dialog: January 24, 1993
speaker_heading: CRUSADE
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Walon Green
dialog: Revisions by
dialog: Gary Goldman
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. A MEDIEVAL ABBEY - MOONLIT NIGHT
text: On a hilltop, dominating the surrounding lands, a large abbey
text: stands fortress-like against a moonlit sky.
scene_heading: A TITLE APPEARS: FRANCE 1095
text: The silhouette of a horseman suddenly appears and pauses in the
text: foreground. The man’s strong features are etched by moonlight.
text: His name is HAGEN and a peasant’s cloak hides his large muscular
text: build. As the singing of vespers drifts on the wind from the
text: abbey, Hagen’s face spreads in a toothy grin. Touching heels
text: to his mare’s flanks, he gallops towards the abbey.
scene_heading: INT, THE ABBEY'S SANCTUARY ~ NIGHT
text: Beneath Gothic arches a monk’s choir shifts from the melodic
text: vespers to a strange chant similar to the “Carmina Burana” and
text: a procession appears.
speaker_heading: THE PROCESSION
text: is led by youthful ACOLYTES, swinging golden censers that fill
text: the air with the heavy incense. Six castrati sopranos follow
text: them, leading the way for a portly ABBOT in a bishop’s miter
text: and vestments of crimson and gold. He is surrounded by
text: adolescent NOVICES, who bear candies and tend his train. A
text: CHOIR OF MONKS, follows, led by an AGED MONK who holds a tall
text: staff surmounted by a large gold cross.
text: THE CROSS APPEARS TO FLOAT ABOVE THE PROCESSION
text: through swirling clouds of incense smoke against a flaming
text: background of countless candles that suggest the devastated
text: landscape of a holocaust.
scene_heading: THE MAIN TITLE APPEARS: CRUSADE
scene_heading: TITLES CONTINUE OVER:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ABBEY WALL - NIGHT
text: Hagen rides a path at the base of the wall, peering up at the
text: unscalable heights. Occasionally he sniffs the air as if
text: following a scent. Detecting something, he brightens at the
dialog: sight of--
speaker_heading: A HUGE PILE
text: of bones and rotting entrails which lies below an opening high
text: above in the abbey wall.
scene_heading: HAGEN LOOKS UP
text: reacting to a sound.
text: FROM AN OPENING HIGH ABOVE
text: in the wall, a cartload of bones and viscera are dumped by two
dialog: peasants.
speaker_heading: HAGEN CALMS
text: his horse and eases her into the shadows. When the peasants
text: disappear, he slips off and removes a three-pronged hook and
text: a length of rope from a saddle bag.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (to his horse)
dialog: Be good and I’ll bring you
dialog: carrots.
text: The mare nickers and nods “Yes” as Hagen moves under the
text: opening. Swinging the hook, he heaves it up.
text: THE HOOK CATCHES
text: on the timbers of the opening wall.
text: HAGEN TESTS THE LINE,
text: then pulls himself up hand over hand.
scene_heading: INT. THE ABBOT'S CHAMBERS - NIGHT
text: In a high-domed room, hung with elaborate brocade, a lutist and
text: pan-piper player render a romantic fantasia while facing the
text: wall. At a curtained bed the Abbot raises his arms to allow
text: a teenaged BLOND ACOLYTE to remove his outer vestments. In lace
text: undergarments he settles on the bed. Extending a pale hand,
text: the Abbot strokes the head of a DARK HAIRED ACOLYTE who removes
text: his slippers. The blond youth suddenly grabs the Abbot’s hand
text: and kisses it.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Oh, are we jealous?
text: phe Abbot hugs them close, relishing the feel of their young
dialog: odies.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: I promise, each will have a gift.
text: The dark haired youth turns away and begins a seductive belly
text: dance, clapping his hands, and slapping the bare soles of his
text: feet on the stone floor in time with the music. The Abbot
text: giggles with delight.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE ABBEY SLAUGHTER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Hagen grabs a filthy beam, and pulls himself through the opening
text: in the abbey wall into the slaughterhouse.
text: Moving past hanging carcasses and tubs of entrails, he enters
text: a huge pantry and sneaks past two PEASANTS, stuffing sausage
text: in the gloom of a curing room.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ABBEY COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Under the eaves of a huge inner courtyard, Hagen ducks into the
text: shadows as an abbey GUARD emerges from a doorway to relieve
text: himself with a piss and a long sustained fart.
text: Hagen sneaks past a mess room door where other GUARDS are_
text: drinking. There is laughter as one squirts wine from a wine
text: skin into the face of a ragged prostitute.
text: Pausing at a doorway of a main building, Hagen makes a mental
text: note of his position, then enters and descends a flight of
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE ABBOT’S CHAMBERS - NIGHT
text: Wearing a silken shift, the Abbot carefully paints the lips of
text: the blond acolyte while the other, already rouged, looks on with
text: a pout. When finished, the Abbot draws back for a taste of wine
text: and an appraisal of his work.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: But the princesses need jewels.
text: Both acolytes smile.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Yes, that suits you. Doesn’t it,
dialog: my little sluts.
text: The Abbot chucks their cheeks and crosses to the door.
scene_heading: INT. ABBEY HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: A NOVICE MONK, sleeping on straw outside the Abbot‘’s door,
text: scrambles to his feet as the Abbot appears.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Summon Monfleurry. Tell him I
dialog: need something from the vault.
text: The novice hurries away down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. THE VAULT STAIRWAY -. NIGHT
text: Hagen, carrying a small torch, descends a stairway to a heavily
text: bolted door. He removes. a pry-bar from his belt, inserts it
text: in the lock, and pushes until the lock tears from the wood.
text: Hagen peers inside.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY AND TREASURE ROOM ~ NIGHT
text: At the far end of a hallway, Hagen’s torch illuminates the
text: Abbey’s wealth, stored behind the bars of a treasure room
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: steps to the barred door, inserts his pry-bar and heaves. The
text: door is unlocked. Hagen, driven by his own force, hurtles
text: through and crashes amidst the treasure. Laying atop piles of
text: silver and gold, jewelled chalices and icons, he glances around.
text: Snatching a gold crucifix, he kisses it irreverently, and
text: laughingly stuffs it into his bag.
speaker_heading: TITLES END:
scene_heading: EXT, THE ABBEY COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: MONFLEURRY, sixty, the Abbot's officious secretary, crosses the
text: abbey courtyard accompanied by an ABBEY GUARD. He removes a
text: huge ring of keys as they enter the door leading to the vault
dialog: stairway.
scene_heading: INT. THE VAULT - NIGHT
text: Hagen slams an ornate box against the wall. It shatters,
text: spewing silver coins into his leather bag.
scene_heading: INT. VAULT STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: Descending the stairs, Monfleurry and the guard reach the
text: doorway. - Finding the bolt torn off, they exchange a look. The
text: guard puts his finger to his lips, eases the door open, and they
text: peer down the hallway.
scene_heading: POV - MONFLEURRY AND GUARD
text: Hagen hoists the treasure-filled bag onto his back. He reacts
dialog: as--
text: MONFLEURRY, WATCHING FROM THE DOOR,
text: mutters, “Mon dieu.” The guard yanks him. back and slams the
text: door, trapping Hagen in the vault. Both men lean against the
text: door while the guard fumbles to latch the broken bolt.
scene_heading: HAGEN CHARGES THE DOOR
text: and rams it with his shoulder.
scene_heading: THE DOOR FLIES OPEN,
text: breaking the guard’s nose as it slams him back against the wall.
text: Monfleurry is hurled onto the floor. Hagen leaps over him and
text: races up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ABBEY COURTYARD - PRE-DAWN
text: At a full run, Hagen crosses the courtyard toward the slaughter
dialog: house.” :
text: He leaps a small barrier, landing amidst a gaggle of geese.
text: THe birds erupt as--~
scene_heading: MONFLEURRY AND THE GUARD APPEAR,
scene_heading: MONFLEURRY AND GUARD
dialog: {shouting}
text: Thief!...A thief has robbed the
dialog: vault!
text: Dogs bark. More shouts are heard.
scene_heading: INT. THE SLAUGHTER HOUSF - PRE-DAWN
text: Hagen trips, nearly falling over a sleeping PEASANT as he runs
text: through the pantry.
scene_heading: INT. THE ABBOT’S CHAMBERS - PRE-DAWN
text: Nude, the Abbot stumbles from his bed. His radish white flesh
text: is covered with the rouged imprints of kisses. Throwing open
text: a window, he stares down into the courtyard.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAOS IN THE COURTYARD BELOW - PRE-DAWN
text: Sword in hand, A SERGEANT of the guard runs bare-assed but for
text: a cod-piece from the barracks. Other GUARDS follow in confusion
text: as dogs bark and geese fly in all directions.
text: From the eaves of the courtyard PEASANTS laugh at Monfleurry
text: and the guards who race around, screaming.
scene_heading: SERGEANT OF THE GUARDS
dialog: Loose the dogs!
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE SLAUGHTER HOUSE DOOR ~- PRE-DAWN
text: Hagen grabs the rope. He looks down, whistles and grins as his
text: horse steps from the shadows. ,
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Good girl.
text: Suddenly he remembers his promise. Rushing back to the store
text: room, Hagem searches frantically for carrots. Two peasants
text: stare dumbly from the doorway.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Where are the carrots?
text: A peasant points. Hagen pulls carrots from a sack and stuffs
dialog: them in his shirt as--
speaker_heading: A GUARD
text: with a crossbow appears, pushing past the peasants he shouts
dialog: as he aims. :
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: He‘s here!
text: A bolt buries itself in a pork loin beside Hagen’s face. Two
text: other GUARDS rush Hagen with pikes. He yanks a pig carcass from
text: a meat hook. Holding it by the hind legs he slams one guard
text: in the face sending him skidding across the floor. Hagen blocks
text: the other’s blow with the carcass. A kick to the guard’s groin
text: sends him into a vat of entrails.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ABBEY WALL - PRE-DAWN
text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Hagen grabs the rope and starts to slide down. Kicking out from
text: the wall, he tries to line up his descent with the horse's back.
text: GUARDS appear above. One aims a crossbow.
text: Hagen twists as a bolt hisses past.
text: The SECOND GUARD cuts the rope with a cleaver and--
text: Hagen drops fifteen feet onto the horse's back. The mare lunges
text: away as a bolt from another crossbow whistles past.
scene_heading: EXT, THE ABBEY ENTRANCE - PRE-DAWN
text: Bells shatter the pre-dawn silence as Hagen rounds the abbey
text: walls at a gallop.
text: THE ABBEY'S MAIN GATE BURSTS OPEN.
text: A pack of hounds followed by a squad of mounted guards charge
text: out in pursuit.
scene_heading: EXT. A MIST ENSHROUDED FOREST - DAWN
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Hagen gallops through swirls of mist, swinging from side to
text: side, ducking the low branches of trees.
text: The dogs are hot on his scent, plunging blindly through the
text: thick undergrowth.
text: Hagen jumps a fallen log. As he vanishes into the mist, the
text: dogs scurry under it in pursuit.
text: At a steep ravine, Hagen senses the dogs are gaining. He spurs
text: Che mare down an embankment into a stream. Hagen looks in one
text: direction then the other, straining to see through the mist.
text: Spurring his horse up stream, he sees--
text: Four mounted GUARDS emerging from the mist ahead, cutting him
dialog: off. :
text: Ready to carve his way through them, Hagen draws a huge sword.
text: The guards rein up and none will engage Hagen. They shout and
text: yodel their position to others as the dogs race up.
text: As Hagen tries to drive through the dogs, eight more GUARDS
text: appear from the mist. His horse panics, rears, and falls over
text: backwards. Hagen lands hard in the stream and his sword
text: clatters away among the rocks. As he struggles to his feet the
text: dogs tear at him with a frenzy.
text: A mounted GUARD tries to hook Hagen with his pike. Hagen grabs
text: the man’s leg, snatches him off his horse,. and heaves him into
text: the pack of dogs.
text: Other guards dismount and encircle Hagen. They prod him with
text: their pikes while the dogs resume their attack.
text: The BAILIFF, a large man almost a big as Hagen, and a SERGEANT
text: OF THE GUARD move in. When the mastiffs have pulled Hagen down,
text: the men beat him with cudgels. Hagen tries to rise, the carrots
text: spill from his torn shirt. Struck repeatedly, he falls
text: senseless into the stream.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ABBEY COURTYARD - DAY
text: Surrounded by his captors, Hagen, with his arms tied over a
text: yoke, is prodded through the gate of the abbey into the
text: courtyard. The Bailiff rides behind, moving him with his pike.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: On your knees.
text: Hagen glares at the Bailiff. A guard strikes his leg with a
text: cudgel dropping him to his knees.
speaker_heading: THE ABBOT
text: appears with Monfleurry. Guards place the sack and the
text: recovered loot near Hagen for their inspection.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: All has been recovered, your
dialog: grace.
text: The Abbot says nothing as he walks around Hagen, who stares
text: ahead in silence. The Abbot studies the huge muscles of Hagen’s
text: arms, resisting the temptation to caress them. Looking into
text: Hagen’s face, the Abbot smiles with recognition.
speaker_heading: MONFLEURRY
dialog: You know this man?
text: The Abbot continues staring at Hagen.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Summon Count Emmich of Bascarat.
text: Hagen turns and faces the Abbot. The name has brought rage to
text: his expression.
scene_heading: EXT. A PEACEFUL VALLEY - DAY
text: The scene could be the backdrop of an old master’s painting.
text: Through a summer haze, a small river winds past fields bordered
text: by slopes festooned with grape vines. The landowner’s home is
text: a large farmhouse partially in ruins that stands on a hill amid
text: a cluster of trees. A scream, rude laughter, and the cackling
text: of chickens and geese is heard from the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARMYARD - DAY
text: A peasant girl stumbles from a thicket and runs through a junk
text: strewn farmyard. Chickens and ducks scatter as she flees a
text: nude, well-muscled man whose body and shoulder-length hair are
text: dyed Burgundy red. COUNT EMMICH OF BASCARAT, wild-eyed, lust-
text: crazed, like a satyr from a Greek myth, he chases the girl
text: toward a row of huge vats where the MEN OF HIS GUARD and a
text: handful of PEASANTS are stomping grapes.
text: He corners her against a stone wall and grabs her. She fights
text: him as he drags her toward the vats.
text: His men howl with laughter as Emmich tears the girl's clothes
text: away. Her screams are beyond the mock protest of ribald play.
text: Her youth, she is no more than fifteen, is sadly apparent as
text: she pleads with him. With sudden anger he smacks her, tips her
text: into a vat, and climbs in after her.
speaker_heading: IN THE VAT
text: the girl, slick with grape slime, lunges away from Emmich.
text: Grabbing her by the hair he plunges her head under slurry and
text: holds it there, looking around as though he’s lost her.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Where did she go?
text: The men now roar with laughter at Emmich’s charade. Holding
text: her head under, he shields his eyes with his hand and pretends
text: to look out at the landscape.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
text: Vanished.
text: More laughter, which Emmich milks, then he pulls her up. The
text: girl chokes and gags for air. Emmich draws her close, smiling
text: into her face.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Be willing now. I’m bored of the
dialog: chase. :
text: The girl faces him, resigned. Aroused by her broken spirit,
text: Emmich pushes her to the side of the vat and begins taking his
text: pleasure. As he works into her...
scene_heading: HIS MEN WATCH.
text: IvO, a pale young man with a cruel face, stifles an attack of
text: giggles.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VAT - DAY
text: Emmich climaxes with a roar like a rutting elephant. Shoving
text: the girl away, he raises both hands above his head and shouts
text: to his men.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: I declare this vintage well
dialog: seasoned.
speaker_heading: A RIDER,
text: Emmich's cousin WALDEMAR, large and gross featured, enters the
text: farmyard at a gallop, and reins his horse near the vats. As
text: he swings from the saddle Emmich greets him.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Waldemar, strip your rags and
dialog: climb in. I'm drunk enough to
dialog: share this sowlet.
text: Emmich grabs the girl and displays her as Waldemar approaches.
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
dialog: Another time Emmich. You are
dialog: called to abbey.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Called from my gentle home life,
dialog: for what reason?
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
dialog: (grins}
dialog: Your wayward serf Hagen is in the
dialog: abbey’s dungeon, accused of
text: robbing the vaults.
text: Emmich’s lips trace a cold smile.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: ...f£or which they will hang him.
scene_heading: INT. ABBEY HALLWAY - DAY
text: Emmich's clothes are dirty and ragged. He appears shabby as
text: he walks beside the.immaculately groomed Abbot. .
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: I summoned you, Count Emmich
dialog: because there.is more to this than
dialog: the simple capture and trial of
text: a serf turned thief.
text: Emmich glances at he Abbot, annoyed.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: He abandoned my service for
dialog: brigandage. I‘m not involved.
dialog: Hang him.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: A tribunal might find this man
dialog: other than a serf. They might
dialog: find him a man deprived of his
dialog: inheritance and therefore driven
dialog: to thievery. They might,...with
dialog: due consideration,...even find
text: him guiltless.
text: Emmich stiffens at the Abbot's words. They pause at a large
text: cage of doves, The Abbot coos to the birds
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Do you forget that I was your
dialog: father’s confessor?
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Then you know there were other
dialog: bastards beside this one.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: The other bastards he ordered
dialog: killed...For the others he felt
dialog: no “affection.” But he spoke of
dialog: legitimizing this Hagen.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: I don’t need reminding of my
dialog: father’s weakness for this son
dialog: of a peasant whore. Are you
dialog: saying you won't hang him?
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: There is a document, signed before
dialog: your father’s death that would
dialog: give Hagen claim to half of your
dialog: estate. It is in my possession.
dialog: feeding them as he
text: Emmich blanches slightly. The Abbot turns from the doves at
text: the ringing of a distant bell.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
text: The call to vespers.
text: The Abbot studies Emmich, enjoying this moment of power. Emmich
text: is barely able to control his rage.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Deed to me one quarter of your
dialog: estate...And I will hang your
dialog: bastard brother.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: You dirty old,...
speaker_heading: ABBOT.
dialog: (as to an errant child)
dialog: Ah, ah, ah,...Careful now, Count
dialog: Emmich. Better to give quarter
dialog: than lose all.
text: Emmich faces the Abbot. His mouth dry with rage.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Summon your scribe.
scene_heading: INT, THE ABBEY’S MAIN HALL - DAY
text: Hagen is led in with his wrists and neck chained. He reacts
text: immediately to the sight of Emmich, seated casually on the front
text: bench of a pew. Emmich's smug smile contrasts with Hagen’s cold
text: hatred at the sight of his half brother. The Abbot stands
text: before a row of CLERICS wearing black robes of judgement. Hagen,
text: is forced to stand in the middle of the tribunal where he is
text: flanked by the bailiff and guards.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: The man before this tribunal is
dialog: Hagen, a serf, from lands owned
dialog: by Count Emmich of Bascarat.
dialog: Count Emmich, do you hold this
dialog: man as your property?
text: The Abbot turns to face Emmich.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: No, I resign him to your
dialog: judgement.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: (graciously)
dialog: And we make no claim on you for
dialog: his actions.
text: Emmich nods a stiff acknowledgement. The Abbot faces Hagen.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: You were a pikesman in the guard
dialog: of Count Emmich. Can you tell
dialog: us why you renounced your duties
dialog: and became a thief? Were you
dialog: influenced by a demon?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I was influenced only by Count
dialog: Emmich,
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: You dare incriminate me?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: As your pikesman I stole grain
dialog: from villagers and robbed
dialog: travelers on the road. By your
dialog: order I learned theft like all
dialog: your men.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: He speaks of collecting taxes and
dialog: tithes for crossing my
dialog: lands,...all within the law.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Since there’s so much stealing
dialog: within the law, how does a man
dialog: know what‘s outside the law?
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Robbing this house of God cannot
dialog: be compared with the duties of
dialog: serfdom.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I don’t compare them.
dialog: (an odd smile)
dialog: Robbing this abbey was something
dialog: I enjoyed.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: (a beat, he smiles too)
dialog: And judging you is something I'll
dialog: enjoy.
text: Hagen watches as the Abbot moves along the row of black robed
text: monks. Whispers are exchanged and each nods a gesture of
text: accord. The Abbot turns and faces Hagen. With theatrically
text: raised eyebrows, he speaks as though the verdict were a
dialog: surprise.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Hagen, this tribunal has found
dialog: you guilty.
text: Emmich allows himself a laugh. The Abbot continues with barely
text: concealed sarcasm.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: But I. am ordained by a merciful
dialog: god and the sentence of death may
dialog: not pass my lips. Duty obliges
dialog: me to pray for your redemption.
dialog: 13.
text: Hagen appears momentarily confused, thinking he may have been
text: granted a reprieve. The Abbot kneels before a small altar and
text: intones in Latin.
text: Suddenly, the guards jerk Hagen to his feet. He faces the
dialog: bailiff.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Hagen, I am the lay bailiff of
dialog: this Abbey. I condemn you to hang
dialog: for the crime of theft.
text: As Hagen is hauled towards the door Emmich watches with a degree
text: of grudging satisfaction.
scene_heading: INT. THE ABBEY'S PRISON - DAY
text: Hagen sits at a cell window overlooking the courtyard. His neck
text: is chained to a ring in the wall. The ravings of an unseen
text: MADMAN can be heard off screen.
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: Workers are building a scaffold. Nearby, the Bailiff and the
text: Sergeant of the guard look on as two SERFS wash Hagen’s mare
text: with a bucket of raw egg shampoo. The Bailiff takes the mare’s
text: halter, obviously claiming the horse for his own.
speaker_heading: HAGEN WATCHES
text: annoyed that his horse will pass to the Bailiff’s hands. He
text: whistles.
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: The mare whinnies, rears, and kicks out at the Bailiff. As the
text: Bailiff jumps back, his foot lands in the bucket of egg-shampoo.
text: He stomps around and falls on his ass as the Serfs calm the
dialog: orse.
speaker_heading: HAGEN LAUGHS
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Don't worry, girl. I haven't
dialog: forgotten your carrots.
text: He starts to turn away when he hears a herald’s trumpet and hoof
dialog: beats. .
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: Five horsemen gallop into the courtyard. One is well-attired,
text: an obvious noble. The others, members of his personal body
text: guard, wear chain mail and helmets.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: HAGEN WATCHES AS
text: the noble dismounts at the entrance to the Abbot’s quarters.
text: After speaking with some monks, who bow to him deferentially,
text: he is led inside.
scene_heading: INT. THE ABBOT'S OFFICES - DAY
dialog: PRINCE ORSINI, a lay delegate of the Vatican, xeclines ina
text: chair, eating a snack from a gold plate as he speaks in clipped
text: directives with the Abbot. Monfleurry sits in the background.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: I heard that his Holiness was in
dialog: Clermont, but I had no idea he
dialog: would honor us with a visit.
speaker_heading: ORSINI
dialog: He will reside here in the Abbey.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Of course. In my own apartments.
speaker_heading: ORSINI
dialog: He will require a field be
dialog: prepared,
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: A field? .
speaker_heading: ORSINI
dialog: A call must be put forth to gather
dialog: both nobles and commonfolk to a
dialog: large field. There you will erect
text: a platform from which he can
dialog: address the multitude.
text: The Abbot exchanges a look with Monfleurry. Orsini rises and
text: walks to a window. The hammering from the gallows can be heard.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: (probing)
dialog: The message our Pope brings...I
dialog: assume it’s of great importance.
text: Orsini is looking out the window toward the gallows.
speaker_heading: ORSINI
dialog: Yes, but I will not usurp his
dialog: words with my own...That scaffold
dialog: down there must be struck
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: But we have an execution. A thief
text: attempted to rob the Abbey.
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: ORSINI
text: Strike the scaffold. After his
dialog: Holiness leaves hang anyone you
dialog: want.
scene_heading: INT. THE CELL - DUSK
text: Hagen chins himself on the bars of his cell. When he has
text: finished a set he relaxes for a beat then responds to a
text: different sound off screen. The unmistakable sound of nails
text: being pulled from wood. He crosses to the window and sees:
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: The scaffold in being torn down.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: dares reflect cautious pleasure at the sight.
scene_heading: EXT, THE ABBEY LANDSCAPE - DAY
text: The road to the Abbey is filled with color as a Papal caravan
text: approaches, lead by a mounted guard of armored knights. A large
text: ornate coach, drawn by oxen and bearing the Papal seal, moves
text: slowly at the center, followed by carts of baggage, a hundred
text: or more members of the Pope’s entourage, and an army of monks.
speaker_heading: AS THE CARAVAN
text: reaches a large field near the abbey a tent city can be seen.
text: People of all classes crowd forward to view his Wagon.
text: Milkmaids stare wide-eyed. Nobles and Knights shove rudely
text: through the crowd to bow their heads. Elderly peasant women
text: kneel and cross themselves. A collective gasp goes up as~-
scene_heading: A CURTAIN PARTS
text: and for a brief instant POPE URBAN II can be seen. A bearded,
text: authoritative looking man, the Pope motions a blessing then
text: retires from sight.
scene_heading: SLACK-JAWED SERFS STARE IN WONDER
text: as monks and ascetics prostrate themselves in the mud beside
text: the road. A group of flagellants pass, swatting themselves with
text: chains at every step as they keep pace with the caravan.
scene_heading: THE PAPAL COACH RATTLES
text: past Emmich and a group of his peers. Local nobility, they are
text: a shabby lot. Their clothes are filthy and their hair unkempt.
text: One restrains a pair of coursing hounds, another holds a hooded
text: goshawk. Peasant gamekeepers stand behind them, festooned with
text: dead pheasants, ducks, rabbits, and the flayed skins of deer.
text: Emmich's atténtion is drawn ta a knight who rides beside the
dialog: Papal Coach.
dialog: 16.
text: The brilliance of his armor, the magnificence of his mount, and
text: his regal bearing, suggest he is someone of great importance.
text: He is COUNT GODFREY OF BOUILLON.
text: Emmich, standing among his shabby entourage, watches him pass.
scene_heading: EXT. A MARKET AREA - DAY
text: Stalls, where merchants sell religious trinkets, have been
text: hastily erected near the road. A young man, with dark
text: Mediterranean looks, observes people frantically crossing
text: themselves as the Papal Coach approaches. ‘The man, whose name
text: is ARON BEN ZVI, yawns and crosses himself too. Then, confident
text: that no one watches him, he dismisses the Pope with a wave of
text: disdain. As the Coach rattles toward the abbey, Aron, who we'll
text: call ARI, steps to his stand and begins a pitch to those
text: lingering in awe of the Pope’s passing.
speaker_heading: ARI
text: Now, while “holiness” lingers in
dialog: the air, seize the chance, good
dialog: people. Here is the cure for
dialog: every earthly pestilence,...
text: He lifts a vial, tied in a leather thong to be hung around the
text: neck. A few people respond with mild interest.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: .--Blessed water from the River
dialog: Jordan. Water in which Saint John
dialog: baptized Christ our savior.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN
dialog: It cures ague?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: All agues, all distempers, all
dialog: ills,...You doubt me? You want
dialog: proof? There,...a man with an
dialog: abscess. You!
text: Ari points out a PEASANT in the crowd with an abscess the size
text: of a Ping-pong ball on his cheek.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Come good Christian. At no cost,
dialog: in the spirit of our Lord, let
text: me dispel that festering sore.
text: The man seems confused, but others around him get behind it.
text: They shove him toward the stand.
speaker_heading: PEASANT
dialog: You can heal. me?
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: You'll cure him?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: No. Not me. The water of Jordan
dialog: will cure him.
scene_heading: THE ABBEY'S BAILIFF
text: and several GUARDS wander the market. They notice the crowd
text: around Ari’s stand.
scene_heading: ARI EXAMINES THE PEASANT’S FACE
text: while the crowd presses in around him. He touches the abscess
text: and the man yelps with pain. Taking a vial of "Jordan" water
text: he puts a drop in his palm and symbolically washes his hands.
text: Then he places both hands on the man’s cheeks. Covering the
text: large abscess, he bows his head.
text: As Ari mutters prayers the Bailiff pushes in for a closer look.
text: The Peasant with the abscess mutters “The pain,...it’s going
text: away." Ari withdraws his hands and there is a collective gasp
text: from the crowd. The abscess is gone. Ari smiles.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Now if you doubt your eyes deny
dialog: that you have seen a miracle.
dialog: For a pittance, for only a few
dialog: dinarii, I will...
text: Suddenly, the Bailiff steps forward and grabs Ari’s hands and
text: pulls him forward. He tears away his sleeve to the elbow and
text: withdraws the “abscess” {a make up appliance}, holding it up
dialog: for the crowd.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: A fraud!
text: The peasant, Ari‘s accomplice, bolts away through the crowd.
text: Ari tries to tear his way out of his coat and escape as the
text: Bailiff and guards drag him to a large wagon where they tie him
text: to the wheel as the crowd punches at him.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Now, show him what we think of
dialog: mountebanks.
text: Ari is tied and the Bailiff steps back, laughing as the mob
text: beats Ari in a blind rage.
scene_heading: INT. THE ABBEY PRISON - NIGHT
text: Asleep on the floor, Hagen looks up at the sound. of guards
text: entering the cell ‘block. Ari, having been terribly beaten, is
text: dragged into the cell and manacied to the wall opposite Hagen.
text: Hagen looks on unconcerned as Ari collapses in a heap on the
text: floor. Finally, distracted by Ari’s moans, Hagen slides a pot
text: of water across the cell floor to Ari.
dialog: 18.
text: Ari dips the torn sleeve of his shirt into the water and
text: squeezes drops onto his swollen blood caked lips. It revives
dialog: him a bit
dialog: Ari takes
text: and he studies Hagen.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: My thanks.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Give it back.
text: a drink and slides the water back to Hagen.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: I'ma fraud. What are you?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: A thief.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: A chicken?...a goat?...a sack of
dialog: grain?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I robbed this abbey.
text: Ari brightens, impressed.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Ah, the abbey. Any relics?
text: Hagen doesn’t quite comprehend.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Like a hand of Saint Agnes,...a
dialog: thumb of John the Baptist,...a
dialog: tooth from any saint?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Gold.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (shrugs, not too
dialog: impressed)
dialog: Gold. What can one say.
dialog: Traditional if not very original.
speaker_heading: HACEN
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: In today's world religious relics
dialog: are the true treasures. People
text: flock to them like flies to dung.
dialog: A saint’s finger bone is worth
text: many times its weight in gold.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: A finger bone is a finger bone.
dialog: Who can prove it came from a
dialog: saint?
text: Ari smiles painfully.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Believe me, it takes more than
text: just digging up corpses. The
dialog: Church must accept the origins
text: of a holy relic.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: So you make up a story.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Make up a story,...Yes, but it
dialog: has to be a story seasoned with
dialog: facts. I’ve been to every major
dialog: shrine in Christendom. I've seen
dialog: the body of John the Baptist in
dialog: Samaria. The crypt of Saint James
dialog: in Spain. The fragment of the True
dialog: Cross in Jerusalem. And when I
dialog: “offer a saint’s bone the story
dialog: that goes with it is perfect.
text: Hagen settles back against the wall.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What story got you in here?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: The curse of arrogance. I was
dialog: selling water.
text: Hagen smiles, amused.
scene_heading: INT. THE ABBOT‘'S APARTMENT - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE: ON A POLISHED SILVER MAP, circular in shape, inlaid with
dialog: gold, showing the lands of Europe, North Africa and the
text: Mediterranean. A finger, bearing the papal ring, touches the
text: large ruby indicating Jerusalem as Pope Urban speaks off screen.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN (0.S.)
dialog: Here is Jerusalem,...The center
text: of the world. The bleeding heart
dialog: of our faith. And, surrounding
dialog: it...
text: The hand sweeps the areas of Moslem conquest.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN (0.S.)
dialog: The Moslem empire, stretching from
dialog: the. Indian Ocean, to the Atlantic
dialog: coast of Spain,...
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: THE POPE
text: sits in the center of a table in a room hung with tapestries
text: and sumptuous brocade. On his right is his Legate, an elderly
text: bishop named ADHEMAR of LE PUY and the knight GODFREY OF
text: BOUILLON. The Abbot is on his left. He continues speaking as
text: the silver map is passed to Abbot.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
text: A vast empire of souls lost to
dialog: Christ. A wealth of lands
dialog: conquered by virtue of a single
dialog: strength...
text: THE ABBOT EXAMINES THE MAP
text: as musicians take their places in front of the table and food
text: is brought in. There are no plates at the place settings. Food
text: is taken from platter directly to the mouth with the fingers
dialog: or eaten from trenchers (flat breads placed in front of the
dialog: diners).
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN (0.S.)
dialog: For Moslems, warfare is an act
text: of religious faith. A man who
text: falls in battle achieves paradise.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: Would Christian warriors be any
dialog: less valiant if they fought with
dialog: the same promise?
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: No question that such a notion
dialog: would have vast appeal.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: (questioning)
dialog: Still...That God would sanction
dialog: the violence of war.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: We know God blesses the surgeon
text: who straps a man to a table and
text: saws off a gangrenous limb,...God
dialog: sanctions the infliction of pain
dialog: when the cause is just.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: Exactly. And God will sanction
dialog: a war for the purpose of
dialog: delivering those who languish
dialog: under Moslem rule to the kingdom
dialog: of Christ.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Your reasoning is sound theology.
dialog: I only wish that God might give
dialog: us some sign.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: For that we must pray.
scene_heading: EXT. A FIELD NEAR THE ABBEY - DAY
text: Ribbons and banners flap in the wind above countless tents.
text: Knights, nobles, common folk, monks, and ascetics, converge on
text: a raised dais, hung with silks and garlanded with flowers where
text: a huge throne sits under a banner bearing the Papal seal.
text: The PAPAL GUARD and abbey guards control the mob pressing
text: towards the platform. Nobles sit on chairs in choice positions
text: guarded by lackeys. A MONK’S CHOIR, singing in Latin,
text: approaches the dais.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ABBEY WALL - DAY
text: Hagen, Ari, and the madman, their necks and wrists chained to
text: a beam, are driven £oym the dungeon onte the roof by a quartet <
text: of GUARDS.
speaker_heading: GUARDS
dialog: Hurry!...Come on get along!
text: As the guards settle them on the roof, the Pope's procession
text: can, be seen in the background. A guard named VALT laughs as
text: he strikes Hagen’s leg with a club to lower him to his knees.
speaker_heading: VALT .
dialog: Assume the position swine. You’re
dialog: going to see his Holiness.
text: A JAILER MONK, appears.
speaker_heading: JAILER MONK
dialog: You’re here at Pope Urban's
dialog: command. Even the low and
dialog: villainous will receive his
dialog: blessing. .
text: There is no reaction from Hagen; Ari nods.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: That’s very kind of his Holiness.
text: The Madman rolls his eyes towards heaven, hissing and growling
text: at some apparition in the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD - DAY
text: Near the dais, Emmich settles beside a PRETTY GIRL of noble
text: birth. As he whispers in her ear, she giggles. Suddenly a roar
text: goes up from the crowd. Emmich rises to see--
text: THE POPE, ON A SEDAN CHAIR,
text: is carried to the dais.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: FROM ‘THE ROOF
text: Ari cranes to see the Pope while Hagen’s eyes search the
text: possibilities of escape. The guards and monk kneel as the Pope
text: settles onto his throne.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD - DAY
text: The Pope blesses the kneeling crowd then, raising his hands,
text: he brings them to their feet, Assisted by the Abbot and
text: Adhemar, he completes the blessing and faces the multitude which
text: goes silent.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: In Jerusalem,...in whose streets
dialog: walked Christ, the son of God.
text: In Jerusalem, where the altar of
text: the Holy Sepulchre is graced by
text: a fragment of the very wood on
dialog: which our savior was crucified,
dialog: »».a Fragment of the True
text: Cross...Moslem hordes now disgrace
dialog: our shrines. And in doing so
dialog: disgrace our God!
text: An audible moan goes up from the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF - DAY
text: Hagen leans back, eyes half closed as the Pope speaks. Ari sits
text: attentive, and the Madman picks violently at his nose.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN (V.O.)
dialog: Tragic stories are told...Of Nuns,
dialog: chaste in their dedication to
dialog: Christ, set upon in lust. Their
text: clothes torn away by vile
text: heathens. Their precious white
text: bodies fondled and ravaged by
dialog: blackamoors! Oh, hear their sad
dialog: lamentations!
text: Ari reacts with a smile, knowing the Pope's words are hype.
text: The Madman suddenly bays like a wolf. The Jailer Monk smacks
text: him with a cudgel and he whimpers like a puppy.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DAIS - DAY
text: Pope Urban now goes to the heart of his message.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: . The martyrs from their graves,
dialog: the living who are enslaved call
dialog: for help... Call for you to gird
dialog: yourselves for war and free them.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN (Cont'd)
dialog: For it is better to die in battle
dialog: than tolerate the abuse of your
dialog: race and your holy places. They
dialog: call you to take up arms as a God-
dialog: sent army and free Jerusalem.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF - DAY
text: Hagen is now listening to the Pope’s words with interest.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN (V.0O.)
dialog: For those who fall there will be
dialog: remission from all sin and eternal
dialog: salvation. But think not of death,
dialog: for God will reward your valor
text: with victory and dominion over
dialog: the lands, the wealth, and the
dialog: kingdoms of the Moslem. God willis
dialog: this war! Do you hear? God wills
dialog: it!
text: The crowd responds with a chorus of “God wills it!”
scene_heading: EXT. THE CROWD - DAY
text: People are chanting “God wills it,...God wills it!” kEmmich and
text: Waldemar smirk derisively.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF - DAY
text: Ari breaks into the shout of “God wills it!" The Jailer Monk
text: spins around. A guard lifts a club to silence him.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: But his words are for every man.
dialog: I'm ready to fight, to die, to
dialog: free Jerusalem.
text: He is smacked halfheartedly with the club.
speaker_heading: JAILER MONK
dialog: You'll die. You'll hang, soon
text: as his Holiness is down the road.
text: In the distance the Pope can be seen raising his hands and the
text: chant of the crowd diminishes.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: Hear this! God, who speaks through
dialog: me, will make his will known with
dialog: holy signs... Miracles.
scene_heading: HAGEN LISTENS, SUDDENLY ATTENTIVE.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN (V.0.)
dialog: Yes, miracles will give proof that
dialog: the conquest of Jerusalem, ...
dialog: (more)
dialog: 24,
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN (Cont'd)
dialog: the recovery of the True Cross,
dialog: are truly God’s will.
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: GOD WILLS IT!
text: The crowd responds with a roar. As it continues a plan races
text: through Hagen‘s mind.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CROWD - DAY
text: People are chanting “God wills it. In the crowd, Emmich touches
text: the ass of the pretty noble girl. She turns. He smiles and
text: mouths “God wills it”, as he reaches forward and feels her
dialog: bosom.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DAIS - DAY
text: The Pope stands with his arms extended in a welcoming gesture.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: Now, God calls you. Come, and
dialog: take the cross.
text: The Pope is escorted from the dais to his sedan chair. Monks
text: and other churchmen move in to deal with the mob that now surges
dialog: forward.
scene_heading: GODFREY AND HIS RETINUE
text: push toward the dais as BROTHER BERNARD, the Sacristan of
text: Adhemar, speaks to the -crowd.
scene_heading: BROTHER BERNARD
dialog: Those who cannot go...pledge
dialog: support to those who can. Pledge
dialog: your crops, your sons to service
dialog: and receive remission from your
dialog: Sins.
text: Godfrey is among those offering themselves for the Crusade.
text: Emmich watches for a beat, then starts forward. Waldemar grabs
text: his arm.
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
dialog: Emmich, you believe in this?
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Cousin, aren‘’t you bored with
dialog: burning the villages of this
dialog: backwater: for sacks of grain? See
dialog: that knight?
text: He points toward Godfrey.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Strip away that gold breastplate
dialog: and there’s a little man not half
dialog: my worth or weight. If he can
dialog: conquer kingdoms, why can’t I?
text: He pushes toward the dais. Waldemar follows.
speaker_heading: BEFORE THE DAIS
text: Pushing shabbier KNIGHTS aside, Emmich and Waldemar listen as
text: Godfrey speaks from the dais above them. Adhemar is behind him.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: I am Count Godfrey of Bouillon.
dialog: I have pledged all my earthly
dialog: possessions to support this great
dialog: venture. Now, pledge yourselves
dialog: to me and to victory.
text: Emmich calls out for the crowd.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Are you to lead us then, Count
dialog: Godfrey?
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: I will command in the field. But
dialog: we are ruled by God's will through
dialog: Pope Urban and his Legate, Bishop
dialog: Adhemar of Le Puy.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR SMILES
text: and raises his hand in a blessing.
text: WALDEMAR SPEAKS TO EMMICH
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
text: A pious knight and a skirted
dialog: crone...I see disaster.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: And opportunity.
text: Knights around them kneel. Emmich drops to his knees and
text: Waldemar follows as Adhemar leads in a Latin prayer.
scene_heading: INT. THE DUNGEON - DUSK
text: The guards and the Jailer Monk shove Ari and Hagen into their
text: cell, ‘the Madman shouts in an incomprehensible tongue from
text: across the hall.
scene_heading: INT. HAGEN AND ARI'S CELL ~ DUSK
text: Hagen's neck chain is locked to an iron ring on the wall while
text: Ari is chained to the opposite wall.
dialog: 26.
text: When the guards leave Hagen yanks his chain to see if it comes
dialog: loose.
speaker_heading: ARI SETTLES
text: onto the floor, muttering to himself.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: As long as the Pope stays they
dialog: won't hang us.
dialog: (brightens)
dialog: Maybe he‘ll trip on his hem and
text: break a leg.
text: Hagen examines the metal ring to which his neck chain is
text: attached then notes a lamp in the hall outside the cell door
text: on Ari's side.
speaker_heading: ; HAGEN
dialog: Ari, the lamp in the
dialog: hallway,...Can you reach it?
text: Ari glances at the lamp then at Hagen.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: You have a plan? An escape?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Get me that lamp.
text: Ari moves quickly to the bars. He reaches his hand through and
text: stretches toward the lamp. Hagen strips away his torn shirt.
text: He is bare from the waist up.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Ari's fingers touch the base of an oil lamp set in a rusty
text: sconce. His face pushes against the bars and he grasps it.
speaker_heading: HAGEN SMILES
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Give it to me.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Whatever you're doing, I want to
dialog: be part of it.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You'll be part of it.
text: Ari slides the lamp across the floor. Hagen grabs it and holds
text: it under the ring to which his chain is attached. Ari groans.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: That won’t work. You can’t melt
text: iron with a lamp.
dialog: 
dialog: 27,
text: Hagen says nothing and continues heating the ring.
text: Ari sighs and the Madman. across the dungeon hall begins baying
text: again. Ari-turns to him.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: You,...Please, can you turn me
dialog: into a werewolf. I’11 do anything
dialog: to get out of here.
speaker_heading: THE MADMAN
text: tdooks at him, smiling oddly through guttural growls, he nods
dialog: “ves,”
text: THE RING GLOWS RED
text: Hagen sets down the lamp and turns. From a kneeling position
text: he lines up the glowing ring with a spot between his shoulders
text: and presses his back against it. A hiss and smoke curls up from
text: his burning flesh. Steeling himself against the pain, Hagen
text: rises, slowly burning a strip of flesh along the length of his
dialog: spine.
text: ARI TURNS FROM THE MADMAN AND WATCHES HIM AGHAST.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (mutters to himself)
dialog: Oi, no, he’s a meschug.
scene_heading: HAGEN TURNS.
text: A raw burn runs the length of his back. He puts the lamp to
text: the ring, heating it again.
speaker_heading: ARI WATCHES,
text: mustering a benign look that he hopes won’t upset Hagen.
speaker_heading: THE MADMAN
text: hoots with apparent ecstasy as he peers from his cell.
text: THE RING GLOWS.
text: Hagen presses the ring to his right shoulder blade and draws
text: it horizontally across his back. Sweat breaks on his forehead
text: and his breath quickens with pain. When it is done, he quickly
text: burns the palms of his hands on the still glowing ring then
text: tosses the lamp to Ari.
speaker_heading: . HAGEN
dialog: Put it back.
text: Ari dutifully takes the lamp and replaces it.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: HAGEN SETTLES,
text: keeping his burned back from touching the walls. Ari faces him
text: still uncertain of his sanity. When Hagen recovers his normal
text: breathing he speaks.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Tell me everything you remember
dialog: about seeing the True Cross.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ABBEY COURTYARD - MORNING.
text: Through shafts of sunlight dust rises from a milling crowd,
text: seeking to pledge for the crusade. Peasants mainly, who will
text: make up the rank and file of the army.
speaker_heading: 1st PEASANT
dialog: Along the Rhine there have been
text: holy signs, a rain of frogs...
scene_heading: . 2ND PEASANT
dialog: In Thiel, it’s said a goose spoke
dialog: the Latin mass.
speaker_heading: FAT PEASANT
dialog: (laughs) .
text: And my cow farted the liturgy.
text: They laugh. vValt, the abbey guard who stands by the kitchen
text: door, laughs too.
scene_heading: FROM THE KITCHEN
text: the Jailer Monk, followed by a NOVICE exit, carrying bread and
text: water, The Monk nods to Valt who accompanies them to the prison
dialog: entrance.
scene_heading: INT. THE PRISON - MORNING
text: Valt leads the Jailer Monk and the novice to the cell that holds
text: Hagen and Ari. Both men are asleep on the floor.
text: Hagen, with his back to the wall, looks up sleepily as the
text: novice enters and dumps loaves onto the floor. Indicating
text: Hagen’s water jug, in a corner of the cell, the Jailer Monk
dialog: speaks,
scene_heading: . JAILER MONK
dialog: Give him your jug.
text: Hagen reaches for his jug. For an instant, the light from the
text: window illuminates a large cross branded across his back.
speaker_heading: THE NOVICE GASPS
text: and drops the water bucket. valt and the Jailer Monk are
text: dumbstruck.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: appears confused as the novice crosses himself.
speaker_heading: JAILER MONK
dialog: Turn around
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAILER MONK
dialog: I said turn around.
text: Hagen turns, Ari ahh’s theatrically and crosses himself. The
text: novice begins praying in Latin. alt whispers.
speaker_heading: VALT
dialog: Oh, God, a holy sign,...
text: The Jailer Monk glares at Hagen’s back, not daring to believe
text: his eyes as Valt suddenly exits, shouting. “I’ve seen a holy
text: sign.” The novice drops to his knees and kisses Hagen’s hand.
scene_heading: ExT, THE COURTYARD - MORNING
text: Chaos, as Hagen, shirtless and still in chains, is led from the
text: dungeon, surrounded by monks and guards who hold the masses
text: back. The sight of his bare back causes hysteria,...shouts of
dialog: "The Holy Sign,...Bless us!...God chose him!”. Pezesant hands
text: stretch to touch him. A knight drops to his knees and crosses
text: himself as Hagen is shoved past.
scene_heading: INT. THE CELL - MORNING.
text: At the window Ari watches, enjoying the excitement below.
speaker_heading: POV ARI
text: A mass of people are pushed back as Hagen is led up the steps
text: into the same hall where he was tried and condemned.
scene_heading: INT. THE GREAT HALL - DAY
text: Still in chains, Hagen turns slowly in the middle of the floor
text: revealing his branded back. The Pope, the Abbot, Adhenar, his
text: sacristan Brother Bernard, Godfrey and several monks lcok on.
text: In spite of attempted restraint, it’s obvious that a certain
text: amount of wonder pervades.
speaker_heading: _ ABBOT
dialog: You claim you felt no pain?
text: Holding a salt cellar, the Abbot takes a large piich and rubs
text: it hard into the burn. Hagen displays no reacticn.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Nothing?
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Nothing.- I tell you it came from
dialog: my dream.
text: The Pope exchanges a look with the others.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: Very well. Then tell us of your
dialog: dream.
text: Hagen looks at the men.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I was a knight, pledged to serve
dialog: your cause in the battle for
dialog: Jerusalem.
text: The Abbot stifles a snide laugh.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Your Holiness. He’s simply
dialog: telling you what he thinks you
dialog: want to hear.
text: The Pope raises his hand for Hagen to go on.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: i was in the courtyard of a
text: strange church. The dome was made
text: of wood and shaped like a fool’s
text: cap. It was on fire.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: (a whisper)
text: The Church of the Holy Sepulchre.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: A monk called to me from the
dialog: entrance. He said “I am..
dialog: Theodis or Theosis...the name was
dialog: foreign, I can’t remember it.
dialog: But he said “God has sent you.”
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Blasphemy !
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Wait. Was the monk’s name
dialog: Theodosius?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Theodosius, that’s the name.
text: The gathering looks in amazement toward Adhemar as he speaks
dialog: to the Pope.
dialog: 32.
text: The Pope studies Hagen for a moment while a current of muttering
text: fills the room. The Abbot steps to the Pope.
speaker_heading: ‘ ABBOT
dialog: Your holiness, this is a thief
dialog: who stole religious objects.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: {to Hagen)
dialog: Serf, are you repentant for your
dialog: crime?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Iam. I am ready to serve God
text: as a knight in holy battle.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: A knight? . . . This pikesman who
dialog: deserted his service?
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: In his dream he was a knight and
text: the dream is a holy prophecy.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: {with sudden authority)
dialog: I'll decide what is “holy
dialog: prophecy.” It is only through me
dialog: that God speaks. I will pray for
dialog: God's decision on this man’s fate.
text: Hagen looks at the Pope, mustering an expression of absolute
dialog: sincerity.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I will pray too, Holy Father.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. FROM THE ABBOT’‘S APARTMENT A HIGH ANGLE - THE
scene_heading: COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: By torchlight the milling crowds of the courtyard murmur with
text: excitement. The Pope’s voice is heard 0.S.
speaker_heading: POPE (V.0.)
dialog: In a few weeks the story of this
dialog: “miracle” will spread through
dialog: Europe and ignite support for our
dialog: cause.
text: The Pope turns from where he has peeked from behind a curtain
text: at the crowds below. He turns and faces the Abbot with whom
text: he is alone.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: The man’s an absolute fraud.
text: The Pope smiles, shrugs.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: I know the monk Theodosius. He
dialog: was keeper of the Holy Sepulchre.
text: Hearing this Godfrey clasps his hands. The apparent truth of
text: Hagen's story is having an effect.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: He led me inside and through the
dialog: flames I saw a shining silver
dialog: cross.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
text: The receptacle of the True
dialog: Cross...And what was on the wall
dialog: above the cross?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: A man holds his son to a rock with
text: a knife in his hand. In the sky
text: above him there is a blinding
text: light.
text: Adhemar smiles overcome by emotion.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: The mosaic of Abraham and Isaac
dialog: as I have seen it.
scene_heading: ANGLE THE DOORWAYS
text: Monks eaves-dropping at the doorways pass the word. Some cross
text: themselves and whisper prayers.
speaker_heading: ANGLE HAGEN
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I pushed into the flames and
dialog: grabbed the silver cross, see my
dialog: hands...
text: He shows his burned palms.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I lifted it onto my back but when
text: the hot metal touched my skin it
text: felt cold like ice. I could see
text: nothing through the smoke and
dialog: flames but I was led by a voice
dialog: inside my head. I carried the
dialog: cross to safety.
text: For a beat the men are silent, then Adhemar speaks to the Pope.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: (with emotion)
dialog: The sign we have prayed for.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: Perhaps, but a useful fraud.
text: The abbot doesn’t agree.
speaker_heading: ABBOT:
dialog: He’s condemned. He should hang.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: My dear Bishop, you can’t hang
text: a living, breathing, miracle.
text: The Abbot has no response.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: Godfrey would gladly take him
dialog: under his command. But I prefer
dialog: this “Hagen of the miraculous
dialog: cross” serve a more secular noble.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Someone who would not fall prey
dialog: to his deceit. Someone who would
dialog: control him.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: Precisely.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: I know the man he should serve.
scene_heading: INT. THE ABBEY CHURCH - DAY
text: Emmich stands on the altar of the church holding a long sleeve
text: length gauntlet. Slowly he drops small pebbles into it from
text: a golden urn held by two altar boys. Behind him, Waldemar
text: stands with Ivo, captain of Emmich’s guard. All are dressed
text: in their armor. ‘The Pope is seated to one side. Adhemar,
text: Godfrey, Brother Bernard and several Acolytes are in the
dialog: background.
text: Emmich shakes the gauntlet which is almost filled, adds a few
text: more stones, and grips it by the leather cuff.
text: THE DOORS OF THE ABBEY CHURCH
text: are opened by acolytes and Hagen appears wearing a simple white
text: tunic with the Abbot walking beside him.
text: Seeing Emmich, Hagen reacts. The Abbot smiles.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Isn’t this what you asked for?
text: Hagen steels himself and continues toward the altar.
speaker_heading: —
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: HAGEN’S EYES
text: lock on Emmich's as he approaches. The Pope speaks from his
dialog: throne.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: I am granting your wish, Hagen.
dialog: You will serve our holy crusade
dialog: under the command of Count Emmich
dialog: of Bascarat. Kneel before me.
text: With a glance at Emmich, Hagen kneels.
speaker_heading: POPE URBAN
dialog: I declare you pardoned and I bless
dialog: you in nomine patri, filio, et
dialog: spiritu sancti.
scene_heading: EMMICH GENTLY SLAMS
text: the weighted gauntlet into the palm of his free hand. A thin
text: smile plays on his lips as he crosses to Hagen.
text: Emmich studies Hagen for a few seconds, then draws the gauntlet
text: back and slams Hagen in the face as hard as he can.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Are you loyal?...Will you serve
dialog: me?
text: Hagen speaks, forcing his works past the inclination to tear
dialog: Emmich limb from limb. °
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I am loyal, I will serve you.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Then turn the other cheek.
text: Hagen slowly turns his head and Emmich delivers the hardest
text: backhand blow he can muster. The glove breaks, pebbles fly in
dialog: all directions.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Are you loyal? Will you serve me?
speaker_heading: HAGEN :
dialog: I am loyal...and I will serve you.
text: The last stones are shaken from the gauntlet and it is laid on
text: Hagen’s head.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: I dub you Hagen, ‘knight of
dialog: Bascarat. Rise.
dialog: 35.
text: Hagen stands and a choir begins. Emmich embraces him. As he
text: gives a gentle, almost feminine, kiss to Hagen‘s bloody cheek,
text: Hagen jerks his head back which amuses Emmich.
text: Godfrey steps forward.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: I will purchase this man’s armor
dialog: and horse.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I thank you, Count Godfrey. But
dialog: in my dream I rode my own horse
dialog: which was taken by the bailiff
dialog: of this abbey.
text: The Abbot glares at him.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
text: See that his horse is returned.
text: Hagen graciously nods to Adhemar.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: And in my dream my squire was a
dialog: man called Ari, who shared my
dialog: cell.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
text: A fraud. A mountebank.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: {to the Abbot)
dialog: Another sinner that God has called
dialog: to repentance. See that he’s
dialog: released.
text: Hagen bows his head in gratitude.
scene_heading: INT. ARI’S CELL - NIGHT
text: Ari reacts to the sound of a door opening and the approach of
text: footsteps. He rises to see--
speaker_heading: HAGEN APPEARS
text: at the door to the cell with valt and another guard. They open
text: the door and cross to Ari. Without a word they unlock his
text: Chains. Ari reacts, not daring to believe. As the guards
text: leave, he speaks to Hagen.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: It worked?
text: Hagen nods.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You’re my squire.
text: Ari leaps at Hagen and hugs him trying to kiss him on the mouth.
text: Hagen turns his face and Ari kisses his neck as Hagen
text: disengages.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Hey! Squires don’t kiss their
dialog: knights.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: You Northern Europeans are so
dialog: cold. This is a moment of great
text: eruptive passion.
text: As they leave the cell Ari continues...
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: I will be a squire as there has
dialog: never been a squire. I will be
dialog: @ squire as such that the
dialog: troubadours will sing.
text: As they exit the prison hallway the Madman pushes his head
text: through the bars and gives a long mournful howl. Hagen glances
text: at him then shouts to the guards.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Release him too.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: By who's order?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: God wills it!
text: The guards exchange a look and a shrug and release the Madman.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD - NICHT
text: Hagen crosses the courtyard, carrying a large basket and trailed
text: by the Madman, who follows him like a grateful dog. The Bailiff
text: gives Hagen a dirty look but the reaction of ethers, both monks
text: and peasants, makes it clear that Hagen is a living legend.
text: Valt, the crossbowman, other men from the Abbey guard, and
text: several peasants, fall in behind him.
speaker_heading: VALT
dialog: Hagen of the cross...Take me with
dialog: you to serve you.
text: Others quickly surround Hagen with similar pleas. “Take us to
dialog: serve you!”
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Don't be fools. Stay with your
dialog: wives and families.
text: Valt steps up to Hagen and appeals as spokesman for the others.
speaker_heading: VALT
dialog: For us there is no hope in this
dialog: land, Take us.
text: Hagen looks them over.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I have nothing. If you follow
dialog: me you must bring your own food,
dialog: your clothes, your weapons...
text: He turns and continues walking. They follow. Whether’he wants
text: it or not, Hagen has gathered an entourage.
scene_heading: HAGEN'S HORSE,
text: tied near the stable, whinnies at his approach. Hagen pulls
text: carrots from the basket and gives them to the horse. Seeing
text: the Bailiff he laughs aloud.
text: The Bailiff turns away and Hagen’s following jeers him as he
text: moves away.
scene_heading: EXT, THE DEPARTURE - DAY
text: The valley, dominated by the abbey, is filled with humanity.
text: While people mill around embracing loved ones, accepting last
text: minute offers of food and gifts, a weird chanting is heard off-
dialog: screen,
speaker_heading: A PROCESSION
text: ied by the Madman, now hung with chains and crosses, marches
text: through the gathering at the head of a sizeable following; a
text: host of peasants, armed with clubs, scythes, picks and pitch
text: forks, some followed by ragged wives and children.
scene_heading: AS THE MADMAN PASSES
text: he mutters aloud amidst hoots and animal noises a nonsensical
text: stream of consciousness.
speaker_heading: . MADMAN
dialog: Gods voice! Angels speak!
dialog: Shebelshabeh, wa shenibahem.
dialog: (he bays like a wolf)
dialog: Faith will conquer the heathen.
dialog: Hallelujah! Ya menishnah o rahemi!
text: The Madman bolts ahead in wild dancing steps. Growling,
text: roaring, at the ranks of crusaders. Flagellants fall to their
text: knees, flailing themselves with enhanced frenzy at his passing.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: gazes with bemused disgust.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR THE HEAD OF THE CRUSADE - DAY
text: The lead knights stand beside their horses and each holds a flag
text: with the emblem of his family domain. Godfrey walks in front
text: of them holding a large white banner with a crimson cross...The
text: symbol of the crusade. As he comes to cach knight, the man
text: states his name and title.
text: BALDWIN OF CHARTRES is a refined nobleman like Godfrey.
speaker_heading: A KNIGHT
dialog: Baldwin of Chartres, Duke of
dialog: Fontainebleu and nephew of the
dialog: king...I accept your command.
text: Baldwin lowers his own flag. Godfrey takes it and crumples it
text: in his hand against the flag of the crusade before moving on
dialog: to the next.
text: Godfrey steps to Emmich who looks a bit shabbier than the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Emmich of Bascarat...
dialog: (Emmich is stuck. He
dialog: has nothing more to
dialog: add)
dialog: I accept your command.
text: Emmich lowers his flag and Godfrey meshes it with the crusade
dialog: flag.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HEAD OF THE CRUSADE (LATER)
text: Godfrey, with a color guard of vassals, rides before the ranks
text: as the knights assemble.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: By my order, pillage or violence
dialog: against any through whose lands
dialog: we pass, will be met by death! The
dialog: army of God will not lay waste
dialog: the land!
text: As he moves on--
scene_heading: EMMICH, IN SCRUFFY ARMOR,
text: moves among his knights who are waiting to take the road. They
text: are a shabby looking-lot who appear seasoned for battle through
text: brigandage.
dialog: 39,
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: I would have each of you know,
dialog: if any turns from my command...I
dialog: will pluck his navel...
text: Emmich is now in front of Hagen af) staring directly at him. w<
speaker_heading: EMMICH
text: .--loop his gut to the pommel of
dialog: my saddle and drag him to the Holy
dialog: Land by his innards. Know this
dialog: is my punishment for betrayal.
speaker_heading: HAGEN'’S FACE
text: betrays nothing as he stares back at Emmich. Again the sound
text: of trumpets and drums.
speaker_heading: GODFREY,
text: his armor shining and his silks resplendent, makes his horse
text: rear at the head of his men as if posing for a heroic statue.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: To Jerusalem and victory!
text: Trumpets blare. With thunderous cheers, the beat of drums, and
text: the chorus of countless monks, the Crusade moves forward.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PANORAMA OF THE CRUSADE - DAY
text: The scene is in a word--- splendid. Colors, and images from
text: a historical dreamtime combine like an old master’s canvas as
text: hundreds of mounted knights lead a flowing river of humanity
text: toward the distant horizon.
text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Cartloads of food and supplies and hordes of ragged foot
text: soldiers trudge behind the knights. Families walk with the men;
text: mothers, bidding goodbye to their sons and wives to their
dialog: husbands.
text: Legions of monks walk beside a canopied cart that carries
text: Adhemar and his entourage of clergy. He offers blessing in all
dialog: directions.
text: Among the troops, oxcarts pass from which HARLOTS in gaudy
text: clothing display themselves. Their faces are grotesquely
text: rouged, some wear bizarre shaped masks that cover their eyes,
text: They wave to the surrounding foot soldiers who whistle and
text: return lewd gestures.
speaker_heading: HAGEN AND ARI
text: ride among the hundreds of knights.
text: The CAMERA lowers to a foreground of moving feet and rising dust
text: which gradually obliterates the scene.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THROUGH
scene_heading: EXT. A JUNCTION - DAY
text: Where the road passes a junction, an army of similar make-up
text: feeds into the column; people from another region, joining the
text: swelling ranks of crusaders.
text: ARI SPEAKS QUIETLY TO HAGEN
text: as they watch the new arrivals.
dialog: They ride
dialog: caution,
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Look at them. This madness has
text: spread like plague. By the time
dialog: we reach Bari to sail east, it
dialog: is said we'll be fifty thousand
text: strong.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Less one. I leave tonight for
dialog: the land of the Slavs.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: To live from what I steal.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: What’s to steal from the Slavs?
dialog: Moldy bread? Putrid sausage from
dialog: stinking villagers?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I don't rob villagers.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: What then? The nobles live in mud
dialog: huts. You'll hang for stealing
text: cow plops.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I won’t serve Emmich.
text: for a beat and Ari speaks again with a sense of
speaker_heading: _ _ ARI
dialog: Then is the rumor true, ...That
dialog: you are,...related?
text: Hagen turns and faces Ari. His face is flushed with hate.
dialog: 41,
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Only a fool allows the troubles
dialog: of his past to ruin the joy of
dialog: his future. Stay with this
dialog: crusade. Rob yourself rich, and
dialog: be blessed rather than hanged for
dialog: it.
text: Hagen says nothing. Ari removes a purse from his waist.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: We've already made some denarii.
dialog: Half is yours.
text: He tosses it to Hagen,
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Where did you get this?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I sold the garments of “Hagen,
dialog: of the miraculous cross.”
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: My old clothes?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: ...and some odds and ends I
text: snatched from a clothes line.
text: Both men laugh.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Trust me blindly. wWe’re on the
dialog: road to riches.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CRUSADE - DUSK
text: Alongside a length of road that stretches through rolling farm
text: land, the army has begun setting up a camp for the night.
text: Fires burn, and pots boil with millet gruel.
text: Monks kneel in the stubble of a field and sing vespers before
text: a makeshift altar where Adhemar gives a blessing. Godfrey and
text: several of his knights can be seen in the front rows.
text: Foot soldiers and some knight cluster around the harlot’s cart.
text: The bare legs and thighs of the women protrude from curtained
text: sides which hide their upper bodies. Men, having dropped only
text: their britches, work at them. A MADAM and a pair of burly
text: cudgel-wielding PIMPS maintain order as the men crowd around.
text: Each pays a few coins and, as a customer working a pair of
text: thighs roars with completion, he is pulled away and quickly
text: replaced by another.
dialog: 42.
text: Waldemar and Ivo approach. Shoving the pimps away and
text: threatening them with their weapons, they yank several men from
text: the thighs and indulge themselves.
text: Emmich laughs as he watches them from a short distance away,
text: declining their invitation to join in.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: glances at the spectacle with disdain then turns away as Ari
text: appears with a bowl of millet. The men sit by their tent and
text: eat from the same bowl with their fingers. The carnal grunts
text: of the harlot’s cart blend with the singing of the monks.
scene_heading: EXT, ROAD BESIDE THE CRUSADER CAMP - NIGHT
text: A horse-drawn wagon moves at a quick pace along the road beside
text: the encamped crusaders. It holds about a dozen people who sing
text: a gay song, accompanied by rap drums and tambourines.
dialog: By their style of dress and general appearance the people in
text: the wagons can be identified as Jews, They are a WEDDING PARTY.
text: A young BRIDE and GROOM in wedding finery sit on a raised seat.
scene_heading: EXT. EMMICH’'S ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: Emmich rises from where he eats with his men near the road and
text: stares at the approaching wagons. A fat HERMIT MONK standing
text: beside him spits and mutters, “Jews.”
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: The killers of Christ? I‘d like
dialog: to get a look at them.
scene_heading: AS THE WAGON APPROACHES
text: Emmich with Ivo, Waldemar and a few of his men step onto the
text: road and block the way. Waving their hands they shy the horses
text: to a stop.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
text: approaches the wagon and gawks at the Jews as though they were
text: an exhibit in a bestiary. The Hermit Monk is beside him.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: So these are Jews...They look
text: almost human.
speaker_heading: HERMIT MONK
dialog: We take arms against the enemies
dialog: of Christ and here are his worst
dialog: foes.
text: Ivo snatches the yarmulke off a YOUNG JEW and puts it on his
text: head. Other knights laugh. An OLD MAN speaks to Emmich from
text: the tense silence on the cart.. .
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Hear me good knight. We serve
dialog: as silversmiths to the most
dialog: excellent Bishop of Mainz. We
dialog: live in this region lawfully,
dialog: under a charter of his protection.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: The Bishop of Mainz is a long way
dialog: off, little man.
text: There are titters from Emmich’s men as more gather around the
dialog: cart.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: looks up from where he is eating with Ari near their tent (which
text: is somewhat apart from the others). He sees Emmich and his men
text: around the wagon.
text: Ari too sees it. He mutters almost to himself.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Fools,...they should have stayed
dialog: in their village.
text: Still gnawing a lamb bone Hagen rises to watch.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
text: now glances at the bride.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: We are now come from a wedding.
dialog: It is a day of joy for these young
dialog: people.
text: Emmich reaches to touch her ankle and she draws it away. An
text: evil snickering from the surrounding knights.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: I like a bit of joy myself.
text: Emmich's men laugh. The Jews whisper among themselves in Hebrew
text: and the BRIDE’S FATHER offers a purse.
speaker_heading: BRIDE'S FATHER
dialog: Here good knight. Take this in
dialog: tribute to your cause and let us
dialog: pass.
text: Emmich takes the purse and makes a face.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Only this? .
text: Other purses are offered and grabbed by Emmich’s men, igniting
dialog: their greed.
dialog: 44.
text: A JEWISH WOMAN shrieks as her earrings are plucked by the Hermit
dialog: Monk. °
text: Like a pack of wolves the Knights begin snatching things from
text: the wagon. A shawl is pulled from OLD LADY. A Menorah from
text: a RABBI. A lute from MUSICIAN. A basket of food is found and
text: loaves of bread are thrown among the knights. The Jews pull
text: away from the grasping hands and huddle in the center of the
dialog: wagon.
text: The Old Man speaks to Emmich.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN .
dialog: You have your tribute, knight.
dialog: Now let us go.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: But I’ve not had my prize.
text: His hand shoots out and grabs the bride's gown. She clings to
text: the Groom as Emmich pulls at her. Her foot kicks him in the
text: face. A he flinches, she snatches her hem from his grasp.
text: As Emmich's hand goes for his dagger, Hagen is suddenly in front
text: of him. After a beat he points at the bride and orders Hagen.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Pull her down!
text: Hagen doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: That’s an order, knight of my
dialog: command, Pull her down and spread
dialog: her, I‘1l show you how your were
dialog: spawned.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Let them go.
text: Emmich looks at Hagen, seeming to enjoy his disobedience. Ari
text: moves behind Emmich's men. Seeing a woodsman’s axe, he pulls
text: it from a log. With a whistle he throws it over the heads of
text: Emmich's men toward Hagen.
speaker_heading: HAGEN TURNS
text: at Ari's whistle and catches the axe. Facing Emmich, he moves
text: to the front of the cart and glances up at the bride.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Congratulations!...Enjoy each
dialog: other.
text: Hagen swats the rump of the cart horse and the animal bolts.
text: Emmich stares in disbelief as the wagonload of Jews rattles
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Now, arm yourself...or do I have
dialog: to wear a maiden’s skirts to bring
dialog: out your courage.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Your life is over, bastard! Squire!
dialog: ...My armor!
text: Satisfied, Hagen walks several feet from Emmich, and leans
text: casually on his axe handle as Emmich is suited up.
speaker_heading: ARI’S LOOK .
text: goes from Hagen to Emmich. His face registers concern.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
text: takes a large, formidable pole-axe with a sharp forked tip from
text: one of his men. A shield is fitted to his arm and a “pot helm’
text: placed on his head.
speaker_heading: EMMICH’S MEN
text: fall back as Hagen steps forward with a few practice swings of
text: his. axe.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
text: raises his pole-axe to a threat position and faces Hagen.
speaker_heading: THE COMBAT
text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: For several seconds the men stalk each other. Then Hagen shifts
text: from right to left hand stance and charges Emmich. Emmich’s
text: shield blocks Hagen’s blow with a shower of sparks. The men
text: resume defense positions, circling each other.
text: Emmich feints a move at Hagen's groin with the forked tip of
text: the axe. Hagen blocks with a blow of his woodsman’s axe against
text: the metal handle of the pole axe. Sparks fly and a chunk of
text: Hagen’s blade is lost.
text: Emmich’s eyes can be seen through the slits of his helmet.
text: Hagen moves before a jeering backdrop of Emmich’s men and
text: attacks again, driving his axe head into Emmich’s shield. As
text: Hagen struggles to free it he ducks a blow from Emmich’s axe.
text: with a huge jerk, Hagen pulls the shield from Emmich’s arm.
text: The momentum sends it flying over the heads of the men like a
text: giant frisbee.
text: Waldemar eases a pike hook into the circle and catches Hagens
text: ankle. He pulls and twists and Hagen goes down.
dialog: 46.
text: Emmich rushes him and swings the axe, burying it in the earth
text: beside Hagen’s face as he rolls away. As Hagen scrambles to
text: his feet, Emmich charges him with the forked end. Hagen backs
text: against a wagon and Emmich drives the pointed tips through the
text: mail of Hagen‘’s shirt and into the wooden side.
text: Emnich draws a dagger and slashes at Hagen while he tries to
text: tear himself free. Finally, Hagen rips the chain mail from his
text: upper body and tears free. He swings at Emmich, and Emmich
text: blocks. Hagen’s wild swings continue until, with an overhead
text: vertical blow, he tries to cut Emmich in half.
text: Emmich’s axe-blade catches the wooden handle of Hagen’s axe and
text: cuts it through. Hagen’s axe~head buries itself in the ground.
text: Hagen now holds only the wooden handle of the axe. Eerie
text: laughter echoes from inside Emmich’s helmet as he stalks Hagen
dialog: for the kill.
text: Hagen takes a stance, holding the axe handle in both hands like
text: a Louisville Slugger. He bobs and weaves on the balls of his
text: feet as Emmich charges and swings. Hagen ducks under the blow.
text: Like seasoned batter, he slams the axe handle into the chin of
text: Emmich’s helmet. The blow resounds with a metallic crunch.
text: Emmich is lifted off his feet and hurled onto his back.
text: For seconds Emmich is motionless, his helmet grotesquely
text: deformed by the force of Hagen’'s blow. As Hagen steps forward,
text: the axe handle poised to finish him, Emmich moves. He struggles
text: to his knees; blood cascades from beneath his chin and wells
text: from the twisted eye slits of the helmet as he raises his head.
text: Gripping the sides of the helmet Emmich makes a sudden desperate
text: attempt to wrestle it off. A blood-choked scream gurgles from
dialog: within.
text: Hagen remains ready to kill until a second agonized scream and
text: sobs are heard from the helmet. Hagen lowers the axe handle
text: and lets it drop to the ground. He turns and Emmich’s men back
text: away, opening a path for him as he walks toward the fires of
dialog: the camp.
text: Ari falls in step with Hagen. He glances around nervously to
text: see if Emmich’s men are following as they head for their tent.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE EMMICH'S TENT - NIGHT
text: A SMITH kneels beside Emmich and with a large cutting tool snips
text: the rivets on Emmich’s helmet. It is carefully pulled away by
text: a SURGEON and his ASSISTANT. Several teeth fall amidst clotted
text: blood from inside. Waldemar gasps as he sees~
speaker_heading: EMMICH’S
text: lower jaw and cheek are smashed to pulp. Emmich senses the
text: extent of his disfigurement in Waldemar's look.
dialog: “
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
dialog: He will die for this, cousin.
text: Tonight in his tent.
text: Waldemar makes the motions of plunging a knife. Emmich speaks,
text: his voice distorted by pain, disfigurement and rage.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: No,...No, death is not enough.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DOCKS OF BARI - NIGHT
text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A forest of masts are reflected in torchlight along the city’s
text: docks as supplies are loaded onto boats.
text: Foot soldiers are marched onto the decks of barges.
text: Cranes swing horses through the air to the decks of livestock
dialog: ships.
scene_heading: EXT. A LIVESTOCK BOAT - NIGHT
text: Hagen stands near a boat where horses are loaded. He walks his
text: horse to a crane and calms her as she is fitted into harness.
text: UNDER THE EAVES OF A BUILDING
text: a short distance away, Emmich stands in the shadows with a.
text: Genoese merchant named VERMI. Emmich's face is barely visible
text: as they speak and watch Hagen.
speaker_heading: VERMI
dialog: The big one.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Is that a problem?
speaker_heading: VERMI
dialog: Not at all.
text: In the background Hagen watches as the mare is lifted by the
text: crane and swung onto the ship.
speaker_heading: . VERMI /
dialog: Five hundred dinarii will see he’s
text: put on the right ship.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Done.”
speaker_heading: VERMI
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: No quibbling over price...wWhat
dialog: did this man do?
dialog: 48.°
text: vermi looks at Emmich who has stepped into the light. His face
text: is hideously scarred. Rough stitches and cuts, the evidence
text: of Medieval trauma surgery still cover his jaw.
speaker_heading: VERMI
dialog: He is the one who?...
text: Vermi gestures vaguely towards his own face.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: (a slight threat)
dialog: Does it matter?
speaker_heading: VERMI
dialog: No. To me it’s just trade.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OPEN SEA - MORNING
text: A small, single masted ship about sixty feet in length runs
text: before an easy breeze over following seas. Islands can be seen
text: in the background.
scene_heading: EXT. ABOARD THE BOAT - MORNING
text: On the mid-deck about thirty monks, mostly young novices, are
text: sprawled in various positions of repose. A few are sick,
text: vomiting over the rail.
text: Valt, the guard from the Abbey, sleeps on a pile of rope with
text: his crossbow nearby.
speaker_heading: HAGEN GAZES
text: from the forecastle. A pair of sullen crewmen tighten a line
text: nearby. Crossing to Ari who is asleep on the deck, Hagen rouses
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Wake up.
text: Ari awakens with a start.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You've made sea voyages before...
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Many,...and let me tell you my
dialog: friend the answer is heavy wine
dialog: and sleep, ..Not standing at the
dialog: rail waiting...
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (cutting him off}
dialog: Quiet. Last night we were
text: surrounded by other ships...Today
dialog: there’s none.
text: Ari digests this. He gets to his feet and looks around. In
text: the background the monks begin singing a shaky madrigal as he
text: searches the horizon which is studded with islands.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Are we lost?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Hopefully.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: {very concerned)
dialog: There are worse things.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Like what?
text: Ari sees something off on the horizon.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Like that.
scene_heading: POV ~- ARI AND HAGEN
text: A lateen rigged. ship slips from behind an island.
speaker_heading: ART
text: stares at the ship with real alarm.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Moslems,...Corsairs!
text: Suddenly the monk’s madrigal is broken off as--
text: THE SAIL OF THE SHIP
text: is lowered onto the deck by the crew.
scene_heading: ARI IMMEDIATELY FIGURES IT OUT
speaker_heading: ARI
text: The crew’s dropping sail. The
dialog: bastards have sold us.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What?
dialog: SQ.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: We've been sold to Moslem slavers.
text: Ari charges to a pile of belongings. He pulls out swords and
text: tosses one to Hagen,
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Our only chance is to take the
dialog: ship. We've got. to try and out
dialog: run them.
text: HAGEN RACES UP TO THE AFTER DECK.
text: Seeing him, a mate grabs a pump handle and slams him in the
text: face, knocking him onto the lower deck. With another sailor,
text: the man jumps him.
text: Hagen hurls one man over the side. The other comes again with
text: the pump handle. Hagen grabs him and slams his skull on the
text: rail, spilling his brains.
text: ARI, SWINGING WILDLY WITH HIS SWORD,
text: drives the crew back from the fallen sail which lies on the
text: deck. The monks react with total confusion. Several try to
text: pray and Ari kicks them.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Off your knees. Grab the lines.
dialog: Raise the sail!
dialog: {to Valt)
dialog: Keep them back!
speaker_heading: VALT
text: cranks a bolt into his crossbow and aims at the crew.
speaker_heading: THE MONKS
text: haphazardly follow Ari’s commands, while valt keeps the crew
text: at bay with his crossbow.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: The lines. Pull! Haul!
text: Monks stumble in every direction.
speaker_heading: THE CORSAIR’S SHIP
text: is approaching fast. The SLAVERS stripped to the waist, some
text: in turbans, stand on the forecastle ready to jump. Others are
text: in the rigging, ready to swing aboard.
speaker_heading: ARI, STRAINS AT
text: the halyard with the monks. Hand over hand, the sail inches
text: up and begins to take wind.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: THE CORSAIRS
text: are now within a hundred feet as the sail fills. The little
text: merchantman heels over and starts to pick up speed.
scene_heading: ARI SCREAMS AT HAGEN
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Steer the ship! Steer the ship!
scene_heading: HAGEN GRABS THE STEERING OAR
text: Having no idea what he’s doing, he pulls it towards him. The
text: ship swings around, the sail flapping wildly. The captain roars
text: with laughter. Hagen grabs him by the neck.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Why are you laughing?
text: He pitches him over the stern rail. Then he shoves the steering
text: oar in the opposite direction. The sail backwinds, gibes and
text: tears away from the mast, falling in on the men below.
text: Valt is knocked down. He recovers his crossbow and aims at the
dialog: Corsair ship as --
text: WILD SCREAMS AND ROARS OF LAUGHTER
text: sound from the slavers as they close on the merchantman.
scene_heading: A TATTOOED BERBER
text: on the bow shouts in some incomprehensible tongue and makes
text: obscene gestures as a bolt from valt’s crossbow thunks into his
dialog: forehead.
scene_heading: HAGEN RUSHES TO
text: fight as the Corsair ship collides with the merchantman and they
text: swarm aboard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SHIPS - DAY
text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A Corsair, swinging to the after-deck, is beheaded by Hagen in
text: mid-air. Others follow, swinging and jumping from the
text: Lateener’s rigging.
text: Ari drags himself from the tangle of sail, sword in hand to see-
text: Corsairs, like a frenzied pack of hyenas, hooting and screaming,
text: herd the defenseless monks with their scimitars.
text: Valt tries to load a bolt as he is clubbed to the deck.
text: Ari, cornered by a hooting mob, simply lowers his sword and they
dialog: grab him.
dialog: ood
dialog: 32.
text: Hagen is surrounded. The slavers taunt and jab at him as he
text: swipes at them with his sword.
text: A huge Berber stalks Hagen with a net while the others distract
text: him. As Hagen lunges at them, the net is thrown. Entangled,
text: Hagen is pulled down ta the deck.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CORSAIR SHIP - NIGHT
text: The BEY of the Corsairs, a huge Turk with facial tattoos,
text: examines his captives. The monks are fettered by their ankles
text: to a long massive chain.
text: HAGEN IS CHAINED
text: apart. His captors eat nearby, obviously proud of their catch.
text: At the Bey’s approach Hagen is prodded with a scimitar. He
text: twists in his chains and the Bey smiles at his men.
text: The Bey then crosses to Ari and Valt who are chained together.
text: As he looks them over--
text: ARI SUDDENLY COMES TO LIFE
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Effendi, Fil isma Al Allah,...It
dialog: is wrong I am enslaved with these
dialog: eaters of pig. I ama believer.
text: The Bey studies him.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: For such a lie you will eat your
text: tongue and lips.
text: The Bey’s bodyguard grabs Ari by the hair and pulls his upper
text: lip as the Bey removes his dagger.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: No. Effendi bey, I was taken
dialog: slave by the Christians. I am
dialog: a Moslem. La Illahu illa Alla.
dialog: I am a hadji, I have been to
dialog: Mecca.
text: The Bey pauses with his knife at Ari’s lip.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: And I have been to Mecca,...A
dialog: piace forbidden to infidels such
dialog: as you.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Effendi, I walked seven times
text: around the Ka’aba and kissed the
dialog: sacred stone,...I drew water from
dialog: the well of zam zam,,..gathered
dialog: (more)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: ARI (Cont'd)
dialog: seven stones at Muzdalifa,...1I
dialog: am a true believer.
text: The Bey reacts to Ari's claim. He pauses with the knife.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: Name the first surah of the Koran.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Al Baqara.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: Recite it.
text: Ari is stuck.
speaker_heading: ARI .
dialog: Effendi Bey, I am a common man,
dialog: not a mullah,
text: The Bey’s knife again comes to his lips.
text: Ari suddenly wrestles with the string that holds his pants and
dialog: they drop. :
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Look! Look at my organ. It is not
dialog: cut according to our faith? Look
text: at this magnificent turbaned head.
dialog: Compare it with the filthy shroud-
dialog: skins of thesé infidels and know
dialog: that I am born to the faith.
text: The Bey stare for a beat at Ari's cock, then smiles and speaks
dialog: to the Guards.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: Unchain him.
text: Ari clasps his hands. Speaking Arabic gratitudes, he kisses
text: the Bey'’s proffered hand.
speaker_heading: HAGEN WATCHES
text: as Ari is unchained and offered food by the Corsairs. He steps
text: past Hagen without a glance.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORT OF JAFFA - DAY
text: amidst a melee of shouting and haranguing, Hagen, Valt and the
text: monks, are driven by whip-bearing SLAVE HANDLERS from the
text: Corsair.ship onto the docks of Jaffa.
text: with liberal use of whips and clubs the new arrivals are forced
text: through a huge barred gate into a waterfront building.
dialog: 54,
scene_heading: EXT. THE SLAVE PENS - DAY
text: The men are herded into the center of a courtyard by guards
text: shouting at them in Arabic.
text: HAGEN LOOKS AROUND.
text: The courtyard is surrounded by cells in which people can be
text: seen, Groups of turbaned men converse as they examine pods of
text: slaves, men of all races who have been brought from the cells
text: into the courtyard for inspection.
text: In one section of the courtyard women sit chained under the
text: shade of thatched eaves. Most are black, a few of them hold
text: small children. A stately tribal woman, ornamented with scars,
text: stands nude while prospective buyers examine her.
text: A WHIP CRACKS ON HAGEN'S
text: back. He spins and leaps at the man but four huge GUARDS beat
text: him back with clubs. Subdued by overwhelming force, he is
text: driven with others toward a row of cells.
scene_heading: INT. THE CELLS - NIGHT
text: Hagen shares a crowded cell with valt and the monks. The
text: evening prayer from a distant mosque blends with the moans and
text: weeping of the slave pens.
text: After several seconds of sitting still, Hagen suddenly yanks
text: at his chains, trying to pull the ring from the wall or break
text: the manacles on his wrists. Valt is watching him.
speaker_heading: VALT
dialog: You are blessed, Hagen. Make God
dialog: deliver us.
text: Hagen says nothing. A MONK chimes in.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: Yes, you bear the sign.
text: A general murmur of appeals begins. Directed at Hagen from ali
dialog: the monks.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Quiet!...Stop your mewling!
text: The monks are silent for a beat then one starts to pray in
text: Latin. Hagen shoves the man down with his foot.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: And stop your damned praying!
text: The monks are silent.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SLAVE COURTYARD - DAY
text: A group of SERVANTS place a heavy table in the center of the
text: courtyard under the supervision of a SURGEON and his ASSISTANT,
text: who are dressed in white but wear red leather aprons.
scene_heading: INT. THE CELL - DAY
text: Hagen watches them through the bars.
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: The surgeon's assistant fans the coals in a small brassiere and
text: places a brass pot over them to boil. The surgeon opens a bag
text: and begins removing knives. Testing the edges, he hones them
text: on a stone. The attendant shoos at several curious chickens
text: that peck around the legs of the table.
text: A short distance away four women knead fresh cow dung while two
text: other unwind and fold rolls of raw cotton. Beside them,
text: servants dig a ditch, like a very shallow grave, in the sand
text: of the courtyard.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. THE CELL - DAY
text: Valt cranes to see as the surgeon and a SLAVE DEALER, who is
text: a well dressed Arab of obvious authority, consult in the
dialog: courtyard.
speaker_heading: VALT
dialog: What are they doing?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I don’t know.
text: The slave dealer sends four guards toward the cell.
speaker_heading: VALT
dialog: (nervous, to the’monks)
dialog: Does any one know what they’re
dialog: doing?
text: The guards enter the cell. Without a word they start unlocking
text: Valt whose confusion quickly mounts to terror. He struggles
text: as he is pulled from the cell.
speaker_heading: VALT
dialog: No,...No.
speaker_heading: HAGEN WATCHES AS
text: Valt is dragged across the courtyard toward the table.
text: VALT IS PULLED DOWN
text: onto the table. His hands are slipped into the pillory above
text: his head. His legs are forced over the edge and strapped to
text: the legs.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: THE MONKS
text: view this with nervous curiosity.
speaker_heading: THE SURGEON
text: steps between Valt’s bare legs and studies his groin for a beat.
text: Then, he reaches down, gently lifts Valt’s genitals, and cuts
text: them away with a curved knife that resembles a linoleum cutter.
text: Valt looses a deep, agonized scream.
scene_heading: INT. THE CELL - DAY
text: Valt'’s continuing cries of agony cut through the cell. As the
text: monks fight their chains, Hagen stares transfixed in horror as-
scene_heading: BLOOD POURS DOWN
text: Valt's thighs and calves onto the dust of the compound, The
text: surgeon's hands plop an indistinguishable mass of bloody flesh
text: into a large clay bowl. With his slippered foot he kicks away
text: a curious dog.
scene_heading: THE SURGEON'S ASSISTANT
text: hands him a glowing cautery which he applies to the veins. Then,
text: in a quick professional move, the assistant swabs valt’s groin
text: with hot oily pitch.
text: A FOUNTAIN OF VOMIT SPEWS FROM VALT’S MOUTH,
text: choking and gagging him as he screams.
speaker_heading: HAGEN STARES
text: through the bars. Behind him the monks are hysterical; bawling,
text: imploring the Lord for mercy now that their fate has become
dialog: obvious.
speaker_heading: VALT IS LIFTED
text: from the table. He twitches, convulsing as he is dragged across
text: the courtyard and laid on a mat by the women. Two of them begin
text: packing his groin with fresh cow dung while the others prepare
text: to wrap him with cotton.
speaker_heading: HAGEN WINDS
text: his wrist-chain several times around his hand. He bellows as
text: with all his strength he tries to break it. Blood runs from
text: his palm. The cell door opens and four GUARDS enter carrying
text: a long staff with a noose of chain. Slipping it over Hagen's
text: neck they twist until they choke him into submission. when he
text: is nearly faint, they pull him from the cell.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: Hagen’s eyes sweep the compound gathering impressionistic
text: images...Chickens peck at the blood beneath the table. The cur
text: sniffs the clay pot containing Valt's manhood. Valt writhes
text: and twists in agony as, wrapped in cotton, he is lowered into
text: the ditch and buried up to his chest.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD - DAY
text: Held by six struggling guards, Hagen twists and fights as he
text: is pulled to the table. Finally again choked to submission by
text: the chain, he is forced down.
scene_heading: THE WOODEN PILLORY
text: locks over his wrist.
scene_heading: HIS LEGS ARE SPREAD
text: and his ankles strapped to the heavy legs of the table.
text: THE SURGEON LOOKS ON
text: with totally professional calm, sharpening his knife as;
speaker_heading: HAGEN'S PANTS
text: are pulled away. He writhes and the heavy table groans with
text: stress as more restraints are put on him.
text: The surgeon wipes the knife clean with a white cloth.
scene_heading: THE ASSISTANT LIFTS
text: the boiling pitch from the fire and places the swab in it. He
text: lifts the cautery which glows red. All is ready.
scene_heading: HAGEN ROARS AS THE SURGEON
text: steps between his legs and looks down at his genitals,
scene_heading: HAGRN TWISTS HIS HEAD
text: against the vomit slick table top. He looks down as-
speaker_heading: THE SURGEON
text: gently lifts the genitalia and lowers the knife. Suddenly there
text: is a shout from OFF SCREEN in Arabic. The surgeon pauses and
text: looks around.
speaker_heading: HAGEN STRAINS
text: to turn his head to the side. He sees...
dialog: 5B.
speaker_heading: A GROUP OF MEN
text: in Arab clothes approach. On’of them is Ari who is talking a 4
dialog: mile a minute.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Don’t you understand? I serve the
dialog: Emir Ibn Khaldun. He has heard
dialog: of this man, of his size, his
dialog: strength,
text: The slave dealer argues with Ari.
speaker_heading: SLAVE DEALER
dialog: But the Emir must understand...
text: They have stepped close to the table. Ari takes a quick look
text: at Hagen’s crotch with obvious relief.
speaker_heading: SLAVE DEALER
dialog: ...this man’s fate was sealed in
dialog: Genoa,...Our merchant there was
text: handsomely paid by a French noble
dialog: to have him rendered a eunuch
dialog: before being sold.
speaker_heading: . ARI
dialog: You tell me that some deceit made
dialog: between Infidels in Genoa, is to
dialog: be honored over the wishes of a
dialog: Moslem Prince?
speaker_heading: SLAVE DEALER
dialog: No, but...
text: HAGEN TWISTS HIS HEAD
text: to follow Ari as he walks around the table inspecting him.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: The Emir seeks a stallion not a
dialog: gelding. I am sent from
dialog: Jerusalem, to purchase this man
text: intact.
text: The slave dealer glances down at Hagen. He walks slowly around
text: the table followed by Ari. The surgeon and his assistant stand
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: SLAVE DEALER
dialog: (shrugs agreement)
dialog: As you say, why honor an agreement
dialog: made between infidels.
text: Ari gives Hagen a secret wink then turns to the slave dealer
text: and removes a purse from this belt.
dialog: =~
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: ARI
text: A purse of Turkish Gold.
text: The slave dealer extends his hand. His finger tip lightly
text: touches the bottom of the purse, weighing it.
speaker_heading: SLAVE DEALER
dialog: Double this and he’s yours.
speaker_heading: ARI
text: An outrage. Roll him away from
dialog: his balls.
text: Ari turns on his heel and@ starts away. Hagen reacts with a
text: shout. “No!” The slave dealer pursues Ari.
speaker_heading: HAGEN CRANES
text: to see them where they argue a short distance away.
scene_heading: ARI AND THE SLAVE DEALER
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Tell me a price that's not an
dialog: insult...
speaker_heading: SLAVE DEALER
dialog: I must be compensated. I will
dialog: have discord from the Genoese.
text: Ari extends the purse.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: This for the slave...
text: Two gold coins appear like magic in the fingers of Ari’s hand.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: And these for your discord,
text: The slave dealer shrugs a grudging acceptance,
speaker_heading: HAGEN,
text: seeing the slave dealer and Ari exchanging “Salaams” heaves a
text: huge sigh of relief.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SLAVE PENS ~ DAY
text: Surrounded by guards, Hagen follows Ari to a cart in front of
text: the slave pens. He looks up to see AMBU, a huge African with
text: tribal scars looking down at him suspiciousiy.
text: Ambu signals him into the cart. Hagen climbs up and Ambu
text: indicates a pile of straw where Hagen settles. Ari climbs up
text: beside an Arab driver and signals him to go.
speaker_heading: THE CART ROLLS
dialog: 60.
text: away from the slave pens. The HORRIBLE CRY of another eunuch
text: rends the air.
speaker_heading: ” HAGEN
text: looks back as the wagon carries him off.
scene_heading: EXT. A WELL OUTSIDE THE TOWN - DAY
text: The driver waters the cart horses. Ari turns and speaks to
dialog: Ambu.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Ambu, get water for the Frank.
text: Ambu doesn’t seem to like the idea, but he does as ordered.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: {indicating Ambu}
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Ambu, the chief slave of Emir Ibn
dialog: Khaldun’s guard. He will be your
dialog: trainer.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: My trainer?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: You'll be trained for the personal
text: body guard.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I’m not going to be a slave.
speaker_heading: ARI :
dialog: Try to appreciate what I‘ve done.
dialog: My uncle is counselor to Ibn
dialog: Khaldun. With great effort I
dialog: persuaded him to buy you.
text: Hagen glares at Ari.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: All I need is a horse and sword.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: What chance would you have? You’re
dialog: a Frank in the Moslem world.
dialog: They’d have you back in the slave
text: pens before the morning cock
dialog: crows. This time they’d...
text: Ari hooks his finger and makes a gesture of castrating Hagen.
text: Ari speaks quickly as Ambu returns from the well.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: The Crusaders have besieged
dialog: Antioch. When it falls they’1l
dialog: March on Jerusalem. Then there
dialog: will be a chance for escape. For
dialog: now, put your faith in Allah the
dialog: merciful and compassionate and
dialog: try to behave.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Allah? Are you really a Moslem?
text: Ari speaks quickly as Ambu reaches the wagon.
speaker_heading: ARI
text: I blend with my surroundings.
dialog: You should do the same.
text: Ambu puts a bucket of water in front of Hagen. He makes a
text: gesture of drinking. Hagen glares at him for a beat then cups
text: his hand and drinks.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD ~ DUSK
text: The wagon rumbles along a pitted road under the blistering sun.
text: Parched and sweaty, Hagen faces backwards. Ambu turns around
text: and speaks to him.
speaker_heading: AMBU
dialog: Christian, behold the holy city
dialog: of al-Quds, sacred to all Muslims.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What do I care?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: I believe you infidels call it
dialog: Jerusalem.
text: Now Hagen is interested. He turns and stands to get a good
dialog: view.
scene_heading: HAGEN’S POV: JERUSALEM
text: The small city covers a hilltop in a landscape of barren and
text: rocky terrain. Minarets soar above the stone battlements. The
text: setting sun reflects off the Dome of the Rock.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: continues to stare, unexpectedly affected, as the cart trundles
text: down the road toward the distant city.
scene_heading: EXT, THE STREETS OF JERUSALEM - NIGHT
text: By night the torchlit streets swarm with life. The city is a
dialog: true melange of three faiths.
dialog: 62.
text: A MUEZZIN calls the evening prayer from a minaret. Faithful
text: MOSLEMS kneel on prayer rugs. Hagen gazes from the cart as they
text: pass the WAILING WALL where JEWS stand and pray.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Jews can worship here?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Of course. Christians as well.
text: Ari points to an ancient church with a strange dome shaped like
dialog: a fool‘s cap.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Here is the church where the True
dialog: Cross is kept. Does it not look
dialog: familiar...
dialog: {turns to Hagen)
dialog: Like in a dream?
text: As Hagen gazes up at the famous church, a candle~bearing
text: procession of ORTHODOX MONKS crosses their path, led by
text: THEODOSIUS, a long-bearded patriarch. For an instant, the
text: piercing eyes of Theodosius fix on Hagen as though he knows him
dialog: from another time and place.
text: Hagen studies the old monk, troubled by a sense of deja-vu.
scene_heading: EXT. A JERUSALEM STREET ~- EMIR IBN KHALDUN‘S PALACE - NIGHT
text: The cart enters a small courtyard teeming with activity. Horses
text: are groomed and tended. A spitted lamb is turned over an open
text: fire. Goats mill in pens awaiting slaughter. Ropes, hung with
text: clothes, crisscross above. Most of the people are Africans.
text: Their laughter, the chant of women pounding millet flour, and
text: the general tone suggests a native village.
scene_heading: TWO AFRICAN GUARDS,
text: approaching Ambu in stature, greet Ambu. Hagen is beckoned down
text: from the wagon and they look him over, joking with Ambu in their
dialog: native tongue.
text: Ari is called by his Uncle YACUB, an elderly man who stands on
text: a balcony above.
speaker_heading: YACUB
dialog: Ari,...
text: Ari whispers to Hagen.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: My uncle is calling me to the
dialog: palace. . .
dialog: (his looks plead)
dialog: Don't make trouble, they’11 whip
dialog: you.
dialog: 63.
text: Ari moves away and Hagen is led toward the slave quarters.
scene_heading: EXT. A PALACE STAIRWAY ~ NIGHT
text: Ari climbs a short flight of stairs to where his uncle is
text: waiting. His uncle looks down as Hagen is led inside.
speaker_heading: YACUB
dialog: What did you pay for him?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Using the skills you taught me,
dialog: t paid only a just price.
text: Knowing Ari’s cons, his uncle rolls his eyes and turns away.
speaker_heading: YACUB
dialog: God forbid your Frank escapes.
dialog: Zit will be our necks.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: I have spoken with him. He is
dialog: content and willing to serve.
scene_heading: INT. IBN KHALDUN’S SLAVE QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: with a sudden explosion of force, Hagen snatches the lead chain
text: from Ambu's guard. The other guard tries to grab him and Hagen
text: slams him back against the wall. But he makes no attempt to
text: run. Facing Ambu, who looms in front of him ready to take him
text: on, Hagen speaks reasonably.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I won't be led like a dog. Point
dialog: the way, I‘il follow.
text: Ambu motions the guards back and beckons Hagen to follow. They
text: start down a hallway.
text: Ambu unlocks a barred door. Hagen enters a hallway with rooms
text: along the sides. Slaves and their families live here. Food
text: is cooked in the hall, babies ery and curious children peer from
text: the doorways.
text: A pair of African women stare curiously at Hagen, sharing joke
dialog: in their native tongue.
text: Hagen is led to a small room with no door. Ambu whispers to
text: the men and they remove Hagen’s chains. Ambu then points to
text: the room and with his palms clasped, make a gesture of sleep.
text: Hagen nods and enters.
scene_heading: INT. HAGEN’S ROOM ’- NIGHT
text: Hagen crosses to a bed made of woven mat and sits down. He
text: gazes up at the window. A crescent moon shines through the
text: bars. The vague sound of music and a girl’s laughter drifts
text: to Hagen's solitude from somewhere in the palace.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. IBN KHALDUN'S PALACE - DAY
text: CLOSE ON: A SMALL TREE MADE OF JEWELS AND JADE.
text: Countless mechanical birds, rendered in enamels and precious
text: gems, bob and move on their perches as they sing.
speaker_heading: A CARACAL CAT
text: with an emerald studded collar watches the birds with its large
text: green eyes while a delicate feminine hand strokes its head.
text: A camera move reveals a BEAUTIFUL GIRL in her mid-twenties who
text: strokes the animal. Her large liquid eyes gazing languidly from
text: behind a silken veil. .
scene_heading: THE TREE OF BIRDS
text: stands on a small table attended by an elegantly attired Nubian
text: boy of perhaps ten. AL~AFDAL, a somewhat fey courtier in
text: Damascene dress, stands to one side displaying the gift for the
text: benefit of the girl and her father IBN KHALDUN.
speaker_heading: AL~AFDAL
dialog: Dugag lives in the hope this gift
dialog: will entertain you and your
dialog: daughter.
text: Seated beside his daughter on a divan that overlooks a
text: magnificent garden, Ibn Khaldun is perhaps sixty. His
text: expression reflects wisdom graced with humor. His dress is
text: simple, yet elegant, subtle colors rendered in the finest cloth.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: A lovely gift, is it not, Leila?
text: LEILA nods a tacit agreement. Al-Afdal steps forward and opens
text: the ivory and gold covers of a small painting that depicts a
text: ruler of obese dimensions, seated on a jewel encrusted throne.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: It is clever. But I prefer the
dialog: songs of real birds; songs meant
dialog: to.inspire happiness and not
dialog: obligation.
text: Al-Afdal seems slightly stung, but covers. He speaks as he
text: places the portrait on a small table facing Leila.
speaker_heading: AL-AFDAL
dialog: Keep this likeness that you may
dialog: know Dugag. That you take even
dialog: the slightest pleasure in his
dialog: humble gift will give him great
dialog: joy.
text: Al-Afdal salaams and leaves. Leila snatches away her veil and
text: kicks the miniature portrait onto the floor. Her anger only
text: enhances her disturbing beauty.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: I have seen subtler rejections.
speaker_heading: LEILA
text: Dugag is a slug. His amorous
dialog: intentions are an insult. I
dialog: wouldn’t marry the man if he sent
dialog: me the pyramids.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: Dugaq rules only Damascus. The
dialog: pyramids would have to come from
dialog: the caliph of Cairo.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: He’s equally loathsome. Don’t
dialog: encourage him.
text: Khaldun smiles at her.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: And whom should I encourage?
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: When I know, you'll know.
scene_heading: INT. IBN KHALDUN’S PALACE - DUSK
text: Hagen, cleaned up and wearing baggy Arab style pants and a silk
text: vest, walks with Ari and Ambu through a beautiful tiled
dialog: courtyard,
text: His eyes scan the graceful beauty of Khaldun’s palace. As they
text: pass an alabaster fountain they are watched by a magnificent
text: Argus pheasant in full display.
scene_heading: INT. IBN KHALDUN’S OFFICES - NIGHT
text: Hagen enters with Ari and Ambu. The room is large and filled
text: with shelves of books. Ari‘s uncle is gazing through a bronze
text: instrument for measuring the positions of stars at an open
text: window. He approaches and looks Hagen up and down.
speaker_heading: YACUB
dialog: He has an odd smell. Do they
dialog: bathe?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Not as often as we, uncle.
text: Ibn Khaldun enters. Ari, Yacub and Ambu salaam at his approach.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: My Lord, this is the Frank,...He
dialog: is called Hagen.
text: Yacub notes that Hagen makes no move.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: YACUB
dialog: Bow to your master, the emir Ibn
dialog: Khaldun, Lord of this palace.
text: Hagen manages a sullen barely noticeable nod as Ibn Khaldun
text: faces him.
speaker_heading: IBN KHATLDUN
dialog: I‘m told you were part of the
text: Christian army that now invades
dialog: our lands.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Pressed into arms, my lord. He
dialog: had no choice.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: Let him speak. I would have al-
dialog: Hagen tell what drives these men.
dialog: Is it truly a war about shrines?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: For a few.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: And for you?
text: Hagen stares at Ibn Khaldun for a beat.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I came for the gold that hangs
dialog: around your neck.
text: Ibn Khaldun smiles, but Yacub reacts with offense.
speaker_heading: YACUB
dialog: Barbarian, you'll feel the whip
dialog: for speaking thus to your emir!
text: Yacub snaps his fingers, signaling a guard forward.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: No, Yacub. I prefer a man who
text: states his mind over one who’s
text: been whipped into skillful deceit.
dialog: (to Ambu)
dialog: Have his training begin at once.
text: Ambu salaams an Hagen makes a half-hearted effort. They leave.
speaker_heading: YACUB
dialog: You trust this creature?
speaker_heading: : IBN KHALDUN
dialog: Not yet, but perhaps I will.
dialog: ae
scene_heading: EXT. IBN KHALDUN’S PALACE - A COURTYARD - DAY
text: Hagen stands in a courtyard wearing only a loin cloth, Ambu
text: hands him a Masai spear and a shield of rhino hide.
text: He fits the shield over Hagen’s arm and gives him the spear.
text: Ambu arms himself with the same weapons. Facing Hagen he drums
text: the spear against the shield, making an alarming noise that ends
text: with a wild shout. He indicates that Hagen should try the same,
text: Hagen drums awkwardly on the shield and shouts. Ambu laughs.
text: Muttering in his own language, he adjusts Hagen’s hold on the
text: spear and gestures him to try again.
scene_heading: INT. IBN KHALDUN’S PALACE - A CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The tingling of bangles and the whisper of bare feet on marble
text: floors announce the appearance of Leila and her slave SHEBA,
text: a lovely Ethiopian. They stop at a cormer and shush each other.
text: Peering around, Sheba sees a BLACK EUNUCH, dozing against the
text: opposite wall.
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: Shhhh, the eunuch is almost
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Why should I sneak from the harem
dialog: to see a slave? Why is he so
dialog: special?
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: You must see him. These Franks
dialog: are a race of giants.
text: Sheba checks the Eunuch who has begun to snore. Stifling
text: giggles the girls sneak past and race up a flight of stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. KHALDUN’S PALACE - A COURTYARD - DAY
text: The spear rattles against Ambu's shield.
text: Facing him, Hagen too has mastered the spear rattle.
text: AMBU, increases the pitch, then with a wild scream charges.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: blocks the charge and swings at aAmbu, who leaps, raising both
text: feet to allow the spear to swish underneath. He brings the
text: spear down and-Hagen blocks it, then leaps back. Now Hagen
text: faces him, rattling his own spear against the shield.
scene_heading: INT. A TOWER ROOM - DAY :
text: Leila stands beside Sheba, gazing down at Hagen through an
text: ornately latticed window.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: See, a monster.
text: THE COMBAT TRAINING
text: Hagen charges, feints and trips Ambu. As Ambu goes down, he
text: vaults on his hands and kicks Hagen with the soles of both feet.
text: Hagen falls in a cloud of dust. He rises and Ambu throws down
text: his shield and spear. A short charge and they are locked in
text: a wrestling grip, pitting their strength, one against the other.
text: Hagen gets a leg behind Ambu and throws him down.
text: Both men laugh as Hagen extends a hand and helps him up.
speaker_heading: LEILA,
text: peers intently at Hagen.
speaker_heading: HAGEN AND AMBU
text: step under a shade and are handed buckets by other slaves. Hagen
text: dumps water over his body and pulls away his loin cloth to wash
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: LEILA AND SHEBA,
text: faces pressed to the window, exchange a brief glance and stifle
text: the urge to giggle.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: Now rinses himself with another bucket. As he towels off, his
text: look goes to the tower window.
scene_heading: POV HAGEN - THE TOWER
text: Leila and Sheba are unaware that their silhouettes are visible
text: in the backlight.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: gazes hard, his eyes climbing the silhouetted form of Leila
text: until he meets her gaze.
scene_heading: LEILA’S LARGE EYES
text: stare back at him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN'S
text: expression softens.
text: LEILA MOVES SUDDENLY BACK
text: as if Hagen's look carried some kind of electrical charge. Sheba
text: looks at her curiously.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: What?
text: Leila stares ahead, lost ina whirlwind of forbidden thoughts.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: remains staring as Leila's figure disappears into the shadows
text: of the tower. He ventures a trace of a smile.
text: EXT, A BATTLEGROUND - OUTSIDE THE WALLS OF ANTIOCH - DUSK
text: The siege is over. The city has fallen to the Crusaders. Fires
text: burn along the battlements. Mounted knights thunder past rows
text: of stakes set outside the walls upon which Moslems are impaled.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE: ANTIOCH.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREETS OF ANTIOCH - DAY
text: Common soldiers rage through streets looting the houses in
dialog: search of food.
text: A group of soldiers wander a deserted market place. Violent
text: fighting breaks out as they search desperately through empty
text: wheat bins.
text: Foot soldiers fight over a half empty bag of grain. One
text: bludgeons the other and takes the bag, stuffing raw grain into
text: his mouth before others can take it away. Another scoops up
text: a rat from inside a grain barrel and runs with it before the
dialog: other can take it away.
text: In the streets a pack of feral dogs feed on the rotting corpse
text: of a woman. Suddenly a group of soldiers emerge from a side
text: street. Seeing the pack of dogs the soldiers rush them. One
text: is cornered and caught by the soldiers. He is held, yelping
text: in terror as they begin butchering him.
scene_heading: FXT. ATOP THE WALLS OF ANTIOCH - DAY
text: Emmich and Waldemar walk above a courtyard where pathetic groups
text: of Moslem women and children huddle around small fires.
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
dialog: A city stripped of food...Our
dialog: victory feast will be on jackal
text: and carrion crow.
text: Emmich looks down as several women, some with infants in their
text: arms, extend their hands and beg for food.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: I see no shortage of meat in
dialog: Antioch. I see ewes that carry
text: ample flesh and-tender lambs still
text: fattening at the nipple.
dialog: 70.
text: waldemar almost laughs at the absurdity of the idea.
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
dialog: The Moslem civilians?
speaker_heading: ; EMMICH
text: Cut into strips, salted and
dialog: dried,...who would know or care?
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
dialog: Godfrey would care.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
text: While Godfrey waits on the coast
dialog: for grain ships a starving army
dialog: will prefer my stew to his
dialog: promises.
text: Waldemar gazes down into the courtyard then he looks at Emmich
text: and shrugs. “Why not?’
scene_heading: EXT. THE CRUSADER CAMP - DUSK
text: Steam wafts from huge pots of stew that boil over cook fires
text: as the hungry men of the crusader army wait in restless lines
text: to-be fed. Order is maintained by club-wielding sergeants.
text: THROUGH THE SMOKE OF THE COOK FIRES
text: Godfrey, among a group of mounted knights, returns from his
text: mission to find food. They are weary and filthy with the dirt
text: of travel. A few camels trail them with sacks of grain.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
text: catches the scent drifting from the stew pots. He exchanges
text: a look with his men and rides ahead.
text: A STEW POT IS STIRRED.
text: As a ladle is lifted to serve a crowd of soldiers a human
text: jawbone is visible, surfacing for an instant from the depths
dialog: of the gruel.
speaker_heading: GODFREY,
text: looking into the pot covers his mouth, fighting a sudden wave
dialog: of nausea.
scene_heading: INT. A BURNED-OUT BYZANTINE CHURCH - DAY
text: Church bells CLANG sourly. CLOSE ON A GOLD CROSS in shafts of
text: sunlight gliding through clouds of incense smoke. It tops a
text: staff carried by the Hermit Monk who leads a procession of
text: Crusader knights to an altar.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR (V.O.)}
dialog: Antioch, wherein preached St.
dialog: Peter and St. Paul, is restored
dialog: to Christ.
text: Godfrey in chain armor walks at the lead with a handful of his
text: men. Emmich is immediately behind with Ivo and Waldemar. They
text: are followed by a congregation of knights.
text: Adhemar stands before the makeshift altar. Icons have been set
text: up over Arab calligraphy that can still be’ seen on the walls.
text: He faces the assemblage of knights who have reached the front
dialog: of the church.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Months of siege are now rewarded
dialog: by peace and the restoration of
dialog: order. Let us now pray for
dialog: further victories.
text: Godfrey rises.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: Bishop! How can our prayers be
dialog: answered until we purge ourselves
dialog: of those who have committed
dialog: heinous sins.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Count Godfrey, this is not the
dialog: time nor place for such
dialog: declarations.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: I believe God has limits to what
dialog: he allows in his name. What he
dialog: has done to innocent civilians...
text: Godfrey points at Emmich.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: ...He must be disavowed of his
text: oaths and cast from this crusade.
text: There is a chorus of “No’s” from the knights and from the rank
text: and file. Baldwin of Chartres steps forward.
speaker_heading: BALDWIN
dialog: Without Emmich we'd have starved.
text: Sensing the support of those gathered, including knights like
text: Baldwin formerly loyal to Godfrey, Emmich faces his accuser.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Can you deny that cruel acts are
dialog: a fact of war?
dialog: (more)
dialog: am
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: EMMICH (Cont'd)
dialog: We ravage lands and leave death
dialog: and destruction, yet we are
dialog: favored with victory. Is it not
dialog: proof that because our goal is
dialog: just, the Lord forgives our
dialog: actions?
text: There are shouts from the men “Yes!...The Lord
dialog: forgives,...Emmich has fought bravely!” Godfrey pushes to
dialog: Adhemar.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: (whispers)
text: Denounce his savagery. Cast him
dialog: from us.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: We can’t afford to lose him. We
dialog: can't afford to fail.
text: Adhemar raises his hand to quiet the men.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Silence. The Lord alone will
dialog: judge us...If we restore Jerusalem
dialog: to his kingdom, God will forgive
dialog: what we have done for his cause.
text: Cheers. Emmich turn with his fist raised and shouts.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Hear that, men? Whatever we do
dialog: he'll forgive us!
text: Adhemar turns, avoiding Godfrey’s look, and resumes the mass.
text: From cheers and shouts of “Death to the Moslem filth,” the
text: knights go to bendec knees and muttered prayers.
scene_heading: INT. THE GOVERNOR’S BATHS ~ JERUSALEM - DAY
text: In a magnificent tiled courtyard the elite of Jerusalem relax
text: beside the pool where they have bathed. Servants attend them
text: with offerings of fruit and delicacies.
text: ZRTTRHAR, the mousy little governor of Jerusalem, paces before
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: IFTIKHAR
dialog: ...I have twenty thousand Askaris
dialog: to defend the walls, and at
dialog: Antioch they had twice that
dialog: number.
text: DJARVAT, thin and dark with intense burning eyes, stands beside
text: the pool, draped in the black robes of a fundamentalist mullah.
text: He listens as Iftikhar speaks.to Ibn Khaldun.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: IFTIKHAR
dialog: Emir Khaldun, you are skilled in
dialog: warfare. Advise us. Draft a plan
dialog: for. our defense.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: Find a means to slaughter these
dialog: infidels before their stench
dialog: defiles our shrines.
text: Ibn Khaldun smiles at Djarvat's fiery rhetoric.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: Our horsemen and archers are
dialog: superior to theirs. If it is to
dialog: be a battle we should meet them
text: in the field.
speaker_heading: IFTIKHAR
dialog: But the cost of mounting such a
dialog: force...
text: AKIVA, an elderly Rabbi, speaks from among a group of Jewish
dialog: elders.
speaker_heading: AKIVA
dialog: The people of Jerusalem cannot
dialog: bear the burden of more taxes.
text: There is some disgruntled mumbling among the gathering. -Djarvat
text: crosses toward a repuisive, elephantine pudding of a man who
text: reclines near a large tray of sweets. He is DUQAQ of Damascus,
text: and his portrait did not begin to suggest his depravity. His
text: retainer al-Afdal stands nearby.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: Our gracious friend Dugag commands
text: an army of horsemen and
text: archers...Only a day’s ride away.
text: Dugaq licks a sweet from his fingers as he faces Djarvat.
speaker_heading: DUQAQ
dialog: The soldiers of Damascus are only
dialog: for the defense of Damascus.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: The pillage of Moslem shrines by
dialog: infidels means nothing to you?
speaker_heading: DUQAQ
dialog: (a smug smile)
dialog: Djarvat, as you mullahs are fond
dialog: of reminding me, I am not a pious
dialog: man. : :
dialog: (more)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: DUQAQ (Cont'd)
dialog: (he searches for another
dialog: sweet as he speaks)
dialog: But there is something that might
dialog: entice me to defend Jerusalem.
dialog: Emir Khaldun knows of my desire.
text: The men exchange glances as if caught by a riddle.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: He means my daughter, Leila.
speaker_heading: IFTIKHAR
dialog: Then give her, and blessed by the
dialog: union.
text: The others chime in. “Yes, give him the girl.”
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: I have promised my daughter that
dialog: in marriage her will is to be her
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: No woman's will is her own.
text: Dugaq appears insulted. There is a general grumbling from those
dialog: assembled. .
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: For a daughter‘s pride are we to
dialog: bear desecration of our faith?
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: Christians coming to pray will
dialog: not desecrate Islam. We should
dialog: examine the possibility of a
dialog: truce.
speaker_heading: IFTIKHAR
dialog: These are barbarians. War is
dialog: inevitable.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: of the wars I've fought none were
dialog: inevitable, ...All were
dialog: regrettable.
text: Ibn Khaldun faces the others and continues.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: We of this city are wise in the
dialog: skills of negotiation and
dialog: compromise. We have played
dialog: conquerors before, ...as others
dialog: play chess.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN (Cont'd)
dialog: These Christians are exhausted
dialog: by their long struggies, weakened
text: by their journey, beset with
dialog: quarrels and intrigues,...I say
dialog: we meet them and offer peace.
speaker_heading: IFTIKHAR
dialog: Let them enter the city without
dialog: a fight?
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: Enter unarmed as pilgrims, to
dialog: worship. By the Prophet's law,
dialog: all faiths worship here.
speaker_heading: AKIVA
dialog: ...We are all the children of
dialog: Abraham. We Jews support an
dialog: effort for peace.
text: Djarvat laughs out loud in mockery.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: You Jews will die with this coward
dialog: by the same Christian sword. Allah
dialog: calls for victory, not compromise
dialog: with infidels.
text: Djarvat and his following walk away. There is a beat of silence
text: then Iftikhar speaks.
speaker_heading: IFTIKHAR .
dialog: Go, Ibn Khaldun,...Save us if you
dialog: ean.
scene_heading: INT. THE SLAVE QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: In his small room, Hagen lies on his bed awake. A breeze stirs,
text: and he hears a girl’s laughter. He turns, trying to settle into
text: sleep, but the creak of a door hinge moving in the wind
text: distracts him. After a few seconds, he rises.
text: Stepping to the door, Hagen looks down a hallway and sees...
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: The barred door to the outside is open. It moves lightly in
dialog: the breeze.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: stares for a beat then ducks back into his room. He pulls on
text: his pants, removes a make-shift rope from his mattress and
text: stuffs it in his shirt.
dialog: 
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: EXT. A COURTYARD NEAR THE STABLES - NIGHT
text: Hagen exits the slave quarters and moves through the shadows.
text: After glancing up at the walls surrounding the slave compound,
text: he climbs a tree and onto a roof.
scene_heading: EXT, THE PALACE ROOF - NIGHT
text: Pigeons flutter nervously, a few break into flight as Hagen
text: passes a huge loft.
text: Hagen looks toward a far wall which overlooks the landscape
text: surrounding the city. He moves over the confusion of parapets
text: and corbeled roofs that make up the palace.
text: His foot dislodges a section of brick that falls into a
text: courtyard. He freezes then moves on.
text: He moves along a ledge under a series of windows.
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: Hagen's view is directly down into the harem; the night is warm
text: and three beautiful odalisques, nearly nude, sleep on divans .
text: around a fountain. A small antelope wanders among them nibbling
text: left-overs from trays of fruit.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: momentarily loses his drive to escape as he gazes at the
text: sleeping forms. He moves to another window a short distance
text: away and peers in.
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: Leila, beneath a silken gauze, lies asleep on her bed in the
text: middle of a room of white marble inlaid with precious stones.
text: The image is like a Persian miniature of arresting sensual
dialog: beauty.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: is caught. He stares at Leila captivated.
speaker_heading: LEILA
text: sighs and turns in her sleep as she dreams. Her small delicate
text: hands caress her shoulders, then she is still again.
speaker_heading: HAGEN SEES
text: a small balcony on a lower level that opens into’ Leila’s room.
text: After a moment of indecision, he climbs down a ledge and makes
text: his way towards it. When he reaches it he peers inside.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: ANGLE - LEILA'S ROOM
text: The bed is empty. As Hagen’s eyes search the room, Leila’s face
text: suddenly appears from behind a curtain directly in front of him.
text: Her dark eyes stare into his.
text: Hagen’s eyes quickly scan her body then return to her face.
text: His eyes lock on hers and for seconds neither moves. She
text: studies him quickly as though committing his face to her memory.
text: Then she slowly closes a shutter that separates them.
text: Hagen is tempted to reach forward and tear away the flimsy
text: ornately carved wood, but instead he backs away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF - NIGHT
text: Climbing to the edge of the palace, Hagen gazes out at the
text: freedom which lies beyond. A length of his makeshift rope
text: dangles from his shirt as he ponders escape. The wind stirs
text: his hair and his gaze is drawn back toward Leila’s room.
scene_heading: ANGLE LEILA’S BALCONY WINDOW
text: Two large eyes watch Hagen.
scene_heading: INT. THE SLAVE QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Hagen re-enters the slave quarters and walks toward his room.
scene_heading: INT. HAGEN’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Hagen hurls himself down on his bed. For several seconds he
text: lays on his back staring at the ceiling, then he rolls over and
text: faces the wall trying to shut Leila out of his thoughts.
text: As he tries for sleep a small hand gently touches his shoulder.
text: Hagen turns quickly and sees--
speaker_heading: SHEBA
text: Leila's slave is smiling at him. Hagen is dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: Al-Hagen, the princess Leila sent
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The princess sent you?...
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: Yes,...to be with you...she says
dialog: you are lonely. -That you wander
text: like a tomcat in the night. Is
dialog: it not so? .
text: Hagen can't believe his eyes.. She is like a vision.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: I am Sheba. I am an odalisque.
text: Hagen doesn’t know the word. Sheba laughs lightly.
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: I am schooled in the way of
dialog: pleasure, al-Hagen. The princess
dialog: knows that I too am sometimes very
dialog: lonely...And she has curiosity
dialog: about you.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Curiosity?
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: It is only through me that she
dialog: can know of men,...by what I say
dialog: of the way you feel,...
text: Sheba begins touching Hagen’s body.
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: Of your strength,...Are you sorry
dialog: she has curiosity about you?
text: Hagen reaches out and touches her bare arm with his fingertips.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No.
text: Sheba smiles.
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: May I stay with you? If you send
dialog: me away the princess will weep.
dialog: . HAGEN ;
dialog: And if you stay, she will be
dialog: happy .
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: Yes. She would hear of our
dialog: pleasure and rejoice in it.
speaker_heading: HAGEN .
dialog: You people are very different from
dialog: us. .
speaker_heading: : SHEBA
dialog: Perhaps not so different as you
dialog: think. : :
dialog: ~1
speaker_heading: oO
text: He draws Sheba’s face to his own and gives her a gentle kiss.
text: Her hands begin a sensual caressing of his body that immediately
text: arouses his desire.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ENTRANCE COURTYARD - DAY
text: The courtyard is filled with tumultuous activity. On one side,
text: Ibn Khaldun’s MILITARY COLOR GUARD has assembled on horseback,
text: surrounded by silken flags covered with Arabic scripture.
text: On the other side, preparations for a CARAVAN are also underway.
text: Horses and camels are saddled and loaded with supplies. A
text: Sumptuous litter (howdah) is strapped to the back of a camel.
text: Ambu preps ten of Ibn Khaldun‘s guards for the journey.
scene_heading: INT. A STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Hagen finishes putting on his uniform as he approaches the
text: bustling courtyard. He sees Ari standing by a column and stands
text: beside him, looking straight ahead.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: ARI
text: The Crusade is marching on
dialog: Jerusalem.
text: Hagen nods toward the opulent howdah where Ibn Khaldun, wearing
text: light armor, helps Leila inside.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Where is he sending the princess?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: To his brother’s estate near
text: Nablus. Dugag of Demascus still
dialog: wants her as his wife. Ibn
text: Khaldun fears she might be taken
text: while he is away.
text: Ari takes Hagen aside and speaks in a whisper.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: I persuaded him that you should
dialog: be part of the guard. You know
dialog: what that means?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Escape.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I ask that you first deliver her
dialog: to safety,...The man trusts me.
text: Deceiving him does not come easy.
text: Hagen nods agreement.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Then ride North. It’s said the
dialog: Crusaders now cover the land like
dialog: locusts. :
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: I am to be part of Ibn Khaldun’s
dialog: peace mission to the Crusaders.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Peace mission? He's a fool.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: ...He's a victim of noble
dialog: character.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: And when his noble character gets
dialog: him killed, what about you?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: (brightens)
dialog: With you on one side and me on
dialog: the other, how can we lose? -- Good
dialog: luck, Hagen.
text: Ari grabs him and gives him a kiss. Hagen hugs him back, not
dialog: fighting it.
scene_heading: EXT. A TRAIL INTO THE MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: The small caravan of twenty horses winds up a trail leaving
text: Jerusalem in the background. Hagen, wearing the Islamic style
text: armor, rides among ten mounted guards with Ambu at the lead.
text: Four camels are at the center of the caravan. Two are pack
text: animals; one carries a large cage of homing pigeons; and the
text: fourth carries the howdah in which Leila rides with Sheba.
scene_heading: HAGEN CANTERS UP
text: from the rear and rides alongside the howdah.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOWDAH - DAY
text: Through a gap in the tapestries that cover the howdah, Leila
dialog: watches Hagen.
speaker_heading: POV LEILA
text: Hagen is in profile; his face framed by the ornate Moslem helmet
text: and shining neck guard of chain. His muscular arms are bare
text: from the shoulder and flex as he holds the reins.
dialog: 81.
text: LEILA WATCHES HIM FOR SEVERAL SECONDS.
text: Somehow feelings her gaze, Hagen turns and their eyes meet for
text: an instant. Then he spurs his horse ahead.
text: Leila looks at'Shéba who has seen her looking at him. Sheba
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: You lucky little devil.
text: They both laugh.
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: Does the princess envy the
dialog: odalisque?
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: (whispers, gently
dialog: teasing)
dialog: The princess envies the freedom
dialog: of her slave. Was he...?
speaker_heading: SHEBA
dialog: He released the desire in his
text: flesh, but not in his heart. He
dialog: will still wander in the night.
text: Leila says nothing. She turns her head and gazes out through
text: the opening in the howdah.
scene_heading: EXT. A CAMP - NIGHT
text: Gnawing a lamb bone, Hagen walks from the guards who laugh and
text: joke in their native African tongue. He passes Leila’s tent
text: where her shadow moves in the light of a lantern.
scene_heading: HAGEN CLIMBS ROCKS
text: above the camp and settles to eat. Picking at his bone he looks
dialog: down and sees--
text: THE REAR OF LEILA’S TENT.
text: The crisp shadow of Leila’s nude form stands in the center.
text: She laughs, reacting to the cold water of a sponge bath.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: smiles and pitches away the lamb.
scene_heading: INT. LEILA’S TENT - NIGHT
text: As Sheba toys with the homing pigeons, Leila rinses the soap
text: from her smooth skin, The silhouette of a man appears behind
text: her on the tent.
dialog: 82.
text: The silhouette draws a knife, cuts a long slit in the tent, and
text: steps through.
dialog: It is Djarvat!
text: He lunges for heila, but Sheba steps between and tries to fight
text: him off. Djarvat stabs Sheba in the belly and throws her to
text: the ground. leila is about to scream when Djarvat covers her
text: mouth with his hand.
text: OUTSIDE IN THE CAMP
text: Black clad figures move to a trio of sleeping guards, slitting
text: their throats without waking them. Another of Djarvat’s men
text: slips a garrote around the throat of a guard and draws it tight.
speaker_heading: AMBU
text: checks the horses to see that they are well tied. Suddenly an
text: arrow strikes him in the back. Three more arrows strike him,
text: and he SHOUTS out with warning and pain.
scene_heading: EXT, HILL OVERLOOKING THE CAMP - NIGHT
text: Hagen, lying on his back looking at the stars, scrambles to his
text: feet on hearing Ambu’s cry. He looks down at the camp, then
text: dashes toward it.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: runs past the bodies of the slain guards and comes upon Ambu,
text: who lies on the ground, dying. With his last breath, Ambu looks
text: up at his comrade and gasps...
speaker_heading: AMBU
dialog: The princess...
text: Hagen takes Ambu’s spear and races through the camp.
scene_heading: INT. LEILA'S TENT - NIGHT
text: Djarvat restrains Leila as three of his black-clad followers
text: tie her up. Grabbing Djarvat's dagger from his waistband, she
text: slashes the face of one of his men.
text: Djarvat seizes her wrist, painfully forces her to drop the
text: knife, then whacks her across the face as the others finish
text: tying her up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAMP - NIGHT
text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A black-robed archer loads his bow as Hagen sprints through the
text: camp, Before he can release the arrow, Hagen hurls the. spear
text: and skewers him.
dialog: 83.
text: Leila is dragged by Djarvat and two men toward their horses.
text: Another follows with the cage of homing pigeons.
text: Hagen runs into view ahead of them. One of Djarvat’s men,
text: scimitar in hand, spins to face Hagen, who is unarmed, Hagen
text: charges in an insane frenzy, grabs the man and smashes his skull
text: with a blow of his fist.
text: Leila, her hands and feet tied, is slung over a horse in front
dialog: of Djarvat.
text: Hagen snatches a tent pole and rushes Djarvat and the others
text: as they scramble to escape.
text: Slamming one man in the face, he breaks the pole. He drives
text: the splintered end through a second man.
text: Then from behind, HOSSEIN, the largest of Djarvat’s men, slams
text: Hagen with the iron pot from the fire. Hagen spins, stunned,
text: and is slammed again to the ground.
text: Two other men jump him. Hagen is held face down and garroted.
text: Djarvat gasps as he sees --
text: --- the huge cross on Hagen's back.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: An infidel!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: twists, fighting for breath.
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: He sees Leila, held by two of Djarvat’‘s men. A donkey is led
text: up. Djarvat steps to the animal and, while glaring at Hagen,
text: he draws a dagger across the creature's throat.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAMP SITE - MORNING
text: A few vultures have settled on the rocks, gazing down at the
text: dead which litter the camp. Flies BUZZ in the morning sun as
text: the CAMERA PANS to reveal the carcass of the donkey.
text: From the anus of the animal projects the head of aman. It is
text: Hagen. He has been sewn inside the carcass and left to feed
text: the maggots and hyenas that wander the camp, sniffing at
dialog: corpses.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: groans as filthy slime and the gasses of decomposition bubble
text: up around his neck from the heat-bloated carcass. A carpet of
text: flies lifts from his face as he strains to move his head. The
text: CAMERA PANS to show his full predicament: heavy leather thongs
text: lace the belly of the animal, and Hagen’s hands protrude through
text: slits cut on either side.
dialog: 84.
text: His wrists are bound with rawhide and his feet, thrust through
text: holes in the animal’s chest, are tied at the ankles.
text: A few feet away, a HYENA stares at Hagen, giggling with hunger-
text: induced curiosity. When it approaches to sniff Hagen’s hands,
text: he shouts and the creature backs off with a psychotic whine.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: strains, tilting his head to see his hands. With great effort
text: he flexes and draws them in. liis bound wrists squeeze against
text: the donkey’s belly, causing liquid putrefaction and bubbles of
text: gas to well up around his neck.
text: FROM THE BELLY SLIT
text: the same nauseating ooze flows over the bindings of Magen’s
text: wrists. When the rawhide is soaked, Hagen twists until he can
text: move one wrist. He flexes again, forcing out more ooze. Again
text: he works to move his wrist.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAMP SITE (LATER)
text: The sun hangs low in the sky. Hyenas, bolder now and joined
text: by jackals, surround the donkey carcass. Hagen shouts hoarsely
text: as the circle of scavengers tightens, seeking bites of living
dialog: flesh.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: flexes, compressing the carcass and spurting out more liquid.
speaker_heading: A HYENA
text: lunges and snaps at Hagen’s hands, now covered with a layered
text: frosting of putrescence. Lubricated by the slippery ooze, one
text: binding has been worked well up onto Hagen's hand, close to the
text: knuckle of his thumb.
scene_heading: ANOTHER HYENA,
text: with the most powerful jaws in the animal kingdom, easily tears
text: a large chunk of meat from the donkey’s throat near Hagen’s
text: exposed feet -- as he shouts and wiggles his toes.
speaker_heading: A HYENA
text: snatches the buttock near Hagen’s face, tearing away flesh as
text: Hagen shouts, growls, and grimaces to drive him off.
text: AS THE SUN LOWERS, °
text: the pack of skulking hyenas moves around him with ever-growing
dialog: excitement. . :
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: A HYENA
text: moves in, intent on Hagen‘s hands, As the beast lunges, Hagen
text: writhes and with all his strength tears his hand from: the
dialog: binding.
text: As the animal leaps back, Hagen’s hands grab the slit in the
text: carcass and, with a bellow, he begins tearing it open.
text: He pulls the bindings off his feet. Dripping putrescence and
text: gore, he emerges from the carcass like some creature-born DEMI-~
speaker_heading: GOD.
text: As Hagen drags himself away, the hyenas savagely attack the
text: exposed donkey innards.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT - PRE-DAWN
text: Wind blows a veil of sand over low hills barren of vegetation.
text: A lone figure appears on foot against the pink of the morning
text: sky. He carries an African spear.
speaker_heading: HAGEN,
text: his face masked to the eyes by a black kaffiyah taken from one
text: of Djarvat's dead, follows Djarvat's trail.
scene_heading: EXT. A DESERTED MOSQUE - SUNRISE
text: Partially ruined, a small mosque stands among some palms in an
scene_heading: otherwise barren desert wilderness. FORTY BLACK-ROBED TRIBESMEN
text: are camped outside, gathered around cook fires. Their horses
text: are corralled nearby.
scene_heading: INT. MOSQUE - SUNRISE
text: Leila, still bound hand and foot, lies on the floor. Djarvat
text: enters and walks toward her with a menacing gait.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Ravage me and my father will have
dialog: you stoned.
speaker_heading: DUARVAT
dialog: I would not defile myself with
dialog: a woman during jihad. And never
text: with the daughter of a coward.
text: Djiarvat removes a pigeon from the cage taken from the camp.
speaker_heading: . DJARVAT
dialog: This bird will carry a note to
dialog: your father.
text: As he talks he removes a small piece of paper from a sleeve
dialog: pocket.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
text: It demands he abandon his pathetic
dialog: effort at truce and launch
dialog: war...Unless he wants your lovely
text: face cut away and sent to him as
text: a remembrance.
text: Djarvat leans down.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: How do you suppose he’1ll react
dialog: to a note scented by your perfume?
text: As Djarvat rubs the note along Leila’s cheek she suddenly turn
text: and bites his hand like a wild animal. She hangs on like a
text: bulldog as Djarvat twists and kicks her to free himself
text: He glares at her, his rage tinged with fear, then leaves with
dialog: the pigeon.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSQUE - DAY
text: Djarvat emerges from the mosque and tosses the bird into the
dialog: air.
scene_heading: THE PIGEON CIRCLES
text: over the encamped army and, having gotten it's bearings, heads
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: AS IT PASSES
text: a PROMONTORY which overhangs the encampment, A PAN reveals...
text: Hagen, who peeks over the edge down at the mosque.
scene_heading: FROM A SMALL MINARET, A MUEZZIN'S CHANT
text: calls the faithful to prayer. All the soldiers unroll prayer
text: rugs and kneel facing Mecca.
text: As Hagen watches, trying to devise a plan, he hears BUZZING
text: around his head. He looks up and notices a BEE HIVE hanging
text: high in a nearby tree.
text: He gets an idea.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: reaches his spear up into the tree and stabs the hive. He pulls
text: it away from the branch and waggles the spear back and forth,
text: violently shaking the bees. The insects swarm from the nest
text: like a loud, dark cloud, covering the spear and getting close
dialog: to Hagen.
text: Using the spear like a vaulting pole, Hagen flings the hive into
text: the center of the soldiers. The bees follow the hive with their
dialog: queen.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSQUE - DAY
text: The hive bursts open amid the praying Moslems, releasing a cloud
text: of furious wasps. The men are immediately under attack.
text: The black-robed fanatics abandon their prayers and rush about
text: madly, swatting themselves and zigzagging erratically. Several
text: slice at the air with their scimitars. Others hurl themselves
text: into a well.
scene_heading: BEHIND THEM, HAGEN,
text: dressed in black robes, dashes toward the mosque unnoticed.
scene_heading: INT. MOSQUE - DAY
text: Djarvat reacts to shouts outside. He rises and goes to the
dialog: Oor,
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MOSQUE DOORWAY - DAY
text: Djarvat, scimitar in hand, peers warily out of the mosque.
text: Suddenly, Hagen grabs him by the beard, yanks him out, and hurls
text: him forward. Dijarvat’s beard and facial skin tear from his
text: face, and he tumbles to the ground, screaming. Hagen looks at
text: him, then at the beard in his hand.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: It looked better on you.
text: Hagen tosses the beard at Djarvat, snatches his scimitar, and
text: enters the mosque.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOSQUE - DAY
text: Hagen enters and goes to Leila, who is astonished and overjoyed
text: to see him. He pulls her to her feet and cuts away her bonds
text: with the scimitar. He takes her by the hand and leads her to
text: the door.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSQUE ~- DAY
text: The army is still in chaos from the bee attack. Djarvat, his
text: face red and raw, grabs the first three soldiers he sees and
text: points at Hagen and Leila, who are running toward the corral.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: Get them! Don’t let her get away!
text: The swordsmen charge Hagen and Leila.
text: Hagen cuts down the first two in short order. The third hangs
text: back, afraid as Hagen and Leila back into the corral.
text: Djarvat now sends TWENTY BLACK-ROBES storming toward them.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: Kill them!.,.Kill them!
dialog: 
dialog: 8&.
text: Hagen cuts the rope holding the horses, then shouts and slaps
text: them into a stampede. As they course around him, he and Leila
text: grab the manes of two beasts and mount them bareback.
text: The attacking soldiers are blocked by the charging horses which
text: flood through the camp like a raging river.
text: Hagen and Leila gallop away amid the thundering herd as
text: Djarvat’s tribesmen chase them on foot.
text: Djarvat watches, infuriated, as his hostage and his steeds
text: disappear over a crest. He shakes the soldier standing next
text: to him, who is still nursing his bee stings.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: The horses! Get the horses!
scene_heading: EXT. A VERDANT STREAM - DAY
text: Leila sits on a rock under a canopy of lush foliage, washing
text: her feet, as Hagen waters the horse and fills a water bag. He
text: crosses to her and offers it.
text: She drinks.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: My uncle’s estate is no longer
dialog: safe. My father will be in
text: Caesaria, near the coast, trying
dialog: to send envoys to the Crusaders.
dialog: You must take me there.
text: Leila looks at him and drinks again. She speaks between gulps.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: You'll be well rewarded. My
dialog: father is very generous with
dialog: slaves.
text: Hagen takes the water bag back.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I’m no longer a slave.
text: As Hagen drinks Leila stiffens slightly with concern.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Does that mean you are no longer
dialog: loyal?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: It means I’m first of all loyal
dialog: to myself. .
text: Leila studies him a beat.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Listen, I have need of you and
dialog: you have need of me.
text: Hagen regards her almost bemused.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: On your own what chance do you
dialog: have to find your fellow
dialog: barbarians? Do you know the way?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: To the North.
text: Leila suddenly laughs uncontrollably at the notion.
text: sullen at her arrogance.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: That’s good. To the North? This
dialog: is you.
dialog: (imitates)
dialog: “Please Effendi, could you show
dialog: me the way North so I can join
dialog: the infidel invaders." They’1l
dialog: show you. They’1ll put your head
text: on a pike and face it North.
text: Leila laughs again. Hagen is forced to smile as he
text: She sees his smile and stops laughing.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Take me and you'll have your
dialog: freedom. By my faith I swear it.
text: Hagen walks her horse over to her and boosts her up.
text: climbs onto his own mount.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: So which way is Caesaria?
text: Leila answers with a smile.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Follow me.
scene_heading: EXT. IBN KHALDUN’S CAMP NEAR CAESARIA - DAY
dialog: o
dialog: ive
dialog: Hagen is
text: watches her.
dialog: He then
text: A group of tents on an open plain fly the various banners of
dialog: Islam.
speaker_heading: AN OLD MAN
text: hurries through the camp past potentates and advisors. He comes
text: to an elaborate tent where. he is stopped by a guard.
text: hands ‘he holds the pigeon.
dialog: In his
dialog: 90,
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I must see the Emir. This bird
dialog: has come with a message of great
dialog: urgency.
scene_heading: INT. THE TENT ~- DAY
text: Ibn Khaldun sits before Yacub, Ari, and others, holding the
text: scented letter from Djarvat. The Old Man who brought the pigeon
text: stands in the background gently stroking the bird. The mood
text: in the tent is very tense. After several seconds Ibn Khaldun
text: turns to Yacub.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: Recall the envoys. There will
dialog: be no talk of truce...
text: The Emir looks at his counsellors with pain in his eyes.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: May Allah forgive me...I have no
dialog: choice.
text: The men say nothing, sensing the agony of his decision.
scene_heading: EXT. A MOUNTAIN TRAIL - DAY
text: Hagen and Leila, now wearing a rind of dust, ride wearily
text: through the day. Seeing a stand of trees ahead, Hagen speaks.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Wait here!
text: Leila waits while Hagen draws his sword and rides ahead.
text: REACHING THE TREES
text: Hagen peers around in all directions. There is no chance of
text: ambush and he waves to Leila. He watches as she rides up with
text: the grace of a born horsewoman, and they continue side by side.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Al-Hagen, when you were taken
dialog: slave, were you taken from a wife?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: There is no one?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: In your land, were you a noble?
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No. I was a serf.
speaker_heading: LEILA .
dialog: You say that with pride.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: So, you have no use for a spoiled
dialog: princess...
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You ride well,...We haven’t eaten
dialog: or rested and you don’t complain.
dialog: Maybe you’re not really a
dialog: princess.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Iam. I am descended from the
dialog: Bedouin,...a desert people whose
dialog: lives are very hard. And I too
dialog: am proud.
scene_heading: EXT, A WILDERNESS - DUSK
text: Hagen and Leila descend from the mountains into a beautiful
text: alpine valley. Forested mountains rise on each side.
text: In the distance, in the direction which they travel, a small
text: farmhouse can be seen.
text: AS THEY APPROACH THE FARMHOUSE,
text: an OLD FARMER and his WIFE emerge and smile a friendly greeting.
scene_heading: INT. THE FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Hagen and Leila are seated on the floor eating stew with flat
text: breads. The Old Farmer and his Wife watch them, occasionally
text: tempting them with choice pieces of meat.
text: The Old Farmer notices that Hagen’s plate is empty.
speaker_heading: OLD FARMER
dialog: More.
text: Hagen smiles at him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I can't eat more. It was very
dialog: good, thank you.
speaker_heading: OLD FARMER
text: There is a room above the stable.
dialog: You and your wife must stay the
dialog: night.
dialog: wo
dialog: we
text: Leila and Hagen exchange a look. Hagen senses what might be
text: an uncomfortable situation.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: We are grateful, but we have no
dialog: time.
text: The Old Farmer nods acceptance. After a beat of silence, Leila
text: suddenly speaks.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: No,...I‘'m very tired.
text: Hagen is surprised at her response.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: My husband and I will accept your
dialog: hospitality.
text: Leila smiles at Hagen who feels momentarily very awkward.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Old Farmer walks them to the stable, gives them a lantern
dialog: and wishes them good night.
speaker_heading: OLD FARMER
dialog: May God bless you both.
text: A wind stirs in the trees that shade the farm courtyard as Hagen
text: and Leila enter the stable.
scene_heading: INT. THE STABLE - NIGHT
text: Hagen bolts the door against the wind then he raises the lantern
text: and looks around. A simple ladder leads to a loft above the
text: stalls. Aside from several horses that watch them curiously,
text: they are very much alone.
text: Hagen offers Leila the lantern.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I‘ll sleep here on the hay.
speaker_heading: LEILA.
dialog: No.
text: Hagen looks at her.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: To them we're man and wife. If
dialog: you sleep here they’1l think we
dialog: quarreled.
text: Leila takes the lantern.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Come.
dialog: 93.
text: She climbs the ladder. Hagen looks up as she hikes her robe
text: exposing the white skin of her legs. He follows.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT + NIGHT
text: They climb into the loft and Leila sets down the lantern. Seeing
text: a roll of cotton bedding she takes it and spreads it on the
text: straw. Hagen watches her but remains back a ways.
text: Leila removes her head covering and begins sorting her hair with
text: her fingers. In the soft light of the lamp her beauty is
text: breathtaking.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: In the palace when I first looked
dialog: at you,...I wanted you.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You don’t know me.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: I know what I feel...Have you felt
dialog: nothing for me?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What a slave feels for his
dialog: mistress.
text: Leila cuts through his feigned indifference with a look both
text: knowing and innocent.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Just tell me that you’ve wanted
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I‘ve wanted you...very much.
text: Leila takes a jewelled Hand of Fatima from around her neck.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What's this?
text: She speaks as she fastens the chain on Hagen’s neck.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: A-gift that a bride gives to the
text: man who first shows her love.
dialog: I have always feared that on this
dialog: night fate would put me with
dialog: someone for whom I felt no desire.
dialog: But now I thank Allah, who has
dialog: put me with you.
text: Hagen smiles.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I thank Allah, too.
dialog: 94.
text: She reaches her hand toward Hagen. He takes it in his own and
text: lowers himself beside her. He gently touches her cheek.
text: Leila raises her face to his and their lips touch.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: I have waited so long.
text: Hagen’s arms envelope her. They kiss and he lays her back on
text: the bedding. He savors the softness of her skin as he opens
text: her robes, exposing her breasts. Leila’s passion suddenly
text: surges and she pulls Hagen close, drawing him to the act of
dialog: love.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VALLEY - DAWN
text: The soft light of earliest dawn brings pastel hues to the valley
dialog: and the small farm.
scene_heading: INT. THE STABLE - DAWN
text: Leila is awake, studying Hagen as he sleeps. She reaches for
text: a pitcher of water and raises it to drink. It is empty.
scene_heading: EXT. STABLE AREA - DAWN
text: Leila exits the stable like a peasant bride, carrying the
text: pitcher. Crossing to the well, she notices that the sheep and
text: cows are running loose, bleating and lowing with agitation.
text: Leila lowers the bucket into the well when she sees the Old
text: Farmer and his Wife lying on the ground, dead.
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
text: appears behind her. His lecherous grin says it all. He likes
text: what he sees.
speaker_heading: _ WALDEMAR
dialog: Good morning.
text: Leila spins and her eyes quickly dart around looking for escape.
text: Three more of Emmich’s men stand behind her. A PIMPLY YOUTH
text: holds several pillaged chickens by the legs and a POTATO-FACED
text: PEASANT fingers cream from a bucket. An UGLY BRUTE with a
text: toothless grin drops his sack and massages his codpiece.
text: Leila slams Waldemar with the pitcher and tries to run, but she
text: is caught by the Ugly Brute. A huge chain mail glove covers
text: her mouth.
text: Waldemar steps up, his face bleeding. He glances around the
text: farmyard then sees a manure pile.
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR .
dialog: Over there. Face down in the shit
text: heap with her ass in the air.
text: The Pimply Youth, still stroking his codpiece, giggles.
dialog: wo
dialog: Ul
scene_heading: PIMPLY YOUTH
dialog: I’m second.
text: They push Leila toward the manure and shove her to her knees
text: while Waldemar unties his pants.
text: As her face is pushed toward the maggoty filth, she chews at
text: the gloved hand. Kicking and writhing, her face is almost in
text: the manure. The other knights howl with laughter. The Pimply
text: Youth looks around and sees...
scene_heading: POV PIMPLY YOUTH
text: The rest of the foraging party is heading in their direction.
scene_heading: THE PIMPLY YOUTH
text: speaks to Waldemar.
scene_heading: PIMPLY YOUTH
dialog: Hurry, or we'll have to share her
text: with the others.
text: faldemar heaves up her skirts and positions himself to sodomize
dialog: er.
text: Suddenly, a trident pitchfork strikes him from behind. A prong
text: appears from his face, another from his throat, stifling his
text: scream of agony. .
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: stands in the hayloft above and draws a scimitar.
speaker_heading: WALDEMAR
text: rises, clawing wildly at the prong while he chokes on his own
text: blood. As he spins, the handle slams the face of the Ugly Brute
text: holding Leila. She breaks free and runs.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: vaults down to a shed roof, leaps into the farm yard, and
text: charges the’ men. The Pimply Youth rushes him, sword drawn.
text: A blow from Hagen’s scimitar drops him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (to Leila)
dialog: Go! Ride to your father!
text: The Ugly Brute slams Hagen with a club, knocking him down. Leila
dialog: runs for the stable.
text: As the Ugly Brute raises his club to brain him, Hagen drives
text: the scimitar into his gut. The Brute falls and his hands lock
text: on Hagen’s throat. Hagen works the scimitar and the Brute
text: gurgles and dies.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: LEILA
text: rides out of the stable with an extra horse -- but a dozen
text: Crusaders have already charged into the farmyard and are
text: converging on Hagen. Powerless to save him, Leila gallops away.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: turns and sees above him a horse reared back on two legs like
text: a dragon. The beast strikes out with its hooves, pummeling him
text: in the head and chest. Hagen falls to the ground, reeling.
text: Crusaders draw up and surround him, keeping him distant with
text: their lance points. Ivo, Emmich’s other lackey, gallops through
text: the formation and looks down at his prisoner. After a beat of
text: disbelief, he smiles.
speaker_heading: Ivo
dialog: Now here indeed is a prize.
scene_heading: EXT, ROCKY PASS ABOVE THE FARM - DAY
text: Leila reaches the pass and turns. Seeing that Hagen is taken
text: captive, she chokes back sorrow and rides on.
text: CAMERA CRANES UP to reveal the other side of the pass.
scene_heading: DJARVAT AND HIS HORSEMEN
text: lic in wait for Leila on the opposing ridgetop. Djarvat nods,
text: and they ride down the slope.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CRUSADER CAMP - DAY
text: A vast plain covered with tents and makeshift dwellings
text: stretches before the eye as Ivo rides past. Hagen is bound with
text: his arms yoked over a log. A rope around his neck leads to
text: Ivo's saddle, and he is dragged at a trot.
text: The men of the raiding party follow with carts of grain and
text: slaughtered carcasses of sheep.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: gazes around as he is led through the outer fringes of the camp.
text: This is the realm of the peasants and pilgrims that follow and
dialog: serve the army.
text: Their appearance has become more savage since leaving Europe.
text: Some push forward, glaring threateningly at the grain wagons.
text: Four men try to pull a sack free. They are beaten back by Ivo’s
text: men, who seem inured to the face of savagery around them.
speaker_heading: HAGEN TURNS
text: at the sound of jeers and sees~--
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: THE HARLOT WAGON
text: The whores howl and hoot at Hagen as he is pulled past. Some
text: nfurse babies and the faces of the filthy toddlers can be seen
text: peeking from behind their skirts.
speaker_heading: THE MADMAN
text: appears and recognizes Hagen.
speaker_heading: MADMAN
dialog: Hagen lives! Risen from the dead!
dialog: Lazarus, Lazarus! He has returned!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: is dragged on toward a small hill where the knights’ tents are
text: set, each flying the pennant of his lord. Godfrey's banner is
text: the most common, Knights emerge from their tents to see what
text: the excitement is about.
text: Ivo leads Hagen into an area where Emmich's colors and pennants
text: proliferate. CAMERA PANS with Hagen and we see that Emmich’s
text: “territory” stretches on an on, indicating a frightful
text: predominance. At the center of this domain is a huge tent, by
text: far the largest in the camp.
scene_heading: EXT, EMMICH’S TENT - DAY
text: A dozen leading knights enjoy an afternoon orgy. Lithe
text: Circassian women dance around drunken warriors who lie like
text: pretzels in various stages of fornication.
text: Emmich, wearing only a codpiece and a turban, picks his way
text: through the celebrants, leading a frightened thirteen year old
text: girl by the hand.
scene_heading: BALDWIN OF CHARTRES,
text: Godfrey's former ally, lounges between young captives of both
dialog: sexes.
speaker_heading: BALDWIN
dialog: Emmich, my friend...You like them
dialog: small?
text: Emmich squeezes his girl’s pubescent nipple through the
text: transparent gauze of her top. She winces and both men laugh.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Closer to bone the sweeter the
dialog: meat.
text: Baldwin extends his goblet.
speaker_heading: BALDWIN
dialog: To the sweetmeats of
dialog: Jerusalem...And your kingly rule.
dialog: 98.
text: Emmich is about to drink when he hears the rantings of the
text: Madman in the distance, “Hagen! Hagen of the Crass! Hagen! Hagen
text: of the Cross!" He lowers his cup and wades to the front of the
text: tent. He looks outside. clears his fuzzy vision and sees...
speaker_heading: POV EMMICH
text: Hagen being led toward him.
speaker_heading: EMMICH’S JOY
text: is spoiled by what seems like a bad dream. The other debauched
text: knights peer out of the tent and whisper to each other.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Is it him? Is that Hagen?
text: Emmich pushes away his nymphet and hastily pulls on his breeches
text: as he steps outside.
scene_heading: EXT. EMMICH’S TENT - DAY
text: Emmich strides forward to meet Hagen. His drinking buddies
text: follow, half-dressed.
text: Crusaders of all kinds gather to watch the impending reunion.
text: Ivo reigns his horse, and Hagen is jerked to a stop in front
dialog: of Emmich.
speaker_heading: Ivo
dialog: He killed Waldemar.
text: Emmich's face darkens as he see his cousin’s body slung over
text: a horse.
text: Infuriated, he spots a nearby knight holding a MACE AND CHAIN.
text: Emmich snatches the weapon from its owner and wraps the chain
text: around his hand. He turns to Hagen and swings the spiked iron
text: ball. It makes a terrifying sound as it shreds the air.
text: Ivo sidles up to Emmich and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: Ivo
dialog: We caught him with an Arab whore.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: {astounded)
dialog: He was with a woman?
text: Ivo nods. Emmich’s jaw clenches with doubled fury.
speaker_heading: EMMICH ©
dialog: Then this will hurt.
text: He advances on Hagen and slings the mace at his crotch.
text: Hagen crumples to his knees. |
dialog: we
dialog: xc
text: Swinging the mace, Emmich circles Hagen and addresses all
dialog: assembled.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
text: This man, now dressed in Moslem
dialog: rags, is a traitor to our faith.
dialog: He must die.
text: With a mighty pitch, Emmich bashes Hagen in the ribs with the
text: mace. Hagen lurches forward and balances himself on one end
text: of his log yoke.
text: Emmich edges in front of Hagen, whirling the mace with one hand
text: and touching his own disfigured face with the other. Smiling,
text: he aims a mutilating blow at Hagen’s head. Hagen abruptly
text: twists and the mace wraps around the yoke near his neck, chain
text: stretched taut.
text: Hagen pivots, jerking Emmich toward him. Then he rotates his
text: shoulders, braining Emmich with the other end of the yoke.
text: The force of the attack flings Emmich and Hagen away from each
text: other onto their backs. Both struggle to get to their feet.
text: Ivo and the Potato-Faced Peasant kick Hagen onto his back and
text: stand on his yoke. Emmich slowly approaches Hagen, swinging
text: the mace, intent on delivering a deathblow.
text: The SOUND OF BELLS distracts him. He turns and sees that a path
text: is being cleared through the surrounding crowd for Adhemar.
text: The old bishop walks falteringly, weakened by the long campaign.
text: Godfrey and his knights follow.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: God’s balls...Here come the
dialog: skirts.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
text: pauses, seeing Hagen. His expression brightens.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
text: He is alive.
text: Adhemar gazes around at the men that surround Hagen.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Why is he bound? Untie him at once!
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: This man deserted our cause and
dialog: serves the enemies of Christ.
dialog: Look, he wears a Moslem amulet!
text: Emmich points to the Hand of Fatima around Hagen’s neck. Adhemar
text: is shocked.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: I would hear your defense, Hagen.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: He sold me to the Moslems as a
dialog: slave. I escaped and was captured
dialog: by his men.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Lying scum! -- I have condemned
dialog: this filthy serf to death!
text: Godfrey grandstands to the knights.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: Emmich thinks he is already King
dialog: of Jerusalem.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: A crown reserved for Godfrey, no
dialog: doubt.
text: Godfrey turns to Adhemar.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: Bishop, this dispute should be
text: settled by a duel of justice.
dialog: Let God decide who tells the
dialog: truth.
text: The knights around them echo Godfrey’s suggestion. Hagen glares
dialog: at Emmich. .
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yes, let us fight.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: This can be settled after
dialog: Jerusalem is taken. Until then,
dialog: we must fight the enemy who would
dialog: wipe us all from the earth.
text: Adhemar turns to Hagen, still tied to the log.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Hagen, are you with us?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Your grace, not all Moslems seek
dialog: our death. In Jerusalem, I saw
dialog: Christians living in peace, free
dialog: to worship at our shrines.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: You hear that? He calls the Pope
dialog: a liar.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The leader of Jerusalem wants no
text: part of war. He comes to offer
text: truce to pray within his walls.
dialog: Gl.
text: A murmur passes through the Crusade.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Can he be trusted, this infidel?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I know this. He will not attack
dialog: us unless we attack first.
text: THWACK! An arrow narrowly misses Hagen and skewers Adhemar in
text: the chest.
text: For an instant, everyone is frozen. Then they look at the...
text: HILLTOP ABOVE THEM.
text: Black-robed archers on horseback line the ridge, bows loaded
text: and ready to shoot. Djarvat sits on his black horse, holding
text: the empty bow he just fired. At his side, Ibn Khaldun sits
text: grimly astride his horse.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: is stunned. Ivo points to the opposite hilltop.
speaker_heading: Ivo
dialog: Look!
scene_heading: OPPOSITE HILLTOPS
text: An Arab army surrounds them on all sides. Cavalry. Infantry.
text: Phalanxes of archers.
text: DJARVAT LOOKS EXPECTANTLY AT IBN KHALDUN.
text: Ibn Khaldun gives the signal, and the archers fire a round of
text: arrows into the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. CRUSADER CAMP
text: Thousands of arrows rain into the camp.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: To arms! We're under attack.
text: The Crusaders run for cover. Brother Bernard and several
text: acolytes carry Adhemar away.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
text: lifts his sword high over his head. With the cry, “La Ilalhu
text: Illa Allah!” he spurs his horse forward. His soldiers take up
text: the cry and chargé behind him down the hillside.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
text: gives the signal, and his legions of archers gallop down all
text: the hillsides of the valley, encircling the Crusaders.
dialog: in
scene_heading: EXT. CRUSADER CAMP
text: The Crusaders rush for their armor and weapons, except: for
dialog: Emmich.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: This traitor led them to us.
text: Emmich picks up a rock and steps toward Hagen, preparing to bash
text: in his skull. Still tied to a log, Nagen is helpless to resist.
text: Suddenly, WHACK! Codfrey slices through the rope that binds one
text: of Hagen’s wrists to the yoke. WHACK! He cuts through the other
text: rope, and Hagen is free.
text: Emmich glares at Godfrey.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: Kill him later if you want. Now
dialog: we need him.
text: Godfrey rushes off to arm himself. Emmich and Hagen are left
text: facing each other with an Arab army bearing down on them at full
dialog: speed.
text: Finally, Emmich throws down his stone and storms off toward the
text: squire who holds his armor.
text: All around Hagen, footsoldiers arm themselves with pikes and
text: halberds. Peasants grab shovels and pitchforks.
text: Hagen takes what is available -- a SCYTHE.
scene_heading: MOUNTED ARCHERS
text: gallop around the encircled Crusade, firing arrow after arrow
text: in rapid succession.
speaker_heading: CRUSADERS
text: are struck in vast numbers. The common soldiers and peasants
text: take positions behind wagons and makeshift barricades.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: is stuck in the middle of the Crusaders, unable to fight an
text: enemy that whirls around him, out of reach.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
text: grimaces as a surgeon cuts the arrow from his chest. Around
text: him, monks: leads peasants in SINGING A HYMN.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
text: signals his infantry, which advances downhill toward the
dialog: Crusaders.
dialog: 103.
text: The Emir remains on the hilltop in command of the cavalry. Each
text: Moslem knight is equipped with a long sharp lance and a round
dialog: shield.
scene_heading: GODFREY AND EMMICH
text: ride at the head of the disorganized knights as they trot
text: through the camp to the front, carrying lances and kite-shaped
text: shields. Trumpets blare in a hollow call to arms.
scene_heading: THE MOSLEM INFANTRY
text: now engages the Frankish footsoldiers. Injured and demoralized
text: by their heavy losses, the Christians are no match for their
dialog: inspired Saracen counterparts.
speaker_heading: THE MADMAN
text: wanders through the battle ranting and raving. All around him
text: soldiers perish, but he is magically unscathed.
speaker_heading: MADMAN
dialog: Smite them! Victory! Army of Christ!
dialog: Hagen is risen! Hallelujah!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: battles Arab footsoldiers with the scythe. Like the Grim
text: Reaper, he mows them down at the ankles. He whacks another with
text: the stem and spikes an attacker in the top of the head with the
dialog: point of the blade. .
scene_heading: THE CRUSADER KNIGHTS
text: reach the open field outside the raging battle. Godfrey raises
text: his hand, and the knights form themselves into a line. He
text: clasps his hands in a moment of prayer, and the knights around
dialog: him do the same.
speaker_heading: ON A HILLTOP
text: Ibn Khaldun signals his eager cavalry to wait for the Crusaders
dialog: to finish their prayer.
speaker_heading: FACING OFF,
text: the Crusaders lift their lances. The Moslem horsemen do the
dialog: same.
text: AL the trumpet’s call, the knights lunge ahead with the call,
dialog: "God wills it!”
text: Ibn Khaldun leads the Moslems downhill with the call, “LA ILLAHU
dialog: ILA ALLAH!”
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: THE BATTLE
text: The two mounted armies, each shouting the battle cry of their
text: faith, drive toward each other and collide at full gallop.
text: Ibn Khaldun’s lance drives into the eye-slit of a knight's
text: helmet and out the back.
text: Emmich deflects the lance of a Moslem charger and swipes the
text: man with his sword, disemboweling him.
text: Godfrey slays his opponent, but all around him, Moslems decimate
text: the Crusader knights in a one-sided battle.
text: Baldwin of Chartres is run through the chest.
text: Moslem archers ride the flanks of battle, picking targets. They
text: shoot as they stand in their stirrups or from beneath the
text: bellies of their horses as they swing beneath.
text: Godfrey shields himself against the rain of arrows, but others
text: are hit. Horses rear and fall.
text: An arrow strikes Emmich’s arm, He yanks it out.
text: The instant the arrows stop, Moslem riders charge from the
text: opposite side. Before the Crusaders can turn their mounts, they
text: are struck by Moslem swordsmen.
scene_heading: DJARVAT AND HIS HORSEMEN
text: break through Crusader- lines and penetrate into the heart of
text: the camp. Shouting “Allah Akbar!*, they hack down peasants and
text: footsoldiers.
scene_heading: ADHEMAR AND THE MONKS
text: sink to their knees and pray, awaiting martyrdom. Women,
text: children, and peasants have formed a ring of prayer around them.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: blocks the downward blow of an Arab scimitar with his scythe
text: handle and with a loud WHOOSH cuts off the Arab’s arm. Hagen
text: drops the scythe and takes the scimitar from the detached hand.
text: Now armed with a legitimate weapon, Hagen wades through the sea
text: of battle. Dodging the colliding haunches of horses, he hacks
text: down an enemy footsoldier, then puts on the chest armor from
text: a fallen Crusader knight. Before the armor is secure, a Moslem
text: swordsman attacks from the rear on foot, but Hagen blindly
text: slices his throat with a dervish-like backward spin.
text: Hagen grabs a round Moslem shield from the ground and with one
text: motion parries the attack of two more Moslem swordsmen.
text: Defeating them, he exchanges his scimitar for a straight
text: Crusader broadsword which he takes from a dead knight.
dialog: 105.
text: The sword and its hilt make a cross. Hagen kisses the blade,
text: fortified to have his accustomed weapon.
text: FROM THE REAR OF THE BATTLE,
text: Arab archers launch flaming arrows into the Crusader camp.
text: THE CENTER OF THE CAMP
text: is suddenly illuminated by burning missiles. Arrows arc over
text: a landscape of dead and dying, striking tents and carts which
text: burst into flame. It seems the fires of Armageddon have come.
text: Adhemar turns to Brother Bernard.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: This is our punishment. God has
dialog: forsaken us.
text: OVERWHELMED AND OUTNUMBERED,
text: the Crusader knights fall back.
speaker_heading: EMMICH,
text: fighting savagely, is knocked off his horse by a mighty blow.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
text: rides among the ranks of men, exhorting them to fight,
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: Turn back and fight! Christ fights
dialog: with you!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: Three archers lined up in a row take aim at some Crusaders.
text: Hagen charges them with his broadsword, running them through
text: like a kabob. He places his foot near the hilt of his sword
text: and draws out the fully-buried blade.
text: He finds a dead Frankish knight and exchanges his Moslem shield
text: for a kite-shaped Crusader shield. He puts on Crusader shoulder
text: armor, and yanks the open-faced helmet from the dead Crusader’s
dialog: head.
text: Hagen is starting to look like himself again.
speaker_heading: EMMICH,
text: horseless, wades among the ranks of men, using his sword to
text: drive terrified soldiers back to battle.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Fight until the arrows find you!
dialog: 106.
text: Some drop to their knees and take up the hymn of martyrdom.
text: Emmich prods them to their feet.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Fight! Or beg for death when they
dialog: pound stakes up your ass!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: looks around and sees a Moslem footsoldier trying to mount a
text: Crusader horse. He slays the Arab and heaves himself into the
text: saddle. He shoves the helmet over his head.
text: Now Hagen is once more a complete knight.
text: A LARGE CLOUD OF SMOKE,
text: backlit by flames, engulfs the camp. Moslems flash by on their
text: horses like demonic shadows.
speaker_heading: THE CRUSADERS
text: are retreating en masse.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: wheels around on his horse and sees a Crusader on the ground,
text: besieged on all sides. Seizing a pike from a footsoldier, he
text: gallops to save him.
text: Using the hook, he snatches a Moslem off the knight and hurls
text: him away. He stabs another with the pike.
text: The Crusader struggles to his feet. Turning to face Hagen, he
text: lifts his helmet and laughs. It’s Emmich.
text: Ivo rides up with a horse for Emmich, and he mounts, still
text: laughing at Hagen as he retreats before the Moslem onslaught.
speaker_heading: EVEN GODFREY
text: must retreat as Ibn Khaldun’s knights rout the Crusaders back
text: into their smoke-enshrouded camp.
speaker_heading: ONLY HAGEN
text: holds his ground. Engulfed by the advancing Moslem cavalry,
text: he fights like a berserker. Then he disappears into the
text: spreading smoke.
scene_heading: THE CRUSADER ARMY
text: degenerates into panic. Soldiers turn tail and run. Others
text: kneel around Adhemar, ‘praying as they await final martyrdom.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: DJARVAT AND HIS HORSEMEN
text: charge the circle of prayer, slaying unarmed monks with great
dialog: relish.
speaker_heading: THE MADMAN
text: retreats with the army, spouting nonsensical prophecy. Looking
text: over his shoulder, he sees something so astounding that he stops
text: running, stops ranting ~- and watches in awe.
speaker_heading: MADMAN'S POV
text: On the wall of smoke a remarkable vision appears.
text: Projected onto the dark cloud by the backlight of the setting
text: sun is the huge mounted silhouette of a Crusader knight on
text: horseback -- a gigantic SHADOW WARRIOR. The Shadow Warrior
text: fights off Moslems who attack him two and three at a time.
speaker_heading: THE MADMAN
text: siezes fleeing Crusaders and violently forces them turn around.
speaker_heading: MADMAN
dialog: Look! Look!
text: Monks and peasants cross themselves upon seeing the holy
text: apparition.
speaker_heading: MADMAN
dialog: Christ! On the clouds of heaven!
dialog: The Lord has come!
text: A hysteria spreads through the crowd.
speaker_heading: _. VOICES
dialog: Jesus is here! Christ has come to
dialog: deliver us!
scene_heading: GODFREY, EMMICH, ADHEMAR
text: stare at the giant silhouette, struggling to comprehend its
dialog: meaning.
scene_heading: THEIR POV: THE APPARITION
text: A Moslem Horseman charges out of the cloud of smoke directly
text: at CAMERA like the angel of. death, sword held high, shouting
dialog: in Arabic -- the epitome of jihad.
text: The Shadow Warrior turns toward the terrifying Saracen and
text: throws his sword like a javelin.
text: The sword flies out of the dense smoke and strikes the Moslem
text: through the back like a thunderbolt. When the Moslem keels
text: forward, the sword arcs straight up like a triumphant cross,
text: surrounded by a mystical aureole of sunlight.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: EMMICH AND GODFREY
text: gasp in wonder.
speaker_heading: _ GODFREY
dialog: God is with us! Turn and fight!
speaker_heading: / EMMICH :
dialog: Fight, you cowards! God wills
dialog: victory!
text: Knights pick up the cry, “God wills it." Like a wave, the
text: resolve to fight spreads through the entire army.
scene_heading: THE SHADOW WARRIOR
text: rides out of the cloud and the smoke around him disperses. The
text: Madman is the first to recognize him. It is Hagen!
speaker_heading: MADMAN
dialog: Hagen! Hagen is Lord! Maranatha!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: retrieves his sword from the Saracen’s back. When he looks up,
text: he sees that half the Crusade is staring at him in awe. Hagen
text: pauses for a breath, then raises his sword high.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Fight for your lives! Follow me}
text: Hagen turns his horse and leads the Crusaders in a charge.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
text: is astounded to see the Crusaders riding toward him. At the
text: threshold of victory, the Moslems hesitate. And in that moment,
text: the tide of battle shifts.
text: Trumpets blare, rallying the Christians.
scene_heading: HAGEN, GODFREY, EMMICH
text: lead the way, riding in small groups into a sea of Moslems.
text: Inspired by faith, the Crusaders battle fearlessly, savagely,
dialog: pressing forward,
text: THE HEAVILY ARMORED KNIGHTS
text: close on the more lightly armored Saracens. Fighting in tight
text: quarters, the Moslems are overpowered.
text: IBN KHALDUN AND HIS KNIGHTS
text: slowly retreat before the onslaught, filling the gaps, bravely
text: fighting but losing ground.
dialog: be
dialog: °
dialog: .o
scene_heading: DJARVAT AND HIS MEN
text: are attacked in the middle of the camp by peasants and
text: footsoldiers wild with the scent of blood.
text: With their pikes and and clubs and shovels, the lowest of the
text: Crusaders overwhelm the black~robed horsemen, pulling several
text: to the ground and mashing them to a pulp.
text: The peasants converge on Djarvat and try to drag him out of the
text: saddle. He hacks at them, but the Crusaders keep coming.
text: Djarvat panics.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT .
dialog: Retreat! Retreat! These Christians
dialog: are possessed!
text: Djarvat wheels his horse and trampels those who hamper his
dialog: retreat.
text: He and his black-robes gallop through the camp, pursued by the
dialog: fanatical Crusaders.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
text: watches in disbelief as Djarvat and his men flee the field of
dialog: battle.
text: Many of his beleaguered knights, seeing this betrayal, abandon
text: their orderly retreat and flee for their lives.
text: A BODY OF CRUSADERS .
text: pursue the routed Moslems, inflicting terrible losses.
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN,
text: abandoned by half his army, fights on with the stalwart remnant.
text: Hagen sees Ibn Khaldun in the middle of the fray and drives his
text: horse towards him.
text: Ibn Khaldun sees Hagen. Their eyes meet and Hagen shouts.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Leila escaped! She is safe!
speaker_heading: IBN KHALDUN
dialog: No! Djarvat has her still!
text: Hagen is astounded. Ibn Khaldun nods with shared regret.
text: Ibn Khaldun looks around and sees there is no hope. He turns
text: to Hagen, a face he can.trust. He shouts to his color guard.
speaker_heading: / IBN KHALDUN
dialog: Strike colors! Strike colors!
dialog: 110.
text: The banners are thrown down. Hagen yells at the Crusaders
text: around him. .
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Give them quarter! They surrender!
text: Some of the men back off. Godfrey echoes the shout.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: They’ve struck their colors! Give
dialog: them quarter!
text: Suddenly, there is a blood-curdling shriek.
text: Emmich, Ivo, and a party of his men ride on the Moslem command,
text: who have now lowered their swords. Ibn Khaldun manages a last
text: look toward Hagen as he is cut down by Emmich.
text: Hagen rides into the tray and restrains two Crusaders, but he
text: is powerless to stop the bloodbath. He turns away from what
text: quickly becomes a slaughter.
scene_heading: PEASANTS AND FOOTSOLDIERS
text: flood forward with their tools and weapons to beat the life from
text: the remaining Moslems as they desperately scramble for escape.
text: Crusader women and children join the fray, chasing a crawling
text: Moslem, hacking at him with sickles and hoes.
text: Hagen reacts with disgust while knights laugh and shout
dialog: encouragement.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
text: turns and looks at the pitiful remnants of a Mighty Arab army.
text: Bitter and ashame@, he rides for the hills with the survivors.
speaker_heading: AROUND HAGEN,
text: the cry, “Jerusalem, God wills it!" begins and becomes a chorus.
text: But Hagen is silent.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREAM BANK - DUSK
text: Alone, Hagen washes his face beside a stream. In the distance
text: the cries and chants of the Crusaders can still be heard.
text: Sitting back he removes the “Hand of Fatima” which Leila gave
text: him, Holding it in his palm, he thinks of Leila.
text: In a sudden rage, Hagen tears at his white tunic decorated with
text: the crimson cross, symbol of the Crusade. He rips the garment
text: in two and throws it’on the ground.
text: Then behind him he hears a SOUND. Hagen’s hand goes to his
text: weapon. Rising, he peers into the surrounding forest and sees --
dialog: lll.
speaker_heading: A WHITE HORSE
text: staring at him from the foliage. The animal nickers and steps
text: out, It wears a bridle, saddle, and blood-stained trappings
text: emblazoned with crimson CROSSES.
speaker_heading: HAGEN SMILES
text: recognizing his old mare that was lost when he sailed from Bari.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: It’s you.
text: The white horse nods and steps forward. Hagen steps to it and
text: strokes its head.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What a smart girl you are. How
dialog: did you find me?
text: The mare nuzzles him. Hagen glances again at the Hand of Fatima
text: which he still holds.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Tf you can find me, I can find
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CRUSADER CAMP - NIGHT
text: Hagen returns to the camp leading the white horse, from which
text: he has removed all the trappings. There is a celebratory mood
text: around him. Crusaders drink and carouse in victory. The
text: harlot’s cart is doing a land office business.
text: The Madman sees Hagen and proclaims his arrival.
speaker_heading: MADMAN
dialog: The Saviour! Hagen of the Cross!
dialog: Deliver us from evil!
text: Crusaders of all types turn toward Hagen, cross themselves,
text: touch him reverently. Many fall in behind Hagen, following him
text: as he walks.
text: Hagen ignores them all, wanting no part of this Crusade.
scene_heading: BROTHER BERNARD
text: emerges from the shadows ahead and calls to him.
scene_heading: BROTHER BERNARD
dialog: Hagen,...
text: Brother Bernard approches him.
dialog: 
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: BROTHER BERNARD
dialog: Bishop Adhemar sent me to find
dialog: you. His wound is quite grave.
text: There isn’t much time.
text: Hagen nods wearily and follows the monk. His unwelcome
text: entourage trails behind.
scene_heading: INT. ADHEMAR'S TENT - NIGHT
text: Hagen, still wearing body armor, steps into a large tent.
text: Monks kneel in prayer around Adhemar's bed. A triangular death
text: mask of black velvet embroidered with a silver skull is beside
text: the pillow. Brother Bernard whispers to the old man that Hagen
dialog: has come.
text: Adhemar, breathing in short gasps looks up at him.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Hagen,...
text: Hagen says nothing. He waits uneasily as Adhemar whispers to
text: Brother Bernard who motions the others to leave. Adhemar
text: gestures Hagen to sit beside him.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: Sit by me.
text: Hagen sits. Adhemar reaches out and touches his arm.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR ;
dialog: I am dying. Help me to die in
dialog: peace.
text: Hagen looks at the old man, at a loss for words.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What can I do?
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: I fear deeply that I have failed
dialog: God. I am tormented by the
dialog: horrors,...by the suffering, that
dialog: i have allowed in his name.
text: Hagen sees the mortal terror in Adhemar’s eyes.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: You are chosen by God. It must
dialog: be you who takes the Cross.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The cross?
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: The True Cross in the Holy
dialog: Sepulchre. Take it and rule.
dialog: You alone are blessed.
text: Hagen agonizes over what he can say. Finally.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No, Bishop, I am not blessed.
text: Adhemar shakes his head in a denial of Hagen’s words. He grips
text: Hagen’s arm with a sudden rush of strength.
speaker_heading: ADHEMAR
dialog: You bear his sign. Follow God's
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I know nothing of God’s will.
text: Hagen speaks without looking at Adhemar.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The cross on my back is a brand
dialog: that I burned on myself to escape
dialog: hanging. My dream was alla
dialog: ie...
text: Hagen turns to Adhemar.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I deceived you.
text: Adhemar lies with his eyes open. He is dead, but his expression
text: implies he is at peace.
speaker_heading: HAGEN RISES
text: from the bed and backs away. A monk moves past him from the
text: door, kneels, and begins praying. Another crosses to Adhemar,
text: closes his eyes and places the death mask over his face. As
text: Hagen moves away the tent gradually fills with clergy, intoning
dialog: prayers for Adhemar.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CRUSADER ARMY - OUTSIDE JERUSALEM - DAWN
text: A huge choir sings praise of the Lord as the vast army of
text: Crusaders descends from the hills surrounding Jerusalem. The
text: domes of the city gleam like gold in the sun’s first rays.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
text: walks at the lead, barefoot, wearing a monk’s robes. Behind
text: him his large contingent of loyal knights follow in penitent
dialog: procession.
dialog: 114,
scene_heading: EMMICH RIDES ON HORSEBACK
text: at the head of his large camp of conquerors.
text: HAGEN IS NEXT, ASTRIDE HIS WHITE HORSE.
text: But following him, the Madman whips himself with a scourge, a
text: few steps ahead of a legion of followers -- hundreds of
text: footsoldiers, peasants, and humble knights, all fanatically
text: devoted to the miraculous Hagen of the Cross.
text: The sight of the walled city excites them to a frenzy. Many
text: throw away their shoes and stumble ahead, their bare feet torn
text: and bloody from the rocks. Some crawl on their knees in
dialog: penitence,
text: Hagen stares at the city trying to peer through the walls.
text: Trying to see Leila.
text: Emmich drops back and waits for Hagen. Hagen ignores him, but
text: Emmich walks alongside.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Hagen, I’m in your debt. You
dialog: saved my life.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: That was a mistake.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: No, brother. Even enemies can
dialog: be useful to*each other.
text: Hagen glances suspiciously at Emmich, who nods toward Godfrey.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: What do you gain if Godfrey
dialog: becomes king? A handful of coins?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Whatever I can take.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: If I wear the crown, you’ll have
dialog: my lands in France. Our father’s
dialog: estate will be yours.
text: Hagen’s eyes betray a flash of interest.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You're a liar.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: What need will I have for a
dialog: hillside of grapes when I’m
dialog: sitting on Herod's throne? We’ll
dialog: never see each other again.
dialog: 115.
text: Hagen walks on a few steps.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: what do you want?
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Only your love. -- And the loyalty
dialog: of those who follow you.
text: Emmich glances back at Hagen‘s large army of supporters. Hagen
text: thinks for a moment, then turns amicably to Emmich.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Brother, before I see you King
dialog: of Jerusalem...
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: I'll wear the crown myself.
text: Hagen smiles at him a beat, then marches forward.
text: Emmich stops in place, seething, as Hagen‘s army streams around
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALLS OF THE CITY - DAY
text: Moslems hoot and jeer from the heights of the walls as Crusader
text: knights begin the construction of siege towers.
scene_heading: EXT. INNER WALLS OF JERUSALEM - DAY
text: Citizens under the supervision of the city’s guard pile bales
text: of cotton against the gates.
text: Masons are walling across streets to make interior barricades.
text: A CLATTER OF HOOVES.
text: Djarvat, iftikhar the Governor, and seven horsemen ride at speed
text: through the streets.
text: They stop at the gates of Ibn Khaldun’s palace and Djarvat, now
text: clearly the leader of Jerusalem, shouts to a guard. The gates
text: open and they enter.
scene_heading: INT. IBN KHALDUN’S PALACE - A COURTYARD ~ DAY
text: Leila, in a veil of mourning, faces Djarvat in a small
text: courtyard, surrounded by his black-robed minions.
speaker_heading: _ DJARVAT
dialog: Dugeq still desires you. Tomorrow,
dialog: you will leave for Damascus.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: I would rather die.
text: Djarvat indicates two of his men.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: They will see that doesn’t happen.
dialog: You should thank me, princess,...
dialog: Dugaq promises to rout these
dialog: Christians. After your father's
dialog: defeat, you might restore some
dialog: honor to your name.
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: My father sought peace. He died
text: with his honor intact, a victim
dialog: of your deception.
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM OFF THE COURTYARD - DAY
text: In a darkened room Ari peers through the filigree and listens
text: as Djarvat gives final orders to his men,
speaker_heading: DJARVAT (IN THE B.G.)
dialog: watch her carefully. I'11 arrange
dialog: your departure for dawn.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SIEGE TOWERS - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: HAGEN,
text: apart from other workers, swings an axe, cutting logs into
text: usable shapes as part of the huge construction effort. As he
text: works a LONE MONK, whose face is hidden under a raised cowl,
text: walks nearby spouting verse to encourage the workers.
speaker_heading: LONE MONK
dialog: Heed the Revelations! Wherein it
dialog: tells of Jerusalem's fall:
dialog: “Forward Pilgrims, death to all
dialog: who have offended Christ!”
text: Hagen doesn't look up or pay attention as the Monk approaches,
text: delivering his final Pyords almost directly into Hagen’s face.
speaker_heading: LONE MONK
dialog: “Leave not woman nor child!
dialog: Exterminate the filth and bring
dialog: the day of redemption.” Have you
dialog: the stomach for it, Knight?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: looks into the Monk's face.
speaker_heading: THE MONK
text: is Ari. After a quick smile of recognition, he grabs Hagen’s
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: _ ARI
dialog: Come Knight! Pray with me.
dialog: 117.
text: Ari moves Hagen a short distance away and kneels, pulling Hagen
text: down beside him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Have you seen Leila? Is she well?
speaker_heading: ARI
text: She is captive in the palace.
dialog: Djarvat rules now.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The battle begins tonight. Tell
dialog: her to stay hidden till I arrive.
speaker_heading: ARI .
dialog: Hagen, Leila is in danger even
dialog: beyond this madness. -- Djarvat
dialog: has sold her to Dugaq. She’ll
dialog: be carried to Damascus at dawn.
text: Hagen stands and ponders what to do.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Take me to her. Now.
text: Ari grabs his arm and holds him.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Wait. There is a way through the
dialog: walls, But not before sundown.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALLS OF JERUSALEM - DUSK
text: By firelight huge siege towers are pulled by hundreds of men
text: toward the the walls. Emmich exhorts his team to greater
dialog: effort.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Pull! Soon you’ll all be rich}
speaker_heading: FROM THE WALLS
text: There is a sudden eruption of fireballs into the night sky.
scene_heading: THE FIREBALLS ARC
text: out and strike among the Crusaders who pull the towers.
text: They break, spreading flame like napalm.
text: A fireball breaks on the tower itself, setting it afire.
scene_heading: EXT. ATOP THE WALLS - DUSK
text: Djarvat orders squads of Moslem soldiers to quickly load clay
text: balls, each with a burning fuse, into catapults. Another
text: barrage of Greek Fire (fireballs) is launched.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SIEGE TOWERS - NIGHT
text: Godfrey commands a bucket brigade that hoists buckets up the
text: towers to control the fire.
speaker_heading: REPLACEMENTS,
text: Monks, commoners and even women, step over the charred bodies
text: of fallen comrades and take the ropes. Singing the anthem
text: “Congregati sunt” they drag the siege tower toward the walls.
scene_heading: EXT. A RUIN NEAR THE BASE OF THE WALLS - NIGHT
text: Fireballs, launched from the walls above, explode near two
text: running figures, illuminating Ari and Hagen.
text: They scramble for cover in the rocks as arrows, some tipped with
text: flame, whistle down on them from the walls.
text: Ari pulls Hagen down into a crawlway. They move on their
text: bellies and enter a hole through the rock that leads below.
scene_heading: INT. AN ANCIENT CISTERN ~ NIGHT
text: Sliding down a steep slanting face of stone, Ari splashes into
text: shallow water at the bottom. Hagen comes down in a controlled
text: slide behind him.
text: Ari removes a ball of fire wool from his shirt and an oil soaked
text: torch. In the moonlight from the entrance he strikes a flint
text: and lights a fire as Hagen gazes around.
text: THE LIGHT OF ARI‘S TORCH ILLUMINATES
text: a room where they stand ankle deep in filthy water. Animal
text: bones are strewn throughout.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: It was built to drain the blood
dialog: of sacrifices from the Temple of
dialog: Solomon,...I played hide and seek
dialog: here when I was a child. My first
dialog: holy relics were gathered from
dialog: these bones.
text: Forced to a crouch, Hagen follows Ari into a passageway.
scene_heading: EXT, THE SIEGE - NIGHT
text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Under a hail of stones, arrows and Greek Fire, the siege towers
text: are inched to the walls. A carpet of dead lays strewn behind,
text: showing the path they took.
dialog: 119.
text: Soldiers crank the launcher of a mangonel. Emmich supervises
text: as his men whip Moslem prisoners, forcing them to boost a huge
text: rock into the catapult.
text: Emmich sights the weapon at a parapet ordering last minute
dialog: adjustments.
text: The weapon fires and a huge stone whistles up toward the city.
scene_heading: ATOP THE WALLS
text: The stone shatters a wall and collapses a section of roof near
text: Djarvat, killing the Moslem archers who use it for cover.
text: Djarvat barely escapes being crushed by a stone.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE WALLS
text: Emmich laughs then turns, facing the Moslem prisoners.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: More rocks!
speaker_heading: A PRISONER
dialog: There are no more, Effendi.
text: Emmich stares at them in rage. He shouts to Ivo.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Use their heads.
text: Emmich and the other Crusaders attack the unarmed prisoners,
text: hacking at them.
text: Heads are piled into the launcher.
text: The catapult springs.
scene_heading: ATOP THE WALLS
text: Djarvat and his troops are struck by a barrage of human heads.
text: Iftikhar climbs onto the parapet, tripping over the grisly
text: projectiles. He approaches Djarvat in a panic.
speaker_heading: IFTIKHAR
dialog: Send the princess now! We need
dialog: Dugaq’s army!
text: Djarvat looks from his demoralized defenders to the inflamed
text: Crusaders below.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: Stay here. I'‘11 deliver her
dialog: myself. .
text: He climbs down a ladder, leaving Iftikhar in command.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WAILING WALL - NIGHT
text: Hagen and Ari scramble from the cistern into the ruins of the
text: Temple inside the walls of Jerusalem. Near the Temple Gate,
text: above their heads is a whistling sound and a heavy crash as a
text: rock slams into the roof of a building. They squeeze against
text: a wall as brick cascades down in front of them.
text: When the danger has passed they run for Ibn Khaldun’s palace,
speaker_heading: IVO HOLDS A TORCH
text: to the oil-soaked rags on the tip of a giant, ten-foot arrow
text: that protrudes from a massive, cannon-sized, crossbow.
text: A second arrow is lit on another giant crossbow.
dialog: A third.
scene_heading: INT. IBN KHALDUN'S PALACE - NIGHT
text: Fires burn in the entry of the palace. A burning arrow crashes
text: through the ceiling.
text: Djarvat and four of his men hold Leila as bricks and burning
text: timbers fall around them. She struggles to get away and he
text: smacks her.
text: He shoves her down a flight of stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: The courtyard is lit by the glow of fires from the burning
text: palace. Djarvat and his men emerge with Leila between them.
speaker_heading: DJARVAT
dialog: (shouting orders)
dialog: Tie her on the horse,...
dialog: (to another man)
dialog: Ride ahead to the Gate. Keep it
dialog: open!
text: Leila spits in his face. Djarvat kicks her in the stomach, and
text: the men drag her to the horse.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALLS ~ NIGHT
text: A full assault begins. The siege towers are pushed to the
text: walls. Under a hail of stones and Greek fire, the Crusader
text: knights climb the towers.
scene_heading: ATOP THE TOWER
text: squads of crossbowmen, archers, and soldiers, hurling burning
text: pitch, launch a fusillade against the Moslems guarding the city
text: wall, only twenty feet away.
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: SLOWLY, FROM THE TOWER
text: a bridge-like structure is cranked out toward the walls.
scene_heading: EXT, IBN KHALDUN’S PALACE GATE - NIGHT
text: Djarvat and three men gallop out of the gate with Leila and
text: proceed down a busy street. They turn into...
scene_heading: EXT, A DESERTED ALLEY - NIGHT
text: But rubble blocks their way. They swing around to retrace their
dialog: steps, but...
speaker_heading: HAGEN AND ARI
text: rush into the alley and block their retreat.
text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Djarvat reins his horse and draws a scimitar. The guard in
text: front charges, scimitar raised. Hagen gashes his side with a
text: swing of his broadsword.
text: Djarvat tries to turn his horse but Ari lunges and grabs the
text: reins. In the struggle for control, Djarvat’s horse shies,
text: twists, and falls onto its side.
text: As the third black-robe calms his steed, Ari cuts Leila from
dialog: her horse.
text: Djarvat springs to his feet, scimitar in hand. Hagen rushes
text: toward him, brandishing his larger broadsword.
text: Djarvat snatches the dead guard’s scimitar from the ground and
text: mow faces Hagen with a weapon in both hands.
text: A whirlwind of blades, Djarvat. charges Hagen, forcing him back.
text: Against such speed, Hagen cannot strike out with his bulky
text: weapon, but only use its side to defend himself. He blocks a
text: torrent of deadly blows, but Djarvat’s blades strike closer and
text: closer to flesh.
text: MISSILES FROM THE CRUSADER MANGONELS
text: smash into the building above them, crumbling its walls. Hagen
text: and Djarvat are bombarded by rubble and knocked to the ground.
text: Ari yanks Leila safely into a doorway. The remaining guard on
text: horseback is buried under heavy stones.
text: Hagen digs through debris for the sword which dropped from his
text: hand. Djarvat has lost one scimitar but still grips the other.
text: He gets to his feét.
text: Hagen finds the hilt of his sword and grabs it -- but Djarvat
text: already stands over him, scimitar raised high.
text: Djarvat smiles. The scimitar begins its downward arc.
dialog: 122.
text: BUT A FLASHING BLADE SEVERS HIS HAND ABOVE THE WRIST!
text: Djarvat twists in shock to see his spurting arm...and Leila,
text: face contorted with rage, holding a bloody scimitar.
text: With eyes hard as a falcon’s, Leila HACKS down again, and again,
dialog: and again!
text: Djarvat topples to the ground, dead.
text: Hagen climbs from a pile of debris and comforts Leila, who
text: shudders in his arms.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALLS BY THE SIEGE TOWERS - NIGHT
text: under a hail of arrows and missiles, Moslems drag a huge vat
text: of burning oil to the wall. Many are cut down as they dump it
text: over the side.
text: LOWER DOWN THE TOWER,
text: men cranking wheels that extend the bridge are doused by burning
text: oil. They fall away but others quickly take their places.
text: THE BRIDGE TOUCHES THE WALL
text: and Godfrey shouts the command to charge. Led by Emmich, the
text: knights in heavy armor walk across the bridge, swinging their
text: swords, hacking a swath through the Moslem guards.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: To the Temple Gates! Open the
dialog: gates!
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF JERUSALEM - NIGHT
text: Hagen, Leila, and Ari are swept along in a sea of terrified
text: civilians. They turn and run toward the Wailing Wall.
text: At an intersection, they see the Temple Gate open, Crusader
text: footsoldiers pour through. Civilians, women and children, are
text: chased and hacked down by the frenzied footsoldiers.
text: Hagen, Leila, and Ari stop at the corner of a building and stare
text: for a beat at the massacre.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Oniy one place is safe. The Holy
dialog: Sepulchre. They'll spare the
dialog: Christians.
text: They turn and, following him, race away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JEWISH QUARTER - NIGHT
text: Jews run from their houses as Crusaders swarm the streets,
text: torching whatever will burn.
text: The Hermit Monk climbs to a rooftop holding a staff with the
text: cross atop it.
speaker_heading: HERMIT MONK
dialog: The Jews that murdered our
dialog: saviour! Kill them! Exterminate the
dialog: name of Israel!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR THE SYNAGOGUE - NIGHT
text: Hagen, Ari, and Leila run along a street littered with Jewish
text: dead. At a cross street they see---
speaker_heading: JEWS,
text: flock from all directions toward their synagogue. Most wear
text: prayer shawls and carry books of prayers. Singing can be heard
text: from within as the masses press toward the doors of the
dialog: building.
text: ARI STOPS COLD IN HIS TRACKS
text: and watches them. The shouts and cries of Emmich and the
text: approaching Crusaders can be heard. “Death to the Jews,...Death
dialog: to the enemies of Christ!”
text: Ari suddenly gasps, seeing--
text: Yacub, his uncle, wearing a prayer shawl and holding a Torah.
text: Yacub hurries toward the synagogue among the others.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Oh, God...
dialog: {shouts)
dialog: Yacub!
text: Ari shouts again for his uncle, who doesn’t hear him. ari turns
dialog: to Leila.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Princess, you know the way to the
dialog: sepulchre?
speaker_heading: LEILA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Go without me.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Go!
text: Hagen takes his arm. Ari pulls away.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: My uncle is a Jew. -- And so am
dialog: I.
text: Hagen looks at Ari for a beat.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: He needs me. Go!
text: Ari kisses Hagen and draws back.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: We’ll meet again,
text: Ari launches himself into the crowd, fighting his way toward
text: his uncle, shouting his name.
text: AT THE DOORS OF THE SYNAGOGUE,
text: Yacub stops and turns. He sees Ari.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Wait! Don't go in!
text: Yacub struggles to stand in place as the mob of panicked Jews
text: crushes him into the synagogue.
text: A SQUAD OF CRUSADERS
text: emerges from a side street firing with crossbows.
scene_heading: HAGEN AND LEILA -
text: duck back as arrows slam around them. They crouch as a second
text: barrage of arrows sticks in the doorway above their heads.
text: Hagen shelters Leila as they are forced back toward the shelter
text: of a side street.
text: AT THE DOORS OF THE SYNAGOGUE,
text: Ari reaches Yacub and tries to pull him away.
text: The press of the mob is too strong. They are forced inside.
text: Crusaders slam the doors closed behind them and seal the
text: entrance with a large timber.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET - NIGHT
text: As Hagen and Leila race down a street they are suddenly
text: confronted by SEVERAL FOOTSOLDIERS hurling booty from a house.
speaker_heading: FOOTSOLDIER
dialog: That Moslem beauty should be
dialog: shared my friend.
text: Hagen cuts down the leader and holds the others back with his
text: sword as he and Leila pass and continue down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SYNAGOGUE SQUARE - NIGHT
text: The square is a litter of bodies of Jews who did not make it
text: to the synagogue and were cut down by Crusaders.
text: The Hermit Monk, sword in hand, kills alongside the others.
text: Emmich, panting with exhaustion, swings halfheartedly at the
text: pleading masses that surround him, Then he stops and looks up
text: at the synagogue.
text: From inside the sound of singing can be heard.
speaker_heading: HERMIT MONK
dialog: They still worship. Burn them!
dialog: Burn the temple. .
text: The cry of “Burn Them,” is taken up by the others.
speaker_heading: IVO AND OTHERS
text: push a cartload of hay beneath the doorway of the synagogue and
text: set fire to it.
text: The soldiers cheer and shout as it blazes up.
text: GODFREY’S MEN OPEN A GATE IN THE CITY WALL,
text: and horses are driven into the city. Crusaders rush to mount
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SYNAGOGUE - NIGHT
text: Emmich stands before the synagogue watching it burn. Ivo is
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: We’ve done good.
speaker_heading: Ivo
dialog: Emmich, the street of the gold
dialog: smiths...There’s jewels, treasure
dialog: of all kinds,...
text: Horses are led into the square by Crusaders. Emmich and Ivo
dialog: saddle up.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: There’s only one treasure here.
text: The True Cross. The man who has
dialog: it has the crown.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLY SEPULCHRE - NIGHT
text: Christians and Moslem refugees, mainly women and children, enter
text: the courtyard of the Sepulchre through a large gate.
dialog: 126.
text: Huge flaming bolts arc across the sky and strike the surrounding
dialog: buildings.
scene_heading: EXT, THE SEPULCHRE WALL - NIGHT
text: Hagen and Leila have reached the gate. In the background, smoke
text: pours from the foolscap dome of the Sepulchre.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD OF THE HOLY SEPULCHRE ~ NIGHT
text: Hagen and Leila press through the gate. They are guided by |
text: monks and nuns to shelter under the archways of the surrounding
dialog: buildings.
text: Hagen looks toward the burning church. A bucket brigade of
text: monks is trying to put out the flames.
speaker_heading: HAGEN’S GAZE
text: comes to rest on the door of the Holy Sepulchre. Smoke pours
text: from inside and Hagen reacts as---
scene_heading: AN OLD MONK, THEODOSIUS,
text: appears through the smoke. His eyes desperately search the
text: crowd, the young, the old, the feeble. But his penetrating gaze
text: finds Hagen. He points at him and calls out.
speaker_heading: THEODOSIUS
dialog: You!...Come!
speaker_heading: HAGEN,
text: amazed, starts toward the monk.
speaker_heading: THEODOSIUS
dialog: You have strength. Help us save
dialog: the cross.
text: Hagen, stricken by the old man’s words, glances at Leila, then
text: steps to the doorway.
text: The old monk stares at him through the swirling smoke. His
text: words are indistinct in the roar of the flame.
speaker_heading: THEODOSIUS
dialog: TI am Theodosius. God has sent
dialog: you.
text: He turns into the smoke-filled entrance, and Hagen follows.
scene_heading: INT. THE SEPULCHRE - NIGHT
text: Fire licks at tapestries and icons as monks work a bucket
text: brigade in a futile effort to control it. Above, the roof
text: timbers are ablaze.
dialog: 127,
text: Hagen, Collowing Theogosius, sees the altar through smoke and
text: flames.
speaker_heading: POV HAGEN
text: A silver cross stands before the Mosaic of Abraham. A beam
text: suddenly drops from the ceiling and fire rises, obliterating
text: it from view. Then, magically, it reappears.
text: HAGEN PUSHES TO THE ALTAR.
text: He steps through burning rubble. Flames scorch the silver as
text: he reaches the cross.
text: At the center of the silver cross is a piece of ancient
text: blackened wood, the remains of the True Cross.
text: Hagen grabs the cross member with his hands. He winces. His
text: hands are burned at its touch, but he holds it and slowly lifts
text: it from the altar and settles it onto his back.
text: At the touch of the hot metal, his shirt burns away and he
text: groans with pain as he struggles with his burden.
scene_heading: THE MONKS FIGHT
text: back the flames with buckets of water as Hagen carries the heavy
text: cross toward the door. Theodosius walks ahead, guiding him
text: through the smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SEPULCHRE COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: Emmich and his men ride to the outer door of the compound. A
text: ram is brought forward and slammed against it. The door
text: collapses and they ride into the courtyard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Emmich leads his men into the courtyard and his look goes
dialog: straight to the Sepulchre.
text: LIKE AN IMAGE FROM A RELIGIOUS PAINTING
text: Hagen appears through smoke and flames carrying the cross.
text: THE CRUSADERS AROUND EMMICH
text: are stricken. They stare, amazed, as---
text: HAGEN STEPS FROM THE SEPULCHRE.
text: Staggering under the weight, he descends the steps, with
text: Theodosius and monks following.
scene_heading: HIS HEAD LOWERED, HAGEN
text: is unaware of Emmich. As he walks he hears the clanking of
text: armor, Looking up, he sees---
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: THE KNIGHTS
text: ease themselves off their horses and drop to their knees at the
text: sight of Hagen.
speaker_heading: THE MADMAN
text: is completely awestruck,
text: IN THE COURTYARD,
text: Emmich remains mounted, but many of his men, so stricken by the
text: image of Hagen and the True Cross, push forward a reach to touch
dialog: the relic.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Pathetic fools! Kill him!
dialog: None respond to Emmich.
scene_heading: HAGEN CALLS TO
text: Theodosius and the monks who now surround him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN .
dialog: Take the Cross! Hide it where no
dialog: crusader will ever find it!
text: At Theodosius’ command, a dozen monks lift the Cross from
text: Hagen’s back. As they take it away, Hagen draws his sword.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Seize the Cross!
text: Emmich looks down to see Ivo on his knees, praying alongside
text: all the others. The Madman cries out in ecstasy.
speaker_heading: MADMAN
dialog: Hagen is king! King of Jerusalem!
dialog: Hagen is king!
text: In a mad fury, Emmich draws his sword, rides over Ivo, and
text: pushes his sword through the Madman’s back.
speaker_heading: THE MADMAN
text: collapses onto the ground. With blood dripping from his mouth,
text: he casts a last worshipful look at his hero.
speaker_heading: MADMAN
dialog: Hagen...
speaker_heading: EMMICH
text: reins his horse around and faces Hagen.
speaker_heading: EMMICH
dialog: Yes...Now!
dialog: 129.
text: He charges Hagen, who meets him in a two-handed stance. Emmich’s
text: first swing misses. He swings around for another.
speaker_heading: LEILA WATCHES
text: the unequal battle from the courtyard.
speaker_heading: EMMICH TRIES
text: to trample Hagen. Hagen is knocked down. Emmich’s horse rears
text: and stomps him, but he manages to roll away and spring catlike
text: to his feet.
text: Emmich charges, and Hagen retreats toward the colonnade that
text: lines the courtyard. Emmich swings, but Hagen darts behind a
dialog: column.
text: Emmich maneuvers around the column, hacking at Hagen and forcing
text: him into the open. As Eaunich charges again, Hagen jumps onto
text: the raised porch of the church and swings his sword with all
text: his strength. The blade catches Emmich just below the ribs,
text: severing his head, sword arm and upper torso in one piece.
text: Sword still in a hand, a horrible battle cry bursting from his
text: lungs, Emmich’s upper trunk falls to the dust of the courtyard.
text: The horse squeals in panic and rears with Emmich’s lower body
text: in the saddle. It turns and gallops out the courtyard gate into
text: the streets of Jerusalem with the ghostly half-Emmich still in
dialog: the saddle.
text: HAGEN WATCHES .
text: the horse disappear, then he rams the blade of his sword into
text: the dirt and breaks off the blade.
text: He crosses to Leila and takes her in his arms.
scene_heading: EXT. JERUSALEM - DAWN
text: IN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Fires still burn and a deathly veil of smoke hangs over the
text: city. From somewhere in the streets a chorus of a thousand
text: voices sings an anthem of victory.
text: The burned ruin of Al-Aqsa mosque looms in the foreground as
text: a huge procession passes the lifeless square.
text: The Hermit Monk, now in the robes of a bishop surrounded by
text: acolytes swinging censers of incense, leads a solemn march of
text: the victors through what was once a living city. They step over
text: bodies and limbs and slog through puddles of blood.
text: The gold cross atop his-staff floats through swirls of smoke
text: against a background of fire and devastation.
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: EXT. A SIDE STREET - DAWN
text: Hagen, on foot, leads two horses packed for travel. Leila,
text: wearing a veil, is mounted on one.
text: They emerge onto a square near the burned ruins of the
text: synagogue. The area is littered with Jewish dead. A few pyres
text: of burning bodies are tended by black masked soldiers.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: gazes toward the ruins of the synagogue. Something on the
text: ground catches his eye. He reaches down and lifts a yarmulke.
text: As his thoughts go to Ari the singing is suddenly louder and---
scene_heading: THE CRUSADER PROCESSION APPEARS.
text: Godfrey rides at its head, followed by Ivo and other prominent
text: knights, united in victory.
text: Hagen’s expression betrays disgust, and the same can be read
text: in Leila’s eyes.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
text: sees Hagen. He leaves the others and approaches him.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: Hagen, come to the Holy Sepulchre.
dialog: I am to be crowned king. I
dialog: promise there will be a high place
dialog: for you in my realm.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You'll wear a crown of gold where
dialog: Christ wore a crown of thorns?
text: Godfrey hears the innuendo but chooses to ignore it.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: Join us in giving thanks to God
dialog: for the glory of this conquest.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What glory?
speaker_heading: GODFREY
dialog: Our victory has restored God's
dialog: kingdom.
text: Hagen reacts to the outrageous irony of Godfrey’s words.
speaker_heading: HACEN
dialog: God‘s kingdom.
text: Hagen looks around at the piles of dead and the burning ruins
text: that surround the plaza.
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Take a look around. Take a deep
text: breath and with the stench of
dialog: death in your nose, go tell God
dialog: you've restored his kingdom.
text: Hagen turns and leads the horses away from the procession.
text: Godfrey, fighting whatever wells from his own conscience, backs
text: away and begins singing the Latin words of the anthem.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALLS OF JERUSALEM NEAR DAVID‘’S GATE - MORNING
text: As Hagen and Leila approach the open gate that leads from the
text: city, a RAGGED PEDDLER emerges from the shadows of a building
text: and approaches them.
speaker_heading: . PEDDLER
dialog: Christian,...Christian, wait!
text: Hagen ignores the Peddler and keeps moving, but the man pursues.
speaker_heading: PEDDLER
dialog: When you leave this holy city
dialog: would you not want to carry a
dialog: piece of the True Cross? Surely
dialog: you of all knights have earned
dialog: it for your valor.
text: Hagen turns at the familiar ring of the man’s words.
speaker_heading: A DIRTY FACE
text: smiles up at him. Hagen beams. It's Ari.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Ari!
text: Hagen hugs him and looks him over. Ari is pretty badly bruised
dialog: and burned.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: I found a way out for my uncle
dialog: and ten others.
text: Ari shrugs as Hagen shakes his head, smiling.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: And you? No crown? No treasure?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: we'll live as I was born to live,
dialog: from the land.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: Sad, you had such promise as a
dialog: thief...
text: He takes Leila’s hands.
dialog: 
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: And these soft hands, Princess,
dialog: tilling the soil?
text: . LEILA .
dialog: They will harden as we raise
dialog: erops... And children.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Come with us.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: No, I have my trade. And with
dialog: so many pilgrims, it’s good.
dialog: Already I’ve sold three hairs from
text: the beard of John the Baptist.
text: Hagen smiles.
speaker_heading: ARI
dialog: When you return with the bounty
dialog: of your harvest, come find me.
dialog: I'll either be at the mosque, the
dialog: temple, or the sepulchre...
dialog: wherever the faithful are
dialog: gathered.
text: Another embrace and Hagen and Leila leave.
scene_heading: EXT. DAVID’S GATE - OUTSIDE THE WALLS - MORNING
text: Hagen leads the horses out of the city. In the background the
text: deserted siege towers can be seen along with a few scavengers
text: picking through the dead.
scene_heading: HAGEN GLANCES AROUND
text: and they start on the road away from the city. Hagen takes
text: Leila’s hand and looks up at her. He smiles, kisses her hand,
text: then climbs onto his horse. They canter away, and as the CAMERA
text: PANS up to the walls of Jerusalem, the sound of CHURCH BELLS
text: echoing from within the city is gradually drowned by the sound
text: of WIND.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: one
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS OF LEBANON - DAY
text: The mountains are cloaked in swirling mist as Hagen and Leila
text: ride from the mountain pass into a valley. Ahead, in fields
text: carpeted with spring flowers, the small farm can be seen where
dialog: they first knew love.
speaker_heading: END TITLE
dialog: Even under torture, the monks of
dialog: the Holy Sepulchre refused to
dialog: reveal the hiding place of the
dialog: True Cross. It was never found.
dialog: 
