text: 
speaker_heading: DALLAS BUYERS CLUB
dialog: Written by
dialog: Craig Borten &amp; Melisa Wallack
dialog: December 2, 2012
scene_heading: 1 EXT. RODEO STADIUM - DALLAS - TEXAS - DAY 1
text: Ambient sounds of the CROWD, RODEO, SEX, and a strange
text: RINGING fade in along with IMAGES of...
text: A COWBOY riding a BULL in an enclosed RODEO ring.
text: RON WOODROOF, early 40's, handsome, long sandy hair, denim
text: clad, worn snakeskin boots, dusty, cowboy hat, mirrored
text: aviators, is engaged in wild SEX with a WOMAN. He watches the
text: rodeo through open slats in a BULL STALL as the STEER throws
text: the COWBOY violently thru the air; he lands hard on the dirt.
text: Another WOMAN snorts cocaine and offers some to Ron as he
text: switches over to having SEX with her.
text: The BULL STOMPS the Cowboy with its HOOFS.
text: Ron climaxes -- pleasure and pain seem to come out of him, but
text: we can't hear him, only this strange RINGING.
text: RODEO CLOWNS grab the Cowboy's limp body and drag him out of
text: the ring.
text: Ron catches his breath; something is off.
speaker_heading: RON (V.O.)
dialog: Did ya hear Rock Hudson was a cock
dialog: sucker?
scene_heading: 2 EXT. RODEO STADIUM - LOCKER ROOM - DAY 2
dialog: A Dallas NEWSPAPER folded in half. July. 1985. AIDS. New
text: treatment. In Paris. ROCK HUDSON on the cover. A HAND
text: scribbles numbers over the photo.
speaker_heading: CLINT (V.O.)
dialog: Where'd ya hear that?
dialog: CLINT (32) a greasy hick who's spent the last five months
text: under the hood of a CHEVY, hands RON a WAD of CASH.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It's called a newspaper. You heard of
dialog: it?
text: Ron smiles, adjusts his cowboy hat as he records some bets.
text: Nearby, BULL FIGHTERS are putting on their clown makeup.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What a waste. All that fine Hollywood
text: pussy on a guy who smokes his friends.
text: A HAND comes down through the slats holding a ten dollar bill.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 2
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: C'mon Rog, this ain't the sandbox.
dialog: Twenty's the minimum.
text: ROG slides another ten down; Ron snatches it.
speaker_heading: ROG
dialog: Who the hell's Rock Hudson?
text: Ron looks at Rog. A beat, then he starts laughing, then
dialog: coughing...
scene_heading: 3 EXT. RODEO STADIUM - BULL STALL - DAY 3
text: ...and coughing as we follow him into the stalls. Ron glad-
text: hands as he goes; it seems everyone knows him but doesn't
text: necessarily like him. He makes his way toward T.J., white
text: trash, pale as winter, who wipes vomit from his chin. As he
text: nervously looks down at the big angry BULL he's about to ride,
text: Ron hands him a pint of tequila.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Calm the nerves, brother. You look
dialog: great.
text: T.J. takes a swig, gives him a look.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It's your day, I can feel it.
text: T.J. watches as Ron takes a bottle of NYQUIL out of his pocket
text: and downs it... to stop his hacking cough.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: I don't know, Ron.
text: Ron fans the money out for T.J. to see.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Eight seconds and you'll be gettin blown
dialog: by a hundred dollar hooker before you can
dialog: scrape the bullshit off your boots.
text: Ron winks and smiles. T.J. signals the BULLMAN that he's
dialog: ready. And in five, four, three, two, one...
text: THE GATE is up, the BULL is out, the crowd is HOLLERING and
text: T.J.'s back is bending in unnatural ways.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: C'mon! One one thousand, two one
dialog: thousand, three one thousand...
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 3
text: And T.J. is DOWN.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Ah hen shit!
text: Ron looks to the BLEACHERS. The GAMBLERS are already
text: searching for him.
text: Ron slips out a SIDE ENTRANCE.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. RODEO STADIUM - PARKING LOT - DAY 4
text: Sweating, heart racing, Ron runs across the lot and jumps over
text: fences to escape THE GAMBLERS that are running after him. As
text: they close in, Ron spots a cop, TUCKER, walking towards his
text: patrol car.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Hey, buddy I need you to arrest me.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Fuck off, Woodroof.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Come on, man. I'm serious!
text: Tuck sees the angry mob approaching.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Looks like you got a few pissed off
dialog: customers.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You gonna cuff me or what?
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Figure it out yourself.
text: And with that, Ron PUNCHES Tucker in the face. The mob of
text: Gamblers are stopped in their tracks.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: You son of a bitch!
text: Tucker PUNCHES Ron in the face twice, then cuffs him. He
text: looks at the mob of Gamblers.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Get the fuck outta here before I arrest
dialog: all of you.
text: Ron smiles through a bloodied mouth.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 4
scene_heading: 5 EXT. RON'S TRAILER - DAY 5
text: Tucker's police car pulls up.
speaker_heading: TUCKER (V.O.)
dialog: They're gonna kick the shit out of you
dialog: one day, Woodroof. Maybe worse.
scene_heading: 6 INT. TUCKER'S POLICE CAR - DAY 6
text: Both Ron and Tucker are bleeding and bruised.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Gotta die from somethin'.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Handle your business, huh? Get your
dialog: shit together.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You're startin' to sound like your
dialog: ol' man. How's he doin' by the way?
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There's good days and bad.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (waving him off)
dialog: Ah, he's a tough one.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Though I can't imagine how disappointed
dialog: he must be havin' you for a son.
text: Tucker looks at him, half-smiles.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Get the fuck outta my car.
text: Ron smiles, starts to get out, then stops. Holds his head a
text: moment. We hear the strange RINGING sound again.
speaker_heading: TUCKER (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (covers)
dialog: You rattled my fuckin' brain.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: What brain?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 5
text: Ron forces a smile, then exits the car. Tucker watches as Ron
text: slowly heads toward his trailer; something seems off. After a
text: few beats, Tucker brushes it off and pulls away.
scene_heading: 7 INT. RON'S TRAILER - DAY 7
text: Books, newspapers, empty beer cans and liquor bottles; on
text: the wall, we may notice a painting of some Texas Wildflowers.
text: Ron stumbles in as the RINGING sound comes back. He stops,
text: steadies himself on a piece of furniture, takes a few steps
text: then collapses, unconscious.
scene_heading: 8 INT. RON'S TRAILER - MORNING 8
text: The first shafts of sunlight fall over Ron, still asleep where
text: he dropped. After a few beats, he stirs, pulls himself on to
text: a chair. "What the fuck?".
scene_heading: 9 EXT. OIL FIELD - DAY 9
text: Lunch time. Already a little drunk, Ron finishes off a pint
text: of whiskey as Clint and a battered T.J. eat sandwiches nearby.
text: Ron starts coughing again as he grabs a packet of cocaine out
text: of his shirt pocket. He slides it across the table to Clint
text: who hands him cash.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That shit is purer than a preacher
dialog: daughter's pussy.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Not after you just coughed your lungs all
text: over it.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: You think anymore 'bout Saudi Arabia?
dialog: They need guys over there.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What do you wanna go work for a buncha
dialog: sand niggas for?
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: They pay five times as much, that's why.
text: Ron raises his eyebrows, not bad.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: I'm signing up.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 6
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: They got hot ladies over there?
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: It's a Muslim country. You can't fuck
dialog: the women.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Now that takes me out right there.
text: The FOREMAN races over to them.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Woodroof, there's been an accident on
dialog: platform five. They need an electrician
dialog: right away!
scene_heading: 10 EXT. DRILL PLATFORM - DAY - LATER 10
text: A MEXICAN WORKER has his leg caught in the drill. It's
text: severed and he's losing blood fast. Ron walks over.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Dumb spic. How'd you get your leg in
dialog: there?
text: The guy's breath is coming in short fast spurts.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Where's the ambulance?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: He's illegal.
text: Ron takes his OWN shirt off, rips it in half, kneels down next
text: to the MEXICAN, wipes some sweat off his brow and ties a
text: makeshift tourniquet around his leg.
text: Ron looks to the Foremen.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Go call `em.
dialog: (the FOREMEN doesn't move)
dialog: Go FUCKING call `em.
text: He walks off to call. Ron turns back to the Mexican.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Alright we're going to get you outta
dialog: there but you gotta stay still until I
dialog: say get the fuck out and then you get the
dialog: fuck out. Comprende?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 7
text: The guy nods. Ron walks over to the electrician's box. He's
text: a little DRUNK. He grabs a wire and is about to cut it.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, on the count of three. One,
dialog: two...
text: Ron cuts the wire, an electrical spark shoots out and before
text: he can move back the box blows up in his face. Everything
text: goes black.
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS (V.O.)
dialog: Azidothymidine, or AZT -- was originally
dialog: developed as a treatment for cancer.
scene_heading: 11 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 11
text: Barrow Wilkem rep RICK FERRIS, slick, well-dressed, gold
text: Rolex, 40s, stands before DR. NATHAN SEVARD, 50's, arrogant,
text: DR. EVE SAKS, early 30s, sophisticated, and five other
text: PHYSICIANS, 40s-60s, all members of the hospital board.
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: With the onset of HIV, however, we at
dialog: Barrow Wilkem began a trial in which we
dialog: administered AZT to infected lab animals.
dialog: Initial findings suggested increased CD4
dialog: counts, restored T-cell immunity and also
dialog: evidence of inducing weight gain.
speaker_heading: SEVARD
dialog: Isn't it also true that it had some
dialog: concerning side effects in animal tests,
dialog: significantly decreasing the animals red
dialog: and white blood cells?
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: Yes, but its effect on the virus is
dialog: better than anything else that's been
dialog: tested.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (looking into her file)
dialog: In 64, when AZT was developed for cancer
dialog: treatment, it was shelved due to lack of
dialog: anti cancer efficacy and toxicity.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 8
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: We believe those problems were dosage
dialog: based.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: So you're conducting another animal
dialog: study?
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: Actually the FDA has given us permission
dialog: to go straight to human trials which is
dialog: what brings me here today. We're
text: conducting a double-blind, placebo-
dialog: controlled randomized trial throughout
dialog: the United States. Dallas Mercy is one
dialog: of the proposed sites.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: How long do you see the study going on?
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: We're hoping to fast track it within a
dialog: year? During which time the hospital and
dialog: its administering physicians will be very
dialog: well compensated for their efforts.
text: Eve notices as Sevard trades looks with Board Member #1.
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: Sadly, the AIDS crisis will only get
dialog: worse before it gets better. And I
dialog: know I speak for everyone at Barrow
dialog: Wilkem when I say getting this drug to
dialog: market is our number one priority. This
dialog: is a unique opportunity. A chance to be
dialog: on the forefront in finding a cure.
text: Eve looks at Ferris and smiles.
scene_heading: 12 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY 12
text: Dr. Sevard walks down the hallway with Eve.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Does it not drive you just a little bit
dialog: crazy when these guys stand up there
dialog: talking about curing the sick while
dialog: they're flashing gold Rolexes? What do
dialog: they know about sick patients?
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: They're pharma reps, not doctors. And
dialog: like it or not, this is a business.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 8A
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: How the hell did they get permission to
dialog: go to human trials?
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: People are desperate. People are dying.
dialog: There is nothing else out there.
text: And with that, a NURSE approaches them with a file, surgical
text: mask and latex gloves.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 9
scene_heading: 13 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - ROOM - DAY 13
text: Ron, head and eyes bandaged, lays on a bed. After a few
text: beats, he peels off the eye bandages, gets up. He opens a
text: cabinet, then a drawer. Finds a bag of sucking CANDY, pops a
text: piece in his mouth, puts some in his pocket. He sees his
text: jacket on the back of the door, searches his pockets for a
text: cigarette. He's about to light one when Dr. Sevard enters
text: with Eve Sakes. Both wear surgical masks and latex gloves.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Mr. Woodroof. I'm Dr. Sevard.
text: Ron turns to Eve, flashes a smile.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: We saw something that concerned us in
dialog: your initial blood work so we ran some
dialog: additional tests.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Blood tests.
text: Ron stops moving and tries to assess the situation. Is he in
dialog: trouble?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What kinda blood tests, cause I don't use
dialog: drugs.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: We didn't test you for drugs.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Good, cause that ain't none of yer
dialog: business anyway.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: You've tested positive for HIV --
text: Ron looks at Dr. Sevard blankly.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: ...the virus that causes AIDS.
text: Ron freezes. A long beat.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Who you kidding, Rock cock sucking Hudson
dialog: bullshit?!
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Have you ever used intravenous drugs or
dialog: had any homosexual --
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 10
text: Ron spits out his CANDY.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Homo? Homo? That's what you said,
dialog: right? Shit. You gotta be kidding me.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I ain't no faggot, I don't even know any
dialog: faggots, I'm a rodeo!
text: The room is silent.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Look at me, doc. Come on now, look at
dialog: me. What do you see?
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Your T-cell count is down to nine, a
dialog: healthy person has five hundred to
dialog: fifteen hundred.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What the fuck's a three-Cell?!
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: T-cell. Frankly we're surprised you're
dialog: alive.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well surprise this: you've made a fuckin'
dialog: mistake!
text: Ron looks back and forth from Dr. Saks to Sevard. No mistake.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You must've mixed my blood with some
dialog: daisy puller or sumptin.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: We ran the blood test several times.
text: Eve hands him some pamphlets and other paper work.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: That's some information on HIV and AIDS
dialog: you may find informative and your test
dialog: results.
text: Ron flips through the papers. Becomes frustrated by
text: terminology he doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Mr. Woodroof, we're trying to impress
dialog: upon you the gravity of your situation.
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 11
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Based on your condition, we estimate that
dialog: you have about thirty days to get your
dialog: affairs in order --
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Thirty days?
text: Ron jumps off the examining table.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What is this shit?!
text: They don't respond.
text: Ron laughs incredulously and walks towards the door.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I got a news flash for all y'all, there
dialog: ain't nothin' out there that can kill Ron
dialog: Woodroof in thirty days.
text: Ron looks at the papers, tosses them up in the air and exits.
scene_heading: 14 INT. RON'S TRAILER - NIGHT 14
text: Music BLARES as Ron and T.J. party with two hot girls, KELLY
text: and CRYSTAL, 20s. T.J. cuts a line of coke on a mirror while
text: Ron dances over to the girls with SHOTS of Jack Daniels. They
text: both start kissing, then rubbing up against Ron.
scene_heading: 15 INT. RON'S TRAILER - NIGHT 15
text: T.J. is having sex with Kelly as Ron kisses Crystal; he leans
text: down, snorts what is probably his fiftieth line of coke. He
text: shakes it off, slams some Jack Daniels from the bottle as if
dialog: it was Kool Aid. He's obliterated.
text: As Ron stares off at something, T.J. waves at Crystal to join
text: him and Kelly; as she does, we see what Ron is staring at -- a
speaker_heading: CALENDAR.
dialog: But its days have no numbers. Except one, in blood RED -- 30.
text: Ron snaps out of his hallucination.
scene_heading: 16 INT. RON'S TRAILER - NIGHT 16
text: T.J. sits down next to Ron, takes a rolled up dollar bill and
dialog: does a line of coke.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: Damn doctors cut your balls off?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 12
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Shit, you tell `em you got a cold and
dialog: they'll give you two weeks off. You
dialog: should try it.
text: Ron takes the dollar back as T.J. walks to the table to pour
dialog: himself a drink.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: Well, you didn't miss nothin' at work.
dialog: I'd take disability any day.
text: Ron does a line of coke. Sees his reflection in the mirror.
text: Pushes it away.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I mean I got a stupid cough and they tell
dialog: me I got some HIV virus.
text: T.J. looks at Ron, hears him but doesn't hear him, maybe it
text: doesn't even register he's so wasted.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: Hell, like I got the AIDS. Damn
dialog: hospital, mixed up my blood samples.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: Man, I went to them doctors once, they
dialog: tell me I had chlamydia, I came back home
dialog: I realized I had crabs.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: S'what I'm saying.
text: T.J. licks some coke off his fingers.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: I heard you get that just by touchin'
dialog: someone. Or that queers get it.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Which is exactly why it's a mistake.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: Well, what if it ain't?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You know me, T. You fuckin' serious?
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: Damn right I know you, like you was born
dialog: with some kinda pussy addiction.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 13
text: Ron smiles at the compliment as T.J. dives into the mirror and
text: inhales the last line of coke.
text: One of the GIRLS walks over.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You said we would be dancin' by nine.
text: T.J. smiles at Ron.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: We should get goin'.
text: T.J. puts on his jacket.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: Let's go girls.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'll catch up with you.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: Alright brother, you cool?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm cool.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: See you there.
text: T.J. and the girls leave.
text: Ron gets up, wasted, and stares out the screen door into the
text: cold dark night, nothing stares back at him.
scene_heading: 17 INT. DALLAS PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY 17
text: Ron is seated in front of a screen that shows a microfiche of
dialog: information on AIDS, HIV and AZT.
text: LATER - DAY: Ron continues reading; the LIBRARIAN looks over
text: as he endures a brief coughing spasm, then he goes back to his
text: work. We PUSH IN on the phrase"...Unprotected sex..."
text: LATER - DAY: Ron continues reading, runs his finger along the
text: words. Stops at "INTRAVENOUS DRUG USE". As he closes his
text: eyes and exhales--
scene_heading: 18 EXT. MOTEL - NIGHT - DREAM / FLASHBACK 18
text: We're on a SNAKE TATOO on the back of a naked girl having wild
text: sex with a younger and heavier Ron, totally wasted, and...
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 14
text: hypnotized by the tattoo that goes up to her neck and down to
text: her arm -- marked with track marks.
scene_heading: 19 INT. DALLAS PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY 19
text: Ron slams the book shut with rage. He screams out releasing
text: his anger. His voice echoes off the library walls.
scene_heading: 20 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - RECEPTION AREA - DAY 20
text: Ron impatiently stands at the Triage desk, looking at a NURSE,
text: 40s. He spots a tattooed Hispanic ORDERLY mopping the floor
text: in the hallway. He locks eyes with Ron for a second too long
text: then moves on.
speaker_heading: NURSE FRAZIN
dialog: Dr. Sevard's not on today.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Do I look like I can wait til tomorrow?
speaker_heading: NURSE FRAZIN
dialog: If you'll tell me what the problem is --
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Problem? Which problem you want to hear
dialog: about? My lungs bleeding, my skin
dialog: crawling, the jackhammer in my head...
dialog: hell that's just the beginning of my
dialog: problems sweetheart.
text: Having overheard Ron's rant, Dr. Eve Saks walks over.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Mr. Woodroof?
text: Ron turns around.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I don't want no nurse. I want a doctor.
dialog: A goddamn doctor! Today! NOW!
text: The Orderly watches Ron and Eve.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Fine. How can I help you?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Are you fuckin' deaf, lady?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 15
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No. I'm a fucking doctor!
text: Oh? Ron contemplates Eve, slowly breaking into a smile. Eve
text: hears her name called over the speaker system.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: If you want to discuss your list of
dialog: problems, you can meet me in my office in
dialog: twenty minutes.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Twenty minutes?
dialog: (he takes a long look at her)
dialog: I like your style, Doctor.
text: Ron watches her as she walks away.
scene_heading: 21 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - DR. EVE SAKS' OFFICE - DAY 21
text: Diplomas hang in neat rows. A perfectly ordered desk. Eve
text: meticulously records numbers on a chart.
speaker_heading: RON (O.S.)
dialog: Can you get me AZT?
text: Eve looks up as Ron walks in and sits down.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Barrow Wilkem just released it for
dialog: testing, right? This hospital is one of
dialog: the sites.
text: She nods yes, surprised how well informed he is.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well can I buy some?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: That isn't how it works. For about a
dialog: year, a group of patients will either get
dialog: the drug or a placebo, it's left up to
dialog: chance, not even the doctors are allowed
dialog: to know.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You give dyin' people sugar pills?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It's the only way to know if a drug
dialog: works.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 16
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Can you get it for me?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Unfortunately no. But when it's proven
dialog: to work and if you fit the profile, then
dialog: yes.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: So, you're tellin' me I'm as good as a
dialog: horse being sold for dog food?
text: Eve's look says it all. Ron takes out a list.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Okay, what about in Germany, this Dextran
dialog: Sulfate, or in France they got DDC, or AL
dialog: 721 in Israel... I read that one is
dialog: proven to work and it ain't toxic.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: None of those drugs have been approved by
dialog: the FDA.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Screw the FDA, I'm gonna be DOA. Do I
dialog: have to sue this hospital to get me some
dialog: medicine?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Mr. Woodroof, I assure you that would be
dialog: a waste of precious time.
text: Ron takes a moment, eases up.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Call me Ron, will ya?
text: Eve doesn't play his game. She writes something down on a
text: piece of paper.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: There is a support group that meets every
dialog: day at Draddy Auditorium, perhaps you
dialog: could share your feelings and concerns...
text: Ron abruptly stands.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm dying and you're tellin' me to go get
dialog: a hug from a bunch of faggots?
text: Eve watches as Ron backs away.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 17
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Good night, good day, and good riddance.
scene_heading: 22 INT. LONESTAR BAR - DAY 22
text: Ron bursts through the door and shouts to the BARTENDER.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Neddie Jay, one shot of Cactus and a
dialog: Rolling Rock back.
text: Ned doesn't move as Ron continues toward a table where T.J.,
text: Clint and three other FRIENDS are sitting.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I can't believe how much I missed your
dialog: ugly faces. Clint, where you hangin'
dialog: your pants lately brother?
text: Clint drains his beer, slams it on the table.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Get me another beer, will you sweetheart?
text: The guys burst out laughing.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: `Fuck you say?
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: I said grab me a cold one, cupcake.
text: Ron looks at him incredulously.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You askin' me to kick yer ass?
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Nah, wouldn't wanna get none of that
dialog: faggot blood on me.
text: Ron takes a step towards Clint, T.J. gets up and stands
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: C'mon Ron, we don't want no trouble.
text: Ron puts a fake, friendly hand on T.J.'s shoulder who backs
text: off immediately. Ron moves closer, plays with T.J. and the
dialog: others. They're all scared of being touched.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 18
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Where you goin', bud? I thought
dialog: you're my friend.
text: Ron looks at him, grabs T.J.'S BEER from his hands and downs
text: it, then fakes as if he's going to hit T.J. with it. T.J.
text: flinches, then Ron SLAMS it on the table. Gives one last look
dialog: to all of them.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Fuck all ya'll.
text: And as Ron exits, we PRE-LAP...
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS (V.O.)
dialog: As I stand here tonight, clinical trials
text: are underway with an eye toward fast-
dialog: tracking AZT and making it available
dialog: for the public as soon as possible.
scene_heading: 23 INT. DRADDY AUDITORIUM - DALLAS HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT 23
text: Rick Ferris from Barrow Wilkem stands at the podium before the
text: packed room.
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: In short, I'm happy to say that help may
dialog: finally be on the way.
text: That is Ron's POV as he listens to Ferris, looking around at
text: the crowd, who are almost exclusively gay MEN. Ron wanders
text: toward a table lined with LITERATURE. An EFFEMINATE MAN
text: approaches him with a pamphlet. Ron stares at him blankly.
text: The man opens his arms to give him a hug.
speaker_heading: EFFEMINATE MAN
dialog: It's okay brother. We're all getting --
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Tooth fairy, if we weren't in a public
dialog: place right now, your teeth would be so
dialog: far down your throat you'd be usin' your
dialog: ass to chew food.
text: The Man's eyes go wide as he backs off. Ron turns back to the
text: table, takes a few pamphlets. Titles include: "POPPERS STUDY:
text: POSSIBLE CAUSE OF AIDS"; "AZT SHOWS SIGNS OF PROMISE". Ron
text: drifts toward the front, where the CROWD is getting hostile.
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #1 (O.C.)
dialog: How long before AZT is approved?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 19
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: The FDA standard procedure to approve a
dialog: new drug is eight to twelve years -
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #2 (O.C.)
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: We're dying here!
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: We are looking to fast track --
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #1 (O.C.)
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: We need it now!
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: We're working closely with the FDA to
dialog: make sure every effort is made--
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #2 (O.C.)
dialog: The hell, if it works even a little,
dialog: we'll take the chance!
text: General shouts of agreement from the CROWD.
speaker_heading: RICK FERRIS
dialog: It's both our job and the FDA's to make
dialog: sure the drug is safe -
speaker_heading: EFFEMINATE MAN
dialog: Is it true you can get it in Mexico?!
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #2 (O.C.)
dialog: What about dextran sulfate?!
text: As the chaos and shouting continues, Ron walks out in
dialog: frustration and we're suddenly--
scene_heading: 24 INT. STRIP CLUB - NIGHT 24
text: CLOSE ON -- a line of flickering CANDLES.
text: That's Ron's POV as he grimaces, despair in his eyes. He
text: doesn't look at the moving, out-of-focus SILHOUETTES in front
text: of him.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (mumbles to himself)
dialog: I need to slow it down a second, catch my
dialog: breath. I'm not ready to crawl into a
dialog: corner. You hear that? I'm not fucking
dialog: ready. Man, if you're up there you
dialog: better be listening.
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 19A
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: And if there's a chance, if I got one
dialog: fucking chance, send me a sign.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 20
text: Ron downs a shooter and grimaces again. He slams the glass
text: down on a table among empty glasses and looks up at the
text: candles on a stage in front of a STRIPPER, lost in his
text: thoughts. Then he looks up and sees something across the
text: room, past the stripper. She tries to get his attention.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER
dialog: If you're not gonna look or buy a dance,
dialog: you could at least tip me.
text: Ron stands and throws some bills on the stage.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'll take a dance, but not fer me.
dialog: Just shake it, he'll see you.
text: Ron looks heavenward.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Thanks.
text: And he walks off towards a man at the end of the bar: the
text: Hispanic Orderly from the hospital.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - REAR - NIGHT 25
text: Cowboy boots nervously play with a McDonald's Bag on the
text: ground next to a garbage dumpster. They stop when the
text: Hispanic Orderly walks out of the hospital. He gets to the
text: dumpster, throws a BROWN PAPER BAG in it, picks up the
text: McDonald's bag, looks inside and leaves without a word.
scene_heading: 26 INT. RON'S TRAILER - NIGHT 26
text: Ron sits at the table, removes a box of pills from the bag
text: labeled AZT, FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 21
text: Ron removes a pill, decides two is better, washes them down
text: with a beer, and sniffs a line of coke. Looks at his
text: reflection in the turned-off T.V.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. OIL FIELD - DAY 27
text: As Ron pulls up to his jobs site in his battered '73 Lincoln,
text: he spots T.J., Clint and a half dozen other WORKERS through
text: the windshield, all staring at him menacingly. Before Ron
text: gets out, the Foreman emerges through the crowd. Without a
text: word, the guy just slowly shakes his head. Ron gives him the
text: finger and drives off, popping a few more AZT pills.
scene_heading: A27 EXT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - REAR - NIGHT A27
text: The Hispanic Orderly throws a BROWN PAPER BAG in the dumpster,
text: picks up a fast food bag, and leaves.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. RODEO STADIUM - BLEACHERS - DAY 28
text: Empty; closed for the day. Ron sits in the empty bleachers,
text: sweaty and shivering; he looks horrible, maybe disoriented.
text: He pops a pill of AZT and drinks from a bottle of Tequila.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. TRAILER PARK - NIGHT 29
text: A labyrinth of identical trailers. Ron wanders, searching for
text: his own. Confused, he changes direction and continues to make
text: his way down the different rows.
text: He stops in front of one and stares at the door where two
text: YOUNG BOYS are seated on the steps, staring back at him.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: The hell you doin' here?
text: He waves them aside. As he walks up the steps, his neighbor
text: BUCKY and his WIFE stare at him blankly.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Fuck you doin' in my house?
text: Ron doesn't realize that he's not at his place.
scene_heading: 30 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - DR. EVE SAKS' OFFICE - DAY 30
text: Sitting on an examining table, meet RAYON, a cross-dresser in
text: his early 30s, in long eyelashes, earrings, painted nails with
text: a pink scarf tied around a full brown curly wig.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 21A
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (reviewing a chart)
dialog: You missed your last trial appointment.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 22
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Do you like this blouse? Cause I think
text: the neckline's too low.
text: Eve leans against the sink, annoyed. She pulls her mask down.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Rayon, the whole point of this study is
dialog: to determine whether AZT is helping
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Come on, Evie, you know there ain't no
dialog: helpin' me.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: That doesn't mean I'm going to stop
dialog: trying.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Why you so good to me?
text: Rayon watches Eve for a while, with affection. He grabs her
text: and holds on to her. These two seem to have a history.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - REAR - DAY 31
text: A steady drizzle. Ron stands out by the dumpster, his boots
text: and cowboy hat soaked. The Hispanic Orderly emerges from the
text: hospital, a large garbage bag in his hands.
speaker_heading: HISPANIC ORDERLY
dialog: There ain't no more, they started
dialog: lockin' it up.
text: The Orderly throws the garbage into the dumpster.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I got more cash.
text: The Orderly studies Ron who holds out some money. The Orderly
text: snatches it, and writes something on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Here. In Mexico. A doctor, he has some.
text: Ron takes the paper, looks at it.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What the hell is this bullshit?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 23
text: Ron takes a swing at the Orderly but misses. Something about
text: Ron is off. We hear the ringing sound again. Ron struggles
text: to stand and collapses onto the ground. Black.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Mr. Woodroof?
scene_heading: 32 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - ROOM - NIGHT 32
text: Ron lays in bed asleep, an I.V. tube hooked up to his arm.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Ron?
text: Ron's eyes slowly peel open. Eve is hovering over him, a
text: surgical mask on her face. As he looks at her, a faint smile
text: passes his lips.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Beautiful.
text: Eve frowns, didn't expect that.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You're in the hospital.
text: Ron blinks. Clears the fantasy. His eyes scan the room.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You almost died.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm sure that didn't surprise anyone.
text: Eve seems to smile behind her mask.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Was that a smile?
dialog: Eve
dialog: You've had a blood transfusion.
text: Dr. Sevard steps forward.
dialog: Dr. Sevard
dialog: Mr. Woodroof I'm doctor Sevard.
dialog: Ron
dialog: I remember you.
dialog: Dr. Sevard
dialog: I need you to tell me where you obtained
dialog: AZT from.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 23A
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Who said I was on AZT?
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Dealing in pharmaceutical drugs is
dialog: illegal.
dialog: Ron
dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
text: Dr. Sevard shakes his head and walks out.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Get some rest.
text: She follows Sevard out of the room.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Wait. We were just gettin' somewhere.
speaker_heading: RAYON (O.C.)
dialog: Honey, you don't have the slightest
dialog: chance.
text: Ron turns and sees the hospital curtain being pulled by the
text: PATIENT in the next bed -- it's Rayon.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 24
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I'm Rayon.
text: Rayon gets up and goes over to Ron's bed.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Congratulations, fuck you and go back to
dialog: your bed.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Relax, I don't bite.
text: Rayon looks Ron over.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I guess you're handsome in a Texas hick,
dialog: white trash, dumb, kinda way.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Get the fuck outta here, whatever you
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Sticks and stones, cowboy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You wanna play cards?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (perking up)
dialog: You got cash?
scene_heading: 33 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - ROOM - NIGHT 33
text: Ron sits cross-legged on his bed across from Rayon, who has a
text: pile of cash before him. As they lay their cards down:
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Full house. Jacks over threes.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'da figured you for queens.
text: Cleaned out, Ron tosses his cards; Rayon scoops up the money.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Sorry darlin'.
text: As Ron starts to unfold his legs, he suddenly SCREAMS in pain,
text: grabbing his calf. Rayon grabs his leg, presses his fingers
text: deep into the muscle and massages. Ron contorts in pain,
text: grips the side of the bed. Rayon goes deeper.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 25
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Breath. Relax.
text: Ron breaths. Finally the pain subsides and Ron is left limp.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Here, drink some water.
text: Rayon HOLDS the cup so Ron can drink.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: You gotta stay hydrated or your muscles
dialog: will cramp.
text: Rayon starts to massage Ron's other foot.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: You got nice feet.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Jesus Christ, I'm straight, OK!
text: Rayon leaves Ron alone. An awkward beat.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Why the fuck you in here anyway?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: The AZT trial. My friend is paying me to
dialog: split my dose with him. That way we'll
dialog: both get some.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: How much is he paying you?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Five grand.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I coulda charged him twenty.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: How about me? Will you sell me some?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Sorry, sweetie. I made a deal.
text: We HEAR someone speaking loud in the hallway, in Spanish.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 26
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Can you keep it down?
scene_heading: 34 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY 34
text: Eve spots Ron, back in his clothes, walking towards the exit.
speaker_heading: EVE (O.C.)
dialog: Mr. Woodroof!
text: Ron stops, turns to see Eve approaching wit Nurse Frazin.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I signed myself out.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You're too sick to leave here.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: The worst-case scenario bein' what?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: We can keep you comfortable at least.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Thanks, but I prefer to die with my
text: boots on.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: As your doctor, I cannot recommend you to
dialog: do this.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well as my doctor, can you get me some
dialog: damn AZT?
text: Eve just looks at him. She can't. Ron takes off.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. TRAILER PARK - NIGHT 35
text: Ron emerges from his Lincoln, approaches his trailer. Stops
text: in his tracks at the EVICTION NOTICE taped to his padlocked
text: door, over which someone has spray-painted: FAGGOT BLOOD.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I still live here, you hear me?! I
dialog: fuckin' live here!!
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 27
text: He looks around, eyes wild, heart racing... but there's no one
text: there to hear him. After a beat, he crosses to his car, pops
text: the trunk. Grabs a single-barreled Winchester SHOTGUN lying
text: within it. He checks the CHAMBER, spins the gun, does a few
text: maneuvers, the barrel pointing at his head. He pumps it, then
text: in a flash levels it and BLASTS the lock off his trailer door.
scene_heading: 36 INT. RON'S TRAILER - NIGHT 36
text: Ron enters, and desperately looks around for something,
text: anything to take with him. He finds HIDDEN CASH in a Patsy
dialog: Cline Crazy cassette box.
text: A duffel bag on the shoulder, he grabs the TEXAS WILDFLOWER
text: PAINTING off the wall and exits.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. TRAILER PARK - NIGHT 37
text: Ron starts the engine and drives to the two Kids from earlier
text: looking on curiously. Ron gives them a handful of candies he
text: stole from the hospital, and nods toward his trailer.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Have fun, kids. It's all yours.
text: And with that, he pulls away.
scene_heading: 38 INT. RON'S CAR - HIGHWAY - DAY 38
text: Ron cruises... feeling as good as he looks. He pulls the car
text: over. Sits there in silence. Breathes in. Looks over at his
text: stuff on the back seat, and then at his gun lying next to him.
text: He grips the steering wheel... and starts to cry.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. STREET - MEXICO CITY - DAY 39
text: Ron's Lincoln rolls down the crowded, impoverished street.
scene_heading: 40 INT. RON'S CAR - MEXICO CITY - DAY 40
text: Ron in the grips of PNEUMONIA, studies a hand drawn map of the
text: city streets. His hands shake, his skin burns with fever.
text: Ron turns down a small side street, stops in front of a
text: nondescript, WHITEWASHED door.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 27A
scene_heading: 41 INT. DR. VASS' CLINIC - MEXICO CITY - DAY 41
text: Ron enters, blind-sided by the mayhem inside. Boxes of drugs
text: and hospital supplies lie in various stages of unpacking. An
text: INTERPRETER shouts above the din to his wealthy ASIAN CLIENT.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 28
text: DR. VASS (50's), fit but tired, shouts in Spanish to a MAN
text: unloading boxes. He effortlessly switches to Japanese,
text: continues to shout to another worker.
text: Dr. Vass sees Ron, quickly moves over to him.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: You have something for me to sign?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm lookin' for Dr. Vass.
text: Dr. Vass steps over.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: Speak up.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm lookin' for Vass, for some AZT.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: Looking to poison yourself?
text: He grabs an empty bottle of pills on the counter. Throws it
dialog: to Ron.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: That's from the chemical manufacturer who
dialog: makes AZT, Sigma.
text: Ron looks at the bottle labeled with skull and crossbones:
text: HIGHLY TOXIC, NOT FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: First thing I tell my patients: you won't
dialog: find that shit here!
text: Ron looks confused. A nearby stack of boxes tumbles over.
text: Dr. Vass shouts to no one in particular.
speaker_heading: VASS
dialog: Who stacked those boxes there?
dialog: (to Ron)
dialog: Check in with a nurse.
text: Dr. Vass is off, ripping open boxes.
text: Ron starts to cough again. Badly. Vass notices, and shouts
text: something in Spanish.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 29
scene_heading: 42 INT. DR. VASS' CLINIC - MEXICO CITY - DAY 42
text: Frail and weak, Ron lies on a cot, surrounded by a dozen other
text: PATIENTS of varied nationalities. A NURSE records his vital
text: signs in a chart, then hands it off to Dr. Vass, who peruses
text: the information and begins reading aloud:
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: Cocaine, alcohol, methamphetamine, AZT.
dialog: (to Ron)
dialog: That's what I call a recipe for disaster.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Doc, this place is a shit-hole.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: Who said I was a Doctor? They revoked my
dialog: license to practice three years ago,
dialog: that's why I'm down in this shit-hole.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Why? What'd you do?
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: I didn't play ball.
text: Ron smiles.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: These drugs you're doing, they're
dialog: breaking down your immune system, making
dialog: you susceptible to infections.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: So cocaine gave me pneumonia?
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: Cocaine made you more susceptible.
dialog: As did AZT.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I thought AZT's supposed to help me.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: The only people AZT helps are the people
dialog: who sell it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It kills every cell it comes in contact
dialog: with, good and bad.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: So medically speakin', I kicked my own
dialog: ass!
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 30
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: (nods as he writes)
dialog: I'm prescribing a regimen of vitamins
dialog: as well as the mineral zinc to build your
dialog: immune system back up. You'll also be
dialog: taking Aloe and essential fatty acids.
scene_heading: 43 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - ROOM - DAY 43
text: In gloves and surgical masks, Eve looks on Nurse Frazin who is
text: drawing blood from Rayon's arm, five other AIDS PATIENTS
text: nearby. That done, the Nurse dispenses meds, giving each
text: patient a paper pill cup marked with a different NUMBER.
text: Rayon takes his pill, winces; Eve makes a mental note, then
text: walks down the line of patients, touching each of them. She
text: comes to Rayon, gives his shoulder a squeeze, then exits.
text: BLACK. SUPER:
dialog: Six months Later
scene_heading: 44 INT. DR. VASS' CLINIC - MEXICO CITY - DAY 44
text: Medical journals everywhere; on the wall are rows of
text: entomology, various butterflies encased in GLASS. A healthier
text: Ron sits across from Dr. Vass who reads his test results.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: Better. Your T-Cell count's improving.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Am I still positive for HIV?
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: You'll always test positive for HIV, and
dialog: now, you have AIDS, due the toxic shit
dialog: you've been pumping into your body, all
dialog: the drugs, plus the AZT.
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 31
speaker_heading: DR. VASS (CONT'D)
dialog: You shot your immune system. Now you
dialog: have chronic pneumonia, among other
dialog: things. It can cause memory loss, mood
dialog: swings, aching joints...
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: If it sucks, I got it.
text: Dr. Vass smiles and holds up a bottle in each hand.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: This is DDC, it works as an anti viral
dialog: similar to AZT but less toxic. And this
dialog: is Peptide T, it's a protein -- totally
dialog: non-toxic. Early studies have shown it
dialog: can help with all of that. This is what
dialog: I had you on since you got here.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: And you can't buy them back in the U.S.?
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: No, not approved.
text: Ron takes the bottle of PEPTIDE T, turns it over in his hand,
text: looks around.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Chinks, homos and herbs, you got a new
dialog: world order here, Vass. You could be
dialog: makin' a fortune off this stuff.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. DR. VASS' CLINIC - MEXICO CITY - DAY 45
text: Ron stares into the trunk of his Lincoln Convertible.
text: VARIOUS BOXES filled with illegal meds are packed to the brim.
text: It won't close. Ron slams it shut.
text: Dr. Vass emerges from the building. He hands Ron a neatly
text: folded black vest, black pants and a detachable clerical
text: collar on top.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: If you get caught, don't tell them you
dialog: got AIDS. They'll never let you back in.
dialog: You've got thirty days to get your ass
dialog: back down here and pay me the other half,
dialog: after that I send MIGUEL.
text: Ron nods to Miguel, hops in his car, starts it, nods to Vass
text: and takes off.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 32
scene_heading: 46 EXT. CAR - THE CHIHUAHUAN DESERT - MEXICO - DAY 46
text: Ron's convertible races along the asphalt road. Hot desert
text: sun. Sand and dirt cake the rims and tires. The car slows
text: down and comes to a stop on the side of the road.
scene_heading: 47 INT. RON'S CAR - THE CHIHUAHUAN DESERT - MEXICO - DAY 47
text: BINOCULARS POV on CARS making their way across the
text: MEXICAN/AMERICAN BORDER. Ron puts down the binoculars and
text: writes on a NOTEBOOK. A crude drawing of the border. He
text: marks different lanes, studies it, looking for patterns.
text: Ron throws the pen down and exits the car.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. CAR - THE CHIHUAHUAN DESERT - MEXICO - DAY 48
text: As Ron goes to get out of the car he is pulled back by a
text: PLASTIC TUBE attached to his ARM.
text: We follow it up to a shirt HOOK on the passenger side.
text: An I.V. BAG hangs carelessly from the hook, a liquid flowing
text: INTRAVENOUSLY into Ron's arm.
text: He reaches in and grabs the bag off the hook, gets out of the
text: car, holds the bag above his shoulder and takes a PISS.
scene_heading: 49 INT. RON'S CAR - AMERICAN/MEXICAN BORDER - DAY 49
text: Ron now wears a PRIEST UNIFORM. He hands the BORDER AGENT his
text: passport.
speaker_heading: BORDER AGENT
dialog: Anything to declare.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Nada.
text: The Border Agent takes him in a moment, his outfit, the car,
text: the frame of the trunk almost touching the wheel and...
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 50 INT. U.S. CUSTOMS HOLDING ROOM - AMERICAN/MEXICAN BORDER - DAY 50
text: Ron sits behind a table when a MAN in a suit walks in. He
text: takes off his jacket and sits.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 32A
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: I'm Richard Barkley from the Food and
dialog: Drug Administration office.
text: Ron nods. A beat.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: You're a priest?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 33
text: Ron smiles. The customs agent doesn't.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: You have over 2,000 pills here. You are
dialog: only allowed to bring in a ninety day
dialog: supply.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well as I told the gentlemen, I am a sick
dialog: man. I have cancer. I take 22 pills a
dialog: day and these here vials of Vitamin A, C,
dialog: E and Zinc. That there is ninety days.
text: The man looks at Ron, not really buying it. He takes a bottle
text: of Peptide T and looks at it.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: Vitamins?
dialog: (no answer from Ron)
dialog: You do realize that importing unapproved
dialog: drugs for sale is a very serious offense?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well, as I said, they're not for
dialog: sale. And they ain't illegal,
dialog: just "unapproved."
text: A long beat; they stare at each other.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: If we find the slightest indication that
dialog: you're selling these drugs for profit,
dialog: you will be thrown in jail... Father.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Then I promise to take each and every
dialog: one of them pills myself. In fact this
dialog: present detainment has already put me off
dialog: schedule... Son.
scene_heading: 50A INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - RECEPTION DESK - DAY 50A
text: Ron talks to Nurse Frazin.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm looking for Dr. Eve Saks.
speaker_heading: NURSE FRAZIN
dialog: She's not here today.
text: Nurse Frazin leaves. Ron looks over the counter, sees
text: something, looks around...
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 33A
scene_heading: 51 INT. EVE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DALLAS - NIGHT 51
text: Perfectly ordered and spotless except for files and reports
text: piled on the floor. An exhausted Eve takes her lab coat off,
text: picks up a study and aims for the kitchen when a KNOCK comes
text: at the door.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It's open!
text: Ron comes in.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Mr. Woodroof... Ron, I thought you
dialog: were...
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 34
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: Dead? Sorry for bargin' in.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What are you doing here? You look great.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Actually I look amazin'. But you,
dialog: you look like shit.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: So you got any music? Or crackers?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I'm sorry, but what is this?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It's a celebration of how absolutely
dialog: fuckin' wrong you were.
text: Ron holds up a bottle of sparkling wine.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Thirty days you said! Well here it is
dialog: months later and I'm goin' like
dialog: gangbusters. Now if that don't call for
dialog: a little Cheez Whiz on a Ritz, I don't
dialog: know what does!
text: Ron heads for the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No. Don't... I don't really eat here.
text: The DOORBELL interrupts them. Ron watches as Eve crosses and
text: opens the door, admitting Rayon, looking like shit and shaking
text: badly in a full-length, pink fur coat.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Them bastards Kentucky fried me.
text: Rayon sways; Eve grabs his arm. Ron watches as Eve helps
text: Rayon inside.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 35
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You women love Nancy Boys.
text: Ron crosses to help Rayon to the couch. He leans his head
text: back, labors to breathe.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (to Rayon)
dialog: Tell me what's wrong.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Hell, I'll tell you what's wrong,
dialog: it's the goddamn AZT!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It's killin' him, can't you see that?
dialog: Why you think I look so healthy?
text: Ron reaches into his his jacket, produces a small BOX filled
text: with MEDS. He takes out a brand new syringe and bottle of
dialog: liquid.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Tinkerbell, how much cash you got?
text: Off his silence, Ron rummages through Rayon's purse, extracts
text: two twenties, pockets them, and starts preparing the syringe.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What the hell do you think you're doing?!
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Helpin' him, that's what.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: He's a participant in a clinical trial,
dialog: we need to get him to the hospital!
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: So they can fuck him up even worse?
text: Ron disregards her protests, starts to inject Rayon.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Are you out of your mind?! If anything
text: happens to him--
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Relax, it's just a little vitamin boost,
dialog: A, C, zinc.
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 36
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Rayon)
dialog: You want to live, get off the AZT.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It's a blind study! We don't even know
dialog: if he's getting AZT!
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Everyone knows what they're gettin'.
dialog: AZT tastes differently. I guess I got
dialog: lucky and got the real thing.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Yeah, real lucky.
dialog: (to Eve)
dialog: I've got stuff here that works. Healthy,
dialog: non-toxic. You should trial it and we'll
dialog: both get rich.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Leave, please!
text: Ron turns to Rayon.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Tell your friends about me. Send `em
dialog: my way and I'll hook `em up.
text: Ron heads for the door.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: And tell `em to bring their fuckin'
dialog: money. Cash. No checks.
text: Eve and Rayon can't believe this guy.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. OAK LAWN DISTRICT - STREET - DAY 52
text: Ron stands in the heartland of the gay community, with SHOPS,
text: BARS and CLUBS. He tries to engage gay PASSERSBY, none of
dialog: whom will give him the time of day.
scene_heading: 53 INT. DRADDY AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 53
text: With another support meeting underway, Ron talks to a small
text: group of GAY MEN, who look at him warily.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. GAY CLUB - NIGHT 54
text: Dozens of GAY MEN mill about; Ron watches as some hold hands,
text: others grope one another.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 37
text: He spots a COUPLE just talking, but as he approaches, they
text: start making out. Ron stops in his tracks, turns to leave,
text: bumps right into a MAN dressed just like him, except this
text: cowboy's CHAPS have nothing covering his ass. The guy nods
text: for Ron to follow him inside the club.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Are you out of your fucking mind?!
scene_heading: 55 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - ROOM - DAY 55
text: As Nurse Frazin monitors an AIDS PATIENT receiving a blood
text: transfusion, Eve reviews his chart.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: This man also had a transfusion?
speaker_heading: NURSE FRAZIN
text: The AZT. We can tell who's on it by the
dialog: symptoms. Most of them need new blood.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (looking at chart)
dialog: He's actually getting worse.
text: Eve looks at the sleeping Patient; she reaches for his hand.
speaker_heading: NURSE FRAZIN
dialog: So why are they stopping the trial?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: NURSE FRAZIN
dialog: Barrow Wilkem, didn't you see the memo?
dialog: They claim most people are feeling better
dialog: and fewer people are dying.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Really?
scene_heading: 56 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY 56
text: In mid-conversation, Eve follows Dr. Sevard down the hall.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Transfusions always makes patients feel
dialog: better. Give the placebo patients new
dialog: blood and they'll feel better too.
text: Sevard stops to sign a form for a NURSE.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 38
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I have questions about the drug's safety.
dialog: I've seen it drop white blood cells in a
dialog: lot of my patients making them more
dialog: susceptible to infection.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: It's Barrow Wilkem's call, Eve. So we
dialog: can get the drug to the people who need
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: After six months?
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Their trial results are overwhelmingly
dialog: positive. AZT is working.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: But we have no idea what the long term
dialog: effects are. It's irresponsible.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: These people die, Eve. There are no
dialog: long-term effects.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Can I see a copy of the study?
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
text: It's still being written. Here.
text: He produces a two page document and hands it to Eve.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: A press release from the NIH?
text: Sevard crosses off. Eve stands there, stunned.
dialog: Her POV on the press release: "HIV-positive patients are twice
dialog: as likely to get AIDS if they don't take AZT."
scene_heading: 57 INT. RON'S CAR - DALLAS STREET - DAY 57
text: Ron is parked on a quiet street. He counts his cash and is
text: startled when suddenly a WOMAN gets in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (pulls a 9mm pistol)
dialog: Jesus Mother Mary Fuckin' Christ!
dialog: She's not a woman, it's...
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 39
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I was looking for you, Lonestar.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I could of killed you!
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I feel better! I wanted to thank you.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Good for you. Now get the fuck out!
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I need more of that cocktail shit you
dialog: got!
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Listen Tinkerbell, unless you got cash or
dialog: some new clients for me, I'm busy. Now
dialog: get the f...
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Let's just do this quickly so I can get
dialog: the fuck out!
text: Rayon shows Ron a stack of bills. A big one.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: You got enough for 20 of us?
text: Rayon sees how Ron looks at his cash.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: You know what? You don't deserve our
dialog: money, you homophobic asshole!
text: Rayon gets out. Ron watches him walk away in disbelief.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Am I fuckin' dreamin'?
text: Rayon walks over to a FRIEND of his on the street. That's
text: Ron's POV as he backs his car towards them.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Here's enough for 20, find me 20 more and
dialog: I'll cut you in. Five percent.
text: Rayon plays it cool, barely looks at Ron.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Adios, cowboy.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 40
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I can handle your insults, but five
dialog: percent?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Ten.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Twenty five, take it or leave it.
text: 58 Ron shakes his head in disbelief. And nods. Rayon walks to 58
text: Ron's car with a big smile on his face.
scene_heading: 59 EXT. GAY CLUB - NIGHT 59
text: Rayon tries to get Ron to come in. Ron doesn't want to.
text: Rayon pushes him in.
scene_heading: 60 INT. GAY CLUB - NIGHT 60
text: On the dance floor, Rayon grinds with a group of MEN. He
text: waves Ron over from the sidelines. The cowboy with the
text: chapless butt stares at Ron. Ron doesn't think it's funny.
scene_heading: 60B EXT. DRADDY AUDITORIUM - PARKING LOT - NIGHT 60B
text: Rayon is on the look out. Ron sells MEDS out of the trunk of
text: his car to a line of GAY MEN. A CUSTOMER hands him some cash,
text: Ron reaches into his trunk and finds a pair of handcuffs
text: slapped on his wrists. He's pushed against the cars, his legs
dialog: kicked apart. Fuck.
scene_heading: 60C INT. POLICE STATION - HOLDING ROOM - DAY 60C
text: Ron sits with David Wayne.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Five grand worth of shit. Shit I owe
dialog: money on.
text: Richard Barkley walks in.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: Father Woodroof. 90 days supply?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 40A
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I was just sharing.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: (with compassion)
dialog: Listen, I know what the situation is. I
dialog: know people are looking for solutions.
dialog: But this is not the right one. This is
dialog: dangerous. You can't sell drugs to
dialog: people. Do you understand?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Yeah, I understand.
dialog: David Wayne
dialog: My client would like his drugs back for
dialog: his own personal use.
dialog: Richard Barkley
dialog: They've already been destroyed.
text: Ron clenches his jaw, tries to remain cool.
dialog: Richard Barkley
dialog: I hope we have an understanding. You're
dialog: breaking the law.
scene_heading: A60 INT. DALLAS PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY A60
text: Ron is back to his reading. In front of him: NEWSPAPERS from
text: SAN FRANCISCO, LONDON, NEW YORK. Ron sees something. Light
text: bulb moment.
scene_heading: A61 EXT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - DAY A61
text: Ron and Rayon walk towards an old retro looking motel from the
dialog: sixties.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: You gotta be kidding me?!
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: No, perfect place. We gotta lay low.
dialog: Don't wanna get busted. I got a plan.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 41
scene_heading: 61 INT. DALLAS BUYER'S CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - DAY 61
text: Ron stacks boxes in the room among his personal stuff. The
text: place looks like what it is: a cheap sex motel.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: This place is disgusting. We need to
text: disinfect.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Do not use the word "we". Now you wanna
dialog: put your apron on and fly around on your
dialog: broom, be my guest.
text: Just then, a KNOCK on the open door. Rayon and Ron look up to
dialog: see attorney DAVID WAYNE, 40s.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Howdy Counselor, welcome.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Hi, I'm Rayon.
text: Wayne takes in Rayon.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: He's my partner. Business partner.
text: Ron throws a key to Rayon.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Your office's next door.
text: Rayon gets the message and exits. Wayne looks around at all
dialog: the boxes.
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: Jesus, how many truck loads you bring
dialog: back from Mexico? All for your own
dialog: personal use?
dialog: (gives Ron a folder)
dialog: Here's the paper work for your LLC. I
dialog: don't even want to know what it's for.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Don't worry, Counselor. I ain't selling
dialog: drugs anymore.
dialog: (off Wayne's look of surprise)
dialog: I'm giving them away. For free.
dialog: (showing the folder)
dialog: By selling memberships. Four hundred a
dialog: month in dues gets you all the meds you
dialog: need.
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 42
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
text: Wayne looks at him, thinking it over.
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: You son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Bitches. Plural. There's a bunch of
dialog: faggots runnin' a hell of a club up in
dialog: New York. That's where I got the idea.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Welcome to the Dallas Buyers Club.
scene_heading: 62 INT. EVE'S HOUSE - DALLAS - NIGHT - MARCH 1987 62
text: Eve pours herself a glass of red wine, cleans the stain left
text: by the bottle on the counter and sits on the couch between
text: paper works. CLOSE ON the TV NEWS ANCHOR.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: Barrow Wilkem announced today that AZT
dialog: has been approved as the first drug to
dialog: treat AIDS. At a cost of $10,000 per
dialog: year per patient, AZT is the most
dialog: expensive drug ever marketed. Barrow
dialog: Wilkem stock jumped a whopping 12% today
dialog: on the news.
text: Eve sits, staring at the TV.
scene_heading: 63 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RAYON'S OFFICE - DAY 63
text: The small room has been turned into an office. In his version
text: of a Nurse outfit, Rayon is taping photos of MARC BOLAN to the
text: wall. We now understand where Rayon's look comes from. TEN
text: MEN linger through the room and into the next one through a
dialog: connecting door...
speaker_heading: RON'S OFFICE
text: Ron is behind a desk, atop which sits a gun, a bottle of
text: Tequila and dozens of medical files. On the wall nearby are
text: posters of SPORTS CARS and BIKINI MODELS as well as the Texas
text: Wildflowers painting, news clippings regarding AIDS and a
text: crude CHART listing Patients and their info: SYMPTOMS, DRUGS
text: TAKEN, and ORIENTATION (Gay, Drug Addict, Hemophiliac).
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 43
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: (as he enters)
dialog: Roanie, we have two new customers.
text: Ron looks up from the chart he's filling out.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Bring 'em in and if you call me Roanie
dialog: again...
dialog: (grabs his gun)
dialog: ...I'ma use this gun to give you the sex
dialog: change you been hopin' for.
text: Rayon shakes his head, walking off, as IAN and MICHAEL, a
text: conservative gay couple in their 50s appear in the doorway.
text: They look at Ron's gun and hesitate to walk in.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Ah shit, did I scare you? Sorry.
dialog: Welcome to the Dallas Buyers Club.
text: Ron puts the gun away. Ian and Michael sit down. Ian is
dialog: clearly very ill.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Rayon said you can get us some medicine.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: He told you how it works? Treatments and
dialog: drugs are free, but the membership, 400$.
text: They nod yes.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (handing them a clipboard)
dialog: You'll have to sign a waiver. We take no
dialog: responsibility for the drugs we give you.
dialog: You croak, you croak. That's your
dialog: problem.
text: Michael looks at Ian, who nods okay. They sign the waiver.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We have AZT, it helped Ian a little at
dialog: first, but now he can't walk or think
dialog: straight.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: First of all, flush that shit down the
dialog: toilet. Secondly, stay away from
dialog: anything that'll cook your insides.
dialog: Third, get healthy and if your brain's
dialog: broke, I got something called Peptide T
dialog: that'll fix it.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 44
text: Michael looks at Ian, not sure what to think. Ron hands them
dialog: each a questionnaire.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Fill that there out and don't cheat on
dialog: the drugs part. Can't help you if I
dialog: don't know what you're doin'.
text: Ron puts a box of pills on the desk.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I got more stuff comin' in about a week.
dialog: Til then, watch what you eat and who you
dialog: eat.
scene_heading: 64 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - NURSE STATION - DAY 64
text: Eve paces, checks her watch as Nurse Frazin sits nearby
dialog: reviewing files.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: He didn't call, leave a message?
speaker_heading: NURSE FRAZIN
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: (then; off file)
dialog: He did change his address recently.
scene_heading: A65 EXT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - DAY A65
text: Still in her white lab coat, Eve gets out of her car and walks
text: towards an open door.
scene_heading: 65 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB - RON'S OFFICE - DAY 65
text: Boxes of drugs and herbs everywhere. Ron is on the phone
text: arguing with someone, a small Japanese-English dictionary in
text: his hand. He stops in his tracks when he sees Eve walking in.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Never mind. I'll call back. Thank you.
dialog: Arigato.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I live here.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 45
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Where's Rayon? You're roommates now?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Not exactly. What are you doing here?
text: Confused, Eve looks down on Ron's desk, picks up a file.
text: He moves to stop her, but he's too late.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Roger Thompson? This is my patient. Are
dialog: you treating these people?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: They're treatin' themselves.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: With what?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Vitamins, Peptide T, DDC. Anything but
dialog: that poison you're hawkin'.
text: Eve starts to look at the chart. A few beats, then:
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Do you ever wear any color? Every time I
dialog: see you I see white.
text: Ron smiles. Eve does not.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Tell Rayon I was looking for him. And
dialog: I'm telling my patients to stay away from
dialog: here.
text: Eve walks out the door.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Why? You wanna go grab a steak? I know
dialog: it's red but...
text: And she exits.
scene_heading: 66 INT. SUPERMARKET - DALLAS - DAY 66
text: A near empty cart stands next to Ron as he studies the label
text: on a box. Rayon, dressed in his pink coat, walks up.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 46
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: This is the shit that'll rot your
text: insides. What a surprise, FDA approved.
dialog: What the fuck is potassium benzoate?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Preservative.
text: Rayon throws a pack of bologna in the cart.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You fuckin' kiddin' me?
text: Defiant, Rayon puts his hand on his hips.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Don't pollute me with that processed
dialog: crap. I'm eatin' healthy.
text: Ron removes the bologna and throws it at Rayon who almost
text: fumbles the catch.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: It's protein, it's good for you.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Put it back.
text: Rayon tosses it back at Ron.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: You can't tell me what to do.
text: Ron throws the Bologna harder at Rayon, who catches it like a
text: pro football player, much to Ron's surprise. Rayon enjoys the
text: moment and disappears down the isle, proud, with his bologna
text: under the arm.
text: Ron turns the corner of the next isle. T.J. is there putting
text: a case of BEER in his shopping cart. An uncomfortable moment
text: passes.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: Uh, hey Ron.
text: Ron nods at him.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: How're you doin'?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Fine.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 47
text: Rayon appears at the other end of the isle. T.J. sees him and
text: laughs.
speaker_heading: T.J.
dialog: Jesus, faggots everywhere.
text: T.J. looks at Ron for confirmation. Rayon reaches them and
text: throws a bag of chips in the cart.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Hi.
text: T.J. and Ron don't answer. An awkward beat.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: This is Rayon.
dialog: (off T.J.'s silence)
dialog: He said hi to you.
text: Rayon sticks out his hand. T.J. doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: RON
text: Shake his hand, T.J.
dialog: He doesn't.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Come on, buddy, what's your fuckin'
dialog: problem?
text: T.J. gives Ron the finger. Ron grabs T.J.'s hand and twists
text: it behind his back. T.J. resists, tries to get out of Ron's
text: grip but can't. He finally extends his hand. Rayon shakes
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Good. Now get the fuck outta here and go
dialog: back to your miserable life.
text: T.J. stares at Ron for a while, angry, humiliated, then
text: leaves. Ron watches him go. Rayon stares at Ron, unsure of
text: how to react to this. A subtle smile appears on his face.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What?
text: Rayon's moved that Ron stuck up for him. He starts to tear
text: up.
text: Ron sees the bag of chips in the cart and throws it at Rayon.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 48
scene_heading: 67 EXT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - HALLWAY - DAY 67
text: Two dozen MEN, all prospective buyers, snake down the long
text: exterior hallway. A NEIGHBOR walks by, disgusted, hugging the
text: wall as he makes it to his own door.
text: That is Ron's POV following at a distance as he arrives from
dialog: the supermarket.
scene_heading: INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - 2ND FLOOR ROOM - DAY
text: A young, gay man, FREDDIE, stands awkwardly fidgeting by the
text: door, makeup poorly masking lesions on his face and neck. The
text: line of customers is snaking behind him. Ron sees Freddie's
text: money, grabs it and counts it.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Fifty bucks.
dialog: (yelling to the line)
dialog: You don't got the money, you don't join
dialog: the club. This ain't no charity.
text: Ron gives Freddy his money back.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You need three hundred and fifty more.
text: DENISE, a Club volunteer, early forties, walks in.
speaker_heading: DENISE
text: Beaumont Lab's delivery is here. A woman
dialog: says you were expecting her.
scene_heading: 69 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - DAY 69
text: FRANCINE SUSKIND (37), stands in front of Ron's desk looking
text: at a MAN behind her wheeling in cardboard boxes on a dolly.
speaker_heading: FRANCINE SUSKIND
dialog: You can get it abroad but in the States,
dialog: we can only use it for animal research.
dialog: It's not classified as a drug so the FDA
dialog: does not control it.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm usin' it for memory loss. You oughta
dialog: try gettin' it to market.
speaker_heading: FRANCINE SUSKIND
dialog: It costs around 250 million dollars to
dialog: get a drug to market.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 49
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Damn, bureaucracy is good business.
text: Francine smiles, she likes Ron. The man places the BOXES
text: marked PEPTIDE T on the floor.
speaker_heading: FRANCINE SUSKIND
dialog: These are for your animal research.
text: Ron winks at her, waits for the delivery man to leave, and
text: produces a plastic BAG filled with vials and drugs.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: And these are for your daughter.
text: She takes the bag of medication and surprisingly becomes
text: emotional. She holds it back, tries to say thank you but
text: can't. Ron nods "it's ok". She hugs him.
scene_heading: INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - 2ND FLOOR ROOM - NIGHT
text: Rayon finishes packing Ron's suitcase. He's high. Wasted.
scene_heading: 71 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - NIGHT 71
text: Ron works the combination lock on a safe. He stops. Wonders
text: what's wrong. Looks dizzy. He goes to his desk and pops some
text: pills. Takes a deep breath.
text: Rayon enters with the suitcase and a Pan Am airline envelope.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: You're all packed, here's your ticket.
text: Ron removes a stack of cash from the safe and hands it to
dialog: Rayon.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (keeps the money)
dialog: Jesus! Are you fuckin' high?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: None of your business.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Actually, it is if I can't fuckin' trust
dialog: you.
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Denise!
text: Denise shows up from the other room.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 49A
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You're in charge!
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: (grabs the money)
dialog: No! You can trust me!
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 50
text: They stare at each other.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Make sure my new Caddy is at the airport
dialog: for when I get back.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Denise, you hearin' this? Now you two
dialog: monkeys take care of the zoo.
text: And as Ron takes his suitcase and exits...
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (to Denise)
dialog: Keep an eye on him.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. AIRPLANE - STOCK FOOTAGE - DAY 72
text: A 747 soars across the sky. On screen appears:
dialog: Hayashira Chemical Lab - Okayama, Japan
scene_heading: 73 INT. HAYASHIRA CHEMICAL LAB - JAPAN - WAITING AREA - DAY 73
text: Briefcase in hand, cowboy hat on his head, Ron waits along
text: with JAPANESE MEN who all stare at him. After a few beats,
text: MR. YAMATA, the lab's manager approaches.
speaker_heading: MR. YAMATA
dialog: Mr. Woodroof?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That's me.
text: Yamata bows, then:
speaker_heading: MR. YAMATA
dialog: Regarding your order. I am so sorry, but
dialog: we are no longer allowed to export
dialog: interferon to the United States.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MR. YAMATA
dialog: I am sorry. I know you've come a long
dialog: way.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 50A
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Fourteen hours on a plane, but hey, who
dialog: gives a shit, right?
dialog: (off Yamata's look)
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 51
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, if it's a matter of money, I can
dialog: make it worth your while, I got cash--
speaker_heading: MR. YAMATA
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Please understand. Japanese doctors
dialog: will be the only ones who can make the
dialog: purchase.
text: And as Ron's wheels turn...
scene_heading: 74 INT. DR. HIROSHI'S OFFICE - OKAYAMA - DAY 74
text: CLOSE ON -- DR. HIROSHI, 40s, who sits talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: DR. HIROSHI
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: ...that is correct. Two thousand vials
dialog: of alpha interferon.
text: A REVERSE ANGLE reveals Ron, across from Hiroshi. Over the
text: above, he slides ten $100 dollar bills across the desk.
speaker_heading: DR. HIROSHI
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: That's right. Delivered directly to my
dialog: office. Thank you.
dialog: (to Ron)
dialog: Slow drip. Very strong. Slow drip.
text: Ron walks to Dr. Hiroshi, thanks him, and looks him over from
text: head to toe.
scene_heading: 75 INT. HOTEL ROOM - OKAYAMA - NIGHT 75
text: Ron packs his suitcase and puts on a ROLEX and an expensive
dialog: ring.
text: BATHROOM:
text: Ron looks at his reflection in the mirror.
scene_heading: 76 INT. DALLAS INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - CUSTOMS AREA - DAY 76
text: A CUSTOMS OFFICER looks at Ron dressed with Dr. Hiroshi's lab
text: coat, and wearing Dr. Sevard's hair style as he talks into a
dialog: large first generation cell phone.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Yeah, I'm coming. Prepare the sedation.
dialog: Propofol. 10 milligrams.
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 52
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: I said I'm coming.
dialog: (hangs up, to the officer)
dialog: Good morning.
scene_heading: 77 INT. DALLAS INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - MEN'S REST ROOM - DAY 77
text: Ron enters the Men's rest room carrying his suitcase and
text: briefcase, and disappears in a...
scene_heading: STALL - LATER
text: Ron injects a needle into his arm.
text: On the toilet, an empty VIAL from the BRIEFCASE.
text: Ron takes his lab coat off and stops. A searing pain courses
text: through his chest. Ron grimaces. The strange ringing again
text: in his ears. Then another shooting pain...
scene_heading: 78 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - RECEPTION AREA - DAY 78
text: Tucker and a fellow POLICE OFFICER are doing paperwork next to
text: a MAN covered with BLOOD. Tucker has a double take when he
text: sees an unconscious Ron being wheeled in on a stretcher by two
speaker_heading: PARAMEDICS.
scene_heading: 79 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY 79
text: Visible through an open door, Ron lies in bed in a hospital
text: gown, hooked up to an I.V. tube. In the hall, Tucker and Dr.
dialog: Sevard are with the FDA's Richard Barkley.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: We don't know what the drugs are. He's
dialog: got HIV.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Woodroof?
scene_heading: 80 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - ROOM - CONTINUOUS 80
text: Ron hears the voices in the hallway.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That a party out there?
text: Dr. Sevard and the others hear Ron, enter his room.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Mr. Woodroof.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 53
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Doc-tor Sevard! You must be surprised to
dialog: see me.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: You nearly killed yourself. We need to
dialog: know where you acquired those drugs.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (re: I.V. tube)
dialog: And I need to know what you're
dialog: pumpin' into me here.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: A combination of AZT...
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What? Get it out!
text: Ron rips the I.V. out of his arm.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm gonna sue you for attempted murder!
dialog: Where's my stuff?
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Your stuff gave you a heart attack.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Go to hell. I say what goes in my body,
dialog: not you. Final. Period. End of story.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: That decision, like it or not, is left up
dialog: to the people in this hospital.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: This thing's an epidemic and you're still
dialog: lookin for guinea pigs. Well do I look
dialog: like a rodent to you?
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: Mr. Woodroof, we tolerate the Buyers
dialog: Clubs. Now, every other organization in
dialog: the country is dancing with us but for
dialog: some reason, either you don't understand
dialog: what we're saying or you just don't give
dialog: a shit.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: You're a fool if you think you're helping
dialog: yourself.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 53A
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That's right. I fooled you. You told me
dialog: I'd be dead in thirty days.
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 54
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: Well HOWDYFUCKINDOODY, cuz it's a year
dialog: later and look whose still here?
text: Tucker tries to stifle a laugh.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Now I'm through with you. You got
dialog: anything to say, tell it to my real
dialog: doctor, Dr. Saks.
text: Rayon rushes in carrying Ron's leather jacket.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I was so worried --
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where's my suitcase?
speaker_heading: SEVARD
dialog: Mr. Woodroof, would you please get back
dialog: in bed?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Nope. And if you're gonna call an
dialog: orderly on me, you'd better fuckin' do
dialog: it, cuz this motherfucker is going home.
text: 81 Ron grabs his leather jacket and throws it on. He walks out 81
text: and we see he's naked under his gown.
scene_heading: 82 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - DR. EVE SAKS' OFFICE - DAY 82
text: Eve sits behind her desk, Dr. Sevard standing across from her.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: You're his physician and you can't tell
dialog: me what medications he's on?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: He came in once for advice. I have
dialog: no idea what he does outside of this
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Well the FDA confiscated over two
dialog: thousand vials of alpha interferon...
dialog: that he was about to sell to AIDS
dialog: patients. Our patients!
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 54A
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (testing the waters)
dialog: Actually, I've been reading about Buyers
dialog: Clubs. They say they found other drugs
dialog: that are eliminating symptoms.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 55-57
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Without controlled trials, we'll never be
dialog: able to cure this thing because we'll
dialog: have no legitimate data. Tell your
dialog: patients to stay away from him.
text: With that, Sevard exits. On Eve.
scene_heading: 83 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RAYON'S OFFICE - DAY 83
text: Lots of activity, many EMPLOYEES on phones, SHIPMENTS coming
text: in, new CLIENTS lined up through the connecting door into...
text: RON'S OFFICE. Maps of the different locations around the
dialog: country where buyers clubs have shown up, New-York, San-
dialog: Francisco, Miami.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: (holding a phone)
dialog: This guy says the Florida Buyers Club is
dialog: cheaper.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Then tell him to move to the fuckin'
dialog: sunshine state!
text: A phone cradled in his neck, Ron accepts a shipment of several
text: dozen boxes from a guy we saw earlier in Mexico.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: What do you mean you can't get it back?!
dialog: It was authorized by a doctor!
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE (O.C.)
dialog: The FDA said it was a Japanese doctor
dialog: with no legal standing. What can I say,
text: they make it up as they go.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: 84 Then check China, Amsterdam and Israel 84
dialog: cause that's where I'm fuckin' goin'!
dialog: 85 MONTAGE 85
text: PLANES take off and LAND; we track Ron making his way through
text: various airports and international cities; we see a series of
dialog: Departure Boards - Tel Aviv; Amsterdam; Hong Kong.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 58
scene_heading: 86 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - DAY 86
text: Not yet open for business. As Rayon and his friend SUNNY hang
text: photos on a freshly-painted nearby wall. Eve stands across
text: from Ron with her arms crossed.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I got first hand experience with all of
dialog: 'em. And I'll tell you something else,
dialog: if I don't know what somethin' is, or
dialog: don't trust the white coat who's trying
dialog: to sell it to me, I fed-ex it to my lab
dialog: in Seattle and they test if for me.
text: Eve looks around at all the boxes and files.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Then I test it all on myself before I
dialog: give it to anyone else.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: I'm my own lab rat.
text: He grabs a box of meds.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Compound Q. You know what happens if I
dialog: come off it? My hair falls out, I lose
dialog: weight, I can't get my dick up and I
dialog: start to die. I got three hundred other
dialog: people with the same experience.
dialog: (grabs another box)
dialog: Peptitde T. Gets rid of dementia. Stop
dialog: takin' it and you can't think straight,
dialog: walk straight, or act straight. I got
dialog: over two hundred people on that. You
dialog: following me?
dialog: (grabs another box)
dialog: DDC and DDI, both toxic, but in small
dialog: doses, helps kick opportunistic
dialog: infections.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Ron, I respect that you're learning about
dialog: your illness but some of these people
dialog: should be in the hospital.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: All the hospital wants is to serve up
speaker_heading: AZT.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: AZT helps eradicate the virus.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 58A
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Fuck the virus, once you got that, you're
dialog: married to it. I'm more concerned about
dialog: my symptoms and survival. I mean, I'm no
dialog: scientist but...
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: (mocking him)
dialog: You're not? 'Cause you sound so...
dialog: scientific.
text: Rayon and Sunny laugh like children.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You fuckin' high again?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: I dunno.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Are you listenin' to what I'm sayin'
dialog: here about usin' that shit?
dialog: (then; noticing)
dialog: And what the fuck did you do to my wall?!
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: It's cranberry mocha. For the holidays.
text: Ron looks back at Eve, exasperated. He grabs a folder off his
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: People can live with this thing for
dialog: longer than they're saying. Ninety-six-
dialog: percent of people diagnosed with AIDS in
dialog: the U S of A will be dead in under six
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I know the statistics.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Then use them. Why give people AZT when
dialog: their immune system is broken? It's
dialog: fuckin' toxic!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: If you're abusing it, like you did, with
dialog: no medical surveillance, of course it is.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 58B
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Maybe I did abuse it, but I'm off it now,
dialog: and I'm here, feeling good. And I'm not
dialog: the only one.
text: Ron turns to Rayon and Sunny, who are hanging Marc Bolan's
text: pictures on the wall.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Why is Boy George's goddamned face
dialog: everywhere in my room?
text: Rayon and Sunny laugh.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: It's Marc Bolan, silly! Why don't you
dialog: just get it over with and say it, you
dialog: love it!
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (re: Rayon's Friend)
dialog: Take your sunflower and get out.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Fine!
text: Rayon and Sunny leave the room, laughing. Ron TEARS down
text: Bolan's pictures, and throws down the folder.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You know what, look at it, don't look at
dialog: it, I don't give a shit.
text: 87 After a beat, Eve takes the folder. 87
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 59
scene_heading: 88 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - BATHROOM - NIGHT 88
text: 89 Ron looks at his reflection in the mirror. Looks like he just 89
text: woke up. He stands over the sink taking his meds, pouring out
text: pills from among a DOZEN bottles. He finishes taking the last
text: pills, washing them down with water. Runs his hands through
text: his hair, looks at himself in the mirror, tries to find a
text: flattering angle. He stands there looking at himself. After
text: a while, he nods his approval.
scene_heading: 89A INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY 89A
text: Sevard is about to walk into a room but stops in his track.
text: Dumbfounded, he walks towards another room, shakes his head
text: and continues to the nurse's station.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Where the hell are my trial patients?
text: Nurse Frazin ignores him and walks away.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 60
scene_heading: 90 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - DAY 90
text: The place is jammed with BUYERS. On the wall, people add
text: their information to Ron's ever growing chart. EMPLOYEES
text: unpack boxes and wait to talk to Ron who walks out.
scene_heading: 90A EXT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - DAY 90A
text: Ron walks past the line of customers and up the stairs to the
text: second floor. He spots a MAN leaning against his new
dialog: Cadillac.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Don't touch!
scene_heading: 91 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - 2ND FLOOR ROOM - DAY 91
text: Rayon, sick again, rolls down his pants and prepares to insert
text: a needle into his thigh. He closes his eyes, brings the
text: wavering needle closer to his skin...
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: If you ain't doin' poppers and coke, how
dialog: come you look like such shit?
text: Rayon ignores Ron, tries to muster up the courage.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You pussy, stick it in. Who do you think
dialog: is gonna do that when I ain't here?
text: Rayon looks at Ron with pleading eyes.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Rayon, I swear, God sure was dressin' the
dialog: wrong doll when he blessed you with a
dialog: pair of balls.
dialog: (walks over)
dialog: Give me that thing.
text: Ron takes the needle and injects Rayon with the drug.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You know it's one thing for me not to
dialog: like you, but why don't you be a better
dialog: friend to yourself?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: If I really thought you were interested,
dialog: I'd tell you.
text: Just then, the door opens. It's Ron's attorney, David Wayne.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 61
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What are you doin' here?
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: (holds up paper)
dialog: You're being audited. The IRS.
scene_heading: 92 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - DAY 92
text: Ron and David Wayne look on as two IRS AGENTS carry out boxes
dialog: of receipts and other financial records.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Nice work, fellas, great. This is how
dialog: you got Al Capone, ain't it?
text: As the Agents exit:
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: Don't piss them off. If there's a fine,
dialog: we'll pay it.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: A fine? Fine, alright, how much? Ten
dialog: thousand? Twenty thousand? I'll write
dialog: you a check right now.
text: Ron grabs his check book.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You think that will stop me, you
dialog: motherfuckers!
dialog: 93 David waves Ron down with his hands. 93
scene_heading: 94 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - NIGHT 94
text: Rayon is prepping shipping boxes with Sunny, drawing abstract
text: artistic designs on the boxes.
text: Ron walks out of the bathroom dressed in a gangster style
text: suit. Rayon gives him the once over.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 62
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Honey, you don't have a snowball's chance
dialog: wearing that thing.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Rayon, I don't need help gettin' ladies
dialog: from your sorry ass.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Trailer trash and rodeo groupies do not
dialog: count as ladies. Are you sure she said
dialog: the word yes?
dialog: Fuck off!
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: You got any flowers?
text: Ron looks around, spots the Wild Flower PAINTING. He walks
text: over and yanks it off the wall, looks at Rayon defiantly, puts
text: it under his arm and storms out the door.
scene_heading: 95 INT. DUNSTON'S STEAK HOUSE - NIGHT 95
text: Eve waits in a booth. She watches a couple flirt at another
text: table. The WOMAN laughs and tosses her hair back. Eve self
text: consciously tucks her hair behind her ear. She stops,
text: realizes what she's doing. Just then, Ron approaches with the
text: PAINTING.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It's the Wildflowers. Texas style.
text: Ron hands her the painting. She smiles, plays along.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: They're beautiful. Thank you. And I
dialog: don't even have to water them.
text: Ron slides in across from her.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Thanks for coming.
text: A beat. She looks at his suit and smiles politely.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: The IRS is on my ass. I wonder who
dialog: tipped them off?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 63
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You don't actually believe I would do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Nah. But you gonna have to watch what
dialog: you say when you're around that snake you
dialog: work with. He's the virus I'm worried
dialog: about. As a matter fact, if you hear of
dialog: anything...
text: She shakes her head, amused. A WAITER approaches.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Bring us your best bottle of Cabernet.
text: The Waiter nods and leaves.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Nice restaurant, beautiful woman. I feel
dialog: like a human being again.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How come you ain't got no high powered
dialog: corporate honey to take you dancin'?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I don't dance.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That's cause you don't got a honey. How
dialog: old are you anyway? Twenty two?
text: Eve shoots him a "nice try" look. She wonders, is he here to
dialog: flirt or talk business?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 64
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Why are we here?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: To eat, drink, enjoy life, be merry...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah right.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Take a break, relax, breathe, Saks.
text: She sits back, smiles, the waiter comes back with the wine.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Normal people do that, ya know.
text: She takes a proper sip of wine as he takes a gulp.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: So why'd you become a doctor?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Because I was good in science. And my
dialog: father said studying history was a waste
dialog: of time. So I went to med school.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Not what I thought you'd say but makes
dialog: sense, your dad was a practical man.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes, he was. Your turn. Why did you
dialog: become... an electrician, right?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well my old man was an electrician. A
dialog: good one too. But he was a better
dialog: drinker. Which I learned from him as
dialog: well.
text: Ron raises his glass in a toast. They share a smile.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: So I was around it a lot. Got pretty
dialog: good at takin' shit apart, seein' how the
dialog: insides worked, and then puttin' it back
dialog: together. I was good at it and it put
dialog: some change in my pocket.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What about your mom?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 64A
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: She was a painter, kind of a gypsy. She
dialog: got tired a' all the shit and left. You
dialog: know how it is.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (re: Wildflowers)
dialog: She painted that, your mom?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Don't feel like you gotta hang it. I
dialog: know you like everything perfect.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I do not. I'll hang it. I'm going to
dialog: hang it. It's just... are you sure you
dialog: don't want to keep it?
text: Ron looks at her. A long time, then:
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You need to enjoy your life, little lady.
dialog: You only got one.
text: 96 The Waiter approaches with the wine. Ron and Eve both look at 96
text: each other, enjoying their company.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 65
scene_heading: 97 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - NIGHT 97
text: We hear someone breathing. We're on one of the POSTERS of a
text: bikini clad woman. We pan to another poster of another girl,
text: then another. The breathing is getting more intense. It's
text: obvious that someone is masturbating. Then we're on a POSTER
text: of... Marc Bolan. The breathing stops. Ron walks into frame
text: and tears Bolan's poster down. Then he spots another one.
dialog: And another one.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm gonna kill him!
scene_heading: 98 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RAYON'S OFFICE - MORNING 98
text: Ron sifts through boxes of inventory with a clipboard in his
text: hand.
text: A sickly looking Rayon sits on the sofa sipping a cup of green
dialog: tea, watching TV.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: We're running low on DDC and Peptide-T, I
dialog: thought you were stocking this?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Sit down and shut up.
text: Ron's POV on the TV.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: New studies have proven that AZT is
dialog: effective in stopping the progression of
dialog: AIDS in asymptomatic cases. Dr. Anthony
dialog: Fauci, head of the National Institute of
dialog: Health, announced that a trial had
dialog: clearly shown that early AZT intervention
dialog: will keep AIDS at bay. AZT is the only
dialog: drug that has been shown in
dialog: scientifically controlled trials to be
dialog: safe and effective, Fauci contended.
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 66
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (CONT'D)
scene_heading: 99 INT. EVE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 99
text: Phone to her ear, Eve sits watching the same broadcast.
speaker_heading: RON (O.C.)
dialog: Scientifically controlled, my ass! They
dialog: took eight months to approve it. And
dialog: from what we know now, AZT is everything
dialog: but safe!
scene_heading: 100 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - NURSE STATION - DAY 100
text: Eve stands talking to Nurse Frazin.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I want all my HIV patients on the
dialog: asymptomatic study to have their AZT
dialog: doses lowered to the minimum, 600
dialog: milligrams.
scene_heading: 101 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - DAY 101
text: With the line snaking out the door, Ron sits behind the desk
dialog: dealing with a BUYER.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That's four pills, three times a day with
dialog: food. The vitamins too.
text: As Ron starts putting the meds in a paper bag, we hear a
text: commotion coming from the other room.
speaker_heading: RAYON (O.C.)
dialog: I'm not letting you in, you have a search
dialog: warrant?
text: RAYON'S OFFICE:
text: Rayon, still in his robe, stands blocking the doorway to
text: Richard Barkley who signals to Tucker to take over. Tucker
text: gestures to Rayon to move out of the way. He walks in with a
text: FELLOW POLICE OFFICER and two DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION
dialog: (DEA) agents.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 67
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: The hell's all this?
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Sorry, Ron.
dialog: (to the Buyers)
dialog: Gentlemen, I'm gonna need you all to
dialog: leave the premises in an orderly
dialog: fashion, please!
text: Some GRUMBLING as the Buyers file out. Barkley enters.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: Mr. Woodroof, I have a court order
dialog: permitting us to confiscate any and all
dialog: non-FDA approved drugs or supplements.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: In other words, my entire inventory.
text: Ron looks over at one of the FDA Agents, who has begun opening
text: boxes. As the Agent removes an unmarked bottle:
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Aloe vera! It's a plant. What do you
dialog: give a shit if people eat plants?
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: It's improperly labeled. That's a
dialog: violation of FDA regulations.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It's a bullshit technicality and you
dialog: know it!
dialog: (to Rayon)
dialog: Get my lawyer on the phone.
text: Rayon crosses off to make the call.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: Our primary concern is preventing a
dialog: market for illegal drugs.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Illegal? Unapproved! These are vitamins
dialog: and minerals, for Chrissake!
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: Vitamins and minerals that gave you a
dialog: heart attack, remember?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm not selling that stuff, you
dialog: confiscated it, remember?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 68
dialog: The agents confiscate lots of small blue boxes and put them in
text: an evidence bag.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: What's the matter, you got Alzheimer,
dialog: Richard?
dialog: (pointing at the blue boxes)
dialog: 'Cause Peptide T works for Alzheimers
dialog: too, ya know?
text: Tucker looks over at Ron.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Come on, it's a protein! Effective with
dialog: dementia which I have. Why don't you
dialog: just look at my research?
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: Woodroof, I wouldn't want you to spend
dialog: your last days in jail. If you have a
dialog: product you'd like tested, fill out an
dialog: application and go through the process.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Don't threaten me! I'm unapproved
dialog: motherfucker! The process? That's just
dialog: FDA bullshit for pay up! 250 million
dialog: worth!
text: The Agents exit carrying boxes and bags; Barkley gives Ron a
text: big smile.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: You'll be receiving your fine for non
dialog: compliance and improper labelling soon.
text: Barkley leaves followed by Tucker who looks sorry for Ron.
text: Rayon comes back to the room. He takes a last peek through
text: the window, and pulls boxes of Peptide T from underneath his
text: robe, with the smile of a kid on his face, handing Ron the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Your lawyer.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: These fuckers are comin' at me from all
dialog: angles! I wanna file a restraining
dialog: order!
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE (O.C.)
dialog: What? Against who?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 69
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: The Government and their fuckin' FDA!
text: He slams down the phone.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: We gotta relocate!
scene_heading: 102 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - DR. EVE SAKS' OFFICE - DAY 102
text: Eve is at her desk when suddenly Dr. Sevard barges in.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Who gave you permission to lower your
dialog: patients' AZT doses?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I don't need permission. I'm their
dialog: doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: I want those doses readjusted
dialog: immediately. The study protocol does not
dialog: allow dose reductions.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I'm not doing a study for people who are
dialog: asymptomatic with a toxic drug that makes
dialog: them sick. We don't treat people who
dialog: have antibodies for pneumonia or chicken
dialog: pox when they're healthy. Why should HIV
dialog: be any different?
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: It's a different kind of virus.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Says who? Barrow Wilkem?!
text: Dr. Sevard stares at Eve, who stands her ground.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Besides, I consulted with each of them
dialog: individually, it was their decision.
text: Sevard leaves, fuming.
speaker_heading: FRANK YOUNG (V.O.)
dialog: --and effective immediately...
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 70
scene_heading: 103 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RAYON'S OFFICE - DAY 103
text: CLOSE ON TV: we see Ron and Rayon's reflection as they're
text: watching FDA commissioner Frank Young standing at a podium
text: before a dozen microphones, mid-press conference, bombarded by
text: camera flashes.
speaker_heading: FRANK YOUNG
dialog: ...Americans with life-threatening
dialog: illnesses will be permitted to import
dialog: small quantities of unapproved drugs for
dialog: their personal use. Under this
dialog: arrangement, the drugs may only be
dialog: purchased by individuals who have been
dialog: prescribed the medication by a physician.
text: Ron turns the TV off, shakes his head as he walks away.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: What the fuck does that mean?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It means we were unapproved. Now we're
dialog: illegal!
scene_heading: 104 INT. LONESTAR BAR - BATHROOM - DAY 104
text: Ron pulls out a brown paper BAG from inside the PAPER TOWEL
text: DISPENSER. He removes a stack of CASH, puts it in his coat,
text: places a BLUE BOX into the dispenser and closes the top.
scene_heading: 105 INT. LONESTAR BAR - DAY 105
text: Ron walks out to a table where Rayon is waiting. Rayon has a
text: ledger in front of him. His condition is deteriorating.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Let's get outta here.
text: Rayon gathers his things and gets up to leave. Ron looks up
text: and sees TUCKER looking at him as he's drinking a beer across
text: the room with a few other cops. Ron signals to a waitress.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Send a round of beers over to my friends.
text: Ron throws some cash down on the table.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Save your money, we're broke. Our credit
dialog: cards are maxed.
dialog: (MORE)
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 71
speaker_heading: RAYON (CONT'D)
dialog: A hundred grand between the FDA and the
dialog: IRS fines. The pharmacy bills due...
text: Ron ignores him. A busty waitress floats by.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: How bout that size? Those would look
dialog: good on me.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You ain't gettin' tits, Rayon.
dialog: Memberships are high and so is demand.
dialog: So we recruit more members from where?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Support groups.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Yep! I'm gotta find MDs to write them
dialog: prescriptions so we can keep dealin'
dialog: these drugs... legally now.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: In the meantime we could try the bank?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Oh yeah, Bonnie and Clyde comin' in for a
dialog: loan. Stop starin' at her tits, you're
dialog: startin' to look normal.
scene_heading: 106 INT. TUCKER'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 106
text: Tucker, still in his police uniform, finishes clearing the
text: table after dinner with his old father, who sits silently in a
text: rocking chair.
text: Tucker opens the BLUE BOX and removes a Buyers Club bottle of
text: Peptide T and a note.
speaker_heading: RON (V.O.)
dialog: Tuck, sorry to hear about your dad's
dialog: Alzheimer. This will help. Woodroof.
scene_heading: 107 INT. SMALL HOME - DALLAS - DAY 107
text: The house hasn't seen new carpet since the 60's. The
dialog: conservative gay couple we met earlier, Ian and Michael, show
text: Ron around.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 72
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: This place is crap, I'll give you one
dialog: fifty a month and fifty percent off your
dialog: meds.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Mr. Woodroof --
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Don't try to con me --
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: We don't want money.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: The house is free. We want to help.
text: Ron looks from Ian and Michael and back again.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Oh. Well that's good news.
text: Ian sticks his hand out, Ron shakes it.
scene_heading: 108 INT. DRADDY AUDITORIUM - DALLAS HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT 108
text: The same meeting from the beginning; packed with mostly gay
text: MEN. A different group of people are here now, but the
dialog: atmosphere is the same.
text: Ron stands at the back of the auditorium with Rayon at his
text: side chewing gum like a baseball coach. Ron flips the lights
dialog: off and on...
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Hello... Howdy...
text: The CROWD calms down, turns to look at Ron.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I got what you got and I have traveled
dialog: the world looking for alternative
dialog: medications, stuff not available yet in
dialog: America, thanks to the good folks down at
dialog: the FDA.
text: A murmur travels through the audience as people listen.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 73
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Some of you may have heard of the Dallas
dialog: Buyers Club, an organization I founded
dialog: with my friend Rayon. Risk might be
dialog: high, but what the hell, you're risking
dialog: your life every time you go into one of
dialog: them there hospitals.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't know where most of the people are
dialog: who were at these meetings a year and a
dialog: half ago... maybe they lost interest...
dialog: maybe they're dead... but I'm here. I'm
dialog: walking, talking, breathing... and ain't
dialog: no one gonna take that away from me. I
dialog: gotta life to lead.
text: A murmur travels through the audience as people listen.
dialog: The point of our club was to get
dialog: alternative treatments and medications
dialog: into the hands of those who need 'em.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The cost of joining this club used to be
dialog: $400 a month. Well I'm here tonight with
dialog: a special offer. Anyone who's interested
dialog: can come and sign up for the one-time
dialog: only, rock bottom price of zero.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's right, I'm giving it away folks.
text: More murmurs through the crowd.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: HIV don't mean shit. You ain't sick, you
dialog: ain't sick. Period. You tell a guy he's
dialog: got a week to live? Shit, he's already
dialog: dead. You tell a guy he can keep on
dialog: goin'? He'll find a way. Remember, ya
dialog: ain't dyin'. But if you think you are
dialog: then you ain't got nothing to lose.
text: Ron does a double take at Rayon who is staring at him with
text: tears in his eyes. Someone hesitantly applauds. A MAN gets
text: up and walks to Ron, slowly OTHERS do too.
scene_heading: 109 INT. FIRST BANK - DALLAS - DAY 109
text: A financial institution. A MAN, 50s, walks over to the
text: waiting area and coldly signals a younger man to follow him.
text: This is Rayon, hair slicked back, devoid of makeup and
text: jewelry, wearing Ron's business suit. He gets up.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 73A
scene_heading: 110 INT. MAN'S OFFICE - FIRST BANK - DALLAS - DAY 110
text: Rayon looks at the various family PHOTOS which decorate the
text: bookshelves of the man's office who sits behind his desk.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Guess I didn't make the cut.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: You made that choice yourself.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: It wasn't a choice, Dad.
text: Rayon's father looks at him with disdain.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 74
speaker_heading: RAYON'S FATHER
dialog: What do you want, Raymond?
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I'm fine, thanks. And you? Long time no
dialog: see.
speaker_heading: RAYON'S FATHER
dialog: I suppose I should thank you for wearing
dialog: men's clothes and not embarrassing me.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Are you ashamed of me? Because I never
dialog: realized that.
speaker_heading: RAYON'S FATHER
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: God help me.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: He is helpin' you. I got AIDS.
text: A long beat during which Rayon's father finally shows some
text: sympathy. Rayon looks like his father's son for a moment.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I'm sorry, dad. I found someone who's
dialog: been helping me and now I'd like to help
dialog: him.
scene_heading: A110 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB - RAYON'S OFFICE - BATHROOM - DAY A110
text: Rayon finishes taking Ron's suit off and looks at his
text: reflection, takes in the lesions on his naked body, grabs a
text: compact and a tube of lipstick, and starts putting making up
text: on his face, holding back tears.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: God, when I meet you, I'm gonna look
dialog: pretty if it's the last thing I do. I'll
dialog: be a super model angel.
scene_heading: 111 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RON'S OFFICE - NIGHT 111
text: Ron is on the PHONE, his personal address book in his hand.
text: There is MOVING BOXES scattered throughout the room.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What? No, please, wait a minute, doc...
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 75
text: The phone CLICKS. Ron slams the phone down several times.
text: Suddenly Rayon enters as he finishes buttoning up his dress.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: All the MDs are fuckin' backpeddlin' on
text: their heels. The FDA is scaring them
dialog: with license revocation if they write
dialog: scripts.
text: Rayon throws a cash filled envelope on Ron's desk.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Maybe this will help.
text: Ron looks at the cash in disbelief: two wrapped wads of
dialog: hundred dollar bills, worth maybe $10,000.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Where'd you get that?
text: Rayon exits the room proudly.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Did you sell your ass?
speaker_heading: RAYON (O.C.)
dialog: Just a simple fuckin' thank you would do.
text: Ron looks at the cash, shakes his head...
scene_heading: 111A INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RAYON'S OFFICE - NIGHT 111A
text: As Rayon walks into his room, Ron appears.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Really, come on, where did you get it?
text: A long beat. Rayon hesitates.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: I sold my life insurance policy.
text: Ron offers Rayon a hand shake. Rayon opens his arms. They
text: hug. Ron whispers a heartfelt, "thank you."
scene_heading: 112 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - DR. EVE SAKS' OFFICE - DAY 112
text: Seated at her desk, Eve looks up when she hears a KNOCK on the
text: door. Ron, wearing a huge SOMBRERO HAT, enters.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What are you doing?
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 76
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Goin' to Mexico, chica, you comin'?
text: Ron takes his hat off and puts it on her head, covering her
text: eyes. From Eve's point of view, it's pitch black until she
text: adjusts the hat, amused.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Do I look like someone who takes
dialog: vacations?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Come on, tequila, sunshine, tacos, never
dialog: hurt anybody.
text: Eve enjoys the attention. Shakes her head.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I knew you'd rain on my party, but I had
dialog: to give it a shot.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Listen, I gotta ask you a favor. I need
dialog: you to write me prescriptions so I can
dialog: come across the border. I might not need
dialog: it but if I do, I'll have them.
text: Eve doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You know this rule that the FDA just
dialog: passed was just bullshit. Ain't no doc
dialog: from here to the north pole will write
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I know and I can't either. I'm sorry.
dialog: We can't write scripts for random people
dialog: and random drugs. Plus what if something
dialog: goes wrong with these drugs? We could
dialog: get sued, lose our license.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Okay! Never hurts to ask.
text: Eve takes the hat off and hands it to Ron.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Keep it, nurse Ratched!
text: Ron exits the room leaving Eve with the sombrero.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 77
scene_heading: 113 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB MOTEL - RAYON'S OFFICE - DAY 113
text: Music plays. Rayon, extremely sick, holds a bottle of
text: POPPERS, watches Sunny dance around the room amongst the
text: stacked moving boxes. Rayon starts coughing into a scarf,
text: pulls it away, it's covered with BLOOD. Sunny stops dancing.
speaker_heading: SUNNY
dialog: You need to go to the hospital.
text: Rayon can't respond.
speaker_heading: SUNNY
dialog: That's it. I'm driving you, right now.
text: Sunny walks over and picks up Rayon, throws him over his
text: shoulder.
speaker_heading: RAYON
dialog: Okay, okay. I'll go. Put me down. Let
dialog: me get some things first.
text: Rayon picks up his bag.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. DR. VASS' CLINIC - MEXICO CITY - DAY 114
text: Ron enters the clinic with a suitcase.
scene_heading: 115 INT. DR. VASS' CLINIC - MEXICO CITY - DAY 115
text: CLOSE ON a BUTTERFLY, emerald green wings with a blood red
text: middle. Its wings flap with life as a hand holds it and a
text: needle is inserted into its middle, extracting its fluids.
text: Dr. Vass conducts the experiment with Ron looking on. In the
text: background, another makeshift lab.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: Secretions that the caterpillar uses to
dialog: protect itself during the incubation
dialog: period...
text: Dr. Vass empties the contents of the syringe into a test-tube.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: ...act as a non-toxic anti-viral for
dialog: humans. The answer to a question.
text: Dr. Vass sets the test-tube on a tray, crosses to a table
text: lined with boxes, postmarks in different languages covering
text: their surfaces. He rummages on the table, finds a report.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 78
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: (handing it to Ron)
dialog: The Lancet medical journal published a
dialog: study conducted in France. Proves AZT
dialog: alone is too toxic for most to tolerate,
dialog: and had no lasting effect on HIV blood
dialog: levels. Of course, Barrow Wilkem and the
dialog: NIH did not include the study in their
dialog: press release.
text: Ron takes the study, looks it over.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Doesn't surprise me at all.
text: Vass hands Ron some more paperwork.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: These are early trial results for
dialog: Fluconazole.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: The anti-fungal, right? I read about
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: You want to take some home?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: As much I can carry.
speaker_heading: DR. VASS
dialog: We need a thousand more like you.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Hell Vass, I'm just tryin' to run a
dialog: business.
scene_heading: 116 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - ICU ROOM - NIGHT 116
text: Eve walks in, breathless. Eyes sunken, breathing shallow,
text: Rayon is hooked up to an I.V. as Nurse Frazin adjusts an
text: oxygen mask on his face.
speaker_heading: NURSE FRAZIN
dialog: I took him off of it as you instructed.
dialog: He's just on morphine now.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Good. I'll be in my office. Thanks for
text: calling.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 79
text: She sees Sunny outside of the room, watching. She gives him a
text: hopeful smile and walks off.
scene_heading: 117 INT. DR. VASS' CLINIC - MEXICO CITY - NIGHT 117
text: Ron leaves the lab and notices an ominous green glow coming
text: from a nearby room. He approaches it slowly, drawn to it.
scene_heading: 118 INT. DR. VASS' CLINIC - MEXICO CITY - ROOM - NIGHT 118
text: As he enters, he notices hundreds of emerald green BUTTERFLIES
text: flying in the air and hanging on the wall. Their vibrant
text: colors give off a luminous glow. A butterfly lands on his
text: hand. He slowly raises his hand to his face for a better
text: view. As time goes on, more and more butterflies land on
text: Ron's hand and body. Ron takes it all in. Illuminated from
text: the butterflies, he looks like a "Lite-Brite".
scene_heading: A119 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - DR. EVE SAK'S OFFICE - NIGHT A119
text: Eve wakes up, seated at her desk.
scene_heading: 119 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - ICU ROOM - NIGHT 119
text: Rayon lies alone in bed, delirious from morphine, mumbling
text: beneath his oxygen mask. After a few beats, he takes it off,
text: leans over to the side table, takes a compact and a tube of
text: lipstick from his purse, and starts to apply it, his hands
text: trembling as he does. His mission accomplished, he sets the
text: lipstick aside, then leans his head back. And as he closes
text: his eyes and drifts away...
scene_heading: 120 EXT. AIRPLANE - DAY 120
text: Ron sits in his seat happily scribbling prescriptions for the
dialog: drugs he is bringing in.
text: On the pad we see the name - Dr. Eve Saks, the same pad...
dialog: FLASHBACK: ...that Ron took in Eve's office when she had the
text: sombrero on her face.
scene_heading: 121 INT. DALLAS INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - HOLDING ROOM - DAY 121
text: Boxes filled with hundreds of small bottles of Fluconazole lay
text: on the floor.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 80
text: Ron sits in a chair looking on as an FDA AGENT flips through
text: his prescriptions, while another AGENT compares the names to
dialog: those on the bottles.
speaker_heading: FDA AIRPORT AGENT
dialog: (reads names)
dialog: Walker, Dorsett, Blount, Newsome,
dialog: Jeffcoat... these are patients?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: FDA AIRPORT AGENT
dialog: They're also the names of players on the
dialog: Dallas Cowboys.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: No shit? Well how's that for a
dialog: coincidence?
speaker_heading: FDA AIRPORT AGENT
dialog: Isn't this a little ridiculous?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You said it.
speaker_heading: FDA AIRPORT AGENT
dialog: Can you prove these are patients?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Can you prove they're not?
text: The Agent looks at him, then resignedly continues to flip
dialog: through the prescriptions.
scene_heading: 122 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 122
text: Ron walks in. Denise stops unloading moving boxes and hands
text: him a stack of messages.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Those are the emergencies.
text: Ron flips through them, stops, looks around the room, and
text: notices Rayon's favorite Marc Bolan's posters on the walls of
text: his new headquarters.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Where's Rayon?
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: At the hospital.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 81
dialog: What?
scene_heading: 123 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - ICU ROOM - DAY 123
text: Ron rushes into Rayon's room. The bed is empty. The sheets
text: are on the floor. Seen from behind, Sunny places Rayon's
text: belongings in Rayon's bag. He turns. His eyes are bloodshot.
text: He looks at Ron and is about to start crying again.
scene_heading: 124 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY 124
text: Nurse Frazin is startled by off stage loud breaking noise.
text: Ron walks out of Rayon's room.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Sevaaaaard!
text: As Ron walks past her, Nurse Frazin grabs the phone.
speaker_heading: NURSE FRAZIN
dialog: I need security up here, right away.
text: Ron pushes open different doors looking for Dr. Sevard.
scene_heading: 125 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - PEDIATRIC AREA - DAY 125
text: Ron storms into a room where several PATIENTS wait for
dialog: appointments. Some are completely healthy, others are showing
text: signs of sickness.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Sevard!
text: Ron spots Sevard.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: There you are, you son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You killed him.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You call yourself a doctor? You are a
dialog: murderer.
text: The patients in the hallway turn their heads towards the
text: commotion. Eve walks out of a room and watches.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 82
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Leave or you will be arrested.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Arrest me?
dialog: (to the waiting patients)
dialog: Did you hear that?
text: Two SECURITY GUARDS enter.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: First class everything, big house,
dialog: Mercedes Benz. That's what they pay him
dialog: to say it's OK to pump poison into y'all.
text: The GUARDS move to grab Ron.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Get away from me. I got AIDS. I'll spit
dialog: on you.
text: Ron spits on the floor. The guards back off. Dr. Sevard
text: watches slack-jawed as Ron continues to spit. The guards grab
dialog: him...
text: ... as Eve watches Sevard, emotionally charged.
speaker_heading: RON (O.C.)
dialog: You see this? This is harassment. Get
dialog: me my attorney or do I have to be my own
dialog: lawyer too. Own doctor, own lawyer.
scene_heading: 125A EXT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - DAY 125A
text: Ron slams the car door shut, walks towards the house watching
text: the line of men snaking out the door. He takes them in. Most
text: of them look very sick. His eyes stop on Freddy who's
text: watching him. Freddy smiles as he waves cash at Ron who
text: feigns a smile and walks in.
scene_heading: 125B INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 125B
text: Ron enters as Denise finishes handing out information to three
text: very sick MEN. Denise makes her way over to Ron.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: (re: sick men)
dialog: From Austin. All on AZT. Their
dialog: insurance is paying for the treatment and
dialog: they don't know if they can afford to
dialog: switch.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 83
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Hook `em up.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: We're pretty cash poor.
text: Ron walks towards his office, stops, turns around and throws
text: his car keys to Denise.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Sell my car and make sure everyone gets
dialog: what they need.
scene_heading: 125C INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 125C
text: Ron pours himself some tequila and gulps it down. Pours
text: himself another glass. A hooker is dancing in front of him.
text: No music. She starts to touch him.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Just dance.
text: She goes down on him. He stops her, and leaves, throwing some
text: money on the floor.
scene_heading: 126 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - RON'S OFFICE - DAY 126
text: Ron wakes up to A KNOCK on the door. Eve walks in. A long
text: beat. Ron doesn't even look at her.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Anemia, Cancer, Bone Marrow depletion,
dialog: Fever, Diarrhea, Vomiting, Neuropathy,
dialog: Anxiety, Dizziness, Impotence, Hearing
dialog: loss, Nervousness, Seizures... Sound like
dialog: AIDS to you? That there comes inside a
dialog: box of AZT, a list of side effects.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Rayon was a drug addict! It wasn't a day
dialog: on AZT that killed him, but the disease
dialog: as a whole!
text: Ron registers. Calms down a bit.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Ron, you stole my prescription pad! So
dialog: don't accuse me of acting irresponsibly!
dialog: Rayon came to the hospital on his own...
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 83A
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: ... and got carried out in a trash bag
dialog: three days later!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: He was my friend too, you know!
text: They both get quiet. A beat during which Eve is holding back
dialog: tears.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 84
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Let me ask you something. Let's say I
dialog: have the cure right here in my back
dialog: pocket. I could save everyone today.
text: Eve's expression changes.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: But I don't have no funding and I don't
dialog: have no backing. Now how long is it
dialog: gonna take before the FDA approves it?
text: Ron crosses to the desk, produces a copy of the Lancet Medical
text: Journal Study he got from Dr. Vass, and hands it to her.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Read that and you tell me how wrong is
dialog: too wrong?
scene_heading: 127 INT. EVE'S HOUSE - NIGHT 127
text: Eve walks into her house, opens a drawer, removes a hammer,
text: smashes it down on a nail and misses. She smashes the hammer
text: down again, harder, and again, and again. Her POV: lots of
text: holes in the wall, very far from the nail, and soon hidden by
text: Ron's painting of the Texas Wildflowers. She walks away
text: without straightening it, sits down and starts reading the
dialog: "Lancet Study".
speaker_heading: RON (V.O.)
dialog: I got three thousand people who need to
dialog: get their hands on Peptide T. Now.
dialog: Including me.
scene_heading: 128 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 128
text: Ron paces the floor as David Wayne walks in with a big
dialog: cardboard box.
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: They shut her lab down. The FDA has shut
dialog: all of our suppliers down, what can I
dialog: tell you?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: If I don't get it by the end of the week
dialog: I wanna file a lawsuit.
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: Come on, Ron, we lost the restraining
dialog: order, remember? We're in Texas. The
dialog: court system is the last resort for you.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 85
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well find a place where it's not,
dialog: Goddamnit. Go to San Francisco, get a
dialog: sissy judge, figure it out!
text: Ron spots a FLYER on the cardboard box and grabs it. It
text: reads: "DALLAS BUYERS CLUB NEWSLETTER".
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Perfect.
scene_heading: 129 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - PEDIATRIC WARD - DAY 129
text: Eve watches as young apparently healthy CHILDREN wait with
text: their PARENTS to complete forms. She goes up to Dr. Sevard.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: Barrow Wilkem gave us the green light on
dialog: the AZT pediatric trials.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What? This is crazy! All these kids are
dialog: HIV positive?
text: Sevard looks uneasy.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: We're starting very slowly with a fifth
dialog: of a dose.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Would you give this fifth of a dose to
dialog: your own child?
text: Touch. Sevard holds her gaze for a moment and leaves.
scene_heading: 130 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - PEDIATRIC WAITING AREA - DAY 130
text: YOUNG CHILDREN are waiting with their parents. Among them, a
text: girl with her mother, Francine Suskind, the woman from
dialog: Beaumont Lab whom Ron met earlier.
text: Eve walks in and discreetly places Dallas Buyers Club flyers
text: on a table, then walks off.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 86
scene_heading: 131 INT. DRADDY AUDITORIUM - DALLAS HIGH SCHOOL - DAY 131
text: The room is packed. On the dais stands Richard Barkley from
text: the FDA. To his left and right, are representatives from the
dialog: Center for Disease Control, the National Institute of Health
text: and ACT-UP. They HEAR something SQUEAKING and look up:
text: At the back of the room, Ron enters, hooked up to an I.V. drip
text: on wheels that he carries along as he starts passing out
text: copies of his flyer.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Here you go, please read this.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Woodroof, will you kindly tell us
dialog: what you are doing?
text: Everyone turns to look at Ron.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm givin' people information... on this
dialog: trial I'm in, right now. I want everyone
dialog: here to know what's going on.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: And what is going on?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Why was Peptide T cut off? A non-toxic
dialog: drug, that I have proof works and that
dialog: according to the National Institute of
dialog: Mental Health, is completely safe.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: Mr. Woodroof, you are nothing but a
dialog: common drug dealer--
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm a drug dealer? You're the drug
dialog: dealer. The pharmaceutical companies are
dialog: the drug dealers.
text: Ron grabs a bag of jelly beans out of the hands of a person in
text: the audience. Holds them up.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: The yellow number fives, red, green and
dialog: purple dye you put in this here candy
dialog: causes seven kinds a cancer.
text: A SECURITY MAN approaches, Ron walks away from him.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 87
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: The aspartame in my diet coke, the
dialog: steroids in my meat, the hormones in my
text: milk, the antibiotics in the chicken.
dialog: Now that's the shit the FDA knows will
dialog: kill you. Yet you're all up there
dialog: worried that some sick people will find
dialog: somethin' without you and y'all won't get
dialog: paid.
text: Ron throws the bag of jelly beans to the security man who
text: catches it. And he leaves the room, squeaking away.
scene_heading: 132 INT. RON'S CAR - DALLAS STREET - DAY 132
text: Ron is driving, singing out loud, a cappella.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Oh I'm bad, I'm nationwide!
scene_heading: 133 INT. DALLAS MERCY HOSPITAL - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 133
text: Sevard puts Ron's flyer down on the table in front of Eve who
text: stands in front of the medical board.
speaker_heading: DR. SEVARD
dialog: We think it is in everyone's best
dialog: interest that you resign.
text: Eve looks at Dr. Sevard who meets her gaze with calculated
dialog: coldness.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I won't. You'll have to fire me.
text: She starts to leave, stops, turns around.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Y'all go fuck yourselves!
scene_heading: 134 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 134
text: Ron appears from the kitchen with a beer.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: One left.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: We're splitting that.
text: Ron cracks the beer and hands her the can.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 88
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That was a ballsy move!
text: Eve looks away. Ron opens his arms...
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: A nice, warm hug...
dialog: (she accepts it)
dialog: ...and a day of watchin' some bull
dialog: ridin', that's what you need, doctor
dialog: Woodroof's order.
text: She smiles and they both let go, uneasy with the closeness.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Don't you miss a regular life?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Regular? What's that? Doesn't exist.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Yeah, I guess.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I just want...
text: Ron looks at her.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What?
text: He takes the can back.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: ... an ice-cold beer at Ruby's. Go
dialog: dancin' with my woman. I want kids...
dialog: thumb wrestle with my sons. I don't
dialog: know. I got one life -- mine. But I
dialog: want someone else's. I feel I'm fighting
dialog: for a life I ain't got the time to live.
text: Ron downs some beer.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I want it all to mean somethin'.
text: Eve looks at Ron, studies him.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It does.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 89
scene_heading: 135 INT. EVE'S HOUSE - NIGHT 135
text: Eve looks at the painting of the Texas Wildflowers. For some
text: reason, she becomes emotional and decides to straighten it.
scene_heading: 136 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - BATHROOM - EARLY MORNING 136
text: CLOSE ON Ron's box of meds, almost empty. By the look on his
text: face, Ron clearly just woke up. But there is something else.
text: He takes an empty bottle of Peptide T and looks at it,
text: confused. Hears the strange ringing again...
scene_heading: 137 INT. RON'S CAR - DALLAS STREET - DAY 137
text: And that is all we hear as we see Ron driving along the street
text: into the middle of an intersection. Ron stops the car, puts
text: his hands over his ears, and walks out.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. STREET - DALLAS - DAY 138
text: Ron tries to direct traffic, bear foot. People blare their
text: car horns. Others scream out their windows. A POLICEMAN
text: arrives on the scene and approaches Ron.
text: Tucker pulls up and sees Ron, he jumps out of his car.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: I'll take care of this.
text: Tucker steps in. He grabs Ron's arm, makes eye contact.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Ron! You are in the middle of the
dialog: street. Do you understand what I'm
dialog: sayin'?
text: No answer from Ron.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Come on, man, let's go home.
text: Tucker puts a hand on Ron's shoulder and walks him towards his
text: squad car.
scene_heading: 139 INT. TUCKER'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 139
text: A BLUE BOX rests on the table, next to Ron who stares at it,
text: as he's being given an injection of Peptide T by Tucker.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 90
scene_heading: 140 INT. TUCKER'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 140
text: Tucker's father sits in a chair facing Ron.
speaker_heading: TUCKER'S FATHER
dialog: Of course I remember you, trouble maker.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I still am!
text: They share a smile.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm glad you're doin' better, sir.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: I'm gonna talk with Ron a minute, pop.
text: Tucker steps off to the side with Ron.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Listen, the FDA is gonna bust you
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Ron's wheels are turning.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Thanks for the tip, Tuck.
text: And as Ron exits the house...
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: I'll be there, man, and don't you fuckin'
dialog: hit me again!
scene_heading: 141 EXT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - DAY 141
text: A line of customers is out the door as three Dallas Police
text: Cars pull up. As Tucker gets out of the lead car, he is
text: greeted by Richard Barkley and two FDA Agents. They head
text: inside. That's Ron's POV...
scene_heading: 142 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 142
text: ...as he's watching from a window.
text: Eve tends to several buyers club members, I.V.s attached to
text: them, lying on the floor.
text: A NEWS TEAM films the entire thing.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 91
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (to the reporter)
dialog: This is Fluconazole. It helps them with
dialog: Thrush.
text: Suddenly, the front door OPENS. Police are in the room, guns
text: drawn.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: No one move. Put your hands in the air.
text: The news camera keeps rolling.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: Ronald Woodroof?
text: Ron steps up through the crowd.
speaker_heading: TUCKER
dialog: I have a warrant for your arrest, a
dialog: search warrant for the premises, and a
dialog: court order to cease and desist business
dialog: immediately.
text: And with that, Ron allows Tucker to handcuff him. And as he
text: does, the Customers "Boo" and "Hiss" loudly, all caught on by
dialog: the News Crew.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: Turn off that camera. Now!
text: But the Camera Man doesn't stop filming.
speaker_heading: RICHARD BARKLEY
dialog: (to Ron)
dialog: Please instruct the rest of these people
dialog: to leave, now.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I ain't no cop. Why'nt you tell 'em?
text: Tucker escorts Ron outside.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - DAY 143
text: The News Crew continues to film as Ron is led out past the
text: waiting Customers, talking to the reporter.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It's the bust of the century! Don't they
dialog: look like hardened criminals?!
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 92
text: An ambulance pulls up. MEN wearing MASKS and GLOVES begin to
text: escort people off. Barkley and his Agents watch the circus
text: from the sidewalk. Ron is put in the Squad Car by Tucker.
scene_heading: 144 INT. DALLAS POLICE STATION - HOLDING ROOM - DAY 144
text: David Wayne enters and throws a NEWSPAPER on the table in
text: front of Ron.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Deadly drugs? What the fuck?
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: They wrote the FDA's story.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I can't believe it. I tipped those
dialog: assholes off.
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: Don't worry. I got good news. I got you
dialog: a change of venue for the Peptide T trial
dialog: in San Francisco. And no surprise,
dialog: they're not pressing charges.
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: Then what the fuck am I doin' here?
speaker_heading: DAVID WAYNE
dialog: They're trying to break you, I don't
dialog: know. Let's get out of here.
text: They leave.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: They'll never break me.
scene_heading: 145 EXT. COURTHOUSE - SAN FRANCISCO 145
text: We see Ron's reflection in the window of a cab that moves out
text: of the way as Ron starts walking towards the Courthouse,
text: helped by David Wayne who holds his arm.
text: A SUPER fades in.
dialog: U.S. District Court Northern District of California
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 92A
scene_heading: 146 INT. COURTROOM - SAN FRANCISCO 146
text: Ron, dressed in a conservative suit, is looking extremely ill.
text: Next to him is David Wayne and two other younger ATTORNEYS.
dialog: On the opposing side are FDA representatives including Richard
text: Barkley and others who we haven't ever seen before. They have
dialog: a team of four attorneys.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: The constitution, specifically the ninth
dialog: amendment, does not state that you have
dialog: the right to be mentally healthy or
dialog: physically healthy. It does state that
dialog: you have a right to chose your own
dialog: medical care but that is interpreted as
dialog: medical care that is approved by the Food
dialog: and Drug Administration.
text: The Judge looks over to the FDA table.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Regarding the FDA, the court is highly
dialog: disturbed by its bullying tactics and
dialog: direct interference with a drug whose own
dialog: agency has found to be non-toxic. The
dialog: FDA was formed to protect people, not
dialog: prevent them from getting help.
text: The Judge sighs.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: The law does not seem to make much common
dialog: sense. If a person has been found to be
dialog: terminally ill they ought to be able to
dialog: take just about any drug they feel will
dialog: help... but that is not the law. Mr.
dialog: Woodroof, there is not a person in this
dialog: courtroom who is not moved to compassion
dialog: by your plight, what is lacking here is
dialog: the legal authority to intervene. I'm
dialog: sorry. This case is hereby dismissed.
text: The Judge bangs the gavel.
text: David Wayne raises in frustration. Ron closes his eyes,
dialog: defeated.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 93
scene_heading: 147 INT. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 147
text: Ron, still looking sick, opens the door and is startled by a
text: crowd of people clapping and cheering.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Jesus Mother Mary Fucking Christ!
text: Among the crowd, Ron spots Eve and David Wayne with a smile of
text: victory on their faces. Ron doesn't understand. They walk to
text: him and show him a paper with the FDA logo on it.
dialog: Black.
dialog: Super:
dialog: Following the trial, the FDA in Washington allowed Ron to get
dialog: Peptide T for his own personal use.
text: And as the cheering and clapping grow bigger, we cut to:
scene_heading: 148 EXT. RODEO - DAY 148
text: Ron, 20 pounds heavier, looking healthier, is sitting atop the
text: railing above the stall looking down at the bull. He's got on
text: gloves, hat, pants, and boots, ready to ride. He removes a
text: flask from his pocket and takes a long swig. The BULLHAND and
text: Ron exchange a look. Ron nods, takes a deep breath, swings
text: his legs over the railing, straddles the stall, stays above
text: the animal. The moment Ron's ass hits the leather, the gate
text: is up, the bull is out, and the crowd whoops it up.
text: Rodeo contestant number "43" Ron Woodroof rides the bull, his
text: hands, legs and heels all working together. His "off" hand is
text: held out above him, cutting the air for balance.
text: The bull makes an abrupt change of direction, catches Ron off
text: guard and just when it seems that he's about to be thrown in
text: the air, we hear Eve screaming her guts out as the image
text: freezes on a PERFECT FRAME on this cowboy in action to control
dialog: the beast.
text: The crowd's CHEERS are echoing in the distance, blended with
text: the soft strange ring that we know, that only Ron could hear.
text: And as we zoom in on the image:
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: Ronald Woodroof died on September 12, 1992, seven years after he
dialog: was diagnosed with the HIV virus. He managed to stay alive
dialog: using unapproved drugs and was memorialized by 1000 gay men in
dialog: Dallas, Texas.
scene_heading: Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 93A-95
text: FADE OUT.
dialog: Fluconazole and Alpha Interferon are now FDA approved.
dialog: DDC was approved in 1992 but is no longer used due to its
dialog: highly toxic effects.
dialog: Peptide T remains unapproved but still in studies for
dialog: neurological diseases, like Alzheimer.
dialog: Today, it is had been scientifically proven that HIV is the
dialog: cause of AIDS. Based on this knowledge, great strides have
dialog: been made in treating this infection with anti-HIV medications
dialog: but a cure has yet to be discovered.
dialog: The first studies with AZT as a single drug (monotherapy)
dialog: while showing initial good results did not ultimately prove to
dialog: be a long term solution for HIV treatment.
dialog: By 1996, medical researchers learned that HIV is best treated
text: with a combination cocktail of at least three HIV medications.
dialog: AZT was frequently used as a part of these early combination
dialog: therapies. Today, AZT has been largely replaced by safer, new
dialog: HIV medications. *
text: 
