dialog: 
dialog: November 20, 1989
scene_heading: DAYS OF THUNDER
dialog: by
dialog: Robert Towne
dialog: First Draft
dialog: NOTICE: This script and its contents are CONFIDENTIAL. It
dialog: is not to be reproduced or xeroxed without the expressed
dialog: permission of Paramount Pictures.
dialog: #20
scene_heading: A DON SIMPSON/JERRY BRUCKHEIMER PRODUCTION
dialog: Paramount Pictures Inc.
dialog: 5555 Melrose Ave.
dialog: Hollywood, CA 90038
dialog: 
text: FADE IN: A SERIES OF BLACK AND WHITE PHOTOGRAPHS
text: starting with a thirty-four Ford. The copper stills in
text: mountain mists; lean and hungry men and boys loading Mason
text: Jars and gallon tin drums of liquor into cars in cowpastures;
text: the cars speeding up, down and around the mountains, pursued
dialog: by relentless revenuers.
speaker_heading: LONE VOICE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Let me tell the story
dialog: I can teli it all
dialog: About the mountain boy who ran
dialog: illegal alcohol.
dialog: Daddy made the whiskey
dialog: Son, he drove the load
dialog: And when his engine roared
dialog: They called the highway Thunder Road.
text: Silence. Only the photo of the ‘34 Ford remains.
dialog: A crawl:
dialog: ‘Wherever they drove they discovered
dialog: the automobile did more than help them
dialog: make a living. It gave them a reason
dialog: to live.*
text: FADE: The silence is SHATTERED by the sound of rolling
text: thunder, rolling and growing, growing until it’s an
text: earsplitting, toothrattling, earthquaking all engulfing wave
dialog: of thunder times forty:
speaker_heading: EXT DAYTONA SPEEDWAY (DAY)
text: Forty stock cars in a blaze of sound and color have started
text: their engines. Begin CREDITS. The engines’ roar gives way
text: to a throbbing score and CAMERA races through the riot and
text: pageantry of the Daytona 500. Green, black, red, yellow,
dialog: white and checkered ~ all the flags that rule the thunder
text: wave past, the gold of Miller High Life, the
text: bullseye-day-glo-orange of Tide, the black bandit of
text: Goodwrench, these cars fly past, the snaky pit lizards with
text: their pick-me-up-and-fuck-me boots, the cooler carrying good
dialog: old boys totin’ more beer and more pussy and more Kabies, the
text: pit crews immaculately uniformed in Folger’s Red and Quaker
text: State green, the drivers sliding into uniforms and cars,
text: their dashboards with XEREX~VALVOLINE-COORS crests, each
text: driver a King in his commercial fiefdom, about to risk it all
text: in roaring battle, the wives holding their babies, anxiously
text: watching, spotters on the phones, ESPN crews going crazy
text: before a bank of tv monitors of all the above, the drivers
text: seated on folding chairs their heads bent in prayer and the
dialog: slogan under the Reverend, "with God you’re always a winner,"
text: the prowling pit Nazis of NASCAR, the battalions of
text: reporters, and more Miss Darlingtons and frizzy headed honey
text: legged blondes, the banks of suites behind windows where
dialog: money and power watch the pageantry below, all this in the
dialog: few seconds before -
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 2.
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS
dialog: This is it, welcome to Daytona and
dialog: another year of Winston Cup
dialog: racing, as forty of the top
dialog: drivers in the country begin their
text: annual quest, a furious assault on
dialog: the most coveted prize in auto
dialog: racing, the Winston Cup -
text: Shots of the cup and past winners.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: - thirty races at 16 tracks ina
text: grueling season that runs from
dialog: February to November, from short
text: half-mile high banked tracks like
dialog: Bristol, where you feel like
dialog: you're running around the inside
dialog: of a cereal bowl, to the 2.66
dialog: miles of the Talladega
dialog: International Speedway -
text: Quick shots - featuring the bunched, bee-buzzing of
text: Martinsville and Bristol - and the long sweeping..speed of
text: Daytona and Talladega - where a car does get airborne and
text: crashes through the guard rail.
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS
dialog: ~ the longest race is 600 miles,
dialog: the shortest 218. Depending on
dialog: the race, the winner will take
dialog: home anywhere from fifty to two
dialog: hundred thousand dollars and at
text: the end, when the last flag is
dialog: thrown, all the victories and all
dialog: the points added up, the Winston
dialog: Champion takes home the Cup, a
dialog: check for a million dollars and
dialog: the appreciation of over 3,000,000
dialog: fans, the largest attendance for
dialog: any motor sport in America -
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: ~ but today, Bob Jenkins, these
dialog: drivers have only one thing on
dialog: their mind, the crown jewel, the
dialog: superbowl of racing - the Daytona
dialog: 500.
text: Old black and white shots of Daytona beaches, cars racing and
text: spinning and spitting sand, to early black and whites of the
dialog: newly completed Daytona and legendary drivers like Fireball
dialog: Roberts and legendary glamor queens like Linda Vaughan -
dialog: Nov 20 1989. . 3.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: It was here on the beaches that
dialog: big Bill France first saw the
dialog: future, and out of the sands built
dialog: this 2.33 mile monument to
dialog: super-speed, the Daytona
dialog: International Speedway ~
scene_heading: A SOFT SOUTHERN VOICE
dialog: (genteel and discreet)
dialog: ~ scuse me, Tim. But I got some
dialog: guy from a construction company
dialog: out there -
scene_heading: INT CITY CHEVROLET (DAY) : 3
dialog: TIM DALAND the youthful owner of City Chevrolet has just been
text: torn away from the television in his customer’s lounge by
dialog: Junior Byrd, his manager.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (pointing toward showroom)
dialog: - wants to buy some vehicles.
text: Tim nods slowly, eyes drifting back toward the tiv.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: ~ a number of vehicles. Trucks,
dialog: cars...
text: Tim nods, watching the race coverage.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (patiently going on)
dialog: - six short wheel based pick-ups,
text: a couple of long wheels, a pair of
text: full sized Caprice’s...
text: Tim looks grudgingly to Junior, impressed.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: {an added feature)
dialog: Lotta cars, Tim - plus he doedn‘t
dialog: have a thing to trade. Naturally
text: he wants to talk to the dealer.
text: Tim nods.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Won’t be but a minute -
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Race startin?
text: Tim nods helplessly.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hell, then. 1/11 tell him to
dialog: forget the whole deal.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 4a.
text: Tim glances up at Junior who smiles, indicates he will take
text: care of the customer somehow. Tim turns back to the set.
scene_heading: ON THE T.V. - NED JARRETT AND BENNY PARSONS
text: continue with their coverage showing Waltrip, Bodine,
text: Earnhardt behind the mesh in their cars with photo inserts of
text: their faces. Then Rowdy Burns being interviewed by his Exxon
dialog: Chevy Lumina:
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: - of course last year’s winner
text: here, Rowdy Burns, is settin’ out
text: there on the pole, with the
dialog: fastest qualifying run, a
text: blistering 196.71 miles an hour.
speaker_heading: BENNY PARSONS
dialog: Well if Rowdy’s there for the last
dialog: lap I wouldn’t want to bet against
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: Nossir. But it does remind me,
dialog: Benny, that as stiff as the
dialog: competition is, in one sense
dialog: Daytona is going to be a little
dialog: easier for all the drivers this
dialog: year. Perhaps we should take this
dialog: moment to remember two men who
dialog: won’t be here, the fabled Buddy
dialog: Bretherton and his equally
dialog: legendary crew chief, Harry Hogge.
text: Capsule bio of Harry Hogge and Buddy Bretherton: moving from
text: black and white to color, they win race after race at track
dialog: after track.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: - one year ago today, here at
dialog: Daytona, tragedy struck. After an
dialog: uncharacteristic pre-race dispute
dialog: between the two men, Buddy
text: Bretherton died, hitting the wall
text: at over 195 miles an hour. Then,
dialog: late in the year NASCAR president
dialog: Bill France announced he’d
dialog: received a communication from
dialog: Harry Hogge, announcing "my
dialog: decision to withdraw, ‘finally and
text: irrevocably’ from the Winston Cup
dialog: Series." So it’s proven a double
dialog: loss for racing, Bob.
text: The film parallels the narrative, culminating in Bretherton‘s
text: erash, funeral, and photo insert of Hogge, along with a
text: superimposed quote from Harry’s Dear Bill letter.
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 12 1990. 5.
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS
dialog: Yes indeed, Ned. But the race
text: goes on ~ pace car is on the
dialog: track,
scene_heading: EXT DAYTONA a ‘5
text: Forty cars, engines rumbling with controlled rage, patrol the
text: straightaway. They are immaculate, their colors shiny in
text: this last glorious moment before battle. Pit men are poised,
text: the crowds surge, the flag is up. Then:
speaker_heading: SPOTTER’S VOICE
dialog: (excited, through radio
dialog: static) .
dialog: ~ pace car’s off, pace car’s off -
text: The pace car has swung into pit lane. Then as it waves:
scene_heading: ANOTHER SPOTTER’S VOICE
dialog: ~ green flag! green flag!
dialog: GO!Go!Go!
text: His voice is lost as the car colors blur into sound and fury
dialog: and blinding speed. \
speaker_heading: FADE:
scene_heading: REAR ANGLE CAR MOVING EXT. HARRY HOGGE’S FARM 6
text: with City Chevrolet on the frame surrounding the North
text: Carolina license plates. It plods up a road ~ two red ruts
text: with weeds between them - toward a corrugated metal barn like
text: structure set in a cow pasture.
speaker_heading: TIM DALAND
text: gets out of his car. Next to the barn is a Chevy truck with
text: City Chevrolet on its license frame. Despite threatening
text: weather, Daland is perspiring in his suit and tie. it’s
text: eerily quiet. The only signs of life are cows grazing by the
text: crumpled and rusty frames of a couple of race cars, bones in
text: an elephant graveyard. The barn door is ajar. Tim looks in.
scene_heading: INT HARRY HOGGE’S GARAGE 7
text: immaculate as a laboratory. ‘Trophies and tools, and
text: memorabilia are on benches and shelves; calendars of fine
text: southern ladies adorn the walls. The hull of one racing car
text: sits alone on the otherwise barren garage floor.
text: Tim hears the sound of a piece of machinery kicking over in
text: the distance, then a louder THWACK.
scene_heading: EXT’ MEADOW HARRY HOGGE ON A TRACTOR 8s
text: is‘ puttering along, whirly-birding a fine mist of chemical *
text: fertilizer. Harry’s coon dog is barking like crazy but *
text: Harry doesn’t hear it over the havoc he’s wreaking.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 12 1990, 6.
text: ‘He finally notices the dog is upset. He turns and sees
text: Daland clearing the rise in a meadow and approaching, coat
text: slung over shoulder, tie loosened.
text: Harry looks, then continues on with his tractor. . _*
text: Daland arrives and allows himself to be ignored. He watches
text: Harry plow through the fence.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Looks like you're enjoying the
dialog: easy life, Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well I don’t mind spreading a *
dialog: little fertilizer around now *
dialog: and then- gettin’ the grass to *
dialog: grow. There’s worse things. *
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: How’s the truck runnin?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Runs good. \
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: I want you to build me a car.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You sell me a truck, I build *
dialog: you a car, is that the deal? *
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Sounds gocd to me. *
text: Harry turns off the tractor. There’s the sound of wind *
dialog: through trees. *
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now Tim, everybody knows some
dialog: downtown car dealer can’t afford a
dialog: race team.. no driver worth a damn
dialog: is gonna sign with you. They
dialog: wreck one car, you can’t afford to
dialog: build ‘em another, and they’re
dialog: outta the deal you know? No car's
dialog: gonna win without a driver, not
dialog: even mine.
text: Harry turns the tractor back on.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: If you built the car, I’a geta
dialog: damn driver.
dialog: Jan 12 1990
dialog: 
dialog: 7.
text: ‘There’s surprising force coming from Daland. Harry turns
text: the tractor off again. He looks at Daland, sees the man
text: is desperate.
dialog: This interests
text: Harry slumps a
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What kinda driver you gonna get
dialog: after the season’s started? “Some
dialog: ol’ boy that’s washed up and
dialog: wasn’t worth a shit to begin with.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: You could work with him. vou can
dialog: build a driver like you build a
dialog: car, Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Tim, take a look at that hound -
dialog: he’s the best coon dog I ever seen
dialog: or heard about, and I didn’t teach
dialog: him a damn thing.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Well I got somebody.
dialog: Harry, in spite of himself. \
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Take a look at him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Anybody I got to take a look at
dialog: ain’t somebody.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Then take a look at nokody.
dialog: little for the first time.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Tim..I give up racin’. You gotta
dialog: know that.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: You didn’t give up racing, Harry.
dialog: You quit to avoid an investigation
text: into Buddy’s crash at Daytona.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I didn’t avoid any goddam
dialog: investigation!
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (going right on)
dialog: ~ anyway I talked to NASCAR and
dialog: if you come back in there won't be
dialog: any investigaton.
dialog: pees tehbioniee |
dialog: *
dialog: 
dialog: es maha
dialog: Jan 12 1990 .
text: “Harry straightens back up. He’s suspicious.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How in the hell did you sell ’em
dialog: on that deal? .
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 12 1990. 8.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (right back)
dialog: I’m a hell of a salesman.
dialog: (then a smile)
dialog: - plus my wife's sister~in-law is
dialog: married to the Reverend Emery
dialog: Cantrell who happens to be the
dialog: Lieutenant Governor’s preacher.
text: Harry shakes his head. He’s stuck somewhere between
dialog: irritation and admiration.
speaker_heading: HARRY .
dialog: You’re a hell of a salesman.
text: With that Harry starts up the tractor and takes off
text: leaving Daland wondering how good a salesman he really is.
scene_heading: DONNA (DAY) EXT. CHARLOTTE MOTOR SPEEDWAY
text: A young woman sits in a deck chair. She looks as though she
text: might be sunning herself but for the clipboard, the stopwatch
text: and the offscreen roar on the Charlotte Motor Speedway.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE CHARLOTTE MOTOR SPEEDWAY (DAY) ‘
dialog: From the infield
text: Tim Daland, Harry Hogge, and Rowdy Burns’ pit crew along with
text: interested spectators follow the progress of a single car,
text: the familiar dark menace, Rowdy Burns’ Exxon Chevy. It cuts
text: a perfect line into the third turn.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: {to Daland)
dialog: Now that’s a race car driver.
text: WADDELL, Rowdy Burns’ pit crew chief, moves his head phones
text: and leans into Harry.
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: When do you want the track?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: When you’re done.
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: We’re about there. When’s your
dialog: driver due?
text: They move toward Donna to check the time as Rowdy makes the
text: tunnel turn and crosses the stripe:
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: Harry says your guy runs those
dialog: Indy type deals ~
dialog: 
scene_heading: 1) 88 dorda rus Bd8 UdLS VALS OF THUNDER +55 S[MPSUN/BRUCH
dialog: Dec 9 1989, 8A.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Sprints mainly, two World of Outlaw
dialog: Championships, three all star wins,
dialog: seven straight feature wins, and he's
dialog: been driving ARS -
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: (his eyes glaze)
dialog: Uh huh.
dialog: (quietly to Harry)
dialog: Got yourself a real statistician. He
dialog: know anything about drivers?
speaker_heading: HARRY '
dialog: We'll see.
text: WADDELL bends over Donna to get the time.
dialog: 
dialog: + ee ae + bk Oe
speaker_heading: mF
speaker_heading: —
dialog: 
scene_heading: -= bag88 16750 S704 548 UAL’
speaker_heading: eR ae
scene_heading: DAYS UF JHUNDER += SLMPSUN/ BRU
dialog: *
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: The watch reads 31.70
speaker_heading: ON THE TRACK
text: Rowdy Burns’ pit crew chief is excited as are the spectators.
text: He’s on-the radio eagerly telling Rowdy to come on in.
text: Daland and others glance down at the clipboard te catch the’
text: numbers. Donna holds it up for them to see. She’s converted
dialog: the 31:70 to 171.937 mph. Daland like everyone else is
dialog: impressed.
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: (relieved and gracious)
dialog: So Harry. Where’d you say your
dialog: dyiver’s fron? ..
text: Barry looks to Daland.
speaker_heading: DALAND “S
dialog: Oh - Eagle Rock.
text: Waddell thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: that’s up around Wilkesboro, idn’t
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: No. Round Glendale - California.
text: Rowdy Burns’ crew pause and look to their boss, Waddell.
text: Waddell looks to Harry. Harry looks to Daland.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: He’s a Yankee.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: - uhh - not exactly. If you’re
dialog: from California you're not a
dialog: Yankee..you’re not really
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You Said it -
text: Rowdy has purred up pit lane and arrived. He crawls out to
text: congratulations and it’s clear he’s pleased.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 10.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: {to Waddell)
dialog: - shocks are right, we’re dialed
dialog: in buddy, don’t change a thing -
text: He spots Harry and gives him a poke.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - hey you ain’t buried in
dialog: horsemanure after all, you’re
dialog: lookin’ pretty good -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - you’re the one’s lookin’ good -
text: Rowdy leans up against his car with a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - it hasn’t been easy, Harry, I’1l
dialog: guaran-damn-tee-ya. But -
text: (he winks and taps the car)
dialog: - this bitch is ready to run.
text: As he says this he happens to catch Daland’s eye. who is
text: eagerly listening and feels somehow a response is called for.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: I can’t tell you how much we all
dialog: appreciate you letting us use the
dialog: car, Mr. Burns.
text: The remark is ill timed. Rowdy freezes. His face loses all
text: expression and his eyes shine like a snake’s.
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Now I told you about this Rowdy.
dialog: Harry’s got some new driver and
dialog: needs a car just to turn a coupla
dialog: laps. I told you it was Harry
dialog: Hogge who asked us - personally as
dialog: a favor.
text: Rowdy turns, very slowly, to Harry.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Who is this driver?
dialog: (to crew)
dialog: Turn her off.
text: The engine’s turned off. But the sound continues unabated -
text: as though it has been disconnected from the car and magically
text: tossed over to the track entrance - two dark tunnels, one for
text: entering, one for exiting. Everyone - Harry, Rowdy Burns and
text: his crew, Daland, paramedics, firemen, a couple of other
text: drivers working on their cars - turn to look.
dialog: 
scene_heading: $99 0: Sru4 548 42d DAYS Ub THUNDER 75> Siarowny phenom wives
dialog: 19" Bee Wipdoy, Urns o48 (2 "@
dialog: THE TUNNELS a
text: like the twin barrels of a gigantic shotgun. The growing
text: ¥Yoar sounds not unlike echoing gunfire.
text: Materializing out of the right tunnel on a gleaming
dialog: piss-elegant Harley-Davidson, hair Calvin Klein
text: model-coiffed, wearing designer shades, Armani slacks and
text: shirt, and with one of these fashionable formless Japanese
text: designer overcoats flapping like a silk flag in the breeze
text: behind him, is COLE TRICKLE. He cides straight down the
text: track toward camera and an astonished crew.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Oh, Lord.
text: Dalang looks like he wants to disappear into the 100 degree
text: asphalt surface of the track. .
scene_heading: WITH HARRY, COLE AND DALAND , . —- GARAGE AREA il
text: as a growing crescent of interested onlookers surround then.
speaker_heading: HARRY
speaker_heading: (politely) 4S
dialog: Tin tells me you been running open
dialog: wheels.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now you just wanna up and drive
dialog: NASCAR.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: That’s right.
text: Harry nods, trying to ignore the way Cole is dressed, Rowdy’s
text: glare, and what is starting to look like a circus and a
text: potentially spectacular display of incompetence.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What do you know about stock car *
dialog: racing? *
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Well, I've watched it on television *
dialog: of course. *
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You've watched it on television, *
text: He looks murderously to Tim. ™
dialog: 
dialog: Dec 2 1989.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Dec ‘fo 1983. ESPN. The coverage is excellent, *
dialog: some of the best sports coverage *
dialog: in the country as a matter of fact. *
dialog: You'd be surprisad at how much you *
dialog: can pick up - *
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (cutting him off) *
dialog: I'm sure I would. iocok, this may *
dialog: not be the best time for you to *
dialog: run this car. *
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: When do I get to drive? Is there *
dialog: i
dialog: some problem?
text: Dead silence. Everyone leeks to Rowdy Burns.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Nossir. Y‘all go right 2head.
dialog: But if you bend this bitch the
dialog: least Little bit I’m gonna tear
dialog: your balls off.
text: Rowdy goes over, sits on Cole’s bike and waits,
text: cole takes off his Japanese overcoat and turns to “Sonna, the
dialog: timer.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Miss would you mind very much if I
dialog: hang this off your chair?
text: Harry and Daland watch Cole unzip his bag and take out his *
dialog: driving gloves. *
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (quietly, to Tim) *
dialog: Didn't he hear what that man said? *
speaker_heading: DALAND *
dialog: —Uhbhh- *
dialog: 
dialog: Dec 14 1989 12A.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ( Don’t you think we oughta talk?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (neatly pulling his gear out)
dialog: -about how I’m gonna run, sure.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: About how you’ve managed to live :
dialog: as long as you have. f ain’t
dialog: gonna let you race this car.
text: Cole stops what he’s doing. He takes a careful look at
text: Harry, then just as neatly begins to put his racing gear back
text: in the bag.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Whats going on?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: {putting away his gear)
dialog: He’s had second thoughts.
speaker_heading: DALAND ‘\
dialog: (furious)
dialog: , You said you’d look at him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I’ve looked at him.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: I’ve paid twenty-five hundred
dialog: dollars to use this track today,
dialog: Harry.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (cooly)
dialog: Forget it. He needs a brand name
speaker_heading: like EXXON or Richard Petty.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (stung)
dialog: , I know a damn race driver when I
dialog: see one.
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: {calling out)
dialog: - What’s going on, Harry? Is this
dialog: happening or what?
dialog: Harry’s on the spot. *
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: , Do us all a favor Harry. Let him *
dialog: | drive. #
text: Cole turns to Harry. Suddenly: *
dialog: 
dialog: Dec 14 1989
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: 
dialog: 12B.
dialog: Let me do it. I won’t make a
dialog: fool out of you.
text: Cole’s intensity actually shocks Harry.
dialog: then:
text: He takes a moment
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 1§/89 16:54 T4548 0413 “DAYS UF THUNDER +++ SIMPSUN BRUCHELM ous
dialog: Dec 12 1989 . 4a.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to Cole)
dialog: - that tumel turns real tricky —
dialog: whether it’s hot or cold it gets
dialog: slick as a button and you'll slip
dialog: and slide and slam yourself into
dialog: tha wall before you know it. So
dialog: just take her easy. When I think
dialog: you're ready to drop the hammer,
dialog: I’11l Let you know. Any questions?
dialog: i
text: ‘Cole shakes his head. Then:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~ what’s this?
text: He points to the dash. Painted on it are four words:
speaker_heading: ‘ROOF - PUSH
speaker_heading: DOOR - LOOSE’
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It’s for racing - when you pit,
dialog: you point to the roof if the front
dialog: end’s tight and you can‘t control.
dialog: it, or to the door if the rear’s
dialog: loose and you can’t control it -
dialog: doesn’t mean anything to you.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You’re right. I don’t care which
text: end of a car goes around a corner
dialog: first -
scene_heading: COLE IN.THE EXXON CAR , + =~ TRACK “120
text: moves onto the track and heads toward the Winston sign at the
dialog: first turn.
text: Harry with Daland watches anxiously. The car makes its way
text: through the one-two turn. It purrs at what appears to be a
text: leisurely pace down the backstretch. It continues on into
text: the third turn.
text: Harry and Daland begin to relax a little. - GARAGE AREA 13
scene_heading: AT THE TUNNEL TURN - TRACK 14
text: heat shimmers off the high-banked thermal-ridged asphalt.
text: Because we are close the car whips through the turn with much
text: more speed and force than had appeared from the infield.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 14.
scene_heading: HARRY AND DALAND ~ GARAGE AREA 15
text: still holding their breath watching the Exxon Chevy moving
text: off the dangerous turn toward the finish line. At this
text: distance it seems like a leisurely pace once more.
scene_heading: WITH COLE - INT. CAR 16
text: who yawns. He pushes the radio button.
scene_heading: WITH HARRY ON THE HEADSET ~ GARAGE AREA 17
dialog: and:
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: I’m goin’ on the stripe.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (vehemently)
dialog: No you’re not.
speaker_heading: BAROOOM
speaker_heading: EXXON CHEVY “= TRACK 18
text: crosses the stripe- the noise explodes from the purring
text: engine like a thunderclap. Cole is off like a shot.
speaker_heading: - GARAGE AREA 19
text: The watching spectators come alive. Rowdy rises straight
text: off the motorcycle seat. All eyes are glued to Cole and the
dialog: car.
scene_heading: INT COCKPIT OVER COLE - INT. CAR 20
text: The Winston sign approaches at high speed. It seems the car
text: is going head-on into the wall. Cole makes the turn.
scene_heading: HARRY AND DALAND ~ GARAGE AREA 21
text: watch as Cole moves smoothly through the second turn and into
dialog: the backstretch. .
text: BACK ON THE INFIELD
text: Harry and Daland view Cole with growing relief. Waddell
dialog: leans over:
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: - not a bad line -
scene_heading: THE TUNNEL TURN - TRACK 22
text: again at track level. This time the car flies into frame,
text: spewing smoke, rubber and blinding speed. As Cole nears the
text: stripe Harry turns to Donna who is mesmerized. He grabs her
text: watch hand. The watch is not running.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 15.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Oh - I forgot.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Get him now.
text: Cole crosses the stripe. Donna punches the watch. The
text: little digits - down to the thousandths - fly.
scene_heading: WITH COLE ~ TRACK 23
text: Thée Winston sign rushes towards us at speeds that make
dialog: everything previous look fluid and leisurely - the speed
text: looks like a series of speed-of-light still photographs. The
text: sound seems like it will shred the cockpit.
scene_heading: FROM THE INFIELD POV - GARAGE AREA 24
text: Cole completes one-two and flies down the backstretch.
text: There’s a growing buzz of excitement from the spectators.
text: Harry is struck dumb.
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: ~ I don’t believe this -
text: Daland is starting to smile. Even Rowdy Burns’ crew is
text: getting a kick out of it. Rowdy is not amused.
scene_heading: AT THE TUNNEL TURN - TRACK 25
text: again. This time the car explodes into frame broadside,
text: sideways, all four tires burning and smoking rubber. EXXON
text: locks wildly out of control, as though it’s going to smash
text: into the wall.
scene_heading: HARRY AND DALAND ~ GARAGE AREA 26
text: wince. Donna rises out of her deck chair.
scene_heading: WITH COLE - INT. CAR . 27
text: The track hurtles into the cockpit. Engine revs are
text: deafening. The sight and sound and burnt rubber smell of
text: speed is ramming itself down Cole’s throat. Cole is
text: blissful. MUTE engine enough to hear his half-hum, half-moan
dialog: ef pleasure like a kid eating his favorite dessert.
scene_heading: DOWN THE TRACK - TRACK 28
text: Suddenly, the Exxon Chevy is through the turn, perfectly
text: controlled and speeding on a plumbline toward the camera and
text: the finish line.
speaker_heading: AT THE STRIPE
text: Cole zooms across it. There is a surge of spectators from
text: the infield to the track to get a better look at this driver.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 18°39 1UIBSGteud S48 U4Ld DAYS UF THUNDER +++ S1MPSUN/ BRI
dialog: 
dialog: bee 14 1989. . 16. Pry
scene_heading: HARRY : ~ GARAGE AREA 29
text: stares at the digital watch read-out that is at the end of
text: Donna’s limp hand. It reads ‘31.68’ - two hundredths of a
text: second faster than Rowdy’s. Waddell reads it and nearly
text: chokes on whatever he’s eating.
speaker_heading: WADDELL
text: It’s under Rowdy’s time.
text: Waddell glances uneasily at the figure frozen on his bike.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Might a been better if he cracked
dialog: up the car.
scene_heading: ON THE TRACK - GARAGE AREA 30
text: &xxon Chevy has stopped. Rowdy Burns’ crew are all over it.
text: BUCK who has come with Harry, helps Cole out the window.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: - that was fast - NN
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (taking off helmet)
dialog: - yeah?
text: DALAND comes up holding a stop watch. *
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Fast enough to take the pole in *
dialog: the last race here. *
dialog: (There should be someone that pulls him out of the scene.) *
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Hell I thought this was gonna be *
dialog: a joke. You never drove a stock
dialog: car before?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Sprints mainly. What’s your
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Buck Bretherton. What‘’s yours?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Cole Trickle. Damn nice to meet
dialog: you, Buck.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Damn nice to meet you too, Cole.
text: Harry and Daland have reached the car and Cole.
scene_heading: HARRY WITH COLE
scene_heading: 19°$9 16354 STO4 548 041d DAYS WF THUNDER -~+ SIMPSUN-/BRUCHEIM
dialog: Dec 14 1989
text: walking back towards Cole’s bike.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: = you were one lucky son of a
dialog: bitch in that tunnel turn. The
dialog: car was way out of shape -
dialog: 16A. F%)
dialog: 
dialog: yous
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: He’s said Cy, even ‘pleasantly. But it’s an-
text: unm. stakable hreat. Rowdy walks on - Cole turns to Harry.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: e “COLE :
dialog: Well, do we get to see?
dialog: 
dialog: eyes Cole suspiciously. . \
speaker_heading: BEEP eds
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: 80 how come you don’t want to
dialog: stick to open wheels?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: * COLE
dialog: Lost my ride.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: oo . After two championships and seven
dialog: PI mo straight wins - you got fired?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (very coldly) 9
dialog: I lost my ride. ay
dialog: (then)
dialog: ~ didn’t matter. Ida quit
dialog: ;, regardless.
speaker_heading: os HARRY
dialog: Why’s that?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: :Wasn’t going anywhere.
speaker_heading: " HARRY
dialog: Where do you want to go?
dialog: ndianapolis, but you ‘can’t win
dialog: tsIndy without a great car and
dialog: ai My. name’s not Andretti or Unser. *
dialog: On’the other hand stock cars
dialog: Mare stock cars. They’re pretty
dialog: eT! just saying stock cars
dialog: mare built to. run qual, isn’t that?
dialog: Axight? : ‘
dialog: So. I'don’t have to worry about»
text: getting beat by another ear
dialog: (acidly) soe
dialog: In other words all you have to
dialog: getting beat by
speaker_heading: HARR' : .
dialog: Well Cole here's just passin’ thru
dialog: ‘but as near as I can tell he’s :
dialog: agreed to hang around long enough
dialog: to take ‘the Winston Cup.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Sounds good to me.
dialog: 
text: mes ‘in’and turns on the light. He looks up at’ the
text: cythe*hovering over his head. and in a fuller’ view#iL
dialog: een*as* the “dr emplate,: the profile:
speaker_heading: SUIS cx va
dialog: cage and sus;
dialog: floor: beneath C.
text: Lashes through the window and hits. the roll cages
dialog: ofsetxoff the welding and poundin and’ grinding
dialog: @ precision’ cutting and buffing -an dtting!
text: gs‘as“Harry furiously works withat}leas
text: & ; DISSOLVE through as CAMERA moves‘ aroun
text: tthe ‘rollcage‘and it becomes progressively encased ‘in: its%
dialog: ilver;ski ythe coming slowly recogniza
text: s off a few millimeters. A mock engine is
dialog: vide clearance for the hood differeritials and
text: ear-boxes fill the air, the pictures of fine southern ladies:
dialog: n’the calendars change as the weeks go by and the work *}
text: "SDISSOLVE THROUGH. The car is being painted*
text: }day-glo green and yellow with City Chevrolet painted in the
text: ‘primary sponsor’s spot across the hood. This entire process
dialog: f£ the car’s creation should be impressionistic, like
dialog: :time-lapse photography - as though we're looking at organic
text: rowth, the birth of a living thing, the opening of a flower
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. . 18.
text: DISSOLVE THROUGH. Harry lies on the floor looking up through
text: the open hood to the engine being lowered toward him and the
text: CAMERA, until it fills the frame and it goes black.
scene_heading: THE PACE CAR’S LIGHT BAR - EXT. PHOENIX RACEWAY 32
text: is flashing wildly. Pull back to reveal it and the field
text: of forty cars rolling behind it scuffing tires as they go.
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS
dialog: (V.0. during the above)
text: - the pace car’s completing its
text: final warm-up lap before the start
dialog: of the Checker 500 here at the
dialog: Phoenix International Raceway.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0O.
dialog: Well Bob Jenkins it’s not a short
dialog: track lending itself to a
text: ‘frammin’ and bammin’’ type race
dialog: which favors the aggressive hard
dialog: chargers like Dale Earnhardt and
dialog: Rowdy Burns —-
text: During this, isolated camera shots of Earnhardt ana Burns’
text: cars with photo inserts of the men themselves.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0.
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: - however the surprise could be a
dialog: rookie, young Cole Trickle whose
dialog: earlier career was built on .
dialog: roadcourses and who has taken the
dialog: pole in his first Winston Cup
dialog: appearance -
text: CAMERA isolates Cole’s City Chevrolet car in first position
text: behind the pace car on the track, with insert shots of Cole
dialog: as well.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0O.
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ~ qualifying at 121.47 mph in the
dialog: new Tim Daland Harry Hogge City
dialog: Chevrolet, this is a driver and
dialog: team looking for a sponsor and
dialog: they’re certainly off to a fine
dialog: start.
text: Unlike the other cars Cole has no sponsor on the hood or
text: trunk or sponsor decals that cover the other cars like combat
text: ribbons. The shiny green and yellow car with it’s number 46
text: looks pristine, nude. There are shots of Harry and his crew
text: looking alert and very nervous in their spot on pit lane.
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE (MOVING) 33
text: by contrast looks relaxed. He’s out for a Sunday drive.
text: Spots a couple of great looking girls in the grandstand.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. : 19.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: - get some heat in that thing
dialog: before it goes green -
text: Cole continues to watch the girls.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - green flag! green flag!
text: There is a roar around Cole. He floors it a fraction late.
text: Earnhardt in the number two lane has shot in front of Cole
dialog: for the lead.
speaker_heading: . ~- TRACK 34
text: Furious, Cole tries to move to the outside but suddenly .
text: finds himself surrounded front back and side by cars going
text: 120 miles an hour just inches from his front, rear and right
text: door-handle as they race into the first turn.
scene_heading: DOWN THE STRAIGHTAWAY
text: Rowdy from behind gives Cole - clearly trying to adjust to
text: the heavy traffic at high speeds - a little nudge.
speaker_heading: INT COLE’S CAR 35
text: Cole is jarred and suprised.
speaker_heading: EXT TRACK 36
text: Cole ricochets off the cars on either side of him, banging
text: the side panel on his left and the rear fender on his right
text: as they go into the 2nd turn.
text: He hits them much more forcefully than Rowdy had nudged him -
text: sending one car fishtailing and smoking into the infield
text: grass, the other into the wall where it bends another fender,
text: not before it caroms off a couple of other cars, however,
text: causing them in turn to bump other cars.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: Oh my, Trickle seems a little
dialog: tentative out there -
text: Everyone recovers but it’s a mess, leaving drivers furious.
text: Cole’s shiny new car has a dented fender and creased door
dialog: panel.
scene_heading: EXT TRUCK TOP DALAND - PARKING AREA 37
text: moans and lowers binoculars.
scene_heading: ON PIT ROAD HARRY 38
text: spits into his cup.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989.
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE
dialog: shaken.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: 20.
dialog: 39
dialog: - the son of a bitch slammed into
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: WITH HARRY
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - he didn’t slam into you, he
speaker_heading: - PITS 40
dialog: didn’t bump you, he didn’t nudge
dialog: you, he rubbed you. And
dialog: rubbin’ son, is racin’.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT TRACK
text: Cole is lost in a crowd.
speaker_heading: ON THE TURN
text: His car can be seen - filthy, splattered with
text: full of dents it looks like the fans have bee
dialog: at hin.
scene_heading: THROUGH A GRIMY COCKPIT COLE’S POV
text: The car in front of him loses a tire, smoke a
text: rubber fill the air. Cole jerks the wheel.
speaker_heading: EaT TRACK
text: Cole bangs into a couple of other cars going
text: with the flat tire and he gets a flat.
speaker_heading: THE YELLOW FLAG
text: is waved. The pace car moves onto the track.
dialog: down.
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.O.
dialog: Well it’s certainly a busy day
dialog: the pace car, Ned. That’s the
dialog: fourteenth caution this aftern
dialog: What’s the record at Phoenix,
dialog: you recall?
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: I don’t know, Benny. But I
dialog: believe we’ll find out what it
text: by the end of the race.
speaker_heading: ON PIT ROW
text: the signs are out for the incoming drivers.
text: battered Chevrolet limps in on two flats.
dialog: 41
dialog: oil, and so
dialog: n throwing rocks
scene_heading: - INT. - CAR 42
dialog: nd burning
dialog: 43
dialog: around the car
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: The cars slow
dialog: for
dialog: oon.
dialog: do
dialog: is
dialog: 45
dialog: Cole Trickle’s
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nav 20 1989. 21.
text: His over-the-wall gang goes into action jacking up the car,
text: changing tires and gas.
text: Harry dives through the passenger window. He confronts Cole
text: who is drenched with sweat and dirt, his shoes smoking from
text: the heat coming up from the floorboard.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: All right, while we’re still under
dialog: a caution I want you to go back
text: out on that track and hit the pace
text: car. Hit the pace car.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You’ve hit every other goddam
dialog: thing out there, I want you to be
dialog: perfect!
text: The jackman drops the car. The tires hit the road. Cole is
text: dumbstruck.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Go on, go, go, go!
text: He jumps back out, grumbling and cussing and doesn’t even
text: bother to see Cole shoved back into the fray.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT | - EXT. TALLADEGA SPEEDWAY 46
text: high above the race track, with endless miles of. traffic as
text: fans make their way to a beautiful speedway.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0.
dialog: Welcome racing fans to Talladega,
dialog: the home of the famed Alabama
dialog: International Motor Speedway for
dialog: the start of the Winston 500 -
scene_heading: IN MID RACE - INT. CAR 47
text: Cole with his car in fairly good condition, tries to take
text: Rowdy on the outside.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: - you’re goin’ too high, stay in
dialog: the groove -
speaker_heading: ~ TRACK 48
text: On the turn Rowdy nudges Cole. Cole promptly careens up
text: into the wall hitting it front and back. He spins to a stop
text: with four flat tires. Harry turns and kicks a gas can
text: across the pit.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 22.
scene_heading: AT THE FINISH LINE (ANOTHER RACE) - EXT. CHARLOTTE RACEWAY 49
text: the checkered flag is dropped.
scene_heading: BOB JENKINS V.0.
dialog: - and Rowdy Burns has just won the
dialog: Coca Cola here at the Charlotte
dialog: Motor Speedway -
speaker_heading: IN PIT LANE 50
text: It’s after the race. The crew goes over Cole’s - once
text: again - completely battered car. Cole, pretty beat up
text: himself, watches one of the crew members spot a side panel
dialog: that isn’t damaged.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: How about that? We got a side we
dialog: don’t have to work out.
text: Harry promptly kicks in the side panel.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I don’t want you spoiled, Benny.
text: Harry spits at Cole’s feet and walks off. Cole is furious.
scene_heading: FROM PIT TO PIT - EXT. MICHIGAN TRACK 51
text: Harry and his over-the-wall gang watch one calamity after
text: another. Daland is there on occasion to share their mounting
dialog: misery:
text: 1. At Michigan the field of forty sits becalmed under
text: a red flag. Cole looks thoroughly disgusted, but
text: he’s near the front of the pack.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: Now you’re settin’ pretty good -
dialog: but on the restart I want you go
dialog: get some heat in that engine
dialog: before they throw the green, you
dialog: copy?
text: On the restart other drivers are gunning
text: their engines behind the pace car. Cole does not.
text: The green flag drops. Cole guns it, surges
text: to the front - and blows his engine right
text: through the hood.
scene_heading: - EXT. DOVER 52
text: 2. At Dover Cole hits the wall - of his own pit.
text: His over-the-wall gang scatter and dive for
text: safety. Harry looks up from behind the wall
dialog: - fuming.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 23.
scene_heading: EXT RACE TRACK DAY - EXT. TRACK A - INT. CAR
text: Cole is running in the middle of the pack. He notices the
text: gauges on the dash fluctuating. He pushes the button.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~ I’m running hot. I gotta pit.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - I don’t think so. We’re busy
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You’re what?
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: We're eatin’ ice cream -
text: Cole glances out his window and glimpses his crew.
scene_heading: EXT PIT ROAD DAY
text: Sure enough they‘re eating ice cream cones. Harry and the
text: crew sit in the deck chairs and munch away. Harry waves to
text: Cole as he goes past.
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE
text: can’t believe what he’s seen. He nearly hits another driver
text: who swerves and gives him the finger.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - now you’re welcome to come on in
dialog: and get one yourself, but I don’t
dialog: believe Nascar would think much of
dialog: you trying to eat an ice cream
dialog: cone out there. You have enough
text: trouble ridin’ around the track as
dialog: it is -
scene_heading: EXT PIT ROAD COLE
text: zooms on into the lane and scrambles out of the car. He
text: leaps the wall and goes after Harry, getting tangled up with
text: deck chairs, smeared with ice cream, and being restrained by
dialog: crew.
speaker_heading: INT CITY CHEVROLET (DAY)
text: Daland, exceptionally well dressed in a dark suit, presides
text: over his racing team’s meeting which includes the entire pit
text: crew. It’s in a little coffee shop off the service area.
text: Tensions are high. Harry and Cole are on opposite sides of
text: the formica table, mustard and ketchup containers between
dialog: them.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: |
dialog: Jan 8 1990
dialog: 
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: We messed up big time on Sunday.
dialog: I had sponsors in the stands, I’m
dialog: huggin’ and holdin’ hands and
dialog: kissin’ ‘em in the ear and prayin’
dialog: for a good showing and what do we
dialog: do? We end up looking like a
dialog: monkey fucking a football out
dialog: there. Everybody out please!
dialog: except for you two.
text: The team leaves. Harry and Cole stay behind - silence.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: {almost casual)
dialog: I’ve got a question. What’s the
dialog: one thing you absolutely need to
dialog: do to win a race?
text: Harry starts to answer.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: You keep quiet!
text: Daland turns to Cole.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: You need to finish the race.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (to Daland)
dialog: It would help to have a car that
dialog: didn’t blow engines.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to Daland)
dialog: - if he wouldn’t get excited and
dialog: over rev the sumbitch the engine
dialog: wouldn’t blow!
dialog: (with elaborate sarcasm)
dialog: - now Cole when you shift the gear
dialog: and that little needle on the tac
text: goes into the red and reads 9000
dialog: rpm, that’s bad.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (to Daland)
dialog: It’s also my fault the tires
dialog: blow - if you ask this old fart.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hell yes it’s your fault. There’s
text: forty other vultures out there who
dialog: manage to finish the race on their
dialog: tires. You don’t see Darryll
text: Waltrip usin’ up his tires -
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: Ob ee
speaker_heading: OO
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 8 1990 25.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (flaring)
dialog: There‘s nothin’ I can’t do with a
dialog: race car!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well that’s the difference
dialog: between you and me. There’s only
dialog: so much I can do.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Harry he doedn't have to
dialog: appreciate your job to do his.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: He sure as hell does! how can he
dialog: expect to race if he don’t know
dialog: what a race car can and can’t do?
speaker_heading: COLE *
dialog: What is this shit? you want me to
dialog: work the pit and you drive? fine
dialog: we'll try that -
text: Cole storms out into the used car lot. Harry is a little too
dialog: worried to be altogether surly.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: So he’s been trying too hard.
dialog: What would you prefer Harry?
dialog: That he not try hard enough?
text: Harry glances uneasily over at Daland.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I can’t talk to the sumbitch.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Think he can drive?
text: Harry turns and paces angrily.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh he can drive. He can drive
text: beyond the limits of the tires,
dialog: the engine, the car or anything
dialog: else -
dialog: (he supresses a belch)
dialog: - if the sumbitch’d listen to me,
dialog: we wouldn’t hardly ever lose a
dialog: race.
text: Daland sighs, looks out the window to see his wife and
text: children waiting for him.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: I gotta get goin’. Lauren’s about
dialog: to take my head off.
text: He doesn’t move. He looks miserable.
dialog: 
dialog: *
dialog: Jan 8 1990
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 25A.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You know Tim, you sacrifice
dialog: everything for racing. You can
text: bite around the edges of it of
dialog: course, but if you’re really gonna
dialog: be involved you gotta be ready
dialog: to give up everything and
dialog: maybey you’re not ready to do
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: I’m not involved, Harry, I’m
dialog: committed.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How’s that?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 8 1990
speaker_heading: EXT CAR LOT
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: It’s like the good old boy says.
dialog: If you sit down to breakfast
dialog: tomorrow to bacon and eggs the
dialog: chicken is involved, the pig is
dialog: committed. If we don’t get us
dialog: a sponsor in the next coupla 1
dialog: races my ass is fried, I’m liable
dialog: to be out of the car business
dialog: altogether - and Harry. I know
dialog: you/re great, you know your great
dialog: but if the guy in the car doedn’t
dialog: trust you we’ll never wina
dialog: single race.
speaker_heading: (DAY)
text: Cole watches one of Tim’s salesmen selling a truck. He’s got.
text: the hood up and is pointing out engine features to a serious
text: buyer. Harry into SHOT.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We gotta talk.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: All right Harry, talk ~
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: On the radio, during the race.
dialog: You wanna run right on the ragged
dialog: edge all the damn time, you gotta
dialog: tell me what’s goin’ on with the
dialog: car -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You just want to change the way I
dialog: drive it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Maybe you could set the car up
dialog: so I don’t have to change.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I’d be happy to -
dialog: (almost shouting)
dialog: ~ you just tell me how.
dialog: This gets to Cole.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What do you want to know?
dialog: 
dialog: 58
dialog: oe
dialog: eee He
dialog: Nov 20 1989.
dialog: 
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hell, Cole, you’re the driver. If
dialog: you think she’s runnin’ loose or
dialog: soft, tell us, we give a turn
dialog: here, take some wedge out there,
dialog: we’ll win some races. That’s all
dialog: there is to it.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I can’t do that.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Why the hell not?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (turns to him)
dialog: Because I don’t know what the fuck
dialog: you’re talking about.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: How do you mean that?
text: Cole looks around. Harry looks around.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (lowering his voice)
dialog: - I don’t know much about cars,
dialog: okay?..
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (brightiy)
dialog: Hey Cole, that don’t make you a
dialog: damn bit different from any driver
dialog: I ever met.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: - I mean I really don’t know. I
dialog: don’t know what you just said
dialog: about turn here and wedge there.
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (a moment, then:)
dialog: How’d that happen?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What the fuck’s the difference,
dialog: they just told me to get in the
dialog: car and drive it and I could
dialog: drive!.. the point is I’d like
dialog: to help but I can’t. I’m an
dialog: idiot. I don’t have the
dialog: vocabulary.
text: Harry thinks this over.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 28.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Then we’ll just have to figure one
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT LOCAL TRACK (DAY) : - GARAGE AREA
text: Cole in the car, crew members nearby. Harry leans in the
text: window. His manner is confidential.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - when you go to the doctor and
dialog: tell him you have a headache
dialog: what’s he liable to say?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I don’t know. I guess it depends
dialog: on the doctor.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: I don’t care who he is, he’s gonna
dialog: ask ‘where does it hurt?’ And
dialog: you’re probably gonna go, ‘it ™
dialog: hurts all over,’ and he’s gonna
dialog: go, ‘does it hurt over your right
dialog: eye?’ and you’re gonna go, ‘yeah,
dialog: it hurts over my right eye’ and -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (embarrassed and annoyed)
dialog: - all right, Harry I get it!
dialog: you’re the doctor.
speaker_heading: ON THE TRACK
text: Cole speeds down a straightaway.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: (on the radio)
dialog: Well? How’s she feel?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I don’t know...like she’s looking
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - lookin’ around where?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - everywhere.
speaker_heading: - TRACK
text: Racing toward camera the car indeed is wandering a little
dialog: from side to side.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 29.
scene_heading: WITH HARRY AND PIT CREW - GARAGE AREA 62
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Sort of like she’s huntin’ for
dialog: somethin’.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: = yeah, huntin’.
text: Harry smiles. He turns to the mechanic who holds a huge
dialog: print out check list.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - castors gotta be laid back -
text: The mechanic checks it off.
scene_heading: COLE INTO TURN - INT. CAR 63
text: the car nearly sideways, and out of control.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Whoa!..her ass is all over the
dialog: place - she’s, she’s bending in
dialog: the middle -
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - loose -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Big time loose -
dialog: But clearly Cole enjoys this more.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You like loose better.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Yeah, how do you know?
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - you like to be fast and on the
dialog: edge of outta control, that’s
dialog: loose -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - but not big time loose -
scene_heading: WITH HARRY : ~- GARAGE AREA 64
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to mechanic)
dialog: - spring and shocks are soft -
scene_heading: FRONT OF CAR - TRACK 65
text: racing toward camera not wavering - on a plumbline.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 30.
scene_heading: - INT. CAR 66
speaker_heading: HARRY V.0.
dialog: - she huntin’?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Hell no. She’s right on it.
dialog: She‘s trackin’.
scene_heading: INTO THE TURN 67
dialog: still pretty hairy.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Pushy or loose?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: ~ loose -
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: But not big time loose.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Ten four.
text: He whips into another turn in a perfect groove. He zooms
text: across the stripe. Harry is tickled.
scene_heading: BY THE CAR HARRY AND COLE - GARAGE AREA 68
text: walk side by side on the track. Cole sips a gatorade.
text: Harry’s coon dog meanwhile has leapt out of the crew van and
text: caught up to the two of them. It tries to get Harry to play.
text: Harry finds a pebble and heaves it. The dog goes tearing
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - see before you come here you was
dialog: runnin’ road courses where there’s
dialog: this gentlemen’s agreement nobody
dialog: gets too close to each other, cos
dialog: when open wheel tires so much as
dialog: touch, shit you go straight up in
dialog: the air and fly to New York. That
dialog: kind of racin’s between the driver
dialog: and the road - in stock cars
dialog: it’s between the drivers -
dialog: (he has to heave the rock for
dialog: the dog again)
dialog: In other words contact with other
text: drivers beats the car up enough.
dialog: You don’t want to punish her
dialog: yourself.
text: This time Cole throws the rock for the coon dog. He finally
text: seems relaxed.
dialog: Nov 20.1989. 31.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now Cole, there’s something else -
dialog: tires is what wins a race.
text: Cole regards Harry suspiciously.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - if we can’t figure a way to run
dialog: so you don’t melt the damn tires,
dialog: we can’t finish a race.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: So what do you want?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Run fifty laps any way you like
dialog: then - fifty laps like I want
dialog: you to - give me an honest run.
dialog: If you do I’m gonna beat you.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Don’t change me.
speaker_heading: HARRY .
dialog: Think your driving can’t improve?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I didn’t say that. Look I’11 take
dialog: your word for what a car can do
dialog: but I don’t want to take
dialog: anybody's word for what I can do
dialog: because nobody knows. Nobody
dialog: knows, godammit!..that’s what
dialog: racing’s for, to find that out,
dialog: all right, all right, godammit
dialog: Harry, I’11 try it!
text: He turns abruptly and heads back to the car. Harry watches
text: him a moment, then follows.
scene_heading: EXT TRACK (DAY) ~ GARAGE AREA 69
text: The car zooms across the stripe as a timer hits the
dialog: stopwatch.
speaker_heading: THE TIRES
text: blistered and smoking are pulled off by crew members wearing
text: heavy gloves. One of the tires rolls over a lucite
text: clipboard. The lucite sizzles and melts.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: All right this time you’re gonna
dialog: come down on the throttle easy,
dialog: you‘re gonna drag up easy, and
dialog: you’re gonna settle in the brakes,
dialog: and - and -
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 32.
text: Cole is nodding like a browbeaten kid. Meanwhile crew
text: members have finally replaced the tires and the car hits the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (as it takes off)
dialog: ~ I don’t want the ass hangin’ out
dialog: from that car!
scene_heading: EXT CHARLOTTE CHEVROLET (DAY) 70
text: Harry’s van pulls into the service area. He says something
text: to Junior. In a moment Daland comes hurrying out.
speaker_heading: A TIRE
text: rells to Daland. It is blistered and shredded.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - his way ~ my way..
text: Another tire rolls to Daland. It is worn but in remarkable
text: shape by contrast. Tim looks down at the dramatic
text: difference. Harry into SHOT. He holds a stopwatch.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I was 6 seconds faster..buy me
dialog: some lunch at that highway joint,
dialog: Tim.
scene_heading: INT. HARRY’S VAN HARRY AND DALAND (MOVING) 71
text: Daland glances at the rear of the van. Cole and Harry’: coon
text: dog are completely crapped out in the back seats.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: = you ran, you showed him the
dialog: watch and he just went right to
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yawned and went to sleep, yessir.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: He wadn’t suprised?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Didn’t appear to be.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: He didn’t get mad your way was
dialog: faster?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Nossir. Wasn‘’t even curious.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 33.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Well, Harry, what in the world
dialog: makes that damn Yankee tick? have
dialog: you any idea?
text: Harry glances into the rear view mirror.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Tim, I want you to turn around and
dialog: look to your right.
text: Somewhat surprised, Daland does. Harry’s coon dog has his
text: head out the right rear window, eyes closed, flews flapping,
text: nose in the air and twitching with all the wonderful smells
dialog: at seventy miles an hour.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now look to your left.
dialog: Daland does.
speaker_heading: COLE
text: has his head hanging out the left rear window, eyes closed,
text: hair flying, nose in the air and blissful in the headlong
text: rush of wind. Daland looks to Harry. Harry smiles.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Talent ain’t real complicated.
scene_heading: EXT TRACK (DAY) - EXT. POCONO RACEWAY 72
text: Dr. Jerry Punch stands quietly on the deserted front stretch
dialog: of Pocono, addressing camera:
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: - you might think I’m on the
text: landing strip of a major
dialog: metropolitan airport, but what
dialog: you’re looking at is the longest
dialog: straightaway in NASCAR history,
dialog: three thousand seven hundred and
dialog: forty feet, where drivers exceed
dialog: speeds of 180 miles an hour here
dialog: at Pocono International Speedway,
dialog: a unique two and a half mile
dialog: tri-oval
dialog: (diagram superimposed on
dialog: screen)
dialog: many drivers consider one of the
dialog: very toughest -
speaker_heading: DALE EARNHARDT
dialog: (insert)
dialog: Turn one and the tunnel turn is
dialog: where I’ve had my two worst
dialog: accidents in my career -
text: A fiery crash into boilerplate fencing.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. . 34.
speaker_heading: ROWDY BURNS
dialog: (insert)
dialog: - broke collar bones and bruised
dialog: my heart and everything else, it’s
dialog: been a rough race track for me -
text: Another car and another fiery crash.
scene_heading: TELEVISION SET IN CITY CHEVROLET SEMI 73
text: is carrying the coverage above. Cole, dressed in his racing
text: suit, passes it. Harry, Daland and other crew surround the
text: race car in pit lane below. No one is talking much.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We're trying to figure out what to
dialog: do. :
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: - (exasperated)
dialog: - Rowdy took the pole in 59:70, we
dialog: run 62:10. We’re two seconds off
dialog: the pace! we’re looking for some
dialog: speed outta this thing -
text: He points contemptuously at the car, glaring at Harry.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (his fear coming through)
dialog: - we're in trouble..
text: Cole pops the top on his Pepsi, sips at the froth.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - car’s perfect, Harry.
text: He gives Harry an appreciative pat on the back, starts off
dialog: and stops abruptly:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - geez I’m hungry. Think I got
dialog: time for a hot dog?
text: Everyone is too astonished to respond. Finally:
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (a crew member)
dialog: I’1l get you one, Cole.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Thanks. And Buck, just mustard,
dialog: okay? get ’em to hold the onions.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 35.
scene_heading: FULL ‘SHOT RACE - TRACK 74
text: Jarrett and Parsons keep up their running commentary which is
dialog: intermittent and V.0. :
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: ~ we're just underway here at the
dialog: AC Spark Plug 500 - into turn one
dialog: again it is Rowdy Burns in the.
dialog: Waddell Chilton/Exxon Chevrolet
dialog: lumina -
text: Jarrett names the 1st 10 cars. Cole is net one of them.
dialog: Parsons speaks of turn one as one of the most terrifying
text: corners in racing. Speeding at 180 miles an hour the cars
dialog: four and five abreast have to enter the turn single file ~ we
dialog: see this as Parsons tells us about it - there is room for one
text: car at a time around the turn. Cole is the thirty-third car
text: through the turn and can be seen subsequently on the
text: straightaway passing other cars. He moves up rapidly.
speaker_heading: HARRY - PITS 75
dialog: in the pits and on the radio:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Watch the damn tires. We got a
dialog: whole race to run, you know.
scene_heading: WITH COLE ~- TRACK 76
text: He ducks into turn two barely getting in front of the fourth
text: car he passes. As he does his left tire hits the grass and
text: the car swerves kicking up dirt. Jarrett lets us know that
dialog: this is not unusual in turn two, drivers have to put their
text: left tire on the grass to get through it, it is so narrow and
text: treacherous. As Cole exits Parsons points out that the cars
dialog: have to hit this narrow ten foot patch or they’re liable to
text: hit the wall.
scene_heading: TOWARD TURN THREE
text: Cole glimpsed moving out and around two more cars.
dialog: Superimpose: Turn 3 banking: 6 degrees radius: 800 feet.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: - the third turn is critical in
dialog: that if you don’t get off it good
dialog: you aren’t going down to the front
dialog: straightaway very fast which is
dialog: where you take the checkered
dialog: flag -
dialog: Ned and Benny agree that if you’ve got the lead on this track
dialog: near the end of a race you’re gonna have to be beaten in the
dialog: straightaways - you can’t pass on the turns without ending up
text: in the wall or on the infield.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 36.
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE (MOVING) 77
text: roaring along smocthly in a pack of cars only inches from
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: SPOTTER
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: ~ crash in turn one! crash in
dialog: turn one! it’s gonna be comin’ up
text: in the bottom of the track Cole!
scene_heading: : . ~- TRACK 78
text: Suddenly Cole rips into a thick cloud of smoke and sparks
text: and cars twisting in front of his face. He jerks the wheel
text: to the right, avoids the fiery pile-up - slides perilously
text: close to the boilerplate wall through the turn.
scene_heading: INT. COLE 79
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: - nice driving, good job -
text: But a loose wheel on fire has rolled from the infield grass
text: back onto the track - just where Cole comes off the turn.
text: The flames fan his fender.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - you okay? you okay?
speaker_heading: COLE
text: - just dodged another bullet.
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE FIRST TURN - TRACK/PITS 80
text: Three cars are out. Paramedics have rushed in. Jarrett and
dialog: Parsons remind us of the track’s dangers. Jerry Punch on pit
text: road has a quick word with one of the drivers - hard luck
text: Aldo Benedetti, the gifted engineer who’s built his own car
text: which is now in shards around hin.
text: THE YELLOW FLAG IS FLYING - PITS 81
text: Rowdy Burns swings onto pit road.
scene_heading: INT. COLE 82
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - leader has just taken the flag!
speaker_heading: WITH COLE
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Can I stay out?
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: ~- better play monkey-see-
dialog: monkey do.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. . 37.
speaker_heading: - PITS 83
text: Cole comes flying into pit road. The over-the-wall-gang
text: leap into action. It’s a classic pit stop - ballsy ballet,
text: a controlled frenzy of flying bodies, gas hoses, jackhammers
text: and tires ~ the car hits the road in less than 13 seconds.
text: The time runs superimposed on the screen.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Go! go! go!
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE ~ TRACK B84
text: Cole pulls back onto the track still under yellow. Jarrett
text: comments on the remarkable pit stop of Trickle’s City
dialog: Chevrolet crew under Harry Hogge - it’s allowed the young
text: rookie to get back on the track in under 13 seconds and pick
text: up several more positions on the field.
speaker_heading: THE GREEN FLAG
text: at the stripe and cars roar across. Jarrett lets us know
dialog: that Cole Trickle is now 15th having moved up twenty
text: positions from 36th after ninety-six laps, nearly the
dialog: half-way mark of the race. ~
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.O. :
dialog: ~ the rookie seems to be running a
dialog: lot smoother today, Ned -
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: yes indeed, although he didn’t
dialog: qualify that good at the moment
dialog: Cole Trickle appears to have one
dialog: of the strongest cars on the
dialog: track.
speaker_heading: ~ PITS 85
text: At the pit with Harry stop watches are punched. The
text: computer is read. Cole crosses the stripe.
scene_heading: WITH COLE (MOVING) - INT. COLE 86
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: 61:12, leader is 61:32, keep it
dialog: consistent.
scene_heading: THROUGH BINOCULARS - DALAND’S TRUCK 87
text: Daland watches from the top of the truck. He sees Cole pick
text: up another spot. Listens on his own phones:
speaker_heading: HARRY‘’S VOICE
dialog: 60:70, the leader’s 61:10, you’re
dialog: picking up over half a second a
dialog: lap now, back off or you’re
dialog: gonna burn up the damn tires, take
dialog: it easy -
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 38.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: - I am taking it easy -
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: - moving into the number five spot
text: behind Harry Gant is Cole Trickle
dialog: in the 46 car -
scene_heading: DOWN THE STRAIGHTAWAY - TRACK 88
text: Cole passes Gant and Waltrip. He’s now in third position.
speaker_heading: HARRY ’S VOICE
dialog: 61:10 - leader’s 61:40
dialog: Harry and the crew can’t believe it -
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT’S VOICE
dialog: - and there goes Cole Trickle
dialog: around Earnhardt -
text: Cole ducks in front of Mr. Goodwrench just before the turn -
text: barely making it. He’s now in second position.
scene_heading: ROWDY BURNS . -" INT. ROWDY 89
text: spots green and yellow in his mirror. He smiles. Cole moves
text: to pass him on the outside. Rowdy cuts him off. Cole
text: appears to have the quicker car. He nudges Rowdy. Rowdy
text: can’t believe it. He’s shocked at the bump.
scene_heading: COLE - INT. COLE 90
text: breaks out of Rowdy’s draft and moves to the outside. Nose
text: to nose, they roar into the deadly first turn.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0O.
dialog: - somebody’s going to have to give
dialog: way here -
speaker_heading: - TRACK 91
text: Rowdy returns the bump - sends Cole skittering to the wall.
speaker_heading: BENNY PARSONS
dialog: - oh dear -
text: The car is sideways. It scrapes the wall.
text: AT THE PIT HARRY ~ PITS 92
text: is screaming inte the phones to back off. He can‘t be heard
text: over the roar.
scene_heading: COLE - INT. ROWDY 93
text: comes through the turn right on Rowdy’s ass. Rowdy is
text: surprised - and indignant when Cole nudges him again. He
text: momentarily looks back at Cole.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989, 39.
speaker_heading: WADDELL’S VOICE
dialog: Rowdy there’s a bunny rabbit on
dialog: the track!
speaker_heading: - TRACK o4
text: Rowdy looks - sure enough there’s a rabbit paralyzed with
text: terror on the straightaway dead ahead. Rowdy moves to the
text: right. Cole dives to the inside, both men barely missing
text: the rabbit - but now Cole has position on the inside going
text: through the turn. He holds it. Burns tries to stay with
text: him but can’t. His car goes sideways and he nearly loses
text: his rear end - when they come out of the turn:
speaker_heading: BENNY PARSON’S VOICE
dialog: - now there’s a good example of
dialog: what you were talking about Ned,
dialog: you just can’t pass on the outside
dialog: in turn three, the track is too
dialog: flat, the tires won't stick - not
dialog: even if you’re Rowdy Burns.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: - we have a new leader here at the
text: AC Spark Plug 500 after 176 laps,
dialog: Cole Trickle - if he can hold on
dialog: for 24 more laps, he just could
dialog: win his first Winston Cup race,
dialog: how about that?
text: Harry and the pit crew are going nuts. - PITS 95
scene_heading: DALAND - DALAND‘S TRUCK 96
text: climbs down from the truck and rushes to the pits.
scene_heading: BACK ON THE TRACK - TRACK 97
text: Rowdy has inched up alongside Cole. He bumps him.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: - well there they go tradin’ paint
dialog: again, Benny Parsons ~
speaker_heading: BENNY PARSONS
text: - it’s door handle to door handle
dialog: all right, but as we’ve pointed
dialog: out Ned this is not a real
dialog: forgivin’ race track - I don’t see
dialog: how much longer they can keep this
dialog: up without getting into trouble -
scene_heading: WITH HARRY - PITts 98
text: He sees the two cars glued together like Siamese twins going
text: into turn three - he’s ready to jump out of his skin.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 40.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (into radio) .
dialog: All right, godammit that’s enough!
dialog: Either pass him and stay ahead
dialog: or give to him - you can’t play:
dialog: with Rowdy like this - he’s gonna
dialog: give you a reali ass ripping -
text: Harry watches as the two cars zoom past.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: - relax Harry, Rowdy’s not gonna
dialog: last three more laps -
speaker_heading: - TRACK 99
text: The cars approach turn one. The track narrows to one
text: groove. Rowdy and Cole race to it - Cole gets there first
text: but Rowdy’s gone too far, he can’t duck in. He goes high,
text: spins and smacks the wall. Cole comes smoothly out of the
dialog: turn.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: - oops - one lap -
text: He plumblines down the straightaway as the caution flag comes
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: - the caution’s out with just
dialog: under five laps to go, Cole
dialog: Trickle maintains the lead, and
dialog: Benny Parsons I believe he’s gonna
dialog: win this race -
scene_heading: HARRY’S VOICE .
dialog: - pit road’s open, come on in and.
dialog: get some tires -
speaker_heading: - PITS/TRACK 100
text: Cole zooms into the pits. Other cars follow. The over-the-
text: wall-gang come up, jack up the car - and the lug nuts
text: stick. Then the air gun jams - and Cole is hoisted up in
text: the air screaming.
text: The pit crew scrambles around for another air gun. In the
text: other pits the drivers complete their stops and race back
text: onto the track.
text: Cole’s crew finally gets the tires changed. He charges back
text: onto the track. He finds himself behind Earnhardt and
dialog: Waltrip.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT’S VOICE
dialog: - well that’s a shame. What do
dialog: you think the problem was Benny?
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 41.
scene_heading: BENNY PARSON’S VOICE .
dialog: Well it appears the lug nuts stuck
dialog: - but when you come this far, you
dialog: hate to have it cost you the
dialog: race - particularly after you run
dialog: as good as Trickle has -
text: Harry is trying to reach Cole. - PITS 101
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Cole, Cole can you hear me? can
dialog: you hear me? say something.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: - motherfucking-son-of-a-bitch-
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now Cole -
scene_heading: WITH COLE - INT. COLE 102
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I come into the pits in first
dialog: place, I’m so far ahead huntin’
dialog: dogs couldn’t find me and I come
text: out third with two laps to go.
scene_heading: TIM DALAND WITH HARRY - PITS 103
text: listens and looks positively stricken
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now you ain’t beat. Not yet.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: Well I’d like to know what the
dialog: hell I can do about it.
dialog: Daland wants to know too.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well first of all you don’t want
dialog: to get excited, Cole. You’re in
dialog: third place. That’s a pretty
dialog: respectable position -
dialog: (Cole starts swearing again}
dialog: - okay what you do is this. When
dialog: they shut off over there for turn
dialog: three, you just keep your foot on
dialog: the gas and drive right by ’em -
dialog: uhh - on the outside.
scene_heading: WITH COLE - INT. COLE 104
text: still under the caution behind the pace car. He’s shocked.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Hell, I’m not that stupid.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989,
speaker_heading: WITH HARRY
text: Harry looks up
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You’1l be stupid if you don’t.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Harry - you told me I couldn’t
dialog: pass on turn three.
speaker_heading: - PITS 105
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Well I’m telling you different
dialog: now. That car will take it on the
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: {apoplectic)
dialog: You‘’re gonna get him killed!
text: - the pace car’s bar lights are blinking.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: {trying for calm)
dialog: Now Cole, the pace car’s about
dialog: xveady to duck on off, we don’t
dialog: have a whole lot of time to talk
dialog: about this -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Well tell me how -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - well it’s cos we got a real good
text: set of matched tires on her -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: - that’s why I wanted you to pit
dialog: in the first place, we been
dialog: savin’ ‘em for just such an
dialog: occasion, those tires are matched
dialog: perfect and staggered special,
dialog: your pit crew’s not dead in here,
dialog: we’re thinking of you.
text: Daland looks at Harry interested himself.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - all right Harry when it comes to
dialog: the car, I’1l take your word -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - pace car’s off the track, if you
dialog: go to the outside you can hold
dialog: it -
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 43.
scene_heading: THE GREEN FLAG AND THE WHITE FLAG - TRACK 106
text: are waved simultaneously - Earnhardt, Waltrip and Cole cross
text: the stripe and roar to full speed.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: - here we are under green in the
text: final lap of the AC Spark Plug 500
dialog: and going into the first turn it’s
dialog: Earnhardt, Waltrip and Trickle -
text: The cars go through the narrow turn nose to tail.
speaker_heading: BENNY PARSONS
dialog: - it pretty much looks like that’s
dialog: the order of finish here Ned with
dialog: one lap to go -
text: The cars head toward the tunnel turn nose-to-tail and move
text: down the straightaway going inte turn three with Earnhardt
text: leading, Waltrip trying to break the draft and move outside,
text: with Cole just behind Waltrip. They hit turn three. Waltrip
text: is slightly outside Earnhardt and Cole is outside Waltrip.
scene_heading: INT CAR EARNHARDT * 107
text: steps on the clutch and gears down.
speaker_heading: INT CAR WALTRIP 108
text: steps on the clutch and gears down.
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE 109
text: steps on the gas and prays.
scene_heading: THE THREE CARS - TRACK 110
text: tear into the turn. Cole on the outside has all four tires
text: smoking as he lays rubber and fishtails wildly into the loose
text: stuff. His car goes completely sideways. Through the roar
text: of the crowd Jarrett’s incredulous reaction to Cole’s move
text: can be heard.
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE 111
text: continues to slide and fishtail toward the wall. He keeps
text: his foot on the gas.
speaker_heading: HARRY - PITS 112
text: turns away.
scene_heading: OFF THE TURN - TRACK 113
text: Earnhardt and Waltrip break into frame on the bottom of the
text: track - but in FG a green and yellow blur fills the frame
text: obliterating everything else.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989, 44.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE STRIPE
text: The three cars streak toward it - with the green nose of
text: Cole’s car just inches ahead of the other two. Cole takes
text: the checkered flag.
speaker_heading: BENNY PARSONS
dialog: (flabbergasted)
dialog: - Ned I should know better. Just
dialog: when I say somethin’ can’t be done
text: on a race track some rookie’s
dialog: gonna come along and make a liar
dialog: outta me - he come off that last
dialog: corner like he was tied to a
dialog: string, didn’t he?
scene_heading: COLE AT VICTORY LANE 114
text: is hauled out of the car by his riotous crew. Photographers
text: and Dr. Jerry Punch (with ESPN mike) surround him. Cole
text: grabs Harry, hugging him.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (affectionately)
dialog: - I owe it all to you, you son of
dialog: a bitch.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - oh hell -
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: Cole Trickle, did you have any
dialog: idea you could go wide open on
dialog: that last turn and make the car
dialog: stick like that?
text: Cole is all smiles.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Knew it all along.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: - how’s that?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Special tires.
text: He points to the tires. Punch looks down at them, puzzled.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: What’s special about ‘em?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: - nothin’ particular..
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (pulling Harry aside)
dialog: - but you told me -
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 45.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - well I lied, I had to tell you
dialog: somethin’ to calm you down, you
dialog: was acting like such a candy~ass
dialog: after the air gun stuck, figured
dialog: you’d never get back on a race
dialog: track -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~ you son of a bitch!
text: He goes after Harry, but Daland and the crew hit the would-be
text: warriors with champagne spray and their hostility -is drowned
text: in bubbly. Both men laugh.
text: Photographs are taken - a rapid series of freeze frames as
text: Cole goes through the victory ritual of doffing dozens of
text: race sponsor hats. Daland interrupts the freeze frame flow:
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Try this on for size.
text: Cole and Harry look at the hat. It says Superflo. Daland
text: puts it on Cole’s head, another on Harry’s head, one more on
dialog: his own. :
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: We got us a sponsor!
text: More champagne over the three of them. Through the shower:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - promise me somethin’, boys.
dialog: Whatever else we do from here - we
dialog: win Daytona -
text: Before Cole can answer he is grabbed by the honey haired Miss
text: Winston and surrounded by other beauty queens to have his
text: picture taken. They hang all over hin.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: Look at that. He’s actually shy.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, he’ll get over it.
speaker_heading: EXT HIGHWAY (DAY) 115
text: The City Chevrolet semi hums along the turnpike, with Harlan
text: Hoogerhyde the gigantic gas-man on the pit crew manning the
text: wheel. He’s singing along with a raucous duet that comes
text: from a speaker in his cab.
speaker_heading: DUET
dialog: - I’m puttin’ you in my rear view
dialog: It sure has been a lot of fun, but
dialog: now I’m comin’ thru -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: "+ Dec 19 1989 7 46.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: INT SEMI (MOVING) 116
text: Y Harry with other crew members and a gorgeous pit lizard is
text: : sprawled in the sitting room behind the cab, plucking lightly
text: on a banjo, drinking beer, whiskey and a little moonshine and
dialog: holding forth:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ~ there was this coal mine I
dialog: a believed was gonna make me rich,
dialog: . it was sold to me so good all I
dialog: > could see was an assfull of money,
dialog: toe racing, charity, hell I proceeded
dialog: I, : to go up in the mountains and get
dialog: : : in on this coal mine. So I'm
dialog: . sitting there waitin’ on this guy,
dialog: |. here comes these trucks with big
dialog: : loads of coal going up the
text: mountain, up that road. Dozens of
dialog: ‘em. It shoulda dawned on me I
dialog: guess, but it didn’t. Now what
dialog: the hell are they doing hauling
dialog: coal up the mountain - the coal
dialog: is supposed to come down the .
dialog: mountain, don’t you see? crystal °
dialog: ) clear, can’t miss it, but I did...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: } Cole who is lying in a corner only half-listening has grown
text: increasingly attentive. He chuckles. As Harry keeps
text: I talking, Cole laughs harder.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (going on)
dialog: ~ these mountains had been worked
dialog: out for fifty years but they’d
dialog: . show guys like me truckloads of
dialog: \ : coal they’d supposedly loaded that
dialog: @ay, sell ‘em thousands of dollars
dialog: worth of useless mining stock,
dialog: 1 move off and they’re never heard
dialog: be from again. They call that a dog
dialog: and pony show, I had to learn that
dialog: ' the hard way -
text: ' . Cole is laughing even harder.
text: ! ' Harry breaks off. As far as he’s concerned Cole has become
text: an overappreciative audience. Harry goes over to Cole.
speaker_heading: : HARRY
dialog: : ~ well it may be funny but it’s
dialog: | not that funny when it happens to
dialog: you -
text: Cole continues laughing.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: , - it happened to me...
text: Harry’s dumbfounded. He sits.
dialog: 
dialog: *"Dec 19 1989 “46a.
speaker_heading: . HARRY
dialog: ~- what happened to you? You ‘
dialog: we : bought worthless mining stock?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (drinking a beer)
dialog: ~ I told you I lost my ride?
dialog: That’s how I lost it. The team
dialog: owner was a con man..junk bonds,
dialog: worthless companies, but mainly he
dialog: sold stolen yachts. When I'd won
dialog: enough races he even used my name
dialog: to promote his sales. One day it
dialog: caught up with him, he went to
dialog: jail and I lost my ride - it was
dialog: pretty humiliating actually.
dialog: 
text: Harry’s affected by the story. He puts a hand on Cole’s
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hell, Cole there’s no need to be
dialog: embarrassed by some low life piece
dialog: of trash who'd put you in that LN
dialog: kind of position. wy
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I Well Harry, that depends.
speaker_heading: Is HARRY
dialog: On what?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: On whether or not you're related
dialog: to that low life piece of trash -
dialog: it was my father.
text: Cole laughs again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: : : HARRY
dialog: Lo When did this happen?
speaker_heading: | COLE
dialog: Five, six years ago.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: " ~ you lost your ride five or six
dialog: years ago?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: } - yeah. Haven’t really been able
dialog: ] to stick with anything since,
dialog: Harry they don’t trust me, I don’t
dialog: trust them, you know how it goes ~
dialog: 
dialog: Dec 19 1989 47.
text: Harry nods, full of feeling. Cole can see Harry wants to say
dialog: something comforting.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: For instance you lied to me
dialog: today. It was dumb luck I didn’t
dialog: end up crashed or dead. I oughta
dialog: “punch you out.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ~ give it a try.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No ~ I don’t want to get the shit
dialog: kicked out of me by a sixty year
dialog: old man -
text: That does it. Harry goes for Cole. ‘lhe two begin tussling.
text: Buck, a crew member, meanwhile is arm wrestling with a
text: gorgeous pit lizard, DARLENE, six feet, formed with great
dialog: tits, great ass'and anabolic steroids and getting the better
text: of Buck. Cole and Harry knock themselves to the floor -
text: they're like a pair of cubs, playing rough and where the
text: playing is going to end and the rough takes over neither one
dialog: knows. “
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Cole, we was settin’ in the money
dialog: spot, I wouldn't a wrecked you for
dialog: nothin’ in the world...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: He wouldn’t a wrecked that car for
dialog: nothin’ in the world -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (pinning Cole)
dialog: It’s a never never land out there,
dialog: don’t get me wrong and drivers
dialog: just don’t go to the outside like
dialog: that - but I knew you could do it.
dialog: I believed it in my heart.
dialog: {holding an empty mason
dialog: jar)
dialog: ~ peach or cherry -
dialog: ee
dialog: 
dialog: Dec 19 1989 48.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - cherry. ‘
text: Cole flops back, through half-closed eyes sees the girl,
text: Darlene, watching him while Buck talks.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: - there’s calculatin’ drivers and
dialog: kamikaze drivers. Cole there’s a
dialog: kamikaze like my pappy.
dialog: 
text: Cole smiles a little.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Oh yeah? Who was that?
speaker_heading: . BUCK
dialog: “opt . Buddy Bretherton.
speaker_heading: COLE ‘
dialog: Buddy Bretherton was your Dad? He
dialog: drove for Harry.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: - 17 years.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~- died at Daytona didn’t he?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: - just last year,
text: “Cole sits up. Harry’s come back with the moonshine but waits
text: in the doorway. Cole doesn’t see him.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: How'd it happen? mind my asking?
speaker_heading: . moo BUCK
dialog: ' (reluctantly)
dialog: - hit the wall...
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~ which turn?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (anxious to end the
dialog: conversation)
dialog: ~- he was probably dead before he
dialog: hit it. Coroner’s report showed
dialog: ! massive heart attack - probably
dialog: o why he hit it in the first place -
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 49.
text: Harry comes back in.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Buck says we were alike -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: {remembering fondly despite
dialog: himself)
dialog: - yeah, he’d push a car to the
dialog: edge knowing it could break loose
dialog: any minute and go ass over bandbox
dialog: and then he’d take it just a
dialog: little bit more -
text: He hands Cole the cherry moonshine.
speaker_heading: DARLENE
dialog: - You ever think about crashin’,
dialog: Cole?
text: Harry watches Cole for his answer. Cole laughs.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - no. %
dialog: {the truth of this hits him)
dialog: - no, I don’t.
speaker_heading: DARLENE
dialog: Well I do.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: When do you think about it?
speaker_heading: DARLENE
dialog: Right now, Buck.
dialog: She’s got very little on an amazing bottom and the scantest
text: teshirt on top.
speaker_heading: DARLENE
dialog: I’m bored -
dialog: (looking at Cole)
dialog: - anybody wants to come and get
dialog: wrecked, I’1l be just around the
dialog: corner —-
text: She walks down the steps into the other room. Buck looks to
dialog: Cole.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: She can suck start a Harley at 30
dialog: below zero.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Go ahead, Buck. JI been enough of
text: a kamikaze for one day.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 50.
speaker_heading: EXT HIGHWAY (DAY) 117
text: The sirens of two Highway Patrol cars are screaming as they
text: pull up alongside the semi, signalling Harlan to pull over.
speaker_heading: INT SEMI 118
text: as the door rudely opens and Darlene and Buck, hopelessly
text: entwined nearly fall into the road. They try to scramble for
dialog: some kind of cover.
scene_heading: HIGHWAY PATROL OFFICER
dialog: All right, everybody freeze.
dialog: You’re under arrest.
text: Harry with Cole staggers into the doorway.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What the hell for?
scene_heading: HIGHWAY PATROL OFFICER
dialog: It’s right there in your hand.
dialog: Transportation of illegal alcohol
dialog: across state lines for the purpose
dialog: of distribution -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I don’t know what this looks like
dialog: to you officer, but this is not
dialog: distribution, this -
text: (displaying the empty Mason
dialog: jar)
dialog: ~- is consumption...
text: He staggers.
scene_heading: HIGHWAY PATROL OFFICER
dialog: That don’t exactly make it legal.
text: Up against the wall.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What for?
scene_heading: HIGHWAY PATROL OFFICER
dialog: Up_ against the wall. Officers -
text: Other uniformed HP officers, two men and one woman move
text: briskly through the truck and begin te pat down Harry, Cole
dialog: and the others.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICER
dialog: {patting down Cole)
dialog: - well, looks like we’ve found
dialog: something -
scene_heading: HIGHWAY PATROL OFFICER
dialog: What’s that?
dialog: ere See ee
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. . 51.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICER
dialog: - concealed weapon -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (turning around, indignant)
dialog: - what!
text: The female officer promptly turns Cole back to the wall.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Where? just show me where.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICER
dialog: Right here -
text: With that she unzips Cole’s fly and uses what she finds as a
dialog: handle to turn him around.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICER
dialog: (facing a shocked Cole)
dialog: - now the only question is, will
dialog: he actually use it?
text: She tosses off her hat. Long blonde hair tumbles out. She
text: plants a big kiss on Cole, and everyone’s laughing. They’re
text: all in on the joke.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICER :
dialog: - please don’t be mad, Harry and
dialog: the boys thought you might like
dialog: me..
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - Well, miss, as you know they’re
dialog: all a bunch of dumb, crude,
dialog: drunken louts, especially Harry -
dialog: but - they could be right -
text: And with that he kisses her back, to applause and relief.
scene_heading: INT DALAND BEDROOM (NIGHT) 119
text: Lauren sits up in the dark.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Tim? Tim honey - somebody’s
text: messin’ around in the yard.
text: Daland reaches under the bed for a shotgun and a flashlight
text: and staggers to the window. He gives a little grunt of
text: surprise and sets the shotgun against the wall.
speaker_heading: EXT DALAND HOUSE (NIGHT) 120
text: The floodlights go on revealing Cole, dead drunk. His
text: Winston Cup trophy is precariously balanced on the edge of
text: the water well into which he’s dropping the cherries, one by
text: one, the dregs from his otherwise empty Mason jar. He spots
text: Tim in a bathrobe coming towards him.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 52.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: - got lost on the way home, did
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - not really...thought I'd pay you
dialog: a visit -
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (grabbing Cole before he
dialog: falls)
dialog: - well that’s real neighborly -
scene_heading: INT LIVING ROOM DALAND 121
text: sets up the sofa with sheets while Cole sways unsteadily,
text: checking out some family photos on a piano, including some of
text: Tim at his dealership.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: --Tim did you always want to sell
dialog: cars?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Hell, yes, doedn’t everybody?
dialog: you’re all set...
text: Cole staggers to the sofa, stares at his trophy on the coffee
text: table. Daland touches the trophy.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Truth is what I really wanted was
dialog: to be a race car driver.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (pleased to hear it)
dialog: You drove?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Oh yeah.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Were you good?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Well what kept you from it?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: - guys like you. Some drivers,
dialog: they’re happy just doin’ what
dialog: they love, that kinda deal. I’m
dialog: not that way. I gotta be the best
dialog: - good night, buddy.
text: Daland gives Cole a pat and heads out.
dialog: Nov 20 1989.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You ever crash?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: - iddy bitty ones is all.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: Then how do you really know you
dialog: weren’t good enough?
speaker_heading: DALAND
text: (coming back, sitting on the
dialog: coffee table)
dialog: I guess I knew my limits without
dialog: having to test ’em...can’t drive a
dialog: race car as good as I’d like, but
dialog: hells bells it’s a thrill to watch
dialog: you drive, Cole. On top of that
dialog: youre gonna make us all rich.
speaker_heading: COLE .
dialog: - Harry told me I’d stick in the °
dialog: third turn cos I had special
dialog: tires.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (amused)
dialog: I heard him - only thing special
dialog: out there today was you.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Is that right? So..whatta you
dialog: think, Tim? Was I good or was I
dialog: lucky?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: ~ when you’re real good you’re
dialog: real lucky.
text: He gets up again.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: How good and how lucky?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (stepping again)
dialog: Well you just keep doin’ it and
dialog: we’ll find out.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - for how long? how long before
dialog: you find out if you’re really good
dialog: or really lucky?
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 54.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (exasperated, laughing)
dialog: Cole that’s like my five year old
dialog: when she asks, ‘Daddy how long
dialog: before it’s morning?’
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What do you tell her?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Go to sleep!..
text: Daland walks out of the living room.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Hey Tim -
text: Daland pokes his head back in the doorway, annoyed despite
dialog: himself:
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: - what?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: How long before it’s morning?
text: Cole chuckles wickedly and plunks his head down on the
text: pillow. He’s asleep almost instantly. Daland remains in the
text: doorway, still smiling held by the afterglow of Cole’s
text: playfulness, amused but bemused as well by the troubling
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: FADE
scene_heading: ALDO BENEDETTI EXT. TRACK B 122
text: Goody’s Headache Powder’s hard luck hard charger, stands by
text: his race car. His expression is grave. He addresses camera:
speaker_heading: ALDO
dialog: I keep hoping for a race that
dialog: doesn’t give me a headache, but as
dialog: leng as these guys are runnin’ =
text: First Rowdy in his racing suit walks by:
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: ~ good luck today, Aldo -
speaker_heading: ALDO
dialog: Thanks Rowdy -
text: Cole Trickle in his racing togs saunters by:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - good luck out there, Aldo -
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 55.
speaker_heading: ALDO
dialog: Thanks Cole -
dialog: (to camera) ~
dialog: - the headaches keep comin’.
scene_heading: INT ALDO’S RACE CAR 123
text: Aldo screeches into a pit stop. The Gatorade cup flies in.
text: Aldo desperately tears open a couple of Goody’s Headache
text: packages off his dashboard - where dozens more are taped. He
text: downs the Goody’s and zooms out of the pit.
speaker_heading: IMPISH VOICE OVER
dialog: “Goody’s" for those headaches that
dialog: just won’t quit -
text: This last over two quick cuts - one of Rowdy, the other of
text: Cole tearing down the track and passing Aldo whose car is
text: stopped once again - as he’s getting a traffic ticket.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT RACE TRACK (DAYTONA) DAY i: 124
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS V.O.
dialog: - you’re looking at the number 46
text: car of Cole Trickle who’s leading
dialog: here at the Firecracker 400 in
dialog: Daytona, Florida - that Superflo
text: Chevy Lumina running out front is
text: an increasingly familiar sight,
dialog: isn't it Ned Jarrett?
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: - yes indeed, Bob Jenkins, since
dialog: his Pocono victory, Trickle has
dialog: gone on to win at Michigan, at
dialog: Watkins Glen, and how he’s one car
text: away from lapping the entire field
dialog: 146 laps into the race -
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.O.
dialog: Lately he’s been a headache for
dialog: Aldo Benedetti and about 39
dialog: other drivers -
text: During Jarrett’s V.0. coverage include insert ESPN bites in
text: all four corners of the screen - Cole winning Pocono, Cole
dialog: winning Michigan, Cole winning Watkins Glen and in the fourth
text: corner Cole in victory lane being interviewed, radiating
dialog: confidence and poise ~ "our Superflo/Chevy Lumina did
dialog: everything we asked out there" - since the night on Daland’s
text: sofa Cole has become a risen star, on the way to being larger
dialog: than life.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 56.
speaker_heading: ~ TRACK 125
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.O.
dialog: - right now he’s giving Rowdy
dialog: Burns more than a headache -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: He‘s liable to get more than a
dialog: headache from Rowdy if they keep
dialog: this up -
text: This exchange because Cole has come up behind Burns who goes
text: high and low to keep Cole from passing. Cole’s response is a
text: nudge on Rowdy’s bumper. As they slam and bam back and forth
dialog: and bother the cars around them:
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: - these sorts of rivalries, while
dialog: they may be fun for the fans, are
dialog: always dangerous - not only to
dialog: themselves but to the other
dialog: drivers -
text: Inserts of Cole and Rowdy in the corner of the screen - Rowdy
dialog: responding to Nascar warnings that he and Cole have caused
text: other drivers to crash and Cole denying that he’s racing
dialog: anyone in particular - ‘you worry about one guy, you turn
dialog: your back on the rest of ‘em, and you can’t afford to do
dialog: that -’.
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.O.
dialog: Well he says it but does he mean
dialog: it?
scene_heading: ON THE TRACK COLE - TRACK 126
text: nudges Rowdy’s bumper again, and loosens it.
scene_heading: INT ROWDY’S CAR 127
text: At 170 miles an hour he can hear the bumper rattling. He
text: swears.
speaker_heading: INT COLE’S CAR 128
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: (on radio}
dialog: - stop messin’ with him, he’s
dialog: not gonna give to you -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - c’mon, just one more tap -
text: And he does it. Rowdy’s bumper really rattles.
scene_heading: ROWDY - INT. ROWDY 129
text: is practically foaming with fury.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. S7.
speaker_heading: WADDELL
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: - that bumper gets any looser,
dialog: Rowdy and they’re gonna black flag
dialog: you - let him go by -
speaker_heading: ~ TRACK 130
text: Rowdy signals to Cole to let him pass. Cole moves to the
text: outside on the turn and Rowdy really slams him. Cole loses
text: his rear end.
text: Cole spins, smoking, and looks like he’s going right into the
text: wall - but does a perfect 360 and barely scrapes it - he
text: keeps on going and passes Rowdy.
text: The crowd goes wild. Rowdy is furious.
scene_heading: INT CAR - INT. COLE 131
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I don’t know what you were so
dialog: worried about, Harry -
scene_heading: AT THE PIT HARRY . 132
text: with Daland looks like he’s nearly had a coronary. But both
text: men look up to see Cole pass by and wave, obviously in
text: complete control. They look at one another and shake their
dialog: heads.
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.0.
dialog: - well Ned Jarrett, that boy knows
dialog: something about race cars I sure
dialog: don’t -
speaker_heading: A FAN - GRANDSTAND 133
text: twists the cap off a beer bottle and tosses it. It rolls
text: through the fencing and onto the track at turn four.
speaker_heading: - TRACK 134
text: Cole’s car comes into the turn at over 180 miles an hour -
text: hits the bottle cap. His right front tire is punctured.
text: In a flash Cole caroms off one car, gets sideways, and then
text: backwards which sends him airborne at least fifteen to twenty
text: feet over the track. He comes crashing down into and along
text: the wall end over end at first and then endless barrel
text: rolling, a whirling dervish of smoke and flames with
text: exploding pieces of machinery spewing out. It looks as if
text: nothing will be left of the car when the smoke clears. And
text: when it does, it reaveals little more than the roll cage.
scene_heading: CLOSE COLE - INT. COLE 135
text: He stirs, swears and starts to answer Harry’s frantic radio
text: call. Then he looks up. .
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 58.
speaker_heading: HIS POV - TRACK 136
text: Coming down the track toward him at 180 miles an hour, the
dialog: cars are three a breast. There’s no way they can all avoid
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ONE CAR - TRACK 137
text: T-bones him brutally - sending him down the track, smoking
text: and crumpled into the infield.
scene_heading: INT. ROWDY 138
text: Other cars meanwhile have piled up and wrecked - Rowdy
text: avoided Cole but hit the car Cole caromed off - lost his
text: bumper, causing cars behind him to lose control, rear end
text: him and send him into the wall where he now hangs upside
text: down over a guard rail. His helmet is off his head and he’s
text: badly bruised.
speaker_heading: WADDELL’S VOICE
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: - pit and get four tires! pit and
dialog: get four tires! %
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Waddell, I’m hanging upside down
dialog: and they’re gonna have to cut me
dialog: out of this race car. Now what in
dialog: the fuck are you talking about?
speaker_heading: - TRACK 139
text: Harry and Daland rush toward the infield where Cole’s car is
text: a smoking ruin.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (into radio as they’re going)
dialog: Cole, can you hear me? do you
dialog: copy? can you say something?
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: - let me catch my breath, okay?..I
dialog: feel like I’m in one piece, but
dialog: I’m really not sure -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (stopping, with Daland)
dialog: What do you mean you’re not sure?-
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: Well, I can’t see anything -
dialog: (a funny laugh)
dialog: - I’m blind...I feel okay, Harry
dialog: but I’m blind -
text: Harry and Daland take off on a dead run.
dialog: Jan 23 1990, " 59.
speaker_heading: IN ESPN TRUCK
text: The camera crew is going crazy with their video banks, from a
text: replay of the crash, to isolated shots of Rowdy’s crash, to
text: isolated shots of Cole’s crash, to crew reactions like
text: Harry’s and Daland’s, to the inboard POV shot looking over
text: Cole’s shoulder as the car dips, hits another car, spins,
text: gets airborne - and then on crashing into the wall, loses
dialog: picture.
speaker_heading: OMIT (141)
scene_heading: INT EMERGENCY ROOM (MOVING)
text: Cole, wheeled along in aa gurney, is swooped down on by
text: nurses and doctors that make him seem like the object of a
text: feeding frenzy.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - could you wait, could you wait,
dialog: could you tell me what’s going on,
dialog: I can’t see -
text: They’re using scissors to cut away his uniform working up
text: from the ankles and the wrists, putting leads on his chest,
text: getting a cardiac monitor going, clamps on his finger for a
text: pulse oximeter, oxygen mask, etc. Cole starts to struggle
text: against the attention he can’t see.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
text: a serious bruise on his forehead, is the object of similar
text: attention. He watches himself being hooked up to monitoring
dialog: systems:
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: ~ I‘m not a car battery, I don’t
dialog: need rechargin’ -
speaker_heading: YOUNG DOCTOR
dialog: - this is standard procedure -
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - go fuck yourself -
text: DR. CLAIRE LEWICKI, a young woman in surgical. greens, bends
text: over Rowdy.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: - what was that, Mr. Burns?
text: She checks out the bruise on his forehead. Rowdy checks her
dialog: out.
dialog: 140
dialog: 142
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 60.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: I wouldn’t tell you to do that,
dialog: Doc.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: We‘ll see -
speaker_heading: WITH COLE
text: thrasing around now, panicked. His legs are taped to the
text: table, sandbags on either side of his head.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~ Ifm blind, godammit somebody’s
dialog: gotta tell me what’s going on!
text: He manages to tear himself half off the table. Dr. Lewicki
text: into SHOT. She puts her arm around his shoulder.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: Okay, okay, what’s your name?
speaker_heading: COLE ~‘
dialog: Cole Trickle..
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: Cole, would you help us out and
dialog: lie down please?
scene_heading: INT CAT-SCAN COLE 143
text: in lead-lined room, Dr. Lewicki speaking to him from the
text: outside as he’s being readied for the MRI scan.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: You've had a concussion, your
dialog: brain is bruised and like any
dialog: bruise it’s going to swell. That
dialog: swelling is almost certainly
dialog: what’s affecting your vision.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You mean this’1ll go away?
scene_heading: DR. LEWICKI -
dialog: - if that’s the problem, now we’re
dialog: going to run some tests.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - what kind of tests?
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: - I just need to confirm what’s
dialog: going on, I never pass up the
dialog: opportunity to see if a good
text: looking man has a brain in his
dialog: head -
text: She continues preparatiens te run the MRI.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 61.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You’re a brain doctor?
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: - yes -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: A good one?
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: {she smiles)
dialog: - so-so.
text: Cole is obviously frightened.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Look, when I’m driving I got a guy
dialog: who talks to me on the radio - I
dialog: can’t see him but he talks to me -
text: Cole has made a dent in her professional demeanor and Claire
dialog: is touched.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: T/ll talk to you -
text: The machine whirrs and a section of Cole’s brain is projected
text: on the screen.
speaker_heading: CLOSE COLE
text: His eyes open.
speaker_heading: COLE POV ROOM
text: Grainy movement of gray and blacks, like a negative being
text: formed. He can see shapes in the room. Then the color
text: bleeds in.
scene_heading: INT NEURO INTENSIVE CARE (DAY) 144
text: Cole is looking at Harry, who is crumpled up in a chair,
text: dozing, his spit cup in hand.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Harry you okay?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (with a start)
dialog: Yeah, why?
text: Now his eyes open. He watches Cole hopefully.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You look all bent outta shape. Oh
dialog: hell, it’s probably my eyes -
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 62.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - no, it’s me. I been here all
dialog: night - I’1l get the doctor.
text: He scurries out.
scene_heading: INT WAITING ROOM 145
text: Haggard crew members watch a rerun of Cole’s crash. Harry
text: inte SHOT background coming to a halt by the main desk across
dialog: the hall.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Where’s Dr. Lewicki?
text: We can cverhear the nurse saying that Dr. Lewicki’s getting
text: ready to go off duty.
scene_heading: INT NEURO INTENSIVE CARE COLE 146
text: smiles when he sees the crew coming in.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Damn nice to see you, Cole -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Damn nice to see you, Buck -
text: A moment later Harry enters with Dr. Lewicki. She’s out of
text: surgical greens and in a white smock over street clothes.
text: Her appearance is dramatic. She’s young, she’s tall, and
text: she’s striking.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - you've met Dr. Lewicki, Cole -
text: Cole stares back without saying a word.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - your doctor, Dr. Lewicki -
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: (to Harry, pleasantly)
dialog: - I don’t think he’s actually seen
dialog: me -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: Oh, sure, Harry, Dr. Lewicki -
dialog: hi, doctor, how are you?
text: Claire Lewicki smiles - walks across the room to greet Cole.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: - no Cole, this really is Dr.
dialog: Lewicki -
dialog: 
dialog: “Nov 20 1989. : 63.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - absolutely ~
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: - I was just about to go off
dialog: duty -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - and you want to look me over
dialog: before you go -
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: Well that’s not a bad idea. You
dialog: feel your vision’s restored?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (vainly)
dialog: - Cole -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - Oh I think so -
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI “
dialog: - nothing’s blurred, you’re not
dialog: seeing double? no halos around
dialog: objects? no flashing lights?
text: She pulls out an opthalmoscope.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What’re you going to do with that?
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: ~ look into your eyes -
speaker_heading: 5 COLE
dialog: Now doctor, isn’t this what you're
dialog: really looking for?
text: Cole takes Lewicki’s hand and puts it under the covers, right
text: ever his crotch. Harry about faints. Lewicki’s spins
text: stiffens slightly. She keeps her hand on Cole’s crotch,
text: however. It’s almost as though she is listening to it with a
dialog: stethoscope:
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: Well it seems interesting enough
dialog: Mr. Trickle, but it’s just not my
dialog: specialty -
text: She withdraws her hand and walks out of the room just as
text: Daland enters. A moment of stunned silence.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - she’s the real thing?
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. : 64.
speaker_heading: HARRY .
dialog: I wouldn’t play no joke on you in
dialog: a situation like this -
dialog: (Harry giggles) .
dialog: sorry, Cole, I’m trying not to
dialog: smile - :
scene_heading: INT HOSPITAL CORRIDOR (MOVING) 147
text: Rowdy Burns in civilian clothes and a wheelchair is pushed
text: briskly along by a no-nonsense nurse, preferably with a voice
dialog: like Eugene Palette’s.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: - I can walk, godammit!
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Not as long as you’re in this
dialog: hospital you can’t -
text: They’re nearly blindsided by Cole - also in civilian clothes
text: and also pissed about being in a wheelchair. His Latino
text: orderly has nearly banged him into Rowdy. The two drivers
text: glare at one another, then continue down the corridor
text: wheelchair to wheelchair in an unintentional reprise of their
dialog: car race.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (whispering to his orderly)
dialog: - I don’t wanna be next to this
dialog: clown, couid you pick up the pace
dialog: a little?..
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: {in heavily accented Spanish)
dialog: If you wan’ drugs you gotta see
dialog: the nurse, buddy -
text: Cole swears. He grabs onto the wheels and whips them
text: forward. Rowdy takes only a moment to react. He too picks
text: up the pace staying even with Cole. The orderly and the
text: gravelly nurse hasten to stay up with the escalating pace.
text: The two nearly run into Dr. Lewicki. She’s waiting outside a
text: main floor conference room with Harry nearby.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: Good morning, gentlemen. Right
dialog: this way -
scene_heading: INT CONFERENCE ROOM 148
text: Several Nascar officials listen intently. Dr. Lewicki is
text: running tape of the computer generated CAT-scan. Like two
text: recalcitrant children Cole and Rowdy sit in their wheelchairs
text: watching, along with Harry, Daland and Waddell (Rowdy’s crew
dialog: chief).
dialog: Nov 20 1989.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: - neither Mr. Burns nor in this
dialog: case Mr. Trickle present any
dialog: significant intracranial injury -
text: LEN DORTORT, an imposing official:
speaker_heading: DORTORT
dialog: Hold it, doc let’s have that one
dialog: in English. Did they mess up
dialog: their squash or not?
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
text: Their brains are intact,
dialog: (a glance at Cole)
dialog: as much as they were before the
dialog: accident anyway.
speaker_heading: DORTORT
dialog: You’re willing to give em
dialog: clearance to get back on a race
dialog: track.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: - well, I, that’s obviously a
dialog: dangerous way to spend your time -
speaker_heading: DORTORT
dialog: - that’s a philosophical
dialog: objection, Doc. I’m lookin’ for a
dialog: medical one. In you professional
dialog: epinion is there any reason these
dialog: two men should not be allowed to
dialog: return to racing?
text: Now Rowdy and Cole are hanging on Dr. Lewicki’s tiniest
text: gesture and she sees it.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: - all the follow up scans have
dialog: been negative, but no one of
dialog: course can give you guarantees -
speaker_heading: DORTORT
dialog: - young lady, we know you’re an
dialog: accomplished physician - did you
dialog: happen to see these boys crash?
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: Ifve never seen a race. I am,
dialog: however, familiar with car
dialog: crashes.
speaker_heading: DORTORT
dialog: At 180 miles an hour? We can show
dialog: it to you. Banjo -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 66.
text: One of the NASCAR officials pulls out a tape of his own. He
dialog: starts to put it in the VCR:
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - I ain’t lookin’ at that
dialog: sumbitch.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: It isn’t necessary. I’m not
dialog: inclined to give them clearance at
dialog: this time.
text: Both Rowdy and Cole start to protest.
speaker_heading: DORTORT
dialog: Gentlemen, please - what would
dialog: you suggest then?
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: A re-evaluation in another week or
dialog: two.
text: Again they start to protest. ™
speaker_heading: DORTORT
dialog: Thank you, doc - now we have a
dialog: little something to say to the
dialog: boys here. I don’t think you
dialog: necessarily need to hear it ~-
text: She leaves. Rowdy and Cole look hatefully at one another.
speaker_heading: DORTORT
dialog: Okay, it’s Big John’s turn.
text: BIG JOHN ENGLISH rises out of his chair and suddenly fills
text: the room. It’s as though he sprouted out of the floor. He
text: towers over the two drivers in their wheelchairs.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHN
dialog: - if you wanna turn yourselves
text: into a greasy spot on a country
dialog: road somewheres, go right ahead, I
dialog: don’t give a shit and I don’t
dialog: think anybody else does no matter
dialog: what they say to your face - but
dialog: you two monkeys are not gonna do
dialog: it on my racetrack!.. Now y’all
dialog: heard about Japanese inspection?
dialog: Japanese inspection. Nobody here
dialog: know about Japanese inspection?
dialog: Well I’1l1 tell you about it. When
dialog: the Japs get a load of lettuce
dialog: they’re not so sure they want in
dialog: the country, why they just let it
text: set on the docks until they’re
text: good and ready to look at it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: ~ —————
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 67.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: By that time it’s all gone rotten
dialog: and there ain’t nothin’ left to
dialog: inspect. In other words - lettuce
dialog: is a perishable item, like you
dialog: two monkeys. You trade paint one
dialog: more time, you so much as touch,
dialog: I’ll black flag the two of you and
dialog: take apart your race cars for the
text: next three hundred laps. Then,
dialog: if you pass inspection and put
dialog: your car back together, maybe I’11
dialog: let you finish the race - now to
dialog: show us there’s no hard feelin’s,
dialog: we’re all going out to dinner
dialog: together -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I got other plans.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Yeah, so do I.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHN *
dialog: You’1ll have to change em. Not
dialog: only that, you two’ll drive to
dialog: dinner together.
text: He drops car keys on the table between them.
scene_heading: INT HOSPITAL ROOM 149
text: a large closet off the corridor - coffee bar, coke machine,
text: formica and cremora. Dr. Lewicki is having coffee and
text: chatting with a good looking male colleague.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Dr. Lewicki, I want to apologize
dialog: for what happened with Cole when
dialog: you come into the hospital room.
text: Lewicki and the male doctor exchange glances. He discreetly
text: drifts on out.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKTI
dialog: {graciously)
dialog: Mr. Hogge, please, it’s nothing to
dialog: worry about and in any case it was
dialog: hardly your doing.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: {a cough)
dialog: - that’s just it. I believe it
dialog: was.
text: Dr. Lewicki looks puzzled. Harry gets very red in the face.
dialog: Then:
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 68.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - not too long ago after he won
dialog: Pecono we played a trick on Cole,
text: dressed up a pretty girl ina
dialog: highway patrol uniform...anyway we
dialog: told her to get real ornery with
dialog: him and - she did.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: By ornery you mean...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (deeply embarrassed)
dialog: - real ornery.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: Why would you want me to know
dialog: about this?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I don’t want you to hold a bad
dialog: opinion of Cole..I believe it
dialog: scares him -
dialog: (a long pause)
dialog: - you're his doctor. ‘
text: And Claire Lewicki sees Harry doesn’t want his race car
dialog: driver scared.
scene_heading: EXT HOSPITAL PARKING LOT (DAY) REAR ANGLE GREEN CHEVROLET 150
text: with its Florida license plate surrounded by a BUDGET RENT-A-~
text: CAR frame. Cole into SHOT. He tries one of the car doors.
text: It’s locked. He leans up against the car, waiting, eyes
text: nearly closed. For the first time there’s a sense of
text: exhaustion and aftershock from the crash. Some image
text: nevertheless makes an impression. He takes off.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
text: is walking down a hospital ramp toward the parking lot,
text: briefcase and car keys in hand. As she turns into the lot
text: she sees Cole sprinting toward her. She stops.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Doctor!
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: - I heard you thought I was a
dialog: highway patrol officer.
text: It’s clearly a surprise to Cole that she knows about it.
dialog: It’s mixed relief.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - I also wanted to thank you for
dialog: taking care of me.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. , 69.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: That’s my job.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Yeah, well it’s my life.
text: Cole looks like he’1l stand there all day. He either doesn’t
dialog: want to move away from her or doesn’t know how to. Finally:
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: (gently teasing)
dialog: Well this time, let’s shake
dialog: hands..
text: She extends hers. Cole nearly jumps.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: of course,
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: Good luck, Cole.
text: She turns away.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Dr. Lewicki!
text: She turns back.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Could I see you?
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: Oh you will, I promise.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No I mean would you have dinner
dialog: with me? catch a movie or -
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: oh, that’s very sweet, really -
dialog: but it’s not going to get you back
text: on the track any faster.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: No, it’s not that -
text: She waves brightly, smiles crisply and turns away. Her back
text: is not to be argued with and Cole sees it. Then something
text: else catches his eye.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
text: is walking toward the green Chevrolet.
speaker_heading: COLE
text: now turns and walks toward the green Chevrolet.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 70.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: It’s a little like a gunfighter’s shootout. Each step brings
text: them closer to one another - until only the car’s roof
text: separates them. Rowdy has reached the driver’s side, Cole
text: the passenger side.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Now here’s how I see this deal.
dialog: You ain‘’t gonna want me to drive
dialog: to dinner and I ain’t gonna want
dialog: you to driver to dinner so there’s
dialog: only one way to settle this..
text: He looks down at the car’s key chain and smiles again. He
text: fingers the tag. It too says BUDGET RENT-A-CAR. Now Cole
dialog: smiles.
scene_heading: EXT BUDGET RENT-A-CAR OFFICE (DAY) idl
text: The green Chevrolet is parked out front - next to an almost
text: identical blue one. Cole and Rowdy exit the car office each
text: carrying a set of keys. A pleasant matronish woman follows.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Have a nice day, and ya’ll drive
dialog: careful now, hear?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Oh yes mam. We sure will.
text: Cole gets into the blue Chevrolet. Rowdy gets into the green
text: Chevrolet. Cole leans out the window.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Charthouse Restaurant.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: It’s called the Charthouse.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: That the finish?
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: First one to hit valet parking
dialog: takes the checkered flag - how
dialog: about the start?
text: Cole looks down the road about a hundred and fifty yards.
speaker_heading: COLE
text: The stop sign.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: What else?
text: Cole turns over his engine. Rowdy turns over his.
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 18 1990. . 72.
text: as Cole and Rowdy walk in.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Too close to call?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~ yeah -
dialog: aot omar omer tard Ink
dialog: Jan 18 1990 . 71.
scene_heading: ON THE ROAD (MOVING) - EXT. STREET A 152
text: They travel side by side, scuffing their tires as though
text: they’re on the track. The stop sign looms closer. They hit
text: it and roar through the four way intersection - sendin *
text: cross traffic skittering all over the road and into ditches.
text: The race is on.
scene_heading: EXT COUNTRY ROAD AND CAUSEWAY (NIGHT) 153%
text: a picturesque bridge crosses an expanse of peaceful moonlit *
text: water. From out of the darkness comes the roar of two *
dialog: engines. : *
text: The stream of headlights on the bridge begins to break up - *
text: horns honk, a fender crumples - the headlights on the bridge *
dialog: are pointed in every direction, *
dialog: \
scene_heading: INT. CHARTHOUSE RESTAURANT (NIGHT) 154*
text: Big John drums his fingers on the table and glares at a very *
text: uncomfortable Tim Daland. Big John checks his watch. *
speaker_heading: BIG JOHN *
dialog: Let me tell you somethin’, Tim. *
dialog: If you can’t control your race *
dialog: driver any bettern this, you might *
dialog: consider stickin’ to something you *
dialog: can control, like used cars in *
dialog: downtown Charlotte. *
scene_heading: EXT. CHARTHOUSE (NIGHT) 155%
text: The two renta-cars have arrived. Battered and bleeding *
text: hulks, spewing oil and water they are side by side in the *
text: valet-manned parking lot along with rows of shiny BMW’s, *
dialog: Mercedes, Porsches. *
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE 156*
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989, 73.
text: She turns and spots Lewicki with the same good looking doctor
dialog: she’d been with earlier.
speaker_heading: SECTY
dialog: Dr. Lewicki would you please call
dialog: this gentleman back before I run
dialog: out of thumbtacks?
scene_heading: GOOD LOOKING DOCTOR
dialog: (eyeing messages)
dialog: Same gentleman?
text: Lewicki is politely dismissive.
speaker_heading: DR. LEWICKI
dialog: It’s a patient.
text: The phone rings again. The secretary turns to answer it.
scene_heading: WITH COLE AT HARRY’S - INT. HARRY’S GARAGE 160
text: He’s on the phone.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Tim, do you know anybody at
dialog: Daytona Memorial?
scene_heading: WITH TIM DALAND - INT. TIM’S OFFICE 161
text: in his office at City Chevrolet.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Chief of staff - why?
speaker_heading: COLE'S VOICE
dialog: He a race fan?
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Is Florida in the South?
scene_heading: WITH COLE - INT. HARRY’S GARAGE 162
speaker_heading: HARRY
speaker_heading: {into SHOT)
dialog: - Tim wants you to meet Russ
dialog: Wheeler, he’s gonna be drivin’ for
dialog: us till you get your medical
dialog: clearance ~
dialog: Wheeler is a year or two younger than Cole, smooth,
dialog: ingratiating - a Southern yuppie.
speaker_heading: RUSS
dialog: - real privilege to race your car,
dialog: Mr. Trickle -
dialog: Nov 20 1989, 74.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: - thanks for helping out -
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: - Tim, I need the home address of
dialog: a doctor -
speaker_heading: RUSS
dialog: ~ just sorry I won’t be able to
dialog: drive it near as good as you -
text: This last remark ruffles Cole’s concentration momentarily.
scene_heading: EXT MARINA (EVENING) CLAIRE LEWICKI 163
text: returning from work walks up the stairs to her apartment
text: overlooking the bay. She opens the door and gapes.
scene_heading: INT HARRY’S GARAGE 164
text: Harry and crew are working on the car, background, Cole is on
text: the phone, laughing:
speaker_heading: COLE ‘
dialog: - I was desperate to get your
dialog: attention -
scene_heading: INT LEWICKI’S APARTMENT 165
text: with Claire on the phone, in a room absolutely filled with
text: lush flowers and brightly colored balloons, a couple of which
text: are attached to a large toy kangaroo dressed in a white smock
text: wearing a stethoscope.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (laughing herself)
dialog: - well you got it. I’ve walked
dialog: into a jungle!..no it’s nicely
dialog: extravagant, but really I can’t
dialog: I’m a doctor -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - and I’m a patient. You have to
dialog: re-examine Rowdy and me to clear
dialog: us. Come up here and do it. Take
dialog: you to a race -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: ~ come on! I don’t want to watch
dialog: you fellas go round and round in
dialog: those noisy things chasing each
dialog: other like a pack of dogs on my
dialog: day off -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - well how about chasing me on
dialog: your day off?
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 75.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - I don’t have a day off. I’ma
dialog: resident. I’m on call 24 hours.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Okay, doctor, let’s suppose you
dialog: had a couple of days with nothing
dialog: else to do, could I interest you
dialog: in the North Carolina countryside?
text: There’s a long pause.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - speaking theoretically?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - speaking theoretically -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (realizing it for herself)
dialog: ~ I suppose you could..
scene_heading: INT DALAND’S OFFICE Sy 166
text: Daland picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: Tim, how’d you like me cleared for
dialog: the Charlotte Race?
scene_heading: EXT PIEDMONT AIRLINES 737 (DAY) . 167
dialog: landing at Charlotte.
scene_heading: INT CAR COLE AND CLAIRE (MOVING) -EXT. CHARLOTTE STREET 168
dialog: through Charlotte.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: ~ we’d barely gotten off the phone
dialog: and he rang -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What’d he say?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: ‘ - doctor, you’re going to
dialog: complete your follow up work in
dialog: the field. Fly to Charlotte and
dialog: check those boys out.’
dialog: (she laughs)
dialog: - he’s my boss, I’m stuck.
text: Cole smiles. Claire eyes hin.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Boy, you’re quick.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 76.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You oughta see me drive.
speaker_heading: EXT FIELD INFIRMARY (DAY) 169
text: at the Charlotte Motor Speedway. Claire emerges from the
text: entrance. She’s put on a white smock and is chatting with
dialog: the field doctor.
text: Cole jogs back from a couple of drivers.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Rowdy’s not here -
speaker_heading: FIELD DOCTOR
dialog: (checking his watch)
dialog: - I told him to meet us at the
text: infield by five.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: Well, we should probably go ahead
dialog: with Cole ~
dialog: {Cole looks startled) N
dialog: ~ you do want your medical
dialog: clearance?
speaker_heading: INT EXAMINING ROOM (DAY) 170
text: Claire places a smock on the table.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Put this on.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~- right.
text: She leaves. He picks up the smock and it seems to fall
dialog: apart - it’s one of those tissue thin paper jobs with the
text: embarrassing split down the back.
scene_heading: CLOSE MERCURY COLUMN
text: on blood pressure gauge. The column is pumped higher and
dialog: higher.
speaker_heading: COLE
text: is sitting bare legged on the table in his smock.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - if this were your normal blood
dialog: pressure, you’d have dropped dead
dialog: twenty years ago, relax will you?
text: She stands between his legs while he remains seated on the
text: table. She holds her hands out to either side.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 77.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - now look at my nose and tell me
dialog: which finger’s moving ~
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - little finger, index finger,
dialog: both fingers -
text: Her face is maddeningly close. Cole is having a hard time.
text: He starts to drift closer to her. Claire extends two fingers
dialog: on-her right hand:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Squeeze.
text: Cole squeezes. She extends two fingers on her left hand.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Squeeze.
text: He squeezes.
scene_heading: CLAIRE USES THE REFLEX HAMMER
text: on Cole’s knees, arms, ankles. He watches her tap by tap,
text: reflex by reflex, as she methodically goes over his body.
text: He’s beginning to perspire. Claire’s manner, if anything,
text: seems more detached, more clinical. It begins to annoy Cole.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Cole stands before Claire and touches his nose with his left
text: hand. She touches her nose with her right hand. He touches
text: his nose with his right hand. The exam becomes - a Kabuki
dialog: dance, semaphore signalling, courtship dance, children
dialog: Playing Simon says.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (& CLAIRE’S VOICE)
dialog: Hands out - clpse your eyes -
dialog: palms up - open your eyes - follow
dialog: my finger - stand with your feet
dialog: together and close your eyes, walk
text: with one foot in front of the
dialog: other - back on the table -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Back on the table?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes, back on the table -
text: Cole's anger is growing. He gets back on the table.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: This is tough -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Examinations always are -
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 78.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Why is that?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I’m looking you over and I might
dialog: not like what I see, that has to
dialog: worry you -
text: She turns off the light in the room, switches on the
text: opthalmoscope. The white pinpoint flits around the room.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: Pick a spot on the wall and look
dialog: at it.
text: Cole does. Claire moves to him in the darkened room until
text: they’re literally eye to eye. She looks through the
text: opthalmoscope.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (a little testy)
dialog: Please don’t move!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I didn’t move.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - your eyes - just focus on one
dialog: spot.
text: She looks again.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What do you see?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: ~- the retina -
speaker_heading: ECU RETINA
text: and its lush network of arteries and veins.
speaker_heading: COLE'S VOICE
dialog: What’s it look like?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: ~- pink, pulsating, very pretty
dialog: actually -
scene_heading: TWO SHOT CLAIRE AND COLE
text: Their faces move inches apart.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Seen enough?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Just about.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 79.
text: She takes a part of the opthalmoscope and runs it across the
text: bottem of Cole’s foot. Cole jumps.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What’d you do that for?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: ~ thought you might like it,
dialog: it’s -
text: Cole grabs Claire and kisses her. She doesn’t move and
text: doesn’t respond. Cole releases her.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (going on)
dialog: - the Babinsky sign -
text: She runs the opthalmoscope over the bottom of his foot again.
text: His toe automatically points down.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - if the toe goes up, you’re in
dialog: trouble - you’re fine. Put on
dialog: your clothes -
text: She turns on the wall switch and goes out the door. Cole
text: sags, shakes his head. He does not look fine.
speaker_heading: EXT HALLWAY 171
text: Claire leans against the wall, waiting. It’s grown darker
text: and quieter. Cole emerges. They walk side by side down the
dialog: hall, Cole ashen:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~ look I’m sorry, it drove me nuts
dialog: in there. How could you ignore me
dialog: like that?
text: They round the corner. She turns to Cole and pins him
text: against the wall. She kisses him every bit as forcefully as
text: he'd kissed her. Cole is shocked. The two of them slide
text: down the wall to the floor.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - I wasn’t ignoring you.. I gave
dialog: you a very thorough physical -
text: After a moment the two kiss again - very slowly.
scene_heading: CLAIRE’S LEG - INT. HOTEL ROOM 172
text: long and shapely lies on top of the covers. A neat row of
text: ‘Sweet & Low’ packs line her leg above and below the knee.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: ~ they did scientific studies on
dialog: this - :
dialog: Nov 20 1989, 80.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: On what?
speaker_heading: INT HOTEL ROOM (MORNING) 173
text: Claire herself lies under the covers sipping coffee, room
text: service tray and morning papers nearby. Cole in a towel sits
text: cross-legged on the bed hovering over Claire’s exposed leg.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Drafting -
text: He moves the ‘Sweet & Low’ packs as cars up her leg:
speaker_heading: COLE
text: - when one car tucks in behind
text: another two cars go faster than
dialog: one can by itself. What they do
dialog: is divide the air resistance .
dialog: between them, now here is where it
dialog: gets complicated...
dialog: (he moves a ‘Sweet & Low’
dialog: pack higher on her thigh)
text: - the lead car has to floor it to
dialog: hit 200 miles an hour, but the car
text: tucked in behind -
dialog: (takes the second pack
text: placing it right behind the
dialog: first)
dialog: ~ doesn’t. It can go just as fast
dialog: and still have power in reserve so
dialog: when these two cars come off the
dialog: last turn -
dialog: (moving packs still higher on
dialog: her thigh)
dialog: - the car in back can move out
text: of the draft and beat the lead car
dialog: to the finish line...
text: The ‘Sweet & Low’ pack is brought up short by the sheet which
text: covers that point where Claire’s thigh meets her groin. She
text: thoughtfully regards the racing manoeuvers on her leg.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: »..very interesting...
text: She suddenly bends her leg at the knee. The ‘Sweet & Low’
text: packs go flying. The gesture and her breathtaking leg have
text: the impact of a multi-car crash on Cole. Staring at her leg:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - I’m never gonna live long
dialog: enough -
text: (he jumps on Claire, kissing
dialog: her)
dialog: - to do this enough -
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. . 81.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: ~ is there anything else you ever
dialog: wanted to do besides race?
text: This momentarily puzzles Cole.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - wouldn’t know. I left school
dialog: when I was 16. I found out [I
dialog: could make a living at racing
dialog: about the same time I found out I
dialog: had to make a living -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - maybe you cught to go back to
dialog: school -
dialog: (Cole gives her a look)
dialog: - wellit is dangerous and you’re
text: just running around in circles.
dialog: (Cole laughs)
dialog: - what do you love so much about
dialog: it?
text: A long moment. Then very softly:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: ~ the speed..I want to control it,
dialog: I want to know it’s not just dumb
dialog: luck. I want to know that I can
dialog: control something that, that’s..
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - out of control.
text: With a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - yeah. How’d you know?
text: Claire continues to regard Cole warily.
speaker_heading: EXT COUNTRYSIDE (DAY) 174
text: Cole with Claire hanging onto his waist tools down the road
text: on his motorcycle. He’s moving at a leisurely pace, there
text: are meadows and woods and pastures, picturesque barns and
text: little towns that pass in the blink of an eye.
text: Cole turns off the road and into a hollow. Disappears.
scene_heading: ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE HOLLOW - EXT. LAKE HOUSE 175
text: men are at work baling hay. One of them turns and scowls
text: when he hears the motorcycle. It is Rowdy. The scowl
text: disappears. What replaces it almost passes for a smile.
text: Cole and Claire ride into SHOT.
text: Rowdy helps Claire off the bike.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: I’m surprised at a sensible gal
dialog: like you Dec, this guy can’t
dialog: hardly drive to dinner without
dialog: crashin’ everything on the road -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What’s he talking about?
text: Cole glares at Rowdy.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: (backtracking hastily)
dialog: - naa, just seems every time we
text: get around each other he runs into
dialog: somethin’ - he’s done it at least
dialog: eight times in ten races -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Claire - you gotta know he’s
dialog: lying. The man can’t count past
dialog: five.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Y¥’all got a few minutes? I/11
dialog: show you around.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (as they’re walking)
dialog: - we're here to see you - this is
dialog: a house call, you didn’t show up
dialog: for your physical -
text: This brings Rowdy up short.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Damn, I forgot.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You forgot?
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: You worried about me?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Of course he is.
text: Rowdy laughs.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Now doc, if you didn’t look the
dialog: way you do, I’d swear Cole got
dialog: you up here just to make sure he
text: gets back in his race car before
dialog: that new driver, Russ Wheeler,
dialog: takes it away from him -
text: Cole holds up his thumb.
dialog: 82.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989.
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Jump and I’11 catch you, buddy.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: He did run good the other day, you
dialog: gotta admit - Come on there’s
dialog: Loretta and the kids, you can help
dialog: em feed the fish. We got piranhas
dialog: down there -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - sure you do -
text: Rowdy points at a pond beneath where a young woman holding a
text: baby waves.
text: As they walk down the hill:
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Funny thing about that Cole, I
dialog: grew up and I hated farming, all I
dialog: wanted was to work on race cars,
dialog: then I got to racin’ - run into
dialog: Loretta -
dialog: (who hugs him)
dialog: - and now what I want is to. make *
dialog: enough money so I can work on a
dialog: farm!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: {to Loretta)
dialog: Very nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Nice to meet you, howdy Cole -
text: The older children are feeding the fish, background. Rowdy
text: checks out his baby, kissing it and making noises. Claire is
text: near the edge of the pond.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - don’t get within a foot of the
dialog: water, doc, them piranha can get
dialog: out, jump up on the bank -
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: {to Claire)
dialog: - them’re catfish -
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: ~ I seen ’em drag a goat in one
dialog: day -
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Rowdy you quit that -
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Hey you oughta see them birds come
text: flyin’ in the lake trying to catch
dialog: fish, first thing you know they’re
dialog: short legged -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 84.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Rowdy!
text: Rowdy laughs, as does everyone else. Claire throws her arm
text: around Cole’s waist. The two couples amble along the pond
text: side by side. Catfish skitter in the water. The sun throws
text: lengthening shadows on the meadow. Cricket sounds are in the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: _. (very happy)
dialog: - it is beautiful -
text: There’s a splash. Claire and Cole look to see Rowdy has
text: actually tripped and nearly fallen into the pond.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: {a little sheepish)
dialog: - sorry honey, if I’m not ona
dialog: racetrack I don’t always pay
dialog: attention to where I’m goin’ -
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Well, Rowdy, it’s easier ona
dialog: racetrack, all you gotta do is
dialog: keep turnin’ left.
speaker_heading: EXT LAKE NORMAN (DAY) 176
text: Rowdy’s kids skim and buck across the water on sea dcoo’s
text: (they look like sea-going motorcycles), racin’ and runnin’
text: around in circles.
text: Rowdy meanwhile propels his sleek scarab across the lake at
text: seventy miles an hour - with Claire, Loretta, and Cole on
text: board. They pass other speeding boats and water-skiers.
text: Claire says something to Rowdy.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: (above the engine roar)
dialog: ~ yep one way or another, we’re
dialog: always chasin’ after speed -
speaker_heading: EXT LAKE (TWILIGHT) 177
text: Mists are beginning to rise. Rowdy is puttering along,
text: barely above an idle as he points out places along the
dialog: shoreline:
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - that there’s our home on the
dialog: lake, just beyond, top of that
dialog: knoll we’re gonna build our
dialog: permanent home. [I got an option
dialog: on eight more acres that‘ll block
dialog: it off from the highway -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - cost much to build up there?
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 4 1990 “85.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: About ten million dollars,
dialog: Loretta‘s doin’ the buildin’ -
text: As usual he’s teasing. Then, proudly:
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: ~ she’s designin’ the house.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: We just want a place where no
dialog: one’s ever lived but us, idn’t
dialog: that right -
text: She breaks off when she sees Rowdy’s face. He's suddenly
text: pale and clammy and his eyelids are fluttering. He presses
text: his hands to his temples, like he’s trying to squash his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: - baby, what is it?
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: (reeling)
dialog: - think I’m seasick -
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Rowdy you never been seasick in
dialog: your life -
text: Rowdy passes out. His head hits the gunwhale before Loretta
dialog: can catch him.
scene_heading: INT LAKE HOUSE DEN (NIGHT) 178
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 4 1990 - 86.
scene_heading: ECU ROWDY’S RETINA
text: The network of veins are distended and throbbing, the pastel
text: pinks and light hues of Cole’s eye replaced by livid and
dialog: stormy ones. .
scene_heading: TWO SHOT CLAIRE AND ROWDY (INT. LAKEHOUSE DEN EVE)
text: as Claire pulls away from Rowdy’s eye and turns off the
text: opthaimoscope. Rowdy sits on the pool table - the room is
text: full of sports equipment and Rowdy’s racing trophies.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You didn’t forget about the
dialog: physical, did you?
text: Rowdy smirks and shrugs, a gesture both defiant and
dialog: pathetic.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - nobody in my family goes to a
dialog: doctor unless they’re dyin’ - just .
dialog: cos you ain’t feelin’ good, shit -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - all right, stand with you’re
dialog: feet together and close you eyes.
speaker_heading: CLOSE COLE
text: in a doorway between door and living reom, watching the dark
text: reprise of his own examination, appalled.
scene_heading: WITH CLAIRE & ROWDY
text: Rowdy promptly topples to his left. Claire catches him.
text: Rowdy’s tongue is protruding, a little saliva runs down
text: his chin. As he straightens up and wipes away the saliva,
text: his hands are trembling:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - we’ve got to get you back to
dialog: Daytona for an interval
dialog: assessment. Bill Wilhaire,
dialog: head of neurosurgery is my boss
dialog: and he’s as good as -
text: a toilet flushes. Rowdy looks o.s. Claire follows his
dialog: gaze:
scene_heading: COLE - INT. LAKE HOUSE
text: emerges from the bathroom looking deathly pale. Rowdy
text: points to Cole.
dialog: 179
dialog: *
dialog: + tee
dialog: ee
dialog: *
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 4 1990
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 86A.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - you get sick in there?
dialog: (a triumphant smile, to
dialog: Claire)
dialog: How about that? He got sick.
dialog: You are one hell of a candy
dialog: ass, Cole. I faint and you throw
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Rowdy! it’s imperative you get
dialog: to Daytona Memorial and see Dr.
dialog: Wilhaire. I can’t be responsible
dialog: for what happens if you’re not
dialog: seen right away..
dialog: oe
speaker_heading: ee eS
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 87.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION SCREEN
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS
dialog: - I’m Bob Jenkins and welcome to
dialog: Speedweek - Tim Daland the city
text: Chervolet dealer with the uncanny
dialog: eye for racing talent will take
dialog: the unusual step of running a
dialog: second car, He has attracted
dialog: another major sponsor in Hardee’s,
dialog: his new driver will be Russ
dialog: Wheeler who stood in so
dialog: impressively for Cole Trickle
dialog: after his Daytona crash, and his
dialog: new crew chief, Waddell Slutes,
dialog: idle now since Rowdy Burns has
dialog: been unable to come back from that
dialog: same Daytona crash.
text: SHOTS of Cole and Harry and Daland celebrating past triumphs
text: in victory lane, of Wheeler getting out of the Trickle car
text: and being congratulated. Jarrett interviewing Waddell and
text: Wheeler and Daland who are gathered around a spanking new
dialog: Hardee/Chevrolet Lumina.
scene_heading: REACTION COLE AND HARRY ~- GARAGE 180
text: at Harry’s garage. Cole is on the phone, Harry has been
text: supervising work on the car. Both are watching the set.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: - hey, he won’t return my calls
dialog: either.
scene_heading: WITH CLAIRE AT DAYTONA MEMORIAL - INT. 181
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Well somebody better talk him into
dialog: coming down here. He’s almost
dialog: certainly hemorrhaging, the longer
dialog: he ignores it the more damage’1l
dialog: be done to his brain -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (acutely uncomfortable)
dialog: He doesn’t want to see me!..as
text: long as nobody looks at him again,
dialog: he can call it just a headache..
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Listen to that horseshit -
text: Cole glances back to the screen. Daland is talking in
text: response to a Ned Jarrett question.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 88.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: ~ of course I believe it’s
dialog: possible to maintain the integrity
dialog: and independence of these two race
dialog: teams or I wouldn’t do it, Ned.
speaker_heading: WITH CLAIRE
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: ~ he’s your friend, Cole -
speaker_heading: WITH COLE
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: We've spent most of our friendship
text: trying to knock each other off,
dialog: we’re not that close!..I’m
dialog: sorry, honey I’11 do what I -
text: There’s a click. She’s obviously hung up on him. Cole
text: stares at Russ Wheeler on the t.v.
speaker_heading: RUSS *
dialog: I am as big a fan as ever of Cole
dialog: Trickle’s, no driver’s
dialog: accomplished so much in such a
dialog: short time and -
dialog: (turning to CAMERA)
dialog: I‘’ll continue to root for you,
dialog: Cole in every race to come on in
dialog: in second place -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (disgusted, to the set)
dialog: Who/1l you be rootin’ for come
dialog: Sunday, Tim?
dialog: (to Cole)
dialog: I don’t like this. If we’re not
dialog: real careful they’re gonna form a
dialog: coop against us.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: The word is coup, Harry.
dialog: (looks at Harry)
dialog: coo - not everything involves
dialog: cars, you know.
text: Cole turns back te the set and flips the channel, leaving
text: Harry more than a little surprised. He waits for more but
text: Cole is glued to the set. He’s flipped to a Barbary Coast
text: movie, set in a lush gambling establishment. The croupier at
text: a roulette wheel urges everyone to place their bets, then
text: spins the white ball. It goes round and round in its groove
text: on the slowly spinning wheel like a car around a track. Cole
text: is captured by the image, watching intently as camera moves
text: in on the wheel and the spinning ball and the voice, ‘round
text: and round she goes and where she stops - ’
speaker_heading: CLOSE COLE
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 89.
dialog: fascinated.
speaker_heading: CROUPIER’S VOICE
dialog: - nobody knows..
scene_heading: EXT RACE TRACK (DAY) EXT. TRACK C
text: The Cole Trickle car speeds along the oval. There are no
text: other cars immediately in sight.
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: - these new tires are terrible,
dialog: you shoulda put on scuffs -
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: You’re doin’ good, Cole, you’re a
dialog: straightaway ahead of everybody
dialog: else -
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: - feels like I’m gonna spin out -
scene_heading: HARRY IN THE PITS “ = PITS
text: shakes his head. He doesn’t like what he’s hearing.
scene_heading: RUSS WHEELER - TRACK
text: _in his car breaks through the pack.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - Wheeler’s got by the nine car,
dialog: he’s comin’ up on your inside..°
scene_heading: INT COLE’S CAR REAR MIRROR
text: He looks and spots Wheeler’s car filling the frame.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - if he wants past, let him go.
dialog: It’s too early in the race to
dialog: fight for it...
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - sure. If he wants past, let him
dialog: go -
text: There’s just enough room on the inside for Wheeler to
text: squeeze through. He starts. Cole closes it just a hair.
text: Wheeler scrapes up nearly even but can’t quite get through.
text: Cole inches back ahead.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE TRACK
text: Cole and Russ Wheeler are side-by-side, running wheel to
dialog: wheel.
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. : 90.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: - this is one of those gruelling
dialog: door-handle to door~handle lap
dialog: after lap duels that neither
text: driver seems able to win. Trickle
text: gets ahead in the turns and
text: Wheeler catches up on the
dialog: straightaway -
speaker_heading: BENNY PARSONS
dialog: - doesn’t make a bit of sense to
dialog: me, Ned. To fight like this with
dialog: three hundred laps to go - it’s
dialog: the kind of duel that nobody
dialog: wins ~
text: Harry spits into the radio:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - you ease up right now, hear?
dialog: What the hell’s wrong with you?
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE ‘ 187
text: in a sweat. He’s blinking and shaking his head. Mute and
text: distort sound. Wheeler’s car seems about to break through
text: Cole’s passenger window. The wall looms up ahead. Harry’s
text: voice coming through the radio sounds like gibberish. Cole
text: can’t stand it. He pops in the clutch and floors it.
scene_heading: THE TACHOMETER . +
text: zooms into and through the redline.
speaker_heading: ENGINE PARTS
text: burst and whine, oil spews and hits the road.
speaker_heading: EXT PITS 188
text: Harry hurries up to Cole who limps in with his smoking
dialog: machine.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - what happened?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - the engine blew -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (obviously)
dialog: - how?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - ifm not a fucking mechanic,
dialog: Harry!
text: Cole storms out of the pits.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 91.
scene_heading: REACTION DALAND - PITS
text: lowering binoculars, looking grim.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0O.
dialog: - well that’s the third time in as
dialog: many weeks the Cole Trickle car is
dialog: not going to finish a race, awful
dialog: lot of bad luck, Benny Parsons -
speaker_heading: INT CAR HARRY
text: pushes a button on the tachometer. The readout shows the car
text: red-lined at 10,200 rpm. Harry quickly pushes another button
text: and erases the read-out.
scene_heading: INT SUPER FLO SEMI TRUCK SITTING AREA (DAY)
text: Cole is on the phone still in his racing suit. He’s
text: surrounded by crew members changing into street clothes.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (into phone} ‘
dialog: - yeah well I’m in Georgia today
dialog: and he’s in North Carolina,
dialog: Claire..
dialog: (more softly)
dialog: +»Z need to see you too..
speaker_heading: REACTION HARRY
text: outside the doorway, watching.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (heading. into room)
dialog: Cole in there?
text: Harry stops him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: He could use a little privacy.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (worried)
dialog: What’s wrong with him?
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: He’s on the phone.
text: Several crew members come out of the sitting room. Obviously
text: Cole’s phone conversation is not completely private.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (angry) |
dialog: I’m not gonna repeat the question,
dialog: Harry. What’s wrong with him?
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989.
dialog: 
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Nothin’. It was the engine -
dialog: crawled up.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Last week it was the chassis -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I’1l1 tell you what’s wrong in this
dialog: deal It’s you, Tim. You are a
dialog: victim of your own goddam
dialog: creation -
dialog: (right into him)
dialog: Two race teams. That’s one too
text: Many roosters in the hen house.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: Doedn’t seem to bother Russ
dialog: Wheeler.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hell no. Ever since that Daytona
dialog: crash Cole’s been called a \.
dialog: troublemaker, Wheeler figures he
dialog: can bump and bam Cole all he
dialog: wants.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: I don’t see Russ doing anything
dialog: like that:"- NASCAR don’t see Russ
dialog: doing anything like that.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: oh, then I guess it ain’t
text: happening. Not under the watchful
dialog: eyes of experts like you and
dialog: NASCAR.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (furious)
dialog: I’11 tell you what is happening.
dialog: Cole’s not runnin’ good, he’s not
dialog: lookin’ good - and now he’s got
dialog: sponsor trouble.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: {just as angry)
dialog: But you don’t, is that it?
dialog: Daland has gone further than he intended.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: - as far as that goes, no I don’t.
dialog: But I want to keep the sponsor
dialog: and Cole - he’s the one that
dialog: really made this happen for us,
dialog: and I haven’t forgotten, Harry -
text: Daland turns abruptly and leaves.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 93.
text: Harry looks back in on Cole who is simply sitting and staring
text: at the phone.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: You were on with the doc?
dialog: (Cole nods)
dialog: - fightin’?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (miserable)
dialog: I’m not. She says she’s too
dialog: busy to see me. She probably is.
dialog: Face it, she’s a serious person.
dialog: She’s got a serious job -
text: Cole abruptly rises and walks out of the sitting room,
text: leaving Harry staring at the phone.
scene_heading: EXT RACE TRACK (DAY) - ATLANTA 192
text: Claire Lewicki is being driven through the arriving crowds,
dialog: in all their astonishing variety and number. ‘
scene_heading: BOB JENKINS V.0O. -
dialog: - once again, welcome to Winston
dialog: Cup racing and the Atlanta Journal
dialog: 500, the last race of the year and
dialog: one that will see the crowning of
dialog: this year’s Winston Cup Champion -
speaker_heading: EXT PIT LANE (DAY) 193
text: Buck Bretherton leads Claire who is now pinned with all her
text: pit roa@ credentials, to Harry by the truck.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ~ thanks for comin’ doc, Cole’s
dialog: been waitin’ on you all day -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Driver’s meetin’.
text: He walks Claire toward the roof of an open building where
text: Cole and the other drivers are getting their last minute
text: instructions. Cole appears tense as he listens, Russ Wheeler
text: makes a point of yawning where Cole can catch it, see Wheeler
text: pointedly stretching and relaxed.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Has Cole seen Rowdy yet?
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 94.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: - it’s like I tele you on the
dialog: Phone, Cole’s no different from
dialog: these other guys. They don’t like
dialog: to be reminded what can happen to
text: ‘em in a race car.
dialog: (quietly pointing)
dialog: - see that fellow? His daddy
dialog: Buddy Bretherton was the king of
dialog: stock cars. Hero to these
dialog: drivers. He was also the only
dialog: driver at his funeral. You get a
dialog: driver to a funeral before he’s
dialog: actually dead and you’ve made
dialog: history, doc =<
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - we’re not talking about a
dialog: funeral, if anything we/re talking
dialog: about preventing one -
speaker_heading: NASCAR OFFICIAL N
dialog: {finishing up)
dialog: -potential sponsors are in the
dialog: stands, so let’s keep it clean -
text: Cole has spotted Claire as the meeting breaks up. He hurries
text: over and is so happy to see her he doesn’t quite know what to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Is it bad luck to kiss somebody
dialog: before a race?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (regretfully)
dialog: ~ yeah it is, I better handle
dialog: this, Cole -
text: Harry starts to put his arms around Claire. Cole grabs
text: Claire and plants a big kiss on her as Harry cackles and
text: other passing drivers shout cheers of encouragement and
dialog: approval.
text: Wheeler meanwhile sees that Cole is suddenly relaxed. He’s
dialog: not thrilled.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (to both men)
dialog: - this is my first race.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: We'll make it a good one.
speaker_heading: THE YELLOW FLAG 194
text: is waving. Shots of the action below:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 95.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0O.
dialog: ~- we’re under caution here at the
dialog: Atlanta 400 and after 392 laps the
dialog: leaders are: Dale Earnhardt, Cole
dialog: Trickle, Rusty Wallace, Ricky Rudd
dialog: and Russ Wheeler -
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.0.
text: Harry Hogge and his pit crew seem
dialog: to have that Superflo Chevy
text: running effortlessly for a
dialog: change -
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0O.
dialog: ~ well it also seems Trickle’s
dialog: concentrating on all 40 drivers
dialog: today and not just Russ Wheeler,
dialog: it does make a difference -
scene_heading: EXT PIT ROAD 195
text: Harry glances at an eager and excited Claire. He winks -
dialog: it’s going good. 5
text: Cole ducks into pit road. Wheeler squeezes in behind him.
dialog: In that no-man’s land between the track and the road Wheeler
text: bumps Cole.
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE 196
text: reacts, looks through his rear view mirror.
scene_heading: INT CAR WHEELER 197
dialog: waves as if to say, ‘sorry’.
scene_heading: EXT PIT AREA HARRY 198
text: has reacted to the bumping. Claire watches.
text: Cole’s pit and Wheeler’s pit are adjacent, with Wheeler’s in
text: front of Cole’s. When Cole jets in, Wheeler pulls up in
text: front and deliberately parks wide.
text: When Cole tries to leave the pit his exit is blocked by the
text: bumper of Wheeler’s car still being serviced. In a fury Cole
text: has to back up but in that half-second Wheeler pulls out in
text: front of Cole as do two other drivers. Buck is beside
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (in his own heavy Southern
dialog: accent)
dialog: - that no account red neck son-of-
dialog: a-bitch -
text: Harry glares across the pits at Daland who is with Wheeler’s
text: crew, Daland looks sheepish and shrugs as if to say it was
dialog: an accident.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 96.
text: ON THE RACE TRACK
text: Cole is now running fifth position, behind Wheeler and
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: ~- a very costly pit stop for Cole
dialog: Trickle, going in second and ,
dialog: coming out fifth with 6 laps to
dialog: go -
speaker_heading: BENNY PARSONS
dialog: - through no fault of his own,
dialog: Ned, Russ Wheeler pitting wide
text: pinned Trickle to the wall,
dialog: wouldn’t you say -
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: - well nobody ever accused race
dialog: car drivers of bein’ good at
dialog: parallel parking, Benny Parsons -
speaker_heading: EXT TRACK ss 199
text: Cole threads his way back through traffic, going high on the
text: outside of Rudd, nearly scraping the wall, then diving down
text: on the inside pinching by Wallace and Wheeler who was in
text: third position. He draws virtually even with the leader.
text: The crowd roars approval.
text: Claire with Harry is exhilarated.
speaker_heading: AT THE STRIPE 200
text: The white flag is dropped.
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE 201
text: inches into the lead. He glances into his rear view mirror.
text: Wheeler breaks in it. Cole breaks out in an instant sweat.
text: Mute Sound. There’s a rattling that seems to fill the entire
text: cockpit. Cole glances around frantically.
scene_heading: WITH HARRY AND CLAIRE . - PIT 202
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: - my rear bumper’s loose -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - nobedy touched your rear
dialog: bumper, Cole -
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: - then it’s the quarter panel
dialog: something’s loose, Harry!
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 97.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (deadly calm)
dialog: - check your spare goggles,
text: they’re taped to the roll cage -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Something wrong?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (downplaying it)
dialog: - sometimes when these boys run
text: out front they start hearing
dialog: things, it’s nothin’ -
text: Claire’s not altogether reassured.
speaker_heading: INT CAR COLE 203
text: has found the flapping goggles to his huge relief. He’s
text: about to say something when he sees Wheeler very large in his
text: rear view mirror.
text: Wheeler barely touches Cole’s bumper on the last. turn.
text: Cole reacts, jerks the wheel too sharply, and spins. He goes
text: into the wall and comes off it with two flat tires - just a
text: couple of hundred yards from the finish.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: - what a shame -
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.0.
dialog: - didn’t seem like there was much
dialog: contact, Ned - |
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: - well sometimes it doesn’t take
dialog: that much, Benny.
scene_heading: EXT PIT ROAD 204
text: Claire watches Harry as he’s leapt into the adjacent pit and
dialog: is nose to nose with Daland:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ~ Russ Wheeler don’t deserve to
dialog: win Tim, and if Nascar won’t call
dialog: it low down, shit-ass racin’, you
dialog: better -
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (eyeing the two hostile crews
dialog: nervously)
dialog: - it was just racin’, Harry. Cole
dialog: overreacted ~
speaker_heading: COLE - PIT 205
text: meanwhile has made it to the pits, car smoking and two tires
text: flat. He pekes his head threugh the webbing:
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 98.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Change my tires.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (confused)
dialog: - what for? The race is over,
dialog: Cole.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Change _ my tires.
text: The crew changes Cole’s tires. He zooms back on the track.
text: Claire watches, puzzled.
scene_heading: INT CAR WHEELER 206
text: is in the middle of his leisurely victory lap when he looks
text: into his rear view mirror. He screams.
speaker_heading: COLE - TRACK 207
text: rear ends Wheeler and plows him into the wall, leaving both
text: cars in a tangled and smoking heap. NASCAR officials come
dialog: running.
scene_heading: HARRY AND DALAND - PIT 208
text: turn from each other, stare at the wreck. As it dawns on
dialog: him:
speaker_heading: DALAND .
dialog: He’s..destroyed..both..my..cars!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You done that, you greedy used
dialog: car salesman -
text: That does it. Fist fights between the two crews break out.
text: Harry and Daland get knocked to the ground.
text: As they’re lying side by side, trying to keep from getting
dialog: pummelled:
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: - he’s fired, you’re fired, you’re
dialog: all fired, you hear me?
text: Harry trying hard to ward off blows, nods.
scene_heading: EXT HIGHWAY RENT-A-CAR (DAY) 209
text: moving along with the leisurely flow of Sunday traffic.
scene_heading: INT CAR COLE AND CLAIRE (MOVING) 210
text: seat belts buckled. Both stare quietly ahead. They might
dialog: have been travelling for days. They might have been together
text: for years. Cole spots the airport turn-cff and makes it.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 99,
scene_heading: EXT ATLANTA TERMINAL 211
text: Cole pulis up in a busy loading zone. He reaches over and
text: opens the door for Claire.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Well, thanks for coming -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Where are you going from here?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Drop the rent-a-car off, catch the
dialog: flight to Charlotte -
text: He shrugs helplessly.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Would you..like me to come with
dialog: you?
text: Cole is surprised. It momentarily conceals his pleasure.
text: A cab pulls up
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: COLE ‘
dialog: Don’t you have to be at the
dialog: hospital?
text: behind them. Honks. Claire moves close to
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: We could call this a medical
dialog: emergency.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (a trifle defensive)
dialog: - it’s not. I mean there’s
dialog: nothin’ wrong with me...
text: The cab honks again.
dialog: This brings up
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: We could also..try to see Rowdy.
text: Cole sharply.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Oh. Yeah.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Anything wrong with that?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Of course not. I guess I’d
dialog: forgotten about that.
dialog: ee See
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 100.
speaker_heading: CLATRE
dialog: (unavoidably pointed)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: So it’s a medical emergency after
dialog: all. Why didn’t you just say so?
text: The cab honks three times. Without looking back Cole flips
text: the cab driver the finger. The cab driver responds by giving
text: Cole’s rear bumper a tap. It is a replay of Wheeler’s tap,
text: and Cole flies into a rage. He jams the car into reverse and
text: slams into the cab.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Cole!..
text: Before she can say anything Cole has rammed the car into
text: forward, screeches ahead ten yards and jams it back into
text: reverse. The cab driver’s eyes pop open. he sees it coming
text: and peels out into traffic before Cole can hit him again.
text: Cole takes off after him, Claire having a hard time closing
dialog: her door. ‘
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Let me out of this car, Cole...
dialog: (Cole doesn’t answer)
dialog: - let me out of the car. Let me
dialog: out or I’m getting out -
text: Cole clips the suitcase of some poor guy who’s just taken it
text: out of his trunk. It bursts open and clothes and toilet
text: articles go flying everywhere. This slows Cole momentarily.
text: Claire throws open the passenger door and is going to leap.
text: Cole grabs her and tries to slam the door shut, Claire fights
dialog: to keep it open:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Let me out!
text: Cole siams on the brakes. Claire leaps out of the car. Cole
text: tries to back up. She finds the stairs and starts to the
text: lower level. Cole abandons the car and takes off after her -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - wait, just wait -
text: Cole leaps the railing and drops to the ground right in front
dialog: of her.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Get away or I’11l call the police -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You‘’ll what?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: — Ss
speaker_heading: SS SFr
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. . 101.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You heard me.
text: She turns and walks away. Cole hesitates, then takes off
text: after her. As they walk side by side:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Okay, call the police. I’m not
dialog: leaving till you talk to me.
text: They walk a few more steps.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I’ve got nothing to say.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Well I do.
text: Claire stops on a dime. She turns to him. With deadly
dialog: force:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Okay, great. Let’s hear it.
text: Cole tries to work his mouth but nothing comes out.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: That’s it? Fine.
text: She turns to go again. Cole grabs her. The look she gives
text: him makes him release her immediately.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You shouldn’t be driving a car
dialog: anywhere - not on the road, not on
text: a race track and not in a parking
dialog: lot. You are selfish and you are
dialog: crazy and you are scared —-
speaker_heading: COLE .
dialog: I’m not scared -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (almost shouting)
dialog: You are scared to death.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You and Rowdy have the same
dialog: sickness - it’s called denial, and
dialog: it’s probably going to kill you
dialog: both.
text: She turns away and gets about ten steps. Can’t stand it and
text: marches back.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You want to control something
dialog: that’s out of control, that’s what
dialog: you said to me wasn’t it?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 102.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (cont’d)
dialog: Well I’m going to let you in ona
dialog: secret that almost everybody else
dialog: in the world automatically knows -
dialog: control is an illusion, you
dialog: infantile egomaniac. Nobody knows
dialog: what’s going to happen next - not
text: on the freeway, not in an
dialog: airplane, not inside our own
dialog: bodies, and certainly not on a
dialog: racetrack with 40 other infantile
dialog: egomaniacs. Nobody knows and
dialog: nobody controls anything - you've
dialog: gotten a glimpse of that and
dialog: you’re scared. You may not have
dialog: the courage to race anymore. You
dialog: may never have had it - Oh God, I
dialog: hate you for this you son of a
dialog: bitch! You've made me sound like
dialog: a doctor -
text: She spits this last out, near tears and walks away.
text: Cole slouches back into his car.
scene_heading: EXT LAUNDROMAT-DRY CLEANERS (DAY) 212
text: Cole’s bike is parked outside an establishment off the
text: highway and on the edge of town. He slouches out of the
text: place carrying a couple of brown paper laundry bags, sporting
text: a three day growth of beard and wearing clothes that look
text: like he’s been in them three days. He’s a mess. He ties the
text: laundry bags onto his bike with bungy cords, or starts to.
text: He walks over and leans on a fence at the edge of the
dialog: laundromat.
speaker_heading: BELOW HIM 213
text: is an abandoned football field. It’s one of those all
text: purpose places - soccer goals as well as dilapidated goal
text: posts sprout from a field of dirty weeds and dying grass.
text: Two kids in beat up old cars are racin’, digging a loose oval
text: with their tires from goal post to goal post, yelling at each
text: other, frammin’ and bammin’ all over the place, and having a
text: hell of a time ~ cheered on by a couple of girls and their
text: buddies from the sidelines. Cole watches as the eager
text: drivers keep going back and forth, round and round, back and
dialog: forth, round and round...
speaker_heading: EXT MEADOW (DAY) ‘ 214
text: Rowdy’s at work on a hay baling machine, back to CAMERA.
text: He’s chewing headache tablets (the meadow is littered with
text: Goody’s wrappers.) Rowdy turns off the machine. He presses
text: his hands to his temples. In the silence there’s a familiar
text: sound coming up through the hollow. Rowdy doesn’t turn
text: toward the sound. He waits for it to reach him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 103.
speaker_heading: COLE 215
text: shuts down his motorcycle and stares at Rowdy’s back. It’s
text: almost as if he’s afraid to see his face.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: {without turning)
dialog: Hear you’re out of a job.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - yep.
scene_heading: INT DEN ROWDY’S LAKE HOUSE (DAY) 216
text: Amid lengthening shadows Rowdy wanders around, chewing more
text: Goody’s headache powders and drinking a beer. Cole lounges
text: on a sofa, under a row of racing trophies on a table behind
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: You’re not looking too good.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Neither are you.
text: Rowdy smiles but it’s more of a grimace because of the pain
text: he’s in. He pops another headache tablet.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: How many of those things you chew
dialog: every day?
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Like you said I can’t count past
dialog: five. What you come here for
dialog: anyway?
text: Cole pulls out a pair of airline tickets and tosses them on
text: the table next to the trophies.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Take you to the hospital.
text: Rowdy smirks.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Drummin’ up business for your lady
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Can’t drive unless you go.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Ifn it’d been anybody but a damn
dialog: woman doctor I’da been back on the
dialog: track weeks ago -
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 104.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Shit I’ve raced with my legs
dialog: broke, my heart bruised, eyes
dialog: popped outta my head like they was
dialog: on springs, this’1l go away like
dialog: anything else - far as I’m
dialog: concerned I’m gonna live forever
dialog: unless I go to some damn hospital
dialog: where they take off your shoes,
dialog: make you shut your eyes, and bang
dialog: you're dead.
text: Cole nods. He rises, indicates a trophy next to a rack with
text: golf clubs and a couple of basebali bats.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What’d you win this for?
text: Rowdy stares. He obviously doesn’t know.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Doesn’t it say?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Yeah - it’s the Winston Cup,
dialog: buddy. Well hell, that’s an easy
dialog: one to forget. What’s your name
dialog: or has that slipped your mind?
text: Rowdy turns away. Cole picks a baseball bat out of the rack.
text: He slams it hard into the table. The trophies jump and Rowdy
dialog: does too.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Okay, we can fix your head here or
dialog: down there, what’s it gonna be?
speaker_heading: EXT DAYTONA MEMORIAL (DAY) 217
text: Claire is waiting for the two men who make their way up the
text: steps to her.
scene_heading: INT HOSPITAL COLE 218
text: sits in a visitors’ area, mechanically glancing through the
text: sports pages. He spots coverage of his Atlanta race and
text: commentary on his firing, quickly turns the page.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE’S VOICE
dialog: Rowdy would like to see you.
text: She looks directly at Cole who doesn’t exactly meet her gaze.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: TT SExy SS
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 105.
speaker_heading: : CLAIRE
dialog: I think he wants to tell you
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: INT HOSPITAL ROOM (DAY) 219
dialog: Cole comes in
text: with Claire. Rowdy’s in bed.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Well, the doc here says I need
dialog: minor brain surgery.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: That’s not exactly how I put it.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - listen, any surgery on his brain
dialog: is bound to be minor.
text: All three laugh. Then there’s an uncomfortable silence.
text: Claire regards both men carefully. Cole won’t look at her.
speaker_heading: ROWDY .
dialog: Listen doc, can I talk to this guy
dialog: a second?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Of course -
dialog: (she touches Cole, he nearly
dialog: jumps)
dialog: - can I get you a cup of coffee?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Oh no thank you anyway -
text: Still he won’t look directly at her. She shows her
text: disappointment, then leaves. After a moment:
text: Cole nods.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: They say I busted a blood vessel
dialog: in my brain...
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - so they wanna drill a hole in my
dialog: head, ha, ha, get rid of the leaky
dialog: blood...
dialog: (very directly)
dialog: You reckon I should let ‘em, Cole?
text: Cole is shocked. It’s clear Rowdy’s going to depend heavily
text: on Cole’s answer.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: - yeah.
speaker_heading: —
speaker_heading: See SEO
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 106.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: You’d let ‘em if it was you.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I would.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Okay..then I gotta ask you to do
dialog: somethin’.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Hell, name it.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Drive my car.
text: Cole looks like he’s been smacked in the face.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What‘/re you talking about?
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Daytona. s
text: Cole moves over to Rowdy’s bedside.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - you’ve got plenty of time to get
dialog: ready for Daytona, Rowdy. You
dialog: don’t need me ~
text: Rowdy suddenly grips Cole’s arm and holds on tight. His
dialog: voice is thick:
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: I ain’t too sure how I’m gonna
dialog: - come outta this deal, okay!..
text: (releases his grip on Cole,
dialog: his voice is very low)
dialog: +. lost my sponsor. I got a
dialog: lotta land and a lotta plans that
dialog: ain’t paid for. I’m a jackass.
dialog: If somethin’ happened now Loretta
dialog: wouldn’t be left with a pot to pee
dialog: in or a window to throw it out..
text: Rowdy’s eyes well up. He’s deeply ashamed and can’t look at
dialog: Cole.
speaker_heading: ROWDY .
dialog: ».SO..a good run at Daytona, all
dialog: that network t.v. shit - it’s the
dialog: place to pick a sponsor back up,
dialog: you know?
text: Cole nods.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 107.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - but geez, Rowdy. There’s plenty
dialog: ef other drivers. You don’t need
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Don’t give me that mealy mouthed
dialog: shit you son of a-‘bitch. You know
dialog: what you are! you got balls that
dialog: “big and on any given Sunday you’re
dialog: liable to be the best driver on
dialog: the track, me included. I want
dialog: the best for my family. My
dialog: money‘’s good. Don’t bullshit me,
dialog: Cole. Is there some other reason
dialog: I ain’t good enough for you to
dialog: drive for?
text: Cole can’t trust himself to speak. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Then you’ll do it?
text: Cole nods. Rowdy heaves a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: Shit man, you had me goin’. Now
dialog: let’s get down to business.
dialog: What’s your deal with Daland?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: -.oh..hell..we’ll work it out.
dialog: Could you excuse me a second?
scene_heading: EXT ROWDY’S HOSPITAL ROOM 220
text: Cole makes it out the door and into the wall, pressing his
text: forehead up against it, Claire comes up immediately.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Cole, what’s wrong?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (his face to the wall)
dialog: Nothing..he’s fine..he’s gonna do
dialog: it. He’s gonna have the
dialog: operation.
text: Cole can’t quite suppress the stomach spasms.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Then what’s wrong?..
text: (she continues to stare at
text: him and starts to become
dialog: unglued herself)
dialog: - please look at me...I’m
dialog: sorry..I’m sorry for everything I
dialog: said to you,:it was awful..
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989, 108.
text: Cole turns to her. His face is tear streaked.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: It was accurate.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Would you kiss me?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (near tears herself)
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - nothin’. Nothin’. nothin’..
dialog: tell Rowdy I’11 call him..
text: He hurries down the hospital corridor and out of sight,
text: leaving Claire standing there helpless and confused and
text: thoroughly miserable. Then it strikes her. She turns slowly
text: and gazes at the door leading to Rowdy’s room. ~
scene_heading: INT DAYTONA AIRPORT (NIGHT) 221
text: Cole, carry on over shoulder hands over his boarding pass and
text: goes up the accordion jetway. There’s a clatter behind him.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: - I don’t have one, I’m a doctor,
dialog: I have to see somebody -
text: Cole ducks back down. Claire comes into view, out of breath
text: in her hospital whites and staring directly up at him.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Are you going to do it? Rowdy
dialog: said you are..are you?..
text: She looks so unhinged that Cole comes back down the ramp,
text: drops his carry on.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - yeah.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (flabbergasted)
dialog: - you mean you actually want to
dialog: drive Rowdy’s car?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I don’t want to drive any car.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 109.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (with growing desperation)
dialog: Then tell him, Cole. Tell him the
dialog: truth before this goes any
dialog: further. You’re not up to it.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: He won‘’t believe it.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Of course he will. Just -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (grabbing her by the
dialog: shoulders)
text: He’s a suspicious redneck and he’s
dialog: too goddam tough, Claire. He
dialog: won’t believe I’m a coward. He‘ll
dialog: just think I’m a liar.
text: There’s a final boarding call.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - look, he’s trying to protect his
dialog: family the best way he knows how..
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Then I’11 tell him it’s not the
dialog: best way -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Do that and he’1l call you a
text: liar. Then he’1l walk out of
dialog: that hospital without the
dialog: operation...
text: Claire barely nods. She knows Cole’s right. She starts to
text: cry. The boarding call again.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Would you give me a kiss?
text: She does, and fervently. Cole then rushes up the ramp and
text: out of sight.
dialog: Jan 19 1990 110.
scene_heading: EXT. HARRY’S BARN (DAY) 222
text: There are the grazing cows and the rusted race cars as
text: first seen by Tim Daland. Harry chuckles and shakes his *
dialog: head. -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to Buck and his cronies) *
dialog: No, no, nossir! Can’t use ‘en,
dialog: don’t want ‘em, and couldn’t
dialog: afford ‘em if I did.
text: Harry doesn’t appear to hear Cole enter because he is *
text: preoccupied with the tractor”. and his friends. *
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What the hell are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Race car drivers - I know all
dialog: about you and Rowdy Burns. I
dialog: ain‘t settin’ up that car for
dialog: Daytona or anywhere else Cole, but
dialog: you’re welcome to come on in. ‘\
dialog: We’ll break out the moonshine,
dialog: start tellin’ lies and callin’ up
dialog: the women - but no talk a’
dialog: racin’.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: -okay, no talk about racing.
scene_heading: INT. HARRY‘S HARRY & COLE 223
text: and a few good ol’ boys from neighboring farms, along with
text: Buck are listening as Harry holds forth - there are empty
dialog: long neck beer bottles, Wild Turkey fifths, even a stray
text: Mason jar or two - with maraschino cherry pits spewed into
text: coffee cans and styrofoam cups.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - so anyway. there was this coal
dialog: mine I believed was gonna make me
dialog: rich, it was sold to me so good,
dialog: hell I proceeded to go up in the
dialog: mountains and get in on this coal
dialog: mine..
text: Buck’s eyes roll up into his head and he glances over at Cole
dialog: - they’ve heard this one before. During this camera circles
text: the room going over memorabilia past the windows which are
text: now dark and back into the room which is now empty except for
dialog: Harry and one good ol boy who is having a hard time making it
dialog: to the end of Harry’s tale: :
text: Meanwhile Buck and Cole are going over some memorabilia and
text: Harry is having a hard time ignoring them. Cole holds a
text: photo of a young man who looks like a sophisticated version
text: of Buck sitting on a railing staring at Harry. Cole laughs.
dialog: Jan 19 1990 110A.
text: The young man’s chic coat is around Marry’ s shoulders,
text: European style. The young man holds a cigarette in his mouth
text: European style. Harry’s looking up trying to hold a
text: cigarette in his mouth the same way.
dialog: Jan 14 1990
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: | What’s going on here?
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: (continuing but acutely aware
dialog: of Buck and Cole)
dialog: ~ now these mountains had been
dialog: worked out for fifty years don’t
dialog: you know -
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I believe my Pappy was trying to
dialog: teach Harry to smoke like an
dialog: Italian -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: He wasn’t teachin’ me to smoke
dialog: like an Italian. He was teachin’
dialog: me to smoke like a Frenchman.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (another photo)
dialog: When was this?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: ~ probably nineteen seventy three
dialog: at the t.v. station after Harry
dialog: and Pappy won their second Grand
dialog: National -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: They call that a dog and pony
dialog: show~
text: Harry can’t stand it. He spotted the photo.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That was nine-teen seventy-five
dialog: and it was our third Grand
dialog: National, goddam it!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Sorry Harry -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - it’s just that it’s tough enough
dialog: to hear the truth about Buddy -
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (nods)
dialog: ~ anyway I’m gonna take off -
speaker_heading: GOOD OL BoY
dialog: - me too Harry —-
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 14 1990 112.
text: Buck and Cole exchange a quick look and Buck glides on off.
text: In a moment Cole and Harry are alone, Cole surrounded by
text: photos of Buddy Bretherton. Both he & Harry have been
text: drinking heavily but it doesn’t show except for a certain
text: squinty-eyed intensity.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Why won’t you set up the car?
text: Harry sits down abruptly.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: When you come out with the truth
dialog: it has to come out like it is or I
dialog: don’t want to tell it..
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Okay. Tell the truth.
speaker_heading: i HARRY
dialog: - ever since you and Rowdy crashed \
dialog: \ at Daytona and Rowdy got sick,
dialog: . you been waitin’ for the other
dialog: ’ shoe to drop, waitin’ on somethin’
dialog: bad to happen to you... maybe if
dialog: youda got busted up in that race
dialog: youda been better off ~ but you
dialog: just couldn't see nothin’ for a
dialog: few hours and you been worried
dialog: about what you can’t see ever
dialog: since. You been hearin’ things in
dialog: the car.. Say, Buddy Bretherton
dialog: started hearin’ voices. All
dialog: Kinds of ‘em.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: Jan 16 1990. / 113.
speaker_heading: HARRY (cont/’d)
dialog: Everywhere - Atlanta, Richmond,
dialog: Wilkesboro, and all of ‘em only
dialog: had but one thing to say -
dialog: (in a ghostly voice) _
dialog: ‘get ouuut of that raaace carr!.‘
text: Harry chuckles. Then:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (cont’d)
dialog: You pegged the engine at Atlanta,
dialog: red-lined the sumbitch. and blew it
dialog: sky high. Done it deliberate.
dialog: 9,400 rpms according to the little
dialog: tell tale button. You was worried
dialog: if you didn’t get outta that car
dialog: right quick - you'd die.
dialog: (leans over)
dialog: Call me a liar.
text: Harry spits in his cup, takes a slug of moonshine, glares:
dialog: i .
speaker_heading: i. COLE
dialog: , You’re not a liar. “
speaker_heading: : HARRY
dialog: Well then, what the hell are we
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Racing Rowdy’s car at Daytona. I
dialog: can’t do it without you.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You can’t do it, period!..anda I
dialog: ain‘t goin’ back there, Cole.
text: Harry leaves the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: INT. BARN (NIGHT)
text: Harry’s turning out lights as Cole enters the barn - standing
text: near the spot where Harry built their first car.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Buddy didn’t really die of a heart
dialog: attack, did he?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: --oh, his heart attacked him all
dialog: right, but not in the car. You
dialog: don’t want to hear about it. I’m
dialog: going to bed - lock up when you
dialog: leave -
dialog: * *
speaker_heading: OF
dialog: 
dialog: Jan 16 1990. 114.
text: Harry just about makes it thru the doorway when Cole stops
dialog: him:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Nascar privately claimed the
text: Set-up on the car killed Buddy,
dialog: that you used thin wall tubing to
dialog: keep the weight down, exhaust
text: fumes broke through the firewall
dialog: and carbon monoxide knocked Buddy
dialog: out. They said they'd investigate
dialog: unless you agreed to retire.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (turns back, slowly)
dialog: :-you sound like you actually
dialog: learned a thing or two about race
dialog: cars.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (pursuing it)
dialog: - S50 you agreed to retire.
speaker_heading: i HARRY
dialog: . - yeah I agreed and they come up
dialog: ; with this heart attack horseshit!
dialog: : when Buddy hit the wall at the
dialog: third turn he was jabberin’ on the
dialog: radio about as fast as he was
dialog: driving, carbon monoxide my ass
dialog: that was the loudest talking
dialog: unconscious man you ever heard in
dialog: your life!..
text: Harry’s been talking pretty fast himself. He suddenly seems
dialog: spent.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: :-nothin’ killed Buddy but his
dialog: imagination.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Then why didn’t you let ‘em
dialog: investigate?..why Harry?
dialog: ee
dialog: ee ee ee
dialog: a
dialog: +e Oe
dialog: eh ee
dialog: +
dialog: oe
dialog: *
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 115.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - cos I shoulda known better than
dialog: to let him drive in the first
dialog: place. Cos I know race car
dialog: drivers, Cole.. a driver gets his
text: bell rung and a couple of lights
dialog: flicker, or he gets rich and he’s
dialog: always been poor, or he gets a
text: family and he worries about them.
text: He gets frightened or fat and
dialog: loses what he needs more than his
dialog: eyesight, more than his reflexes,
dialog: more than anything in the world -
text: he loses his need, his need. His
dialog: need to drive right out there on
dialog: the ragged edge..
text: (holds an empty Mason jar
dialog: upside down)
dialog: - when that’s gone, it’s gone and
dialog: there ain‘’t no still where you can
dialog: go to fill it up.. Buddy was a
dialog: terrible pain in the ass. He
dialog: thought he knew about cars which »,
dialog: made him twice as ignorant as you.
dialog: I mean he would lay everything
dialog: wrong on us, particularly when he
dialog: started gettin’ scared. If he
dialog: burnt up a ring because he forgot
dialog: to turn on a ring cooler I didn’t
dialog: say nothin’. If the brakes went
dialog: out because he abused ‘em, it was
dialog: my fault..but still, I look at
dialog: guys like..
dialog: {he obviously means Cole as
dialog: well but can’t say it)
dialog: +. Buddy, I seen him do things in
dialog: my race car that’s absolutely
dialog: unbelievable..that really showed
dialog: me what I’d done..and then you
dialog: see, you’re going to automatically
dialog: have to sort of love that guy
dialog: whether you want to or not..
text: Harry breaks off. He is too emotional to continue. Cole
text: waits a long moment.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Harry, I have to ask you
dialog: something..before Buddy hit the
dialog: wall, how was he actually doing in
dialog: that race?
text: Harry can’t believe it. He rises unsteadily, starts to go
dialog: after Cole.
dialog: Jan 16 1990. . 116.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You ornery, no good son-of~a-
dialog: bitch -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (backing up)
dialog: Harry, I don’t want you to hurt
dialog: yourself - I’m countin’ on you to
dialog: set up the car -
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - you get back in that car and
dialog: you’ll die - :
text: Cole stops backing up.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I’m not getting back in my car.
dialog: I’m getting in Rowdy’s!
text: Harry smashes the Mason jar to the ground.
speaker_heading: j ~ KARRY
dialog: h - that sounds just dumb enough to
dialog: be a race driver! You think
dialog: } you'll hide from your bad luck
dialog: . in his car? and what the hell
dialog: for? For Rowdy? If he could run
dialog: tomorrow he’d crash you to win
dialog: the race. He’s mean. He’s no
dialog: particular friend. Why?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Because he asked me to.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - and you do anything somebody
dialog: asks you?
text: The two men are now toe to tee. spitting it at him:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: When they need it as bad as Rowdy °
dialog: does ~ yes.
text: This hits Harry like a punch. The need. For a moment it
text: appears he’s been had. Then his lips curl like an animal's
text: about to attack. it explodes from him:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: HORSESHIT. You just want to race!
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Yeah and so do you.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You’re scared!
dialog: *
dialog: Jan 16 1990.
speaker_heading: 116A.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Yeah and so are you!..but I’m not
dialog: Buddy Bretherton, I haven’t been
dialog: doing this for twenty years, it’s
dialog: too soon for me to be scared.
dialog: There’s something else.Daytona.
dialog: You’ve never won it Harry, not
dialog: with Buddy, not with me, not ever.
dialog: We promised we’d do it.
text: Harry is agonized. He does want it. He looks to Cole,
dialog: helpless:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: --I honestly just wouldn’t know
dialog: how this deal’s gonna turn out
dialog: Cole..
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I don’t know either Harry. But
dialog: goddam ~ aren’t you curious to
dialog: find out?
dialog: }
scene_heading: EXT. DAYTONA SPEEDWAY (DAY)
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS ‘
dialog: This is it, welcome to Daytona and
dialog: another year of Winston Cup :
dialog: racing, as forty of the top
dialog: a@rivers in the country begin their
dialog: annual quest for the most coveted
dialog: prize in auto racing, the Winston
dialog: Cup -
dialog: 224
speaker_heading: ee RO Oe
dialog: oe
dialog: ee ee
dialog: ee
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 117.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: - but today, Bob Jenkins, these
dialog: drivers have only one thing on
dialog: their minds, the crown jewel, the
dialog: superbowl of racing - the Daytona
dialog: 500 -
text: During this the gorgeous and vulgar panoply of pre-race
text: Daytona at the opening is reprised, but now there are
text: recognizable characters in the crowd:
text: Daland with Waddell and Russ Wheeler walk with their car as
text: it’s being pushed onto the track. Daland spots Harry at the
text: Rowdy Burns car, hood up, Nascar inspector present. Darryl
text: Waltrip kisses his little baby girl before he ambles onto the
text: track. Ken Schrader walks hand in hand with his wife down
text: the twin lanes of cars. He takes off his soft cap and hands
text: it to her. Begins to put on his helmet. She watches.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0O.
dialog: - well it’s certainly been a
dialog: strange turn of events and it must
dialog: be a peculiar feeling for Cole ~
text: Trickle, just about to get into
dialog: that 51 car with Rowdy Burns’ name
dialog: on it -
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.0O.
dialog: ~ well Ned he probably figures it
dialog: this way, he won’t have to worry
dialog: about looking for it in his rear
dialog: view mirror ~
text: Daland moves up to Harry, who is still working on the engine,
text: hood raised, the Nascar official hovering, watching every
dialog: move,
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: - you told me you guys didn’t have
dialog: a sponsor -
text: He’s referring to the Mellow Yellow that has replaced the
text: EXXON on Rowdy’s hood.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: - they give us just about enough
dialog: money to paint their name on the
dialog: car -
text: Daland nods, moves on. Cole is walking down the track hand
text: in hand with Claire and talking quietly when he spots his
text: car. He breaks into a dead run. Arrives in a sweat:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: What’s the hood doing up?
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 118.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We had to change engines and
dialog: forgot to tighten the oil line.
speaker_heading: COLE aa
dialog: Why’d you have to change engines?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Found some metal in the Oberg
dialog: filter - I’m sure that explains it
dialog: for you.
text: Obviously it doesn’t. Cole smiles a tentative, sheepish
text: smile. Then he’s back on it:
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Where‘d you get the engine?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We stole it.
text: Cole spots Daland talking to Wheeler. Wheeler waves, winks.
dialog: ‘,
speaker_heading: COLE ‘
dialog: What were you talking to Daland
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: : HARRY
dialog: Claire, put this boy in the car.
dialog: Tell him to wait till he gets on
text: the track before he starts
dialog: sweatin’ - it’s gonna be fine.
text: Claire walks with Cole to the driver’s side.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: - drive carefully -
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: I will..just gonna give Rowdy a
dialog: decent showing, I’m not gonna kill
dialog: myself...
dialog: He’s meant this figuratively, but it’s literal meaning hits
dialog: them both.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: - good.
text: She gives him a lingering kiss and he slips inte the car.
text: The webbing drops and Claire looks like she’s just walked
text: : under a dark cloud - then she’s suddenly grabbed by the hand.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. . 119.
speaker_heading: ON THE TRACK — 225
speaker_heading: NASCAR OFFICIAL
dialog: - and now to give us the most
dialog: famous words in racing, Rowdy
dialog: Burns..
text: There is sustained applause from the crowd - with a couple of
text: isolated boos, which Rowdy particularly appreciates. He
text: waves with the cane he’s using. Stands between the two rows
dialog: of. cars.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: - thank you. I/’d rather be in my
dialog: car today but one way or another
dialog: it’s nice te be back on the track.
dialog: I especially want to thank this
dialog: gal here -
dialog: (he’s holding Claire's hand)
dialog: - she’s the one that put the hole
dialog: in my head a lot of you claimed
dialog: was already there - gentlemen,
dialog: start your engines -
text: There is a roar that is louder than anything heard thus far.
text: Claire can’t believe the sound. The cars fly past her and
text: Rowdy. Rowdy spots Cole as he passes, gives him a hi sign.
text: Cole returns it automatically. Claire looks worried.
speaker_heading: ROWDY
dialog: (as they leave the track)
dialog: We don’t got a thing to worry
dialog: about, doc -
text: Claire tries to look reassured.
speaker_heading: ROWDY (cont’d)
dialog: You watch. That boy can’t help
dialog: himself - he’s gonna win this race
dialog: or die tryin’.
text: Rowdy chuckles.
dialog: JUST ABOVE THE "0" 226
text: in Daytona the green flag waves. The cars cross the stripe
text: in a roar and a blur. The race is on.
speaker_heading: RANDOM SHOTS 227
text: of the race in progress. There are spins, crashes, smoking
text: tires, yellow flags, pit stops, green flags.
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS V.O.
dialog: - after 125 laps here at the
dialog: Daytona 500 the leader is Dale
text: Earnhardt, followed by Rusty
dialog: Wallace, Harry Gant, Russ
dialog: Wheeler...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 120.
text: Jenkins sets the first ten places, then superimposes the next
text: five. Cole is not among them. CAMERA drifts further back in
dialog: the field. -
scene_heading: BOB JENKINS V.0. (cont‘d)
dialog: - the much anticipated duel
dialog: between the Daland/Russ Wheeler .
dialog: Hardees car and Cole Trickle has
dialog: not been a factor here so far, Ned
dialog: Jarrett -
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0.
dialog: (as CAMERA isolates Cole)
dialog: - well Trickle’s certainly running
dialog: a different kind of race today.
dialog: He’s stayed in the middle of the
dialog: pack and appears to be content to
dialog: let others do the hard chargin’ -
scene_heading: INT. CAR COLE 228
text: expression set. Perspiring.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: ~ :47:01, leader is :45:90
speaker_heading: ROWDY - PITS 229
text: watching with Claire doesn’t look overly pleased. :
speaker_heading: ON THE TRACK 230
text: the hood from one in the crowd of cars in front of Cole pops
text: up. The driver loses control. He bounces off several cars
text: and hits the wall. It’s a multi-car crash. The car hood
text: helicopters high in the air. :
scene_heading: INT. CAR COLE 231
text: fights his way through the smoke and fire and then sees it -
text: the helicoptering car hood @escending and heading right for
text: his cockpit. He screams. Turns to the infield to avoid
text: impact - the hood just brushes him on the passenger side.
scene_heading: WITH HARRY - PITS 232
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ~ there’s some oil at the bottom
dialog: of turn three, leader’s just taken
dialog: it - you all right?
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: ~ seems like there’s a hundred
dialog: cars out here.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You’re not used to runnin’ ina
dialog: crowd.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 121.
speaker_heading: WITH COLE . 233
text: This registers. He puts his foot on the gas.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE TRACK . 234
scene_heading: BOB JENKINS V.0O.
dialog: - we're back under green here at
dialog: the Daytona 500 and somebody
text: appears to have lit a fire under
dialog: the 51 car ~
text: Cole is threading his way high and low through traffic. He
text: spots Gant and Wheeler running side by side.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0.
dialog: - right now he’s coming up on the
dialog: leaders Gant and Wheeler -
speaker_heading: COLE'S POV 235
text: There’s barely a car’s width between Wheeler and Gant. Cole
text: takes the plunge, scraping right between them. .
text: The two cars are buffeted by the near impact and Cole emerges
text: in the lead.
speaker_heading: BENNY PARSONS
dialog: - now what do we call that, Ned
dialog: Jarrett? A Trickle sandwich?
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: = might as well - after 165 laps
dialog: Cole Trickle’s the new leader here
dialog: at the Daytona 500 -
text: The crowd has gone wild. Harry isn’t sure what to think.
text: Rowdy nudges Claire ~ he knew it all along. Claire is
dialog: worried.
scene_heading: INT. CAR COLE + 236
text: perspiring more heavily than ever.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE :
dialog: I don’t believe you did that.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: .Neither do I.
scene_heading: INT. CAR RUSS WHEELER 237
text: who. doesn’t believe it either. His steady stream of
text: invective is lost in the engine’s roar.
scene_heading: WITH HARRY : - PITS 238
text: talking patiently into the radio.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 122.
scene_heading: WITH CLAIRE - PITS 239
text: more nervous than ever.
scene_heading: WITH COLE - TRACK 240
text: running out front. He spots Wheeler coming up behind him.
text: He jams his foot on the accelerator to get all the speed he
text: can. He holds it to the floor going into turn three.
scene_heading: CLOSE PEDAL - TRACK 241
text: with Cole’s foot pressing it through the floor. There is a
text: tiny snap. When Cole’s foot comes off the gas to brake, the
text: accelerator remains jammed on the floor.
scene_heading: WITH COLE - TRACK 242
text: as the wall on turn three approaches. He brakes. The car
text: doesn’t slow. It continues running full ovt. The wall
text: approaches in lightning leaps. Cole jams his foot harder on
text: the brake. He jams both feet on the brake. Smoke drifts
text: up from the floorboards. Cole just makes it through the
text: turn, the car running an odd line. .
scene_heading: WITH HARRY - PITS 243
dialog: noticing.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What’s goin’ on?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: .-accelerator’s stuck. What can I
dialog: do, Harry?..Harry?
text: Harry’s beside himself but tries to be calm for Cole.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: {as calm as he can)
dialog: - oh, pop the clutch and blow the
dialog: engine - you got no choice
dialog: Cole..you done good, but it’s
dialog: over..
scene_heading: WITH COLE - TRACK 244
text: going down the backstretch, still in the lead. The wall is
text: approaching. He starts to come down on the clutch but
text: changes his mind and brakes ~ smoke flies up through the
text: floorboard. Cole makes it through the turn, still in the
dialog: lead.
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.0.
dialog: Trickle’s runnin’ a very peculiar
dialog: line out there..
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 123.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: You try that again and you‘re
dialog: gonna have a car runnin’ flat out
dialog: with no brakes -
scene_heading: DOWN THE FRONT STRETCH 245
text: Cole is trying to reach the dash but can’t. He is strapped
text: in too tightly. He loosens the shoulder harness.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COLE .
dialog: How many more laps?
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: cole!
text: His shoulder harness is now loose enough for him to reach the
text: dash. His fingers struggle toward a button on the dash but
text: the wall is approaching too quickly. He has to jam on the
text: brakes again. The cockpit fills with smoke.
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS
dialog: - with thirty-two laps to go,
dialog: Trickle is still leading Russ
dialog: Wheeler at the Daytona 500 -
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT
dialog: (an urgency that breaks thru
dialog: his professional demeanor)
dialog: There’s somethin’ definitely wrong
dialog: with that race car -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOB JENKINS
dialog: Let’s go down to Dr. Jerry Punch -
scene_heading: JERRY PUNCH 7 PITS 246
text: in the pit with Harry. Claire and Rowdy nearby.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: - apparently there seems to be
dialog: some sort of carburetor linkage
dialog: problem with the Cole Trickle car,
dialog: how about it Harry?
dialog: 
text: He holds the microphone under Harry’s nose. Harry is
text: sweating bullets. He ignores Punch.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: Harry?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: The fucking accelerator is stuck
dialog: to the floorboard! now would you
dialog: excuse me please?
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: Well, back to you Bob Jenkins -
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 124.
scene_heading: INT. CAR COLE : 247
text: “approaching the wall again.
speaker_heading: : HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: Cole? You can’t brake anymore.
dialog: - You blow that engine now, hear?
text: Cole reaches out and flips the switch he couldn’t reach
text: before. There is silence in the cockpit. He glides through
text: the turn, struggling with the wheel, and keeping Wheeler
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: FROM A DISTANCE : 248
text: the line of the car looks smoother.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: What the hell’d you do?
speaker_heading: COLE’S VOICE
dialog: I might not know much about cars,
dialog: Harry..but I know how to turn ‘en
dialog: on and off..
scene_heading: INT. CAR COLE 249
text: He’s through the turn. He hits the ignition just as Wheeler
text: pulls up alongside him. His engine roars and he pulls ahead
dialog: once again.
speaker_heading: RARRY’S VOICE
dialog: - you can’t do that for
dialog: twenty-five more laps..
speaker_heading: ,COLE’S VOICE
dialog: I’m gonna try..
text: Coming off the straightaway and into the turn Cole flips the
text: switch. Again there’s an eery silence. Cole holds through
text: the turn, fighting to stay in the groove. Wheeler’s right
text: behind hin.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE TRACK 250
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.O.
dialog: I don’t see how he can keep doing
dialog: this..
speaker_heading: NED JARRETT V.O.
dialog: Benny you been saying that for 10
dialog: laps.
scene_heading: BENNY PARSONS V.0O.
dialog: And I still don’t see it -.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. 125.
scene_heading: BOB JENKINS V.0O.
dialog: With just over 5 laps to go here
dialog: at Daytona Cole. Trickle has
dialog: managed to cling to the thinnest
dialog: ef leads under extraordinary
dialog: conditions...
scene_heading: AT THE THIRD TURN = TRACK 251
text: Cole shuts off and moves into it. As he does Wheeler moves
text: closer, The progressive shutting on and off of his engine
text: has brought Wheeler to the point where he’s finally reached
text: Cole’s bumper. He gives it a nudge.
scene_heading: INT. CAR COLE 252
text: with no engine the tiniest of nudges sends him careening
text: wildly. Nearly through the turn he tries to turn on the
text: engine but it’s too late ~ he slams into the wall with two
text: flat tires.
text: Wheeler takes the lead. The caution flag comes out. The
text: cars slow down. Harry hangs his head.
dialog: “
scene_heading: INT. CAR COLE ° 253
text: looks down. He sees the impact has freed the accelerator.
text: He turns on the engine. The gears grind. He swears
dialog: furiously.
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: Cole, you okay?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: - the good news is the
dialog: accelerator’s fixed - the bad news
dialog: is the transmission’s fucked.
dialog: What can I do?
speaker_heading: HARRY - PITS 254
text: comes to life.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hell, Cole seein’ as you do
dialog: everything else backwards - try
dialog: reverse.
speaker_heading: COLE - TRACK 255
text: slams the car into reverse and it works. He comes screaming
text: down the track backwards at nearly eighty miles an hour,
text: catching up with the pack. He reaches pit road and brakes,
text: flipping the car 180 degrees, pitting perfectly.
text: Buck leads the charge. His over-the-wall-gang jack up the
text: car, change the tires. Buck struggles with the transmission.
dialog: Nov 20 1989. / 126.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You can’t fix it, just get it in
dialog: high gear -
text: Harry and Buck twist the linkage, drop the car to the road -
text: the car sputters in high gear. His crew have to keep pushing
text: it down the road.
scene_heading: DALAND WITH WHEELER’S CREW 256
text: watch. Cole’s car is dying without more momentum.
text: Daland signals Wheeler's crew. They rush out and together
text: with Harry and his crew, they push Cole’s car. It stops
text: sputtering and moves onto the track where the cars are still
text: running under caution.
speaker_heading: NASCAR OFFICIAL
dialog: (to Daland)
dialog: You can’t do that. It’s not your
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: DALAND
dialog: It sure as hell is my engine in _
dialog: that car - that’s what my boys are
dialog: pushin’.
scene_heading: WHEELER - TRACK 257
text: looks thru his rear view mirror. He can’t believe Cole is
text: back on the track. He momentarily fails to see the pace car
text: has gone off the track.
speaker_heading: WADDELL’S VOICE
dialog: Green flag! Green flag! what the
dialog: hell are you waitin’ on Russ?
text: Wheeler takes off but keeps one eye on his rear view mirror.
scene_heading: INT. CAR COLE 258
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: Runnin’ seventh.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: How many laps to go?
speaker_heading: HARRY’S VOICE
dialog: Three.
speaker_heading: ON THE TRACK 259
text: Cole threads his way relentlessly thru traffic.
dialog: 
dialog: Nov 20 1989. : : 127.
speaker_heading: AT THE STRIPE: 260
text: the white flag is waved. Cole crosses it and passes another
text: car. There’s only one remaining between Cole and Wheeler,
speaker_heading: WITH WHEELER 261
text: growing more and more edgy. He makes it thru the secong
text: turn. Checks his rear view mirror. He sees Cole move out
text: behind the number two car. Cole Passes it and is now growing
text: in Wheeler's rear view mirror as Wheeler approaches the third
text: turn. Wheeler is fascinated. As Cole’s car continues to
text: fill up Wheeler’s rear view mirror, Wheeler keeps watching
text: and watching and drives right off the track and into the
text: infield. Ha ploughs into the huge mound of earth in front of
scene_heading: EXT. PIT Roap 262
text: Harry, Buck, Claire, Rowdy, and the pit crew begin to race
text: toward the finish,
scene_heading: THE CHECKERED FLAG 263
text: is waving over the "o" in Daytona. The crowd sutges and
text: roars. Cole crosses the stripe.
speaker_heading: ON THE TRACK 264
text: Cole’s car is mobbed. As the webbing is pulled back - freeze
dialog: frame to:
scene_heading: PHOTOGRAPHS IN VICTORY LANE 265
text: as quick as the shots of Cole in his first win at Pocono -
dialog: but Cole with Claire, Harry, Rowdy, Daland - kidding,
text: clowning, kissing, drinking in all the champagne and
text: Sweetness of victory. Continue through credits.
speaker_heading: FADE
dialog: 
dialog: 
