dialog: Draft as of:
speaker_heading: “DAZED and CONFUSED"
dialog: by
dialog: Richard Linklater
dialog: 02.20.1992
dialog: ee ars see ee
speaker_heading: 2IZoNe
scene_heading: DAZED AND CONPUSED
scene_heading: CAST OF CHARACTERS:
dialog: Lead gentor Guys:
text: Randy “*PINK* Floyd - runa with all crowds: jocks,
text: stoners, poker group incelligentsia and acts
dialog: accordingly
dialog: TONY Olsen - witey, intellectual. paper editor, poker
text: group member, a bit shy around the girls but ends
dialog: up with Sabrina
dialog: DON Dollar - cocky, charming, not smart, womanizer, fun
dialog: guy, has thing with Shavonne
text: Keith PICKFORD ~.cool, quirky, a stoner who's goc it all
text: together although his party gets busted
text: BENNY McCracken - athlete, a little dumb, intimidating,
dialog: but in it for fun, drinks lots of beer
dialog: Lead Senior Girls:
dialog: JODI Kerr - socially popular, smart, Mitch's older
dialog: sister, Sabrina's "big aister®
text: KAYE Faulkner - smart, analytical, most mature of senior
dialog: girla, social
text: SHAVONNE Rhodes - boy crazy, popular, hot scuff
dialog: Lead Freshmen:
dialog: MITCH Kerr - Jodi'a younger brother, popular, athlete,
text: gets ‘busted’ the worst by seniors but ultimately
dialog: gets lucky, ends up with Julie
text: SABRINA Davis ~ very striking and mature for her age, a
text: bit shy but a bic calculating at the same cime,
dialog: ends up with Tony
dialog: Supporting Senior Girlie:
text: CYNTHIA Dunn - smart, a bit socially inhibiced, has
text: crush on Tony (unbeknowest to him), hanga out with
dialog: the poker guys
text: DARLA Woods - tough, humiliates freshmen like a drill
text: : sergeant, a female O’Bannion
text: MICHELLE Burroughs - Pickford's girlfriend, doesn’t talk
dialog: much but is perhaps the coolest girl around
text: JULIE Danford - sophmore, parties, flirts with Mitch and
text: ends up with him
dialog: Supporting Senior Guys:
dialog: MIKE Nawhouse - intellectual, poker group/paper staf?
dialog: guy, best friands with Tony but has darker edge,
dialog: ready to push the boundaries
dialog: Paul SLATER - endearing stoner, accepted by all because
text: of his basically fun and inceresting perspective
dialog: ROYCE Crawford = smart black friend of Tony and Mike's,
text: poker group/paper staff guy but not completely with
dialog: his white friends
text: HUDSON Higgins - achlete/party guy, friends with
text: ©’ Bannion and Benny, more of a sidekick with a car
text: Fred O'BANNION ~ sadistic, 2nd year senior, the only
dialog: real ‘bad guy’ in the movie but gets commuppance
dialog: from freshmen guys :
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: Additional Guys:
text: Bobby WOODERSON - older guy atill hanging on to high
text: school scene, basically cool and locked up to but
dialog: is getting more pathetic as the years go on
text: ELVIS Spivey - A little older black guy who has
dialog: ambiguous relationship with the crowd at the
dialog: Emporium though obviously the most respected,
dialog: *coolesc’ guy there. Possibly just taking whictey’s
text: Money at pool.
text: CLINT Bruno - aggressive jerk, rides around with Party
text: Guys #1 and #2, picks on Mike at beer bust,
dialog: ultimately gets in fight
dialog: ; Additional Girle:s
text: STACY Woodward - has older boyfriend she talks about
dialog: losing virginity to, best friends with Julie
text: SUSAN piumner - gets drunk and out of control at beer
dialog: et
dialog: Supporting Freshmen: :
text: CARL Burns - a bit of a smarcass, shortstop on Mitch's
text: team, competes with Mitch a little on coolness
text: TOMMY Lawson - catcher on baseball team, looks up to
dialog: Mitch a bit
text: Adam HIRSH - gets busted by O'Bannion but spearheads
dialog: revenge scenario
dialog: Freshman Girls #1-#4
dialog: wm
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: OPENING TITLE SEQUENCE
text: Behind logos and title cards we hear the eerie and edgy beginning
text: of Aerosmith’s “Sweet Emotion“. The citles are offset by random
text: high school yearbook photos of members of the cast. Some are
text: their official school pictures with their activity listings.
text: while others are che students in various extracurricular activity
text: poses. The last title reads:
scene_heading: LAST DAY OF SCHOOL MAY 28, 1976 12:55 p.m.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: As the song kicks in we SEE many of these same characters in
dialog: their lunch-time environment.
scene_heading: . AEROSMITH
dialog: *Sweeeet emooootion... Sweeeet
dialog: emooootion...*
text: A) Inside a car, a joint being rolled on the underside of a
dialog: frisbee.
speaker_heading: AEROSMITH
dialog: *Talkin' ‘bout things and nobody
dialog: cares..."
text: B) A convertible driving through the school parking lot in slow
dialog: motion.
text: c) In another car, the long-haired inhabitants finish off a beer
text: and toss it out of the car.
speaker_heading: AEROSMITH
dialog: “Wearin' other things that nobody
dialog: wears...°
text: D) Students laying around in the smoking section with bad
dialog: attitudes.
text: —£) In a shop class, a guy drilling small holes in a paddle he's
dialog: making.
text: F) Girls unloading a large quantity of grocery supplies from
text: their cars and putting them in one truck.
speaker_heading: AEROSMITH
dialog: *‘Callin‘ my name but I gotta make
dialog: clear...*
text: G) Guys playing cards at a picnic table in the snack bar area.
speaker_heading: AEROSMITH
dialog: "Can't say baby where I'll be in a
dialog: year...*
scene_heading: EXT: HIGH SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The convertible parks next to a crowded, smoke-filled car with
text: the windows rolled up. KEITH PICKFORD and MICHELLE BURROUGHS
text: soon hop out of this car and head toward the school. Standing
text: next co his truck, RANDY “PINK* FLOYD calls out co them.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Pickford! You stoner!
text: Pickford acknowledges him with a slightly sarcastic, mimicking
text: voice as he and Michelle walk over to him.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: They say it'll kill ya but they
dialog: don't say when...
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: . How's it lookin’ for tonight?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
text: Three kegs...
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Cool. But the big news is... Check
dialog: this shit: out.
text: Pink grabs a tarp in the bed of his truck and with one quick
text: motion, jerks away the canvas and reveals a smiling Ronald
text: McDonald statue. Formerly of the drive-thru line, Ronald has a
text: speaker in his stomach.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Awwright...
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Me and Dollar nabbed it about four-
dialog: thirty this morning. We just went
dialog: through there for lunch... They got
dialog: this old lady standing out there
text: taking orders by hand.
text: He imitates a little old lady scribbling on a note pad.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Did you want fries with that? The
text: thing’s three feet away from her.
text: They laugh a bit and walk together up the stairs to the school.
scene_heading: INT: HALLWAY - DAY
text: Pickford, Michelle, and Pink walk down the hall.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Can't believe we gotta be here ac
dialog: all today...
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Let the torture begin...
text: They pass PAUL SLATER near a water fountain.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Slater, son...
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: How's it going?
scene_heading: . SLATER -
dialog: It's fixin’ to be going A LOT
dialog: better...
text: Slater pops somaching in his mouth and takes a quick gulp at the
text: fountain. He then offers up his hand and Pickford “gives him
text: five* in the slowest, coolest way possible.
speaker_heading: SLATER»
dialog: So what time tonight?
speaker_heading: : PICKFORD
dialog: ‘Bout nine or ten...
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: All right.
text: Slater walks away while Pickford, Michelle, and Pink walk near
text: Pink’s classroom door.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Later...
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: See you up there after...
text: As Pickford walks away, he acknowledges TONY OLSON and MIKE
text: NEWHOUSE standing in the hall near the door to Pink's classroom.
scene_heading: PICKFORD .
dialog: If it isn’t Woodward and Bernstein.
text: Tony and Mike just smirk at Pickford as Pink slows down near the
dialog: door. :
speaker_heading: : PINK
dialog: Men.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 2. CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: So was this a smoked or liquid
dialog: lunch?
dialog: : : . lack
text: Pink points at him like ‘yeah right’ as a friend and'classmate of
text: theirs, ROYCE CRAWFORD, pokes his head out of the door.
speaker_heading: ROYCE -
dialog: Poker game still on for tonight?
text: PINK .
dialog: I don‘c know about tonight for
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: \ I chought we should all go out.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: And do what?
text: PINK .
dialog: I‘m probably going to Pickford’s
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: ~~ MIKE
dialog: Exactly - we should do something
dialog: like that. We can play poker any
dialog: time.
text: . ROYCE .
dialog: I don‘t know, sounds suspect.
dialog: we'll have to put it up before the
dialog: committee.
text: Royce and Pink head into the room while Tony suddenly remembers
text: something he wants to tell Mike and gestures for him to walk with
text: him-down the hall a bit.
speaker_heading: ‘TONY
dialog: Okay, I had this dream last
dialog: night...
dialog: (grins quizzically)
dialog: Okay, you have to promise not to
text: tell ANYONE.
speaker_heading: ‘ MIKE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Say I promise.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: ~ a“ (reciting)
dialog: \ “I promise not to tell anyone...’
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: eo _
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Tony gets a liccle quieter and makes sure no one is listening.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: ~ Okay... In this dream I was having
dialog: sex with what had a perfect female
dialog: body but...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: But what? What?
text: Tony changes his mind.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I can‘t say...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Oh come on, you can't give a build-~
dialog: up like chat and then not deliver.
dialog: Okay, 30, a beautiful female body,
dialog: we're off to a good start...
text: He gestures for Tony to continue.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: But the head of... -Abraham Lincoln.
text: MIKE doesn’t really react at all.
speaker_heading: MIKE
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: The hat, beard...
dialog: (changing subject)
dialog: Oh well, best not think too deeply
dialog: about this one...
speaker_heading: . MIKE
dialog: Best not...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I gotta go see Mr. Lane. I’11 be
dialog: back after a while...
text: Tony walks off as Mike heads into the classroom.
scene_heading: INT: NEWSPAPER STAFF CLASSROOM
text: Later, inside the newspaper class, Pink, Royce, JODI KERR, KAYE
text: EAULENER. SHAVONNE RHODES, and CYNTHIA DUNN are deep in
dialog: iscussion.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: ...Did we already say the one where
text: Shac big game hunter arrives on the
dialog: " island and decides cto hunt
dialog: Gilligan?
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: No... That's 27...
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE
dialog: What about the time cthae rock
text: group, ‘The Mosquitos" visits the
text: asland and Ginger and Mari Ann form
dialog: their own group.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: . That's 28.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: That‘s got to be about all of
dialog: them... Didn’et they only make two
dialog: season's worth of that show?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Mrs. Howell was also in that group.
text: Tony walks in and the entire class dies laughing.
speaker_heading: Ab ROYCE
dialog: et
text: Tony flashes a quick glance toward Mike, who's acting like
dialog: nothing happened.
text: . PINK .
dialog: Honest Abe... read us a Gettysburg
dialog: address, Mister, or is it Misses?
dialog: Lincoln,
text: Amid continuing laughter, Tony quickly gains his composure and
text: calmly motions to the class to quiet down and listen.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It's MISTER EDITOR to all of you
dialog: for the next year... you bunch of
text: mundane feeble wits.
text: He then sits down right in front of Mike and glares at him.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Death...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I was very specific, I promised not
dialog: to tell anyONE. I told EVERYone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: From che hallway, DON DOLLAR looks in the room, makes sure the
text: teacher isn’t there and chen gestures to Pink in the back of the
dialog: class.
speaker_heading: . DON
dialog: Hey Pink! You ready?
text: Pink walks over to the door.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: I can’t go yet. As soon as Mrs.
dialog: Wilk gets here and checks roll we
dialog: can probably all split. Go get
dialog: penny and check me out on the way
dialog: ack.
speaker_heading: ‘ DON
dialog: Cool...
text: Don walks away down the hall.
scene_heading: INT: SHOP CLASS - DAY
text: Don looks into the shop clas&$ and gestures to BENNY McCRACKEN who
text: is standing off to the side, putting the finishing sanding
text: touches on a large paddle he has made. Benny gestures for Don to
text: hold on for just a moment. In the back of the class, Slater and
text: two others, STONER #1 and STONER #2, discuss the more technical
text: aspects of rock and roll. On Slater’s desk is a three foot bong
text: he has made as his final woodworking project.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: ...Man, I heard when Nugent was
dialog: playing in Miami, or maybe it was
dialog: San Francisco... Anyway, man, this
text: chick gets up on stage and starts
text: giving him a blowjob while he was
dialog: playing, man, ‘Stranglehold.*
speaker_heading: STONER #2
dialog: (excited)
dialog: No way...
text: Stoner #1 gestures toward his project: a roundish, hand-carved
text: Led Zepplin logo.
speaker_heading: STONER #1
dialog: Hey, last week in New Orleans...
dialog: Bonham... one-hour drum solo...
scene_heading: . STONER #2
dialog: Wow...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: STONER #1
dialog: Hey Benny, man, I feel sorry for
dialog: those incoming freshmen.
text: Benny smiles and makes a gesture like he’s giving someone a
text: spanking with his newly sanded board. The teacher of the class,
text: a middle-aged bald man named MR. RIX, is laid back in his chair
text: fast asleep with his mouth open. On his way out the door, Benny
text: goes up to Mr. Rix and pops the top of a coke in his ear. As
text: Benny rushes out the door, Mr. Rix slowly wakes up.
speaker_heading: MR. RIX
dialog: Get back to your seats...
scene_heading: INT: HALLWAY OUTSIDE SHOP CLASS - DAY
text: Out in che hallway, Benny proudly shows his board cto Don as they
text: start to walk down the hall.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Check it out. I just drilled a
text: series of small holes... to cut
dialog: down on the wind resistance and
dialog: create more of a sting on impact.
text: In an upbeat, cocky manner, Shavonne walks by and gives a slight
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Hmmm... Lookin’ good Sha-Vaaan.
text: She walks past but Don keeps watching her. She eventually turns
text: into the girl's room but looks back at Don before she entars.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Caught yah!
text: He laughs as they keep slowly walking.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: She wants my dick.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Yeah sure... Like every other girl
text: .at this school. She was looking at
dialog: me, anyway.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Shiiit, man, I get so much pussy...
dialog: I should be banned from this place.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Banned for being such a pussy?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Fuuuck you man.
scene_heading: INT: GIRL‘S BATHROOM - DAY
text: Shavonne, Jodi, and Kaye are hanging out in the bathroom. Kaye
text: and Jodi share a cigarette while Shavonne primps in the mirror.
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE
dialog: .,.Yeah, he acts all cocky now but
dialog: did you notice when he poked his
text: head in the room a little while
dialog: ago, he didn’t even look at me?
dialog: (a beac)
dialog: Forget him.
dialog: goor
dialog: Is Randy Floyd going out with
dialog: anyone right now?
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE
dialog: I don’t think so. I don’t know about
dialog: that guy. Watch him in action -
text: he's like a polititian.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Just because a guy isn’t like the
dialog: Neanderthals you like. I mean, you
dialog: basically don't like any guy whose
text: IQ approaches triple digits.
text: Before Shavonne can respond, Kaye jumps in.
speaker_heading: KAYE .
dialog: You know, this is really pathetic.
dialog: All you ever talk about is guys.
dialog: Everything is always guys - going
dialog: to watch guys do whatever it is
dialog: they're doing at the time, getting
dialog: all dressed up so maybe some guy
dialog: will notice you... Do you think
dialog: guys spend one-tenth the time we do
dialog: thinking and catering to us? Hell
dialog: no... They're too busy DOING things
dialog: besides preparation for us... What
dialog: do we DO? Sit around and plot
dialog: about them in some way or another.
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE .
dialog: Yeah, but look at the shit they do:
dialog: playing sports, fixing up their
dialog: cars, ... It's all bullshic anyway,
dialog: who can take it serious?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: o : 10.
scene_heading: 1 6 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: ' We don’t have any choice BUT to
dialog: take whatever they do serious.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: (to Shavonne)
dialog: And there you were in class with
dialog: them trying to list all the
dialog: Gilligan's Island episodes without
text: even a HINT of irony. .
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE,
dialog: What the hell are you talking
dialog: about, girl?
speaker_heading: } . KAYE
dialog: You never thought about that show?
dialog: It's what's called a male
dialog: | . pornographic fantasy. Think about
dialog: ! it... You're basically alone on an
dialog: island with two readily available
dialog: women... one a seductive, sex-
dialog: goddess type, the other a healthy,
dialog: o girl-next-door type with a nice
dialog: — butt. So, guys have it all - the
dialog: Madonna and the whore, and what do
dialog: women get? Nothing. A geek, an
text: over-weight middle age guy, a nerdy
dialog: scientific type... those are all
dialog: types that your typical male feels
dialog: least threatened by. So in the
text: male viewers mind, he puts himself
dialog: on the island and he can have it
text: 1 all. A woman puts herself on the
text: island and she's bored shitless.
speaker_heading: | : SHAVONNE
dialog: You're really full of it. First
dialog: off, you forgot Mr. and Mrs. .
dialog: Howell, and second, the audience is
dialog: probably half women, anyway.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: My point exactly. Women are taught
dialog: i to not mind being bored as long as
dialog: thay are occasionally acknowledged.
dialog: (thinking) .
dialog: And being stranded on an island
text: awaiting rescue is a TOTAL metaphor
dialog: for the position in which most
dialog: women are put in in this society
dialog: a _ today.
text: Jodi walks over to Kaye.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 1 6 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: You know, ever since you spent
dialog: spring break with your sister at
dialog: college you've had this fucking
dialog: actcicude...
text: Kaye suddenly seems to realize she's gone maybe one step coo far
text: and pulls back a litele.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: Well excuse me for thinking abouc
dialog: j things a liccle...
speaker_heading: JoDI
dialog: ! Yeah, that’s it... stop thinking so
dialog: , | much.
scene_heading: | . SHAVONNE
dialog: {to Kaye) .
dialog: | : You need to get laid.
text: From the hall, Benny can be heard.
scene_heading: 1 . BENNY (0.S) _
dialog: o Pink! We're off to raise hell.
dialog: ~~ Let‘s go, man!
text: Jodi hears them and walks out.
scene_heading: 7 INT: HALLWAY - DAY
text: Jodi walks out in the hall and sees Benny, Don, and Pink walking
text: away. She catches up to them.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: \ Hey, Benny. You guys take it easy
dialog: on my little brother...
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I got room for his initials right
dialog: here.
text: He shows her his board and all the guys laugh a bit.
speaker_heading: |. JODI
dialog: Just don't get him any more than
dialog: anyone else.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Okay, okay, you win. Even though
text: Mitch is a card-carrying smartass,
dialog: _ as a personal favor to you, because
dialog: a we like you so much, we’ll take it
dialog: easy on him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: —
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: But he’s not a smartass... No more
dialog: than any other eighth grader.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: So you have our word. Little
dialog: brother will be okay.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: I was just kind of worried about
dialog: him. Sounded like everyone wanted
dialog: to kill him.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Bye. Thanks.
text: Jodi walks back to the others while che guys turn and continue
dialog: on.
text: As soon as Jodi is. far enough away not to hear chem, Don
text: looks up at Benny with a kind of mischievous grin on his face.
speaker_heading: - DON
dialog: Bullshit? .
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Major bullshic! He’s a dead man.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Man, this place is vacant. All the
dialog: seniors gone on their senior
dialog: trip...
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I'm glad those losers are gone.
dialog: This is what it's going to be like
dialog: all next year... US running this
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Really...
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: You guys hear-about 0’Bannion?
speaker_heading: ‘PINK
dialog: Yeah, what a dumb-shic.
text: On the way out the door, they pass a group of three young
text: Vietnamese girls. Benny does a double take.
dialog: o . 13.
scene_heading: 8 EXT: HIGH SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Benny, Don, and Pink walk up to Pink’s truck.
scene_heading: ' . BENNY .
dialog: -..But that‘s my poinc. We're
dialog: cotally being over-run by those
dialog: Vietcong. Why don't they just stay
dialog: the hell where they were? We don't
dialog: ' need ‘em.
text: On top of the building in the background is the departing Seniors
text: obligatory ‘senior prank” ~ an outhouse with ‘SRS.‘76* painted on
text: the side. Pink looks up at it as they begin to get in his truck.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Witty guys...
speaker_heading: . DON
dialog: Shotgun!
text: | : Before Don gets in the truck, he reaches over, pulls up the tarp,
text: ! and glances under it.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: How's Ronnie doin’ today?
scene_heading: 9 EXT: ROAD TO JUNIOR HIGH - DAY
text: As they drive along, Pink tries to explain the Vietnam situation
text: to Benny without being too condescending.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: ..,Well maybe because our country
dialog: had something to do with fucking up
dialog: 1 . where they lived and the least we
dialog: . could do was help out the ones that
dialog: got away.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Now wait. The side we were
dialog: fighting for finally lost, right?
speaker_heading: BENNY .
dialog: But not while we were fighting with
dialog: them. :
scene_heading: 10 EXT: JUNIOR HIGH - DAY
text: They pull up in front of “Edgar Allen Poe Intermediate School’
dialog: and park. .
speaker_heading: -_ PINK
dialog: o Everyone was bailing out, but hey,
dialog: ‘ when they lost we lost.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: We never lost no war, man.
speaker_heading: PINK
text: when the communist croops swarmed
dialog: into Saigon and everybody was
text: running for their lives, holding on
text: to planes and pushing choppers into
dialog: che sea and shit, it was all over.
dialog: A defeat by any logical definition.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Tt might not have worked out
dialog: perfectly. but I bet we killed a
dialog: ot more of chem than they killed
dialog: us, right?
text: Benny positions a speaker on top of Pink's truck and hits a
text: switch on his CB. He reaches for the mic. .
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Yes... we probably killed lers more
dialog: of them than they did us.
speaker_heading: BENNY :
dialog: That's all I'm saying.
text: With his board in one hand and the mic in the other, Benny
text: assumes a confrontational pose facing a wall of classrooms that
text: are all glass windows, many of which are open.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Okay all you freshman wimps, listen
dialog: up! Any of you ever heard of Fred
dialog: O’Bannion? He was the meanest
dialog: senior last year. I would've been
dialog: the meanest senior this year except
dialog: QO'Bannion just found out he‘s going
dialog: to be a senior again this next
dialog: year. He flunked out and he’s
dialog: really pissed off about it! I feel
dialog: sorry for you guys. And because we
dialog: feel sorry for you, we're going to
dialog: take it easy on you. I£ you wait
dialog: for us after school today, you'll
dialog: only get one lick from each of us.
dialog: If you run like the cowards you
dialog: are, it's open season all summer
dialog: long. And Mitch Kerr... we're
dialog: especially looking for you! Your
dialog: ass will be purple before this day
dialog: is over!
dialog: 11
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT: JUNIOR HIGH CLASSROOM - DAY
text: The room is buzzing as MITCH KERR looks out the window with a
text: mixture Of dread, fear and excitement. Sitting near him are his
text: friends TOMMY LAWSON and CARL BURNS. A few seats away are GEEK
text: #1 and-GEEK #2, intensely playing a juvenile folded-
dialog: foorball game. ying aj ‘up paper
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: You better get out of town, man.
dialog: Spend the summer with your
dialog: grandparents or something.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You are going to show up to our
dialog: game tonight, aren’t you?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I'm pitching. Kind of have to.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: How should we inscribe your
dialog: tombstone?
speaker_heading: GEEK #1
dialog: How ‘bout “Bent over.”
text: He and Geek #2 giggle. Mitch and the other guys barely
dialog: acknowledge them.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah right, piss-ant.
dialog: (to others)
dialog: It's all because I supposedly smart-
dialog: mouthed some senior I've never met,
dialog: and because my sister is Miss
dialog: popularity... Why aren’t they
dialog: after anyone else?
speaker_heading: . CARL
dialog: They are, man, believe me.
text: Across the room, a group of FRESHMAN GIRLS (#1-#4) are going over
dialog: a list of those scheduled to be picked up after school by the
text: senior girls. SABRINA DAVIS, a little shy but more mature
text: looking than the others, sits away from the group but is .
text: listening in somewhat. Behind her is FRESHMAN GIRL #5 who, like
text: Sabrina, is not in the ‘inner circle.* Freshman Girl #1 reads
text: aloud from the list.
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #1
text: ...Nita, Terri, Jill.
dialog: (to Sabrina and Freshman
dialog: Girl #5)
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ~
dialog: =~
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #1 (Cont'd)
dialog: Sorry, looks like you guys didn't
dialog: make it.
dialog: -. (co others)
dialog: Okay, it says to wear clothes you
dialog: don't mind getting ruined...
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #3
dialog: and I heard to never wear shorts or
dialog: your knees will be skinned _
text: complecely off from air-raiding so
dialog: much,
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #4
dialog: You know Tammy Jones was blinded
dialog: for all last summer...
scene_heading: . _ FRESHMAN GIRL #1
dialog: After ic was all over last year Jo
text: Ann Gregory's hair was matted so
dialog: bad she had co have mose of it cuc
dialog: off...
text: They let out an almost collective moan at what awaits them but
text: are excited at the same time. Sitting a few desks over, BLACK
text: CLASSMATES #1,#2, and #3 are taking this all in.
scene_heading: BLACK CLASSMATE #1
dialog: Girl, you gotta be crazy to let
dialog: some big girl do that to you.
scene_heading: BLACK CLASSMATE #2
dialog: You white girls are funny.
scene_heading: BLACK CLASSMATE #3
dialog: And I wouldn’t let one of those
dialog: senior guys whip my butt for no
dialog: reason. Nobody but my daddy’s ever
dialog: done that.
text: Standing in the hallway trying to get someone’s attention is
text: CHRIS PENTICO, a fellow student.
speaker_heading: PENTICO
dialog: Hey, get Mitch.
text: Freshman Girl #3 looks over at Mitch.
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #3
dialog: Psst!
text: Mitch looks over at her and then sees Pencico in the hallway
text: holding up a set of keys.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Awwriight! Pentico goc his
text: brother‘s car.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Thank god.
text: | Pentico points down the hall.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: {to others)
dialog: He’1ll be at the side door.
text: Tommy walks up to the teacher, MR. LINDSAY, who is reading over
dialog: some papers.
speaker_heading: . TOMMY
dialog: You know Mr. Lindsay, every second
dialog: you let us out early increases our
dialog: chances of survival exponentially.
text: Mr. Lindsay looks up and chen assumes a new air, ready to say
dialog: something wise to the young men.
dialog: ’ .
scene_heading: Co ~ MR. LINDSAY
dialog: It‘s like our sergeant cold us
dialog: before one trip into the jungle:
dialog: (maniacal) .
dialog: “Men, 50 of you are leaving on this
dialog: mission and 20 of you ain’t comin’
dialog: ack.”
text: The boys look up as if wanting to hear more. They don’t.
speaker_heading: CARL .
dialog: : That's it, end of story?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: That's your send-off?
scene_heading: MR. LINDSAY
dialog: You want more? What do you want to
dialog: hear?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I don’t know, what happened?
scene_heading: MR. LINDSAY
dialog: Pretty much whac he said.
text: They all kind of look at each other and groan.
dialog: 12
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: EXT: HIGH SCHOOL PRACTICE FIELD - Cay
text: Pink’s truck pulls up near the practice field. Several coaches
text: are milling about when they notice a few of their prize specimens
text: have arrived. COACH CLEMENTS, an older and rather stoic man is
text: flankéd by COACH ALPERT, who's younger, bigger, more aggressive
text: and playful. He approaches the guys as they get ouc of the
text: cruck.
speaker_heading: COACH ALPERT :
dialog: Any of you ladies gonna be ready to
dialog: play some football this coming
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I've been doing so good in my
dialog: English classes, coach, I think I'm
dialog: going to take next fall off and
dialog: . become a writer.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: COACH ALPERT
dialog: Boy, you couldn't write your name
dialog: if it wasn’t stenciled on your
dialog: locker.
dialog: {to all of them)
dialog: Now don't go getting soft on me
dialog: this summer... Sitting by a pool
text: somewhere, chasing the muff
dialog: around...
text: They all laugh a little as they start walking back to the school.
speaker_heading: COACH ALPERT
dialog: Break down!
text: Benny automatically falls into a stance where his knees are bent,
text: his fists are clenched and held firmly up near his face, almost
dialog: karate-like. Don only slightly goes through such ridiculous
text: motions and Pink not at all.
speaker_heading: COACH ALPERT
dialog: Hell, my grandmother's quicker and
dialog: tougher than you panty-waists...
dialog: Course she is 6'3*, 250 and runs a
dialog: 4.5 forty. :
text: Noticing Pink's poor attitude, Coach Clements suddenly rouses a
text: little and points at him.
speaker_heading: COACK CLEMENTS
dialog: Randy Floyd, before next fall,
dialog: you're in need of a serious
dialog: attitude adjustment young man.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Don and Benny glance back at the coach and then at Pink, who
text: keeps walking but doesn’t say anything back,
speaker_heading: COACH CLEMENTS
dialog: Better get your priorities straight
dialog: and watch out with that other crowd
dialog: you're running with. Don’t think
dialog: we haven‘t noticed.
text: As soon as they are all at a safe distance and walking tsward che
text: school, the guys start to ride Pink a litcle.
dialog: . : . DON
dialog: Priorities...
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: ‘ An actitude adjustmenc...
speaker_heading: . PINK
dialog: Forget you guys.
text: As they continue to walk, HUDSON HIGGINS drives up near them.
text: FRED O’BANNION is sitting in the passenger side of the car.
speaker_heading: QO’ BANNION
dialog: Benny, let‘s go.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: . (to Don and Pink)
dialog: I.told O’Bannion I’d go over there
text: with him and Hudson.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Later.
text: Benny heads off while Don and Pink enter the school.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Don and Pink walk down the hall in no particular hurry. In his
text: usual sogky way, Don looks into various classrooms along the way,
dialog: acknowledging those he deems worthy of recognition. As an
text: UNDERCLASSMAN walks by, looking a bit afraid of Don to begin
text: with, Don acts like he’s going to hit him. The Underclassman
text: reacts by covering himself up and bracing for the blow. Don
text: pulls his punch, of course, and leaves the Underclassman to walk
text: off cotally humiliated. He and Pink keep walking like noching
text: happened. Soon they are at the door to Pink‘s class.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: I betcer put in a final
dialog: appearance...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DCN .
dialog: Who you got in here with you?
text: He looks in and sees the very cute and sensual LETICIA GARCIA
text: sitting near the door.
speaker_heading: __ DON
dialog: Chi-chi! Come skip out. Let's go
dialog: get naked...
text: She smiles but shakes her head ‘no." He sticks his tongue out at
text: her very suggestively. The teacher, MS. STROUD, suddenly looks
text: out the door and begins to close it.
speaker_heading: MS. STROUD
dialog: Take it somewhere else, Mr. Dollar.
dialog: (to Pink)
dialog: You gracing us with your presence
dialog: today Mr. Floyd?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Why not...
dialog: (to Don)
dialog: See you up there lacer.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: (to Floyd)
dialog: Later Pink.
dialog: _ {to Ms. Stroud).
dialog: Ginny, I been meaning to ask you
dialog: out. What are you doing chis
dialog: weekend? It'll be legal...
dialog: school's out.
text: She rolls her eyes a bit as he walks off smiling and then closes
text: the door. Don continues down the hall but, without an audience,
text: seems a little lonely, Suddenly, MR. IRVINE walks around a
text: corner and looks straight at him.
scene_heading: MR. IRVINE .
dialog: Don, either get in a classroom or
dialog: come to my office, right now!
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: I’m right here in Mrs. Snelgrove’s.
dialog: I was running an errand.
text: He quickly ducks into a classroom.
scene_heading: INT: CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Don walks into the class and soon acknowledges Pickford,
text: Michelle, and JULIE DANFORD sitting in the back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He then walks up to the teacher, MRS. SNELGROVE, an old lady on
text: the verge of retirement. She's reading a romance novel and
text: doesn’t even know he’s there until he speaks up.
speaker_heading: CON
text: Mrs. Snelgrove. Mr. Irvine is out
text: in the hall and requests to speak
dialog: to you briefly.
text: Possibly not even sure if Don is in her class or not, she gets up
text: and walks to the door. Seeing nobody, she walks a little out
text: into the hall. At this, Don suddenly shuts the door behind her
text: and locks it. As she knocks on the door, he heads to the back of
text: the room and opens a window.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Hey, let‘s get ouc of here.
text: He hops out as Pickford, Michelle, Julie, and several others
dialog: follow.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Let’s go.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: We‘re out of here.
speaker_heading: : JULIE
dialog: Cool...
scene_heading: EXT: COURTYARD OUTSIDE CLASSROOMS - DAY
text: Others continue to hop out the window into a courtyard area and
text: generally head to the parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT: COURTYARD - DAY
text: Trying to get Pink's attention, Don taps on the glass of the
text: window to his classroom.
scene_heading: INT: CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Inside the classroom, the students are anxiously waiting for
text: school to let out. Pink subtly heads to the back of the room,
text: opens the window, and talks to Don. In the front of the class,
text: Ms. Stroud is sitting and talking informally with a few of the
text: more interested students.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17
dialog: }
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: '
dialog: (—
dialog: ye
dialog: |;
dialog: | 19
dialog: |!
dialog: I
dialog: 20
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MS. STROUD
dialog: .:-I don’t think ic matters who
dialog: finally gets nominated, the
dialog: Democratic candidate is going to
dialog: win in the fall...
text: Across the room, Jodi, Shavonne and DARLA WOODS plan their
dialog: strategy.
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE
dialog: (to Darla)
dialog: So all the supplies are in your
dialog: truck?
speaker_heading: DARLA
text: Just waiting for the righe momenc.
text: She smiles in a sort of menacing way. The beil finally rings but
text: before everyone gets going, Mrs. Stroud signals for them to
dialog: listen up to one last thing.
speaker_heading: MS. STROUD
dialog: Just remember this summer, when
dialog: you're being further inundated with
dialog: all kinds of American bi-centennial
dialog: brouhaha: what we're really
dialog: celebrating is the fact that a
dialog: bunch of slave-owning, aristocratic
dialog: white males didn't wane to pay
dialog: their taxes.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Have a good summer.
scene_heading: INT: HALLWAY - DAY
text: People dart out of the classroom and into the hall where scudents
text: are trashing it with extra paper and random contents from their
text: lockers. Darla, Jodi and Shavonne all head for the parking lor.
scene_heading: EXT: HIGH SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Cars are starting and music is blaring. Darla checks to make
text: sure their supplies in the back are secure while the others pile
text: in. Soon they are off.
scene_heading: EXT; JUNIOR HIGH - DAY
text: Outside the junior high, all hell's breaking lose. Some $ are
text: running for their lives as cars of seniors take off after them.
text: Some boys make it to their parent's car or a school bus just
text: ahead of the seniors. Mitch, Tommy, and Carl all jump in
text: Pentico's idling car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 22
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: ADAM HIRSH is carrying lots of books and is lagging behind chem
dialog: a bit.
speaker_heading: me CARL
dialog: Hurry up Hirsh or we're gonna leave
dialog: your ass!
text: Hirsh makes it to the car and they speed off. Unfortunately, as
text: they are pulling out of the parking lot, they pull up right nexc
text: to the car with O’Bannion, Benny and Hudson in it. Almose
text: simultaneously as they are spotted, they all duck down in their
text: seats in total horror.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Shit! Thac’s them. Let’s gee out
dialog: of here.
text: O’Bannion can barely contain himself at the sight of the entire
dialog: carload.
speaker_heading: O’ BANNION
dialog: Shoowee! Ducks on the pond!
text: Pentico manages to pull out ahead of them but the chase is on.
scene_heading: EXT: JUNIOR HIGH - DAY
text: In contrast, the senior girls seem much more organized and
text: orderly as they load up three trucks with nervous and giggling
text: freshman girls. Before getting in, the seniors put pacifiers in
text: their mouths. With the trucks almost full, Jodi happens to
text: notice Sabrina standing nearby.
dialog: Jopr
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Uh, nobody... I mean I wasn'e on
dialog: the list.
speaker_heading: JoprI
dialog: Get in.
text: Sabrina looks a little hesitant at first but soon gets in the
text: back of one of the trucks. Jodi gives her a pacifier while
text: Freshman Girls #1 and #4 look a liccle miffed that Sabrina made
text: the cut somehow.
scene_heading: EXT: SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
text: In hot pursuit, the carload of seniors are right behind Pentico's
text: car, honking and waving their boards in the air.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Co . . 24.
dialog: mo
speaker_heading: 22) CONTINUED:
text: The nervous freshmen sit in Pentico’s car like caged animals,
speaker_heading: - CARL
dialog: Pentico! Lose those ass-wipes!
speaker_heading: PENTICO
dialog: I'm trying, man!
text: | He takes a quick turn that the seniors miss. 8ut, instead of
text: backing up or turning around, Hudson trenches through the yard cf
text: a corner tot and is soon right behind Pentico's car again.
dialog: )
scene_heading: | 23 EXT: SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
text: Inside Pentico’s car, Mitch anxiously has his hand on the d
text: . ‘handle. The car suddenly slows down. oor
speaker_heading: 1 PENTICO
dialog: . You better haul ass man...
dialog: TO!
dialog: Good luck.
dialog: '
scene_heading: —_ 24 EXT: MITCH'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Mitch suddenly leaps out of the car, runs to his front door and
text: vanishes. The seniors don’t know what to think,
speaker_heading: Q' BANNION
dialog: Those little fuckers! Fuck! That
dialog: was Kerr!
speaker_heading: ' BENNY
dialog: Damn!
speaker_heading: ' 0! BANNION
dialog: That’s bullshit!
scene_heading: 25 EXT: CARL'S HOUSE - DAY
text: When Carl jumps out near his house, O’Bannion is out of the car
text: \ and right behind him. He quickly overtakes him and is soon
text: . standing ‘between Carl and his front door, paddle in hand.
speaker_heading: OQ’ BANNION .
dialog: Nice try, freshman... And just for
dialog: being so brave, I'm only going to
dialog: give you three licks.
text: ™ Just as he starts getting his board ready, the front door opens
text: ( and CARL’S MOM is standing there with a shotgun. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CARL'S MOM
dialog: I don't think so, you creep...
text: Carl is horrified and embarrassed at his mother's behavior.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Mooom!
speaker_heading: CARL'S MOM
dialog: Get in the house, Carl.
dialog: (to O’Bannion)
dialog: Now get the hell off my property.
text: Q’Bannion is slightly shocked but soon amused at all this and
text: just slowly backs away with his hands up in the air a little.
scene_heading: . . O’ BANNION
dialog: (extreme sarcasm)
dialog: Sorry, ma’‘am. Just making sure
dialog: your son got home safely. You two
dialog: have a pleasant afternoon. Oh, and
dialog: Carl, I'll be seeing you around.
text: He smiles at Carl like ‘I'm going to kill you when I get the
text: chance* and walks off. .
scene_heading: EXT: DAIRY QUEEN PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The freshman girls are in a circle with the senior girls walking
text: around them. The attitude of the senior girls varies from fun-
text: loving to sadistic. Darla seems to have assumed the role of
text: tyrannical drill instructor.
speaker_heading: DARLA .
dialog: You disgusting little freshmen
dialog: sluts... AIR-RAID!
text: The freshmen girls are on their stomachs immediately.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: That was pitiful! On your feet,
dialog: you lazy little bitches!
text: As soon as they are all up, she yells again.
speaker_heading: D
dialog: Air-raid!
text: They drop again.
speaker_heading: DARLA .
dialog: How did you punks ever make it out
dialog: of junior high?
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
dialog: 26
dialog: 26,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: DARLA (Cont'd)
dialog: The future of our high school is
dialog: doomed with losers like you no-
dialog: counts coming in. Now, let's try it
dialog: one more time...
dialog: Most don't know exactly what she wants and don't get up very
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: That means GET UP you worthless
dialog: liccle bitches!
text: They all get up immediately.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: . Air-raid!
text: They all are on the pavement quicker than ever.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: Well, we tried, we gave you a
dialog: chance. But because you little
text: prick teases can't quite follow
dialog: instructions, we're going to have
dialog: to try something else.
text: She signals to several of the others who bring over ‘the
text: supplies.’ Soon they are dumping rounds of flour, syrup, ketchup,
text: and vegetable oil all over them. Occasionally one will crack an
text: egg over someone’s head. Meanwhile, in the crowd of amused
text: onlookers, Tony and Mike analyze the proceedings as they sip
text: slushes.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: .. What's fascinating is the way
dialog: not only the school, but the entire
dialog: community supports all this or at
dialog: least turns their heads. I mean,
dialog: they apparently have permission to
dialog: use this parking lot, no parents
dialog: seem to mind...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: And actually, the freshmen girls
dialog: are even made to feel privileged to
dialog: be participating.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: As are the freshmen guys who the
dialog: seniors want to bust the most.
dialog: It's the ultimate stamp of
dialog: approval.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26
dialog: 27,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Back in the pack of girls, the seniors have now paired off with
text: the girls and are humiliating them individually. Shavonne walks
text: Freshman Girl #1 over to Pink, who's standing there with Don and
text: some of the others.
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE,
dialog: Propose cto Mr. Floyd.
text: Freshman Girl #1 gets down on her knees.
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL 41
dialog: Will you marry me?
speaker_heading: . PINK
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Well, I dunno... what'll you do for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #1
dialog: Anything you want.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #1
dialog: Anything.
text: Don whispers something in Pink’s ear. They both laugh a bit.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: He wants to know if you swallow or
dialog: spit?
text: She‘s not even sure what he’s talking about.
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #1
dialog: Uhh, whatever you like.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Okay, I guess I'll marry you.
text: While Freshman Girl #4 is pushing an egg across the parking loc
text: with her nose, Darla is giving Freshman Girl #3 a hard time.
text: pokes her in the breasts.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: What are these?
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #3
dialog: Uhhh... well...
text: A bit confused, she looks at Darla’s rather flat chest.
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL #3
dialog: Maybe you wouldn‘t know...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: she
dialog: , 26
dialog: r, 27,
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
dialog: . |. DARLA
dialog: Air-raid smarcass!
text: She does.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: Get up!
text: When she does, Darla pokes her again even harder.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: They‘re scill here. Keep air-
dialog: raiding ‘till I get tired!
text: She hits the pavement again while a little farther away a small
text: group of freshmen are made to sing “Flaming Mamie* to the crowd.
speaker_heading: FRESHMEN CHORUS
dialog: "I'm a flamin' Mamie, I'm a bedtime
dialog: baby, I'm the hottest Little momma
dialog: in town..."
speaker_heading: ___ _DARLA
dialog: Now sing ‘Seniors’!
scene_heading: . FRESHMEN CHORUS
scene_heading: ‘Seniors, seniors, s8-e-n-i-o-r-s,
dialog: Seniors, seniors, $-e@-n-i-o-r-s,
dialog: They're the seniors of 8.H.S.
dialog: They're the seniors and they're the
dialog: best, Seniors, seniors, s-e-n-i-o-
dialog: res...”
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT: FIELD NEAR DAIRY QUEEN - DAY
text: We suddenly SEE the goings on from a great distance, through
text: binoculars. Then we SEE the freshman Geek #2 hand the binoculars
text: over to Geek #1, who quickly zeros in on the action. They are in
text: a field that overlooks the parking lot. :
speaker_heading: GEEK #2 .
dialog: Man, they're really getting it!
text: Terri is pushing a peanut across
text: the parking lot with her nose.
speaker_heading: GEEK #1
dialog: Ha! Jill just got an egg cracked
text: over her butt...
text: They both chuckle. Suddenly, Benny and Hudson appear behind
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: o 29,
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Hold it right chere you little fuck-
dialog: i _ wads!
text: ! They freeze, terrified.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: + What are you guys doing up here?
dialog: . Spying on your classmates?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: What grade you in?
speaker_heading: GEEK #2
dialog: Going into 8th, sir.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Bullshit! You're freshmen...
speaker_heading: ' : GEEK #1
dialog: y No it's true.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: . Then why the fuck are you up here
dialog: o in the weeds?
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: t GEEK #1
dialog: The only reason we're up here is we
dialog: : didn‘c want to be mistaken for
dialog: ! freshmen.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: 1 You're lying... bend over.
speaker_heading: , GEEK #2
dialog: ' Oh man...
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: ' You don't want to get busted? Tell
dialog: ' ug something useful. Where are all
dialog: 1 you little rats gonna be hiding
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: | GEEK #1
dialog: ' Uh, there's a party tonight at the
dialog: \' Catholic ree room.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: We already know that shit, that’s
dialog: easy. Tell us something we don't
dialog: know, like where we can get Kerr.
text: oo The two Geeks look at each ocher but aren't sure what to say.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 27° CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SENNY
dialog: That's ic. Bend over and kiss your
text: asses goodbye.
speaker_heading: GEEK #2
dialog: ‘Ne know where Micch is going to be.
text: Benny and Hudson look at each other like ‘bingo.*
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: Well maybe now you're talkin’ a
dialog: litcle bit.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: where?
speaker_heading: GEEK #1
dialog: . You won't bust us?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Tell us and I might cut you some
dialog: slack.
speaker_heading: GEEK #1
dialog: You won't bust us?_
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: Tell me where I can find Kerr
dialog: tonight and I won't bust you.
text: They both hesitate a bit at the thought of informing, but Geek #1
text: finally gives in.
speaker_heading: GEEK #1
text: He's pitching in the 8 o'clock
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: : BENNY
dialog: Well, well, what do you know.
speaker_heading: GEEK #2
dialog: We can go now?
text: Geek #1 starts to move away but is quickly cut off by Benny.
speaker_heading: BENNY .
dialog: Now hold on a second, just hold on
text: a little bic there.
dialog: (mock seriousness)
dialog: Something you guys said disturbs me
dialog: a little. Lec me get this straight-
dialog: maybe I'ma little slow...°
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: I 27 CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: { _ BENNY (Cont'd)
dialog: Okay, first you guys lie to us,
dialog: . your seniors, that you're not
dialog: 4 = freshmen, and then you narc on a
dialog: good friend of yours.:. is that
dialog: | right?
text: i Sensing a no-win situation, they give no response.
speaker_heading: . BENNY
dialog: \k (getting madder)
dialog: fe I think there's only one thing I
dialog: ' hate more in this world than a liar
dialog: ' and that's someone who would
text: tocally rip-off a friend.
dialog: | (instructional)
dialog: i! Assume the angle.
speaker_heading: , GEEK #1
dialog: ‘ . You guys said you wouldn't bust us!
speaker_heading: i HUDSON
dialog: i I said I wouldn't bust you...
scene_heading: ' . BENNY
dialog: a I didn't promise shit. Grab your
dialog: ankles!
text: \ They both reluctantly and nervously bend over and brace
dialog: | themselves for pain.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: . And as they say, this is going to
dialog: 4 hurt you a lot more than it's going
dialog: } : : to hurt me.
text: He gives them each a major whack.
speaker_heading: ; _. HUDSON
dialog: \ Air-raid!
text: it They both hit the ground and then get up for another whack of
dialog: Senny’s board
scene_heading: Vn 28 EXT: DAIRY QUEEN PARKING LOT - DAY
text: | Back at the parking lot, Tony and Mike continue to contemplate
text: 1 all that's going on around them, enjoying it at the same time.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: ...I believe it's because we don't
dialog: have a significant rival high
dialog: on school within 30 miles of us...
dialog: \ more
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ' 28
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TONY (Cone'd)
dialog: You know, most schools have a cross-
dialog: town rival or the next town over is
dialog: the mutually agreed upon “evil
dialog: other* in which one can project all
dialog: hostility and blame.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: .-.So it's like we've declared war
dialog: on ourselves... feeding off our
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: TONY :
text: Exactly - under the guise of an
dialog: initiation ritual.
text: Just then, Jodi brings Sabrina over to propose to Tony. Sabrina
text: shyly gets down on her knees in front of him.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Will you marry me?
text: Tony seems a little awkward at firse but soon gets in che swing
dialog: of the game. :
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: What am I supposed to say here?
dialog: : (mocking himself)
dialog: So, uhhh, what'll ya give me?
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Anything you want.
speaker_heading: ‘TONY
dialog: Define anything.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Whatever you want.
speaker_heading: TONY |
dialog: Think of the possibilities...
text: There seems to be an attraction between them. Since Jodi has
text: wandered off, Tony gestures for her to stand up.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So really,. what's your name?
speaker_heading: ; SABRINA
dialog: Sabrina.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'm Tony. Anthony, actually. This
dialog: is Mike.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: | 28
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Hi.
text: Jodi wanders back over.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: So what's going on over here,
dialog: social hour? I'm supposed to be
dialog: being a bitch right now,
dialog: (co Sabrina) _
dialog: Back to the pit, kid.
text: Sabrina glances back at Tony as she's being marched away. ‘Tony
text: kind of waves bye cto her and she sort of waves back in a shy but
text: ‘slightly teasing manner.
speaker_heading: . MIKE
dialog: Am I mistaken or did you just catch
dialog: a bit of a rap with that young
dialog: thing.
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: You stud...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: {mock cocky)
dialog: Well, you know how it is.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I bec she's pretty cute once you
dialog: clean all thac shit off her.
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: It’s finall happening, . . we're
dialog: seniors. ey‘ll now be all kinds
dialog: of younger girls who think we're
dialog: cool just by virtue of our age and
dialog: senior status.
speaker_heading: _ TONY
dialog: I guess it’s some sort of a
dialog: compensation for all these tortuous
dialog: years of neglect. You have to
dialog: admit, despite our accomplishments
dialog: in other areas, we don’t have a
dialog: whole lot to show for ourselves in
dialog: the female category.
text: Mike sees an Opportunity to build his case for them going out
dialog: later that night.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ‘ 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah and it's pretty tough wnen you
dialog: never want to put yourself in a
dialog: position of MAYBE something
dialog: happening. MAYBE if we left che
dialog: poker table one weekend night and
dialog: did something else, MAYBE something
dialog: would have the opportunity of
dialog: happening. And then you might jusce
dialog: experience something a little more
dialog: tangible than an Abraham Lincoln
dialog: ream...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: And MAYBE if you wouldn't set che
dialog: dialectic up in such simple and
dialog: confrontational terms, just MAYBE
dialog: I could do it and not feel bullied
dialog: into it. You could use a Thomas
dialog: Jefferson dream.
scene_heading: EXT: DAIRY QUEEN PARKING LOT - DAY
text: On the other side of the parking lot, O’Bannion comes walking
text: over to where Benny, Hudson, Don and some others are swapping
text: their first round of senior-guy bonding stories.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: ...Man, Benny wore their butts out.
dialog: Oh lord did he bust their ass...
text: The others laugh.
speaker_heading: O’BANNION .
dialog: Did you hear I got a shotgun pulled
dialog: on my ass?
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: No! Who?
speaker_heading: O’ BANNION
dialog: That guy I wene after. What’s that
dialog: little fucker's name... Carl
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: Carl Burns.
speaker_heading: OQ’ BANNION
dialog: Yeah, that's it. Burns. The door
text: went flying open and his old lady’s
text: standing there with a fuckin’
dialog: shotgun. I said whooah bitch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: _~ .
speaker_heading: 29 CONTINUED:
text: The others laugh.
speaker_heading: 0’ BANNION
dialog: : . I can't wait cto find thac fucker.
dialog: He‘s dead meat.
text: He simulates swinging his board and giving a big whack to
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: ' 0" SANNION
dialog: { And here's one for your mother,
dialog: \ motherfucker.
dialog: ' Laughter.
scene_heading: ! 30 EXT: CAR WASH - LATER AFTERNOON
text: ie The trucks full of freshmen go through an automatic car wash,
text: u Cleaning off the girls. They sing °S-e-n-i-o-r-s‘ as they go
dialog: i . through.
dialog: '
scene_heading: , 31. EXT: DARLA‘S TRUCK - DAY
text: o ~~ The freshmen girls are being driven home. In the back of Darla’s
text: ' truck, Jodi sits with Sabrina and some of the other freshmen.
speaker_heading: | JODI
dialog: ' Do you have a big sister yet?
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: at No. I really don't know anyone.
dialog: ‘ Me and mom just moved here about
dialog: i| : 3ix months ago. .
speaker_heading: t JODI
dialog: , What does your mom do?
dialog: ' (a little uncomfortable)
dialog: Something to do with a hotel. Her
dialog: ; and ny dad got divorced and we
dialog: moved.
speaker_heading: , SABRINA
dialog: |
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: ‘ JODI
dialog: uv Which house is it?
text: j Sabrina looks out at the neighborhood.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: This one here.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: EXT: NEAR SABRINA’S HOUSE - DAY
text: The truck pulls up in frone of several houses.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: I know it's kind of corny, but ©
dialog: ‘was supposed to have a littie
dialog: sister by now. what do you chink?
text: Sabrina smiles.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Yeah sure.
dialog: Jopr
dialog: And me and some friends are going
dialog: to a party conight. Wanna come?
speaker_heading: . SABRINA
dialog: Yeah, that sounds fun.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: We'll probably be by around 8:30.
dialog: Is that cool?
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Yeah. .
text: The truck drives off and Sabrina begins to walk up the driveway.
text: She watches the truck disappear into the distance and then veers
text: around the house to a small trailer out back.
scene_heading: INT: SABRINA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Inside, she passes her MOM on the way to her room. Her mother
text: wears a maid's dress and sits watching TV with a drink in her
text: hand and a cigarette burning. She doesn‘t seem to notice that
text: Sabrina is wet and dishevelled.
speaker_heading: SABRINA’S MOM
dialog: Hi honey...
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Hi.
text: Sabrina walks to her room.
scene_heading: EXT: PICKFORD'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Pink knocks on Pickford's front door while his parents are.
text: loading up the family station wagon. His mother notices him.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD‘S MOM
dialog: Are you looking for Keith?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34
dialog: i 35
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Yeah, is he here?
scene_heading: . PICKFORD’S MOM
dialog: Go on in. I think he's here.
scene_heading: INT: PICKFORD’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Pink lets himself in and walks down the hall. He comes :o
text: Pickford's door and knocks. The door cracks a bit and we see
text: Pickford's paranoid glance. Seeing Pink, he opens the door.
text: They do one of their patented slow, cool handshakes as he enters
text: his room of rock star posters, centerfolds, and surrealistic
text: prints. Michelle sits in a bean-bag chair with headphones on.
speaker_heading: ‘ PICKFORD
dialog: Piiink...
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: My man...
text: Pickford goes back over to the door and locks it by sticking an
text: ice pick in a hole-in the fxame that acts like a dead-bolt. He
text: then goes over to his bottom drawer and removes it completely.
text: In the space below the bottom drawer, he pulls out his stash. He
text: grabs a pre-rolled joint off his Frisbee tray and lights it up
text: afcer he hands Pink a full bag.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: A sample of the goods?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Cool...
text: He takes a hit and passes it back.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Fifteen bucks...
text: As Pink hands over some cash, there's a sudden knock at the door.
text: He panics, quickly handing the joint back to Pickford, who cries
text: to remain calm as he quietly but quickly starts putting
dialog: everything away.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD’S MOM (0.S.}
dialog: Keith, I think you need to come out
dialog: ere.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: PICKFORD'S MOM i0.S.)
dialog: There's someone here that says he
dialog: needs to talk to you.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: What about? who is it?
text: He finishes putting everything away and even gives a little quick
text: spray of some air freshener. Then there's a loud knock at the
text: door and his father's voice rings out.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD'S DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Keith! Open the door.
text: Pickford pulls out the ice pick lock and opens the door. At the
text: last minute Pink remembers he has a bag of pot in his hand and
text: stuffs ic down the front of his pants.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Who's out there?:
text: PICKFORD‘S DAD, a rather large man semi-fashionably dressed in a
text: leisure suit type outfit, steps into the room.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD’S DAD
dialog: Did you order some kegs of beer?
text: Suppressing a panic, Pickford walks over to his window and looks
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT: PICKFORD’S HOUSE - DAY
text: We see Pickford’s P.O.V. out the window. There is a guy
text: unloading kegs from his liquor truck.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Mother fucker...
dialog: (to father)
dialog: That guy said I had something to do
dialog: with those kegs?
scene_heading: EXT: PICKFORD’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Outside, Pickford walks right up co him. Oblivious to the
text: situation, the delivery guy pulls out some paperwork.
scene_heading: DELIVERY GUY _
dialog: Are you the right Mr. Pickford?
text: Pickford is so angry he is practically chewing his teeth.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: o : 39.
speaker_heading: 37 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: (low voice)
dialog: Aren't you a little early?
text: The delivery guy looks at the paperwork.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY GUY
dialog: Oh, hour and a half early. I’m
dialog: trying.to get off early today so I
dialog: thought I‘d swing by and see if
dialog: anyone was here.
text: Pickford glances around and notices his parents are now watching
dialog: their interaction.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD :
dialog: .».50, I guess you got the wrong
dialog: , house...
text: The Delivery guy finally catches on when Pickford mocions with
text: his eyes to his parents.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY GUY
dialog: Yeah, okay. Sorry for the
dialog: o inconvenience. Wrong Mr. Pickford
dialog: “~~ altogether...
text: He starts loading the kegs back up and Pickford walks up the
dialog: driveway.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD’S DAD
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Were you going to have a party here
dialog: tonight, son?
scene_heading: PICKFORD .
dialog: No. I don't know WHAT that was all
dialog: about. .
speaker_heading: PICKFORD'S DAD
dialog: (to Pink)
dialog: Do you know anything about a party
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: ‘ I haven't heard anything...
text: His father looks at both of the young men for an extended moment
text: ‘ and then over at the kegs being loaded up. He looks back at chem
text: and then makes a decision, shaking his head.
scene_heading: PICKFORD’S DAD .
dialog: =~ Start unpacking - we're not going
dialog: ~ this weekend.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: He walks away.
scene_heading: F ke! PICKFORD‘S MOM
dialog: rank!
text: Pickford sees there is little he can do at this point j
text: stands there, practically in shock. ° and just
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: {low voice)
dialog: I can’t believe what just
dialog: happened...
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Bummer. Let's cruise.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: As the sun goes down and the music cranks up, we see various
dialog: early evening activity:
text: A) The lights going on at the Sonic drive-thru as a car cruises
dialog: through.
text: B) The lights going on at the baseball fields where games are
text: being played. Mitch is pitching in his game.
text: C) As they prepare for the evening, Jodi goes over to Shavonne
text: and with a pair of pliers helps zip up her almost physically
text: impossible tight jeans.
text: E) O’Bannion, Benny, and Hudson popping the top on some beers as
text: they drive around.
text: F) Pink, Pickford, and Slater pass a joint and watch Michelle in
text: the process of painting the Ronald McDonald statue black, white,
text: and red of an unspecified design. Pink takes off.
text: G) Tony setting out chips around the poker table while Mike makes
text: a phone call and Royce straightens up portraits of Washington,
text: Lincoln, and Kennedy that hang on Tony’s living room wall.
text: H) At the baseball field, seniors with their boards begin to
text: congregate by the dugout fence while Mitch pitches.
dialog: I) Freshman Girls #1-#4 taking turns blow drying their hair,
text: practicing dancing, and doing tongue exercises.
text: J) Jodi, Kaye and Shavonne picking up Sabrina as she sits on the
dialog: curb waiting.
text: K) Stoners #1 and #2 knocking on Pickford's door with the three
text: foot long bong in their hand. When Pickford’s father opens the
text: door, they look at him, then at each other, and practically
dialog: sprint away.
scene_heading: ' 38 XT: BASEBALL FIELD - NIGHT
text: Tommy, the catcher, approaches the mound to talk to Mitch who
text: looks past the dugout and sees the intimidating line of seniors
text: yO lined up with their boards.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, don't worry about those
dialog: | guys... Let's just get this laste
dialog: 1 guy out.
speaker_heading: hi MITCH
dialog: ! Yeah, easy for your ass to say.
speaker_heading: ' TOMMY
dialog: \ There's nothing you can do about
dialog: ac.
dialog: be
speaker_heading: \ MITCH
dialog: How'd they all know I was going to
dialog: mn be here?
dialog: ! , TOMMY
dialog: - Hey, forget them. You're pitching
dialog: a good game.
dialog: (joking)
dialog: ~
dialog: Just cause you're’ not going to be
dialog: able to sit down the rest of the
dialog: summer, don't let it affect your
dialog: | concentration,
speaker_heading: | MITCH
dialog: ' Up yours...
dialog: 1
text: jhe Tommy smiles and runs back to the plate while Carl, the
text: 1 : shortstop, comes to the mound.
dialog: ' :
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Hey Mitch. Can you do the rest of
dialog: Yi us a favor and leave through the
dialog: Io : gate in center field. That will
dialog: | draw them all out there and the
dialog: rest of us can get away. I mean,
dialog: they’re going to get you anyway.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Get out of here.
speaker_heading: CARL .
dialog: i But if you survive, cry to make it
dialog: to the party, okay? en I think
dialog: we're all camping out behind
text: Tommy’s house.
speaker_heading: i“ O’BANNION
dialog: . »Hey Kerr! Quit stalling!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BENNY ;
dialog: Hope you got more chan a jock strap
dialog: on under your uniform, Kerr!
text: Tommy runs back to his pos:cion and Mitch winds up and pitches.
dialog: Strike two.
speaker_heading: OQ’ BANNION
dialog: Don't choke now, Kerr! If you
dialog: don't get this guy out we're really
dialog: going to wear you out!
text: Mitch throws strike three to end the game. Amidst the hoopla, he
text: just stands there not knowing where to go. Eventually he gets :n
text: the line where the two teams walk down a row telling each ocher
text: "good game* but glances over at the group of seniors who are now
text: shadowing him. After his last ‘good game,* in which one of the
text: guys on the other team says ‘good luck,‘ he picks up his stuff
text: near the dugout, barely looks around, and then slowly walks
text: toward the center field gate. The seniors quickly head that way.
scene_heading: EXT: BASEBALL FIELD - NIGHT
text: Later, past the centerfield’ fence, the seniors are like a group
text: of wild animals feeding. They take turns giving Mitch licks as
text: he leans against a car. When they are through, they get in their
text: cars and trucks and take off.
text: Pink walks up as the last guy, Hudson, is giving Mitch licks.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: You next, Pink?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Yeah.
text: He borrows Hudson's board and stands behind Mitch, who looks up
text: at Pink wondering if he's going to bust him. His eyes are
text: completely red and watery.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: Hey you heard Pickford’s party got
dialog: busted...
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: “HUDSON
dialog: Total rip-off, man. His old man
text: found out. Someone narc’ed.
text: Pink pulls the board back all the way like he is going to hit
text: Mitch hard but bluffs and stops an inch from his rear end.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ( 43.
scene_heading: : 39 CONTINUED:
text: He then gives him the si:shcesc tap and hands the board back to
dialog: H Hudson.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: Buc hey man, we got a coupla sixers
dialog: ' and a few dubes... you with us?
speaker_heading: | PINK
dialog: l T‘ll probably catch up with you
dialog: later.
dialog: ii
speaker_heading: | HUDSON
dialog: 1 Later, man.
text: I Hudson cakes off to catch up with the others.
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: . PINK
dialog: Hey man, you need a ride?
text: Mitch seems surprised at his friendliness and then looks around
dialog: a bic.
speaker_heading: i : MITCH
dialog: . Yeah, I think everyone left me.
dialog: ie ~~ *
text: . He wipes his nose and eyes on his sleeve and is still holding
dialog: ' back tears.
scene_heading: ' 40 INT: FLOYD’S TRUCK ~- NIGHT
text: f A litele later, Pink and Mitch are driving along.
dialog: !
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: toe . ...Z remember they caught my ass
dialog: after baseball practice. Actually,
dialog: it's best to get a lot at one time.
dialog: After about 10, your butt gets so
dialog: iD numb you might as well get it over
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: |: Yeah...
text: PINK.
dialog: ’ I had some cool seniors, though.
dialog: They'd bust the hell out of you
dialog: fj then take you out, get you drunk...
dialog: ! stuff like that.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: oe (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Since the party isn't happening, me
dialog: and some other guys will probably
dialog: end up riding around. Want us to
dialog: eruise by and get you?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Think it's safe?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Yeah, should be. After you get it
dialog: bad, even the guys that haven't
dialog: busted you yet will give you a few
dialog: days. It'd be a cool move to go
dialog: out and let ‘em know it doesn't
dialog: bother you chat much.
scene_heading: EXT: MITCH’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: They pull up to Mitch’s house where he gets out.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Be by in an hour and a half or
dialog: SO... .
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Cool. Thanks for the ride, man.
speaker_heading: ‘ PINK
dialog: Sure. Hey, put some ice on it for
dialog: about an hour. After that it’ll be
dialog: neching a few beers can't take care
dialog: of.
text: Pink speeds off.
scene_heading: INT: MAIN DRAG - NIGKT
text: Inside Jodi‘s car, the girls are jammin' to the Isley Brother's
text: “Fight the Power.* Jodi is driving and checking out everyone
text: they drive past. Kaye is in the passenger seat while Sabrina
text: sits in the back just kind of checking everything out. A carload
text: of girls, driven by Julie, pulls up beside them.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (to Kaye and Jodi)
dialog: Did you guys know the party was
dialog: cancelled?
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 4s.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Nobody told us anything! We just
dialog: went by there and his father yelied
dialog: ~ at us.
text: They drive away and are soon replaced by a carload of guys, PARTY
text: GUY #1, PARTY GUY #2, and an aggressive jerk we will come to know
text: later as CLINT. The driver, Party Guy #1, quickly checks them
text: out and makes extended eye contact with Sabrina before driving
dialog: ° .
speaker_heading: PARTY GUY #1
dialog: I like the one in the back seat
dialog: best.
text: They pull away but Sabrina is perked up a bit.
speaker_heading: ‘ SABRINA
dialog: What did he say?
text: Kay® and Jodi decide to give Sabrina a hard time.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Who, chat gy? I think he said
dialog: something like, °The one in che
dialog: back seat looks like a dyke!*
text: They both howl with laughter.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: No he didn't!
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: Yeah, you're right, he actually
dialog: said: .
dialog: (mock drawl)
dialog: “Looks like the one in the back
text: seat could suck the chrome off a
dialog: trailer hitch.*
text: They both shriek with laughter again.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Yeah, that’s exactly what he said.
scene_heading: INT: TONY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The guys are in the middle of a hand, but, as usual, are more
text: focused on their conversation than on winning another quarter.
speaker_heading: MIKE —
dialog: ...I/m just saying, once you're
dialog: labeled, that’s it.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
dialog: a6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIKE ‘Cont'd)
dialog: High school kids don’t seem to be
dialog: able co comprehend muit:faceted
dialog: "personalities...
speaker_heading: _ TONY
dialog: Sounds like sour grapes to me...
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: So how have you been labeled?
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: Who's play is it?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Tony's.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Then go already.
text: Tony pulls out a pocket calculator and punches in some numbers
text: before deciding to throw in a couple of chips while Mike
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You know, just like Tony... the
text: slightly wimpy, slightly nerdy
dialog: type. Women are the worst when it
dialog: comes to that. Ask any high school
dialog: girl what qualities she looks for
dialog: in a guy and she‘ll say, ‘oh, that
dialog: he’s intelligent, sensitive, has a
dialog: good sense of humor.* But that
dialog: next day that same itl will be
dialog: walking down the hall getting felt-
dialog: up some brain-dead gorilla
dialog: linebacker.
text: Mike folds.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: ‘The only way to compete is to start
dialog: a rumor you‘re hung like a horse or
dialog: something.
text: After Royce tosses in a few chips, Tony reveals his winning hand
text: and scoops up the pot.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What am I even still doing here?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (to Mike) |
dialog: What did Cynthia gay when you
dialog: talked to her earlier?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: -—-
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 43 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: She's going to come by here and
dialog: we're going to go by that parcy.
dialog: You guys Can stay here al! nighc,
dialog: play cards, and then go home and
dialog: yank it as always.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: For the record, I never said I was
dialog: opposed to going out anywhere...
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Me either...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Well then good - it's decided.
text: Royce starts dealing the next hand.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
text: Five card drool.
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: Your brief derogatory allusion to
dialog: masturbation made me remember a
dialog: thought I had the other day in
dialog: reference to that subject.
text: Tony and Mike lower their cards and look around at each other
dialog: like ‘this should be interesting.*
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Isn‘t it funny how everybody does
dialog: it but if someone happens to catch
dialog: you...
text: Mike and Tony exchange glances as if Royce speaks from personal
dialog: experience.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: +. you get treated like some kind
dialog: of sicko.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: But it’s like practice for the real
dialog: world. The same principle is at
dialog: work in politics...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Politics is the real world?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ~
dialog: 43
dialog: ,
dialog: . “44
dialog: a
dialog: oa
dialog: 45
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
dialog: Tony
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ..-For example, all che stuff
dialog: Kennedy did was okay because he
dialog: dicn‘t get caught, but Tricky-Dick
dialog: got nabbed and they made him pay
dialog: or it.
text: Royce and Mike kind of look at Tony like they're wondering which
text: side he's on.
speaker_heading: TONY .
dialog: Not that I minded him paying for
dialog: it, of course. In fact, I gotta go
dialog: take a Nixon right now.
text: He gets up from the table and walks to the bathroom.
scene_heading: EXT: MITCH‘S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Reving up in frone of Mitch’s house is a jacked-up Nova driven by
text: BOBBY WOODERSON. Slater sits in the passenger seat and Pink is
text: in the back seat. The car honks a few times impatiently before
text: Mitch appears and heads toward the car.
scene_heading: INT WOODERSON'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Mitch hops in che back seat of the car and they get going.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: {to Pink)
dialog: Whose wheels?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: You know Bobby?
speaker_heading: WOODERSON
dialog: (to Mitch)
dialog: Hey man.
speaker_heading: _ MITCH
dialog: How’s it going?
text: Already seemingly stoned, Slater turns to Mitch.
speaker_heading: SLATER .
dialog: Say man, you got a joint?
text: Mitch looks over at Pink and then back at Slater.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Nahhh. Not on me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: CA 8
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: It'd be A LOT cooler if you did.
scene_heading: EXT: EMPORIUM - NIGHT
text: They pull up into the Emporium parking lot and all get cut.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: ...That stoner Pickford’s in there.
dialog: I KNOW he‘s got some weed.
text: Mitch looks a bie in awe of the whole setting as they walk up to
text: the door.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: , Sure I’m safe in this place?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: It‘ll be fine, just play it cool if
dialog: anybody starts messin’ with you.
scene_heading: INT: EMPORIUM ~ NIGHT .
text: They walk in the Emporium at the apex of the night's activity.
text: Every pool table and the all rows of foosball tables are occupied
text: as Dylan’s “Hurricane” rages on the multi-speaker stereo jukebox.
text: Everyone else is milling around talking or watching others play
text: but continually looking around to see who's coming and going.
text: Much of the room's focus is on the main table where ELVIS SPIVEY
text: is playing. Wooderson heads over to Elvis’ table while Pink and
text: Mitch follow Slater over to the foosball table where Pickford is
text: playing and several others, including Michelle, are hanging out.
text: Pickford slams home a “pull shot* and then looks up from the
text: table with a confident, cocky attitude.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Slater, Pink, happnin’‘?
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Prickford... You winnin’?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Am I winnin’? You know better than
dialog: to ask me such a question... -
text: He pops the ball back into play and almost immediately banks a
text: shot in for a score.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: (continuing) |
dialog: Toyin’ with the chillren...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Bummer about your party...
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: What can I say? Much abuse. It’s
dialog: beyond me - the delivery quy
dialog: bricked. Dead issue. So where you
dialog: boys comin' from?
speaker_heading: PINK
text: Ridin’ around with Wooderson.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Say man, I wag hopin’ to score a
dialog: dube or two from you.
text: He puts the ball into play.
scene_heading: PICKFORD.
dialog: After I school this boy, I’ll be
dialog: ready to take a reefer break
dialog: myself...
text: He cockily swats the ball back and forth all over the table
text: between his various men and then does a goalie ‘toe shot’ the
dialog: length of the table for the score.
scene_heading: PICKFORD .
dialog: I amaze myself sometimes on this
dialog: table. .
dialog: (to Pink)
dialog: Hey man, you need to see the
dialog: finished product. .
dialog: (to Slater and Michelle)
dialog: Let‘’s go drive it around front.
text: Pickford and Slater head outside while Pink and Mitch lag behind
text: because Pink stops briefly to talk to Julie.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Julie...
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Hey...
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: You know Mitch?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh yeah, I just heard about you.
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah. Whac kind of scuff did you
dialog: hear? .
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You know... usual reports.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Geeze.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Well, I’m in che process of making
dialog: my way across the room so maybe
dialog: T’ll see you guys later.
speaker_heading: . PINK
dialog: All right. Later.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Bye.
text: She gives Mitch a sort of double-take as she walks away. Mitch
text: watches her walk across the room and then interact with a group
text: of older guys. As Mitch and Pink stare gravitating toward the
text: front door, she looks over at him again. Pink stops at the pool
text: table where Don is in a game and gestures for him to come
text: outside.
scene_heading: EXT: EMPORIUM PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Pickford, Slater, and Michelle drive the truck into the parking
text: lot. A jarge object covered with the tarp rides in the bed of
text: the truck. Pickford pulls right up front and then turns go as to
dialog: best display the contents in tha back to the people standing
text: around. Everyone's curiosity is piqued as Pickford gets out of
text: the truck and hops in the back for the unveiling.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: You guys ready?
text: The crowd responds favorably and at the right moment, he and
text: Slater jerk away the tarp. Unveiled is the Ronald McDonald
text: statue recently transformed into Gene Simmons of KISS with the
text: roperly painted face, black outfic and menacing grin, Everyone
text: fowls an approval. They soon get out of the truck and mix into
dialog: the crowd.
text: While Mitch kind of stands against the wall, Slater, Pickford,
text: and Pink are sitting on the hood of Pickford’s car. Don walks
text: over to Pink.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Who painted that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: OU : 52.
scene_heading: \ 48 © CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: : PINK
dialog: 1 Michelle, mostly.
speaker_heading: ' . DON
dialog: cool.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: On hey man, they're onto us.
text: Someone was listening to the police
dialog: : band and said they heard the cops
dialog: ' are lookin’ for Ronald.
speaker_heading: ao PINK
dialog: Really? sShic.
speaker_heading: : DON
dialog: Yeah, they said that it was two
text: ot . young Caucasian males in a pick-up
dialog: truck.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Somebody must ‘have ripped us off.
text: Slater looks over at Don.
speaker_heading: _ | SLATER
dialog: ., Hey, Pickford’s got a dube we're
dialog: about to go burn...You with us?
speaker_heading: : DON
dialog: \ Ten-four on burning some weed.
dialog: (to Pickford)
dialog: i V. You driving?
speaker_heading: oy PICKFORD
dialog: 1 I reckon...
dialog: 
text: , They’ start to get in the car as Slater looks over at Mitch.
speaker_heading: i SLATER
dialog: You cool, man?
text: | Mitch doesn't quite know what he’s getting at.
speaker_heading: . MITCH
dialog: y Like how?
dialog: '
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Man, are you cool?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: { I guess so...
text: oT Slater hops off the car and goes over co the others while Pink
text: walks over to Mitch.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: He was just asking if you get high.
speaker_heading: : MITCH
dialog: Like smoke pot?
speaker_heading: ' PINK
dialog: Ve Yeah.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: , oh.
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: T never have... but...
text: Don and Slater start to pite into Pickford's car. Pickford
text: kisses Michelle goodbye before she walks toward the Emporium.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: ! . (to Mitch)
dialog: ) It’s no big deal, really. You
dialog: ' usually don‘t even get high the
dialog: , first few times.
scene_heading: en : PICKFORD.
dialog: , oa Pink, you with us?
dialog: ,
dialog: i
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: I think I‘1l hang here for a bit.
dialog: Catch up with you later.
speaker_heading: ' PICKFORD
dialog: to Whatever, man.
dialog: L (to others)
dialog: . Let's rock and roll...
text: Pink and Mitch head back inside. Pickford gets behind the wheel
text: 4 but Slater suddenly remembers something,
speaker_heading: t SLATER
dialog: Oh hey, wait up.
text: He quickly runs back over to Wooderson‘s car, reaches into his
text: | tape box, and pulls out ZZ Top's *Fandango!* As he walks back
text: across the parking lot, we hear the live introduction to the
dialog: ’ first song on the album, *Thunderbird.*
scene_heading: 1 SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A) We see the 8-track tape in the deck and as we hear the words:
speaker_heading: 22 TOP
dialog: on “Get high everybody get high. Get
dialog: high everybody get high. Get high
dialog: everybody get high. :
dialog: mo!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: “49
dialog: $4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: ZZ TOP (Conc'd)
dialog: Get high everybody get high. Have
dialog: . you heard? What's the word? It’s
dialog: Thunderbird...*
text: B) The same guys riding around, taking hits from the joint.
text: ¢€) Mitch standing next to Pink and Wooderson watching a pool
text: game. He takes a big gulp of beer noc far froma sign chat says
dialog: “Te is illegal for minors under the age of 18 to consume alcohol
dialog: on these premises."
text: D) Jodi, Kaye, and Sabrina at the Sonic. As Jodi spikes their
text: cokes with some rum, Shavonne gets out of another car and gets in
dialog: with them.
text: €) Tony winning a big hand at the poker table.
scene_heading: EXT: MAIN DRAG - NIGHT
text: When we return co the car with Pickford, Don, and Slater, they
text: are engaged in a high-speed game of ‘cat and mouse’ with a
text: carload of girls. They dart in and around other cars and
text: dangerously weave in and out of traffic just to keep up with or
text: lose the other car.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Let's cruise by the 8th grade
dialog: party, we might get a sitting duck
dialog: or two.
text: At a traffic light, they see they are next to Shavonne, Sabrina,
dialog: Jodi, and Kaye.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Hey man, roll down your window.
dialog: Watch me catch a quick rap.
dialog: (to girls) —
dialog: Hey, whact’s happnin'?
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE
dialog: What are you guys up to?
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Oh, a little weed...
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: We heard there might be a beer-bust
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Cool.
text: The light changes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49
dialog: $s.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHAVCNNE
dialog: Well, I guess we'll see you guys
dialog: one place or the other.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Check YOU later.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Later.
dialog: (to Slater)
dialog: Why are you always such a fuckin'
dialog: dork?
dialog: {imitating him}
dialog: See YOU later. They don‘t want to
dialog: hear chat shic.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Well chey don’t want to hear
dialog: anything, man - all the women our
dialog: age are little prudes, anyway -
dialog: It's like they all got together and
dialog: said ‘let's forget our biological
dialog: urges.” Just to spite us. The
dialog: women in the classes ahead of us
dialog: were wild. Our class - worthless.
dialog: I bet other high schools aren’t
dialog: this bad...
speaker_heading: : PICKFORD
dialog: Sounds like somebody hasn’t gotten
text: past the sniffin’ butt stage
dialog: iately.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: I’m telling you man, I can't wait
dialog: to get to college.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: I’m gonna stay gettin’ it.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Really. Walker said in their dorm
dialog: room they got this list of girls
dialog: they can call up at any time and
dialog: they'll come over and fuck.
text: The guys become almost giddy at the thought.
scene_heading: 50 EXT: JUNIOR HIGH PARTY - NIGHT
text: As they. approach the party, they pull up next to O’Bannion’s car
text: where he, Benny, and Hudson are already staking it out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: so
dialog: sl
dialog: - yor -.
dialog: )
dialog: -——- ~~ - o -
dialog: >-
dialog: )
dialog: sé.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Hey men, any Luck?
speaker_heading: O’ BANNION
dialog: They gotta come out sometime.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Dollar! Got a beer over here with
dialog: your name on it.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: I might hop in with them for a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: . PICKFORD
dialog: Later.
text: Don gets out, walks over, and gets in with them as Slater and
text: Pickford drive away.
scene_heading: EXT: JUNIOR HIGH PARTY - NIGHT
text: Pickford pulls past rather slowly. ‘Two younger boys, SMARTASS #1
text: and #2, sit on the sidewalk smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: : PICKFORD
dialog: What grade you boys in?
speaker_heading: SMARTASS #1
dialog: 8th.
speaker_heading: SMARTASS #2-
dialog: (correcting him)
text: Going into 8th.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: _ (insinuating)
dialog: There wouldn't be any 8th graders
dialog: going into 9th inside now would
dialog: there?
text: The smart-asses they are finally emerge. #1 slowly takes the
text: Cigarette from #2, takes a drag, and then calmly flicks the ashes
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: SMARTASS #1
dialog: I don't know, it's not our day to
dialog: keep up with them...
text: At this, Pickford jumps out of the car and runs around to the two
text: boys. He has a board with him. .
dialog: 52
dialog: S7.
scene_heading: INT: REC. CENTER - NIGHT
text: Cari and Tommy are looking at the goings on outside.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Shit - we're surrounded.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Right after they leave might be a
dialog: good time to get out of here. You
dialog: ready to go?
text: They look back outside as Pickford, after making a seemingly
text: friendly gesture of putting a hand on each of the boys shoulders,
text: suddenly knocks their heads together. He hops back in the car
text: and peels out.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: . Let’s get outta here.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Where’s loverboy?
text: They walk back through the party where the dance floor is filled
text: with junior high kids who've been dancing very slow to Olivia
text: Newton John‘s *I Honestly Love You.* The song changes to Bread's
text: “Make It With You’ and most of the dancers simply resume their
text: dancing in the same ‘hugging* fashion. Not. seeing their friend,
text: they walk back to an adjacent room that is filled with piles of
text: kids making out.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey Hirsh! Wherever the hell you
dialog: are...
text: Hirsh and Freshman Girl #2 look up.
speaker_heading: HIRSH :
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Let's go, man.
text: Hirsh slowly gets up and walks over to them and calks in a low
text: tone so she can't hear.
speaker_heading: HIRSH .
dialog: Why do we have to go now? I’m just
dialog: getting started...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: ‘Cause they're looking for our
text: asses. They're circling the place
text: like buzzards but they just left.
dialog: It might be our best shot at making
dialog: ic out of here alive.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Sa.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Plus it's time to ditch this place
dialog: anyway .
speaker_heading: HIRSH
dialog: Well maybe I'M having a good
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: dell then maybe YOU aren't camping
dialog: ouc with us later.
scene_heading: EXT: JUNIOR HIGH PARTY ~- NIGHT
text: Tommy, Carl, and Hirsh get to the front door and cautiously Look
text: gue. They slowly walk past che chaperone who's wacching the
dialog: oor.
speaker_heading: CHAPERONE
dialog: T£ you leave you can't come back...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: TOMMY |
dialog: We're never coming back.
speaker_heading: HIRSH
dialog: Man, I had my hand up her shire -
dialog: I was getting there.
speaker_heading: : CARL
dialog: Getting there?
dialog: {to Tommy) :
dialog: You hear that? He was “getting
dialog: there’.
dialog: (to Hirsh)
dialog: Son, you wouldn't know what to do
dialog: with it even if you did ‘get chere*
dialog: so don't worry about it.
speaker_heading: HIRSH |
dialog: Just ‘cause you guys were striking
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Grow up, boy. That was our last
dialog: junior high party. We're freshmen
dialog: now. We're in the big time...
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Where all the girls put out. Your
dialog: days of lying around pulling congue
text: all night are over.
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
scene_heading: EXT: ‘BACK STREET - NIGHT
text: As chey turn the corner and continue walking down the street chey
text: notice they are being trailed in the distance by a car with ics
text: lights off. They say nothing but glance nervously at each other.
text: Sudderity the lights come on and che car is afcer them.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Shic...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Scatter!
text: They take off in separate directions. The car happens to £0}:
text: in Hirsh's direction before O’Bannion jumps out and physically
text: runs him down.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O’ BANNION
dialog: . Where you runnin’ to boy? We ain't
dialog: gonna hurt you... Tell you what,
dialog: you just grab onto chat fence and
dialog: start counting the stars. You
dialog: might be seeing some new ones up
dialog: there pretty quick...
text: He Laughs sadistically. Sti}l nervous, but resigned to his fate,
text: Hirsh does as he says. He bends over a little and 0’Bannion
text: gives him the first big whack. At a safe distance, Carl and
text: Tommy watch Hirsh get busted.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (low voice)
dialog: Bastards...
text: Hirsh continues to get busted in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT: BACK STREET - NIGHT
text: Riding around, Jodi, Shavonne, Kaye and Sabrina stop by where
text: Hirsh is getting it.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Take it easy on the boy why don‘t
dialog: ya...
text: Don comes over to the car as Jodi and Shavonne get out of che
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Ladies...
speaker_heading: : JODI
dialog: Hey. Who's this one?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: we
dialog: sume
dialog: 55
dialog: 36
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DON
text: Adam Hirsh... caught him coming out
text: a of the junior high party.
text: O'Bannion, finally through with Hirsh, starts coward che car. As
text: Hirsh begins to walk away all the wnile re-adjusting his
text: underwear, O'Bannion grabs a beer and tosses it to him.
speaker_heading: O' BANNION
dialog: Hey punk, have another present!
text: Hirsh catches ict, and keeps walking, slowly and painfully, taking
text: short breaths and trying not to cry too much.
speaker_heading: 0’ BANNION
dialog: This fuckin’ sucks! Lase fuckin'
dialog: day of school and no party, no
dialog: fuckin’ nothin.*
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE
dialog: You guys got any more beer?
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: That's the ONE thing that IS going
dialog: on. .
text: Don walks over to the car, opens the trunk which is basically one
text: large ice chest, and pulls out several beers. He hands a beer to
text: each of the girls. He doesn’t recognize Sabrina but gives her a
text: flirtatious smile as he hands her a beer.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: . (smiles)
dialog: Hi.
text: An anonymous car speeds by.
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM CAR
dialog: Fuck her, I did!
text: They peel out as O’Bannion almost instantaneously takes a step
text: toward them and grabs his crotch.
speaker_heading: O’ BANNION
dialog: Suck me! .
scene_heading: INT: TONY’S CAR IN SUBURBAN NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: In Tony’s dad’s car, Cynthia has joined the poker crowd as they
text: drive around. They don’t say much at first.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: {to Cynthia)
dialog: Fairly uneventful, huh?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (to Tony, continuing)
dialog: Tell her your theory about how
dialog: President Ford's old football head
text: injuries are effecting the economy.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Did you know Ford was on the Warren
dialog: Commission?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Okay, I have a confession to make.
dialog: You_know how for the last year or
dialog: so I talked about going to law
dialog: school so I could be an A.C.L.U.
dialog: lawyer or be in a position where I
dialog: could help people who are getting
dialog: fucked over? Well, as I was
text: Standing in line at the post office
dialog: after school yesterday, the sudden
dialog: realization hit me that I don't
dialog: want to do that. I mean it sounds
dialog: good, but I really have to confront
dialog: the fact that I don't much like the
dialog: people I've been talking about
dialog: elping in the future. I don't
dialog: think I like people very much,
dialog: eriod. I mean you guys are okay,
dialog: ut I'm just trying to be honest
dialog: about being a misanthrope.
text: Royce kind of rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (co the others)
dialog: I think I gotta go take another
dialog: Nixon.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Up here anywhere.
text: The car pulls up near a black nightclub called ‘Elizabeth's Soul
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I can’t believe your bailing out on
dialog: us, Royce. Just think of how you
dialog: could be cruising around endlessly
dialog: all night from the Sonic to the
text: Emporium back to the Sonic and then
dialog: to the Emporium.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Okay, we get the point.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Or maybe we'll catch some freshman
dialog: and bust them with our paddles.
speaker_heading: : ROYCE
dialog: A lictle too WASPy for my caste.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Drop me off here, man.
text: Tony keeps driving and is soon right in front of the club. The
text: guys milling around in front check ouc this car of white people.
text: Royce ducks down a little.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: _ Shit. Pull up farther.
text: Tony finally snaps to Royce’s dilemma and pulls up a ways.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh... . .
text: Royce is a bit amused at all this by the time he gets out of the
dialog: car.
dialog: wha ROYCE | a
dialog: & are you trying to do, get me
dialog: killed? 3 3
text: He walks away toward the club.
scene_heading: EXT: EMPORIUM - NIGHT
text: Jodi, Sabrina, Shavonne and Kaye are standing outside talking.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: {to Shavonne)
dialog: ...I’m not at all surprised you
dialog: have a crush on Don. He’s an
dialog: idiot.
dialog: (to others)
dialog: You know what he did in class the
dialog: other day? The teacher handed back
dialog: the finals... He always has this
dialog: system where he cheats off the
text: Person next to him and pays them
dialog: ive dollars if he makes an A, four
dialog: dollars for a B, three dollars for
dialog: ac, you know. Well, he gets back
dialog: his test and he had made a D.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: JODI (Cone'd)
dialog: He was so mad at the the guy he had
dialog: cheated off of. He said:
dialog: (imitating him)
dialog: why didn'e you tell me you were
dialog: scupid?
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Can you believe we're seniors?
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: Not at all. Even during the
dialog: freshmanizing this afternoon. [ft
dialog: didn't feel right.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Yeah, like we were imposters or
dialog: something.
text: Kaye leans on che wall.
speaker_heading: KAYE :
dialog: It's like, our seniors - now THEY
dialog: were seniors. Nina, Dralane, Kim
dialog: Cook... that was the real thing.
dialog: Us, I don’t know about.
speaker_heading: . JODI
dialog: Really. It feels to me like we
dialog: just graduated from junior high.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: It was at the senior’s graduation
dialog: the other night, seeing them all in
dialog: a bunch... this weird panic passed
dialog: over me, I thought of just this.
dialog: town, then all the high schools in
dialog: the state, then the whole country.
dialog: Millions of us that will graduate
dialog: next year and then be flooded into
text: colleges and then the real world.
dialog: It's like they’1l be too many of
dialog: us. At some point it can't grow
dialog: anymore, it just goes bust. And
dialog: then there won't be room for any of
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: I always wonder what other kids
dialog: around the country our age are
dialog: doing or what they‘re like.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ——
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SHAVCNNE
dialog: Or do you ever think Like, what’s
dialog: the guy I’m going cto marry doing
dialog: right now?
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: (to Shavonne)
dialog: The guy you're going to marry is
text: probably just going into prison.
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE
dialog: Right.
text: A Trans Am pulls up.
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE
dialog: . Oh, that's thac guy Stacy's been
dialog: talking about. He's like 26 or
dialog: _Something. Her mom doesn't know
dialog: anything about it.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: She says they've been working up to
dialog: ic lacely...
text: STACY WOODWARD kisses the OLDER GUY goodbye and gets out of his
text: car. He checks out the pack of girls before driving off. Stacy
text: walks over to them with a big grin on her face.
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE
dialog: You did it! I can tell! You lose
dialog: it, you little slut...
text: Giddy with excitement, they all laugh as she kind of hugs
dialog: Shavonne. :
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I can't believe ic... I‘11 remember
dialog: the last two hours of my life
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: SHAVONNE,
dialog: Two hours? Does that include a
dialog: stop at the Sonic?
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: (low voice)
dialog: What was it like?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I don't know, kinda hurt a
dialog: little...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
dialog: o-
dialog: co
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: SHAVCNNE
dialog: What was IT like?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Kinda big.
text: They all let out a bit of a shrill.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I think he said we're going to do
dialog: it again next week.
text: Wooderson, Pink, and Mitch walk ouc of the Emporium.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: . Hey Pink, you heard anything more
dialog: about a beer-bust?
text: Pink gestures to Wooderson,
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Talk to chis man here.
speaker_heading: ; WOODERSON
dialog: Patience, people, patience.
text: Wooderson keeps walking while Mitch gravitates over to Sabrina.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I was going to ask you che same
dialog: thing. :
text: They both kind of chuckle at their sudden cool status of hanging
text: out with the older crowd.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: I heard you got busted...
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Uh, yeah.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: They just got Adam, too.
speaker_heading: “MITCH
dialog: Really? How bad?
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Bad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Co . 66.
speaker_heading: $7 CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: \ MITCH
dialog: , Man. So what have you guys been
dialog: | * doing?
speaker_heading: . SABRINA
text: Juse riding around. mostly. 1.
dialog: didn't realize chat it’s Jodi
dialog: that’s your big sister.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: , Uh, yeah...
text: | Jodi comes walking over.
speaker_heading: : : goprI
dialog: | You guys talking about me over
dialog: ‘ . here?
dialog: {to Mitch)
dialog: So I heard chey got you.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Uh, yeah.
speaker_heading: 1 JODI .
dialog: eo I can't believe it - I asked them
dialog: oo to take it easy on you.
dialog: . . MITCH
dialog: Great - no wonder.
scene_heading: me 58 EXT: STREET - NIGHT
text: Hirsh, Tommy and Carl walk down a dark street with a few buckets
dialog: | ‘ , full of stuff. -
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: { «.-Face it, boy, you hadn’t had
dialog: j pussy since pussy had you.
dialog: !
dialog: '
dialog: Yeah, right.
dialog: (imitating Hirsh)
dialog: Well I had my hand up a girl's
dialog: 1 shirt once... I was really ‘gettin’
dialog: . there!*
text: Carl and Tommy laugh.
speaker_heading: : HIRSH
dialog: Kiss my butt, Lawson. I wish I
dialog: “~~ still was at that party instead of
dialog: o listening to your stupid strategy
dialog: . that got me busted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: -
dialog: ~~
dialog: 58
dialog: 53
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: You got busted because you couldn't
dialog: get away.
text: Carl reaches down and picks up a large empty Jack Daniels bottle.
speaker_heading: HIRSH
dialog: You try to out-run O’Bannion. ['m
dialog: going to be Laughing my ass off
dialog: when it's your turn - when he‘s
dialog: bustin’ your ass.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I heard last year, when they caughe
dialog: about ten freshmen at one time,
text: O’Bannion backed his truck over
dialog: some pizzas and made ‘em eat it.
speaker_heading: HIRSH
dialog: I mean, that’s bullshit, right?
text: The idiot flunks his senior year so
dialog: he can be a dick two years in a
dialog: row? Is that legal?
text: Carl suddenly tosses the bottle straight up in the air above
text: them. They all look at each other for an extended moment and
text: then take off running.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Goddamn you Burns!
text: The bottle comes crashing down right behind them.
scene_heading: EXT: EMPORIUM PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: O‘Bannion‘s truck drives up at the Emporium and lets Don out. He
text: walks over to where Wooderson is leaning on a wall drinking a
text: beer while the rest of the guys, Pickford, Pink, Slater, and
text: Mitch are all hanging out near Pickford’s car a few feet away.
text: Don walks up to Wooderson.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Poe IT haven‘t seen you
dialog: atcha been up to?
dialog: wooderson,
dialog: in a while.
speaker_heading: WOODERSON
dialog: Same old shit... Workin' for the
dialog: city. Been thinking about gettin’
dialog: back in school.
speaker_heading: DON:
dialog: Back to the J.c.?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ‘AQODERSON
dialog: Maybe. Thac‘s where all the girls
dialog: are.
dialog: {a beac)
dialog: But on the other hand I really juse
dialog: as soon be workin’ and makin’ money
dialog: than spending ict listening to some
dialog: dipehic that doesn't know what che
dialog: hell he's talking abour. At least
dialog: you got some change in your pocket.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Really...
speaker_heading: WOODERSON
dialog: {to Mitch)
dialog: . You‘re a freshman, right?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah,
speaker_heading: WOODERSON
dialog: Who are the finest girls your age?
speaker_heading: DON .
dialog: Wooderson boy, you’re going to end
text: up in jail.
text: The others laugh a bit and Wooderson goes along.
speaker_heading: WOODERSON
dialog: That's what’s so great about high
dialog: school girls: I get older but they
dialog: stay the same age.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: {to Pink)
dialog: Hey Pink, you haven’t seen ‘em yet.
text: He opens the door, sits down, and cranks up his stereo.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: I just got chese new Craig
dialog: Powerplays... quad.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Bad-ass.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Anyone up for another spin?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Sure.
text: Don quickly decides he’s ready to go.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: s9
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Shotgun...
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: {to Mitch)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah, what the hell.
text: As Don goes to get in the passenger side door, he finds Slater
text: momentarily sitting in his seat.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Someone's gonna have to be latering
dialog: my seat, man.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: I‘m going back inside, man, don’t
dialog: worry.
speaker_heading: WOODERSON
dialog: Yeah, me too. You boys have fun.
text: They walk to the Emporium door while the guys start to climb in
text: Pickford’s car. He revs it up while Pink and Mitch get in che
text: back, Mitch is a bit squeezed at first because there is a
text: bowling ball in his seat. He holds it up and inquires.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Whose is this?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: I don’t know. It was in the car
dialog: when I first got it.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Pickford... you driving in to get
dialog: Aerosmith tickets tomorrow morning?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Unless I end up getting so waisted
dialog: tonight I can't.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: If you do, can you get me two
dialog: tickets?
text: Pink hands Pickford thirty dollars.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: This should buy me a bag of
dialog: Colombian.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Yeah righc.
scene_heading: EXT: SUBURBAN NEIGHBORHOOD- NIGHT
text: They pass around the joint and a few beers as they jam to 22 Top.
text: Mitch takes his firse puffs withouc much fanfare. from the
text: passenger seat, Don mischievously motions Pickford to pull over.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Hey, pull up to these trash cans.
text: The car slows down and pulls over next to a few trash cans chat
text: are sitting on the corner of somebody's front yard. Don leans
text: far out the window and picks up a big metal can.
speaker_heading: . DON
dialog: Stay near this side and gun it.
text: The car creeps along for a little while then peels out. Ac top
text: speed, Don releases the trash can and it completely obliterates
text: a mailbox that was in a front yard. The sheer visceral chrill of
text: it all has the carload in an excited state.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Whooaah! Man!
speaker_heading: : PINK
dialog: Shit-yeah!
text: Almost immediately, Pink rolls the back window down and leans
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Let's get one of those over there.
text: The ‘car pulls over and he grabs an old beat-up metal trash can.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Floor that motherfucker!
text: The car races off. He catches a large wooden designer-type
text: mailbox dead-on. They whoop it up even more.
dialog: Awwrighte!
speaker_heading: “PICKFORD
dialog: Heeeyuuuu!
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: {to Mitch)
dialog: You should throw that bowling ball
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: 6L
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Think?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Yeah, lose it. [t doesn’e fit
dialog: anyone’s hand, anyway.
text: Mitch grabs the ball and apprehensively leans out che window.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Okay.
text: Pickford floors the accelerator and the car is flying. Not
text: really aiming at anyching, Mitch tosses the ball into the air.
text: In a slow motion shot, the ball crashes through the windshield of
text: a car parked on the street. The guys seem more shocked than
text: thrilled at first - perhaps at the sheer extent of the property
dialog: ‘damage.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Shit man... someone's car.
text: Mitch looks back at the broken windshield with a mixture of fear
text: and shame. The others start enjoying it when it becomes apparent
dialog: they’ve gotten away. .
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Aww, fuck ‘em anyway.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Man, that bowling ball said “hooff*
dialog: to chat damn windshield.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Some poor slob‘s going to come out
text: to his car tomorrow morning, on his
dialog: way to work and...
text: They all start howling.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Strike!
text: More laughter. Having officially topped all of them, Mitch goes
text: along with the victory celebration.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Hey man, we're out of beer. We
dialog: need a Quick and Easy stop.
scene_heading: EXT: QUICK & EASY ~ NIGHT
text: The car pulls into the parking lot.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: + 6L
dialog: 62
dialog: 72,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: We're also out of cash. Hey, pull
text: up over there, heading out that
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: What, you're going to steal ic?
speaker_heading: DON .
dialog: I got it all staked out. It'll be
dialog: easy. I jusc need someone to be
text: look-out.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Oh come on man, you're gonna get us
dialog: in trouble.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: {to Mitch)
dialog: C'mon. I need you to stand by the
dialog: door. .
dialog: (to Pickford)
dialog: Have it runnin’ and ready to go.
text: Mitch hesitates a bit but is*soon walking with Don up to the
dialog: store.
scene_heading: EXT: QUICK & EASY - NIGHT
text: Don and Mitch get up near the store.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: T don’t know about all this, man.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Just stand up here and act like a
dialog: look-out. :
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I'm really going to pay for it but
dialog: let’s fuck with them.
text: Mitch grins briefly and then tries to act serious as Don enters
text: the store. He looks back at Pickford backing the car up and then
text: back inside at how Don is doing. He sees Don bolting for the
text: front door. He pulls the door open and then they sprint to the
text: waiting car.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: {to Mitch) .
dialog: Hurry up man! Get in!
text: But just as they hop in the car, a middle-aged guy walks up to
text: the driver's side and points a pistol at Pickford's head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PISTCL GUY
dialog: Don't move or I'll shooc the shic
dialog: out of ya!
dialog: Pickford doesn't know what to be more panicked about, thi
dialog: his head or the robbery in progress. p Fe phe gun ac
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: {to Don)
dialog: Don, give the beer back...
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Don't worry about the beer, man.
dialog: I really paid for ic.
text: Pickford flashes him a quick quizzical look that soon turns into
text: a panic once more.
speaker_heading: PISTOL GUY
dialog: You busted my mailbox, didn‘ya?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about man, but... -
scene_heading: __. PISTOL GUY
text: Tamperin’ with mailboxes is a
dialog: felony offense. I done called the
dialog: po-lice. 2 think you boys need to
text: get out of the car, nice and slow.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: {to others)
dialog: . Whadda we do?
scene_heading: . PISTOL GUY
dialog: I said get the fuck out of the
dialog: car... now!
text: Don has set the beer near the gear shift in such a way chac it
text: “can’t be seen by the guy with the gun. He slowly is shifting the
text: car into gear.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: (reasoning)
dialog: What, you're going to shoot us for
dialog: something YOU think we did?
speaker_heading: PISTOL GUY
dialog: I don'c think, I know. TI seen you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: . (reasoning)
dialog: Sir, I'm still not quite sure what
dialog: you're talking about but you had
dialog: better put chat gun away before you
dialog: gee in some big trouble. There's
dialog: aws against this kind of behavior
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: PISTOL GUY
dialog: I got witnesses. When che po-lice
dialog: get here we'll just let chem figure
dialog: ic all ouc,
text: The tension has built to a peak.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Just go man, before the cops show.
dialog: What's he gonna do, shoot us?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: No, he's going to shoot ME.
dialog: (to Pistol)
dialog: It's like this: the smart money
dialog: Says you probably won't murder -
dialog: and it would be murder - someone
dialog: over an alleged tampered-with
dialog: mailbox... .
text: Don suddenly pulls Pickford down at the same time he stomps on
text: top of his foot.
speaker_heading: Duck! DON
text: They. all duck as the car peels out. As Pickford regains the
text: wheel, the guy shoots in their direction.
dialog: MITCH .
dialog: Motherfucker’s shooting at us!
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Go! Lose that son-of-a-bitch!
text: The car turns at a corner and hauls.
scene_heading: INT: SUBURBAN NEIGBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: Tony, Mike and Cynthia are riding around.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (sarcastic voice)
dialog: I need me ah brewski...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7S.
scene_heading: "63 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Weeeell...
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Actually, my next door neighbor has
text: a refrigerator full of beer. And
text: his garage is always wide open.
speaker_heading: MIKE
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I've always wanted to steal some,
dialog: I just have never been a big beer
dialog: drinker. I don’t know, it’s the
dialog: taste - call me weird.
speaker_heading: _ TONY
dialog: __ ,tquick)
dialog: Weird.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Well, the crue Dionysian way would
dialog: be to steal the beer and spend the
text: rest of the evening drinking ic.
dialog: I think that’s what everyone in
dialog: this car needs... some good ‘ol
dialog: worthwhile visceral experience.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Getting so drunk you throw up. A
dialog: lictle sexual activity...
text: Cynthia impersonates some brutish guy.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: You‘re right - I’m gonna git drunk
dialog: and either git laid or gic inna
dialog: fight...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Seriously. You have to be up for
dialog: anything. :
speaker_heading: _ CYNTHIA .
dialog: But do you ever feel like
dialog: everything we've been taught and
dialog: everything we do is just at the
dialog: service of our future selves.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It's like it's all preparacion...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ~
dialog: 63
dialog: 1
dialog: t
dialog: \
dialog: 1
dialog: |
dialog: t
dialog: ' 64
dialog: 1
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: —_—
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: {2)
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Yeah, but what are we preparing
dialog: ourselves for?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Death.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Life of the party...
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: But that’s valid - if we‘re all
dialog: going to die anyway, shouldn’t we
dialog: enjoy ourselves now? I'd like to
dialog: quit Creating the present like some
dialog: minor, insignificance preamble to
dialog: . something else...
scene_heading: EXT: NEIGHBOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Seon Mike and Cynthia sneak up to the garage, go inside, and then
text: run out with a couple of six-packs., They hop in the car and Tony
text: drives away, but not before signaling his turn.
scene_heading: INT: EMPORIUM - NIGHT
text: The guys are standing near the featured pool table where Elvis is
text: in a big game with a hustler from out of town. Pickford is
text: recalling the gun incident to Wooderson and Hudson.
speaker_heading: pEICKFORD |
text: I was inches away from getting my
dialog: head blown off. : s
dialog: (points at Don)
dialog: And Evil Knieval here just throws
text: the car in gear and floors it.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: {to Pickford) .
dialog: What? Did you get shot? Did we
dialog: have to wait around for the cops to
dialog: bust us? No.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: But it was ME who he had the gun
dialog: on, not you. It was ME who was
text: going to get his brains splattered.
speaker_heading: . DON
dialog: Don’t worry, if that idiot would
dialog: have pulled the trigger, he would
dialog: have had US to deal with.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: (amused)
dialog: . That‘’s right, wnat are you
dialog: * complaining about?
speaker_heading: WOODERSON
dialog: (to others)
dialog: They're up to seventy-five a
dialog: game...
text: After his turn, Elvis walks over to the pack of chem.
speaker_heading: OCN
dialog: _ (to Elvis) |
dialog: Elvis, you takin’ this guy's money?
speaker_heading: . ELVIS
dialog: Workin' on ic. How ‘bout one of
dialog: you going and getting me a sixer of
dialog: Schlitz.
text: He reaches in his pocket, pulls out a small roll of bills, peels
text: off a five, and then looks over at Mitch.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: (to Mitch)
text: Across the street ‘at the Quick...
text: He hands him the money while the others look on. Mitch hesitates
text: a lictle at first but then gets going after Elvis gives hima
text: confident nod before he returns to the pool cable.
scene_heading: INT: QUICK & EASY - NIGHT
text: Mitch overcomes any nervousness and walks in with a calm,
text: confident manner. He quickly selects the six pack out of the
text: refrigerator and on the way toward the register grabs a stick of
text: beef Jerky. He approaches the CLERK like he's done this a .
dialog: hundred times before.
speaker_heading: . MITCH
dialog: (to Clerk)
dialog: How's it going conight?
text: He lays the beer and the beef jerky on the counter and puts the
text: five on top of them.
speaker_heading: LERK
dialog: ¢
dialog: It'll be going a lot betrer when I
dialog: get off in a couple of hours.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I hear thac...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The clerk only chen scrutinizes Micch a litcle.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: You're eighteen, right?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: On yeah... just graduated.
text: The clerk bags it up and gives him change.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: So you off to college in che fall?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Still not sure. I'm working right
dialog: . now for the city... chinking about
text: hanging onto the job for a while.
dialog: It's money in my pocket...
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I hear that...
text: He bags up the beer and hands it to Mitch who heads for the door.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Take it easy...
scene_heading: EXT: QUICK AND EASY - NIGHT
text: Mitch exits the store, takes a few steps, and then breaks into a
text: big grin. Just then his 8th grade buddies call out to him from
text: the shadows.
dialog: Mitch!
text: He looks surprised to see them and walks over near Pentico's
text: idling car.
dialog: MITCH .
dialog: What are you guys doing?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What's in there?
text: He gestures to Mitch's bag. Mitch plays it cool.
speaker_heading: MITCH
text: A sixer of Schlitz.
dialog: (to Carl)
dialog: And hey man, you OWE me one for
text: going out through centerfield.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: - 67
dialog: 68
dialog: too, 69
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Yeah, yeah, they busted che hell
dialog: out of Hirsh, too,
speaker_heading: , MITCH
dialog: I heard.
speaker_heading: PENTICO
dialog: {to Hirsh)
dialog: Tell him whac we're doing.
speaker_heading: HIRSH
dialog: (to Mitch)
dialog: Is that bastard O’Sannion over
dialog: there?
scene_heading: EXT: EMPORIUM - NIGHT
text: Mitch walks up outside the Emporium, past a group of girls thac
text: includes Julie. They all know why he went over there and seem a
text: bit surprised (and impressed) by his success.
speaker_heading: JULIE.
dialog: They sold it to you?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: (casual)
dialog: ‘Course...
scene_heading: INT: EMPORIUM - NIGHT
text: He walks back in and all is a bit quiet around the pool table.
text: Elvis calls a pocket on the eightball and lines up a complicated
text: bank shot. Everyone glances nervously at each other as he
text: proceeds with confidence. Elvis banks the eight perfectly and as
text: the ball drops in the side pocket, the place erupts. After a
text: little hand-slapping congratulations, the losers pay up. Mitch
text: gets an opening and takes Elvis his beer.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: ‘Salright...
text: He grabs the beer and tosses one to Wooderson. Mitch begins to
text: dig through his pocket.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I got your change...
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Forget about it... What’s your name
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: . MITCH
dialog: Mitch... Kerr.
speaker_heading: * ELVIS
dialog: A beer?
text: Taken slightly aback at the offer, Mitch hesi i
dialog: 1 g a . itat
dialog: front oF enervees gesture from che coolest guy invche blecee ey
dialog: z é ryone else, no less. He takes th wis
text: off the top in one motion. “he beer and twists
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: (to Wooderson)}
dialog: Wooderson... How ‘bout that buse act
dialog: the moon tower? Here's most of the
dialog: first keg.
dialog: ,
text: He takes Wooderson's hat off and drops a twenty in it. wm
text: starts walking around the Emporium taking donations. * Woaderson
speaker_heading: WOODERSON
dialog: Keg fund for the bust...
text: Julie and Stacy each drop a dollar into che hat and then Stacy
text: whispers something in Wooderson's ear while she and Julie look
text: over at Mitch. An older man wanders into the Emporium as if
dialog: looking for someone.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh my god... Isn‘t that Rene’s
dialog: facher?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: How embarrassing... I would DIE if
dialog: father ever did something like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: At least she’s not here f don’t
dialog: think. Jee-zus.
text: Mitch walks over to the front door and glances out. He looks
text: back at O’Bannion one more time and then steps outside the door.
text: He waves his arms to the guys across the street and then quickly
text: steps back inside. Mitch then walks over to Julie and Stacy and
text: slowly escorts them closer to O’Bannion‘s table. On the way
text: over, he whispers something in Julie’s ear.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: They’re busting Carl Burns out
dialog: back?
text: O'Bannion suddenly looks up from his game. He motions to a
text: friend standing near him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: ‘CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: OQ’ BANNION
dialog: Here, take over for me.
dialog: (to others)
dialog: " Can‘t believe ict. Get your
dialog: boards...
text: He walks outside as several follow.
text: signals to Mitch to come over.
text: and Stacy and walks over.
text: Ww. From across the room, Don
text: Mitch excuses himself from Julie
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Hey man, thac Julie chick likes
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Think so?
speaker_heading: ‘ DON
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: She's a fox. ~
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: T‘ll cell you though. Play it
dialog: cool, man. If she gets the
dialog: impression you like her too much,
dialog: she'll be off with someone else
dialog: before you know it.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Yeah. You got to play, it right.
dialog: Like if she asks you to ride out
dialog: there with her, don’t do it. Just
dialog: tell her you have a ride and, you
dialog: know, just say...
dialog: (extra casual)
dialog: “Maybe I‘11 see you out there a
dialog: little later.° .
dialog: (almost apologetic)
dialog: I know cthac sounds stupid but
dialog: that’s how it works.
scene_heading: EXT: PARKING LOT BEHIND EMPORIUM
text: O’Bannion and company arrive out back to find Carl standing there
text: with Hudson and Benny, about to be busted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: O’ BANNION
dialog: Shoowwee! We got another...
dialog: ~ (to Hudson and Benny)
dialog: . bemme go first on this one, okay?
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: Okay, whatever.
speaker_heading: O' BANNION
dialog: Thanks. .
dialog: (co Carl)
dialog: So we meet again...
dialog: _. {to others)
dialog: This little fucker’s mom pulled a
dialog: shotgun on my ass this afternoon!
dialog: {to Carl)
dialog: You had any licks yet?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: O' BANNION
dialog: {to others)
dialog: All right! Another cherry...
dialog: (to Carl)
dialog: Now I think you should pe your
text: hands up against the wall there...
text: Carl slowly obliges.
speaker_heading: 0’ BANNION
dialog: You must be one dumb freshman son-
dialog: of-a-bitch to be out tonight
dialog: somewhere where you'd get caught.
dialog: I thought I was going-to have to
dialog: spend all summer hunting you down
dialog: but then you show up out of nowhere
text: like a little lost puppy dog.
text: He positions himself behind and to the side of Carl and gets
text: ready to give him his first lick.
speaker_heading: O’ BANNION
dialog: I‘d like to dedicate this first
dialog: lick to your mother... fucker.
text: Just as he’s drawing back his board, at the height of his
text: sadistic glee, O’Bannion catches a solid drop of paint on his
text: arm, He holds his swing in mid-arc, dumbfounded. As he stares
text: at the drop, he gets another drop on che head. Confused but
text: curious, he looks upward just in time to see the source of his
text: stunning and thorough drenching in white paint and other junk
text: from above. In the confusion and O’Bannion’s general
text: helplessness, Carl sprints to Pentico’s waiting car that has
text: pulled up. He jumps in and they peel out.
dialog: o . a3.
scene_heading: 71 EXT: ALLEY BEHIND EMPORIUM - NIGHT
text: The car quickly makes the block and heads down an alley where ::
text: picks up Hirsh and Tommy who've climbed down from the roof-top.
text: After jumping in the car and driving away, the freshman guys are
text: absolutely ecstatic: laughing, screaming and “slapping ten* with
text: each other. Pure victory.
scene_heading: ’ 72 EXT: EMPORIUM PARKING LOT
text: \ Back behind the Emporium, O’Bannion is cursing everyone.
speaker_heading: O' BANNION
dialog: «..And you lazy fucks didn'c do
dialog: shit! How ‘bout some back-up. you
dialog: numb-nut cowards! You even let
dialog: that little fucker get away -
dialog: didn't even go after them!
dialog: Pitiful!
text: . Physically humiliated and embarrassed, he walks over to his car.
text: , On the way, he suddenly smashes his board against the street,
text: cracking it into many pieces. He throws the piece that is left
text: in his hand as far as he can and leaves the rest on the ground.
text: He gets in his car and speeds off. Only then do the others look
text: co at each other and howl with .laughter.
dialog: o
scene_heading: | 73° «INT: ‘TONY’S CAR AT SONIC - NIGHT
text: . A waitress brings their order out to the car on a tray that she
text: te hangs on the driver side window. Tony starts examining the goods
text: and passing them out.
dialog: ' TONY .
dialog: roe ..-Let’s see, tater-tots with
dialog: | cheese, onion rings, burger with
dialog: mustard, tater-tots with no cheese,
dialog: a cherry coke... I can’t believe
dialog: A I'm doing this. TI always swore I'd
dialog: i never be here and here I am sorting
dialog: | tater tots...
speaker_heading: it CYNTHIA
dialog: So beer bust at the moon tower?
dialog: : Are we going?
text: As they talk, Mike stares out the window at the cars going by on
text: the main drag. Suddenly he perks up.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: | . Whooah! You guys see that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ~
dialog: 73
dialog: |
dialog: C-
speaker_heading: J
dialog: :
dialog: 74
dialog: :
dialog: 75
dialog: 84,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: TONY -AND CYNTHIA
dialog: Where? Whac?
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: A woman in .thae car that juse drove
text: by pulled up her shirt and flashed
text: her cits in this direction.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: _ (excited)
dialog: No sir...
speaker_heading: __ MIKE
dialog: Yes sir.
text: A couple of cars take off after the drive-by car.
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: See, those cars are chasing her.
speaker_heading: TONY :
dialog: Wow...
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I wish I was one of chose people
dialog: who could do something like that.
dialog: You know, that spontaneous.
scene_heading: . TONY .
dialog: Don’t let us discourage you.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: See, now THAT’S visceral activity.
scene_heading: EXT: ROAD TO MOON TOWER - NIGHT
text: As Kiss’ *Rock and Roll All Night’ plays in the background, we
text: SEE many cars and the different groups partying as they drive out
text: of town to the moon tower. They seem to be lead by the “Ronald
text: McDonald/Gene Simmons’ truck driven by and Don, Pink, and Mitch.
scene_heading: EXT: BEER BUST AT MOON TOWER ~ NIGHT - ESTABLISHING
text: The cars drive down the dark road to the clearing near the moon
text: tower that serves as the central gathering place. Most cars park
text: on the periphery but Wooderson, Benny, Don and a few others stand
text: next to a truck that is alone in the center with a keg of beer
text: sitting on its tailgate. The “McDonald/Simmons’ statue stands
text: right behind the keg. Two speakers have been placed up on the
text: truck's cab and are blaring music from a tape deck. Some clever
text: sorts have now wired up ‘Ronald/Gene's* stomach speaker to the
text: truck's CB‘s P.A. system where if you talk into the mic, it
text: comes out of his stomach behind the keg.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
dialog: 76
dialog: as.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Kaye, Jodi, and a few others walk up as Sabrina lags a little
text: behind. They pass a group of guys standing around with cans of
text: beer, put not drinking. A guy who was in a car earlier, Party
text: Guy #1, gestures for Sabrina to come help chem out a bic.
speaker_heading: PARTY GUY #1
dialog: Hey, we're doing hot-shots... when
dialog: TI get this can up to my mouth, say
dialog: go, okay?
text: Sabrina is a litcle unsure but goes along.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Okay...
text: He opens the bottom side of the beer with a can opener and then
text: puts his mouth over the opening and his finger on the pop-cop of
text: the can. The others are already in this position. He looks at
dialog: her and indicates to say the word. :
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Ready, set, GO!
text: They all almost simultaneously pop their tops and practically
text: inhale their beers. One finishes slightly ahead of the others
text: and tosses his beer can to the ground. e winner. Sabrina
text: wanders into the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT: BEER BUST ROAD - NIGHT
text: Cynthia, Mike and Tony walk up as Mike seems to smell something.
dialog: MIKE ;
dialog: Hmmm. Someone‘s tokin‘ some
dialog: reefer...
text: Clint overhears Mike's observation. To show off to his immediate
text: crowd, he hands them back the joine and approaches Mike.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Hey, just a second. What did you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: -CLINT
dialog: Just then as you walked past, what
dialog: did you say?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: About whac?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a6.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: You said “someone’s cok:n‘' some
dialog: reeter.*
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I might have said something abouc
dialog: smelling some marijuana... an
dialog: observation.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Well I'M the one smoking marijuana,
dialog: motherfucker. You got a problem
dialog: with chac?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No, I don'c have a problem wich
dialog: , chat.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Then why did you say that, man. So
dialog: I'm a fuckin’ pot-head, what's it
dialog: to you?
dialog: (pushes Mike)
dialog: Huh?
dialog: Huh?
dialog: (pushes again)
text: Pink sees the jam Mike is in and comes over to help him out.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: {to Clint)
dialog: Ite‘s all right man, he’s okay.
text: Cline calms down a little and slowly heads back over to his
text: group. As Mike re-joins Tony and Cynthia and they begin co walk
text: away, Clint sore of points back at him.
speaker_heading: CLINT
dialog: Okay geek, I'll]. be watching out for
dialog: your ass...
text: Mike just turns and keeps walking.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Great, just what I need. The Cro-
dialog: Magnon man shadowing me.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You mean getting your face punched
dialog: in isn’t on your list of worthwhile
dialog: visceral experiences?
text: As they walk, they pass a drunk girl, SUSAN SUMNER heavily making
text: out with a guy. “Snen she’s not kissing him, she’s taking big
text: gulps of beer.
dialog: o a7.
scene_heading: 77 EXT: MOON TOWER - NIGHT
text: pink, Mitch, Slacer and Pickford are all climbing up ct
dialog: cower ladder, g up che moon
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: {to Mitch)
dialog: = can’t believe you’ve never been
dialog: out here.
speaker_heading: ' MITCH
dialog: Never have. Why do they call ic
dialog: the moon tower, anyway?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: In the 20’s they built it to -
text: simulate the light of a full moon.
dialog: So it's like the people around here
dialog: . have a full moon every night of the
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: And they haven't repaired anything
dialog: since the twenties so be careful,
text: some of the steps are about to
dialog: . give.
speaker_heading: Om ; SLATER
dialog: { This place used to be off limits.
dialog: ' Some drunk freshman fell off the
dialog: | top about ten years ago and smashed
text: his skull on a crossbeam.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: It’s a cool view though... Good
dialog: place to toke...
text: * They get to a rather small platform at the top. The view on one
text: side is the city and on the other the country. They stare out act
text: the city and back down at the others below.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: 1 : ;
dialog: : Look at this whole fucking town.
dialog: Te‘s completely dead. All those
dialog: i idiots that go off to their little
dialog: boring jobs and then drive home to
text: their little cubby holes to watch
text: T.V. and await death.
speaker_heading: : PICKFORD
dialog: If you’re not careful, that could
dialog: be any of us in a few years.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: a Not me, man,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: aa.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Slater fires up a joint as Slater stares off and det;
dialog: ina differenc way. Ponders society
speaker_heading: , SLATER
dialog: Think how many people out chere are
dialog: fucking at this very minute.
text: Mitch just stares down at all the people at the beer-busc. Down
text: below the tape is being changed co something else. Some scream
text: out their suggestions and objections.’
speaker_heading: RANDOM VOICES
dialog: 2Z Top: Nugent! Free Bird!
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: (shouting down)
dialog: Zepplin!
speaker_heading: RANDOM VOICE
dialog: Captain and Tenille!
speaker_heading: WOODERSON
dialog: Fuck you!
scene_heading: EXT: NEAR PARKED CARS - NIGHT
text: Tony, Mike and Cynthia are leaning against one of the cars.
speaker_heading: . TONY
dialog: Sacco and Vansetti.
text: They all laugh a Little and Mike gets an urge to be a little more
dialog: public.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah,
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Sacco and Vansetti!
text: This is drowned out by a new song, cranked up all the way.
text: Mike's tone suddenly changes.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (to others)
dialog: I’m going to get that guy.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: What guy?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: That asshole on the way in, Clint -
text: the super-dominant male.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a9.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: { laughing)
dialog: T wouldn’t suggest that.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I‘ve got it all planned our. Most
dialog: fights at places like this never
dialog: get past a punch or two before it’s
dialog: broken up, right? There’s this
dialog: almost natural instinct to not
dialog: upset the herd too much. So, I
dialog: just have to be sure to get one
dialog: good punch in and then play
dialog: defense.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: why are you even thinking like
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Ac first, you‘re relieved to get
text: away from the situation, but now
dialog: there’s a level of humiliation
dialog: setting in that I can tell is going
dialog: to be with me a long time. This
dialog: could be yet another experience
dialog: that contributes to me being a
dialog: lictcle ineffectual nothing the reste
dialog: of-my life. I have the conscious
dialog: ability to rebel against that. If
dialog: nothing else, ic’ll set an example
dialog: and a tone for my senior year.
dialog: It’s like when you go into prison.
dialog: They say walk right up to the
dialog: baddest dude in the whole place and
text: punch him right in the nose in
dialog: front of everyone. He might beat
dialog: the crap out of you, but nobody
dialog: will ever fuck with you because who
text: wants to get punched in the face
dialog: even one time? You gotta prove
dialog: you're one of those who's not
dialog: afraid to...
text: He doubles up his fist and punches his other hand in the palm
text: with a loud pop.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Great.
text: Sabrina wanders by Tony and after they make eye contact, she
text: boldly goes up to him.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Do you remember me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Cc ‘ 90.
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: __ TONY
dialog: Only if this afzerncon’s offer
text: still stands.
speaker_heading: _ SABRINA
dialog: (flircing cack)
dialog: Uh, what am I supposed to say?
dialog: Anything you want...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That's whac I want to hear.
text: They don’t quite know what to say next but Tony has subtly made
text: room for her to stand next to him while they lean on che car.
text: Cynthia looks at Sabrina and then back at Mike like °wWho’s this
text: untruder?* She seems more irritated that Tony has perked up ac
dialog: ,Sabrina’s presence.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Do you know whac time it is?
dialog: (changes mind)
dialog: No, don’t tell me, [It'll ruin the
dialog: rest of my night.
text: Cc Cynthia and Mike decide to walk around.
dialog: ~
scene_heading: | 79 EXT: BEER BUST - NEAR KEG - NIGHT
text: Cynthia and Mike are slowly walking toward the keg.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Why'd we even come here? I always
dialog: feel a little out of place at
dialog: things like this.
speaker_heading: : MIKE
dialog: i Yeah, it’s amazing. On one level
dialog: I don’t give a shit about anything
dialog: \ in the entire world but that hasn’t
dialog: ' taken away a kind of shyness.
dialog: You'd think you could blow off
dialog: ; caring if people accepted you or
dialog: : not.
speaker_heading: ' CYNTHIA
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (a beat) oo, .
text: I can’t believe he’s flirting with
dialog: that little freshman.
text: She happens to say this in earshot of Darla, who comes over to
dialog: (oo them when she hears the magic word.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: a1.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ; DARLA
dialog: Did you say freshman?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Yeah, right over there.
text: She points at Sabrina across the way.
speaker_heading: DARLA
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (to Darla)
dialog: No trouble though, okay?
text: Darla keeps looking at Sabrina while she wanders back co her pack
text: ‘of friends. Mike and Cynthia continue.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You can’t blame him, though. He
dialog: doesn’t even know you like him.
dialog: It's kind of difficule.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I know it. I hate this, let’s not
dialog: even talk about ic.
scene_heading: EXT: BASE OF TOWER - NIGHT
text: After climbing down from the moon cower, Mitch, Slater, Pickford
text: and Pink run into Julie, Stacy and some of their friends.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Cottonmouth man, I need some beer!
text: Julie wanders over to Mitch.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Hey. You want to go over and get
dialog: a beer?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Sure. Did you ride out here with
dialog: them?
text: They all start making their way toward the keg.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah. How ‘bout you, you got a
dialog: car?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SULIE
dialog: Uh-huh.
dialog: . (pointing)
dialog: That blue Camaro.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Cool.
text: They walk by an even more drunk Susan and a difference gu: » Pars
text: Guy #1, as they are getting in the back seat of a car. x few >
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: ¢
text: Party Guy #1’s friends are kind of milling around the car. °
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (to Julie)
text: Susan's drunk again.
speaker_heading: . JULIE
dialog: God, every time...
text: Mitch looks back at the car as they walk away.
scene_heading: EXT: BEER BUST - NEAR KEG
text: Pink walks over to where Benny and Don are standing.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Piiink.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Okay, so here‘’s che story: if we
dialog: ever get busted, we tell chem we
text: found it down by the river.
speaker_heading: DON .
dialog: Yeah. Right at the bottom of that
dialog: main path.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: When did we find it?
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Early this evening, as it was
text: getting dark.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Just don’t be driving around town
text: with it standing up in the back
dialog: unless you wane the cops all over
dialog: your ass.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Man, screw the cops in this town.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: (to Pink)
dialog: And I can smell that reefer on you
text: a mile away, boy. Coach Clements
dialog: is right - you‘ve been running with
dialog: that bad crowd again.
speaker_heading: - DON
dialog: Atcitude adjustmenc...
scene_heading: ._,._, . BENNY
dialog: Priorities...
speaker_heading: . PINK
dialog: I just wane co know who narced on
dialog: me. I mean why else would he
dialog: . single me out? It‘s not like I'm
dialog: the only athlete in our school that
dialog: parties.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Ahhh, don’t worry about ic. Fuck
dialog: what those coaches think.
text: Don gets that mischievous look on his face as he looks over at
dialog: all the people in line for che keg.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Check this out.
dialog: ‘ (yells)
dialog: Cops!
text: In a panic, they all either toss their beers or walk away quickly
text: from the keg.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Amateurs.
text: Don laughs as he walks over to the keg and pours himself a beer.
text: We suddenly HEAR someone off in the woods in another direction
text: throwing up. Everyone kind of laughs at this anonymous person’s
dialog: misery.
scene_heading: EXT: NEAR CARS - NIGHT
text: Cynthia and Mike are back near Tony and Sabrina leaning against
text: a car and talking.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: «..Z just think it’s important to
dialog: rebel against all those petty fears
dialog: like pain or even death.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED:
dialog: They all
dialog: MIKE icone'd)
dialog: Té you can gec to thac point where
dialog: you are not only not afraid of
dialog: death but perhaps even embracing
dialog: it, then there is no longer any
dialog: bad. everything then goes beyond
dialog: judgement - good/evil, right/wrong -
dialog: it’s all bullshic.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: From your perspective maybe, but
dialog: certainly you're not implying that
dialog: this 1s valid thinking for
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I‘m not everyone and of course my
dialog: perspective - for better and worse
dialog: it’s the only one I’ve got.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: So if there is no absolute
dialog: morality, judgement, or anything
dialog: else, would you push the button
dialog: that would start a global thermo-
dialog: nuclear war if you could?
dialog: MIKE .
dialog: I'm not sure. depends on my mood at
text: the cime.
text: laugh a little. Cynthia rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Great...
text: Although Tony, seems to have been paying more attention to
dialog: Sabrina,
dialog: Mike gets
text: he finally jumps in the conversation.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Let's just say we're thankful the
text: button to the nuclear holocaust is
text: in the hands of policicians worried
dialog: about re-election and not someone
dialog: like you going through an
dialog: existential crisis.
text: a liccle antsy and begins to walk away.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Whatever... Me and my existential
dialog: crisis are going to go walk around.
dialog: Later. Much.
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: or
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT: AT TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Near another truck with a stereo going, Pickford, Michelle, Pink
text: Slacer, Stoner #2, and Stacy sit in a circle on the ground ,
text: passing a reefer and listening to Neil Young’s ‘After The
text: Goldrtisn.* No one says anything for a while but then Stoner #1
text: and Slater stare in.
speaker_heading: STONER #1
text: This song is about aliens landing.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Of course, man. This country was
dialog: founded by people who worshipped
dialog: aliens - George Washington and
dialog: them. They were all a part of some
dialog: cult that was way into that.
speaker_heading: STONER #1
dialog: George toked weed too, man. He
dialog: grew it at Mt. Vernon.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Suuure,
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Really man, it’s true. He thought
dialog: it would be a good cash crop for
dialog: the southern states. The man was
dialog: a visionary... And here we are
dialog: tokin’ to his vision 200 years
dialog: ater. .
text: Slater does a little salute with the joint before passing it.
scene_heading: EXT: NEAR CARS - NIGHT
text: Kaye, Cynthia, Jodi and Pink are standing around talking.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: ...It’s like all our decisions have
dialog: been made for us. What are our
dialog: true options? We can ride around,
dialog: stand here and talk. There's gotta
dialog: be something interesting going on
dialog: somewhere else... It’s just that
dialog: we're stuck in bum-fuck-ville.
speaker_heading: JODI |
dialog: And it’s all so generic.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I wish I was like Italian or Black
dialog: or something... anything to not
dialog: feel like I stepped out of the
dialog: Brady Bunch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: So whac is it more of, the place
dialog: we're stuck in or the time period
dialog: we're stuck in? Maybe nothing's
dialog: going on anywhere. Maybe nothing's
text: EVER gone on anywhere.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: «..T really liked Tony's last
dialog: column about this decade. Whac was
dialog: that one line? “The uncercaincies
dialog: of the 60's have been sold out for
dialog: ghe certainty of boredom in the
dialog: "Ss..."
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Yeah, I’m working on this every-
dialog: other-decade theory: Okay, the
dialog: 50’s were boring, the sixties
dialog: rocked, and the 70’s obviously
dialog: suck, so maybe the 80‘s are going
dialog: to be cool. .
dialog: (optimiscic)
dialog: I figure we'll be in our twenties
dialog: and hey, it can’t get any worse.
text: Pink walks around over to Tony.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Tony, real quick. I don’t want to
dialog: be sports editor. I‘d rather write
dialog: features, editorials, anything but
dialog: sports.
speaker_heading: TONY 2
dialog: You're all we have. Just be editor
dialog: and I’11 let you write whatever
dialog: else you want.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: I just, you know... enough of my
dialog: life has been spent on sports
dialog: already.
text: Jodi walks around over to Pink.
speaker_heading: JODI :
dialog: Let's go get another beer.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Okay,
text: Pink and Jodi just kind of smile and walk away.
dialog: 85
dialog: - 97.
scene_heading: EXT: OTHER SIDE CF KEG - NISHT
text: Mike stands at a distance observing che car Susan is in as the
text: door opens and Party Guy #1 gets out. Several of the guy‘s drunk
text: friends are practically standing in line to make out with her.
text: Another guy is soon kissing her and feeling her large breasts.
text: Suddenly Benny walks over to them and sort. of breaks it up.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I don't think you boys should be
dialog: taking advantage of Susan when
text: she's drunk.
dialog: (lower)
dialog: We all did thac when we were
dialog: younger and ic wasn't very nice.
speaker_heading: PARTY GUY #1
dialog: Great, when it's our turn we have
dialog: . someone like you keeping us in
dialog: ine. .
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Hey fuck you, man. Seriously, you
dialog: guys get lost. Get going before
dialog: you get hurt.
text: As the guys disperse, Susan: stumbles over to the rear car door,
text: opens it, and sits down.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: : (to Susan)
dialog: You gonna be all right?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Ohhhh, God, I drank too much. I
dialog: chink I’m startin’ to not feel so
dialog: good. '
text: Apparently more interested in intimidating the guys than actually
text: helping Susan out, Benny soon walks away. As soon as the coast
text: is clear, Mike walks over near her. She is looking down and is
text: barely conscious.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Guys are fucking bastards...
text: She looks up at him, studies him for a second, then gestures for
text: him to come closer.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: C'mere. What's your name?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: ‘ 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Mike.
speaker_heading: * SUSAN
dialog: Do = know you?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah, I think so. I know you.
text: She grabs his hand and pulls him closer to her. Soon ne
dialog: is
text: sitting right nexc to her in the back seat.
speaker_heading: _ SUSAN
dialog: You‘re kind of cute. De you Like
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: . MIKE
dialog: Sure.
text: She slowly pulls him down on cop of her.
scene_heading: EXT: WOODS - NIGHT
text: Jodi leads pink into the woods. They are both kind of laughing.
text: Suddenly Jodi stops, turns around, and is face-to-face with Pink.
text: She kind of smiles and then puts an arm around his neck and
text: starts kissing him. He willingly goes along. Soon they break.
speaker_heading: : JODI
dialog: Shavonne was righc.
dialog: wae? PINK
dialog: ©?
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: She said you'ze the kind that
dialog: always waits for the girl cto make
dialog: the first move.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Well it‘s true, it just worked for
dialog: me. I was testing you.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Ie‘s easier. Why, did I pass or
dialog: fail?
speaker_heading: JgopI
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: : (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She comes closer to him and they start kissing again. Sud hy
text: Jodi backs away and looks right at Pink. He geens to be enjoying
text: the situation and quickly turns to che side, grabs something our
text: of his- pocket and puts it in his mouth. He then cooly, in an
text: almost Bogartish manner, turns to her with a joint dangling from
text: the side of his mouth. Jodi laughs but seems to be going 40
dialog: something else.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: So how would you define yourself;
text: more of a jock, a stoner, or a
dialog: smart guy like Tony and Mike.
text: She takes the joine out of his mouth.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: ‘ what, you can only be one ching?
dialog: Hey, I’m just trying to get by as
dialog: painlessly as possible. What is
dialog: this, a ‘let's analyze Randy’
dialog: session? How do you define
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Don't get all mad. Just a few
dialog: thoughts.
text: They start kissing again.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: So, Randy, don‘ct you have a
dialog: girlfriend or something.
speaker_heading: PINK :
dialog: I don’t know, here and there.
dialog: This is not really what Jodi wants to hear and she kind of backs
text: off and thinks about it a little. :
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: So, in relation to me, chat would
dialog: mean I’m here right now, and there
dialog: as goon as I’m out of your sight.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Whatever...
text: Jodi starts walking back to the bust and Pink follows.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Gimme my joint back.
dialog: a7
dialog: 88
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT: SACK SEAT OF PARKED CAR - NISHT
text: In che back seat of the car, Susan and Mike are kissing wildly.
text: Soon her breasts are out of her shirc and Mike is all over them.
dialog: T£ noc quite sure what to do, he makes up for any lack of
dialog: experience with enthusiasm and curiosity.
text: Suddeniy Susan becomes coherent and pushes him off her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Stop! .
dialog: (pushes him)
dialog: You fucker!
text: Mike is surprised at her sudden rage and moves away a iittie.
text: She then kicks at him.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: All you bastards are the same! All
dialog: ‘ you want is one thing!
dialog: (kicks again)
dialog: Well fuck ALL of you!
text: She kicks one more time as he gets up and out of the car. He
text: looks back and she sort of shoots the finger at him bue hardly
text: seems focused on him at all. He moves away from the car but
text: watches her try to button her shirt back up while she starts
text: crying.
scene_heading: EXT: OTHER SIDE OF KEG - NIGHT
text: Julie and Mitch are getting pretty cosy standing against a tree
text: when they are interrupted.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Kerr!
text: Mitch looks around and sees Don standing across the way with
text: Benny, Hudson and a few others. Jodi and Pink come out of the
text: woods and kind of smile at each other as they part. She holds up
text: the joint and he just waves her off as if to say “keep it.” As
text: she keeps walking, he falls in with his crowd.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: That's right. YOU, freshman.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: C'mere boy! We need to have a word
dialog: with you.
text: Mitch looks a bit nervous and then looks over at Julie.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I guess I better go see what they
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Yeah, you probably should,
speaker_heading: / MITCH
dialog: Shit. I'1l be back... maybe.
text: By the time Mitch gets over to them, their tone has lightened up
text: to a good-natured ribbing session.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Look ac him, a little Casanova.
text: Mitch grins a little.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: He's got that little shit eatin’
text: ‘ grin on... :
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Whact‘’d I cell you, huh?
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Not bad for a little freshman.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: {humored)
dialog: Whatever, man.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: 1 juse want to know are you gonna
dialog: be fuckin’ her later or are you
dialog: gonna be a little wimp?
text: Mitch dishes it back to them.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: How do you know I haven't already?
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Shit, boy, get out of here...
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Son, I think it’s past your
dialog: bedtime...
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: You should catch a ride with her if
dialog: you can... Tell her we left you and
dialog: you don’t have any other way.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah, see what happens.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: : 88
dialog: ' 89
dialog: 202.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: You betcer get back to her, boy.
speaker_heading: " MITCH
dialog: Yeah. You guys cake it easy.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: We wane a full report in the
dialog: morning.
scene_heading: EXT: EDGE OF WOODS - NIGHT
text: Kaye and Jodi are standing off to the side, taking ic all in.
dialog: gopt
dialog: . I feel like walking and smoking
dialog: this joinc.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: Yeah, good idea.
dialog: (a beac)
dialog: Check out Shavonne... Her and Don‘s
text: little mating ritual unfolding
dialog: before us. .
text: They look across the way to see Don walking away from Shavonne as
text: she follows. He then stops and twists his way into her arms
text: momentarily. before they break and walk farther into che woods.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Do you ever just see people and
dialog: think of us as simply products of
dialog: lust and sex? At the moment of
dialog: conception we were all the farthest
dialog: thing from our parent’s mind...
speaker_heading: : KAYE
dialog: And most of the kids in our
dialog: generation are mistakes, anyway.
speaker_heading: JoDI
dialog: Yeah, and I guess it wasn’t legal
dialog: to abort us so they were stuck.
text: Mitch and Julie come walking by. Jodi motions for them to come
text: over. They do.
speaker_heading: JoDr
dialog: Is that a beer in your hand, little
dialog: brother? Have you had more than
dialog: one of those tonight? .
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah, yeah, who’s counting?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a9
dialog: 90
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: goDrI
dialog: I guess I better get used to me and
dialog: my little brother being at the same
dialog: social functions. What time are
dialog: you supposed to be home?
text: Mitch is acting cool but in an amused, up-beat manner.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Oh, an hour or two ago...
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Don‘t think for a second Mom won'c
dialog: be waiting up for you when you get
dialog: home, no matter what time.
text: Micch and Julie start walking away.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Just do me a favor and don'c ask
dialog: her to cake it easy on me.
text: He looks at Julie and then past her where he catches eyes with
text: Sabrina, who's in mid-flirty conversation with Tony. They
text: experience a big moment of recognition and smile and shrug at
text: each other as if to say ‘this is the life, but this is crazy.’
scene_heading: EXT: NEAR PARKED CARS - NIGHT
text: Tony and Sabrina continue talking.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: .-Isn't it someone's theory that
dialog: our entire personalities are formed
dialog: the time we're seven or so?
dialog: t's kind of depressing,
dialog: actually, think of all the stuff
dialog: we're stuck with by default.
text: Jodi and Kaye walk by them on their way down the road.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Hey guys... |
speaker_heading: TONY & SABRINA
dialog: Hey...
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: We're going to take off for a bit.
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (to Sabrina)
dialog: “ T can give you a ride.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Okay. So I'll either see you later
dialog: or catch a ride with Tony.
dialog: Joor
dialog: Okay, cool.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Bye.
dialog: {to Tony)
dialog: Yeah, I know what you're talking
dialog: about. Certain things stick with
dialog: . you forever. Like when I was in
dialog: second grade, in order to get words
dialog: right on a spelling cest, we used
dialog: to make up sentences where the
dialog: first letter in each word stands
dialog: for a letter. Like arithmetic was
dialog: “A rat in the house might eat the
dialog: ice cream," and geography was
text: “George eats old gray rats and
text: paints houses yellow.’
text: Tony laughs.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Tu probably be seventy years old
dialog: and when I go to write one of those
dialog: words, one of those stupid
dialog: sentences will still go through my
dialog: head every single time.
text: They both laugh a bit. Darla suddenly walks up to Sabrina and
dialog: Tony. :
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: (co Sabrina)
dialog: Air-raid!
text: They both seem kind of surprised, and Sabrina looks up at Tony.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: (even meaner)
dialog: I said air-raid freshman!
text: Tension mounts considerably and Tony feels a little confronted.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What for? C'mon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90
dialog: o
dialog: a
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: . DARLA
dialog: This is between me and her and she
dialog: better be on that ground in five
dialog: seconds.
text: Everybody just kind of stands there.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: She doesn‘c have to because she's
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: . (to Sabrina)
dialog: Air-raid or its your ass!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: ‘ (to Sabrina)
dialog: Don't do it.
text: Sabrina still says nothing but looks at both of them, sort of
text: weighing the aggressor against the protector. A lictle unsure of
text: what to do, she still doesn't air-raid.
speaker_heading: DARLA_
dialog: That's it you little freshman
dialog: bitch! I'm never going to forget
dialog: this. I'm going to make the next
dialog: year of your life hell!
text: Darla storms off while Sabrina and Tony just kind of look at each
text: other like ‘what was that?* Mike walks over cto them.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah, don't air-raid for that
dialog: bitch. I hate shit like that.
dialog: It’s like that Clint fucker in
dialog: front of all his friends...
text: He does a re-enactment by pushing Tony.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: > (continuing)
dialog: (pushes again)
dialog: Huh, motherfucker?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Okay, okay.
text: Mike suddenly sees Clint raising hell in the keg line. As if led
text: by some wild instinct, he starts to walk over to him.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: The dominant male monkey will get
dialog: his comeuppance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Clint’s back is to Mike when he walks up to him. He h fyit
text: Seer in his hand and kind of glances around with a sLigne® a sees
text: quizzical look on his face. He soon focuses on Clint and pours
text: his ermire beer over Clint’s head. As a stunned Clint whiris
text: around, Mike quickly drops the empry cup and punches Clint a
text: fairly good one in the face. Unfortunateiy for Mike, Clint
text: recovers rather quickly, grabs Mike’s shirt with one hand, and
text: starts punching him with the other.
scene_heading: EXT: NEAR PARKED CARS - NIGHT
text: Tony can’t believe what’s happening and starts to run over to the
text: scene of the fight.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: {to Sabrina)
dialog: : Shit, he really did it, I can’t
dialog: believe ic. :
scene_heading: EXT: OTHER SIDE OF KEG - NIGHT
text: Pink and Benny see the commotion and almost instinctively run
text: over to the fight. .
scene_heading: EXT: FIGHT SCENE - NIGHT
text: As Tony, Pink, and Benny arrive to try to help break it up, they
text: are shielded from the fight by a large wall of people circled
text: around the nucleus of the fight. Contradictory to Mike’s plan,
text: no one in the immediate vicinity seems to want to break up the
text: fight. Worse still, by being such eager spectators, they are
text: actively shielding out thoge who want to help Mike.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Move it!
text: Pink, Benny, and Tony (by following their lead) aggressively push
text: their way through the crowd. Finally, as Mike continues to get
text: the holy shit beat out of him, the guys break through and pull
text: Clint off Mike.
scene_heading: EXT: WOODS - NIGHT
text: Jodi and Kaye are walking through the woods smoking a joint when
text: they come across an old cemetery. They walk through it, looking
text: at headstones. In the distance, we HEAR cars and trucks starting
text: up and leaving the beer bust sight,
text: Kaye is soon staring at a grave and seems far, far away in her
text: thoughts. Jodi senses this and says nothing. Kaye suddenly
text: turns and starts walking out of the cemetery.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Jodi follows as they head off farther down the road.
scene_heading: ExT: ‘FOOTBALL FIELD - NIGHT
text: Pink, Benny, and Hudson are walking around roaring drunk on th
text: fooctball field. They do imitations of their coaches an ranting.
dialog: authorictative/aggressive voices..
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Don't you get up! Don't you quit!
dialog: You're wearing Hornet green!
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Stick him! Stick him! I wane you
dialog: on him like stink on shic!
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: Pitch man, pitch man, chac‘s yo’
dialog: itch man! TI want you to knock his
dialog: ights out! Put him in dreamland!
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: You don't want to hit him. Hell,
dialog: my grandmother hits harder chan
dialog: that. ‘Course she is 6‘4*/ 250.
text: Pink assumes a mock~-serious pose as he walks nearer the others
text: like a coach ac halfcime.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: People, we can't get out there and
dialog: play for ya. And IF I COULD, we
dialog: wouldn't win by two points, we'd
dialog: win by twenty-two points.
dialog: {a beat) . .
dialog: And have you ever noticed, it's
dialog: these same fools that are always
dialog: saying... |
dialog: (imitative voice)
dialog: People, these are the best years of
dialog: your life. They told me thac when
dialog: was your age and I didn't believe
dialog: it then, but now I see they were
dialog: telling the truth. If I only knew
dialog: then what I know now...
dialog: (normal)
dialog: I juse want to go, yeah, if you're
dialog: a dumb-fuck, it just might be the
dialog: best years of your Life.
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ao
dialog: i 95
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 96
dialog: '
speaker_heading: CH
dialog: . 97
dialog: 98
dialog: |
dialog: 99
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Tf at any point in the future I
dialog: start thinking of these as the best
dialog: years of my life, remind me cto kill
dialog: myself.
text: Suddenly a quick police bleep is heard and a squad
text: and puts a light on them. . qwad car pulls up
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Hey! You chree! Get up here!
scene_heading: EXT: FOOTBALL FIELD PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: As they walk up to the cops, they see them looking through chi
dialog: hed of the truck at che Ronald/Gene statue. $ $ °
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: (excited)
dialog: This you boys’ truck?
speaker_heading: COP #2
text: Looks like Ronald got a face-lift.
scene_heading: EXT: CUL DE SAC - DAWN
text: Julie’s car.is parked at the turn-around of a desolate road.
text: Mitch and Julie lie on a blanket in the grass not far from the
text: car as the early morning radio plays. They are making out ina
text: big way. They eventually roll over and then both stare up at the
text: clouds going by in the pre-dawn sky.
scene_heading: EXT: BEER BUST SITE - DAWN
text: Kaye and Jodi wander back to the beer bust site. Everyone seems
text: to have vacated although there are still a few empty cars there.
text: Ie seems to be getting lighter outside.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: We gotta see the sun rise from up
dialog: there.
text: They walk over to the moon tower and start climbing.
scene_heading: EXT: DON’S HOUSE - DAWN
text: Snavonne pulls up in front of Don‘s house to drop him off. They
text: continue what seems to have been a long make-out session but
text: before they can get very far, they HEAR the bleep of a police car
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ~ . 109,
speaker_heading: 99 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Shit...
text: Don géts our as Cop #1 approaches him.
speaker_heading: ‘COP #1
dialog: Good morning mister Dollar. You
dialog: had a busy night?
text: Den says nothing but notices Pink in the back seat looking kind
text: of glum.
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: You ready to go for a ride?
text: He opens che door for Don as he gets in the back of the car.
speaker_heading: CoP #1
dialog: Absolutely no talking between you
dialog: two.
scene_heading: 100 = EXT: MOON TOWER - DAWN
text: Co ~ : They are soon looking out at the horizon, awaiting the sun. Kaye
text: has a distant expression and occasionally looks down.
speaker_heading: KAYE :
dialog: I can't stop thinking about this
dialog: tombstone I saw back there. This
dialog: girl was only 19 when she died.
dialog: 1948 to 1967. It's just sad.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Sucks... But you can’t let stuff
dialog: like that bother you.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: But it‘s like who’s even thinking
dialog: about her right now?
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: I don’t know. People that knew
dialog: her. You're thinking of her.
speaker_heading: KAYE ;
dialog: Because there’s a rock in the
text: ground with her name on it.
text: They both stare out ac the horizon.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: —_ I don’t think anyone can ever
dialog: really know anyone else.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She looks back down where all che people were gathered earlier.
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: What's going to happen <9 all of
dialog: us? I mean, everyone that was here
dialog: conight... within a year or so,
dialog: we'll all be scatcered and most of
dialog: us will never see each other
dialog: again...
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: Yeah, probably.
text: Kaye’s attention switches when she notices something in the
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: Do you see the lights over there?
speaker_heading: JODI.
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: KAYE
text: Flickering, past that big house way
dialog: up there on the left... it sort of
text: Sparkles on and off.
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: What IS that?
speaker_heading: : JODI ,
dialog: I don't have my contacts in.
text: Jodi rubs her eyes a little as Kaye grows a lirtle anxious.
speaker_heading: KAYE :
dialog: You HAVE to see them...
text: Jodi rubs her eyes again and looks. Kaye stands right next to
text: her and puts their heads near each other so she's sure she's
text: looking in the right place.
dialog: Jopt
dialog: A flickering light?
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: Yeah. Here, let me try.
text: She gently rubs Jodi’s closed eyes.
speaker_heading: JODI
dialog: I should be able to see it...
speaker_heading: KAYE
dialog: You have cto.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: ili.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: There's an extended, almost dramatic moment.
dialog: ODI
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Tt see it!
text: They both feel elated and hug each other.
scene_heading: EXT: RIVER - DAWN
text: Cop #1 and Don walk down the path coward the river.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: It was kind of dark, but I believe
dialog: we walked down here...
text: Don acts like he's trying to remember how they found the statue.
text: Of course he's trying to think what exactly Pink might have cold
text: the officers. Soon they are by the creek's edge.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: So where exactly was the object
dialog: when you boys made this miraculous
dialog: discovery?
text: Don looks around a bit for where Ronald might have been. He
text: points to a slight clearing at the end of the path.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: He was laying somewhere in this
dialog: area.
text: The cop seems a bit perplexed that cheir stories seem to match so
dialog: ar. .
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Okay, quick: when you found him was
dialog: he face up or 2?
text: Don answers as if he clearly remembers.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Face up. Positive.
text: The officer looks at him, definitely frustrated and slightly
dialog: disgusted.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Let's go.
text: At the police car, he opens the door for Don. He and Pink both
text: sit there not fully aware of their fate.
dialog: or"
dialog: ! 102
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: EXT: DON’S HOUSE - DAWN
text: Fhey pull up in front of Don's house and Cop #1 angrily curns <5
dialog: On.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: You are one lucky little prick.
dialog: {to Pink)
dialog: You too. Get lost.
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: (to both of them)
dialog: Now we don't want to hear about you
text: two getting in any more trouble.
speaker_heading: DON.
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, no sir.
text: The police drive off. Once cthey’re ac a safe disc .
text: Pink kind of look at each other’ in amazement. ance, Don and
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: Face up?
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Face up! Yes! .
text: They give each other “ten” in this clear victory over the system.
text: As they stand out in the early morning street, Pickford‘s car
text: drives by and stops.
speaker_heading: . PICKFORD
dialog: Happnin' boys?
text: Pink and Don walk over to the car.
text: PINK .
dialog: Hey man, you guys goin’ to get the
dialog: tickets?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Want to go? We're on our way right
dialog: now. I'm catching my third wind...
text: Don looks in the car and sees Slater asleep in the back.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: That Slater?
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Yeah, he’s totally passed out but
dialog: when he wakes up he'd be pissed if
dialog: we didn’c take him along.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: {to Don)
dialog: * Wanna go?
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: I'm out of ic, man, but go ahead.
speaker_heading: PICKFORD
dialog: Well bros, we gotta be gettin.’
dialog: Thac line’s getting longer every
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: PINK
dialog: {to Pickford)
dialog: Maybe I‘1ll cruise down chere with
dialog: . you guys.
text: He hops in the car.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Later... You guys be careful.
speaker_heading: . PINK
dialog: Later.
text: Before Pickford throws the car in gear and speeds away, he holds
text: up Aerosmith’s “Toys in the Attic* tape and gives a thumbs up.
scene_heading: EXT: SABRINA‘S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: While the rest of the car waits on him, Tony walks Sabrina up the
text: driveway. Avoiding walking all the way to the trailer out back,
text: she stops near the front door to the house. .
dialog: My mom might be waitii
dialog: mom mig! je waiting up, so you
dialog: probably shouldn‘t be standing
text: there T open the door.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You were supposed to be home at
dialog: what time?
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: I think she said twelve or twelve-
dialog: thirty. I'm probably grounded all
dialog: summer.
dialog: cyoustely
dialog: okingly
dialog: So, you want to go out... this fall
dialog: sometime?
text: She smiles then seems a little nervous.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104
dialog: 1214.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Well, thanks for the ride, and
dialog: ” breakfast and everything...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, after you've been drinking
dialog: beer all night it‘s kind of good to
dialog: eat a bunch cf pancakes and syrup.
text: They both stand there a little awkwardly, knowing ic is time for
text: che good night kiss. Tony has a sudden thought and looks around
dialog: a bit.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I smell my coin collection.
text: He quickly realizes this out-of-the-blue statement could not
text: possibly make any sense and attempts co clarify.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: The oil-based cleaner I used to use
dialog: on my coin collection when I was
dialog: nine years old...
dialog: (gives up) .
dialog: Anyway...
text: He leans over and kisses her. As he backs away a bit she pulls
text: him toward her and they have a major session. They finally parc;
text: he’s in a bit of a daze while she smiles a bic.
speaker_heading: SABRINA
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: TONY .
dialog: (gestures to house)
dialog: Good luck... you know, with the
dialog: parental units and all.
text: He gets in the car and drives off.
scene_heading: INT: ‘TONY'S CAR OUTSIDE SABRINA’S - NIGHT
text: Inside the car, they ride hima little.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Parental units?
text: Bruised and swollen, Mike is leaning against the window but has
text: not completely lost’ his sense of humor (although he can barely
text: open his eyes).
speaker_heading: MIXE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: You pull that tongue?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 1s.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 104
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA .
dialog: So all in all, did this bea!
dialog: playing cards conighc?
speaker_heading: -, TONY
dialog: Hmmm. Though If didn’c win the
dialog: money I would have at the poker
dialog: table, it’s okay because you guys
dialog: paid for most of che breakfasc.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Just one question - how does she
dialog: rate with Lincoln?”
text: They drive off.
scene_heading: INT: MITCH’S HOUSE - OAWN 105
text: Mitch walks into his house, thinking of his evening and smiling.
text: MITCH'S MOTHER is standing there and he momentarily gets an
text: “obedient son’ expression on his face. As if she’s been
text: preparing for hours, she’s not mad but rather reasonable when she
text: confronts him. .
speaker_heading: MITCH’S MOTHER
dialog: Okay, this is your one. Your
dialog: sister told me everything so I’ve
dialog: decided to make this deal with you.
dialog: I’m going to try to be open-minded,
dialog: but next cime you come in at
dialog: sunrise, we're going to have some
dialog: trouble.
text: Mitch kind of shrugs his shoulders and raises his hands as if to
text: say ‘okay, good.’ He continues on to his room, slips off his
text: shoes and walks over to his bed. Not quite finished, his mother
text: pokes her head in his room.
speaker_heading: MITCH’S MOTHER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: So what, are you drunk? And who’s
dialog: that girl in the Camaro that gave
dialog: you a ride?
text: Mitch just lays down on the bed, grins slightly, and slowly
text: closes his eyes.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 116,
scene_heading: EXT: HIGHWAY - pawn 106
text: - Pickford, Michelle, pink and a recent ly-awakened Slater are
text: Speeding down the early morning highway. Pickford drives while
text: Slater and Michelle finish rolling a joint in the back seat,
text: They fire it up while Pink turns up the volume on the Stereo and
text: then stares out at the empty road ahead
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
