speaker_heading: SILENCE
speaker_heading: AKA SHHH
dialog: Written
dialog: by
dialog: Leigh Whannell & James Wan
dialog: Evolution Entertainment March 2,2005
dialog: 901 N. Hichland Ave. 2nd Draft
dialog: Les Angeles, CA 90038
dialog: This script is meant to be read late at right.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A candle. “Its flame pulses, throwing a halo of light orto a
text: bone white wall.
text: In the jaundice glow, the silhouette of a woman sits on the
text: edge of a bed. Lying in the bed is another figure, also
text: veiled in shadow.
text: The woman tucks the figure in. Their faces remain hidden in
text: darkness as the scene plays out.
speaker_heading: ' WOMAN
dialog: Time to go to sleep.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Tell me another story.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
text: It’s getting late. Tomorrow night.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Go on. I promise I'll be good for
dialog: the rest of the year if you do.
text: The woman laughs.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What kind of story?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: A scary one.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I don't know if I should. You'll
dialog: have nightmares and wake up
text: screaming.
dialog: Boy
dialog: I won't! I swear it, I swear it!
text: The woman sighs.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Well, I hope you’re right about not -
text: screaming.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That’s the last thing you'd ever
dialog: want to do.
dialog: 
dialog: '
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: KS Why?
text: The woman leans forward and whispers.
speaker_heading: . WOMAN
dialog: Because Mary Shaw might hear you.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Who's Mary Shaw?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What? You mean you don‘t know the
dialog: tale cf Mary Shaw?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Ne. Tell me!
text: We MOVE AWAY from the bed, searching through the inky
text: darkness. A spotlight illuminates a young girl of about five.
text: She sits at a children’s size table, pouring tea for a doll.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
text: Once in the town of Raven's Fair,
dialog: a little girl named Mary,
text: sat alone in despair.
dialog: No one loved this little girl,
dialog: neither hugged her nor kissed her,
dialog: we so she talked to her dolls,
dialog: like they were brothers and
dialog: sisters.
dialog: 
text: We move past the little girl, searching through the dark and
text: finding Mary at age 17. She is pregnant.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: When Mary left home,
dialog: she went straight out and married,
text: and soon in her belly,
dialog: a child she carried.
text: A MOUSTACHED man, who is clearly drunk, steps up behind Mary,
text: SLAPPING her viciously and ATTACKING HER.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: That is ‘til the night,
dialog: her husband attacked her,
dialog: she lost the baby,
text: and sadness did wrack her.
text: Everything goes dark, then another spotlight swords through
text: the space, giving light to a haggard and desperate looking
text: Mary, nursing one of her childhood dolls. She whispers to it.
dialog: 
dialog: us
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.}
dialog: Ne Some say she went mad,
text: a little round the bend,
dialog: because she started talking,
text: to her dolis again.
text: A red velvet curtain behind Mary parts, revealing MARY, now
text: an OLD WOMAN, sitting on a stage with a classic
text: VENTRILOQUIST'S DUMMY on her lap.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: To Mary it wasn't a toy,
text: Made of nuts, bolts and wood,
dialog: to her she held a living being,
dialog: the child she never could.
dialog: Over the years she made a living,
dialog: talking to those dolls,
dialog: @ ventriloguist she became,
dialog: the most talented of all.
text: AS an unseen audience roars with applause, the red velvet
text: curtain closes, and we ascend into the blackness - finding
text: the weary figure of Mary trudging up a set of stairs.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.C.)
dialog: 5 Then late one night,
dialog: i when she returned to her room,
text: hidden high above the stage,
text: ~ dark and cramped like a tomb...
dialog: 
text: Mary steps into her living quarters. BEHIND EER, a man KICKS
text: open the door. It is the husband who attacked her. earlier.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: -».sher husband the brute,
text: As usual, horribly drunk,
dialog: heard Mary talk back to him,
dialog: and demanded her tongue!
text: The man hurls Mary onto a table, pinning her down and holding
text: a razor aloft.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: Mary resisted,
dialog: wouldn’t open her mouth,
dialog: so he made her scream,
dialog: and then cut it out!
text: Mary SCREAMS - and the man severs her tongue with the razor.
text: Darkness descends on Mary, as she CRIES and cowers in a
text: corner, next to an empty babies crib. Her back is to us, her
text: face buried in her hands.
dialog: 
text: She turns and steps up onto a stool, slipping her head =nto a
dialog: noose.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Mary couldn’t go on,
dialog: “without her tongue,
text: She put her head in a noose,
dialog: and from it she swung.
text: Mary steps off the stool, swinging in the noose. Her
text: ventriloquist dummy is slumped in a chair opposite her.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: But after that night,
dialog: it was said,
dialog: that Mary Shaw,
dialog: wasn't really dead.
dialog: Something had gone,
text: from her into the doll,
dialog: her spirit found a way,
dialog: to exact a terrible toll.
text: We move away, another spotlight showing us Mary’s husband
text: lying in bed. A noise stirs him awake and he sits up.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: Her ghost would leave,
text: the doll ‘at night,
dialog: and appear to people,
dialog: to cause them fright.
dialog: And if those people,
dialog: who saw her did scream,
dialog: their tongues would be gone -—
text: ripped out clean.
text: A shadow falls over Mary’s husband and he SCREAMS!
text: A cluster of gas lanterns swarm into view; the figures
text: holding them are ali clutching Mary’s ventriloquist dummy.
text: They wrap the doll in rosary beads, stuffing it into a heavy
dialog: trunk.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: Eventually, the town of Ravens
dialog: Fair,
dialog: couldn't take it anymore,
dialog: not one more scare.
dialog: They locked away,
dialog: the cursed puppet,
text: stowed it in a trunk,
text: bolted and shut it.
text: The trunk is slammed shut and BOLTED with a padlock.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: wm
text: We explore the darkness beyond the trunk, finding ourselves
text: once again in the dark, candle-lit bedroom we opened in.
text: The woman leans forward, lowering her voice for =the finale of
dialog: this Grimm poem. .
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: But. should you ever see her,
dialog: and your knees go weak,
dialog: and you forget,
dialog: to hold in your shriek,
dialog: remember these words,
dialog: that I have sung -
dialog: it won't be the cat,
dialog: that’s got your tongue.
text: The woman lets the words ring in the boys ears.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: So what do I do if Mary Shaw comes
dialog: to visit me?
text: The woman laughs. She’s enjoying this.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: There’s only one thing that can
dialog: stop her.
speaker_heading: , BOY
dialog: What's that, mother?
text: She picks up the candle next to the bed, holding it under her
dialog: face. .
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Silence...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS ROOMS, APARTMENT -— NIGHT
dialog: Home, sweet, home.
text: That's what the sign hanging on the wall says.
text: We explore the room further, finding framed photos of a happy
text: young couple, tastefully placed flower arrangements and a
text: pretty good, eleventh floor view of the city - all crammed
text: into a shoebox apartment.
dialog: Ah yes, modern domestic bliss.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Ouch!
dialog: The voice came from the
dialog: RITCHEN ©”
text: where a young man is wedged under the sink, wrenching at
text: pipes. This is JAMIE ASHEN (29). We cannot see his face vez.
dialog: An earthy,
text: beautiful young woman enters, LISA (28).
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Don‘t hurt yourself there, big guy.
speaker_heading: - JAMIE
dialog: I'm fine, it‘s...stuck, that‘s all.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Maybe we should just call someone,
dialog: Jamie.
text: Jamie emerges from under the sink. His young looks match his
dialog: Batman T-shirt - this is one man who isn't done being a boy.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Like who? A real man?
text: Lisa grins.
speaker_heading: LISA - “
dialog: I didn’t say that. “
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Why don’t you just castrate me and
dialog: give me a membership to Oprah’s
dialog: book club while you're at it?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah, that would be fun. Then we
dialog: could call up a real man and let
text: him fix the sink while we read.
text: Jamie breaks into a run. Lisa SCREAMS and he chases her into
dialog: the
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Jamie catches her, pinning her down on the couch as she
text: giggles hysterically. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Don’t! Please!
text: Jamie sits on top of her.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Do you want me to prove to you what
dialog: -a real man I am right now?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah - fix the sink, that oughta do
dialog: it.
text: She bursts out laughing. He tightens his grip on her ams.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I'm going to, if you stop
dialog: interrupting me.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay, I will.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The only thing is, I'm probably
dialog: going to need to use it sometime
dialog: - this year, so...
text: She laughs again. He lowers his face, hovering inches above
text: hers. They pause, staring into each cthers eyes.
speaker_heading: yO LISA
dialog: (oa Never mind. There are other ways you
speaker_heading: NN.
dialog: can preve your manhood to me.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Oh really?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah.
text: They kiss passionately. Jamie releases her arms and they curl
text: around him. They roll over, limbs entwined. This is so on.
text: KNOCK! KNOCK!
text: Jamie stops kissing her reluctantly.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Timing.
text: He gets up and goes to the door.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: If this is a plumber, you’re in
dialog: trouble.
dialog: 
text: He opens the door. A delivery man is standing there, hoiding
text: a large box.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: Lisa Tuck? .
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: She’s inside, I'll sign for it.
text: He signs and takes the package, closing the door.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: It‘s a big god damned box is what
dialog: it is.
text: Lisa takes it and places it on the living room table. She
text: checks the label on the package. It is addressed to her.
dialog: There is no sender address.
text: Jamie appears, handing her a pair of scissors.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Come on, open it up.
text: Lisa cuts through the tape, opening the box.
text: She claws through a layer of shredded newspaper, revealing a
text: cracked and peeling wooden surface beneath.
text: Curious, she reaches inside and lifts out --
text: -- a VENTRILOQUIST’S DUMMY.
text: The dummy is wearing a tattered tuxedo - a red handkerchief
text: hanging out of the top pocket.
text: It is the doll we saw MARY SHAW performing with in the
text: opening scenes.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I have no idea.
text: She scratches around through the shredded newspaper, finding
text: nothing else inside the box.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: That's the creepiest thing I’ve
dialog: ever seen in my life.
speaker_heading: " LISA
dialog: Who would send it to me?
speaker_heading: - JAMIE
dialog: Somebody creepy.
speaker_heading: : LISA
text: It's some kind of doll.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Wo. A doli is something a child
dialog: plays with. That is something a man
text: in a raincoat who hears voices in
text: his head plays with.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I want to know where it came from.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Can you find out?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I don‘t know.
text: They sit the dummy on the table. It stares at them with
text: lifeless, black pupils.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Maybe it’s a gift from your dad.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: He's definitely creepy enough.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: He called again today.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: He’s been trying to reach you for
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yeah, well...he can keep trying.
text: A long beat. They return the dummies gaze.
text: Lisa finally turns to face Jamie.
dialog: 
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: : LISA
dialog: Are you going to stare at this
dialog: thing all night or go back to being
dialog: a handyman so we can make dinner?
text: Jamie looks down at the wrench in his hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Jamie hands over cash in exchange for a bag of greasy Chinese
dialog: takeout.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET, OUTSIDE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Rain cascades down in sheets.
text: Jamie steps out into the downpour, shielding himself with a
dialog: newspaper.
text: The concrete arches of the city loom overhead, trapping a
text: cacophony of NOISE. Car horns blare, sirens shriek, people
text: shout to be heard above it all.
text: Jamie makes a break for his car. A fire-truck roars past,
text: throwing water up onto him. He opens the driver's door,
text: setting off'the alarm.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE'S CAR, PARKED - CONTINUOUS
text: He jumps inside, shutting off the alarm and closing the door,
text: lowering the volume of the city outside. Thank God.
text: He takes a deep breath. Looks up and sees a woman selling
text: roses in a doorway.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Mid-scale. New York style.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Jamie skips up the stairs, seems giddy. In one hand - the
text: takeout. in the other - a long stemmed rose.
text: He reaches his door, fishes for his keys.
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS ROOMS, APARTMENT - SAME
text: Jamie moves. through the darkened apartment to the kitchen.
text: Dumps the takeout on the counter.
dialog: 
text: He takes plates out of a drawer.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You’re gonna love this. you're
dialog: gonna be’ glad we didn’t make dinner
dialog: “ourselves, :
text: He listens. A beat of silence passes.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You’re not talking to me anymore,
dialog: is that it?
text: He arranges the rice on the plates like he made it himself.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Hello?
text: Lisa's voice answers from upstairs. Sounds strangely
dialog: detached.
speaker_heading: LISA (0.S.)
dialog: No. I’m never talking to you again.
text: Jamie grins.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What if I was planning on coming
dialog: upstairs and making you beg for
dialog: mercy?
speaker_heading: LISA (0.5.)
dialog: You'd be too late.
text: Jamie takes the plates, walks out of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Well, I guess I -- JESUS!
text: HE STOPS DEAD.
text: _ Beneath him, on the living room carpet, is a splotch of
text: BLOOD....in the shape of a foot.
text: He stares at it, then steps forward slowly... seeing a
text: crimson trail of footprints weave through the entire
dialog: apartment.
text: Fresh. Wet. Red.
text: Instinctively, he puts down the plates and snatches up a
text: kitchen knife. Begins to stalk through the house in their
dialog: wake.
speaker_heading: LISA (0.8.)
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Jamie listens. The apartment is
speaker_heading: LISA (0.8.)
dialog: Jamie?
text: eerily silent.
text: He continues following the trail, the footprints becoming
text: messy ponds of blood. Trembling, he reaches a door, the blood
text: disappearing under it.
text: He grips the handle.
speaker_heading: LISA (0.S.)
dialog: Jamie?
text: His chest expands as he heaves in a deep breath.
text: He flings the door open -- revealing a darkened laundry. In
text: the shadows, he can clearly make out the SILHOUETTE of a
text: figure, slumped on the floor.
speaker_heading: LISA (0.S8.)
dialog: What‘s going on?
text: That time, Lisa’s voice is RIGHT BEHIND HIM. He whips around
dialog: to warn her.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Lisa, stay back!
text: But Lisa is not there. He turns
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Who are you?
text: No answer. Trembling with fear,
text: illuminating the figure.
dialog: It IS LISA.
speaker_heading: DEAD.
text: to face the intruder.
text: Jamie flicks on the light,
text: Blood seeps from within her mouth, where her tongue should
text: be...but ISN’T. Her face is a death mask, molded mid~scream.
text: Contorted, horrified - a frozen
dialog: Jamie cannot comprehend what he
text: shock colliding together on his
text: From somewhere in the abyss, he
speaker_heading: SCREAM. :
dialog: 
text: image of terror.
dialog: is seeing; confusion and
dialog: face.
text: lets out a primal, tortured
dialog: a3.
speaker_heading: f JAMIE
text: Qo NOOOCOOOOOOO!! Libis ys
text: The scream changes pitch, becoming --
scene_heading: EXT. JAMIE’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
dialog: -- a siren.
text: Uniformed police swarm around the entrance to Jamie's
text: building, clearing a path for a gurney which is loaded into é
text: coroner's van.
dialog: We know the two cops talking to Jamie are important because
text: they’re not in uniform. Trench-coats and stern looks.
text: Jamie, however, is a million miles away.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM, POLICE STATION - DAY
text: Jamie is slumped at a table. He is a SHATTERED man. Numb from
text: the.shock. Zombie-like.
text: Detective JIM LIPTON(47) sits opposite; a picture of hard~
text: edged skepticism. A lit fuse.
speaker_heading: fod LIPTON
dialog: ‘ Was the victim taking any
dialog: a prescription drugs of any kind that
dialog: you know of? For depression or any
dialog: form of mental illness?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Does anyone in her family suffer
dialog: from any form of mental illness or
dialog: depression that you know of?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Why are you asking me this? What
dialog: does it have to do with anything?
text: Lipton drills him with a hard stare. Decides to let it go.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Did you notice anything different
dialog: that night? In her behavior?
dialog: Anything at all unusual?
text: Jamie stares at the floor, thinking back.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: ae The doll.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: What‘s that?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Lisa received some sort
dialog: of-..doll...in the mail that night.
dialog: She didn’t know who had sent it to
dialog: er.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Okay. What about after you arrived
dialog: home? Any signs of forced entry,
dialog: evidence of a struggle, weapons?
text: Jamie is clearly mystified by the nights events. Finally:
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I spoke to her.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: oy JAMIE
dialog: i I spoke to her when I first got
dialog: i home.
dialog: aad (beat)
dialog: I called out to her and she
dialog: answered me.
text: Lipton scans a file in front of him.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: You said that you were gone about
dialog: forty minutes, and that you got
dialog: back home right at seven PM?
text: Jamie nods.
speaker_heading: LIPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Our forensic records show that the
dialog: victim had been dead at least
text: twenty minutes before that.
text: Jamie looks up at Lipton, terror on his face.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: That can’t be...
text: He meets Lipton’s suspicious gaze. Their eyes stay locked.
dialog: 
dialog: Ye
dialog: ur
text: A long beat passes.
dialog: foe
dialog: ( .
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: I hear you're leaving town for 2
dialog: :. few days; Jamie.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yeah. For the funeral.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: A place calied...Ravens Fair, is
dialog: it? That's a long way from here.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: She was from there. We both were.
text: Her family’s still there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It‘s the only place she would've
dialog: wanted to be buried.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, APARTMENT - DAY
dialog: Raining.
text: The apartment is bare, almost empty.
text: ’ i Jamie is collapsed on the floor by the window, his gaze
text: reflected in‘the rain-soaked glass. Tears streak down his
dialog: face.
dialog: 
text: The phone rings. Jamie doesn’t react. Let's the call go to
text: the answering machine.
speaker_heading: JAMIE AND LISA (V.0.)
dialog: (in attempted unison)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This might sound like us but you’re
text: actually talking to an answering
dialog: Machine right now. Leave a message.
dialog: We love you!
text: A beep.
speaker_heading: MAN’S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Hello, Jamie.
text: Jamie turns towards the answering machine. The voice is
text: gravelly and slurred, as if it were an effort to talk.
speaker_heading: MAN’S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: I only want to say two things-
dialog: ‘ Please allow me to do so.
dialog: 
text: i Jamie stares at the machine.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.0)
dialog: The first 1s that you have my
dialog: deepest sympathies in regards to
dialog: ‘Lisa. The second is...
text: Jamie moves towards the machine, about to pick up.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: ++.1l know that you are coming back
dialog: here for the funeral, so I would
dialog: very much like you to come and see
dialog: me while you're here. I want to
dialog: talk to you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I‘ve tried to reach you so many
dialog: times in the past weeks, but I
dialog: haven't heard anything from you...I
dialog: don’t know what else to do. Please
dialog: let me be there for you this time.
text: Jamie turns away.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: f Goodbye, son.
text: CLICK. .
text: Jamie reaches over and pushes the ERASE button.
text: As he does, he glances over and sees the package the
text: VENTRILOQUIST'S DUMMY came in, sitting under the dining table.
text: He crawls over to it, hauls it out and opens it up. He lifts
text: out the dummy, stares at its smiling face.
text: The dummies jaw falls open - a red, cloth tongue falling out
text: of it. Disturbed, Jamie checks the box. He leafs through the
text: thin strips of paper that cushioned the doll.
text: Holds one up to the light, seeing a faded typeface on it.
text: It‘s a shred of newspaper.
dialog: The letters on it read “ns Fair".
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Ravens Fair...
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -— DAY
text: A lonely road snakes through the fall-kissed countryside,
text: beneath a grey sky. Jamie‘s car appears over a hill.
scene_heading: EXT. RAVERS, FAIR - DAY
text: Jamie's car speeds past a weathered wooden sign - WELCOME Te |
scene_heading: RAVENS FAIR - A QUIET LITTLE TOWN. !
text: The town of Ravens Fair yawns out in the valley beyond che
text: sign; old buildings jutting out of the landscape like rotting
dialog: teeth.
dialog: The perfect place for a funeral.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER FUNERAL HOME - DUSK
text: The sun sets over the modest headquarters of the towns
dialog: deceased.
text: Jamie‘s car pulls up outside and he climbs out, surveying the
text: deserted main street.
text: A church clock tower at the end of the street casts its
text: twilight shadow across vacant windows and faceless store
dialog: fronts.
speaker_heading: PEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Never shut up, do ya?
text: Jamie spins around, startled to see an elderly woman sitting
text: on a rocking chair outside the funeral home. She is cradiing
text: a dead raven in her hands.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Excuse me?
text: She helds the raven up and we realize she is talking to it.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: Always hungry, always want
dialog: something. It's okay. Best pet I
dialog: ever had, you are.
text: The door to the funeral home opens and HENRY WALKER(73) steps
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Mister Ashen?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I‘ve been expecting you. Please,
dialog: come inside.
text: Jamie fellows him in, ‘watching the woman whisper tc herselt
text: in the chair, oblivious to Jamie's presence.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, WALKER FUNERAL HOME - DUSK
text: Cluttered. Must be a busy time.
text: Henry sorts through papers at his desk. He is a good man ina
text: bad job, with a nervous smile. A worrier.
text: Jamie sits opposite. Henry speaks to him in a hushed tone
dialog: that Jamie will experience with everyone he meets in Ravens
dialog: Fair.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You, you must excuse Marion, my
dialog: sister. She’s not well, but she
dialog: didn’t mean any harm.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: That’s okay, I wasn’t harmed.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: These days she barely talks to me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No such thing as a perfect family,
dialog: I suppose.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Henry hands him a clipboard.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I‘ll just need you to sign where
text: it’s marked.
text: Jamie signs.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Thank you, friend.
text: Henry takes the form.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Has she arrived yet?
text: Henry iocoks up.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: to
speaker_heading: { HENRY
text: Se She arrives tonight. The police
dialog: have a few more things to...
text: He trails off. Jamie nods.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Listen, I'm sorry to ask this...
dialog: would it be possible for me to pay
dialog: in installments. I’m ina bit of a
text: tight spot at the moment.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh no, your father is taking care of
dialog: it all.
text: Jamie furrows his brow, confused.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I don‘t...what is my father taking
dialog: care of?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: All of it. He called here and
dialog: insisted. Said to bill him whatever
dialog: c it cost.
dialog: a (beat)
dialog: NM He's paying for the whole thing.
text: Henry watches Jamie’s shocked reaction.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Be didn’t inform you?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No. He didn't.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You can check it with him. Are you
dialog: staying with him while you’re here?
text: Jamie looks down at his shoes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I'm sorry, that‘s none of my
dialog: business.
text: Jamie looks up.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: It's okay. Actually...
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: : (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (cont'd)
dialog: ...do you know of a motel around
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. “COME IN INN' MOTEL - NIGHT
text: The motel sign sways in the wind, the word “VACANCY’ spelied
text: out in big, black letters.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OFFICE, ~COME ON INN' MOTEL - NIGHT
text: The office is empty.
text: Jamie waits. A sign on the desk says “Ring Bell For
text: Attendance’. He does - but the bell doesn’t make a sound.
text: He taps it a few more times. Nothing. Perplexed, he picks it
text: up, inspecting it. A figure appears from a back room,
text: carrying something.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Excuse me, sir.
text: The man emerges from behind the counter, walking straight
text: past Jamie towards the door. He looks like an elementary
text: school librarian. Jamie stops him.
speaker_heading: . JAMIE
dialog: Do you work here?
text: The man nods.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Okay, 50, can I get a room for the
dialog: night?
text: The man shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Are you joking?
text: The man shakes his head again. Jamie is agitated, city-
dialog: slicker style.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Well, the sign out the front says
dialog: vacancy.
text: The man just stares at Jamie.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What the hell's wrong with you, man?
dialog: Aren't you gonna say anything?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 2i.
text: The man holds up what he is carrying. It is a square of white
text: tin. Stenciled on it, in big black letters, is the word WO.
text: With that, the man exits. Jamie is dumbstruck. He goes to the
text: window, ‘watching the wiry man scale a ladder and begir
text: slotting the NO sign in front of the word VACANCY.
dialog: |
dialog: |
text: Jamie sees another figure emerge from one of the motel rooms,
text: unloading cases from a car, Jamie squints at him.
text: It is DETECTIVE LIPTON.
dialog: Time for plan B.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Pale headlights arc across a wrought-iron gate.
text: Jamie's car pulls up. He climbs out.
text: An ageing mansion looms beyond the gate, the grounds around
text: it carpeted by a lazy fog. Its moss-soaked spires and arched
text: windows suggest an atmosphere one could coin “House Of Usher-
dialog: esque’
text: Jamie STARTS as a figure emerges from the shadows; a hulking
dialog: man, all shoulders, Cro-Magnon brow. This is the maintenance
text: Man, BOZ (30's). He is holding an oil can. He begins to oil
text: the hinges on the gate. His arms are covered in grease.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Hey Boz, it’s been a while.
speaker_heading: BOZ
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Good to see you're still working
dialog: here at night.
speaker_heading: BOZ
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
text: Patrolling the grounds, keeping
dialog: them safe from large, dangerous
dialog: men.
text: Boz doesn’t quite get it. He pulls on the gate, which opens
text: without making a noise.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 22.
text: Jamie ambles up the garden path towards the front dooz,
text: shivering in the cold.
text: He reaches the front door, hesitating. He knocks on it with
text: the big, brass DOOR KNOCKER at its center. Bad decision? Too
dialog: late. i :
text: The door opens, revealing ELLA ASHEN (late 30's). She is the
text: ultimate trophy wife; sexy, yet not sc young and dumb that
text: the pool man thinks he has a shot. She smiles warmly.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Well, this is a surprise.
text: Jamie clearly has no idea who this person is.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: I'm so sorry about what happened. I
dialog: can’t imagine how you must be
dialog: feeling right now.
text: Jamie looks a little awkward.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Oh my Lord, you mist think I'm s0
dialog: rude.
text: She curtsiest and offers her hand, all charm-school manners
dialog: and southern traditions.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: I‘m Ella. I'm your...well, I guess
dialog: I’m your step-mother.
text: Jamie shakes her hand.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Nice to meet you. I’m Jamie.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: I know, I've seen your pictures.
dialog: Though you look much more handsome
text: in the flesh.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is he in?
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Is who...? Oh, of course. Yes, he
dialog: is. Silly me.
dialog: we
dialog: uw
dialog: ‘ An awkward moment.
speaker_heading: NL
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: May I come in?
text: Ella cocks’ her head in mock disbelief, then steps outside,
text: standing next to Jamie.
speaker_heading: ELLA ‘
dialog: On the contrary, my dear, it is I
dialog: who should be asking you if I can
dialog: enter your home.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: sure.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL, ASHEN HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Jamie shuffles through the door, Ella behind him. He surveys
text: the cavernous surroundings.
text: Oil paintings of stern figures glare down at him, between
text: wall mounted lamps that cast dim pools of light.
text: Ella shuts the door.
speaker_heading: poke ELLA
dialog: \ It's freezing out there.
text: A VOICE booms from upstairs. We recognize it as the voice
text: from the phone call with Jamie.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Who was that at the door?
text: Ella looks to Jamie.
speaker_heading: | ELLA
dialog: Would you like to see him?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Well, I’ve heard him now, and I can
dialog: smell him. Why not ruin one more of
dialog: my Senses?
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY, ASHEN HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ella leads Jamie down a narrow corridor.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: I have to warn you, he’s been very
dialog: sick. He would have looked a lot
dialog: better the last time you saw him.
dialog: 
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I probably looked a lot better
dialog: twelve years ago too.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: " “That's how long it’s been since you
dialog: two saw each other?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yeah. I didn’t even know he'd
dialog: remarried, to be honest.
text: Ella can’t tell if Jamie is sad about this or not.
text: They reach a door and stop.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Well, again I have to warn you. You
dialog: might be more shocked than you
dialog: think at his...appearance.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ll tell him you're here.
text: She takes out a key, unlocking the door.
text: She enters and closes the door behind her. We hear her
dialog: talking to someone, then:
speaker_heading: ELLA (0.S.)
dialog: Come on in, Jamie.
text: Jamie opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE ~ CONTINUOUS
text: The theme of the house continues - it‘s dark in here.
text: Jamie takes in the room - and finds what he's looking for.
dialog: Ella was right.
text: A gaunt, male figure is propped up in a WHEELCHAIR in the
text: corner. A plastic respirator covers his mouth, from which he
text: draws staggered, rasping breaths. His hands are clawed, as if
text: his whole body was drying up.
text: This is CHARLES ASHEN(late 50's), Jamie‘s father.
text: Ella is seated next to him.
text: Jamie stands like he’s in the principals office. He doesn’t
dialog: ever look hig father in the eye, a habit he will continue
dialog: throughout this entire story.
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: » JAMIE
dialog: NL Hello, Charles.
text: Charles speaks in a militarily stern manner, struggling to
dialog: get the.words out.”
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It‘s a shame that it takes a
dialog: tragedy to put us under the same
dialog: reof again.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Charlie, that’s not the issue. Your
dialog: son is here.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I know he is, and don’t call me
text: Charlie in front of him.
speaker_heading: _ ELLA
dialog: Quiet, Charlie. Don't make me wheel
dialog: ~ you into the closet and leave you
dialog: there again.
text: Charles grumbles.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Qo ' (to Jamie)
dialog: I assume you've met my wife.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Why don’t you sit, Jamie?
text: Jamie shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I always had to stand in front of
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Nothing wrong with standing. That‘s
dialog: something you only appreciate after
dialog: a stroke forces you to stay seated.
text: Jamie looks around. Takes a seat, across the room from
dialog: Charles.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Thanks for the charity with the
dialog: funeral.
speaker_heading: CHARLES,
dialog: Don’t mention it.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: = only mention it because I‘m not
dialog: accepting it.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: ‘And why is that?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Because Lisa was my wife, and I
dialog: lived with her and loved her and
dialog: I‘m going to be the one who pays
dialog: for her funeral. So thanks, but no
dialog: thanks.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I don't see why I can’t help.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: It‘s got nothing to do with you.
text: Ella, SMILING as always, tries to break the heated moment.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Charlie, I was just telling Jamie
dialog: how the photo's you have of him
dialog: don’t do him enough justice.
text: Neither Jamie nor Charles seem to hear this.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I’ve been trying to reach you.
dialog: Leaving messages at your house.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yes. I know.
speaker_heading: CHARLES:
dialog: I'm glad that, in light of what's
dialog: happened, you haven‘t let our past
dialog: stop you from seeing reason this
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Well, the only motel in town was
dialog: all booked up, 80...
text: Ella lights up.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Then you're staying the weekend?
text: Jamie doesn‘t answer.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Actually, Ella and I would like you
dialog: to stay longer than one weekend.
dialog: We'd like you to stay for as long
dialog: as you can.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: iocan’t.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: And why not?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I have to go back home and help the
dialog: police.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Surely you can at least stay the
dialog: week? To clear your head.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Why the sudden need for me to stay
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: We just feel that, in light of
dialog: what's happened, now would be a
dialog: good time to...resolve some things.
text: Jamie’s voice goes up an octave, frustrated.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Now would probably be the worst
dialog: time to do that.
text: He sighs, calming down.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Look, I’m thinking it was a mistake
dialog: coming here. I'm thinking I should
dialog: just stay somewhere else.
text: Jamie gets up and walks towards the door.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I bet there’s a whole lot of things
dialog: your wife wanted to do with her
dialog: life. A whole list of things she
dialog: thought she had years to mark off.
text: Jamie spins around, angry.
dialog: 
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CHARLES (CONT’D)
dialog: Me, I’ve got the luxury of
dialog: foresight. I’ve got time to examine
dialog: my list before I go.
speaker_heading: - JAMIE
dialog: Well, take me off it! you don’t get
dialog: a ‘get-out-of-jail-free’ card just
dialog: because yon had a stroke.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Goodbye, Ella. It was nice meeting
dialog: you.
text: He storms out.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, ASHEN HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Jamie peels out into the corridor. Ella comes after him.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Jamie, he didn't mean to upset you.
dialog: Please, would you stay one night?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I‘ve been here ten minutes and I'm
dialog: already up to my knees in bad
dialog: memories. Why would I stay the
dialog: night and get in up to my chin?
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: It hasn‘t been all bad. You've also
dialog: made a new friend in the last ten
dialog: minutes.
text: She approaches him, takes his hand.
speaker_heading: ELLA (CONT'D)
dialog: And I've had the chance to meet
dialog: someone I've been hearing so many
dialog: great things about.
text: Jamie pulls his hand away.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Now I know you‘re bull-shitting.
dialog: The father I grew up with would
dialog: never say great things about me.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Yes, but an old man whose brain is
dialog: shutting down from mini-strokes
dialog: would.
dialog: 
dialog: 29.
text: Jamie looks away, ashamed.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: You have all the power here. You
dialog: can walk out, but he can’t come
dialog: “after you. Why don't you choose to
dialog: stay and show him that the young
dialog: boy who left here is now a strono- :
dialog: willed young man? |
dialog: She‘s got him.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE'S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ella flicks on the light, revealing a musty bedroom filled
text: with furniture draped in WHITE SHEETS.
text: Jamie flings his suitcase onto the bed, along with the box
text: the ventriloquist doll came in. Looks around. More bad
dialog: memories.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Try to get some sleep, Jamie.
text: She suddenly steps towards him and EMBRACES him. He half
text: accepts the hug, half doesn’t.
text: They separate.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: I‘m 60 glad to finally meet you.
dialog: I'm just sorry it had to happen
dialog: this way.
text: She leaves, shutting the door behind her.
text: Jamie explores the room, noticing something odd. -
text: There are bars on the windows. Beyond the glass, he sees Boz
text: padlocking the gate.
text: Boz looks up, as if he knew someone were watching him. Finds
text: Jamie and stares straight at him.
text: Jamie pulls the drapes closed.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET, RAVEN'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: All is quiet in Raven’s Fair.
text: The CLOCK FACE on the CHURCH TOWER in the town square hits
dialog: midnight .
dialog: 3C.
text: There are no bells or chimes to accompany it.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT WORKROOM, WALKER FUNERAL HOME ~ NIGHT
text: A body bag is laying out on a workbench.
text: Henry hobblee up to it, uncoiling tubes of embalming fluid.
text: Just another day at the office.
text: He unzips the bag --
text: -- and FREEZES. The sight is like a slug te the gut.
text: Inside the bag, we SEE LISA’S FACE. It looks exactly as it
text: did when Jamie found her - eyes wrenched skyward, face
text: twisted into a permanent scream, tongueless mouth gaping
text: open. Eerie.
text: A flash of RECOGNITION flares across Henry's face. A long
text: beat passes.
speaker_heading: MARION (0.8.)
text: She's arrived.
text: Henry STARTS - looking up to see Marion, standing in the
text: darkness under the stairs, staring at Lisa‘s body.
speaker_heading: ' HENRY
dialog: I need to work now, Marion.
text: Marion leaves, walking up the stairs.
text: Finally, Henry moves. He goes to a drawer, taking out a
text: Polaroid camera.
text: He aims it at Lisa's face, depressing the trigger.
text: The white flash transposes into--
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: -- a bloated moon. It hangs over the house, back-lighting its
text: gothic peaks.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE’S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Blades of moonlight slice through the open window. The lace
text: curtains swell and settle in the breeze.
text: The ventriloquist dummy is propped up in a chair in the
text: corner, its head facing the window.
dialog: 
text: Jamie is wide awake, staring at a photo of Lisa. The look in
text: his eyes is one of PURE FEAR.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
dialog: i
dialog: |
text: Lisa’s face FLASHES in Jamie’s mind: blood dribbling down her
text: chin, eyes wrenched skyward... |
dialog: .+-dead.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE'S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT — PRESENT
text: He lowers the photo, taking a deep breath and pinching the
text: bridge of his nose. Is he going crazy?
text: He pries his eyes open and sees a cockroach skitter across
text: the ceiling above hin.
text: A whisper slithers from out of the darkness...so soft it
text: could almost be the breeze playing tricks.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.5S.)
dialog: Jamie...you‘re home.
text: It sounded like Lisa. Jamie looks up.
dialog: And GASPS!
text: The dummy has moved to the other side of the room.
text: Jamie flicks on the bedside lamp.
text: In the light, he sees that it was just a mirror, its
text: reflection showing the dummy - which is still sitting in its
text: original position by the window...except for one detail.
text: The dummy is now facing him.
text: Jamie gets up, slowly. Picks up the doll. Its head slumps
text: forward onto its chest.
text: He sits it back in the chair, throwing a portion of one of
text: the white sheets over it. Covering it up, like a ghost.
text: Breathing hard and shaking, he shuts the window. Keeps his
text: eyes on the doll.
text: Behind him, beneath the bedroom door, the shadow of someone's
text: FEET moves away down the hall.
dialog: 
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Grey headstones merge with the grey sky. The last leaves of
text: fall scatter in fear of the oncoming winter.
text: A dozen. of -so mourners hunch together around Lisa's plot,
text: including Ella. Charles is not here.
text: A shovel load of dirt is heaped onto the casket. Jamie sits
text: in a chair, watching the black lid disappear under the wormy
text: soil. Everyone stands opposite him except Ella, who stands
text: directly behind him, her face veiled in black lace.
text: A priest stands over the grave, muttering something so low
dialog: that we CANNOT HEAR IT.
text: Jamie scans the faces of the other attendees.
text: None of them cry or make a sound...but they are all staring
dialog: at hin.
text: Jamie looks away and spots DETECTIVE LIPTON in the distance,
text: standing by a tree.
dialog: Watching.
text: The priest raises his voice ever so slightly; enough that we
text: can finally’hear something he is saying.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: «--and we look to our families and
dialog: loved ones for solace.
text: Ella puts her hands on Jamie‘s shoulders.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - LATER ~ DAY
text: Jamie drifts away from the crowd.
text: Sees Lipton walking away and hurries to catch him.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Detective Lipton.
text: Lipton stops and turns.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Fine. I’m sorry I didn’t come over
dialog: and say anything, I thought I'd
dialog: leave you alone.
dialog: 
dialog: w
dialog: a
speaker_heading: f JAMIE
dialog: LU That’s okay.
dialog: (beat; overly hostile)
dialog: Detective, if you den’t mind me
dialog: . ,asking, why are you here?
text: Lipton studies Jamie, gauging his suspicion.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: For most people, a funeral is
dialog: closure. For a homicide detective,
dialog: it’s a starting point.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Okay. Seen anything interesting?
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Wot yet, but I’m still looking.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She deserves that, don’t you think?
text: Jamie nods. He’s right.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I just didn’t expect you to show up
dialog: fo all the way down here.
speaker_heading: oy ' LIPTON
dialog: ~ I didn’t come for fun, kiddo. I'm
dialog: here for-the same reason plumber ‘s
text: hang around broken toilets a lot.
text: He walks away, then stops and turns around.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: I‘’1l be seeing you.
text: Jamie watches the detective stroll away.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: She lost her voice...
text: Jamie turns, seeing MARION - Henry’s sister from the funeral -
text: home. She steps closer to him, FEAR in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MARION (CONT‘D)
dialog: Mary Shaw...she lost her voice.
dialog: Then she came back to claim ours.
text: She points at an old headstone, which is partly obscured by
text: trees, away from the other headstones. Her voice grows in
dialog: volume.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Mary Shaw did it. She's the one who
dialog: steals tongues.
text: Jamie’s: BLOOD FREEZES when he hears this.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What did you say?
text: Marion points at the headstone, her voice growing louder an
text: more fearful.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And if those people,
text: who saw her did screan,
dialog: their tongues would be gone -
text: ripped out clean.
text: Henry appears, taking Marion by the arms roughly.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Marion, what are you doing? Leave
dialog: him alone. You know better than
dialog: this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m sorry, Mister Ashen, she
dialog: doesn’t know what she’s saying. I
dialog: apologize, sir.
text: Henry leads her away, berating her under his breath.
text: Jamie, still in shock, looks to the headstone she had been
text: pointing at.
text: It has decayed with age, vines strangling it.
text: Etched into the rock, the words: HERE LIES MARY SHAW.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, ASHEN HOUSE ~- NIGHT
dialog: Clink. Gulp. Clink.
dialog: This family dinner is very workman-like: chew, swallow,
dialog: repeat. No talking.
text: Candlelight dances across the walls as Ella spoon-feeds a
text: very gruel-like substance to Charles, at the head of a long
text: oak dining table. Jamie sits opposite, eyes down. Finally:
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Isn't this wonderful? All of us
dialog: eating here together?
dialog: 
dialog: 35.
text: Jamie pokes at his meal -- a soppy and badly cooked roast
text: oe dinner. He looks up. Elia and Charles are staring at him.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: .. It’s great.
text: Ella smiles. She spoons more goop into Charles’ mouth, ‘then
text: dabs his lips with a napkin.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: So how much time are you taking off
dialog: work?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Surely they‘re giving you a break
dialog: after what's happened.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Uh, yeah...they are. I can pretty
dialog: much go back whenever I want.
text: fo A long beat of silence follows, until:
speaker_heading: MS , JAMIE
dialog: - Who is Mary Shaw?
text: Ella and Charles stop what they are doing.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: I‘m sorry honey, speak up a little
dialog: bit.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Marion, from the funeral home, she
dialog: said something to me today...about
dialog: a woman named Mary Shaw. She said,
dialog: “Mary Shaw did it.”
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: That woman also believes Jesus
text: communicates to her through the
text: fillings in her teeth.
text: Ella goes back to spoon-feeding Charles.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I remember the name, though...Mary
dialog: Shaw. From when I was a kid around
dialog: f here.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: SAMIE (cont'd)
dialog: They had a poem about her, I think.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Mom used to read it to me.
text: Ella looks up, reacting to the words - if only slightiv.
speaker_heading: on CHARLES
dialog: You spent most of your childhood
dialog: far away from here, in boarding
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I‘m aware of that.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Jamie, would you like something to
dialog: drink?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I'm fine.
dialog: Clink. Gulp. Clink.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: So you’ve never heard-of her?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: No. I told you - that woman from
text: the funeral home is crazier than a
dialog: shit-house rat.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Poor old thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jamie, would you like dessert? I
dialog: made a pear pie.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No, thank you.
dialog: Clink. Gulp. Clink.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I know I've heard her name.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: So have you considered staying
dialog: here? For a few more nights?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I can’t.
dialog: (back to Marion)
dialog: It was just the way she said
dialog: it...she seemed so...scared.
dialog: 
dialog: iw
speaker_heading: 1 ELLA
dialog: MO I would love you to stay for lunch,
dialog: Jamie. You simply must try my
text: walnut cake.
speaker_heading: - CHARLES |
dialog: It’s settled then. Lunch it is. |
dialog: |
text: Jamie slams his fork down. Blank looks from Ella and Charles.
speaker_heading: JAMIE /
dialog: I can’t stay!
text: He gets up and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE - NIGRT
text: Jamie charges out of the front door, breathing hard.
text: A figure catches in his peripheral vision and he stops in his
dialog: tracks.
text: It is Boz, in the distance. He is talking to someone at the
text: front gate. Jamie squints at the second figure through the
dialog: fog.
dialog: Qo Detective. Lipton.
speaker_heading: P
text: Jamie hides himself behind a branch. Watches the exchange
text: between the two men, too far away to hear anything.
text: Boz nods and Lipton takes a note.
text: Jamie backs up slowly...back into the house.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jamie splashes water on his face, shaken. He has the look of
text: a first-day prison inmate - a man with no escape.
text: Ee looks up into the mirror, and is STARTLED to see CHARLES,
text: sitting in his wheelchair at the opposite end of the
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I‘m sorry. I have to learn that
dialog: you're a man now. You don't need me
dialog: telling you how to run your life.
text: A long beat passes between them.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You know, I did used to make
dialog: enquiries about you after you left.
dialog: I had my sources. People would
dialog: always tell me that you were happy,
dialog: “that you were doing well. I never
dialog: wanted to interrupt that.
text: Jamie nods, growing more disturbed by his father’s ~truce’.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Good-night, son.
text: The wheelchair retreats and is swallowed up by the darkness,
text: the screech of its wheels receding in volume as it moves
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE ~ NIGHT
dialog: The witching hour.
text: Storm clouds roll in, low growls of thunder announcing their
dialog: arrival.
text: Beneath the brooding sky, only one arched window in the house
text: remains lit. It switches off.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANGE HALL, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The curtains lull gently, the only thing moving in the
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, ASHEN HOUSE - SAME
text: A faucet drips.
text: Drip...drip...drip.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, ASHEN HOUSE - SAME
text: A grandfather clock ticks.
text: Tick...tick...tick.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE’S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE ~ SAME
text: Jamie is asleep. A bottle of sleeping pills sits on the
text: bedside table, tablets scattered around it.
text: For a moment, it is only Jamie's steady, rhythmic breathing
dialog: we can hear...
text: .-.but then another sound is introduced.
text: At first, it could be Jamie -- until it drowns him out.
text: Sobbing.
text: Jamie‘s.eyes flutter epen. He tunes in to the guttural moans.
text: His vision adjusts in thé darkness, scanning the room; pas
text: the door, past the furniture covered in white sheets, unt:2
text: they STOP DEAD on something.
text: A figure is hunched over in the corner by the window,
text: whimpering, its back to Jamie. The figure’s head rests in its
text: hands ~ MIRRORING the image we saw of Mary crying in the
text: opening scenes.
text: Jamie BOLTS upright in bed, adrenaline kicking in.
text: He glares at the figure for a long beat.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Ella?
text: Immediately, the sobbing CEASES and the figure stands up,
text: turning around to face Jamie.
text: Shrouded in shadow, it.resembles an OLD WOMAN - her pale face
text: catching what little light there is.
dialog: +
text: A sudden gust of wind sends the drapes. billowing outwards,
text: obscuring the woman.
text: Only the old woman's eyes pierce through the sheer lace
text: fabric; eerily WIDE and unblinking. Staring right at Jamie.
dialog: Then...
text: -»-the drapes settle, and she is GONE.
text: Heart in his throat, Jamie switches on the bedside lamp and
text: gets out of bed, going over to the window. He checks all
text: corners, finding nothing.
dialog: BANG!
text: The doll falls out of its chair, splaying across the floor.
text: Jamie picks it up. As he lifts it, he sees a faded
text: inscription on the back of the doli’s neck.
text: It reads M. SHAW.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL, ASHEN HOUSE - MORNING
text: The house awakens.
dialog: 
dialog: ac.
text: Jamie descends the stairs quickly, neading for the front
dialog: door.
text: He catches sight of Ella, who is busying herself in the
text: kitchen:with pots and pans,
speaker_heading: : ELLA
dialog: Oh, Jamie, you're up. Would you
dialog: like some breakfast?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No, that's okay.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Are you going somewhere?
text: He doesn't answer.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE —~ MORNING
text: The sun rises over Ashen House for a new day.
text: Jamie flings open the front door, rushing towards his car -
text: then stops in his tracks.
text: A FALLEN TREE is blocking the driveway.
text: Boz hacks away at it with a saw.
text: Jamie approaches.
speaker_heading: JBMIE
dialog: What happened here?
speaker_heading: BOZ
dialog: Storm.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What storm?
speaker_heading: BOZ
dialog: Storm last night.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Okay..-s0, how am I supposed to get
dialog: my Car out?
speaker_heading: _ BOOZ
dialog: Have to wait.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: How long?
dialog: 4i.
speaker_heading: ! BOZ
dialog: KL A day maybe.
text: Jamie can't believe it.
speaker_heading: JAMIE,
dialog: A day?! But that‘s...you can’t...
text: Ella appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Jamie, can I get you to help me
dialog: with something? I'm just not as
dialog: strong as I used to be.
text: A twinge of nervousness spreads across Jamie’s face. He looks
text: from Ella to the gate like a trapped animal. He chocses the
text: front gate.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I.-.I would...but I have to go
dialog: somewhere.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Well, when will you be back? I’m
dialog: fos making lunch.
text: tO Jamie quickéns his pace, not looking back.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Later...I’11 be back later, IL
dialog: promise.
text: Boz and Elia watch him go.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - DAY
text: Jamie marches skittishly down a winding, tree-lined road; a
text: vein cut through the heart of the forest by men.
text: The forest does its best to claim the land back, gnarled
text: branches over-hanging it and trapping a MIST that keeps Jamie
text: from seeing too far ahead of himself.
dialog: He keeps going anyway...
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS STREETS, RAVENS FAIR - DAY
text: ..-through the streets of Ravens Fair, past quaint houses
dialog: that have seen better days.
text: He looks over at a group of children, playing together on a
dialog: street corner, as children do..-except for one thing.
dialog: 
dialog: 42.
text: They sing under their breath, not making a sound.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER FUNERAL HOME, RAVENS FAIR'S MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Marion sits in her chair, cradling her crow.
text: Jamie approaches. She doesn’t seem to notice.
text: He kneels down, apprehensive.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Ma’am...I have to talk to you.
text: She strokes the head of the dead bird, smiling.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You said something to me about my
dialog: wife yesterday...you said a woman
dialog: named Mary Shaw did it.
text: Marion looks up slowly.
text: Leans forward and whispers in Jamie’s ear.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: She’s standing right behind you.
dialog: As much as we can actually SEE a shiver run down someone’s
dialog: spine, we see it with Jamie.
text: He turns around. No one is there.
text: He grips Marion's shoulder - desperation in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Who is she? Tell me.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Mister Ashen, I would prefer it if
dialog: you left her alone.
text: Jamie STARTS as Henry interrupts. He stands up, dejected,
text: backing away from Marion.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Henry‘1] tell ya about Mary Shaw.
dialog: He saw her once, in the flesh
dialog: herself. Didn't ya Henry?
text: Jamie looks at Henry.
text: Busted.
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: te
scene_heading: INT. WALKER FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: Henry peers through the shop-front window, then flips the
text: “OPEN' sign to “CLOSED’, locking the door.
text: He begins ‘pulling the blinds closed.
speaker_heading: . HENRY
dialog: Thére are things you remember, and
dialog: there are things you can’t forget.
text: Jamie sits in an old armchair, listening attentively.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Despite the inarguable fact that I
dialog: am getting on in years, I remember
dialog: a lot of things from my life.
dialog: Remember them well, in fact.
text: He turns to face Jamie.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
text: But the look on old Mary Shaw's
dialog: face when she died...that's
dialog: something I just can't forget.
text: Henry paces the room, hervous as ever.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: What would you say if I told you
dialog: that, sixty years ago...in this
dialog: very town...I saw a face that
dialog: looked exactly as your wife's did?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I'd say go on.
text: Henry lowers his volume, as if someone were eavesdropping.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Her name was Mary Shaw.
dialog: (beat)
text: The woman who lost her voice.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GUIGNOL THEATER - NIGHT -- FLASHBACK
text: Lights glitter on the surface of a large lake, cast by a
text: majestic building which rises up from an island in the lakes
dialog: center.
text: This is the Guignol Theater. The pride of Raven's Fair.
dialog: 
dialog: 44,
text: Streams of people cross a footbridge which runs to the
text: island, dressed in their Saturday night best.
speaker_heading: _ HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: _ Back wnen I was.a boy, the one
dialog: horse they had in this town hadn‘t i
dialog: been shot yet. Some people even
dialog: said it could become a boomtown, a
dialog: real cultural hot-spot. And so,
dialog: somebedy built a grand old theater
text: on the edge of town.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM, GUIGNOL THEATER - NIGHT -- FLASHBACK
text: A cocky young boy of about ten maneuvers his way through the
text: plush seats of the auditorium. This is YOUNG HENRY.
text: Young Henry finds his seat, settling on one near the front.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I only ever went there once.
text: The lights fade in the auditorium.
text: A spotlight comes on, singling out an old man in a bright red
text: suit, standing on the stage. It is MARY'S HUSBAND, whom we
text: met in the opening scenes.
speaker_heading: MARY'S HUSBAND
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, prepare to be
dialog: astounded...prepare to be
dialog: amazed...witness Mary Shaw give
dialog: life to the boy made of wood!
text: The spotlight switches off. Mary’s husband leaves the stage.
text: Henry squints at the stage, seeing a figure which limps out
text: from behind the curtain, shrouded in shadow. The screech of
text: something heavy the figure is dragging pierces the hush.
text: The figure stops at the lip of the stage.
text: A spotlight illuminates the figure. it is an old woman, her
text: angular features sticking out like accusatory fingers, a
text: shock of white hair framing her face. This is MARY SHAW.
text: She bends down, unlocking the large wooden trunk she was
text: dragging and heaving the lid upwards. She removes a top hat
text: from the trunk and then rolls the trunk onto its side - it is
text: empty.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Where is Billy?
dialog: 
dialog: ae
dialog: a
dialog: or
text: She casts a suspicious eve over the audience.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Have any of you seen him? Was it
dialog: you whe let him out? |
text: She begins to potter around the stage, searching high and
dialog: low.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Billy? Where did you go? Billy?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.8.)
dialog: You won't find me!
text: Henry JUMPS out cf his skin as the voice screams out -- from
text: RIGHT BEHIND HIM! He whirls around, heart in his throat. No
text: one is there.
text: Mary whips her head up, shielding her eyes from the flare of
dialog: the spotlight.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: I knew you were hiding!
text: She makes out Henry, a few rows from the front.
speaker_heading: . MARY SHAW
dialog: You there, could you check under
dialog: your seat for me?
text: Henry reluctantly gets up, peeking under his seat.
text: The cherubic face of a VENTRILOQUIST’S DUMMY stares back at
text: him, with the vacant gaze of the dead. Mouth stretched into a
dialog: grin. It is a dummy we know well.
speaker_heading: YOUNG HENRY
dialog: He’s here.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Would you mind bringing him to me?
text: Henry hauls the dummy out from under the seat, carrying him
text: up the aisle to the stage. Mary takes the dummy in her arms.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Say thank you, Billy.
text: The dummy's head swivels around slowly to face Henry.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 46.
text: Henry returns to his seat. Mary takes her place on a stool,
text: the dummy’s head lolling back and forth as she props him up
text: on her lap, placing the top hat on his head. °
speaker_heading: : MARY SHAW
dialog: Why must you run away, Billy? Don‘t
dialog: i treat you well?
text: As he talks, the dummy’s jaw lowers and shuts vigorousiy.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You do treat me well, mother. The
dialog: best I could ever hope for. It’s
dialog: just that...
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Yes, Billy?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Well, it‘s just that...it gets so
dialog: dusty inside that box. It makes me
dialog: want to...
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Want to what?
text: Billy leans back, as if he is about to sneeze.
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: It makes me want to...
text: Mary whips the handkerchief out of his top pocket, holding it
text: up to his nose.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Ahhhh-chocosoc!!
text: As he sneezes, the handkerchief blows outwards, propelled by
text: the force of the sneeze.
text: The audience laughs and claps.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Bleechhh! Shoe!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Bless me?
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: No, I said Bleechhh--
text: She holds up her foot.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW (CONT'D)
dialog: ~--shoe! You sneezed all over my
dialog: shoe!
text: The audience laughs again,
speaker_heading: BILLY :
dialog: I’m sorry for that, mother. I--
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.8.)
dialog: T can see your lips move!
text: Mary and Billy stop their act and turn to face the accusing
text: audience. The moment hangs in silence for a beat.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Who said that?
text: At first no one admits it...umtil a red-headed boy of about
text: ten pipes up from a middle row.
scene_heading: RED-HEADED BOY
dialog: I did. I saw your lips moving.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: What do you say to that, Billy? He
dialog: doesn't think you‘re a real person.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What do you mean, mother?
text: Mary keeps her eyes fixed on the boy. Her and Billy’s voices
text: have lowered. With his new, less sprightly tone, Billy’s grin
text: now seems malevolent.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: He thinks you‘re a dummy, and that
dialog: I'm doing your voice for you.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: But...but that can’t be true.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There’'s no way you'd give me ALL
dialog: the good lines!
text: Laughter from everyone.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Just forget about him, Billy. There
dialog: will always be doubters.
dialog: 4B.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I don’t want to forget it, mother!
dialog: I think we should show this boy
dialog: that I’m real.
speaker_heading: . MARY SHAW
dialog: No, I'm afraid we must go on with
dialog: the show.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I refuse ta go on until he believes
dialog: that I’m real!
text: Mary and Billy’s shouting begins to OVERLAP.
scene_heading: BILLY MARY SHAW
dialog: Let me go mother! I just want Nof Sit still, child! Do you
dialog: to talk to him! I want to hear me?
dialog: teach him!
text: The audience break into applause, amazed by the performance
text: »».all except Henry, who shrinks back in his seat, afraid.
text: The clapping dissipates, and Mary turns to face the red-
text: headed boy. Her eyes DRILL into his, a grin spreading slowly
text: across her face.
speaker_heading: . MARY SHAW
dialog: Now who’s the dummy?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, .WALKER FUNERAL HOME - DAY -- PRESENT
text: It is clear that afternoon‘s events are seared into Henry’s
dialog: brain.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Some weeks later, that disbelieving
text: little boy went missing. Gone,
dialog: without a trace, Eventually the
dialog: search for him was abandoned and
dialog: the case left unsolved...but I
dialog: always felt in my gut that Mary had
dialog: played some role in it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I only saw her one other time.
text: He points towards the stairs with a trembling hand.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
text: Down there...in the basement.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: oe
dialog: 4g,
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, WALKER FUNERAL HOME - NIGHT -- FLASHBACK
text: Henry, the young version we just met, tip-toes stealthily
text: down the steps leading to the workroom.
text: He reaches the last step, stealing a glance inside.
speaker_heading: . HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I never did find out the exact
dialog: details of her death. I do know
dialog: that whatever she looked like when
dialog: she died...it must have been quite
dialog: something to turn my fathers head.
text: Aman in a 1940's police uniform stands over a cot, covered
text: by a sheet. Henry’s father, RICHARD (40's), listens to the
text: officer's whispered utterances.
text: The officer lifts the sheet. WE DO NOT SEE. A flash crosses
text: Richard's face, a tremor of repulsion he barely contains. He
text: looks away. The officer lowers the sheet, handing a thick
dialog: contract to Richard.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: This is her last will and
dialog: testament. All the instructions are
dialog: inside.
text: He turns on his heel, leaving as if he couldn‘t get out of
text: there fast enough. Henry slinks back into the shadows,
text: watching him go by.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Having a body in our home was
dialog: nothing new to me. It didn’t give
dialog: me so much as a goosebump to know
dialog: that I was sharing shelter with a
dialog: corpse.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But for the next few days, things
dialog: were...different around our house.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT DOOR, WALKER FUNERAL HOME - DAY -- FLASHBACK
text: Richard opens the front door, letting a tall man, who is
text: carrying a familiar VENTRILOQUIST DOLL ~ BILLY - enter the
text: house. They shake hands.
text: Henry watches through a crack in his bedroom door.
dialog: 
dialog: w
dialog: o
scene_heading: f INT. STAIRWELL, WALKER FUNERAL BOME - DAY -- FLASHBACK
text: Henry pokes his head through the bannisters, spying <he Tall
text: Man, arguing with his father in the hall below.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . TALL MAN
dialog: You have to give me time. This is
dialog: not what I do. A wooden toy is
dialog: something quite different to a
dialog: human being.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: It’s unusual for me also. I’ve
dialog: never had someone request this in
dialog: their will before.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, WALKER FUNERAL HOME - DAY -- FLASHBACK
text: Henry listens to his father work as he lurks down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT WORKROOM, WALKER FUNERAL HOME - DAY --
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK
text: Henry peeps inside the room.
text: Richard and the Tall Man toil away at Mary Shaw’s body, which
dialog: we CANNOT SEE.
dialog: 
dialog: +
text: a While he works, Richard keeps looking up to study Billy, the
text: dummy, sitting in the far corner.
text: The whole room is a mess of paint brushes and tools.
text: Richard sets up an old box camera next to the bench. He aims
text: the camera at Mary, clicking off a picture.
text: Henry watches. He leans a little too far forward, knocking a
text: mop over.
text: Richard whips his head up, fuming.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Henry, out of here while we’re
dialog: working!
text: He charges over as Henry scurries away, SLAMMING the door.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY‘S BEDROOM - NIGHT -- FLASHBACK
text: Lightning flickers outside.
text: Henry lies awake in bed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: The thing that intrigued me the
dialog: most, though, was not how Mary had
dialog: - died, or even who she was before
text: she died. It was her final request.
text: Henry sits up, climbing out of bed and padding through the
text: room, past the sleeping figure of his sister, MARION(B).
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, WALKER FUNERAL HOME - NIGHT -- FLASHBACK
text: Henry creeps down the stairs. He stops after every step he
text: takes, listening to the darkened house.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: It was said that, as her last wish,
dialog: she had asked to be buried looking
dialog: exactly like her doli.
dialog: * (beat)
dialog: To become a doll herself.
text: A low rumble of thunder seems to warn him as he reaches the
text: workroom door.
text: Henry scans - there is no one else around.
text: He takes out a key, unlocking the door.
dialog: .
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT WORKROOM, WALKER FUNERAL HOME — CONTINUOUS
text: Henry takes a moment. Steps inside.
text: The room's only light-source is a small desk lamp in the far
dialog: corner.
text: In the centre of the room, atop the workbench, is an open
text: coffin. Opposite the coffin, angled to one side in a chair,
text: is Billy the dummy. Eyes staring off at the far wall.
text: Henry takes a few paces inside. Keeps watching the dummy.
text: Lightning blinks in the window, casting long shadows.
text: He edges closer, reaching the bench.
text: He gets up on his toes, placing his hands on the edge of the
dialog: coffin,
text: He glances over at the dummy. It hasn‘t moved.
text: He hauls himself up, straining to get a look.inside the
dialog: coffin.
dialog: wi
dialog: uw
text: The light flicks on.
text: Richard stumbles into the room, bleary eyed and angrv.
text: Mary Shaw is but a lifeless corpse once again, lying on the
text: floor like a discarded rag doll.
text: Richard surveys the scene. Turns to Henry.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You had better start talking right
dialog: now, son.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, WALKER FUNERAL HOME - DAY -- PRESENT
text: Henry gazes at the wall, reliving memories he'd clearly like
dialog: to forget. Now we know why he’s the nervous wreck he is.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: - She‘d had her tongue cut out,
dialog: apparently. Without her voice...her
dialog: livelihood...she couldn’t go on.
dialog: She hung herself.
dialog: e (beat)
dialog: f } After that, it was said that her
dialog: \ ghost would roam Raven‘s Fair at
text: — night, stealing the tongues of
dialog: those who would scream in her
dialog: presence.
text: Jamie is silent for a beat.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You’re telling me that my wife was
dialog: murdered by a ghost?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I think it's better that I don't
dialog: tell you anything more...and show
dialog: you instead.
text: Henry gets up and opens a drawer.
text: He takes: out an old, black-and-white photo, handing it to
text: Jamie, along with the Polaroid he took of Lisa.
text: Jamie takes them both -- and they TAKE HIS BREATH.
text: The faded image is of an old woman, her face garishly painted
text: up -- like a doll.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: é , Jamie’s eyes switch between the photo of Mary Shaw, and the
text: KO Polaroid of Lisa. Mary's death face is eerily similar =o that
text: of Lisa‘s; those eyes - like a victim who glimpsed hell
text: before their last gasp.
text: Jamie hélds up the picture of Lisa.
speaker_heading: : JAMIE
dialog: You took this picture?
text: Henry nods. Jamie charges up to him, furious. Henry flinches.
dialog: Jamie
dialog: Jamie
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What kind of a sick bastard are
dialog: you?! I brought her here to be .
dialog: buried, not to be a memento in some
text: necrophilic's photo album.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I have to take pictures. It‘s part
dialog: of my business. I can’t work
dialog: without them.
text: backs down.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: You seem to be forgetting that you
dialog: came to me, Mister Ashen. I never
dialog: wanted to share this with you. You
dialog: asked.
text: paces. Shredded nerves.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You're talking about a woman who
dialog: died sixty years ago.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No, we're not. We're talking about
text: a woman who died three days ago.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Whether you believe in ghost
dialog: stories or not, you cannot deny
dialog: what you have in your hands.
text: Jamie stops. Examines the pictures.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: The night Lisa died...somebody sent
dialog: her a package. We opened it up, and
dialog: there was some sort of...dummy in
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: wo
dialog: or
speaker_heading: JAMIE (cont'd)
dialog: (beat)
text: A ventriloguist’s dummy.
text: He turns and drills Henry with a fearful look.
speaker_heading: JAMIE {CONT’D)
text: It has Mary Shaw's name written on
dialog: at.
text: Now it's Henry‘s turn to look fearful.
text: Jamie studies the picture of Mary Shaw, THINKING BACK.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Mary Shaw...
text: A few words of rhyme drift back into his memory from the fog
text: of childhood. He recites them as they come to him.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: -..then late one night,
dialog: when she returned to her room,
text: hidden high above the stage,
text: dark and cramped like a tomb...
text: Jamie looks over at Henry.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT‘D)
dialog: She lived at that old theater,
dialog: didn’t she? The one on Lake Seerie.
text: He throws the photo's on the table, heading for the door.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I’m going up there.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Nobody ever goes up there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And nobody smart wants to.
text: Jamie opens the door.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: If you're trying to find a ghost,
dialog: Mister Ashen, you‘re going to’
dialog: regret it. I promise you.
text: Jamie turns around.
dialog: 
dialog: mo
dialog: ur
dialog: a
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I’m not trying to £21
dialog: I'm trying to find ouz what
dialog: happened to my wife.
dialog: 
text: He closés"the door behind -him.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER FUNERAL HOME ~ DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Jamie steps out onto the street. Looks both ways, as if
text: searching for a cab.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: God damn it, I need my car.
speaker_heading: MARION (0.8.)
dialog: You can take ours.
text: Jamie whirls around to see Marion dangling a set of car keys.
speaker_heading: MARION (CONT'D)
dialog: Henry doesn’t let me drive.
scene_heading: INT. WALKER FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: Henry watches through the window as a monstrous black HEARSE
text: speeds off down the main street of Ravens Fair.
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Son of a...
text: Jamie is behind the wheel.
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD - DAY
text: Jamie pilots the hearse along an off-the~-map road that is
text: bordered by towering trees.
text: Speckles of sunlight dapple the windshield, peeking through
dialog: the branches.
text: Jamie slows down, seeing an old weatherboard house on his
dialog: left. .
scene_heading: INT. WEATHERBOARD HOUSE - SAME
text: Behind a grimy pane of glass that passes for a window, we see
text: the hearse roll past the house.
text: Someone is WATCHING through a chink in the curtain.
text: The dark figure turns, going over to a phone and dialing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HEARSE - SAME
text: Jamie continues along the road, which gets darker as the
text: foliage overhead thickens.
text: The dirt turns to mud, squelching beneath the tires. The road
dialog: narrows. '
text: Jamie glances over through the passenger window, then turns
dialog: back --
dialog: -- and hits the BRAKES!
text: He has reached a DEAD END. At least, that’s what the sign
text: says. The sign also says ~PRIVATE PROPERTY’.
text: Below these words, someone has spray-painted “NO ONE GOES
text: IN...NO ONE COMES OUT!!’
text: Trees block the road behind the sign like giant wooden
dialog: sentry's.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - DAY
text: Jamie steps out of his car.
text: He moves past the sign, clawing through the thick brush and
dialog: stumbling ott onto ~-
text: -- the shore of a swampy lake.
text: A sodden, makeshift jetty juts out over the water - all that
text: remains of the footbridge that once ran to the theater. A
text: small boat is lashed to it with a frayed rope.
text: In the center of the lake is an island, and on that island...
dialog: .+-1s the Guignol Theater.
text: A lone crow caws in the distance.
text: Jamie steps out into the boat. It rocks as he sits in it. He
text: unties the rope and begins rowing out towards the island.
scene_heading: EXT. GUIGNOL THEATER - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jamie alights the boat, tying it to a stake, then stares up
text: in awe at the building before him.
text: Like an aging former movie-star, you can still glimpse the
text: glory behind the brittle bones. Tall and imposing, it is
dialog: obvious someone put a lot of work into this place, but nature
text: has stripped away her dignity.
dialog: 
text: He approaches the building.
text: Nothing appears to grow on the island - all the trees are
text: skeletal relics, tortured into impossible shapes by starvation.
text: Dead ravers litter the ground, as if some sort of bird
text: holocaust had occurred.
text: Jamie steps up to the double doors, and then sees something
text: on the ground below him.
text: A footprint.
text: It's recent, the mud fading but still clear enough to make
dialog: out.
text: The footprints lead to the door. Jamie knocks on it
text: lightly...and it groans open.
dialog: Somebody has already been here.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM, GUIGNOL THEATER - DAY
text: Inside is the same story as out - a palace once grand, now
text: derelict. A curtain of red velvet hangs across the stage;
text: once regal, now moth-eaten.
text: Jamie makes his way down the aisle, scanning around.
text: Shards of sunlight cut in from outside, highlighting ornately
text: sculpted statues that gape down at Jamie from the corners of
text: the high ceiling, above a huge audience balcony.
text: He reaches the stage, clambering up onto it.
text: He looks around the auditorium. Not a hint of movement. All
text: that we can hear is his quivering breath.
text: He steps behind the curtain.
scene_heading: INT. STAGE, GUIGNOL THEATER - CONTINUOUS
dialog: It has been a long time since anyone trod these boards.
text: An old piano at the side of the stage is ail that remains.
text: Jamie lifts the key cover, tapping a few of the keys. The
text: sound is eerily discordant, neglected by time. Matches the
dialog: feeling in here.
text: Jamie paces around the stage, seeing a pile of wooden planks
text: in one corner.
dialog: 
dialog: ur
dialog: ©
text: He looks up into the lighting rigs high above him, spotting a
text: door which is slightly ajar. Nailed across the door are a few
text: random wooden planks, most of which have been torn away.
dialog: Somebody. has already been here.
text: The only way to reach the door is across a narrow catwalk,
text: which runs over the stage like a suspension bridge.
text: Jamie finds a set of stairs which lead up into the lights. He
text: ascends them, vertigo setting in as he sees the stage below.
text: At the top of the stairs, he takes a tentative step onto the
text: rickety catwalk, then scampers quickly across it.
text: He pushes the door open...
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY, GUIGNOL THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: ...entering a short passageway with a rounded door at the end
dialog: of it.
text: Jamie advances, reaching the door and trying the handle. It
text: opens.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S LIVING AREA, GUIGNOL THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: He crouches through the portal into a squalid living area.
text: Pale shafts of light filter through a window, showing Jamie a
text: small dinner table, with a crude kitchen in the corner,
text: quilted in spider-webs.
text: In another corner, a threadbare mattress and sheet, next to
text: which is a STAGE-MIRROR, framed by light-bulbs. MAKE-UP is
text: spread out on the table beneath the mirror.
text: A shelf on one wall is crowded with assorted junk,. among it
text: dozens of STUFFED ANIMALS, SEWING KITS, NEEDLES and JARS OF
text: EMBALMING FLUID.
text: Jamie goes tc the shelf, picking up a taxidermic BLACK CAT -
text: face frozen in mid-hiss. Yellow eyes glaring.
text: He searches the shelf further, finding a small doll, wearing
text: an old fashioned dress. One of its eyes is missing.
text: His fingers find a string at the back. He yanks it and a
text: voice croaks to life, age slowing it down to a masculine
dialog: drawl.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Mommy...
dialog: 6c.
text: Creeped out, Jamie looks up from the doll --
dialog: =-and GASPS!!
text: Reflected in the stage-mirroz, strung up in a noose and tied
text: to a beam - STARING at him with bulging eyes - is the figure
dialog: of MARY SHAW!! .
text: Jamie WEIRLS -- seeing nothing. Whips back to the mirror --
text: she is gone.
text: dJamie‘s chest heaves, the shock still COURSING through him.
text: He pokes the mirror nervously...
text: ».sthen notices something in the reflection.
text: A wooden trunk in the corner behind him.
text: He goes over to it. The chest has been thrown open, its lock
text: shattered. Rosary beads are scattered around it.
text: ‘Jamie peers into it.
text: A tattered TOP HAT sits inside it...and nothing else,
text: The top hat is lined with a red velvet that matches the suit
dialog: Billy wears.
text: An axe lies strewn next to the trunk. It looks brand new.
text: Jamie wipes sweat from his brow, examining the axe blade. He
text: smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE — DAY
text: Jamie rows back across the lake. The axe lies in the boat
text: next to him, wrapped in a rag.
text: He looks up, seeing four figures standing on the shore.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Shit...
text: It is a man in Sheriff's uniform, an unidentified woman,
dialog: Henry --
dialog: -- and Lipton.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE SHORE -- MOMENTS LATER
text: The woman, AUDREY (30's), rushes up to meet the boat as it
text: arrives.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I want him arrested. He‘s a god
dialog: damned trespasser!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: “Audrey, let me handle this.
text: The sheriff spins him around, slapping cuffs on
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (CONT‘D}
dialog: You're under arrest for
dialog: trespassing, theft of a motor
dialog: vehicle--
speaker_heading: JAMIE.
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: Your sister gave me the keys!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: They weren‘t hers to give.
text: Jamie looks around at the group.
dialog: Jamie
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I must be a popular guy - everyone
dialog: but the mayor is here.
speaker_heading: . LIPTON
dialog: My brothers in law enforcement here
dialog: in Ravens Fair were kind enough to
dialog: let me know when they got a call
dialog: about you.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I don‘t believe this. It’s a
dialog: derelict building nobody gives a
dialog: erap about!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: It‘s private property. My property.
text: There's a sign that says 580.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Can't argue with that.
text: laughs - more of a snort actually.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Well shit, looks like you got me
text: red handed, Detective. Open and
dialog: shut case of trespassing. You could
dialog: push for the chair on this one.
dialog: 6l.
dialog: him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Oy
text: Lipton smiles.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: No.
dialog: - (beat) -
dialog: ~ ‘We save the chair for wife killers.
text: Jamie LUNGES at him. With his hands cuffed, Lipton ea
text: side steps, KICKING Jamie in the back.
dialog: 
text: Jamie lands face down in the mud with a SMACK. Lipton dr-ves!
text: a knee into his back.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
text: Assaulting an officer, resisting
dialog: arrest - you're writing a shopping
dialog: list here, buddy.
text: He grabs Jamie’s hair, yanking his head up.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: What the hell are you doing up
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I‘m trying to find out what
dialog: happened to Lisa, which seems to be
dialog: more than you're doing.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Oh really? Well, right now I‘m on
dialog: tep of the number one suspect.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: God damn it, I didn’t kill my wife!
speaker_heading: LIPTON:
dialog: Then you got three seconds to tell
dialog: me what it is you’re doing here.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Something about Lisa’s death leads
dialog: to this place.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: There waS a woman...named Mary
text: Shaw. She lived in the theater.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: No one has ever lived in there.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yes, they have. She lived in there
dialog: and she hung hersel® aftez her
dialog: husband cut her tongue our.
text: Lipton looks up at the Sherzif, who shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ; SHERIFF
dialog: If ‘somebody had hung themselves in
dialog: there, I would know about it.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Teil them Henry, tell them what you
dialog: told me about Mary Shaw.
text: Everyone looks to Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What is he talking about?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Mary Shaw! Tell them!
text: Henry turns to the Sheriff.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: The last time I spoke to him was
dialog: when we were arranging the funeral.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You‘re a liar!
text: Lipton eases off Jamie’s back, watching all this with
text: interest. The Sheriff hoists Jamie to his feet.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Let‘s go.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: {to Henry)
dialog: You know what you said to me!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (to Jamie)
dialog: I called your father. You're lucky
dialog: he made arrangements for you to be
dialog: taken home.
dialog: 
dialog: 64.
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: f JAMIE
dialog: a I don‘t want to go to my father's
dialog: house, I want somebody to
dialog: fingerprint that axe and tell me
dialog: who it was that broke into that
dialog: “theater. :
speaker_heading: - AUDREY
dialog: I know who it was.
text: She steps up to Jamie.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT’D)
dialog: It was you.
text: The Sheriff leads Jamie towards the car.
text: Lipton picks up the axe, examining it.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: I'll take him, Sheriff. If that’s
dialog: okay with you.
text: The Sheriff gives Jamie the once over.
speaker_heading: 6 SHERIFF
dialog: fos Fine by me.
dialog: : +
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. LIPTON'S CAR, MOVING - DAY
text: Jamie sits in the back. Lipton drills him in the mirror.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: They‘re lying.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
text: Mary Shaw. They know who she is.
text: Jamie stares off out the window, aware that he sounds crazy. |
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: The night Lisa died, somebody sent
dialog: her a package. There was a...doll
dialog: in it.
speaker_heading: LIPTON.
dialog: A what?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMIE
text: An cold ventriloquist’s dummy. And
dialog: it belonged to a woman named Mary
dialog: Shaw. A woman who died in that
dialog: theater a long time ago.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: You mind telling me what the hel?
dialog: that has to do with the death of
dialog: your wife?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Something's not right about Lisa’s
dialog: death. I don't know what it is...
dialog: but it’s there. You said it
dialog: yourself -.no fingerprints, no
text: signs of forced entry.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: You're not making any sense.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: That package, that doll, came from
dialog: here. I want to know who sent it.
text: Lipton furrows his brow, incredulous.
speaker_heading: . LIPTON
dialog: So you think whoever sent it killed
dialog: your wife?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I don’t know...all I know is that
dialog: ever since I got here, things have
dialog: been happening to me. Strange
dialog: things. This place is...suffocating
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: It's just a harmless little town.
text: Jamie watches the trees whip past the windows.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No. I’ve always said that it‘s not
dialog: where you are, it’s what happens to
dialog: you while you’re there.
dialog: {beat ) :
dialog: I was born in this town. It’s who I
dialog: am...but all I remember when I‘m
dialog: here are the daily beatings from my
dialog: father and the death of my mom.
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: oF
text: He meets Lipton’s gaze in the mirror.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: De this one thing for me. Help me.
dialog: After that, you can do whatever you
dialog: " “want.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE — DAY
text: Lipton walks Jamie up the front path towards the front door.
text: Boz clears away branches to the side, staring at Lipton.
text: Lipton knocks and the door is opened by Ella.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Special delivery.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Is he in trouble, officer?
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Well, that depends. The Sheriff's
dialog: department here would like to speak
dialog: to him tomorrow. As long as he
dialog: stays out of trouble between now
dialog: and then...
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: We'll keep him here, officer. Thank
dialog: you very much. Goodbye.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Wait.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: fhere's something I'd like to give
text: to the detective before he goes.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE’S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - DAY
text: The door opens. Jamie enters, picking up the box which he has
dialog: shoved Billy into.
text: He hands it to the detective.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: I can’t promise anything.
text: Ella appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You sure you don’t want to lock me
dialog: up for the night down at the
dialog: station?
text: Lipton smiles.
speaker_heading: . LIPTON
dialog: That's not up to me.
text: He turns and leaves.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: I'll walk you to the door, officer.
text: Jamie goes to the window, staring out through the bars.
text: He hears Lipton and Ella clomp down the stairs, then watches
text: as Lipton exits the house and heads for his car.
text: Then, from somewhere deep in the house, an angry bellow.
speaker_heading: CHARLES (0.S.)
dialog: Son.
text: Jamie turns towards the voice.
speaker_heading: ’ CHARLES (0.S., CONT'D)
dialog: May I see you please?
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY, ASHEN HOUSE - DUSK
text: A roaring fireplace licks out at a stately library.
text: Ella walks up behind Charles, whispering in his ear.
text: She spins Charles’ wheelchair around, so that he can see
text: Jamie, standing in the doorway of the darkened room.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Where have you been all day?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I got caught up. Sorry.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You sure did. The police told me
dialog: all about it.
text: Jamie stares at his shoes - a child being punished.
speaker_heading: i CHARLES
dialog: Vo So what do you have to say for
dialog: yourself? Stealing cars and
dialog: breaking in to places -~ is that how
dialog: . you spend your days? .
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: So why did you do it?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I was trying tc....
dialog: (beat; reconsiders)
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Your father and I aren't mad at
dialog: you, Jamie. We just want to protect
dialog: you. We care about you.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Yes. In fact, Ella spent all day
dialog: making you a special lunch.
text: , 3 . damie looks up at Ella.
speaker_heading: Ne JAMIE
dialog: I‘m sorry, Ella.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: The reason we wanted you to be here
dialog: for lunch is that it's Ella‘s
dialog: birthday today.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Happy birthday, Ella.
text: Ella beams.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: That’s quite okay.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We're going to have a birthday
dialog: dinner tonight instead. What do you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: curT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: f
dialog: {
dialog: \
dialog: 6s.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, ASHEN HOUSE ~ NIGHT
text: Candles flicker on a cake, before Ella blows them ail ont.
text: Jamie is.once again séated at the end of the table, opposite
dialog: Charles. and. Ella.
text: He prods his dinner; hasn‘t touched any of it. Looks nervous.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: I love birthdays. Especially my
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Until you remember how old you are.
text: Ella hits him mockingly.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Be quiet, you.
text: She cuts inte the cake with a large knife.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Would you like some cake, Jamie?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No, I’m fine.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: No thank you, is what you say.
text: Ella removes a slice.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: I know this is a very hard time for
dialog: you, Jamie, but I've always found
dialog: that, even in a small way, there’s
dialog: nothing like a piece of chocolate
dialog: cake to raise your spirits.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Or raise the needle on the scales.
text: Ella bursts out laughing, pointing the knife at Charles.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: One more word out of you and it’s
dialog: off with your head.
text: Jamie shifts uncomfortably in his seat.
dialog: 
dialog: ~J
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: f CHARLES
dialog: Lo What about a birthday song?
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: No, darling. Jamie's probably had
dialog: “enough of us.
speaker_heading: ; CHARLES
dialog: Come on, we'll sing one for him.
text: Jamie smiles nervously,
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: One, two, three...
text: He takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (singing)
dialog: For he's a jolly good fellow, for
dialog: he's a jolly good fellow...
text: Ella beams even wider than usual, joining in.
speaker_heading: CHARLES /ELLA
dialog: oy (singing)
dialog: yt ..-for he’s a jolly good fellow...
dialog: I which nobody can deny!
text: Jamie starts to shake, the fork in his hand quivering.
speaker_heading: CHARLES/ELLA (CONT'D)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Which nobody can deny! Which nobody
dialog: can deny!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Thank you...thank you, that
dialog: was...very nice.
text: And back to awkward silence.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: You sure you don't want any cake,
dialog: Jamie?
text: Jamie casts his eyes down, fidgeting.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No, no, thank you.
text: SUDDEKLY - Charles EXPLODES, screaming at Jamie.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHARLES
text: LOOK AT HER WHEN YOU TALK TO HER
dialog: YOU UNGRATEFUL LITTLE BASTARD!!
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: ~ Charlie, calm down.
speaker_heading: ; CHARLES
dialog: No, I won't. This is the way it’s
dialog: always been with him. All he does
dialog: is take.
text: Jamie pushes himself up from the table.
speaker_heading: CHARLES (CONT'D)
dialog: All we've done since you got here
dialog: is make you feel welcome, but it’s
dialog: never good enough.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Good enough for what? A hug and a
dialog: fucking apology?
text: He turns to Ella.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Just tc keep you up to date, Ella,
dialog: thé last time I saw Charles here,
dialog: twelve long years ago, I was
text: squinting at him through a black
dialog: eye that he gave me.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: -Yes, it‘s easy to get sympathy with
text: only one side of the story.
text: Bile rises in Jamie‘s throat as years of frustration and hurt
text: erupts from within him.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I was a kid, dad. That’s the whole
dialog: story, end of story.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I gave you everything and you still
dialog: fought me.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Toy cars don’t mean shit when
dialog: you're locked in your room all day
dialog: listening to you hit mom.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: i CHARLES
dialog: Ko How dare you say that in front of
dialog: “my wife!
text: Ella can't take it anymore.
speaker_heading: ‘ ELLA
dialog: Why can‘t we all just be a happy
dialog: family for one night on my
dialog: birthday?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Because of me, that’s why. I'm the
dialog: ungrateful bastard. So I think I
dialog: should just go.
text: He storms out.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You come back here!
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jamie storms out the front door, hurling his suitcase into
dialog: his car.
text: ae Ella comes after him, pleading.
speaker_heading: SS ELLA
dialog: Jamie...
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I‘m leaving, Ella.
text: He jumps inside his car, starting it up.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: You can't leave, Jamie. I’m afraid
dialog: oft what will happen if you leave.
text: Re takes off, speeding down the driveway - and SLAMMING ON
text: THE BRAKES.
text: The front gate is PADLOCKED shut.
text: Jamie glances in his rearview - sees Boz approaching with a
dialog: garden stake.
text: Sweat pours down Jamie‘s forehead. He reverses the car up, as——
text: -- Boz breaks inte a run.
dialog: ~4
speaker_heading: Ww
text: Jamie throws the car into drive, STOMPINS on the gas and
text: BARRELING through the gates, SMASHING them down and fish-
text: tailing into the night.
dialog: 
text: Charles-is sitting at’ the upstairs window in his wheelcha:z. |
text: Staring. down at the ruined gates. i
text: There's something cold and detached about his look. :
text: Boz slows down, giving up the chase. Ella appears next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BOZ
dialog: I tried te stop him..-I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Mr Ashen would like to see you.
dialog: curt To:
scene_heading: EXT. “COME ON INN’ MOTEL - NIGHT
text: The motel’s sign sways in the wind, creaking.
scene_heading: INT. LIPTON’S ROOM, ‘COME ON INN’ MOTEL - SAME
dialog: ¢ A This ain't the Hilton.
text: o Lipton sits. on his bed, examining Billy.
text: He sits the dummy on his lap, wedging his hand into the back
dialog: of its head.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Hello there.
text: He takes a stab at a bit of amateur ventriloguism, doing his
dialog: best to keep his lips from moving.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: {as Billy)
dialog: Hello to you, detective. How are
dialog: you tonight?
dialog: He's pretty bad at it.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Well, I‘m just great.
speaker_heading: RIILINNNGGG!!
text: He jumps as the phone rings. Puts down the dummy and takes
dialog: fo4 the call.
dialog: 
dialog: oo,
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Detective Lipton.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I‘ll be right there.
scene_heading: EXT. LIPTON’S ROOM, ‘COME ON INN’ MOTEL - MOMENTS. LATER
text: Lipton leaves his door ajar, exiting his room and marching
text: down towards the front office.
text: As he walks, he looks over and netices Henry’s sister MARIOKX,
text: standing in the center of the parking lot. Silently watching.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OFFICE, “COME ON INN’ MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Lipton enters, approaching the counter.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: You got a fax for me?
text: The hotel manager hands Lipton an envelope. He opens it,
text: flipping through the pages.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: This everything that came?
text: The hotel manager nods,
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: You don‘t say much, do ya?
text: The hotel manager shakes his head.
scene_heading: EXT. LIPTON'S ROOM, ‘COME ON INN’ MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Lipton walks back towards his room. As he gets closer, he
text: notices something strange.
text: A VOICE is coming from within his room.
text: He tenses up the way a cop does. Edges towards the door,
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)}
dialog: Is that what you want?
text: A second voice answers ~ deeper, muffled.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.8.)
dialog: I want what you have.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: What? What is it?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ON
dialog: at
dialog: ww
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.8.)
dialog: A family.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Don‘t you have one already?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.5.)
dialog: No. :
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.5.)}
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: It was taken from me.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Who took it?
text: Lipton reaches his door, pushing it open and peeking in.
scene_heading: INT. LIPTON’S ROOM, ‘COME ON INN’ MOTEL - CONTINUOUS
text: He sees MARION, sitting on his bed opposite BILLY THE DUMMY.
text: Billy is sitting up, looking straight at Marion.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Who took it?
text: There is no answer forthcoming from the puppet.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Hey! Why aren’t you talking
dialog: anymore? Say something.
text: Lipton watches, confused, then opens the door fully. He steps
text: towards Marion but she doesn’t hear him.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Madam?
text: Marion turns around, fear in her eyes.
speaker_heading: LIPTON (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing in here?
text: She points at the doll.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: He talked to me. He won’t shut up
text: when no one else is around.
text: Lipton looks te the doll, then takes Marion by the arm.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Madam, I’m going to have to ask you
dialog: to leave.
text: He guides her to the door, easing her outside. She wanders
text: outside ahd then turns back.
speaker_heading: . MARION
dialog: She's in there with you.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Excuse me? Who’s in where?
text: Marion is about to answer when she takes her dead raver out
text: of her pocket, smiling at it.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Best bird I ever had,
text: ‘Lipton nods.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Right. Good night, ma'am.
text: He closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE’S CAR, MOVING - NIGET
dialog: '
text: Jamie steers the car through black oblivion, pushing it to
dialog: its limits. :
text: Flying past the windows are the darkened streets of Ravens
dialog: Fair.
dialog: Not a sovl can he seen anywhere. The town is lonely...the
dialog: wind its only tenant.
text: Jamie slows the car to a stop, his mania subsiding. He
text: collapses onto the steering wheel as a clap of thunder roars
text: its disapproval from the sky.
text: Finally he looks up, staring at something through the
text: windshield, atop a hill on the towns highest ground.
dialog: The cemetery.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIPTON'S ROOM, ‘COME ON INN’ MOTEL - NIGHT
text: A frenzied symphony reaches its crescendo on a tinny radio in
dialog: the corner.
dialog: 
text: Lipton fixes a pair of reading glasses to his face, scanning
dialog: the fax papers he received.
text: What he DOESN’T SEE is the EYE of the ventriloguist’s dummy
text: move toward him. © ~ .
text: Glaring at him.
text: Lipton glances over at the dummy.
text: Its eyes are facing front again.
text: Lipton goes back to the fax papers...and this time we see
text: what he doesn’t notice in his peripheral vision.
text: The dummies whole head TURNS TO FACE HIM.
text: Lipton looks up...but its not the dummy that has gotten his
dialog: attention - its a sound.
speaker_heading: A VOICE.
speaker_heading: WHISPERED VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Help me..-please help me...
text: Lipton furrows his brow. Did he just hear something?
speaker_heading: ' WHISPERED VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: ++-Can you help me?
text: Lipton switches the radio off.
text: Listening.
speaker_heading: WHISPERED VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Please...
text: The voice is guttural, female.
text: Lipton. follows the whisper - it’s coming from behind a
dialog: cabinet.
speaker_heading: WEISPERED VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: ..-help. .
text: Lipton snatches up his gun. Cocks it.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Who is that? Who‘s there?
text: He approaches the cabinet, heaving it aside --
text: -- and revealing a small wooden door, about waist-height.
dialog: 
text: He grabs a flashlight from the desk, crouching down.
text: He opens the crawispace door.
dialog: Slowly.
dialog: Carefully.
text: He stares into the pitch-black square of darkness beyond the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Identify yourself.
text: He wriggles his way into the crawlspace.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWLSPACE, ~COME ON INN’ MOTEL - CONTINUOS
text: He lashes the flashlight in all directions.
text: Undefined objects clutter the space. Rotted, wooden pillars
text: support the low-ceiling, running the entire length of the-
text: puilding.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Who's there?
text: Lipton crawls forth, his hands crunching in the gravel.
dialog: Suddenly --
text: -- the door shuts behind him!
text: Lipton rushes to it, smashing on it.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: God damn it, this isn’t funny!
text: He STOPS abruptly. Feels something behind him.
text: A presence.
text: He whirls around, aiming his flashlight into the inky void--
text: nothing moves but the shadows cast by its light.
text: He turns around again, jerking on the door.
text: as he does, the feeling looms behind him again. RISING.
text: He stops. Then spins around--
dialog: =
dialog: ~
dialog: }
dialog: 79,
scene_heading: ~-COMING FACE-TO-FACE WITH THE GHOULISHLY PAINTED VISAGE oF
text: MARY SHAW ~~ so close he can smell ner rotten breath, her
text: eyes burning like candle flames in open wounds.
text: He REELS back in fright, smashing into a pile of stacked up
text: junk. The’flashlight falls out of his hand, cutting out.
text: TOTAL BLACKNESS once again. '
text: We hear Lipton clawing at the gravel. Terror in his voice.
speaker_heading: LIPTON
dialog: Jesus fucking Christ!
text: For a moment, only the wooden beams around him reply,
dialog: ereaking under their own weight...
text: ++-until a sickening SNORT erupts - right next to Lipton.
text: Ke fires his gun -- each shot illuminating the nightmare
text: vision of Mary Shaw...crawling toward him...unaffected by the
dialog: gunfire.
text: smiling.
text: Lipton'’s gun clicks empty and he SCREAMS!!
text: We hear the’sound of his scream being CUT SHORT -- followed
text: by the wet, throaty sound of his tongue being RIPPED OUT.
text: For a moment, all we hear is Lipton gurgling, sucking in
text: short breaths. They decrease in volume as his life
text: fades...and then we hear Mary Shaw.
text: She is whispering to Lipton -- IN HIS OWN VOICE.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: {in Lipton's voice)
dialog: This is necessary.
dialog: Then silence.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Lightning casts long shadows across this field of the dead...
dialog: «sand one living soul.
text: Jamie kneels over his wife’s grave, head bowed.
text: The wind whistles through the trees. Jamie is truly alone.
scene_heading: RITIINNNGGG!!!
dialog: 
dialog: on
dialog: ( .
dialog: 
text: His cell phone startles him out of it. He fishes it out of
text: his pocket. The call is from an UNKNOWN NUMBER.
text: He stabs the answer key.
speaker_heading: . JAMIE
dialog: Hello? _
text: Electronic hiss replies...like breathing.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Hello?
text: &A single word emerges from the white noise, like a cry for
text: help in a snowstorm.
speaker_heading: LIPTON’S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: +.-damie...
text: The line is a bad one - static interrupting.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Detective?
text: The electronic hiss grows louder.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Detective, I can't hear you. You‘re
text: breaking up.
text: Syllables pop in and out, all that Jamie can make out, and
dialog: then--
speaker_heading: LIPTON’S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: «-.you‘re innocent...
text: Jamie gets to his feet. Stunned.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: LIPTON’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: ..-the theater...go...theater
dialog: «.-Nnow...it's...
text: The hiss drowns his words again.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Detective I'm losing you.
dialog: Detective? Detective?!
text: The line goes dead.
dialog: 
text: Jamie stares at the phone, speechless.
text: He turns and RUNS through the headstones towards his car.
scene_heading: INT. LIPTON’S ROOM, ‘COME ON INN’ MOTEL - NIGET
text: A bloodied ‘hand spears out of the CRAWLSPACE door, grabbing
text: at the carpet. It hauls a body forward - LIPTON'S body.
text: He gags, lurching forward on his hands and knees, clinging <o
text: life. He claws his way out of the crawlspace, towards the
dialog: phone...
text: «..until his body gives in and collapses under him.
dialog: Then--—
text: --a light falls across his face as the door opens. Lipton's
text: eyes widen in terror as a shadow falls across him.
text: An UNSEEN figure is entering his hotel room.
text: Lipton follows the figure with his eyes, blood seeping from
text: within his mouth.
text: The. UNSEEN intruder picks up the doll calmly, pausing to
text: stand over Lipton.
text: He makes a noise, all that his tongueless mouth will allow; a
text: throaty bark from deep within his gut. The last noise he will
dialog: ever make.
text: And with that, the UNSEEN figure leaves, taking the doll.
text: The door closes.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Night has turned a sea of lush, fall color into a black
dialog: forest.
dialog: Then - -
text: -- a pair of headlights spear along the road that winds
text: through the trees.
text: From high above, the car is just an insect, DWARFED by the
text: royal pines around it.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - SAME
text: Jamie climbs out of his car, scanning around.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 82.
text: There are no other cars or signs of life.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE SHORE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Twigs crunch underfoot as Jamie steps out onto the lake.
text: A thick MIST hangs over the water like a vaporous blanket,
text: obscuring any view of the island at its center.
text: Next to the boat, an olé gas lantern hangs on a post, the
text: flame inside flickering. Jamie takes it and steps into the
dialog: boat.
text: He pushes off from the jetty. The mist envelopes him.
text: As he rows towards the theater, the soft glow of the lantern
text: floating through the thick fog is all that we can make out.
scene_heading: EXT. GUIGNOL THEATER ~ NIGHT
text: The theater. It looms against the black sky, daring brave
dialog: souls to enter it.
text: One such soul steps up to it - Jamie. He clambers out of the
text: boat, gawking up at the building.
text: He leans into the open door.
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Detective?
text: His query echoes throughout the theater...and then is
text: answered by a distant voice.
speaker_heading: LIPTON’S VOICE (0.5.)
dialog: Inside.
text: Jamie hesitates, then pushes the door open.
scene_heading: INT. GUIGNOL THEATER - NIGHT
text: By day, this theater is dim...pby night, it is an impenetrable
text: fortress of darkness.
text: Jamie gropes down the aisle, exploring the auditorium with
text: the lantern held out in front of him.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Detective?
dialog: No answer.
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
text: He peers up into the lights. The door to Mary’s living
text: Ko quarters swings open.
text: Jamie ascends the ladder which leads up to it.
text: Cautious, he begins to pace across the catwalk that runs to
text: Mary‘s living quarters. He stops halfway across.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Detective? i
text: Again, there is no answer.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S LIVING AREA, GUIGNOL THEATER - NIGHT
text: Jamie edges into Mary’s meager lodgings.
text: The room is empty.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Lipton, where are you?
text: He holds up the lantern, swinging it around --
text: ~- as someone's HAND COVERS HIS MOUTH!
dialog: 
text: f Audrey is standing in FRONT OF HIM, pointing a long, double-
text: \ barreled shotgun at him with one hand and smothering his
text: Se mouth with the other.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Shhh...if you know what‘s good for
dialog: you, you'll be very, very quiet.
text: She raises the gun, whispering to him.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you not to come in here. We
dialog: all did. You wouldn’t listen
dialog: though, would you?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Hold on a minute...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I saw you take that boat. You think
dialog: it’s the only one I got?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Put the gun down, please.
speaker_heading: ( : AUDREY
dialog: Ba.
dialog: VL You don’t know what you've done,
dialog: boy. Coming in here. Disturbing the
dialog: place.
text: . JAMIE.
dialog: i‘m sorry, I --
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: What is it you’re hoping to
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Detective Lipton called me,
dialog: me to meet him here.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Bullshit.
text: Budrey edges forward, gun trained.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Detective Lipton is in here
dialog: somewhere, I swear it.
dialog: find?
dialog: he told
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: io. There ain’t no one here but you.
speaker_heading: f ‘ ' JAMIE
dialog: SS I heard him.
speaker_heading: AUDREY .
dialog: Well, then where is he?
speaker_heading: LIPTON'S VOICE (0.S.}
dialog: Right in front of you.
text: They both WHIRL when they hear the voice.
text: It did indeed come from right in front of them...but there is
text: no one there - just a wall.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Who is that? Get out of there!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Wait...
text: Jamie steps forward, holding the lantern out in front of him.
text: Audrey stops breathing, cocking the shotgun.
text: Jamie reaches the wall, examining it with the lantern.
dialog: f
dialog: com.
text: He leoks back at Audrey, then holds out his arm -~
text: -- and instead of hitting the wall, his arm extends. THROUGH
dialog: it. .
text: That's because it is not a’wall at all, but a HIDDEN Door,
text: disguised by the patterns of the wood.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Good God...
text: Jamie disappears through the hidden door. Audrey takes a
text: flashlight out of her pocket and follows him through it.
scene_heading: INT. THE DOLL ROOM — CONTINUOUS
text: Foul air hits them as they step into an adjoining room.
text: They step forward -- straight into a sheet of cobwebs.
text: Jamie swats at it, clearly not a fan of spiders. They claw
text: the webbing away, revealing a better view of the chamber.
text: It is long and narrow, with ratty DRAPES covering shelving
text: that lines the walls on either side of them.
text: A single beam of moonlight leaks though a small window on the
text: wall facing them.
speaker_heading: : JAMIE
dialog: Detective?
text: Audrey swathes the tenebrous cavern with her flashlight.
text: Neither of them dares breathe.
text: Finally, Jamie sizes up the TAUT CLOTH which covers up one
text: side of the dust-choked dungeon.
text: He approaches it, careful.
text: Picks up one corner of it.
text: Audrey‘s heart is in her throat.
text: Jamie RIPS the curtain away...
text: .+-Tevealing a large, GLASS-FRONTED CABINET. Behind the
text: glass, all perched on shelves in neat rows like obedient
text: children, are DOZENS UPON DOZENS OF VENTRILOQUIST DUMMIES.
text: Bil of them wearing the exact same tuxedo BILLY wears.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Bé.
text: The flashlight gives each wooden face a moment in the
text: spotlight. All those sets of eyes...all STARING EERILY at
dialog: Audrey and Jamie.
text: Jamie finally turns to face the cloth on the opposite side cf
text: the room. There appears to be someone or something under it.
text: Jamie looks back at Audrey, who grips her shotgun. Jamie
text: tears the sheet away.
text: Audrey stifles a gasp.
text: Instead of more wooden dolls, Audrey's flashlight finds a
text: hideously atrophied HUMAN BODY - slumped over, its head bowed
dialog: forward.
text: Like all the other dummies, the body is dressed exactly like
dialog: Billy.
text: Audrey steps in close to the body, examining the hardened,
text: leathery flesh of its face. She bends down, trying to get a
dialog: better view.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: This body has been preserved...
text: like a hunting trophy.
text: Wires are cdiled around the bodies chest, neck and wrists.
text: The wires run up to the ceiling, strung over wooden beams.
text: They dangle down in front of Jamie, tied to blocks of wood.
text: He grips one of the four wooden handles, pulling down on the
dialog: wire.
text: The bodies head SNAPS upwards!! Audrey recoils in SHOCK.
text: The wire has acted like a pulley, lifting the bodies head to
text: reveal a YOUNG BOY - his features drooping like melted wax,
text: his mouth elongated into a permanent smile that belies his
text: dead, unblinking eyes.
text: It is the disbelieving RED-HEADED boy we met in Henry's
text: flashback...once alive, now just EMBALMED FLESH, filled with”
text: sawdust.
text: Jamie pulls down on another of the wires and the boys hand is
dialog: lifted.
text: He is a HUMAN PUPPET.
text: Jamie lets go of the wires, repulsed -- realizing he has been
text: operating the boy like a marionette.
text: The walls behind the boy are plastered with damp, faded
text: newspaper articles. Headlines scream out at them: MISSING
scene_heading: CHILD, SEARCH FOR CHILD GROWS DESPERATE, RAVEN'S FAIR
scene_heading: MYSTERY.
speaker_heading: . AUDREY
dialog: T think we just solved a sixty year
dialog: old mystery.
text: They stare at the boy, transfixed...
dialog: «.-but there is something they don’t see.
text: Behind them, one of the dummies in the cabinet MOVES. It's
text: eyes turn slightly. Creaking.
text: Jamie whirls around and snaps the lantern onto it.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: This boy--
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Wait.
dialog: Then:
text: ‘The dummies whole head moves.
text: It pivots to the right with a click, as if staring off at
dialog: something.
text: Another head follows...then another...then another. Like a
text: SPREADING WAVE, every one of the devilish dolls swivels its
text: head to the right, all FOCUSING on something at the end of
dialog: the room.
text: Terrified, Jamie and Audrey follow the many sets of eyes to
text: what they are all looking at: a FIGURE, sagging in a rocking
text: chair in the corner.
text: Another ventriloquist dummy.
text: At first it does nothing...then its jaw moves, ever so
text: slightly. Emits two hoarse, whispered words, in the voice of
speaker_heading: LIPTON.
speaker_heading: THE DUMMY
dialog: (in Lipton‘s voice)
dialog: Found me.
text: Jamie and Audrey stand before the ghoulish gallery.
dialog: 
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Mary Shaw...
text: The doll’s eyes turn to Audrey. It's voice becomes a dread-
text: filled rasp.
speaker_heading: THE DUMMY
dialog: Clever.
text: Audrey looks back at the corpse of the young boy.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You killed that boy...
speaker_heading: THE DUMMY
dialog: No. I gave him a hew voice.
speaker_heading: FLASHCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOLL ROOM - NIGHT -- FLASHBACK
text: The red-headed boy is slumped on Mary Shaw’s lap - the dead
text: and mummified version of the boy we have just seen.
text: Mary strokes his hair.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: Ddn't I treat you well, Billy?
text: Mary then provides the VOICE of the boy - as she would a
text: ventriloquist dummy.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: (in the voice of the boy)
dialog: Yes, mother. The best I could ever
dialog: hope for.
speaker_heading: FLASHCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOLE ROOM - NIGHT -- PRESENT
text: Audrey and Jamie are horrified by what they are hearing.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Why have you come back? Why after
dialog: all these years?
speaker_heading: THE DUMMY
dialog: So hard to find the perfect child.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sometimes you have to make one.
text: Jamie’s chest heaves, unable to believe what he is hearing.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COs
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What happened to Lisa?
text: The dummy seems to be revelling in Jamie’s pain. Grinning.
speaker_heading: . THE DUMMY
dialog: I took her tongue.
speaker_heading: : JAMIE
dialog: Why? Why her? Why would you take
dialog: her?!
speaker_heading: . THE DUMMY
dialog: I did it to bring you back.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What do you want with me?
speaker_heading: THE DUMMY
dialog: Come closer and I’‘J1 tell you.
text: Jamie takes a step toward the grotesque puppet. Audrey
text: reaches out to grab him but he shakes free.
speaker_heading: THE DUMMY
text: Closer.
text: He takes anbther step.
speaker_heading: THE DUMMY
dialog: I'll whisper it to you.
text: Jamie leans down, near enough to touch the dumny.
text: Time stops.
dialog: Then--
speaker_heading: THE DUMMY
dialog: It's time to make another perfect
dialog: child.
text: As the dummy whispers these words, A LONG FLESHY TONGUE POURS
text: FROM THE ITS MOUTH, licking Jamie's face! He REELS BACK, as
text: the doll’s cackling rings out.
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY -~-
text: A bone-white hand, covered in dead flesh, clasps the side of
text: the dummies head from behind, followed by another hand on the
text: other side of the dummies head.
dialog: 
dialog: sO.
text: Someone is crouching BEHIND the dummy. The new figure begins
dialog: to rise.
text: It is MARY SHAW.
text: She holds the dummy up in front of her, hiding her face, her
text: tongue writhing through the back of the its head and
text: projecting out of its mouth, lolling and flicking at them.
text: The tongue is made from SEVERAL OTHER TONGUES -- ALL MELDED
scene_heading: TOGETHER TO FORM ONE SERPENTINE APPENDAGE THAT STRETCHES AT
text: LEAST A FOOT IN LENGTH.
text: Jamie SCRAMBLES back as Mary advances.
text: Audrey FIRES the shotgun, hitting the dummy and RLOWING IT
text: BACKWARDS THROUGH THE WINDOW!
text: Mary Shaw SCREAMS - and vaporizes into THIN AIR.
text: One of the dummies in the cabinet turns its head to face
dialog: Jamie and Audrey.
text: It begins to LAUGH, filling the chamber with a NERVE-
text: SHATTERING chorus of sadistic pleasure.
text: From WITHIN THE DUMMY, a ghostly APPARITION begins OOZING out
text: of the eye-sockets, forming Mary Shaw's face.
text: BOOM! — Audrey fires another shot - SHATTERING the glass and
text: destroying the dummy before Mary’s spirit can fully form.
text: Mary rips out another inhuman SCREAM.
text: Audrey fumbles through her pocket for more shells.
text: A third dummy turns its head, and Mary ONCE AGAIN starts to
text: SLITHER out.
text: Jamie watches this, realization crashing down on him.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Destroy all the dolls!
text: He seizes the gas lantern and heaves it at the cabinet. The
text: lantern smashes and the shelves IGNITE.
text: Mary WAILS in pain.
text: The whole cabinet is ablaze.
text: Jamie yanks Audrey towards the doorway.
text: Behind them, the body of the YOUNG BOY begins to move. His
text: head lifts, turning towards them, his arms reaching out as a
text: SHAPE begins to LEAK from within him.
text: Stumbling, Audrey and Jamie retreat into --
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S LIVING AREA -~ ‘CONTINUOUS
dialog: -- Mary's living quarters, and then -- |
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY, GUIGNOL THEATER ~ CONTINUOUS
text: -- down the corridor that leads to her quarters, stumbling
dialog: out onto --
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE, GUIGNOL THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: -- the catwalk. It trembles under their feet.
text: They walk backwards, eyes LOCKED on the door to Mary's living
dialog: area.
text: Mary appears in the doorway - as calm as a python - ADVANCING
text: towards them down the passageway. She flicks her tongue at
text: them, menacing.
text: damie and Audrey back up as she glides out onto the catwalk.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: (in Lipton’s voice)
dialog: I can make you scream.
text: She STOMPS down on the metal grill beneath her feet, and the
text: force is enough to DISLODGE the catwalk. It pitches
text: downwards, Jamie. and Audrey PLUNGING off it --
text: Jamie SNATCHES a curtain rope with one arm as he falls.
text: Audrey isn’t so lucky. She SCREAMS as she flails in the air --
dialog: and that’s when it happens.
text: Her tongue begins to separate from her throat MID-SCREAM. It
text: LAUNCHES from her mouth in a geyser of blood, Mary Shaw
text: collecting it from the air between them and SLURPING it down
text: like a large, tasty slug.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Audrey!
text: Audrey's body smashes to the stage below, bones cracking.
text: Jamie dangles high above the stage, his force swinging the
text: rope wildly from side to side.
text: He looks down, seeing a halo of blood spreading around
text: Audrey’s body.
dialog: oo
dialog: (
text: He goes for broke -- letting go of the rope as he reaches the
text: curtain,, grabbing the red velvet and sliding down, landing 50,
text: hard on (the stage that he CRASHES THROUGH IT --
scene_heading: INT. PROP STORAGE ROOM, BELOW STAGE - CONTINUOUS '
text: -~ and lands in a body of water.
text: He surfaces,. gagging and coughing, whipping his head around
text: and being greeted by A CLOWN FACE.
text: He is treading water in some kind of STORAGE ROOM for stage
text: props - long since FLOODED.
text: He ducks under the water, lunging forward and spear-swimming
scene_heading: through MANNEQUINS, COSTUME RACKS, GARISH MASKS and more —
text: memoirs of a glorious past, now left to drown in a basement.
text: He reaches a sluice gate, which spills out into --
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - NIGHT
dialog: -- the lake.
text: ! Jamie pitches headfirst into the murky moat.
text: He resurfaces, gasping, and begins kicking for the shore.
text: Halfway across he stops, lost in the fog. He whips a look
dialog: around. Doesn’t know which way to swim. Below him --
scene_heading: -- UNDER THE WATER -~
text: -- a dummy floats like a corpse in the current ~ the very one
text: Audrey had blown out of the window with the shotgun.
text: A HAND begins to claw its way from within the dummies face.
text: ON THE SURFACE
text: Jamie kicks forward - NOT SEEING the body of Mary Shaw
text: FORMING underneath him.
text: Her head breaks the surface, RISING like a leviathan.
text: Her shoulders clear the water - until she stands on the
text: surface, gliding gracefully across the water.
text: Headed straight for Jamie.
dialog: a,
dialog: 7
dialog: 19
dialog: uw
text: His heart skips a beat as he sees her. He kicks and
text: splutters, surging forward, struggling to move.
text: Mary is closer now, arms OUTSTRETCHED.
text: “Desperate, he takes one last dive --
text: —- and lands on hard ground.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: He claws himself out of the mud, standing up and running
text: forward...branches lashing his face...blood stinging his
dialog: eyes.
text: He stumbles out onto the road, seeing his car up ahead.
text: He sprints to it, flinging open the door and jumping in. He
text: slots his key into the ignition.
text: The engine screeches in protest.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Come on, come on!
text: The car roars to life.
text: He stomps on the gas and is gone.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE'S CAR, MOVING - NIGHT
text: Jamie checks his face in the mirror - sweat and blood trickle
text: down his forehead.
text: Something has CHANGED about him - his eyes look wild. Once he -
text: was on the edge - now he’s over it.
text: He accelerates, the trees whipping past him on either side of
text: the lost highway, taking him somewhere, anywhere, away from
dialog: here.
scene_heading: EXT. “COME ON INN’ MOTEL - NIGHT
text: A storm is brewing.
text: Jamie’s car screeches to a halt outside Lipton’s room.
text: He leaps out, charging up to Lipton's door.
text: He pushes on it. It is already open.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: INT. LIPTON’S ROOM, ‘COME ON INN’ MOTEL - CONTINUOS
text: Jamie maneuvers inside the room, careful.
text: He treads. forward.
text: And then he sees it --
text: -- a river of blood tracks through the room, leading from the
text: crawlspace door into the bathroom.
text: Jamie prods the bathroom door open.
text: Lipton is there, TWISTED on the floor - his face grossly
text: contorted. His tongue MISSING.
text: Jamie starts tossing the place, ransacking drawers and
dialog: anything else in his path. Then--
text: -- his eyes land on something and he stops.
text: Sheets of paper on the ground. Police records.
text: A mug-shot of Boz glares up at Jamie, his fingerprints laid
text: out beneath it.
text: Jamie plucks the papers up.
text: As he reads a cover letter from the fax Lipton received, we
text: see the keywords hitting him like darts: “The fingerprints
dialog: found on the axe you turned in match those of Michael ‘Boz’
dialog: Bosley.
text: On a separate line: ‘There is a second set of unidentified
dialog: fingerprints.’
text: Jamie looks up from the papers.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Boz...
text: He spots Lipton‘’s gun on the ground near the crawlspace
text: entrance and snatches it up.
text: He scours around, locating a spare clip of bullets. He takes
text: it, jamming it awkwardly into the gun...
text: ..-and is on the move again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 0
dialog: ut
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE - WIGHT
dialog: Home sweet home.
text: Jamie peers through the gates, which swing in the breeze, the
text: oil-starved hinges moaning. ‘
text: He heaves them open, stepping onte the grounds of the house. |
text: The fog curls up around his legs like tentacles.
text: Thonder cracks in the distance, lightning blinking and
text: illuminating the house.
text: He moves toward the garden shed, which is lit from within.
text: He swallows and cocks the gun.
scene_heading: INT. GARDEN SHED, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jamie swings open the door.
text: The. shed is empty, a lantern creaking as it swings in th
dialog: wind. .
text: Breathing hard, Jamie explores the shed.
text: On the wall, there is a rack of tools, held in place by
text: nails. A hammer, pliers, a set of garden shearse...and a space
dialog: where an AKE should be.
speaker_heading: BOZ'S VOICE (0.5S.)
dialog: Warm...
text: Jamie WHEELS on the voice.
text: It came from outside the shed.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jamie edges outside, surveying the dark garden.
text: Not a soul in sight.
speaker_heading: BOZ’S VOICE {0.S.)
dialog: Warmer...
text: Jamie hones in on the voice - it is coming from directly
text: ahead, amongst the trees.
text: He takes a tentative step toward it, knee-deep in fog.
text: The shadow of a figure begins to take shape in front of him.
dialog: 
text: Jamie stops moving and aims the gun, his hand trembling.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I can see you there, Boz.
dialog: No response.
text: An agonizing beat...then Jamie steps forward again --
text: -- AS BOZ SITS BOLT UPRIGHT OUT OF THE FOG, HIS TONGUE
dialog: MISSING!
text: Ke gags, spitting. blood and gripping his throat. He GRABS
text: Jamie's foot, eyes pleading.
text: We hear the sound of disembodied laughter swirl around Jamie,
text: receding into the distance like a WAKING DREAM.
text: Jamie bends down, trying to help Boz.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No! No!
text: Boz sags in Jamie’s arms as he sucks in his last breaths.
text: He is gone.
text: Jamie fights' tears -- more of anger than anything else.
text: He looks up at the house...
text: «--clenching his teeth and fists.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT DOOR, ASHEN HOUSE ~ NIGHT
text: The front door lumbers open arthritically.
text: Jamie steps inside.
text: The sole sound comes from a distant clock.
text: Jamie edges forward, holding the gun out before him.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL/UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: He climbs the stairs, every creaking floorboard a thunderclap
text: in the dead quiet.
text: At the top of the stairs, a mouth of darkness beckons him to
text: become its food - the hallway.
text: intermittent pools of light are cast by the wall-mounted
text: lamps, receding down the hall.
dialog: 
dialog: oo
text: He creeps forward.
text: Tick, tick, tick. The grandfather clock ahead of him goes
dialog: about its business.
dialog: There is no. other sound...
text: -..then CRUNCH.
text: Jamie looks down.
text: He lifts his foot, the slime of a dead cockroach stretching
text: oe the floor. Several other cockroaches crawl up his
text: He swallows his disgust, flicking the insects away.
text: Another cockroach skitters from underneath a door, then
dialog: another.
text: They are coming from Jamie’s bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE'S BEDRCOM, ASHEN HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The door whines open. Jamie fumbles inside.
text: He surveys the room, his eyes panning across the white sheats
text: which are draped over the furniture in the room.
text: A cockroach appears from under one of the white sheets.
text: Jamie moves towards it, SEIZING the WHITE SHEET and ripping
dialog: it away --
text: -- revealing an old, wooden diaper changing table. A leather
text: bound book sits on top of it.
text: Jamie picks up the book, flipping it open.
text: A lock of hair is taped to the front page.
text: On the next page, an ultrasound photo. Then a tiny footprint.
text: Jamie reads the words written on the front.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (reading from book)
dialog: In memory of Ella and Charles‘
dialog: Ashen's daughter...twelfth of
dialog: August, 2005.
text: He runs his fingers over the diaper changing table.
dialog: 
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: She lost a baby...
text: Jamie sets the book down and tears one of the other white
dialog: sheets ‘away -- .
text: -- to unveil a crib, complete with hanging baby toys,
text: dangling above it like circling vultures.
text: He peers into the crib.
text: A huge pack of cockroaches scatter around the soiled sheets
text: in it, crawling over each other.
text: In the center of the swarm is a jar, filled with a yellowing
dialog: liquid.
text: Jamie shudders with revulsion as he sees what is in the jar -
text: IT IS A FOETUS. Curled into a ball and shriveled.
speaker_heading: THEN-—
text: A noise. It's coming from outside the room.
text: He snaps his head around.
text: It is the sound of someone sobbing.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, ASHEN HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: He steps out of the bedroom, stalking down the hall.
text: The whimpering sobs drift towards him from out of the
text: darkness up ahead.
text: Jamie advances.
text: A light spilling from underneath a door at the end of the
text: hall comes into focus.
text: It is the door to the master bedroom.
text: He approaches it, the crying getting louder as he does.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: And in the dark, dark house...there was a dark, dark room.
text: The door creaks open.
text: Janie slips inside. -
text: He glances around the huge, sparsely furnished room...
speaker_heading: LL
dialog: 10
dialog: ‘o
text: ... past a four-poster bed, shielded by a sheer lace
text: curtain..-past a FIREPLACE, its flames giving off the only
text: light...to a tall, free-standing closet.
text: The sobbing interrupts him again.
text: It as coming from within the closet.
text: The closet doors open a fraction, a thin blade of darkness
text: separating them.
text: Jamie plays statues, staring at the closet. We can hear his
text: heart beat.
text: He treads towards the closet...
dialog: «.-closer...
dialog: +. Closer...
text: -+-standing in front of it. He grips the gun tightly.
dialog: Takes a deep breath --
text: —- and throws open the doors.
text: The chime of coat-hangers greets him.
text: A face grins up at him from the back of the closet.
speaker_heading: BILLY.
text: The sobbing melts into laughter ~ a slow burning cackle.
text: JAMIE FREEZES as he realizes the LAUGHTER is coming from
text: BEHIND him.
text: That’s when a mirror mounted on the inside of the door shows
text: him a terrifying vision.
text: In the reflection, MARY SHAW IS STANDING RIGHT BEHIND HIM!!!
speaker_heading: GRINNING.
text: He whips around to face her.
text: She SNARLS at him, her tongue worming across her chest like a
text: blood soaked eel.
speaker_heading: MARY SHAW
dialog: (in Lisa's voice)
dialog: I ¢an make you scream.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a ,
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No. You don’t scare me.
text: Jamie snatches up BILLY, the dummy.
text: Mary HISSES. at him.
speaker_heading: - JAMIE
dialog: I think you’‘re a bit too old to be
text: playing with dolis.
text: Mary CHARGES at him, arms outstretched --
text: -- as Jamie HURLS the dummy into the fireplace.
text: The flames CONSUME the doll, the paint on its face bubbling
text: and melting as it is scorched.
text: Mary lets out a SHRIEK heard in hell, her body writhing in
dialog: agony...
text: -+.and then she is gone. Her scream fades.
text: Jamie sags into the corner, EXHAUSTED with fear.
text: His breath subsides and he closes his eyes.
text: He finally opens them, looking around the room.
text: There is no sign of Mary. The only sound is the crackle of
text: burning wood.
text: Jamie‘s eyes land on a figure in the corner.
text: It is his father.
text: Sitting upright in his wheelchair, he faces Jamie with the
text: stolid expression of a coma patient, hidden in shadows.
text: Jamie gets up. Slow. Locked on his father.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Dad...
text: No answer is forthcoming. Jamie steps closer to him.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Dad?
text: He steps closer again, reaching his father.
text: Jamie CLUTCHES Charles by the shoulder —- JOSTLING him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad?!
dialog: And then it happens.
text: Charles. flops forward in his wheelchair.
text: Jamie STOPS DEAD. Cannot comprehend what he is seeing.
text: ALL OF THE MEAT HAS BEEN STRIPPED AWAY FROM CHARLES' BACK.
text: INSTEAD OF AN EXPOSED SPINE, THE FLESH HAS BEEN EMBALMED,
text: STITCHED TOGETHER AND STUFFED...LIKE A DOLL.
text: Jamie‘s mind does cartwheels as we FLASH BACK:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: We have returned to an earlier scene, where Jamie first re-
text: united with his father.
text: As Jamie stands and dismisses the pleasantries, we ROTATE
text: around to view the scene from BEHIND Charles and Ella.
text: From here, we see Ella operating Charles like a puppet. As he
text: talks, we ZERO IN to see that it is Ella‘s throat moving,
text: providing Charles’ carcass with a voice.
dialog: . CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: We are back at the dinner table with the Ashen‘s, with Ella
text: spoon-feeding Charles at the head of the table.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Isn’t this wonderful? All of us
dialog: eating dinner here together?
text: As she says this, we ROTATE around her - seeing that the
text: gruel she is shovelling into Charles’ mouth is not being
text: consumed --- but DRIPPING cut of a hole in the back of his
text: head like a leaking pipe.
speaker_heading: cUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE’S APARTMENT - DAY - FLASHBACK
dialog: Back to the beginning.
text: The phone rings and Jamie lets it go to the answering
dialog: machine.
dialog: 
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CHARLES (V.Q.)
dialog: Hello, Jamie.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - DAY - FLASHBACK
text: Ella is on'the other end of the phone, speaking in the voice
dialog: of Charles.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: {as Charles)
dialog: I only want to say two things.
dialog: Please allow me to do so.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT - PRESENT
text: Jamie reels back from his father‘s solidified body, stunned.
text: A shadow FLATS across the wall behind him and he whips
text: around. There is a presence in the room. Jamie follows it
text: with his eyes until his gaze lands on a figure, lying on the
text: bed beyond the lace curtain.
text: We see the shadow fall into the figure, which then sucks in a
text: huge breath, sitting up.
text: It is Ella. She is smiling at Jamie. A motherly smile.
text: She climbs out of the bed, walking towards Jamie.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: You don’t have to be afraid of him.
dialog: He can’t hurt you anymore.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, ASHEN HOUSE ~ NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: A SPOTLIGHT illuminates Ella, looking very pregnant.
dialog: We are seeing this in the same style in which we saw the Mary
text: Shaw poem in the opening scene. .
text: As in Mary’s story, a man steps into the light and begins
text: attacking the pregnant woman - though this time it is CHARLES
text: striking Ella.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT — PRESENT
text: SLOW MOTION: Jamie backs away from Ella, shocked.
text: He turns and runs, bursting through into --
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, ASHEN HODSE - CONTINUOUS
dialog: -- the corridor.
text: SLOW MOTION: As he runs, we hear Ella's voice-over running
text: over a series of images which MIRROR Mary’s story in the
text: epening scene - all played out in the harsh beam of a
dialog: spotlight.
speaker_heading: ELLA (V.0.)
dialog: He hurt a woman named Ella once,
dialog: and she lost her baby.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT ~ FLASHBACK
text: We are in Jamie's bedroom -- only now it looks more like a
dialog: nursery.
text: Ella is curled in a ball in the corner, weeping, clutching a
text: child’s doll.
speaker_heading: ELLA (V.0.)
dialog: After that, she went a little
dialog: mad...and started hearing my voice.
dialog: . CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARDEN SHED, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Ella takes an axe from the wall of Boz’s shed.
speaker_heading: ELLA (V.0.)
text: My voice calling out to her...
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARY‘S LIVING AREA, GUIGNOL THEATRE ~ NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Ella swings the axe, smashing the lock on the trunk which
text: contains the ventriloquist doll.
speaker_heading: ELLA (V.0.)
dialog: ~.-telling her that it could give
dialog: her the one thing she wanted more
dialog: than anything...
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT - PRESENT
text: SLOW MOTION: Jamie runs down the stairs.
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 104,
speaker_heading: ELLA (V.0.)
dialog: ++-a family.
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Ella stands above the erib, cradling Billy in her arms. i
text: We see an APPARITION rise from within Billy - ENTERING Ella's
text: body through every orifice in her face...
scene_heading: ..-POSSESSING HER.
speaker_heading: ELLA (V.O CONT'D)
text: Now Ella is no more.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Charles shaves with a straight razor.
text: Charles spins around to see Mary Shaw. He SCREAMS - his
text: tongue EJECTING from his mouth.
speaker_heading: cur TC:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT - PRESENT
text: Jamie reaches the front door, desperate.
speaker_heading: ELLA (V.0.)
dialog: The murder of your wife brought you
dialog: back here to this house...
text: Jamie suddenly FREEZES.
text: He turns slowly to his right, staring off into the living
text: room. Pure HORROR spreads across his face - whatever he is
text: looking at, it must be a vision of Hell.
speaker_heading: ELLA (V.0.)
dialog: +«sbut now I need you to be the
dialog: perfect child. For a perfect
dialog: family.
text: We see what Jamie is looking at.
dialog: If Is LISA.
text: Her decomposed CORPSE is sitting up on a chair. Rotting dress
text: clinging to her body. Flesh shrivelled and pale. Mouth gaping
dialog: open.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Jamie SCREAMS - a primeval cry from somewhere in the abyss.
text: WE CLOSE IN on his mouth until it swallows us whole...
text: +.»plunging us into darkness.
text: We hear Jamie's scream being CUT SHORT by a FLESHY, WET,
text: RIPPING SOUND, followed by THROATY GURGLING.
dialog: And then nothing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
dialog: We are back where we began.
text: Two figures, hidden in shadow.
text: A mother reading to her son before bed, by candle light.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: .-.but should you ever see her,
dialog: and your knees go weak,
dialog: and you forget,
dialog: to hold in your shriek,
dialog: remember these words,
dialog: that I have sung -
dialog: it won't be the cat,
dialog: that's got your tongue.
text: This time, we move in close enough to see that the woman on
text: the edge of the bed is ELLA.
speaker_heading: BOY (0.5.)
dialog: So what do I do if Mary Shaw comes
dialog: to visit me?
text: Ella laughs. She’s enjoying this.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: There's only one thing that can
dialog: stop her.
text: She picks up the candle beside the bed, leaning a little
dialog: closer to the boy...
dialog: -.-who we now see is not a boy, but--
speaker_heading: -- JAMIE.
text: He lies still on the bed. Eyes open. Unblinking.
text: A young man, once alive, now just EMBALMED FLESE filled with
text: sawdust.
text: A HUMAN DOLL.
text: Through Ella’s ventriloquisn, a voice seems to escape his
text: cold, dead, tongueless mouth.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: (in Jamie‘’s voice)
dialog: What's that, mother?
text: Ella whispers for emphasis.
speaker_heading: ELLA
dialog: Silence...
text: And with one breath, she blows out the candle...
dialog: «»-plunging us into darkness.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
