text: DEATH TO SMOOCHY
dialog: by
dialog: Adam Resnick
dialog: December 2000
dialog: Early Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: BEGIN CREDITS
scene_heading: EXT. KIDNET STUDIO -C - EVENING
text: A man in a puffy foam-rubber rhinoceros costume dancing
text: under the bright friendly lights of a television studio.
text: Another rhino and various foam-rubber animals dance
text: behind him to the happy MUSIC. The rhino finishes his
text: number and takes a bow. A bleacher full of kids bursts
text: into wild applause.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - MOMENTS LATER
text: After the taping. The rhino lumbers down the hallway
text: toward wardrobe. He is suddenly grabbed by two large men
text: and dragged out through the exit into...
scene_heading: INT. DARK PARKING GARAGE
text: ... where several thugs in overcoats emerge from the
text: shadows and start beating him with lead pipes. One of
text: the men pulls out a GUN and SHOOTS the rhino several
text: times. The SHOTS REVERBERATE through the empty garage.
speaker_heading: FINAL CREDIT:
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: ONE YEAR EARLIER
speaker_heading: FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO - DAY
text: It's the taping of another children's show -- "Rainbow
text: Randolph and the Krinkle Kids." RANDOLPH SMILEY, a
text: clean-cut man with a happy face and yellow bow tie,
text: dances through Rainbowland with the "Krinkle Kids"
text: (little people in top hats). He sings one of his
dialog: signature songs: "Friends Come In All Sizes." One of
text: the main Krinkle Kids -- ANGELO PIKE -- dances behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Friends come in all sizes
dialog: That's a fact! It's True!
dialog: All colors of the rainbow
dialog: from Mauve to Blue...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH (CONT'D)
dialog: Their names may not be different
dialog: and their shoes may not match
dialog: One might say 'grasp' while the
dialog: other says 'snatch'
dialog: Some like to toss while others
dialog: like to caaaaatch... Beeee-
dialog: caaaause...
dialog: Friends come in all sizes
dialog: Take it from me! Golly Gee! Size
dialog: never matters when you want some
dialog: friendly patter
dialog: From a pal who is true and can
dialog: lift you when you're blue
dialog: You can count on him and he can
dialog: count on yoooouuuu!
dialog: It's true... that...
dialog: (big finish)
dialog: Friends come in all sizes!'
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MONTAGE - RAINBOW RANDOLPH MERCHANDISE
text: "Sugar Rainbows Cereal," plastic toys lined up on store
text: shelves, kids playing with Randolph dolls, kids eating
dialog: "Rainbow Potato Chips" and "Rainbow Candies." A "Rainbow
text: Burster," a kind of gun that shoots plastic rainbows.
dialog: Marquees announcing upcoming live appearances, etc. We
dialog: get the picture. Rainbow Randolph is the king of the
dialog: kid shows.
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY-LIT BAR - NIGHT
text: A suburban-looking HUSBAND and WIFE enter. They find
text: Rainbow Randolph sitting alone, drinking a Scotch. Hair
text: slicked back, sans bow tie, the friendly face no longer
text: looks so friendly. He nods for them to sit down. After
text: a nervous beat, the Husband puts a briefcase on the table
text: and slides it to Randolph. Randolph takes a gulp of his
text: Scotch. He unsnaps the briefcase and opens it. Five
text: grand stares him in the face.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: So... uh... you'll make sure my
dialog: boy dances up front, right? Where
dialog: he'll get the most camera time?
text: Randolph slams the briefcase shut, startling the couple.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You want your kid on the show?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Of... of course.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Yes, very much.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Then don't tell me how to run my
dialog: fucking business.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: No, no, we were just --
text: Randolph rises. He takes a final gulp of his Scotch and
text: picks up the briefcase.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I'll call you if a spot opens up.
text: He starts to walk off. Suddenly, the Husband and Wife
text: jump up from the table holding guns.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Freeze, you cocksucker!
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Drop the briefcase!
text: Federal agents storm into the bar and surround Randolph.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - DAWN
text: Bundles of the morning editions are tossed onto the curb
text: from passing trucks. The various headlines blare:
scene_heading: "RAINBOW RANDOLPH BUSTED ACCEPTING BRIBE"
text: "FCC PROBES KID SHOW BIZ"
scene_heading: "CORRUPTION IN KRINKLELAND"
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO - DAY
text: The Rainbow Randolph/Krinkle Kid set is being dismantled.
text: Backdrops are rolled up and the giant rainbow centerpiece
text: is wheeled off. Workers with push brooms sweep up tons
text: of glittery "magic Rainbow dust."
scene_heading: INT. NETWORK BOARDROOM - KIDNET - DAY
text: We are TIGHT ON the sweating face of a MAN who looks like
text: he's about to be executed.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: STOKES
text: is standing at the end of a long conference table as the
text: NETWORK BRASS glares at him.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: (addressing the brass)
dialog: Gentlemen, let me be the first to
dialog: say, in all sobriety, that I'm as
text: shocked and outraged as all of --
text: The network CEO, a hog of a man, cuts him off.
dialog: CEO
dialog: Save it for the papers, Stokes.
dialog: We've got nervous sponsors and an
dialog: angry public -- a combination
dialog: uglier than two monkeys fucking.
dialog: What are you doing about it?
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Well, sir, I'm currently in the
dialog: process of compiling a list of
dialog: viable replacements and it's my
dialog: hope...
dialog: CEO
dialog: Clean replacements? With
dialog: background checks? I assure you,
dialog: Mr. Stokes, this network cannot
dialog: survive another Rainbow Randolph.
dialog: The goddamn P.R. department looks
dialog: like the Jim Jones camp.
text: Another EXECUTIVE chimes in.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #1
dialog: Remember, Stokes, this was your
dialog: dog that crapped on our rug.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #2
dialog: We trusted you, Frank. And now
dialog: we're in a tight spot. We have to
dialog: post our quarterly earnings next
dialog: month, for Christ's sake.
dialog: CEO
dialog: Whoever takes that slot has to be
text: a straight arrow. Clean as a
dialog: whistle.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #3
dialog: Right. Someone who'll take the
dialog: heat off. One of those sweater
dialog: types. Any chance of luring Fred
dialog: Rogers away from P.B.S.?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #4
dialog: Yeah, if we back up the Brinks
dialog: truck.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #1
dialog: No way. The idea now is to stop
text: the hemorrhaging.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #2
dialog: You better fix this, Stokes. Get
dialog: us a white bread replacement,
dialog: fast. Bland, milk toast. Not a
text: speck of controversy.
text: A giant hand slams on the table. All heads snap.
text: The CEO drags his fingers along the shiny mahogany.
text: Deafening sound.
dialog: CEO
dialog: (calm and measured)
dialog: Squeaky fucking clean.
scene_heading: INT. STOKES' OFFICE - DAY
text: Stokes sits behind his mahogany desk, sipping a glass of
text: wine as he goes over potential Randolph replacements with
text: NORA BISHOP, his pretty protege.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Bumble Bee Billy?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (reading from a list)
dialog: Wife beater.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Square Dance Danny?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Still appealing the mail fraud
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Skippy Black and the Tippy Trolls?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Black was deported, and the
dialog: trolls... well, who gives a shit.
text: Nora kicks the table in frustration.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: This is impossible. If I ever see
dialog: that Rainbow Randolph again I'll
dialog: strangle him. Choke the life out
text: of him. Squeeze his scrawny neck
text: until his eyes pop out of his
text: skull and bounce off the walls...
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Before indulging such cheery
dialog: fantasies, let's just concentrate
dialog: on saving my job. Shall we?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Sorry, Frank.
text: Stokes flips through a thick stack of files. He suddenly
text: stops at one.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: What's going on with Sheldon Mopes
dialog: these days.
text: Nora laughs.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Oh my God. Have we sunk to that
dialog: level already? Smoochy the Rhino?
dialog: What a sap.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Sap's just the pill we need right
text: now. Mopes is a straight arrow.
dialog: Always has been.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: The guy can't get arrested, Frank.
dialog: He can't even break into the
dialog: birthday party circuit. Last I
dialog: heard he was working hospitals and
dialog: nursing homes. He's a joke.
text: Stokes stands up and walks around the room.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: The truth of the matter is, a
dialog: successful children's show has
dialog: always depended on two simple
text: elements: a fuzzy costume and a
dialog: lot of hype. Strip away the foam
dialog: rubber and the network money and
dialog: they're all jokes. Marginal
dialog: talents.. cabaret acts... off-
dialog: Broadway runoff...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I probably have ten acts in my
dialog: development file -- acts I've been
dialog: cultivating -- that are more
dialog: deserving than Sheldon Mopes.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: And each one a moral question
dialog: mark. Something I can't risk at
dialog: the moment.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: We can do better than this guy,
text: Frank. He brings nothing to the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Except ethics. With Mopes,
dialog: there's never been a whiff of
dialog: controversy. The man's an
dialog: ethical, harmless, cornball. In
text: short, a glass of milk on two
dialog: legs.
text: Stokes stops pacing.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Don't ask me to do it. You know
dialog: I'll do anything for you, but
dialog: please... not this...
text: Stokes gazes out the window at the city.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Go find Smoochy.
scene_heading: EXT. CONEY ISLAND - EARLY EVENING
text: The lighted Ferris wheel spins CENTER FRAME. We CRANE
text: DOWN and eventually LAND ON a side street with the
text: amusement park looming in the b.g. We're in FRONT of a
text: small building. The half-lit neon sign reads: CONEY
text: ISLAND METHADONE CENTER. We DRIFT THROUGH the double
text: doors THROUGH the reception area where random junkies
text: loiter and fill out paperwork. We CONTINUE DOWN a
text: narrow hallway as the faint sound of someone SINGING and
text: playing the GUITAR INCREASES. We finally burst THROUGH
text: another set of doors marked "Treatment Room." The
text: singing now fills our ears as we PUSH IN ON the
text: "performer" -- a big, puffy, orange rhinoceros. Smoochy.
text: Or to be more specific, SHELDON MOPES.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Smoochy sits on a stool with his guitar and sings to the
text: patients as they stand in line before a sliding glass
text: window, where a nurse hands each person a little cup of
text: methadone which they immediately drink.
text: The Smoochy costume is a mass of misshapen orange foam
text: rubber that exposes Sheldon's painted face in the front.
text: A multi-colored horn protrudes from his forehead.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY (SHELDON)
dialog: (singing to the tune
dialog: of 'She'll be Comin'
dialog: round the Mountain')
dialog: 'We'll get that monkey off your
dialog: back,
dialog: Yes we will, yes we will
dialog: We'll get that monkey off your
dialog: back,
dialog: Yes we will...'
dialog: 'We'll get that monkey off your
dialog: back
dialog: And get your life right back on
dialog: track
dialog: If you'll just give up the smack
dialog: Yes you will, yes you will!!'
text: The song ends. A few baffled junkies applaud.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Thanks, fellas. I'm rooting for
dialog: you!
text: We PAN AWAY FROM Sheldon TO the exit. Standing there in
text: her coat, looking mortified, is Nora.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: Nora sits in the reception area. Sheldon emerges in his
text: street clothes. He carries Smoochy's body on a hanger
text: over his shoulder and carries a large shopping bag which
text: holds Smoochy's head.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Mr. Mopes?
text: Sheldon stops.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I, uh, saw your performance
dialog: tonight. Very...
dialog: (searching)
dialog: ... spirited.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Really? Thanks. I would've done
dialog: a longer set if that guy hadn't
text: pulled a knife on the security
dialog: guard. Once the pepper spray
dialog: starts flyin', that's it for the
text: encores.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yes, that did put a damper on the
dialog: evening, didn't it?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Are you a new patient? On the
dialog: juice, as we say?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Ah, no. But it's sweet of you to
dialog: assume so.
text: She hands him her card. He reads it.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: 'Nora Bishop. V.P. of
dialog: Development. Kidnet.'
dialog: (to Nora)
dialog: Good gravy. You work for Kidnet?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: As stated.
text: Sheldon grabs her hand and shakes it.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, it's a pleasure to meet you,
dialog: Nora. A real honor. Hey, you
dialog: hungry?
scene_heading: EXT. CONEY ISLAND BOARDWALK - NATHAN'S HOT DOGS - SHORT
speaker_heading: WHILE LATER
text: Sheldon and Nora stand at the crowded counter at
text: Nathan's. Sheldon ravenously eats his sloppily-
text: garnished, oddly colored hot dog. Nora winces as
text: she watches him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (with full mouth)
dialog: Soy dogs... never thought I'd
dialog: live to see the day. Organic,
dialog: rich in natural protein, and
dialog: nobody gets killed. Although I
dialog: do feel bad for the beans. Just
dialog: kidding. Sure you don't want one?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Believe it or not, no.
text: He takes another bite.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: So anyway, like I was saying,
dialog: people always tell me, 'You gotta
dialog: network, Sheldon... you gotta sell
dialog: yourself... or you'll be playing
dialog: the drug clinics and shopping
dialog: centers the rest of your life.'
dialog: And you know what I tell 'em?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I haven't the foggiest.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I tell 'em, it's not about the old
text: handshake and back slap game.
dialog: It's not about adding fuel to the
dialog: shlock machine. It's about doing
dialog: good work. Having integrity.
dialog: Making people happy and delivering
dialog: a positive message. Foundations
dialog: are built with concrete, not
dialog: plaster of Paris!
text: He pulls the stained, misshapen Smoochy head from the
dialog: shopping bag.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: This is concrete! This is
dialog: integrity!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I can see that.
text: Sheldon realizes his voice was getting too loud.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Sorry. As you can imagine, living
dialog: by your convictions can be a
text: little stressful at times.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: We all have our cross to bear.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: See, I was raised by my
dialog: grandfather, and Grandpop paved
dialog: driveways for a living...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Are we going into a story?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Thing is, he didn't really pave
dialog: them. Just covered them with
dialog: black paint. Of course, once the
dialog: first rain came along, people
dialog: realized they'd been swindled. I
dialog: vowed to myself back then that I'd
dialog: never make a living through
dialog: deception. Never. Whadda ya
dialog: think of them apples?
text: Nora looks glassy-eyed. She takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: The reason I'm here today, Mr.
dialog: Mopes, as fate would have it,
dialog: Kidnet is currently looking for a
dialog: performer with... convictions.
dialog: And integrity. Someone like...
text: She almost chokes on the word.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: ... yourself.
text: Sheldon laughs.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Yeah, right. Got any more jokes?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I don't think I could top that
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Hold the phone. You're telling me
dialog: that Kidnet is finally ready to do
dialog: a show of Smoochy quality? Of
dialog: Smoochy caliber?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Yes... I believe we're ready to
dialog: push ourselves to that level.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I knew this day would come!
dialog: After all these years I finally
dialog: meet someone in the business who
dialog: gets what I do. Who gets what I'm
dialog: all about. You get me, don't you,
dialog: Nora?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I'm afraid so.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, Miss V.P. of Development...
dialog: let's go make history!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: PREP MONTAGE
text: KIDNET STUDIO WARDROBE ROOM. A team of designers and
text: seamstresses cut, sew and shape endless sheets of orange
text: foam rubber. Sheldon stands on a wooden box as he's
text: measured from head to toe. On the wall is a blueprint
text: labeled "Smoochy the Rhino -- REDESIGN."
text: A costume designer walks over with the new Smoochy head
text: and places it on Sheldon.
text: As seamstresses fit him with the new Smoochy costume,
text: various signs and billboards FLOAT THROUGH the FRAME,
text: trumpeting copy like: "IT'S ALMOST SMOOCHY TIME!"
text: "GET READY TO BE SMOOCHED, AMERICA!" "ONLY TWO MORE
text: WEEKS TILL SMOOCHY!"
scene_heading: KIDNET STUDIO -C.
text: Sets, props, and camera equipment are rolled into the
text: studio. Through a SERIES of DISSOLVES we see the
text: Smoochyland Magic Jungle take shape.
scene_heading: KIDNET STUDIO -C - LATER
text: A choreographer maps out a number for Smoochy and the
dialog: "Rhinettes." (The Rhinettes are the former Krinkle Kid
text: little people with horns strapped to their foreheads.)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Nora and Stokes watch from the wings with a mixture of
text: uncertainty and disgust.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE BACK TO:
speaker_heading: WARDROBE ROOM
text: A seamstress zips up the back of the finished, redesigned
text: Smoochy costume. Sheldon stands proudly before the
dialog: design team. Smoochy is now television ready: smoothed
text: out, more colorful, less lumpy and exuding sunshiny
dialog: happiness.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: STUDIO -C - BACKSTAGE
text: Smoochy is about to enter with the Rhinettes. ANGELO, a
text: former Krinkle Kid, stands beside him.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Angelo, you were always my favorite
dialog: Krinkle Kid. The way you'd click
dialog: your heels during the 'Jellybean
dialog: Jam.' Real artistry. I'm honored
dialog: to have you as a Rhinette.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: A job's a job.
scene_heading: STUDIO -C - PRACTICE TAPING
text: Suddenly lights up in all its multi-colored Smoochyland
text: glory. The bleachers are full of children.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, kids! Who's your favorite
dialog: rhino?
text: The kids in the bleachers all scream in unison.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Smoochy!
text: Smoochy bounds out on stage followed by the Rhinettes who
text: form a dancing circle around him.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Hiya, kids!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Hi, Smoochy!
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: It's gonna be a fantabulous day in
dialog: Smoochyland!!
text: The kids cheer as Smoochy and the Rhinettes featuring Angelo
dialog: Pike, go into their "It's a Fantabulous Day in Smoochyland"
text: number -- a catchy, bouncy song and dance routine that plays out
text: in the sugar-coated jungle of Smoochyland.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Ohhhh... it's a fantabulous day
dialog: in Smoochy-land/Let's have a great
dialog: big cheer for the Smoochy-land
dialog: band/We'll dance with our jungle
dialog: pals, won't that be grand/Oh, it's
text: a fantabulous day in Smoochy-
dialog: land!'
text: Smoochy dances right UP TO the CAMERA, FILLING the FRAME
text: with his friendly, puffy face.
text: END of prep MONTAGE.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK BY RIVER - NIGHT (POURING RAIN)
text: A disheveled Randolph paces on a deserted dock. The
text: Brooklyn Bridge looms in the b.g. A car pulls up in the
text: b.g. Stokes gets out. Randolph moves under an awning.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I was starting to think that maybe
dialog: you weren't coming.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: I agreed to meet you, didn't I? I
dialog: had a dinner engagement.
text: Randolph takes a swig from a flask.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Really? You know, I used to have
dialog: dinner engagements. Sometimes
dialog: four, five a night. Dinner...
dialog: drinks... I was the toast of the
dialog: fucking town.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Don't start, Randolph. Please.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (voice rising)
dialog: Cars, boats, whores and horses, I
dialog: had 'em all. When I walked into a
dialog: restaurant, ten guys reached for
dialog: my hat. When I stood up to take a
dialog: piss, they cleared the rest room.
dialog: I'd walk down the street and
text: traffic stopped, mouths gaped.
dialog: You know why? You know why,
dialog: Frank?
dialog: (now shouting)
dialog: I was Rainbow fucking Randolph!
dialog: That's why!
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Are you through?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: What? You're in a hurry? You
dialog: don't have time for me? The guy
dialog: who earned for you? The guy who
dialog: put those fucking suits on your
text: back and the pheasant au vin in
dialog: your Brooklyn mouth?
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: I think it's fair to say we helped
dialog: each other.
text: Randolph suddenly breaks down.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: You gotta fix it, Frank. You
dialog: gotta get me my slot back.
text: He now clings to Stokes' lapels.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: How can I sit around while that
dialog: rhinoceros... that horned
text: carpetbagger gets a free ride on
dialog: my dime? You and I have history,
dialog: Frank! Please!
text: Stokes pries Randolph's hands from his overcoat.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: There's nothing I can do for you.
dialog: Nothing. You're a pariah. I
dialog: can't even be seen with you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Don't do this to me, Frank. I'm in
dialog: deep, deep shit. They kicked me out
dialog: of the corporate penthouse... I got
text: bookies breathing down my neck.
dialog: I'm homeless! Don't you hear what
dialog: I'm saying? I'm not gonna make it!
dialog: The clock's ticking! Put yourself
dialog: in my shoes, for Christ's sake!
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: The ugly truth is, your shoes have
dialog: become my shoes. As long as the
dialog: rhino's on the air, everything's
dialog: by the book. No skim, no
dialog: percentage. Nothing. The network
dialog: wanted squeaky clean and they got
dialog: it. And believe me, Mopes is
dialog: sparkling.
text: He looks Randolph squarely in the eye.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: You're totally broke? You don't
dialog: have a dime left to your name?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Yes! Exactly! That's what I'm
dialog: trying to tell you!
text: Randolph looks at him hopefully as Stokes straightens his
dialog: tie.
speaker_heading: STOKE
dialog: Don't contact me again, Randy.
dialog: Ever.
text: Stokes walks off. Randolph watches him disappear through
text: the mist.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You'll get yours, Frank! The rhino
dialog: too! Do you hear me?! The wheels
dialog: are turning!
text: Stokes is gone. Randolph takes a swig from his flask and
text: wipes his chin with his sleeve. He stares out at the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (quietly to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Sooner or later, even a guy who's
text: squeaky clean falls into mud.
scene_heading: THUNDER CLAP.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - HIGH OVERHEAD SHOT
text: of the docks as Randolph stands alone before the river.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. NORA BISHOP'S OFFICE - CLOSE ON LITTLE MECHANICAL
scene_heading: SMOOCHY THE RHINO - DAY
text: as it erratically limps forward before DROPPING OUT OF
speaker_heading: FRAME.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: The wind-up Smoochy lays upside-down on the carpet next
text: to Nora's desk, legs grinding lamely in the air. Various
text: Smoochy items are spread out on her desk top. A
text: restless-looking Sheldon and a few members of Nora's
text: staff are in on the meeting.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Again, these are just prototypes.
dialog: I've been assured by FunZone that
dialog: all the bugs will be worked out
dialog: before Christmas.
text: Sheldon raises his hand. Nora ignores him and looks at
dialog: her watch.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Okay, so let's recap before we
dialog: break up...
dialog: (refers to notes)
dialog: Yes to the Smoochy ice pops. No to
dialog: the Smoochy string cheese. And
dialog: we're in a dick-measuring contest
dialog: with Brown &amp; Brown over the
text: shampoo split.
text: Sheldon suddenly stands up.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Okay, time out, people! If I may
dialog: interject, I think we're putting
dialog: the cart before the horse here...
text: Nora throws him an icy look.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Smoochy's still earning the trust
dialog: of the kids. We don't want to
dialog: compromise that by asking them to
dialog: buy shampoo and cheese. How 'bout we
dialog: just concentrate on doing the best
dialog: show possible. Huh? Without all
text: the bells and whistles and
dialog: rickata-rackita. What do you say,
dialog: guys?
text: Nora casually picks up a Smoochy Frisbee from her desk
text: and sails it toward the open door. It lands in the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (monotone)
dialog: Oh, damn.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: No problem, I'll get it.
text: He walks out to the hallway.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (to staffer)
dialog: Shut the door please, John.
text: John shuts the door.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Now lock it.
text: He locks it.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. KIDNET BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Nora emerges from the revolving door of the Kidnet
text: building which is located in the heart of Times Square
text: and heads down Broadway. Sheldon emerges from the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Hey, Nora, wait up.
text: She keeps walking. Sheldon catches up and walks
text: alongside her, occasionally getting jostled by passersby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Good meeting today. I thought we
dialog: tackled some hot issues.
dialog: Although, I'll be honest, there
dialog: were a few times that I felt my
text: voice wasn't being heard.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I think that's a conservative
dialog: estimate.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I just want the show to have some
dialog: weight, you know? Some substance.
dialog: Silly songs, sure -- but with a
dialog: message. Pop quiz: How many
dialog: original compositions are in the
dialog: Smoochy songbook?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Do you sense my complete lack of
dialog: interest?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Try two thousand. Covering every
dialog: topic from how yummy vegetables
dialog: are to the importance of donating
dialog: plasma. Don't you get it, Nora?
dialog: I'm a valuable resource. Use me.
text: Nora stops. She looks Sheldon in the eye for the first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Can I make this real easy for you?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: The only reason you're on TV right
dialog: now is because Rainbow Randolph is
dialog: a degenerate scumbag. I didn't
dialog: discover you, I delivered you.
dialog: Like a bag of groceries. I have a
dialog: bigger emotional investment in my
dialog: nail polish. So don't peddle your
dialog: sap to me, rhino. Your job is
dialog: just to smile and nod your head.
text: She walks off.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. PATSY'S - NIGHT
text: Sheldon sits at the bar in the restaurant, nursing a
text: drink and talking to the BARTENDER. He seems slightly
dialog: drunk.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: ... No, no, you misunderstand me.
dialog: It's not that I'm literally
dialog: comparing Captain Kangaroo to
dialog: Jesus Christ. I'm just saying
dialog: that the Captain, like Christ, was
dialog: someone you could believe in.
dialog: Those guys didn't care about bells
text: and whistles and rickita-rackata.
dialog: It was all about the work.
dialog: Especially Jesus. Forget about
dialog: it.
text: The Bartender nods and starts to pour Sheldon another
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (waving him off)
dialog: That's okay, my good man. Three's
dialog: my limit.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I never saw anyone get loaded on
dialog: orange juice before.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Back in my college days I could
text: put away a carton of the stuff.
text: A sharply-dressed man, BURKE BENNETT, sits down next to
dialog: Sheldon.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (to Bartender)
dialog: Gimme a Five Crown.
text: The Bartender nods. He looks over at Sheldon.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Smoochy the Rhino. Wow. I'm a
dialog: big fan.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (flattered)
dialog: Gee, thanks. I usually don't get
dialog: recognized without my horn.
text: Burke extends his hand.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Burke Bennett. I represent kid
dialog: show talent.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. PATSY'S - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: Sheldon and Burke now sit at a corner table.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Look, Shel, Frank Strokes ain't in
dialog: the business to make you rich.
dialog: He's in it to make Frank Stokes
dialog: rich. That's how these network
dialog: goons operate.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: That's so sad. Is it just me, or
dialog: is that sad?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You know, years ago, a client of
dialog: mine, Dicky Gimble, was having a
dialog: problem...
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Wow, you represented Dicky Gimble?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Yeah, before the asshole found
dialog: religion. Anyway, Stokes was
dialog: trying to screw my boy out of some
dialog: merchandising points. Claimed he
dialog: had a warehouse full of Dicky
text: dolls that weren't moving. Now
dialog: Frank and I are old friends, so I
dialog: say to him, 'Okay, cock, show me
dialog: the warehouse' -- see, I know the
dialog: fucking warehouse is in the Bronx,
dialog: and I know it's emptier than my
text: wife's head.
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: To make a long story short, I walk
dialog: out with a check for a hundred
text: grand and Stokes is sitting there
text: with his thumb up his ass.
text: Burke laughs.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: That's very amusing, but I don't
dialog: care about Smoochy dolls and
dialog: Smoochy floor wax... I just want
dialog: more creative input. This rhino
dialog: came from my womb. I bore him, I
dialog: nursed him, and dammit...
text: He pounds his fist on the table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I should be the one who raises
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Shel, it's all about the dough.
dialog: After you get the money, you get
dialog: the power. And after you get the
dialog: power, you can have Smoochy walk
dialog: on stage with a hard-on if you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: It's funny, that never crossed my
dialog: mind.
text: Burke downs the rest of his drink and stands up.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Unfortunately, until then...
dialog: you're just another puppet in the
dialog: prop room.
text: He hands Sheldon his card.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Give me a call when you're ready,
dialog: kid. I'll cut the strings and
dialog: open the magic door for you.
scene_heading: EXT. PATSY'S - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Randolph peers through the restaurant's front window. He
text: shivers from the cold as he watches Sheldon and Burke
text: shake hands. Burke heads for the exit. Randolph quickly
text: ducks into the shadows. A moment later, Burke exits the
text: club and walks down the street. Randolph pops out.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I saw you! I saw you in there...
dialog: at my table... talking to him.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Yeah, so what do you want? A
dialog: parade?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You're my agent! Or did you
dialog: forget that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Not anymore, pal. You're a
dialog: cigarette butt. Go lay in the
text: gutter.
text: Burke walks off.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: In the litter-strewn alley, we PAN ACROSS several grocery
text: bags, broken egg shells, flour bags, butter wrappers,
text: mixing bowls and other baking ingredients. The PAN ENDS
text: ON Randolph, who stands over a barrel fire, holding a
text: spatula. A cookie sheet rests on the barrel. Randolph
text: removes the cookie sheet and gazes at it gleefully. We
text: now see that the cookies are phallic-shaped.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Ah! They're beautiful! A perfect
dialog: batch of cock cookies for a very
dialog: special rhino.
text: He sets the tray aside.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Oh yes, you're going to learn
dialog: about shame, my dear Smoochy. And
dialog: I'm your professor.
text: He laughs.
scene_heading: INT. KIDNET STUDIO - STAGE B - DAY
text: It's thirty minutes before a Smoochy taping. Dozens of
text: giddy children are led into the studio where they take
text: seats on the bleachers.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Sheldon, in the Smoochy costume, sans head, lumbers up to
text: Nora. He holds a rundown for that day's show.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Excuse me, Nora. Why was the
dialog: 'Please and Thank You Song' cut?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Because it's sappy and it takes
dialog: away from the 'Cookie Song.'
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Takes away? It enhances it! The
text: cookie song is a meaningless piece
dialog: of fluff without the 'Please and
dialog: Thank You' coda! That's the moral
dialog: anchor! That's where the lesson
dialog: is! You can't sell the sizzle
dialog: without the steak!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It's cut. And I want the 'Cookie
dialog: Song' lyrics changed back to the
dialog: way they were originally scripted.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I can't do that. I will not
dialog: condone children consuming endless
dialog: amounts of refined sugar. I have
dialog: to look myself in the mirror every
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: This is network television, not a
dialog: sprout farm. We're here to sell
dialog: sugar and plastic. That's what
text: keeps the lights on.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You're treating me like a puppet.
dialog: You know that? Well, guess
dialog: what? I am not your puppet.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Since when? Now get your spongy
dialog: orange ass out there and dance
dialog: for the cameras.
text: An angry Sheldon storms off in frustration, but then
text: stops. He looks back at her.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: We have different eyes, Nora.
dialog: When I go out there I see kids.
dialog: You see wallets with pigtails.
text: He moves on. Nora stares at him as he walks away. He
text: obviously got to her. As Sheldon heads toward the
text: studio, he doesn't notice the two beady eyes staring
text: at him from under the stairwell. After a beat,
text: Randolph emerges and slinks backstage. He's
text: clutching a duffle bag.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. PROP ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Randolph sneaks into the prop room and shuts the door.
text: He scurries over to the prop shelf and locates Smoochy's
text: multicolored "magic cookie bag." He opens it and tosses
text: the cookies into the trash can. Reaching into his
text: pockets, he pulls out his special homemade cookies. He
text: chuckles as he dumps them into the magic cookie bag.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Bon soir, la Smoochy. Welcome to
dialog: fatty Arbuckle-land.
text: He cackles to himself. He then notices a box in the
text: corner of the room. Scribbled in magic marker on the
text: side are the words: "Rainbow Randolph crap." He walks
text: over and pulls the box out. He slowly opens the flaps.
text: Inside is his old costume. He pulls it out and clutches
text: it lovingly. He smells it. The ECHOEY SOUND of his
text: THEME SONG comes flooding back to him for a moment,
text: along with the sound of CHILDREN LAUGHING.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (softly to himself)
dialog: Don't worry, little ones. Rainbow
dialog: Randolph will return...
dialog: (with rising anger)
dialog: After these messages!
text: He holds up Smoochy's magic cookie bag. He then stuffs
text: his old costume into his duffle bag.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO B - LATER
text: The "Smoochy Show" is in the middle of a taping. The
text: Smoochyland Band is playing a fast, jazzy number ("Doin'
text: the Jiggy Ziggy") as Smoochy, the Rhinettes, and several
text: kids dance frenetically. The kids in the bleachers are
text: in hysterics as Smoochy shakes his body spastically. The
text: song finally ends. The kids in the bleachers jump to
text: their feet, cheering and applauding.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Boy, all that jiggyin' and
dialog: ziggyin' sure makes a fella
dialog: hungry! Now if only I had my
dialog: super duper, super secret, super
dialog: special...
text: The kids in the bleachers erupt in unison:
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Magic Cookie Bag!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Right-o-riffic!
dialog: (looks skyward)
dialog: Magic Cookie Bag, I command thee!
dialog: Come to your lord and master!
text: The lights dim as the Smoochyland Band plays the "2001
text: theme." Smoochy's Magic Cookie Bag is lowered from the
text: ceiling by a filament wire. The kids go crazy.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Lookie, lookie, lookie, here
dialog: comes the cookies! Fresh and
dialog: organic, no need to panic! Right
dialog: from the soil, no tropical oils!
dialog: Sweetened with juice, for an
dialog: energy boost! Fiber galore,
dialog: you'll be askin' for more...'
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON NORA
text: She looks pissed, but then looks over at the kids in the
text: bleachers. Their faces are filled with laughter. For
text: the first time she feels the connection Smoochy has with
dialog: them.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON RANDOLPH
text: He peers out from his hiding place backstage. His eyes
text: widen with delight as the Magic Cookie Bag continues its
dialog: descent.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SMOOCHY
text: The cookie bag finally reaches Smoochy. He holds the bag
text: high above his head in a religious ceremonial fashion as
text: the Rhinettes and the kids crowd around him.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Oooh... just the smell of
dialog: unprocessed flour makes my tummy
dialog: do somersaults!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON RANDOLPH
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Whatever that means, you fucking
dialog: retard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
text: His puffy orange hand reaches for the bag's clasp as the
text: MUSIC reaches its CRESCENDO.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
text: He's practically shaking as he suppresses an insane
dialog: laugh.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Give 'em a cookie... give 'em a
dialog: cookie...
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
text: He reaches into the bag, and with a grand flourish, pulls
text: out a flaming red penis cookie. The cookie is somewhat
text: misshapen and not perfectly formed. Smoochy gets a big
dialog: grin.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Wow! Look at this cookie, kids!
dialog: A rocket ship!
text: The kids "ooh" and "ahh."
scene_heading: ANGLE ON RANDOLPH
text: He looks confused.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: What a special day with such
dialog: special cookies!
scene_heading: BACK ON SMOOCHY
text: Smoochy pretends to "zoom" the penis cookie through the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Rrrrrrrr! Look at me, kids! I'm
dialog: flying to the moon! I'm flying to
dialog: Mars! I'm flying to --
text: Randolph, whose face is now bright red, can't take it
text: anymore. He runs onto the stage. He grabs the rocket
dialog: cookie from Smoochy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Are you fucking blind?! It's a
dialog: cock! Not a space ship! Cock!
dialog: Cock!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Three burly Kidnet security guards drag Randolph down the
text: stairwell. They beat the shit out of him and toss him
text: through the exit door.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK STOKES' OFFICE - TIGHT ON NEW YORK POST FRONT
speaker_heading: PAGE - DAY
text: The headline reads: "Rainbow Randolph Interrupts Smoochy
text: Taping." The subhead reads: "Runs Onstage Shouting
dialog: Penis Related Obscenities."
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: Burke sits on the couch next to Sheldon, reading the
text: paper. He shakes his head in disgust. Nora sits in a
text: chair near Stokes.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Thank you all for coming. I just
dialog: wanted to iron out a few wrinkles
dialog: I feel we're having in the
dialog: communication department. No
text: finger-pointing. Lord knows when
dialog: you start pointing fingers,
text: someone gets poked in the eye.
text: Sheldon laughs. Stokes and Nora sit stone-faced.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Anyhoo, I'd like to turn the floor
dialog: over to my new agent, Mr. Burke
dialog: Bennett. So... heeeeeere's Burke!
text: Sheldon applauds. Burke stands.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: As you can imagine, my client has
dialog: many concerns, not the least of
dialog: which is studio security, but we
dialog: can address that later.
text: He pats Sheldon's head like a dog.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: See this guy, Frank? Take a good
dialog: long look, 'cause this prick saved
dialog: your life. Without him you'd be
dialog: sitting in Kaplan's right now,
text: sucking club soda through a paper
dialog: straw.
dialog: (to Nora)
dialog: And, you -- you'd be organizing
text: puppet shows for the brats at
dialog: P.S. 86. Excuse me, honey.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: There's no excuse for you.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Man, I love club soda.
text: Sheldon laughs, trying to lighten the mood. Burke gives
text: him an affectionate slap.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: We've always managed to come to
dialog: some sort of arrangement, Burke.
dialog: Why the fireworks?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: 'Cause I'm holding all the
dialog: gunpowder. I represent the man
dialog: who created, owns, and controls
dialog: every square inch of Smoochy the
dialog: Rhino.
text: Burke pours himself a drink from Stokes' private bar.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: God created Adam and what did he
dialog: get? A fucking dud. My guy? He
dialog: breathed life into a winner. And
dialog: anyone who does a better job than
dialog: God is gonna have a price.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Burke, of course, is in no way
dialog: comparing me to God.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Yes I am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You seem to forget that we went
dialog: out and found 'your guy.' Dug up
text: his corpse. Handed him his own
dialog: show when he couldn't sell his
text: face to a photo booth.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: To be fair, Nora, I was booked to
text: open a car wash in Montauk.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Oh, so you were doing him a favor?
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Allow me to untangle this web of
dialog: shit! I don't care what his
dialog: resume was, I don't care where you
dialog: found him, I don't care if his
dialog: last job was juggling apples for a
text: hut full of Pygmies on the
dialog: outskirts of the Congo... the fact
dialog: is, he fits a bill and you need
text: him. Like a hungry baby needs a
dialog: big tit. And that, my friends, is
dialog: why you're in a box with no
dialog: ventilation. And that is why the
dialog: rhino is going to get what
dialog: he deserves.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: What is that, exactly?
text: Burke walks over to Stokes' desk and leans across it.
text: He's an inch from Stokes' face.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Heaven, hell, and everything in
dialog: between.
scene_heading: INT. SPINNER DUNN'S RESTAURANT - CLOSE ON CHAMPAGNE
scene_heading: CORK - EVENING
text: being popped as foamy champagne runs down the bottle.
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: Sheldon and Burke sit at a table in the nightclub. Burke
text: raises his glass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: To the star and new executive
dialog: producer of the Smoochy show! May
dialog: your reign be a long and healthy
dialog: one!
text: They clink glasses.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'm still in shock. Complete
dialog: creative control, part ownership
dialog: of the show, discretion over
text: merchandising and a dressing room
dialog: with a toilet! Am I dreaming or
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: And don't forget the corporate
dialog: penthouse. It took me six years
dialog: to get that for Randolph.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Boy, imagine... me, living in a
dialog: penthouse. Who'd a thunk it.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: It's called the high life, kid.
dialog: Get used to it. Pretty soon
dialog: you'll be burnin' one hundred
dialog: dollar bills just to see
text: Franklin break a sweat.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Jeez, I hope not. I have a deep
dialog: respect for money. Not to mention
dialog: Ben Franklin who had some
dialog: remarkable achievements in his
dialog: lifetime.
text: Burke pulls out a paper bag and hands it to Sheldon.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: That's your graduation present.
dialog: Something you're gonna need now.
text: Sheldon reaches in the bag and pulls out a revolver. He
text: recoils in horror and immediately drops it back in the
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Think of it as a tool of the
dialog: trade.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I've never owned a gun, I've never
dialog: touched a gun, and I don't believe
dialog: in guns. When I played cowboys
dialog: and Indians as a kid, I was always
dialog: the Chinese railroad worker.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Trust me, Shel. It's a handy
dialog: accessory in this business. Even
dialog: if you don't load it, have it for
dialog: show. Sometimes that's all you
dialog: need. Especially with a creep
text: like Randolph lurking around.
text: Burke and Sheldon look up and notice the hulking,
text: grinning figure of SPINNER DUNN standing over them.
text: Spinner has the smile of a little boy despite his
text: crooked nose and scarred face. He extends his hand.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: Hiya, Smoochy! I'm Spinner!
dialog: Spinner!
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Hi there.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: I'm so excited to meet you! I'm
dialog: Spinner!
text: Spinner's massive hand engulfs Sheldon's.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (remembers)
dialog: Oh... right. I saw you fight on
dialog: TV once. I think it was your
dialog: farewell bout.
speaker_heading: SWISH PAN TO:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. BOXING RING(S) - SOMETIME IN THE PAST
text: Through a SERIES OF CUTS we see Spinner getting pummeled
dialog: in various fights.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: RINGSIDE COMMENTATOR #1
text: Tonight marks Spinner Dunn's final
dialog: appearance in the ring. What a
dialog: pleasure it's been to watch him
text: proudly march into the record books
dialog: for taking more blows to the head
dialog: than any fighter in history.
text: A bloodied, defeated Spinner happily holds up the arm of
text: his opponent after a match. He then hugs the referee.
text: He jumps down from the ring and hugs the three judges.
scene_heading: RINGSIDE COMMENTATOR #2
dialog: Scrambled a bit? Sure. You don't
dialog: retire with a record of 81-59 and
dialog: wind up the Governor. But on the
dialog: upside, he's got the disposition
dialog: of a collie.
text: Spinner wades into the stands and starts hugging the
dialog: spectators.
speaker_heading: SWISH PAN TO:
scene_heading: INT. SPINNER DUNN'S RESTAURANT (PRESENT)
text: Spinner is still pumping Sheldon's hand.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: You know what I love, Smoochy? I
dialog: love when you do the Jiggy Ziggy
dialog: dance! You know, the one you do
dialog: during 'Silly Time?'
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You bet. That's a big one.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: Wanna see me do it?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, I don't know why if there's
dialog: enough room here to...
text: Spinner starts Jiggying and Ziggying for Sheldon. He
text: bangs into a table and knocks over someone's drink.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Okay, champ, don't get overheated.
text: Spinner stops, out of breath. He leans over and hugs
dialog: Sheldon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I... uh... love you, too, Spinner.
text: A powerful-looking woman, TOMMY COTTER, calls to Spinner
text: from the bar.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Spinner, come over and meet the
dialog: Senator!
text: Spinner dutifully hurries over to Tommy.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: He seems pretty popular. It must
dialog: take real talent to run a place
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Spinner? The guy couldn't run a
text: water faucet. He's just a mascot.
dialog: It's his cousins, a bunch of Irish
dialog: mob boys, who really run the
dialog: joint.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SPINNER
text: He shakes the Senator's hand as Tommy and a few other
text: tough Irish guys stand around. Spinner looks over
text: towards Sheldon.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Don't go anywhere, Smoochy! I'll
dialog: be right back after I take a dump!
text: Spinner releases the Senator's hand and rushes off.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I think you made a new friend,
dialog: kid.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. ANGELO PIKE'S RUNDOWN APARTMENT
scene_heading: (LOWER EAST SIDE) - NIGHT
text: We met him backstage with Smoochy... innocent face...
text: Angelo stirs a pot of soup in the worn-down but tidy
text: apartment. A "Rhinette" costume is draped over one of
text: the chairs. There is a sudden LOUD POUNDING on the door.
text: Angelo puts the spoon down and reaches behind some spices
text: on the shelf above. He pulls out a revolver. The
text: POUNDING continues.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Yeah, who is it?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH (O.S.)
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Open up, buddy! It's me,
dialog: Randolph! It's been a long time!
text: Angelo puts the gun in his waistband and walks to the
text: door. He slowly slides the chain off and opens the door
text: a crack. Peering in at him are the bloodshot eyes of
dialog: Rainbow Randolph.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Randy?
text: Randolph suddenly kicks the door open and tackles Angelo.
text: Randolph sits on top of the little man.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You fucking traitor! My body's
dialog: barely cold and already you work
dialog: for the rhino?
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Don't lie to me! I heard all about
dialog: it! You strapped that horn on
dialog: faster than a cheerleader gets the
dialog: clap!
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: I gotta eat, don't I?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You're a Krinkle Kid! Not a
dialog: Smooch-bag! Say it!
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Rhinette!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Say it: I am a Krinkle Kid! Say
dialog: it, before God! On the soul of
dialog: Jesus Christ! Say what you are!
text: Angelo punches Randolph in the mouth and flips him over.
text: He now sits on Randolph, pointing the revolver to his face.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: I'm a Rhinette. Got that? The
text: Krinkle Kids are ten feet under.
dialog: With you.
text: Randolph starts crying like a child.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (blubbering)
dialog: I missed you so much. Can I stay
dialog: here? I got no place to go.
text: Angelo sighs and puts the gun away.
scene_heading: INT. ANGELO'S APARTMENT - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: Angelo and Randolph sit at the small kitchen table.
text: Angelo watches as Randolph ravenously eats a bowl of
dialog: soup.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: ... They kicked me out of the
dialog: corporate penthouse. Big
dialog: surprise. Sons-a-bitches. That's
dialog: how I got this beauty.
text: He points to a nasty bump near his eye.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: And of course, there's this...
text: He yanks his lip back to reveal a missing tooth.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: That happened after my little
dialog: visit to the studio the other day.
dialog: Network security. Fucking savages.
text: He slurps another spoonful of soup and spits a bay leaf
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I got liens, back taxes, lawyer's
dialog: bills, threats against my life...
dialog: I basically got the whole fucking
dialog: world up my ass. It's okay, I got
dialog: a loooong memory, son.
dialog: (Amos and Andy dialect)
dialog: What dey sow, dey gonna reap.
text: He cackles insanely as he picks up a bottle of gin and
text: takes a deep swig. He passes out and falls off the
text: chair. Angelo leans down and lifts his head off the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Stop doing this to yourself!
text: Randolph doesn't respond. Angelo slaps his face.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Wise up! You hear me? Don't piss
dialog: your life away like this.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (half-conscious)
dialog: It's the rhino, Angie. He's been
dialog: sent by the devil. Sent from hell
dialog: to destroy me. Smoochy... is the
text: face of evil.
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY (TIMES SQUARE) - MORNING
text: We are ON the smiling goofy face of Sheldon, whose
text: picture graces the front page of Variety under the
text: headline, "MOPES TO EXECUTIVE PRODUCE SMOOCHY SHOW." The
text: subhead reads, "TENURE TO BEGIN TODAY." A dollar bill is
text: slapped down over the picture.
text: We WIDEN OUT to see Sheldon buying the magazine at the
text: newsstand in front of the Kidnet Building. He turns and
text: walks toward the Kidnet entrance. He stops and looks up
text: at the building. Smiling, he takes a deep breath and
text: enters.
scene_heading: INT. KIDNET HALLWAY - FEW MOMENTS LATER
text: Sheldon whistles as he walks down the hall, giving
text: cheerful "hellos" and "good mornings" along the way. He
text: enters Nora's office.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. NORA'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Nora is on the phone. She pretends not to notice him.
text: Sheldon bides his time by inspecting knickknacks,
text: examining photos on the wall, etc. Finally, he half-
text: whispers/half-mouths to her:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Whenever you get a chance... I
dialog: just need a second.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Listen, can I call you back?
dialog: Yeah, some asshole's screaming in
dialog: my ear. Thanks.
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'm sorry, you didn't have to hang
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: If I didn't you'd still be here.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: But I am still here.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I'm hoping to correct that.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Nora, I want us to start off on
dialog: the right foot. I want you to
dialog: know that I value your input and I
dialog: don't want you to feel intimidated
dialog: just because the power structure
dialog: has changed a bit. I consider you
dialog: a partner.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Great. That'll come in handy if
dialog: we're ever at a square dance.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, I was never much of the
dialog: do- se-do type, but what I would
dialog: love to do is take you out to lunch
dialog: one day. You know, just two
dialog: colleagues chewing the fat...
dialog: forming a mutual respect...
dialog: planting the seeds of
dialog: cooperation...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Fair enough. If you change your
dialog: mind --
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I won't.
text: Sheldon just nods and starts to exit.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Okay then, I'll be in my office if
dialog: you need me. If you want to
dialog: brainstorm about anything. Ideas
dialog: and so forth.
text: He passes a plant by the door.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Ficus?
text: She ignores him. He exits.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Sheldon walks slowly down the hallway. He no longer has
text: a bounce in his step.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDON'S NEW OFFICE - MOMENT LATER
text: Sheldon enters his plush new office, awkwardly walks over
text: to his new desk and sits behind it for the first time.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Wow...
speaker_heading: TOMMY (O.S.)
dialog: My cousin Spinner's take quite a
dialog: shine to you.
text: Sheldon jumps. He's surprised to Tommy from Spinner
text: Dunn's restaurant. Tommy's crew, ROY, DANNY, JIMMY and
text: SAMMY occupy the sofa.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Ever since you came in the
dialog: restaurant. He can't stop yakkin'.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, he's a very nice man. Very
dialog: sweet disposition for someone that
dialog: size.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: So, I was wondering if maybe you
dialog: could give him a little floor
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You know, a little part on the
dialog: show. You're the executive
dialog: producer now. You call the shots,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Uh, that's a very sweet offer, and
dialog: I love Spinner, but TV is a
dialog: complicated medium and... I mean,
dialog: that would be like me getting into
text: the ring with a prizefighter.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Can you imagine such a thing?
dialog: Boom. K.O.! What's the alphabet,
dialog: Mommy?
text: Sheldon laughs again. Tommy gets quiet.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: This makes me sad. Very, very,
dialog: sad.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What's wrong, Tommy?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Nothing. I'm just very sad right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: SAMMY
dialog: Who made you sad, Tommy?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I don't want to mention names.
text: The guys look menacingly at Sheldon. They rise and walk
text: around his desk until they're on either side of him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You know what? Maybe I can find
dialog: Spinner a little something to do
dialog: on the show. That's probably the
dialog: best solution.
text: Tommy now smiles and walks over to Sheldon. She musses
text: Sheldon's hair.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You're a good boy, Mopes. Don't
dialog: think we don't remember favors.
speaker_heading: SWISH PAN TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHELDON'S OFFICE - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: Sheldon is in a meeting with a man, SONNY GORDON.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Look, I appreciate the visit, but
dialog: I'm just putting together a little
dialog: petting zoo segment. Nothing
dialog: fancy -- a few kittens... maybe a
dialog: duck...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SONNY
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: SONNY GORDON, PRESIDENT, ANIMAL WRANGLERS'
speaker_heading: LOCAL 358
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: If you're looking to bring in that
dialog: many pieces I gotta put a crew
dialog: together. Plus, we're lookin' at
text: transpo, a few leash handlers, a
dialog: cleanup boy and a doper to keep
text: the inventory quiet.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Jeez, this all sounds awfully
dialog: elaborate. I might have to forgo
dialog: the union and just borrow a few
text: animals from a pet shop.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I wouldn't recommend it. Miss
dialog: Carol from Romper Room tried that
text: once and she's still limping.
scene_heading: SWISH PAN TO --
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDON'S OFFICE - SHORT TIME LATER
text: A frazzled-looking Sheldon is meeting with BEN FRANKS.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: On behalf of FunZone Toys, I'd
dialog: like to congratulate you on your
dialog: recent promotion, and present you
text: with a small gift.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: BEN FRANKS, V.P., FUNZONE TOYS
text: Ben reaches into his breast pocket and drops a large wad
text: of money on Sheldon's desk that lands with a thud.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Uh... that's nice of you, Ben, but
dialog: a card would have been fine.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: FunZone Toys would very much like
dialog: the Smoochy contract, Mr. Mopes.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Is this... I mean... are you
dialog: offering me a bribe or something?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: FunZone Toys would very much like
dialog: the Smoochy contract, Mr. Mopes.
text: Sheldon picks up the money and tosses it back to Ben.
text: Sheldon rises from his desk.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Normally, sir, we take the trash
dialog: out at the end of the day, but I
dialog: think I'll make an exception in
dialog: your case.
text: Sheldon escorts Ben out the door and slams it shut. The
text: PHONE RINGS. Sheldon walks over and picks it up.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT (V.O.)
text: A Mr. Feedlepepper on line two.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT (V.O.)
text: He says he's an old friend.
text: Sheldon punches line two.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. ANGELO'S APARTMENT - RANDOLPH
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH (V.O.)
dialog: You better grow eyes on the back
dialog: of your fucking head, you horned
dialog: piece of shit! I won't sleep
dialog: until the worms are crawlin' up
dialog: your foam rubber ass! I'm going
dialog: on safari, motherfucker... safari!
text: Sheldon hangs up stunned. Nora walks in holding the daily
dialog: news.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Congratulations on your little ice
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It didn't take you long to sell out,
dialog: did it?
text: She tosses the paper on his desk.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What happened to your precious
dialog: integrity? Or was that just part
dialog: of your dog and pony act.
text: She exits. A confused Sheldon looks at the "Around Town"
dialog: column.
scene_heading: INSERT - HEADLINE
text: "GARDEN TO HOST SMOOCHY ON ICE." The subhead reads:
scene_heading: "HUGE GATE EXPECTED -- VENDORS SALIVATE AT SMELL OF BIG
dialog: BUCKS."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: INT. SPINNER DUNN'S - EVENING
text: We are TIGHT ON the feet of an Irish dancer doing a sort
text: of Riverdance. We WIDEN OUT and the rest of the dancers
text: come INTO FRAME. Spinner and the mob ar clapping and
dialog: whooping.
text: Sheldon and Burke sit at a table in the dark club having
text: a conversation.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Burke, I never agreed to do an ice
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Shel, do you know what kind of
dialog: cash we'll take in between the
dialog: gate and concessions? A venture
dialog: like this gets you money and
dialog: muscle. Times twenty.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Ice shows represent everything I'm
dialog: against. They're mindless
dialog: spectacles whose main purpose is
dialog: to sell overpriced sugar-water and
text: cheap plastic toys that splinter
text: in a kid's mouth on the ride home.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Look, I know you got this fetish
dialog: for ethics, but now's not the time
dialog: to fly that kite. No one's ever
text: refused a shot at an ice show.
text: Sheldon tears the contract in half.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Until now. Smoochy doesn't sell
dialog: out, Burke. You should be proud
dialog: of that. Proud that you represent
text: a client who paves driveways, not
text: paints them over.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'm thrilled, Shel. Knocked out.
text: Burke just sits there, stunned. A waitress, SANDY,
text: passes by the booth.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'll have a pineapple juice,
dialog: Sandy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Pineapple? What happened to
dialog: orange juice?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'm feeling feisty tonight.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO - DAY
text: We are now on a drum solo. Ernie the Elephant of the
text: Smoochyland Band works it. The animal band plays a
text: sloppy version of "Pop Goes the Weasel." End on Spinner
text: Dunn -- the newest and by far largest member of the band.
text: Spinner holds s cowbell and seems to be concentrating
text: intently on the proper moment to hit it. Unfortunately,
text: his rhythm is off, which throws the rest of the band off
dialog: as well.
text: We WIDEN OUT to see Smoochy and the Rhinettes attempting
text: to dance to the off-kilter rhythm. The song finally
text: ends. The Rhinettes glare at Spinner. Smoochy addresses
dialog: the camera.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Boy, wasn't that fun? In an
dialog: awkward kind of way? Anyhoo, how
dialog: 'bout a big round of applause for
dialog: the newest member of the
dialog: Smoochyland Band... former
dialog: heavyweight contender, Spinner
dialog: Dunn!
text: Spinner stands up to take a bow and almost knocks the
text: entire bandstand over. There is a smattering of confused
text: applause from the kids in the bleachers. Spinner drops
text: the cowbell and it clangs on the studio floor.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: Shit. Sorry.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - AFTER SHOW
text: A beaming Spinner runs up to Sheldon, who's still in
dialog: costume.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: Did I do good, Sheldon, huh? Did I
dialog: do good?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Yeah, that was great, Spinner.
dialog: Just watch your elbow next time.
dialog: Pinky's probably gonna lose that
dialog: tooth.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: Okey doke. I'm gonna go get drunk
dialog: now.
text: Spinner skips off humming "Pop Goes the Weasel" and
text: banging his cowbell. Nora passes Sheldon backstage.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Nice job. Casting the show with
dialog: mental patients, I like that.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: He is not a mental patient. He's
dialog: an ex-boxer and nightclub owner
dialog: who happens to have the sweet
dialog: innocent brian of a five-year-old!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Excuse me for not making the
dialog: distinction.
text: She leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY (TIMES SQUARE) - NIGHT
text: Sheldon exits the Kidnet building and walks to the curb
text: to hail a cab. A friendly-looking man in a suit and bow
text: tie approaches him. This is MERV GREEN.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Hi there.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Hi.
text: A limo pulls up in front of them. Merv opens the back
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Get in.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Thanks anyway, but I'm going
text: uptown.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Merv pulls his jacket back to reveal a revolver tucked in
text: his waistband.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Humor me, rhino.
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Sheldon slides into the back seat of the limo. A big
text: thug in an overcoat, HENRY, is already sitting there.
text: Merv gets in behind him and shuts the door. Sheldon is
text: now wedged between the two men as the limo heads down
text: Broadway. Merv extends his hand.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Merv Green, Sheldon. It's a
dialog: pleasure to meet you.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: If you're hoping for an autograph,
dialog: the gun's a bit much. The whole
dialog: 'catch more flies with honey'
dialog: thing -- it really holds water.
text: Sheldon laughs nervously.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Sheldon, I represent the Parade of
dialog: Hope Foundation. Maybe you've
dialog: heard of us.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You raise money to build
dialog: children's hospitals, right?
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: We've been known to add a brick or
dialog: two, sure.
text: Merv and the thug laugh.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Sheldon, let me get right to the
dialog: point -- there's talk on the
dialog: street that you're pulling out of
dialog: the ice show. Is that true?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (big sigh)
dialog: You know, I never agreed to an
dialog: ice show, nor would I ever agree
dialog: to do an ice show, and let me add
dialog: that none of this is your concern,
dialog: sir.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Sheesh.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Listen carefully, son: Parade of
dialog: Hope has sponsored every Kidnet
dialog: ice show since 1964. We take a
dialog: piece off the top and everybody
dialog: walks away happy. So let's not
dialog: buck history.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, I appreciate the offer, but
dialog: for the gazillionth time, I'm not
dialog: doing an ice show, so we have
dialog: nothing to discuss. Now, if
dialog: you'll just pull over, I'll get
dialog: out and we'll say our toodley-dos.
dialog: (to driver)
dialog: Far corner, please.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Allow me to be less murky.
dialog: Starting tomorrow, Smoochy the
text: Rhino raises his baton for Parade
dialog: of Hope. Benefits, banquets,
dialog: fund-raisers, I want it all.
dialog: (to driver)
dialog: Pull over, Terry.
text: The car pulls to the curb.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: And as far as the ice show goes...
dialog: I recommend you start shopping
dialog: for skates.
text: The door pops open and Sheldon is tossed out.
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: INT. CORPORATE PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A troubled-looking Sheldon stands on his balcony looking
text: out at the city. He drinks orange juice straight from
text: the carton.
text: Sheldon is on the phone with Burke.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: This is unacceptable, Burke! I'm
dialog: calling the authorities.
speaker_heading: BURKE (V.O.)
dialog: Don't do it, Shel. You rat on
dialog: Parade of Hope and you'll be lucky
dialog: if they find your toenails. These
dialog: guys are the roughest of all the
dialog: charities.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I was threatened by an
dialog: organization that's supposed to
dialog: help children! What kind of world
dialog: is this?
speaker_heading: BURKE (V.O.)
dialog: The real one. My advice?
dialog: Consider the ice show and stay
dialog: healthy.
text: Burke hangs up. After a beat, Sheldon's DOORBELL RINGS.
text: He walks over to the door and opens it. To his surprise,
text: Nora is standing there.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: May I come in?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Sure.
text: Nora enters. She seems a little wobbly. Sheldon notices
text: she's holding a pint of whiskey.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Uh... are you okay?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I'm getting drunk and I'm not used
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Oh. Well, not to make you feel
dialog: worse, but with alcohol you're
text: also consuming empty calories.
text: Nora looks at him for a moment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It's just that... I want to
dialog: apologize, actually. And on those
dialog: rare occasions when I feel the
dialog: need to apologize for something,
dialog: it helps if I'm, you know... shit-
dialog: faced.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Wow. I'm honored.
text: Nora trips slightly. Sheldon takes the whiskey from her.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Why don't we get some air?
text: He leads her out on the balcony. They look out at the
dialog: city.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I... I may have been a little
dialog: harsh when we spoke the other day.
text: A little out of line.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, it wasn't as bad as the week
dialog: before when you called me a pasty-
text: faced, no-talent hack.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yes, that was probably insensitive
dialog: as well.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: I heard you're not doing the ice
dialog: show. I find that... incredibly
dialog: admirable. Why didn't you tell
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I guess I didn't want to spoil
dialog: your fun. You look so content
dialog: when you're berating me.
text: Nora looks down.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I'm afraid I have become a bit
dialog: hardened over the years.
dialog: Sincerity's an easy disguise in
dialog: this business. It's hard to know
text: who's on the level.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Believe me, I'm learning that more
dialog: and more every day.
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: 'Sometimes light is really dark,
dialog: Sometimes crows can sing like
dialog: larks
dialog: Sometimes Winter feels like
dialog: Spring,
dialog: Don't think you know everything.'
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: 'Rickets the Hippo'?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You remember Rickets?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: That was my favorite show when I
dialog: was a kid. Rickets was the one
dialog: face I knew I could trust.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: That's how I felt! Rickets had
dialog: real depth. He was my inspiration
dialog: for Smoochy.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Really? He was my inspiration to
dialog: work in children's television.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I can't believe it. I never met
dialog: anyone who even remembers Rickets.
dialog: Do you remember the Klunky-Wunky
dialog: dance?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Remember it? I did it at my first
dialog: communion.
text: Sheldon starts doing the rather insane-looking Klunky-
text: Wunky dance. Nora does it with him. They both stop and
text: look at each other. Sheldon impulsively leans in and
text: kisses her.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'm sorry. That was a mistake,
dialog: right? I didn't mean for that to
dialog: hap--
text: Nora grabs his head and pulls it toward her. They begin
text: kissing passionately.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (as they kiss)
dialog: You're not full of shit like all
dialog: the others, are you?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: No, no.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (as they kiss)
dialog: You're for real, right?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Yes, yes.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (through the kisses)
dialog: I mean, I couldn't tell... First I
dialog: thought it was an act... and then
dialog: I just thought you were a simp or
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Shhh... you don't have to
dialog: explain...
text: They continue to kiss. Nora abruptly stops.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I should go.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Why?
text: Nora exits the balcony and collects her coat and purse.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: What's wrong? Is it the whiskey?
dialog: If you have to throw up, be my
dialog: guest. Anywhere you like.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It's just getting late.
text: Sheldon follows her to the door. She stops and looks at
text: him for a moment. The PHONE starts to RING. Neither of
text: them says anything for a beat.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Better get that. Good night.
text: She exits. Sheldon shuts the door and sighs. He goes to
text: the bar to pour himself another orange juice before
text: picking up the phone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: ANGELO'S APARTMENT
text: We GO TO a HORIZONTAL SPLIT-SCREEN. Randolph is on the
text: BOTTOM HALF. He lies on his bed in Angelo's apartment
text: wearing a bathrobe with a towel wrapped around his head.
text: His head dangles off the bed as he talks on the phone.
text: The SHOT is reminiscent of Bye Bye Birdie.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Hello, Mr. Mopes? My name is
dialog: Benjamin Kunklepeck and I'm
dialog: calling on behalf of 'Parents for
dialog: Decency in Children's Television,'
dialog: perhaps you've heard of us?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: No, but I like where you're coming
dialog: from. It's an issue very close to
dialog: my heart. Why just yesterday I
dialog: was commenting --
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Sir, we're having a banquet
dialog: tomorrow and we'd be honored to
dialog: have you perform for us. We would
dialog: also like to present you with a
dialog: plaque for your ongoing commitment
dialog: to children's television. The
dialog: presenter will be a young orphan
dialog: with mild asthma. Can you attend?
scene_heading: EXT. VERRAZANO NARROWS BRIDGE - NEXT MORNING
text: A black Lincoln Town Car travels across the bridge toward
dialog: Staten Island.
speaker_heading: SHELDON (V.O.)
dialog: Thanks for picking me up, Mr.
dialog: Kunklepeck. It's very nice of
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN CAR - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Sheldon is in the back seat. The Smoochy costume is next
text: to him. Behind the wheel is Randolph. He's in disguise.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Don't be silly. The chance to
dialog: have Smoochy the Rhino perform at
dialog: our little soiree? I'd carry you
text: piggy-back through a bed of hot
dialog: rusty glass if I had to.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, it's always a pleasure to
dialog: help out a worthy cause. And
dialog: believe me, I've learned lately
dialog: that it's not all sunshine and
dialog: daffodils in the land of non-
dialog: profit.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I just looove your show, by the
dialog: way. It's such a refreshing
dialog: change of pace from that dreadful
dialog: embezzler... what's his name
dialog: again? Rainbow something or
dialog: other?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Randolph.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Yes. Rainbow Randolph. What a
dialog: scoundrel! He's probably gay too.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Oh, I don't know. I feel sorry
dialog: for him, actually. He obviously
dialog: has problems or issues that he
dialog: needs to sort out.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (getting frustrated)
dialog: Yeah, yeah, yeah, but don't you
dialog: take particular glee in that you
dialog: basically stole his time slot?
text: Helped shovel dirt onto his
dialog: miserable corpse, as it were?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: No, I would never take pleasure in
dialog: someone's downfall. You know the
dialog: old expression about walking a
dialog: mile in another man's shoes?
dialog: Well, that really holds water.
dialog: Just try to imagine --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: Come on, he's a fucking asshole!
dialog: You hate him! Admit it!
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Uh... can we listen to the radio?
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: The Town Car is parked behind an old warehouse in the
text: middle of nowhere. Sheldon is now in costume. Randolph
text: rushes out of the door, very excited.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Okay, they're ready for you!
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I gotta say, this is a first -- I
dialog: never performed in a tractor parts
dialog: warehouse before.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Well, we like to do these things
dialog: no-frills. It's all about the
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Amen to that.
text: Randolph opens the door a crack and listens. We hear an
text: O.S. VOICE from inside.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: It gives me great pleasure to
dialog: introduce our very special
dialog: guest... a supporter of the cause
dialog: and a friend to the brotherhood.
dialog: Please welcome, the one, the
dialog: only... Smoochy the Rhino!
text: We hear APPLAUSE. Randolph quickly opens the rusty door.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Knock 'em dead, kid!
text: He shoves Sheldon inside.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Sheldon runs in and immediately starts singing and
text: dancing on the makeshift stage.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: 'Well, how-do-you-do, my good
dialog: friends! How do-you-do, my pals!
dialog: It's so nice to see good friends!
dialog: Sing along with me now! How do
dialog: you do, my good -- '
text: Sheldon abruptly stops singing as a look of shock comes
text: over him. PUSH IN ON his troubled face.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - SHELDON'S POV
text: Several hundred men in Nazi uniforms in a warehouse
text: draped in swastikas. They all start chanting:
speaker_heading: NAZIS
dialog: Heil Smoochy! Heil Smoochy! Heil
dialog: Smoochy!
text: A huge swastika banner unfurls behind Smoochy, framing
text: him like Patton in front of the American flag.
text: Flashbulbs go off. The "Heil Smoochys" continue. A
text: GERMAN MARCH starts to BLARE from the SPEAKERS. Looking
text: stunned, Sheldon slowly leans into the mic. He clears
text: his throat. The MUSIC STOPS. Everyone quiets down. He
text: searches for just the right words, and finally...
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: It's my sincere hope that I'm
dialog: dreaming right now, but in the
dialog: event that I'm not... what's the
dialog: deal with the swastikas?
text: Suddenly, a sea of policemen bursts into the warehouse.
speaker_heading: LEAD COP
dialog: This is an unlawful assembly, you
dialog: kraut sons-a-bitches! You're all
dialog: under arrest!
text: Pandemonium ensues us all the Nazis run for cover.
text: Sheldon stands in the middle of it all, unsure what to
dialog: do.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: Sheldon is led from the warehouse in handcuffs and is
text: barraged with questions from waiting REPORTERS.
text: Flashbulbs go off as they shout out questions.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: Are you officially a member of the
dialog: Aryan Brotherhood, Sheldon?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Is it true you consider Adolph
dialog: Hitler your personal hero?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: Do you think associating with neo-
dialog: Nazis might adversely affect your
dialog: career?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #4
dialog: How does it feel to be a hate-
dialog: filled racist scumbag?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: This is a mix-up! I'm innocent!
dialog: I don't hate anyone!
speaker_heading: REPORTER #4
dialog: Does that mean you don't hate
dialog: Nazis?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Wait! I didn't say that! I --
text: Sheldon is shoved into the back seat of a squad car. It
text: drives off, SIRENS BLARING.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: The squad car drives through Times Square. The headlines
text: on the zipper marquee GLIDE THROUGH the FRAME: "Smoochy
text: the Rhino Arrested at Nazi Rally... Cops Raid Warehouse
text: During Rhino's Performance... Aryan Brotherhood Declares
dialog: Smoochy 'One of us.'... President Condemns 'Smoochy the
dialog: Fascist'..."
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD CAR - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Sheldon stares out the window as the dark city passes by.
text: We SLOWLY MOVE IN ON his eyes as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - STUDIO C - SOMETIME IN PAST
text: In SLOW MOTION, Smoochy dances in the studio while
text: holding a delighted little girl in his arms.
speaker_heading: POLICE PRECINCT
text: Sheldon is fingerprinted and photographed.
speaker_heading: AFRICAN JUNGLE
text: STOCK FOOTAGE of a wild rhinoceros being shot by hunters.
speaker_heading: STUDIO C
text: Smoochy's Magic Jungle is dismantled.
scene_heading: SUBURBAN DRIVEWAY - PAST
text: A young Sheldon helps his grandfather spread black paint
text: on a driveway.
speaker_heading: TIMES SQUARE - DAY (PRESENT)
text: The Smoochy billboard is torn down.
speaker_heading: BLACK LIMBO
text: The Smoochy costume is in flames. It slowly burns to
dialog: ashes.
scene_heading: EXT. KIDNET BUILDING - LOBBY - DAY
text: The Kidnet CEO stands before a cluster of reporters and
text: network cameras. We can see the Times Square zipper
text: marquee THROUGH the glass doors behind him.
dialog: Headlines read: "Congressional Committee Probes Nazi
dialog: Ties to Kid Biz"... "Smoochy Photos Removed From City
dialog: Elementary Schools"... "Jewish Groups Plan 'Day of
text: Outrage'"... "Rhino in Bronx Zoo Pelted With Eggs"...
dialog: CEO
dialog: Here at Kidnet, Smoochy the Rhino
dialog: is now Smoochy the Ghost. We have
dialog: excised that particular malignancy
dialog: from our network and will seek out
dialog: a suitable replacement.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Until then, the Smoochy slot will
text: be safely occupied by Popeye
dialog: cartoons. Thank you.
text: The reporters furiously scribble down his statement.
scene_heading: END OF MONTAGE.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY
text: Randolph dances down the street like Gene Kelly. He
text: whistles a happy tune and tips his hat to everyone who
text: walks by. As he dances along, he pets a dog...
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Hi there, poochy!
text: Coos at a baby in a stroller...
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Well, aren't you the cutest little
dialog: boo-boo in the world!
text: And grabs a rose from a flower vendor before handing it
dialog: to an old lady...
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: For you, my dear! May you live to
dialog: be a hundred!
text: He continues to dance onward, waving back at everyone.
text: Unfortunately, he doesn't realize he's heading straight
text: for a light pole and slams into it with a sickening
dialog: smack.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Fuck!
scene_heading: EXT. KIDNET BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Nora exits the revolving door of the Kidnet building and
text: heads down Broadway. Sheldon pops out from a store
text: front. He's wearing a knit cap and sunglasses to
dialog: disguise himself.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I have to talk to you.
text: Nora keeps walking.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: We have nothing to talk about.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Don't tell me you believe what
dialog: they're saying!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I don't have to believe anyone.
dialog: The picture in the paper said it
dialog: all. No one forced you to perform
dialog: at that rally.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Perform? I barely sang one song.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Well maybe next time you'll do
text: a longer set.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Nora, I had no idea that was a
dialog: Nazi function. None whatsoever!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Funny, you'd think the fifty-foot
dialog: swastika you were standing in
dialog: front of might've given you a
dialog: hint.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: The papers are blowing that out of
dialog: proportion. It was nowhere near
dialog: that big.
text: Nora stops and looks Sheldon in the eye.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Look, the fact of the matter is, I
dialog: don't know you, okay? Not really.
dialog: So don't expect me to go out on an
dialog: emotional limb here.
text: Sheldon looks crushed.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: But what about the balcony? What
dialog: about the Klunky-Wunky dance?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I was drunk. Don't read too much
dialog: into it.
text: She looks at him for a moment and then walks off.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - DAYS LATER
text: A disheveled and unshaven Sheldon wanders the streets,
text: looking dazed. He's stuffing a cupcake into his mouth
text: and swigging from a bottle of root beer. He passes a
text: construction site and notices some graffiti on a wall --
text: a crudely-drawn goose-stepping Smoochy in a Nazi uniform
text: and Hitler moustache. Sheldon keeps walking. He
text: descends the subway stairs at 42nd Street.
scene_heading: EXT. CONEY ISLAND STATION - STREET LEVEL - LATER
text: Sheldon comes up from the subway. We see the Cyclone
dialog: from Astroland in the b.g.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET (CONEY ISLAND) - FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Sheldon stands in front of the methadone clinic he used
text: to perform at. It's boarded up. He just stares at it.
text: An OLD VAGRANT walks up to him.
speaker_heading: OLD VAGRANT
dialog: If you're lookin' to get a cup of
dialog: juice, the well's dried up, son.
dialog: City shut her down. Bastards'll
text: put a new pair of tits on the
dialog: Statue of Liberty, but they won't
dialog: help a poor hophead.
text: The Vagrant shakes his head sadly.
speaker_heading: OLD VAGRANT
dialog: Just once I wish I had a little
dialog: clout. You know? I'd set things
dialog: straight in this town, believe me.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Hell of a world.
text: He walks off.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Hell of a world.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. STOKES' OFFICE
text: On a large screen TV the smiling Asian face of Takashi
text: Yamashita, who's singing Cole Porter's "I Get a Kick Out
dialog: of You" in Japanese.
text: CUT BACK to reveal Takashi wearing a white sequined
text: tuxedo with tails as he plays a white grand piano. He
text: looks like an Asian Liberace. He is circled by a group
text: of Japanese children who sing along with him.
speaker_heading: CHICK (V.O.)
dialog: 'Takashi Sings Tin Pan Alley for
dialog: Youngsters' is the hottest show
dialog: on Japanese television. The sweat
dialog: shops are working overtime trying
dialog: to keep up with the demand.
dialog: Record albums, toys, cereal, tee
dialog: shirts, you name it...
scene_heading: INT. STOKES' OFFICE - DAY
text: Several tough-looking Asian men -- CHICK, SAMBO, and TOBI
text: -- Takashi's management group -- sits in Stokes' office.
text: Takashi sits quietly in the corner. Stokes sits behind
text: his desk, sipping his trademark glass of wine.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Look, Stokes, let's cut the
dialog: bullshit. We want Takashi in
dialog: that Smoochy slot and we're willing
dialog: to do whatever it takes to get it.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Pardon me for saying this, but for
dialog: a non-resident of this country,
dialog: you speak impeccable English.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: I'm originally from Teaneck.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: We own every hair on this bastard's
dialog: head and we're willing to share a
dialog: few strands... if you get my drift.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Well, it's not that simple. I
dialog: have an executive board to answer
dialog: to. I wish I could just snap my
dialog: fingers and make a deal but --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: You mean like this?
text: Chick snaps his fingers and Tobi, the third Asian guy,
text: walks over and drops a duffel bag on Stokes' desk.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Oh my. And what is this on my
dialog: desk?
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Two hundred grand in a Louis
dialog: Vuitton duffle bag. Get our boy
dialog: the slot and we'll round it off to
dialog: a million. And you can keep the
dialog: luggage.
text: Stokes stares down at the bundle of opportunity on his
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: You're dealing with an honorable
dialog: culture, Frank. We know how to
dialog: play ball.
text: Stokes unzips the bag and gazes at the money. He looks
text: up at Chick and smiles.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Gentlemen, I suddenly feel
text: invigorated and full of hope.
text: Chick smiles.
scene_heading: INT. NORA'S LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: On Nora's TV screen, we see the black and white image of
text: Rickets the Hippo doing the "Klunky-Wunky Dance." Nora
text: sits on the couch and stares hypnotically at the screen.
text: There is a KNOCK at the door. She gets up and ejects the
text: "Best of Rickets" tape. She opens the door. To her
text: surprise, Randolph is standing there.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Hiya, cutie!
text: Before she can respond, he enters the apartment and takes
text: off his jacket.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: So here's the good news: Yes,
dialog: I'll be happy to end my sabbatical
dialog: and return to my old slot. I know
dialog: you and Frank are in a bind, so
dialog: I'll start Monday. Call wardrobe,
dialog: call props, tell 'em the R man is
dialog: back and he's ready to start
dialog: whistlin' dem happy tunes for da
text: little chillens.
text: He flops down on the couch.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Ahhh. Who do ya gotta blow to get
dialog: a Scotch around here?
text: He laughs.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You've got three seconds to pry
dialog: your ass off my couch and get out.
text: Randolph jumps to his feet.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Dammit, Nora! The rhino's gone!
dialog: You need that slot filled and
dialog: I'm ready to reclaim what's
dialog: rightfully mine.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Just in case you forgot, you're a
text: criminal and a scumbag.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Okay, so maybe I commandeered a
dialog: stray shekel or two. Big deal!
dialog: Compared to what Smoochy did
dialog: that's like jerking off in the
dialog: supermarket.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Where do you shop?
text: Randolph walks over and puts his hands on her shoulders.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Come on. Have you lost all
dialog: affection for me? After what we
dialog: once had?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: That was a long time ago. I was
dialog: young and stupid.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Why we broke up I'll never know.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You turned into an asshole and I
dialog: didn't love you.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: We could've worked through all
dialog: that.
text: He leans in to kiss her and she shoves him away so
text: violently he almost falls over the coffee table.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Damn it, Nora! The public is
dialog: clamoring for me! I'm a fucking
dialog: patriot! Mopes is a Nazi! He's
dialog: evil! He's probably even gay!
dialog: You should've seen the way he was
dialog: checking me out in the car!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (suddenly suspicious)
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: What does what mean?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You said he was checking you out
dialog: in the car. What car?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: No... it's just a vibe! A Nazi
dialog: homosexual vibe! It emanates from
dialog: the television! The whole Smoochy
dialog: costume... with the erect horn...
dialog: I mean, what's that all about?
text: Nora starts to walk closer to him. He backs up.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You're talking awfully fast,
dialog: Randolph.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I still love you! Let's go on a
dialog: date!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Were you at that rally? Tell me!
dialog: Did you have something to do with
dialog: this?
text: She backs him against the wall and looks him in the eye.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Did you set Sheldon up?
text: Randolph just looks at her.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You know, now I remember why we
dialog: broke up. Always with the
dialog: accusations. Bitch, bitch,
dialog: bitch...
text: Nora hauls off and punches him in the jaw.
scene_heading: INT. SPINNER DUNN'S - NIGHT
text: A morose-looking Spinner Dunn sits alone at the end of
text: the bar in the nightclub. Tommy walks over.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What's wrong, kid? The mayor of
dialog: Patterson's here with his wife.
dialog: They wanna meet ya.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: I don't wanna meet no one. I miss
dialog: Smoochy! He never woulda done the
dialog: things they say he done. He ain't
dialog: no Nazi. Someone's making stuff
dialog: up. I just know it, Tommy.
dialog: Someone's making stuff up!
text: Spinner starts violently pounding his head on the bar,
text: causing GLASSES to RATTLE.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: I want Smoochy back! I want to be
dialog: on TV again! I want to play my
dialog: cowbell!
text: Nora enters the restaurant. She looks around and
text: approaches Tommy.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Hi, Tommy. Hi, Spinner. Has
dialog: Burke been in tonight?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Haven't seen him.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Damn it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Something I can help you with?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I have to talk to him. It's about
dialog: Sheldon.
text: Spinner lifts his head from the bar.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: Sheldon? What about Sheldon?
scene_heading: INT. ANGELO'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Randolph is napping on Angelo's couch with an ice pack on
text: his sore jaw thanks to Nora's fist. There is a sudden
text: LOUD POUNDING at the door. Randolph startles awake.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I'm trying to sleep, asshole!
dialog: Read the fucking meter some other
dialog: time!
text: After a beat, the door is kicked open and Tommy and his
text: crew are standing there.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You wanna tell me about the rhino?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Hey, this is private property,
dialog: creep! And you're trespassing!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Danny, go give Mr. Smiley a little
dialog: back rub.
text: Danny advances toward a shaking Randolph, fist clenched
text: and rolling up his sleeve.
scene_heading: RANDOLPH'S POV - DANNY
text: approaches. He cocks his arm and throws a punch.
text: Danny's fist FILLS the FRAME, TURNING IT BLACK as we hear
dialog: the PUNCH.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - SERIES OF DISSOLVES - BEFORE DAWN
text: Newspaper trucks pull up to various newsstands and toss
text: out bundles of the morning editions. As each bundle
text: lands on the curb, we see headlines that span over the
dialog: next few days:
scene_heading: SMOOCHY SET UP - SMILEY BEHIND NAZI PLOT
text: PLANNED TO DESTROY RHINO'S REP
scene_heading: POLL: RAINBOW RANDOLPH MOST HATED MAN IN AMERICA
text: PUBLIC OUTCRY: "WE'RE SORRY SMOOCHY!"
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE PRECINCT - DAY
text: Randolph, bruised and battered, emerges from the police
text: station with his LAWYER. REPORTERS and photographers
dialog: rush forward.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: How does it feel to be voted the
dialog: most hated man in America,
dialog: Randolph?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: In a country like this, where your
dialog: average citizen is a fuckin'
dialog: Neanderthal, I wear it as a badge of
dialog: honor.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: What about Ms. Bishop's charge that
dialog: you have an unhealthy obsession
dialog: with Sheldon Mopes?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Listen, I barely know that broad.
dialog: She's a wacko. An opportunist.
dialog: I'm the most accused man since
dialog: Jimmy Hoffa.
text: Someone throws an egg and it hits Randolph in the face.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (on verge of tears)
dialog: That was unfair! Who threw that?
dialog: That was mean and uncalled for!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: My client is not answering any
dialog: more questions. Between his
dialog: dwindling cash flow and mounting
text: legal bills he's sinking into a
dialog: deep psychotic depression. Please
dialog: stop antagonizing him. Thank you.
text: He pushes a sullen Randolph through the cluster of
dialog: people.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - STUDIO C - DAY
text: A makeup woman dabs Sheldon's forehead as he's about to
text: go on. Nora stands next to him. A LOW TYMPANY ROLL is
text: heard from the stage.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (to Nora)
dialog: I wouldn't be back here if it wasn't
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I'm just sorry I didn't believe
dialog: you... that I got swept up in the
text: frenzy of anti-Smoochyism.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, this town's a house of mirrors
dialog: sometimes. It's hard to know what
dialog: you're looking at.
text: He takes a couple of pre-show deep breaths. A STAGEHAND
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: STAGEHAND
dialog: They're ready for you, Sheldon.
text: Sheldon exits backstage.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO C - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: The lights in the studio dim.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen... boys and
dialog: girls...
dialog: (dramatic pause)
dialog: Who's your favorite rhino?
text: An explosion of enthusiasm from the kids in the
text: bleachers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: KIDS IN BLEACHERS
dialog: Smoochy!!!
text: The lights come up as the Smoochyland Band plays a
text: strong, dramatic version of "Battle Hymn of the
text: Republic." After a moment, Smoochy slowly rises from a
text: lift under the stage. A giant sign above the jungle
text: lights up and emits a pyrotechnic shower of sparks. It
text: reads: WELCOME HOME SMOOCHY!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SMOOCHYLAND BAND
text: A beaming Spinner Dunn enthusiastically bangs his cowbell
text: to the music as tears stream down his cheeks.
scene_heading: BACK ON SMOOCHY
text: He majestically stands center stage and nods to the kids
text: who are giving him a standing ovation. The song
text: crescendos with a rousing final chorus from the
text: Smoochyland Band who sing, "His truth is marching on!"
text: Thunderous applause from the bleachers. Smoochy walks
text: over to a stool and takes a seat. It's very quiet in the
text: studio now. Smoochy, looking uncharacteristically
text: serious, picks up a microphone as the lights go down.
text: He's in black limbo.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Thank you. It's good to be back.
dialog: You know, kids, sometimes life in
dialog: the jungle can be unfair. A place
dialog: where nice guys don't just finish
dialog: last... they get their heads cut
dialog: off.
text: Gasps from the bleachers.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: That pretty world you think you
dialog: know is just props and scenery.
text: Lollipop trees with roots in
dialog: venom!
speaker_heading: ANGLE - NORA
text: watches nervously from offstage.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: BACK ON SMOOCHY
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: So look around you, boys and
dialog: girls. Every day. Be diligent!
dialog: Stand strong! As the old proverb
dialog: says: Beat a dog one time too
dialog: many and you get a wolf! Let's
dialog: start howling! Howl for me, boys
dialog: and girls!
text: The kids in the bleachers howl along with Smoochy.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Okay, I just wanted to get that
dialog: off my chest. Who wants to do the
dialog: Hokey-Pokey?!
text: The kids cheer as the Smoochyland Band launches into the
text: Hokey-Pokey song and Smoochy starts dancing. The kids
text: pour out of the bleachers onto the jungle set. Everyone
text: is dancing and having a ball. Nora is clapping to the
text: music offstage. Sheldon and Nora exchange affectionate
dialog: glances.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ANGELO'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Randolph sits in front of the TELEVISION in a daze. He's
text: wearing a ratty bathrobe and absentmindedly tosses cheese
text: curls onto the floor from a bag on his lap. ON the TV,
text: an "Entertainment Tonight"-type show with two perky hosts
text: is covering Smoochy's return to the airwaves. The hosts,
text: Tara and Hunter show Smoochy's dynamic entrance and the
text: standing ovation he got during the taping that day.
speaker_heading: TARA (V.O.)
dialog: Well, Smoochy's back and boy did
dialog: we miss him. Hundreds of well-
dialog: wishers stood outside Kidnet
dialog: Studios today hoping to catch a
text: glimpse of their favorite rhino.
speaker_heading: HUNTER (V.O.)
dialog: That's right, Tara. Smoochy's
dialog: popularity is stronger than ever
dialog: thanks to his recent exoneration
text: as a Nazi sympathizer. In fact,
dialog: several movie studios are offering
dialog: big bucks for a chance to bring
dialog: the Smoochy story to the silver
dialog: screen...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The BROADCAST CONTINUES. Smoochy images flash across the
text: screen. Randolph has been mumbling the whole time.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (quietly to himself)
dialog: Bad... very bad... too much for
dialog: brain... pressure building... ears
text: ringing... eyes burning...
text: contempt overflowing...
text: He jumps up and kicks the TV over. He picks up a lamp
text: and starts beating the TV.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I hate you! I fucking hate you!!!
dialog: You devil-horned mind fucker!
dialog: Die, die, die!!
text: Angelo, who was cooking in the kitchen, runs out. He's
text: wearing an apron.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: What are you doing?! That's a
dialog: Zenith!
dialog: (notices cheese curls)
dialog: Look at this place!
text: He grabs the lamp from Randolph.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: That's it! I want you out of
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (suddenly scared)
dialog: Where am I supposed to go?
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: I don't care!
dialog: (pointing to door)
dialog: Out!!
scene_heading: INT. SPINNER DUNN'S - NIGHT
text: Spinner's massive arms envelope Sheldon in a bear hug,
text: practically lifting him out of his seat. Burke, who's
text: having dinner with Sheldon, holds onto the table before
text: it gets knocked over.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Easy, Spinner. Watch the ribs,
dialog: buddy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: I missed you so much!
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I missed you too, champ.
text: He drops Sheldon and pulls out his cowbell.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: I've been practicing and
dialog: practicing and I got real good,
dialog: Sheldon. Real good!
text: He starts banging on it with a butter knife. Sheldon
text: cringes.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: Wanna see me march?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Sure, why not.
text: Spinner starts marching through the restaurant, clanging
text: the cowbell. People who are trying to eat their dinner
text: look annoyed. Sheldon sits back down at his table.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: So you were saying you had some
dialog: good news?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Yes. Some very good news. After
dialog: giving it a lot of thought... I've
dialog: decided to do the ice show.
text: Burke gleefully slaps Sheldon on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Finally! I got me a bar mitzvah
dialog: boy. Today you are a man!
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I realize now it's a sin to waste
dialog: your power.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Like they say, rock bottom's a
dialog: college education.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: But here's the really good news:
dialog: I'm doing it myself. No sponsors,
dialog: no vendors, no crooks. Not one
dialog: dirty hand will touch this. Not
dialog: one person will make a dollar off
dialog: these kids. Smoochy on Ice will
dialog: be a study in purity.
text: Burke's grin suddenly fades.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: As far as food concessions go,
dialog: I'll supply the refreshments. For
dialog: free. Low sodium, whole wheat
dialog: pretzels and apple slices. Healthy
dialog: stuff. Now are you ready for the
dialog: best part?
speaker_heading: BURKE
text: I'm holding my breath.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: All profits from ticket sales will
dialog: be used to built a state-of-the-
dialog: art methadone clinic in Coney
dialog: Island.
text: Burke looks pale.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'm not just talking a run-of-the-
dialog: mill clinic... I'm going to build
text: a methadone palace. A place where
dialog: men and women can withdraw in
dialog: luxury.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Sheldon, you can't do an ice show
dialog: and cut out the vendors. And more
dialog: importantly, you can't cut out the
dialog: Parade of Hope. It's suicide.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You always told me, when you've
dialog: got muscles you make the rules.
dialog: Well, I'm feeling pretty strong
dialog: right now.
text: Sheldon rises and tosses his napkin down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: All this time I was letting the
dialog: business use me. Well, I think it's
dialog: time I start using the business.
dialog: I've got my clout back and I'm not
dialog: gonna waste it this time. Take care
dialog: of it, Burke.
text: Sheldon exits. Burke sits there, looking very concerned.
text: On his way out the door, Tommy stops Sheldon. Spinner's
text: COWBELL CLANGING continues.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Shel, you gotta help me out. He
dialog: bangs that goddamn thing from
dialog: morning till night. I got a
dialog: headache that goes from my eyes to
dialog: my ass.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Whatever I can do, Tommy, just say
dialog: it. You know I love Spinner. And
dialog: I owe you.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Give the boy something else to do on
dialog: the show. Anything. Just as long
text: as it don't clang, chime or honk.
scene_heading: INT. STOKES' OFFICE - TIGHT ON FACE OF FRANK STOKES -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: frightened. There's a gun to his temple.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Chick, the Asian representative of Takashi, holds a
text: revolver on Stokes. His cohorts, Sambo and Tobi, stand
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: I don't like complications, Frank.
dialog: You got one week to get Takashi that
dialog: slot or you're gonna be shakin'
text: hands with Buddha.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Don't you understand? My hands are
text: tied. The rhino's been exonerated.
dialog: The show's more popular than ever.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: (to Sambo and Tobi)
dialog: Okay, boys, chop him up, bag him
text: and dump him in the woods.
text: Sambo and Tobi start to advance on Stokes.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: All right! I'll take care of it!
dialog: I just need time!
text: Chick leans into Stokes' face.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: One week, Jeeves. Got that? Or
dialog: I get a blender and make an Orange
dialog: Julius with your feet.
text: They exit.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A down-and-out Randolph shuffles along in ratty bedroom
text: slippers. He passes a MAN who sits behind a small table
text: on the sidewalk. The table has a huge photograph of a
text: rhinoceros taped in front of it. Literature and
text: pamphlets depicting the black rhino are spread out on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Save the rhino! Before it's too
dialog: late! Make a donation! Save the
dialog: rhino!
dialog: (to Randolph)
dialog: Hey, mister, ya wanna help save
dialog: the rhino?
text: Randolph just looks at him for a moment. He looks at all
text: the rhino-related imagery. He starts shaking and
text: suddenly jumps over the table and attacks the Man.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I'm the one who needs to be saved!
dialog: Me. I'm broke! I lost my lawyer!
dialog: My only friend kicked me out! I'm
dialog: a fucking peanut shell in the
dialog: shape of a man! Save the
dialog: Rainbow! Save the Rainbow!
dialog: Save the Rainbow!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Help! Someone call a cop!
text: Randolph grabs the collection can and runs off.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: It's a chilly, grey afternoon. Stokes and Burke walk along
text: the lake framed by the New York skyline.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Your client is suffocating me. To
dialog: make matters worse, he's caused me
text: to veer into a hazardous situation.
dialog: A situation that otherwise could
dialog: have a very happy ending.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Tell me more about the Asians.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: They're ruthless. Unwavering.
dialog: Unprincipled. And best of all,
dialog: they know how the game is played.
dialog: They respect our delicate
dialog: ecosystem of mutual benefit.
text: Stokes stops walking and grabs Burke's arm.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: I'd bring you in on this, Burke.
dialog: You'd be my partner on the Takashi
dialog: deal. Split down the middle. We
dialog: have an opportunity to get back on
dialog: track here. Back to the way it
dialog: was.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: The good old days.
speaker_heading: STOKES
text: Pre-rhinoceros.
text: The two men look at each other as thoughts pass silently
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: This is very sticky ground we're
text: about to walk on.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Well, you're used to a little
dialog: glue on your shoes.
text: Burke smiles.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Let me poke around. Sift through
dialog: the possibilities.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY OFF ND STREET - THEATER STAGE DOOR -
speaker_heading: EVENING
text: A slender young man in a Peter Pan costume in being held
text: by a big thug as another thug beats him up. A girl
text: dressed as Tinkerbell (also being restrained) looks on in
text: horror. Merv Green (Parade of Hope) steps INTO FRAME.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: This is what happens to guys who
dialog: keep secrets, Johnny.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I'll give you the rest next week!
dialog: I promise!
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: It's not me you're fucking over,
dialog: it's sick kids. You got something
dialog: against sick kids, Johnny?
text: The thug punches him in the stomach again.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: No! I love sick kids!
text: Merv nods to one of the thugs who releases Peter Pan. He
text: slumps to the ground. Merv kneels down and lifts his
text: head from the pavement.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: And you tell that fat producer of
dialog: yours, if he ever gives me a low
dialog: head count again, he'll lose the
dialog: other thumb.
text: One of Merv's thugs leans in, whispers something to
text: Merv, who looks up to see.
text: Burke standing in the mouth of the alley.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Merv Green. How's tricks, kid?
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Well, if it ain't smilin' Burke.
dialog: Whose bones are you pickin' today?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: You got a minute, pally?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. ND STREET - MOMENTS LATER
text: Burke and Merv walk along 42nd Street. A poster
dialog: advertises Peter Pan "Sponsored by Parade of Hope --
dialog: Giving Children the Gift of Promise!" Merv's
text: thugs trail behind.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: No one freezes me out of an ice
dialog: show. No one. I don't care how
dialog: many fucking clinics he's trying
dialog: to save.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Look, I'm chokin' on the same bone
dialog: as you.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: If you're trying to aggravate me,
dialog: you're doing a hell of a job.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'm not here to aggravate, just
dialog: educate. I think Mopes might be
dialog: talking to people he shouldn't be
text: talking to.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: That's an ugly string of words.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: He's got it in his head that he's
dialog: gonna clean up the way we do
dialog: business.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Truthfully? I wouldn't be
text: surprised if he's wearing a wire.
text: Burke looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Jesus, I got a thing across town.
text: He steps off the curb to hail a cab.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Let's keep talking, Merv. There's
dialog: oughta be some kind of solution.
dialog: Don't you think?
text: Burke hops into a cab. Merv watches the cab pull away.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - OUTSIDE KIDNET BUILDING - TIGHT
scene_heading: SHOT - LEGS OF SMALL CARD TABLE - MORNING
text: SNAP open. The table is set on the sidewalk. A man's
text: legs ENTER the FRAME and shakily climb on top of the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Randolph stands on the table directly in front of the
text: Kidnet Building. He raises the megaphone to his mouth.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Attention, New Yorkers! You are
text: about to hear a shocking story
dialog: of injustice!
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Randolph stands on the table directly in front of the
dialog: Kidnet Building.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I urge you to listen! It has a
dialog: surprise ending you won't want
dialog: to miss!
text: A crowd starts to form on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
text: It's the story of a venomous rhino
dialog: and his aggressive campaign to
dialog: slander, vilify, defame, denigrate
dialog: and villainize my good name! But
dialog: one thing he can't do, is take my
dialog: life from me. No, friends, only I
dialog: have the power to do that!
text: He reaches down and picks up a can of gasoline.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: This is what Smoochy has done to
dialog: me! He's brought me to this! I
dialog: can no longer live in a world
dialog: where the innocent suffer and
dialog: the wicked thrive!
text: Randolph raises the can over his head and pauses
dialog: dramatically.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Where is God??!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He drenches himself with gasoline. The crowd grows
text: larger. He holds up a pack of matches.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I'm sorry to do this, people.
dialog: Don't try to talk me out of it.
text: The crowd starts to applaud. Randolph looks baffled.
scene_heading: MAN IN CROWD
dialog: Do it! Light it!
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Our guest of honor will be here
dialog: any moment! This is for his eyes!
dialog: For his conscience. He'll have to
dialog: live with this imagine for the
dialog: rest of his miserable life!
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Sheldon sits in the back of a limo on his way to work,
text: reading the paper. The headline blares: "SMOOCHY
text: ANNOUNCES ICE SHOW AT GARDEN." The subhead reads:
text: "ALL PROCEEDS TO BENEFIT BROOKLYN CLINIC."
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: (to driver)
dialog: Take it from me, Lester. Use your
dialog: power. Don't squander it -- build
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: LESTER
dialog: Sound advice, Mr. Mopes. If I
dialog: ever get any power I'll give that
text: a whirl.
dialog: (notices crowd
dialog: up ahead)
dialog: Hey, what's going on up there?
text: Sheldon glances up from his paper.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Looks like a street performer of
dialog: some sort.
text: He goes back to his paper.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Randolph sees the Kidnet limo approaching.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: This is it, folks! It's showtime!
dialog: I'm sorry to do this, but he's
dialog: left me no choice!
text: Randolph tries to light another match, but it's wet from
text: the gasoline. The crowd laughs and starts taunting him.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Shut up, you hillbilly assholes!
dialog: You're borough trash! Go back to
dialog: your huts across the river!
text: Randolph keeps trying to light the match. Finally, after
text: several attempts, it lights. He holds it up. The crowd
text: burst into applause.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Fuck you! Fuck all you people! I
dialog: was the last of the Mohicans!
dialog: You'll never see another Rainbow
dialog: Randolph in this lifetime! You
dialog: had me and you blew it! All of
dialog: you!
text: He turns and faces the approaching limousine.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: This if for you, Smoochy!
dialog: Remember this! As long as you
dialog: live, remember this image! You
dialog: did this to me!
text: He brings the match closer to his gasoline-soaked body.
text: The limo continues to approach. The crowd taunts him to
text: do it. He tries to bring the match closer, but his hand
text: is shaking. Suddenly, a LITTLE GIRL pushes through the
text: crowd. Everyone quiets down as she looks up at
dialog: Randolph.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Whatcha doin', Rainbow Randolph?
text: Randolph freezes as he looks down at the Little Girl. A
text: slight look of hope comes over his face. She smiles
text: sweetly at him, walks over, and blows out the match.
text: Randolph is overcome with emotion. Just then, Sheldon's
text: LIMO WHOOSHES past him. The crowd cheers.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Smoochy!!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: They all run away from Randolph and over to Sheldon's
text: limo as it pulls in front of the Kidnet Building.
text: Randolph stares at them blankly. He looks down. The
text: Little Girl is gone. Sheldon gets out of the limo.
text: The crowd cheers him as he waves to them before going
dialog: inside.
text: A look of utter frustration now comes over Randolph.
speaker_heading: OVERHEAD SHOT
text: Randolph drops to his knees on the table, looks skyward,
text: and screams.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: What does it all mean??!!
text: The CAMERA RISES ABOVE him as he lets out an anguished
text: howl that REVERBERATES through the skyscrapers.
scene_heading: INT. KIDNET STUDIOS - BACKSTAGE - TIGHT ON DISAPPOINTED
scene_heading: FACE OF SPINNER DUNN - DAY
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: What do you mean I can't play the
dialog: cowbell no more?
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Sheldon gently tries to break the news to Spinner who's
text: on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You're too talented for the
dialog: cowbell, Spinner. Cowbells are
dialog: for babies.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: (a little angry)
dialog: I ain't no baby!
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: That's right. You're a fully
text: grown man. With whiskers... and
dialog: scars... the whole sha-bang.
dialog: That's why you deserve a bigger
dialog: role on the show. A more
dialog: important role...
text: Spinner's face starts to perk up.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO C - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: It's the middle of a Smoochy taping. Smoochy and the
dialog: Gang are wrapping up a song entitled, "My Stepdad's Not
text: Mean (He's Just Adjusting.)" The kids in the bleachers
text: are singing the chorus.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: 'Stepdads are people too/ They
dialog: have bad days, like we all do/
dialog: Be patient and help them through/
dialog: Stepdads are people too...'
text: Smoochy continues the song.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: (singing)
text: ... 'So three cheers for the man
dialog: that I proudly call Stan... He's
dialog: not quite a dad or a brother...
dialog: Yes, he gets cross, but still he's
dialog: the boss... And besides he takes
dialog: care of my mother!'
text: The song ends. The kids in the bleachers applaud.
text: Smoochy addresses them.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Remember, kids. First
dialog: impressions, good or bad, are not
dialog: always what they seem. Just like
dialog: a new puppy, new dads need to
dialog: adjust to their surroundings. So
dialog: give 'em time! But always
dialog: remember... if he becomes abusive
dialog: to you or Mommy... what are the
dialog: magic numbers?
scene_heading: KIDS IN BLEACHERS
dialog: (shouting in unison)
dialog: Nine-One-One!
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Right-o-riffic!
text: The Smoochyland Band plays a little fanfare.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: And now, boys and girls, I have a
dialog: special surprise. I'd like to
dialog: introduce the newest member of the
dialog: Magic Jungle... my cousin...
dialog: Moochy the Rhino!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Smoochyland Band plays a happy little song as Spinner
text: Dunn, in costume as Moochy, runs on stage. The Moochy
text: costume is identical to Smoochy only it's a darker
text: orange instead of bright orange.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Howdy, Moochy! Welcome to the
dialog: Jungle! You wanna say howdy to
dialog: the kids?
text: Spinner freezes. He stares at the camera.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: Moochy?
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: My name is Moochy.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: That's right. We've established
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: (leaning into Sheldon)
dialog: Sheldon, this costume's makin' my
dialog: nuts itch.
text: Sheldon looks horrified. The Smoochyland Band quickly
text: launches into some music. Smoochy, Moochy and a few
text: other jungle animals begin to dance. Moochy's lumbering
text: movements are in stark contrast to the choreographed
text: steps of the others. As a bonus, he occasionally
text: scratches his crotch.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDON'S DRESSING ROOM - AFTER THE SHOW
text: A happy Spinner (still in costume as Moochy) pokes his
text: head into Sheldon's dressing room. Sheldon, still in
text: costume as well, looks drained after the difficult
text: taping.
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: That was fun! Was it bad when I
dialog: done that thing, where I tripped
dialog: and knocked over the Flamingo and
text: then he knocked over the cameraman
dialog: and then those lights fell down on
dialog: that lady's head?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: It's fine, Spinner. We'll edit it
dialog: out. But tomorrow in rehearsal
dialog: we're gonna work on a new thing
dialog: called 'the importance of hitting
dialog: your mark.'
speaker_heading: SPINNER
dialog: Great! I get to hit something!
text: Spinner dances off. A beat later, Nora enters and shuts
text: the door. There's an awkward beat of silence.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I read about the ice show.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Yeah, the papers seem to be really
dialog: covering it.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I think it's great. What you're
dialog: doing for that clinic.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Thanks.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I just need some clarification...
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Don't worry. Spinner just needs
dialog: a little more rehearsal. I'll get
dialog: him there.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No I mean about us.
text: Sheldon looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Ever since you've been back I just
dialog: feel like there's something that's
dialog: not connecting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I guess I'm still readjusting a
dialog: little. Like a guy who's come
dialog: back from the war. Not that I'd
dialog: equate my misfortune with the
dialog: brave men and women who protect
dialog: us overseas.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I just thought we were on our way
dialog: to something... granted, my
dialog: mistaken belief that you had ties
dialog: to Neo-Nazis might have put a
dialog: damper on our relationship, but
dialog: I'm sorry for --
text: Sheldon suddenly jumps up and grabs her. He kisses her
text: passionately. Nora immediately starts ripping off his
text: costume as they make out. They fall to the floor in
text: a lustful embrace.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO - BACK HALLWAY - SAME TIME
text: Spinner, humming to himself, lumbers down the hallway on
text: his way to the wardrobe room. Halfway down the hall, he
text: hears a voice call out to him.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey -- rhino.
text: Spinner turns around. The door to the fire exit swings
text: open. Two of Merv's thugs emerge and grab Spinner (who's
text: still in full Moochy costume) and drag him into the
dialog: stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND PARKING GARAGE - MOMENT LATER
text: Spinner is dragged into the garage and knocked to the
text: pavement. Several more thugs emerge from the shadows,
text: including Henry, Merv's main henchman. They start
text: beating him with lead pipes. Henry pulls out a REVOLVER.
text: He SHOOTS the rhino several times. A sedan trunk is
text: popped open and Moochy is thrown inside. The CAR
text: SCREECHES up to the street.
scene_heading: INT. CHINATOWN - NIGHT
text: We CRANE DOWN FROM a Chinese banner that stretches across
text: two tenements. We LAND ON the seedy, deserted street
text: below as the SEDAN BARRELS INTO FRAME and SQUEALS to a
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Two thugs emerge from the car. They pull Spinner/Moochy
text: from the trunk and toss his body by some garbage cans,
text: knocking a few over. They get back in the car and speed
text: away. Moochy's lifeless foam body rolls into the gutter
text: and lays motionless. Blood seeps through his foamy
dialog: torso.
scene_heading: LOW OVERHEAD SHOT
text: of Spinner/Moochy. We SLOWLY START TO RISE UP as we LOOK
text: DOWN AT the rhino's body. The WIND WHISTLES through the
text: empty street as we get HIGHER. The Chinese banner
text: rustles THROUGH the FRAME. As we get HIGHER AND HIGHER,
text: we hear the intermittent CLANG of a PRIZE FIGHT BELL.
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAME STREET - HOURS LATER
text: In the same frame, detectives and uniformed cops are now
text: at the scene gathering evidence. Where Spinner once lay,
text: there is now a bright yellow chalk outline in the shape
text: of a rhinoceros.
scene_heading: INT. PARADE OF HOPE OFFICES - NEXT DAY
text: FULL FRAME ON a TELEVISION screen. A local news anchor
text: is reading the top story.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: Former heavyweight contender and
dialog: restaurateur Lawrence 'Spinner'
text: Dunn was found shot to death in a
dialog: rhinoceros outfit early this
dialog: morning in Chinatown. Dunn, a
dialog: frequent performer on 'Smoochy's
dialog: Magic Jungle,' was pronounced dead
text: at the scene. Police are
dialog: searching for --
text: A hand ENTERS FRAME and violently slaps the TV OFF.
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: An enraged Merv Green glares at his henchmen, Henry and
dialog: MITCH.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: How could you hit the wrong
dialog: rhino?!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Who knew Smoochy had a cousin
dialog: Moochy? They look fucking
dialog: identical.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Smoochy is bright orange, Moochy
dialog: is burnt rust! Read the papers!
dialog: Do I gotta take you back to
dialog: fucking kindergarten?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: All you said was 'hit the rhino.'
dialog: You never specified the color.
dialog: I'm not taking the blame for this
dialog: one.
text: Merv's anger builds. He turns to a picture of Smoochy
text: which is tacked to a bulletin board along with other kid
dialog: show personalities that the foundation extorts. Merv
text: picks up a letter opener and violently thrusts it into
dialog: the picture.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: I'm not through with you yet,
dialog: rhino! Your time will fucking
dialog: come!
scene_heading: INT. ANGELO'S APARTMENT - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: Cops rummage through Angelo's apartment. In the b.g.,
text: a detective, ELLIS, interviews Angelo. Another
text: detective, McCALL, is looking through some papers he
dialog: found.
speaker_heading: McCALL
dialog: Ellie, over here.
text: Ellis walks over. McCall shows him some scribblings he's
text: found in a notebook of Randolph's. The crude drawings
text: depict Smoochy with his head cut off... with a knife in
dialog: his heart... being pissed on by Randolph, etc. "Die,
text: Rhino, Die" is scrawled hundreds of times, filling page
text: after page. The two detectives look at each other and
dialog: nod.
scene_heading: INT. SPINNER DUNN'S RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Spinner sleeps forever in an open casket, clutching his
text: cowbell. Dozens of Spinner's relatives are at the wake.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A bagpipe player plays "Amazing Grace." Sheldon stands
text: at the casket, fighting back tears as he stares down at
text: his old friend. Nora has her arm around him.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: It's my fault. He'd still be
dialog: alive if it wasn't for me. He
dialog: would have been so proud to be in
dialog: the ice show.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: There was nothing you could have
dialog: done. Don't torture yourself.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'm sorry, Spinner. I'm so sorry.
text: Tommy and the boys walk over. Tommy puts his arm around
text: Sheldon as he gazes somberly at Spinner.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: He really loved you, Shel. And
dialog: this I guarantee -- that fucking
dialog: Randolph has seen his last
dialog: rainbow. We're gonna find him,
dialog: cut off his balls, and shove 'em
dialog: up his ass.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Maybe you better leave it to the
dialog: police.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They won't do the ball thing.
dialog: It's against procedure.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Don't forget -- that hit was meant
dialog: for you, Shel. So from now on,
dialog: everywhere you go, we go.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: That's okay, Tommy. I'll be fine.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Fine, nothin'. And as Christ is
dialog: my witness, no one's touchin' a
dialog: hair on your fuckin' head.
dialog: Spinner would have wanted it that
dialog: way.
text: Tommy's crew nods and agrees.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (to the boys)
dialog: Alright, boys, let's get shit-
dialog: faced. For Spin.
text: They head for the bar. Nora and Sheldon look down at
text: Spinner in silence.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Didn't Rickets the Hippo have a
dialog: song about death?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: 'The Last Nappy Time.' It gave me
dialog: a lot of comfort when my mother
dialog: died.
dialog: (sings quietly)
dialog: 'When doggies stop barking
dialog: And fish cease to swim
text: And Grandpa lays silent, from his
text: head to his limbs
dialog: Sadness will find you
dialog: But soon you'll feel fine...'
text: Sheldon joins in.
speaker_heading: SHELDON/NORA
dialog: 'In life we all have
dialog: Our Last Nappy Time.'
text: Sheldon looks at her. They embrace as BAGPIPE MUSIC
speaker_heading: SWELLS.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: The news zipper in Times Square glides through the night
text: air: "MANHUNT UNDERWAY FOR RAINBOW RANDOLPH... SUSPECTED
text: IN BOXER'S MURDER... SEEN OUTSIDE BUILDING SHORTLY BEFORE
text: SHOOTING, DRENCHED IN GASOLINE AND ACTING PECULIAR..."
text: We CRANE DOWN FROM the zipper ONTO the sidewalk.
text: Randolph is talking on a pay phone. We hear Angelo on
dialog: the other end.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I didn't do it! I know you're
dialog: still mad at me, but you gotta
dialog: believe me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELO (V.O.)
dialog: The papers say you were the
dialog: mastermind.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Mastermind? I can barely figure
dialog: out how to unzip my pants these
dialog: days. Just taking a piss is a
dialog: logistical nightmare.
speaker_heading: ANGELO (V.O.)
dialog: I believe you, Randy. But you
dialog: can't come back to my place.
dialog: They'll find you. You gotta go
dialog: underground.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBERTY FLOUR AND BISCUIT FACTORY - NIGHT
text: We are outside the long-abandoned Liberty Biscuit and
text: Flour factory. The Liberty sign with its Statue of
text: Liberty logo is eroded and partially missing.
scene_heading: INT. LIBERTY BISCUIT AND FLOUR FACTORY - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: ACTION
text: Inside the massive dormant factory, rats scurry around
text: and pigeons occasionally fly from window sill to window
text: sill. A makeshift living area has been set up in the
text: middle of it all -- a chair, lamp, small table, hot
text: plate, etc. Randolph lays on the dilapidated conveyor
text: belt, huddled under a blanket.
text: Angelo enters the factory through a rusty door, carrying
dialog: provisions.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: It's heatin' up out there. Every
dialog: cop in New York is looking for
dialog: you. And Tommy Cotter's boys are
dialog: combin' the streets. You're gonna
dialog: have to stay put for a while.
text: Randolph sits up on the conveyor belt, blanket draped
text: over his shoulders. He's a physical and emotional wreck.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I was an altar boy once. Did you
dialog: know that? I wanted to be a
dialog: priest. Do you believe in angels,
dialog: Angie?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Angels?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: There was a little angel in
dialog: pigtails. She was the only one
dialog: who cared about me. She saved my
dialog: life.
text: Angelo hops up on the conveyor belt to console Randolph.
text: Randolph rests his head on Angelo's shoulder.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: You didn't want to kill yourself,
dialog: Randy. You know that.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Perhaps it's time to heal. To
dialog: accept the fact that Smoochy has
text: won and gracefully march forward.
dialog: True, I'm currently wanted for a
dialog: murder I didn't commit. But I
dialog: have faith. Faith that justice
dialog: will prevail.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Now you're talkin', kid. This is
dialog: a big step... I'm proud of you.
text: He strokes Randolph's head.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Did you bring lunch?
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Chicken and stars?
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Just like you asked for.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Can I have some, please?
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: For a smile.
text: Randolph sniffs and manages a small pitiful smile.
text: Angelo musses his hair.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Atta boy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Angelo lifts one of the grocery bags onto the conveyor
dialog: belt.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Here, I got you some crossword
dialog: puzzles and stuff to read.
text: Angelo hops off the conveyor belt and turns on the hot
text: plate. He starts to open a can of soup. Randolph
text: reaches into the bag and pulls out a copy of the New York
text: Post. The lead article's headline reads, "WAKE FOR
text: SPINNER." A large photograph shows mourners leaving the
text: restaurant after the wake. Clearly visible are Sheldon
text: and Nora. They have their arms around each other.
text: Randolph's eyes widen. He starts to hyperventilate.
text: Angelo looks up.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: You okay? Randy?
text: Finally, Randolph expels a blood-curdling scream that
text: ECHOES through the factory.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Motherfucker!!!!!!!
text: Angelo drops the soup. Birds in the factory flutter from
text: the rafters.
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - ICE RINK
text: Sheldon and the Rhinettes work on some choreography for
text: that night's show. Nora watches from the sidelines. As
text: Sheldon skates on the ice rink, Merv enters with Roy and
text: Danny. Sheldon skates over to them. Nora walks over,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Big news, Shel.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: It wasn't Smiley who killed
dialog: Spinner. It was Parade of Hope.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Merv Green?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Are you sure? The cops have tons
text: of evidence on Randolph.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: We did our own investigation.
dialog: Cousin Ian from down at the
dialog: morgue... you met him at the
dialog: wake...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. SPINNER DUNN'S - DAY
text: Tommy is at the bar listening intently to a man, IAN,
text: who is pointing to certain details on a photograph.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: See the neck? Snapped like a
dialog: twig. Animals... Parade of Hope's
dialog: calling card. When they do a guy,
dialog: they like to sign the tab.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What's that guy's name over there?
dialog: Green?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Yeah, Merv Green.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: This was one time they shoulda
text: left the tab blank.
scene_heading: INT. ICE RINK (PRESENT)
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I knew Merv Green was a scumbag
dialog: from the day he grabbed my ass at
dialog: a 'Feed the Children' benefit.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, God help those guys now.
dialog: They're gonna get a first-class
dialog: ride through the criminal justice
dialog: system, and I'm buying the
dialog: tickets.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: It's all taken care of, Shel.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: What does that mean?
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A bloodied Merv Green is tied to a chair in the middle
text: of the warehouse as he begs Tommy for his life. Merv's
text: two henchmen lay dead nearby. Roy, Jimmy and Sammy --
text: Tommy's guys -- stand behind her.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: It was a mistake! An honest
dialog: mistake! All I'm trying to do is
dialog: help children.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You like kids, huh?
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Yes! Of course!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: So you must know a few fairy
dialog: tales. Danny, tell him the one
dialog: about the worthless prick who gets
text: his head chopped off.
text: Danny, holding a hatchet, advances toward Merv. Tommy
text: casually walks away. We STAY WITH Tommy. Merv is NO
scene_heading: LONGER IN FRAME.
speaker_heading: MERV (O.S.)
dialog: No... no... no!
text: He SCREAMS.
text: We hear the sound of the HATCHET HITTING its target.
text: Merv's pleading stops.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Now you know why charities go
dialog: under sometimes.
scene_heading: INT. ICE RINK (PRESENT)
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Do we really need to hear this?
dialog: I don't want to hear this.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
text: A clean cut.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Okay, got it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: And then we took his head and --
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Thank you! Specifics about his
dialog: head are superfluous at this
dialog: point.
scene_heading: INT. STOKES' OFFICE - EVENING
text: Nora is alone in Stokes' office, rearranging cards on
text: the giant cork board that displays the network schedule.
text: She is startled to hear a deep voice behind her.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Where is he?
text: She turns around. Chick, Tobi, and Sambo are standing
text: there. Chick walks over to the cork board. He scans a
text: row of cards that all read "Smoochy."
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (attitude)
dialog: Can I help you with something?
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Yeah, honey, you can help us
dialog: with something...
text: He rips a Smoochy index card from the board, walks over
text: to her and waves it in her face.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: You tell that boss of yours he
dialog: better take care of the rhino
dialog: problem. In my culture we honor
dialog: deals or invite consequences.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about and your cologne's making
dialog: me nauseous. Other than that,
dialog: you're great company.
text: Chick looks at his boys and chuckles.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Spicy little thing, isn't she?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He suddenly pulls out a switchblade and holds it to
text: Nora's throat.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Takashi gets that time slot. You
dialog: hear me, girly? Tell that boss of
dialog: yours we'll kill everyone at this
dialog: fucking network if we have to.
dialog: Starting with the pretty ones.
text: He removes the knife from her throat and hurls it toward
text: the bulletin board. It lands -- sticking right in the
text: middle of a Smoochy card.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Auf Wiedersehen, honey.
text: They exit.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDON'S PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Nora is pacing. Sheldon sits by the fire.
speaker_heading: NORA
text: It's Stokes. He's behind the
dialog: whole thing! He cut some kind of
dialog: deal for the Smoochy slot!
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: He wants you out so he can put
dialog: Takashi in!
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Who's Takashi?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Jesus, Sheldon! Don't you ever
dialog: pick up a copy of International
dialog: Performer? He's the hottest kid
dialog: show host from Asia.
text: Sheldon's head is swimming. Suddenly the front door to
text: to the penthouse bursts open. Randolph, dressed like
text: he's about to do his old show, stumbles in waving a gun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Ah! How very cozy. Like two logs
dialog: in a little bonfire. All we need
text: is a few sticks and some wienies.
text: He almost trips as he stumbles over to Sheldon. He
text: waves the gun in his face.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I had her before you! Pachyderm!
dialog: I was in love with her! In love!
dialog: And you snatched her away! Like
dialog: a common thief! You're the bad
dialog: guy! Not me! He's the bad guy,
dialog: Nora. He's incapable of
dialog: understanding the love we once
dialog: had! Tender, yet passionate.
dialog: Old-fashioned, yet experimental.
dialog: (cackles)
dialog: Tell him about a few of our
dialog: experiments, Nora! Tell him!
text: Sheldon looks stunned. Nora hangs her head.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (to Nora)
dialog: Is this true? Please tell me it's
text: just the confused ramblings of a
dialog: diseased mind.
text: She looks at him, but doesn't say anything.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Holy mother of Toledo. When
dialog: exactly were you planning to let
dialog: me know about this?!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (turns to Sheldon)
dialog: Listen, there was a time -- and
dialog: I'm not proud of this -- but there
dialog: was a time when I was a bit of
dialog: a... kiddie-host groupie.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You're just another action figure
dialog: for her collection!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: That's not fair!
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Tell him about Jingle Jackson!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You dated Jingle Jackson?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: The bells turned her on. Hey,
dialog: tell him about Jumbo Johnny!
dialog: There's a tale for ya! A whale
dialog: of a tale!
text: She looks down, somewhat ashamed. A look of utter shock
text: comes over Sheldon.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Oh good Lord in Heaven.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Look, what I did before I met you
dialog: is none of your business.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Shut up! Both of you! This is
dialog: my show!
text: He waves the gun threateningly as he backs up to an
text: armchair and sits down.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Do you fully understand the power
dialog: of a condemned man? Do you? I'm
dialog: already wanted for one murder, why
dialog: should I give a flaming horse's
dialog: twat if I commit two more?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I... uh... read once that the best
dialog: way to diffuse a tense situation
dialog: is with a little humor. To that
dialog: end, would you like to hear a
dialog: funny joke?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (rolling his eyes)
dialog: Oh, please. Go blow yourself,
dialog: Martha.
dialog: (waves gun again)
dialog: Fix me a beverage, woman. Make me
dialog: one of those drinks that used to
dialog: make us all warm and fuzzy before
dialog: bouncy-bouncy time!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Fix it yourself, asshole.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (points to gun)
dialog: Remember, I have Mr. Boomy.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'm telling you, you'd love this
text: joke. It revolves around Santa
dialog: Claus and the Easter Bunny getting
text: into a fender bender.
text: Nora rolls her eyes and goes to the bar.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (to Sheldon)
dialog: You know, when I lived here I used
dialog: to have a big painting above the
text: fireplace. A naked chick holding
dialog: a pumpkin. It was very tasteful.
dialog: No bush...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Look, Randolph. We know it
dialog: wasn't you who killed Spinner.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: We'll go to the police, first
dialog: thing tomorrow... straighten
dialog: everything out.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Oh! Goody-goody gumdrops!
dialog: (to Nora)
dialog: Vodka straight up is fine, sugar
dialog: babe!
text: He grabs the bottle out of her hand. He rises from the
text: chair. He takes a CD, "PARTY TIME WITH RAINBOW
text: RANDOLPH," from his pocket and puts it into an
text: audio system on the fireplace wall.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Did you put on a little weight,
dialog: honey? That's okay, you're still
dialog: a hot little brood mare. I bet
dialog: you miss the sweet sting of my
dialog: riding crop. Giddy up, pony!
text: The THEME SONG from his show starts to PLAY. He flicks
text: a switch and a spotlight goes on. He sings and dances.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (to tune of
dialog: 'Ol' MacDonald)
dialog: 'Rainbow Randolph is the man.
dialog: Yes he, yes he, is.
dialog: He's the Prez of Rainbowland.
dialog: Yes he, yes he, is.
dialog: With some fun, fun here, and a
dialog: laugh, laugh there.
text: Here a dance, there a song,
dialog: Everything is fun, fun.
dialog: Rainbow Randolph is the King, the
dialog: King of Rainbowland!'
text: Randolph takes another drink from the vodka bottle.
text: Sheldon suddenly lunges at Randolph and tries to grab
text: the gun. Randolph shrieks. The two men wrestle on the
dialog: floor, but Randolph is not much of a fighter. He
text: screams as Sheldon rolls him toward the fireplace.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Is this what you want? A Hansel
dialog: and Gretel ending?! You want to
dialog: be the big bad wolf?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Stop! It's too hot! The heat!
dialog: It's driving me mad!
text: Randolph rolls Sheldon to the bottom. Nora reaches for a
text: fireplace poker and whacks Randolph with it. Randolph
text: cries out and drops the gun. Sheldon grabs it and points
text: it at Randolph who lies on the floor, blubbering like a
text: child. He's bleeding.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Go ahead, kill me! Finish me off.
dialog: My life's over anyway. Everything
dialog: I touch turns to shit. Put me out
dialog: of my misery.
text: Sheldon slowly takes the gun away from Randolph's head.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You're not nothing. You're
dialog: bitter, misguided and I'm guessing
dialog: a raging alcoholic, but you're
dialog: still Rainbow Randolph. Despite
dialog: everything that's happened, you
dialog: once made children happy.
text: Randolph sits up and looks at Sheldon through watery
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Would you be my friend?
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (to Nora)
dialog: You too?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Sorry about the brood mare stuff.
text: Randolph throws his arms around Sheldon and cries into
text: his shoulder. Sheldon pats his back. He glances down at
text: Randolph's gun and sees that it's a toy.
text: Nora pours vodka onto a small pillow she's taken from
text: one of the chairs. She kneels next to Randolph and blots
text: the gash on his head with the vodka soaked pillow.
text: Randolph lets out a blood curdling scream.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDON'S FOYER - TIGHT ON REVOLVER - SHORT WHILE
speaker_heading: LATER
text: being loaded.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Sheldon loads his gun as Randolph is curled up on the
text: couch like a little puppy. Nora hands him a cup of tea.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (a pitiful child)
dialog: Thank you.
text: She walks over to Sheldon.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (re: gun)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Sheldon continues to load the gun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Just making the playing field
dialog: even. I'm tired of running this
text: race with one leg.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You're letting them drag you down
dialog: to their level.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (from couch)
dialog: She's right, Sheldon. Don't make
dialog: the same mistakes I did. Keep
dialog: your dignity intact.
text: He accidentally spills some hot tea on himself.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch!
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I appreciate everyone's concern,
dialog: but I can take care of myself.
text: Nora and Randolph look at each other.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (mouthing to Nora)
dialog: I tried.
text: Sheldon stuffs some extra bullets in his pocket.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (to Randolph)
dialog: Okay, buddy, we have to get down
dialog: to the Garden. You're welcome to
dialog: stay here as long as you like.
dialog: Just don't leave until I get
text: things squared away.
text: Randolph gets up and walks over to him.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Be careful, Sheldon. Remember
dialog: what I told you -- you've only
dialog: scratched the surface of this
dialog: scummy business. You have yet to
dialog: strike oil.
text: Randolph looks at him for a moment before turning to
dialog: Nora.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You're lucky to have a guy like
dialog: Smoochy.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You just rest, Randolph.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: He's the real thing. Smoochy's the
dialog: real thing. And I've been a fraud.
text: A wicked man doing wicked acts.
text: Sheldon slaps the cylinder into place and tucks the gun
text: in his waistband.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Well, we all have our bad days.
text: He exits.
scene_heading: INT. HAWAII KAI - LATER THAT EVENING
text: A hula dancer performs on a tiny stage in the nightclub.
text: A small Hawaiian string band plays behind her. Burke
text: and a nervous-looking Stokes sit in a booth.
speaker_heading: STOKES
text: Things are getting out of hand.
dialog: We have to cover our tracks.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Relax, everything's gonna work
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Relax? They found Merv Green's
dialog: head on the Grand Concourse!
dialog: Excuse my concern.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Look, we can cover all the tracks
dialog: we want, but in the end we still
dialog: got the same problem. We gotta
dialog: finish what we started.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: God help us...
text: Stokes shakily takes a sip of his drink.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: It'll all be over tonight.
dialog: Buggy's gonna take care of
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Buggy? Buggy Ding-Dong? The guy
dialog: who hosted 'Buggy's Bumpy
dialog: Railroad'?
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Yeah, until he discovered the joys
dialog: of Turkish black mule heroin. For
dialog: the right price he'll do anything.
dialog: It's amazing the guy's still alive.
text: Stokes buries his head in his hands.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: I don't know, Burke... this whole
dialog: thing...
text: A shadow falls across their table. Burke looks up.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Speak of the devil. Have a seat,
dialog: Bug.
text: Buggy Ding-Dong's hand ENTERS the FRAME and snubs out his
text: Camel. Stokes looks up.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: (attempting to
dialog: sound cheerful)
dialog: Buggy. You're looking good.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUGGY
dialog: A man who looks like he would first kill you then eat you
text: for dinner, slides into the booth next to Stokes.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: It's time we put this thing to
dialog: rest, Frank. And the way I see
dialog: it... the rhino's up past his
dialog: bedtime.
text: Burke hands a folded envelope to Buggy who puts it into
text: his jacket pocket. He lights another Camel.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - AERIAL SHOT - EVENING
text: "SMOOCH ON ICE -- SOLD OUT!" flashes on the electronic
text: marquee.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: ACTION
text: Men, women and children flood in through the turnstiles.
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Ushers, costumed as Rhinettes, help people to their
text: seats. People mull about the concession stands which
text: are adorned with signs that read: "Complimentary Apple
dialog: Slices!" "Have a Salt-Free Pretzel!" "Enjoy a Soy Dog
text: on Smoochy!" "Fresh Squeezed O.J. -- Have a Glass!"
dialog: "Sugar Free Brownies -- They're Not as Bad as they
dialog: Sound!" "Free! Everything is Free!" "Keep Your
dialog: Wallet in Your Pocket!" "Friendship is More Important
dialog: than Money!"
scene_heading: INT. ANGELO'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Angelo's place looks like a cyclone hit it. Angelo
text: works free from the ropes that have bound his wrists.
text: He has been hit over the head and is groggy as he
text: reaches for the phone.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDON'S PENTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: A freshly showered Randolph is wearing Sheldon's robe and
text: has a pink towel wrapped around his head as he lounges on
text: the living room sofa. He's eating grapes and reading
text: National Geographic. The PHONE RINGS. He picks it up.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (sing-songy)
dialog: Hellooo!
text: We GO TO a SPLIT-SCREEN with Angelo.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Randy, is that you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Yes, Angelo, my little Twinkie,
dialog: shouldn't you be getting ready for
dialog: the big show?
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Listen, Buggy's been here.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Buggy Double D's? The Dong Man?
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Yeah, he lifted my backstage pass
dialog: and he's braggin' that he's
dialog: doing some kind of job for Burke
dialog: Bennett.
text: Randolph thinks. He suddenly looks very worried.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Sheldon's in trouble. I gotta get
text: down to the Garden.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
text: The place is crawling with cops.
dialog: They'll jump on you like a
text: trampoline.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I don't care.
text: He rips the towel from his head.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I have to warn the rhino.
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - BASEMENT
text: Buggy, in his ill-fitting Rhinette costume, emerges from
text: the sub-basement carrying a thin suitcase. As far as
dialog: anyone's concerned, he's just another usher. He heads
dialog: for the stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Every seat in the arena is occupied. The lights are
text: lowered. A slow rolling TYMPANY is heard. After a
text: moment, the Rhinettes skate out to enthusiastic applause.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Sheldon, looking very intense, stands alone in the wings.
text: He takes a couple of deep breaths. We TILT DOWN and see
text: the bulge of the revolver under his Smoochy costume.
speaker_heading: ICE RINK
text: The Rhinettes have formed a line across the middle of the
dialog: rink.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: And now... it gives us great
dialog: pleasure to introduce America's
dialog: favorite rhino... ladies and
dialog: gentlemen... boys and girls...
dialog: (dramatic pause)
dialog: Heeeeere's Smoochy!
text: Smoochy skates out to thunderous applause. The entire
text: arena is on its feet. The Rhinettes part as Smoochy
text: skates through them and stops in the middle of the rink.
text: The applause and cheering don't stop for several moments.
text: One of the Rhinettes hands Smoochy a microphone.
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: On behalf of myself, the
dialog: Rhinettes, and the soon to be
dialog: restored Coney Island Methadone
dialog: Center, I thank you all for
dialog: coming.
speaker_heading: NETWORK BOX
text: Burke and Stokes roll their eyes.
scene_heading: BACK ON SHELDON
speaker_heading: SMOOCHY
dialog: It was my original intention that
dialog: tonight's performance would be a
text: benign mix of Smoochy songs and
dialog: ice dancing. But as an artist, I
dialog: believe I must convey to you, my
dialog: fans, what I'm feeling at any
dialog: given moment in my life. To do
dialog: otherwise would be dishonest. Art
dialog: is communication. It's something
dialog: we learn and hopefully grow from.
dialog: With that in mind... I hope you
dialog: enjoy the show.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: More applause as Smoochy skates over to the Rhinettes.
text: They form a circle around him and slap hands in
dialog: solidarity.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: This is for Spinner.
text: The lights go down. A full orchestra begins to play the
text: overture to WAGNER's Tristen et Isolde. The lights come
text: up as a soprano -- a heavyset woman in a modified rhino
text: costume -- skates out through the fog and begins singing
text: the opera. Smoochy -- now wearing a peasant's frock --
text: skates an interpretive dance in the b.g. with a few
text: Rhinettes who are also dressed as peasants. A beautiful
text: fairy princess floats down (on filament wire) from the
text: rafters and takes Smoochy's hand. She skates away with
text: him as he waves good-bye to the Rhinettes.
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE
text: LOOKING DOWN AT the opera. The CAMERA PANS OVER TO the
text: catwalk high above the rink.
speaker_heading: CATWALK
text: Buggy Ding-Dong, still in his Rhinette costume, settles
text: into his assassin's roost. He begins to assemble the
text: rifle and check the scope.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Randolph emerges from a cab and runs through the crowd
text: outside the Garden. A few people recognize him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It's Rainbow Randolph! Someone
dialog: stop him!
text: Randolph finds a side exit and slips into the arena.
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - FEW MINUTES LATER
text: The "Opera on Ice" continues. The soprano continues
text: singing as Smoochy reenacts the incidents of his recent
text: life. The fairy princess brings Smoochy to a room with a
text: gleaming white desk. Smoochy takes a seat behind the
text: desk. The fairy princess places a crown on his head,
text: bids him good-bye, and floats away. Smoochy sits proudly
text: in his new world.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Suddenly, Rhinettes dressed as devils glide in and skate
text: in a circle around the desk. They throw money at Smoochy.
text: He jumps up and skates away, but the Rhinette devils
text: pursue him with daggers. The music from the orchestra
text: intensifies as the drama plays out.
speaker_heading: NETWORK BOX
text: Nora continues to watch the opera, totally entranced.
text: Stokes and Burke look a little on edge. Burke glances at
dialog: his watch.
speaker_heading: CATWALK
text: Buggy finishes loading the rifle. He shines the barrel
text: with his sleeve and looks through the scope as Smoochy
dialog: and company continue to perform below.
scene_heading: POV THROUGH RIFLE SCOPE
text: Atmospheric fog created by the smoke machine is so thick
text: that Buggy has difficulty FINDING Sheldon THROUGH the
text: cross-hairs. Occasionally, Smoochy skates through a hole
text: in the clouds only to disappear again. BUGGY CURSES in
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: ARENA
text: Randolph pushes his way past Garden security and runs
text: toward the rink. Several cops working the event spot
text: him. A few spectators scream in horror.
speaker_heading: ICE RINK
text: The soprano's mournful aria reaches its crescendo as
text: Smoochy is now pursued by Rhinettes dressed as Nazis.
text: They hold signs with words like "SCANDAL" and "SHAME."
text: Smoochy skates to a section of the rink resembling
text: Chinatown where he lands over a fallen "Moochy." He
text: cradles Moochy's head in his arms as the Nazis glide past
text: him and disappear into the fog.
speaker_heading: NETWORK BOX
text: Nora wipes a tear from her eye as she watches the tragedy
text: play out. Burke and Stokes glance skyward. Nora notices
dialog: this.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: RINK'S EDGE
text: Randolph reaches the rink as cops push their way toward
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Sheldon!!!
text: But Sheldon can't hear over the orchestra. The soprano
text: hits a high note.
speaker_heading: CATWALK
text: Buggy aims the rifle.
scene_heading: POV THROUGH RIFLE SCOPE
text: Smoochy glides THROUGH the cross-hairs followed by a
dialog: Rhinette.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON BUGGY'S FINGER
text: as he quickly squeezes off a SHOT.
speaker_heading: RINK
text: The MUFFLED sound of GUNSHOT is absorbed by the intense
text: music. A wounded Rhinette falls to the ice, but no one
text: notices. Smoochy, oblivious, continues to skate toward
text: the "gates of heaven" with the angel Moochy. Giant white
text: gates slowly swing open at the rink's far end as floating
text: angels open their arms to welcome Moochy.
speaker_heading: OUTER RINK
text: Randolph runs around the rink's perimeter, trying to get
text: Sheldon's attention. Cops and security push their way
text: towards Randolph. He suddenly notices the felled
text: Rhinette on the ice and looks skyward. He can make out
text: a rifle barrel protruding from the catwalk.
speaker_heading: NETWORK BOX
text: Stokes and Burke notice a commotion in the audience.
text: They now see Randolph running through the crowd on his
text: way to the stairwell.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: (whispering to Burke)
dialog: What's he doing here?! He's going
dialog: to screw everything up!
text: Nora notices the distressed look on their faces and
text: follows their gaze to the rafters. She now sees the
text: rifle barrel.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - NORA
text: jumps to her feet. FAST PUSH IN TO Nora's mouth.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Sheldon!!!
text: She starts to climb out of the box but Burke stops her.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Nora...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You're in on this, aren't you!
dialog: You sold him out! You fucking
dialog: snake!
text: Stokes tries to put his arm around her.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Nora, please. It's not what you
dialog: think. I'm grooming you. You're
dialog: going to run the division one
dialog: day...
text: She pushes him. He goes down hard. She starts to climb
text: out of the box. Burke tries to grab her, but she spins
text: around and punches him. She runs for the rink.
text: Stokes stands in the box looking dumbstruck as pande-
text: monium plays out around him. People are running in all
text: directions, cops are everywhere.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: (frightened; to Burke)
dialog: What now? What do we do now?!
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Survival of the fittest!
text: Burke runs off through the panicked crowd. Stokes looks
text: around and heads off in the opposite direction.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE RINK
text: Tommy and her boys notice the commotion in the audience.
text: They see cops pursuing someone. They realize it's
text: Randolph. Tommy, Jimmy and Sammy take off after him.
speaker_heading: CATWALK
text: Buggy, in position again, looks through the rifle scope.
scene_heading: POV THROUGH RIFLE SCOPE
text: As the soprano reaches for an impossibly high note, the
text: fog dissipates slightly and Smoochy's foam rubber head
text: COMES perfectly INTO VIEW.
speaker_heading: BUGGY
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: RINK'S EDGE
text: Nora screams.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Sheldon!!! Get down!!!
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BUGGY'S FINGER
text: He's about to squeeze the trigger.
speaker_heading: CATWALK
text: Randolph reaches the catwalk as the orchestra plays a
text: dramatic series of smashing notes. He tackles Buggy just
text: as he squeezes off the SHOT.
speaker_heading: RINK
text: The top of Smoochy's foam rubber head is blown off. In
text: SLOW MOTION, Smoochy's tattered horn sails through the
text: air and lands softly on the ice.
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: Everyone in the arena screams and heads for the exits.
text: It's pandemonium. Thanks to Randolph, Buggy's shot was
text: too high and just missed Sheldon's skull.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A confused Sheldon bends over to pick up a chunk of the
text: Smoochy head.
text: Nora, who's entered at the opposite end of the rink,
text: tries to reach him, but it's impossible. Panicked
text: audience members run across the rink, heading for the
text: exits. It's chaos. People slip, Rhinettes get trampled.
speaker_heading: CATWALK
text: Randolph tries to get the rifle away from Buggy. They
text: struggle on a narrow beam high above the rink. The cops
text: have reached the outer edge of the catwalk now. Tommy
text: and the boys get there a second later. They all stand
text: back -- the catwalk is too unstable.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Give me that gun, you fucking
dialog: wacked-out freak!
text: Buggy manages to shove Randolph off him. He raises the
text: RIFLE and SHOOTS at the cops. Randolph grabs him. Both
text: he and Buggy lose their footing and slip from the
text: catwalk. Randolph is able to grab onto the edge and hold
text: on. Buggy clutches Randolph's leg which threatens to
text: bring them both down. They dangle 80 feet above the
text: rink. Randolph desperately tries to hold onto the
text: catwalk as Buggy clings to Randolph's ankle.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON RANDOLPH'S FINGERS
text: His knuckles turn white as his fingers start to slip from
dialog: the beam.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUGGY
text: Still clutching Randolph's ankle, he starts to lose his
text: grip. He desperately grabs Randolph's foot, but
text: Randolph's shoe slips off and Buggy begins his long
text: plunge to the next life.
scene_heading: INT. RINK - HIGH OVERHEAD SHOT
text: Buggy screams the whole way down, still holding onto
text: Randolph's shoe.
speaker_heading: RINK
text: Buggy crashes into the middle of the rink, cob-webbing
text: the ice around him.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CATWALK
text: Tommy and his boys runs off to find Sheldon. The COPS
text: help Randolph off the catwalk. He's a nervous wreck.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I don't know. I'm kind of fucked
dialog: up in general, so it's hard to
dialog: gauge.
text: They pat the dazed Randolph on the back. He passes out.
speaker_heading: RINK
text: People continue to run through the rink. Felled
text: Rhinettes litter the ice like broken dolls. Smoke fills
text: the air. Sheldon is helping a random woman to her feet
text: as Nora finally reaches him. She embraces him.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Burke's with Stokes. He's been in
dialog: it all along.
text: Sheldon looks toward the network box. Beyond it, through
text: the smoke, he sees Burke shoving his way through people
text: who jam the exit trying to escape. Sheldon reaches into
text: his costume and pulls out his gun.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No, Sheldon, don't!
text: Sheldon runs off leaving Nora.
speaker_heading: EXIT
text: Burke is almost through the cluster of people. He
text: glances over his shoulder and sees Sheldon heading
text: toward him. He shoves even harder now and finally
text: gets through.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Burke makes a run for it down 33rd Street. A moment
text: later, Sheldon emerges from the building. He sees Burke
text: in the distance and takes off after him. He's still in
text: his skates and wearing the partially-blown-off Smoochy
dialog: head.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: FURTHER DOWN STREET
text: Burke looks behind and sees the nightmarish image of a
text: disfigured Smoochy chasing after him. He quickly rounds
dialog: the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: A few moments later Sheldon rounds the corner. He looks
text: down the street and sees no sign of Burke. He notices an
text: alley by an abandoned building.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Sheldon walks slowly into the alley, gun drawn.
text: Suddenly, Burke jumps out from behind some boxes. He
text: whacks Sheldon's head with a garbage can lid. The gun
text: goes flying. Burke goes for it, but Sheldon is quickly
text: on his feet and pounces on him. The two men fight it
text: out. Burke manages to get on top of Sheldon and starts
text: to strangle him.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You fucking point a gun at me? A
dialog: gun I gave you as a gift?! Where's
dialog: your fucking etiquette?
text: Just as Sheldon begins to lose consciousness, we hear a
text: GUNSHOT. Burke looks up. Nora stands there, pointing
text: Sheldon's gun directly at him.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Let him go.
text: Burke just looks at her.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Now. Before I pump one in that
dialog: Grecian Formula scalp of yours.
text: Burke smirks as he releases Sheldon. Sheldon jumps up
text: and takes the gun from Nora. He shakily points it at
dialog: Burke.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You know something, kid? You've
dialog: turned out to be an incredible
dialog: pain in the ass.
text: Burke slowly stands up, brushing off his suit.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You were behind the Spinner hit,
dialog: weren't you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: That was a tragic mistake.
dialog: (shakes head sadly)
dialog: If only one could turn back time...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But what the hell, it's just one
dialog: less mick in the world.
text: He laughs.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You son-of-a-bitch.
text: Sheldon cocks the gun.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Oh my. What are you gonna do?
dialog: Kill me? That wouldn't be very
text: Smoochy-like behavior.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You're right. There's just one
dialog: thing...
text: Sheldon tears off the remains of his tattered costume and
text: steps out of it.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I'm not Smoochy.
text: Sheldon is shaking as he extends the gun to Burke's head.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I finally realized we're living in
text: a different jungle.
text: Burke suddenly looks fearful, as does Nora.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No, Sheldon.
text: Sheldon closes his eyes as he tries to summon up the
dialog: courage to pull the trigger.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Sheldon!
text: Suddenly, there's a voice from behind.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Don't do it, Shel.
text: Sheldon turns around. It's Tommy and her boys.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Stay out of it, Tommy. This is my
dialog: business.
text: Tommy walks closer to Sheldon.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: No more killin', Shel. Enough's
dialog: enough. Don't destroy who you are
dialog: for this piece of shit. You mean
dialog: something to the kids. Don't take
text: Smoochy away from the kids.
text: Tommy extends her hand for the gun. Sheldon looks down
text: at the gun. He can't believe he's even holding it. He
text: hands it to Tommy.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I don't know how I got pushed this
dialog: far.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You're only human, Shel. The
dialog: important thing is... you never
dialog: went over the cliff. You're a
dialog: good boy. For some of us... it's
dialog: too late.
text: Tommy pats Sheldon's shoulder affectionately.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: We'll take it from here, kid, you
dialog: run along with your girl. Get on
dialog: with your life.
text: Sheldon looks over at Burke, who's petrified.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: Tommy, you're not going to --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Don't worry. Sometimes even a
dialog: rat deserves a little mercy.
text: Sheldon and Nora take a final look at Burke before
text: walking out of the alley. Burke is wide-eyed with fear
text: as Tommy's boys advance on him. Just as they round the
text: corner there is the sound of TWO GUNSHOTS. Sheldon looks
dialog: at Nora.
speaker_heading: NORA
text: Bus backfire.
text: She pats him on the back.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Stokes finally makes it out of the arena. He runs toward
text: his waiting limo and hops in the back seat. He barks to
text: his driver through the glass partition.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Get out of here!
text: The car doesn't move. Stokes pounds on the partition.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Move this thing!
text: No response. Stokes frantically pushes the button that
text: lowers the partition. It slides down.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Are you deaf?! I said --
text: The driver turns around. Stokes recoils in horror. It's
text: Takashi. He smiles as the back doors open and the
text: Japanese thugs -- Chick, Sambo and Tobi -- pile in with
text: Stokes. They slam the doors shut.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: I wish I could tell you it'll be
dialog: quick and painless, Frank, but you
dialog: know how these things go...
text: Stokes lets out a small whimper. Chick nods to Takashi
text: who steps on the gas as he sings "Anything Goes" in
dialog: Japanese.
scene_heading: EXT. TH AVENUE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: The car heads into the night, passing Sheldon and Nora,
text: who have exited the alley. This will be Frank Stokes'
dialog: final limo ride.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Sheldon and Nora pause on the street. Sheldon looks
text: around him.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: You know, a little grime here and
dialog: there doesn't change the fact...
dialog: it's still a beautiful city.
text: He looks at Nora.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Let's go home, Smoochy. Show's
dialog: over.
text: Sheldon gazes back at her.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
text: No it's not. It's just beginning.
text: They kiss passionately as MUSIC SWELLS and the CAMERA
text: CRANES HIGH ABOVE the rink.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - ONE YEAR LATER
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: ONE YEAR LATER
text: The Garden is sold out. The lights go down. Through the
dialog: P.A. we hear...
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: And now... it gives us great
dialog: pleasure to introduce America's
dialog: favorite rhino... ladies and
dialog: gentlemen... boys and girls...
text: There's a dramatic pause; TYMPANY ROLL.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Heeeeeere's Smoochy!
text: Smoochy skates out to thunderous applause.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: With his partner and comrade...
dialog: the one, the only... Rainbow
dialog: Randolph!
text: Randolph skates out, somewhat shakily, to huge applause.
text: Sheldon puts his arm around him. The audience is now on
text: their feet. Randolph especially basks in the adulation.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: All proceeds from tonight's
dialog: performance, will benefit the
dialog: Rainbow Randolph Center for
dialog: Alcoholism and Delusional
dialog: Behavior.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sheldon pats Randolph on the back. MUSIC BEGINS as
text: Rhinettes and Krinkle Kids skate out. The show starts
text: and the audience goes wild. Nora smiles from the stands
text: as Smoochy and the others glide across the ice. (SMOOCHY
scene_heading: /RANDOLPH DUET TO COME.)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
