speaker_heading: DEATH NOTE
dialog: Based on the Manga Created by
dialog: Tsugumi Ohba
dialog: Written by
dialog: Charley and Vlas Parlapanides
dialog: No portion of this script may be performed, reproduced, or used by any means, or quoted or
dialog: published in any medium without the prior written consent of Warner Brothers Studios.
dialog: First Draft
scene_heading: WARNER BROS. April 7, 2009
dialog: 4000 Warmer Boulevard Warner Bros.
dialog: Burbank, California 91522 All Rights Reserved
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS - NYC
text: A working class neighborhood in the heart of Far Rockaway.
text: Broken down stoops adorn each home while CAR ALARMS and
text: SHOUTING can be heard in the distance as the hard SQUABBLE
text: LOCALS go about their morning routine.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - ROW HOUSE
text: LUKE MURRAY, 21, lies in bed, dead to the world, even as the
text: late morning sun fights its way in. Suddenly his SIDEKICK
text: vibrates to life.
text: He slowly starts to stir as the sidekick works its way off
text: the desk and CRASHES to the floor with a THUNK.
text: That does the trick... Luke starts to come to. On the
text: surface he appears good-looking, even handsome; but behind
text: his intense, blue eyes one can see the residual grit of
text: bygone pain.
text: He sits up and blearily rubs away the sleep when he notices
text: his alarm clock. Adrenaline hits him in waves.
text: He leaps out of the sheets and slings on a pair of jeans,
text: racing out of the room...
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRS
text: ++. pulling on a shirt as he goes but in his haste he
text: missteps and tumbles forward, crashing downwards, coming to a
text: stop on the landing below.
text: He springs up and makes a b-line for the door when he stops
text: dead in his tracks, remembering. He turns back around...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: ++. and tears through his sock drawer until he finds what
text: he’s looking for. It’s a small jewelry box. He quickly
text: pockets it and takes off...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BRONX, NEW YORK
text: «+. weaving through the HUSTLE and BUSTLE of the morning
dialog: commute as... °
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY STATION
text: +++ PEOPLE funnel onto the closing doors of the “A” train.
speaker_heading: LUKE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, hold that door...
text: Luke races towards the subway car but the cynical New Yorkers
text: don't lift a finger as the departure BELLS RING out and the
text: doors slowly close...
text: «+. but Luke quickly slings his bag forward, wedging the
text: doors open.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR (0.S.)
dialog: Hey... :
text: The CONDUCTOR leans out.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Come on, help me out. I’m gonna be
text: late for class.
text: The conductor shakes his head... the doors jerk back and
text: forth... trying to open as Luke pulls free his bag. He goes
text: to enter when suddenly the doors slam shut.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey!
text: The conductor grins as the train begins to pull away.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: You gotta be kiddin’ me!
text: Luke pounds on the window in disbelief, futilely racing after
text: the train, making his way to the end of the platform when
dialog: suddenly --
text: -- a WOMAN SCREAMS. Luke spins around and sees a THIEF rip
text: the woman’s purse away. She’s thrown off balance and topples
text: backwards, crashing onto the tracks below.
text: Stunned COMMUTERS stand there frozen as an express train
text: ROARS towards the woman -- its HORN BLARING.
text: Panic fills the air as Luke reacts without thinking. He
text: races over, jumps down and moves to pick the woman up as...
scene_heading: INT. ONCOMING TRAIN
text: ++. The CONDUCTOR yanks hard on the emergency BRAKE -- the
text: SCREECHING HOWL OF METAL ON METAL -- as SPARKS FLY and SMOKE
text: BILLOWS -- but the train is moving too fast --
dialog: 3.
text: -- Luke sees it BARRELING towards him. ONLOOKERS hold their
dialog: breath, others turn away as --
text: -- Luke makes a split second decision. He pushes the woman
text: into a foot-deep trough between the tracks, covering her with
dialog: his body as --
text: -- The SCREECHING TRAIN runs over them. The crowd looks on
text: aghast as the train slowly comes to a halt.
speaker_heading: BEAT
text: Luke looks up at the inch of clearance above his head, it was
dialog: the difference between life and death.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Holy shit...
text: To the CROWD’S surprise, Luke rolls out from underneath the
text: train with the woman. They all CHEER.
scene_heading: EXT. FORDHAM UNIVERSITY - LATER
text: Luke, haggard and dirtied, rushes toward a lecture hall when
text: the doors swing open and STUDENTS file out.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Damn...
text: SOPHIA, a good-looking brunette, approaches him.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It’s a long story.
text: PROFESSOR SELBY, 50's, bookish, spots Luke.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY
dialog: You out did: yourself today, Mr.
dialog: Murray. Instead of just being late
dialog: you missed class all together.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m sorry professor but I was only
dialog: late because --
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY
dialog: Don’t ruin an apology with an
dialog: excuse. Get here on time. That
dialog: shouldn’t be hard for someone as
dialog: smart as you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But professor I --
text: Professor Selby waves it off as he walks away.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: -- just saved someone’s life.
scene_heading: EXT. FORDHAM CAMPUS - A LITTLE LATER
text: Luke and Sophia make their way along.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Oh my god that’s crazy. Thank god
dialog: you’re alright.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It was no big deal. Honestly.
text: She smiles, that’s what she loves about him.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: I still think you should tell
dialog: Professor Selby what happened.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nah, it’s not worth it... But
dialog: listen, uh...
text: He hesitates.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: About tonight, I can’t make it.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I got called into work.
text: Disappointment fills her face.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Luke...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'll make it up to you, I swear.
dialog: We'll do something tomorrow night.
dialog: But I want you to have this.
text: He pulls out the small jewelry box.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Happy anniversary.
text: She opens it and finds a GOLDEN CLADDAGH RING.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Oh my God, it’s beautiful.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It was my mother’s. She would have
dialog: worn it until I met the girl I
dialog: would marry.
text: He slips the ring onto her finger.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: We’re officially engaged to be
dialog: engaged.
text: She gives him a kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. FULTON FISH MARKET - LATER
text: The organized chaos of the SOUTH STREET SEAPORT begins its
text: daily grind. Forklifts whiz back and forth and truckers
text: upload their cargo as a FOREMAN makes his way over to Luke.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Hey, Joe College... when you finish
dialog: those orders I’m gonna need your
text: help with the grouper.
text: Luke nods as he packs huge MACKERELS into heavy crates of
text: ice. It’s bone-numbing work but it pays well and he can do
text: it at night.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY. CAR - MANHATTAN - EVENING
text: Luke crashes onto the seat and leans against the window,
text: eyeing the bright lights of the metropolis as...
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY - MOVING
text: -.. they begin to fade away and the train makes its way to
text: the darkness that is Queens.
scene_heading: EXT. DINSMORE BLVD - SUBWAY STATION - QUEENS
text: Luke hustles down the platform stairs and makes his way...
scene_heading: EXT. ST. MICHAEL’S CEMETERY - CONT.
text: ++. to an OLD GOTHIC CEMETERY, knowingly weaving through the
text: various. tombstones, before stopping in front of a grave. He
text: stares at it for a long moment.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey Ma, I just wanted you to know
dialog: that I gave it to her. She loved
dialog: it. You should have seen her.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Well, I gotta get going. I love ya.
text: Luke goes to take off when he notices some unsavory
text: characters up ahead. Even in the evening twilight Luke can
text: make out the SPARK of their CRACK PIPES.
text: He quickly bangs a hard right, trying to avoid them when
text: something gives him pause... He stops, looks all around,
text: surprised to find his heart racing... He shakes his head,
dialog: dismissing his fear when...
text: +--+ he notices a fallen oak tree. It has pulverized an
text: ornate HEADSTONE, laying waste to its centuries old mortar.
text: He moves in closer to get a better look when he sees an
text: OMINOUS BLACK. BOOK amongst the rubble. He picks it up,
text: wiping debris from its cover.
scene_heading: INSERT COVER: “DEATH NOTE”
text: He almost laughs at the title as he flips it open and reads:
text: “THE HUMAN WHOSE NAME IS WRITTEN IN THIS BOOK SHALL DIE.”
text: Luke grins at the ridiculousness of it all. He goes to throw
dialog: it away but-there’s something about the book that gives him
dialog: pause.
speaker_heading: BEAT
text: Suddenly his sidekick RINGS.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: (into sidekick)
dialog: Hey, what's up?
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S HOUSE - INTERCUT AS NECESSARY
text: SARAH, 12, Luke's rebellious little sister, checks the
dialog: fridge. .
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Nothing. I’m just starving over
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Where’s Dad?
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: He’s not home yet.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Alright, hang tight. I’11 be there
dialog: in a sec.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN - LUKE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Luke hurriedly enters as Sarah bangs out a text.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, you feel like having a grilled
dialog: cheese sandwich?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Only if you’re makin’ it.
text: He throws down his stuff and gets busy at the stove.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Did you do your homework?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Because I’m gonna do it in study
dialog: hall.
text: He shoots her a look.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT’D)
dialog: What? Everyone in my class is so
dialog: stupid. It’s a joke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Do me a favor and do it now anyway.
text: Just then POLICE CAPTAIN JOHN MURRAY, an incisive, no-
text: nonsense type, enters, weary from a long shift.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Hey guys. Sorry, I’m late.
speaker_heading: LUKE SARAH
dialog: Hey Pop. Hey, Daddy.
text: He blearily flips through a stack of.mail as he joins Luke.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, your LSAT score came in.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, I know they e-mailed it to me
dialog: last week.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Last week? Why didn’t you say
dialog: anything?
text: Luke just shrugs as Capt. Murray opens the letter, expecting
dialog: the worse.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my God!
text: Excitement flushes through him as he bear hugs Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Come on, Dad. Take it easy.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Take it easy? You sly son of a
dialog: gun. Do you know what this means?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's not a big deal. Honestly.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: You’re something else, you really
dialog: are Luke. (to Sarah) Do you know
dialog: what your brother just did?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No, but I got a feeling you're
dialog: gonna tell me.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: He just scored in the ninety-eighth
dialog: percentile on his LSAT. How about
dialog: that?!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You’re such a dork, Luke.
text: He playfully smacks her as he makes his way up the stairs...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: +--+. and flips on the tv all the while rummaging through his .
text: bookbag. He notices the Death Note. He can’t help but page
text: through it, stopping on the LAWS OF THE DEATH NOTE PAGE.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Rejoice and fear, your lives rest
dialog: in my hands...
text: Luke grins as he reads the rules when suddenly the newscast
text: grabs his attention.
text: ON TV: OFFICERS, guns drawn, stand poised behind their
text: CRUISERS as a REPORTER files an update.
speaker_heading: . REPORTER
dialog: We're live here on Commercial
dialog: Avenue where Mark Tocher, a
dialog: convicted sex offender, is believed
dialog: to have taken an entire family
dialog: hostage --
text: GUNSHOTS RING out from the besieged home.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god!
text: The Reporter and CAMERA MAN rush for cover as the camera
text: zooms in on the PERPETRATOR, BLASTING away from a second
text: story window, all the while shielding himself behind a
text: terrified YOUNG MOTHER.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Scumbag...
text: Luke looks at the Death Note, twirling his pen as the perp’s
text: name flashes on screen.
text: On a whim, almost as a joke, Luke writes MARK TOCHER in the
text: book before tossing it into a waste basket and moving to the
dialog: bathroom. -
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Luke splashes water on his face and...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: ++. re-enters brushing his teeth. He glances at the
text: newscast. The COPS can’t return fire and stand there
text: helplessly.
text: LUKE shakes his head and returns to the bathroom when...
speaker_heading: ON NEWSCAST
text: The terrified FAMILY comes rushing out from the house.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Uh... we’re not sure what’s going
dialog: on...
text: OFFICERS race to the hostages’ aid as the reporter hurries
dialog: over to the Young Mother.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me ma’am, can you tell us
dialog: what happened?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MOTHER
dialog: It was a miracle.
text: The MOTHER is hysterical, fighting back tears as OFFICERS cut
text: off the Reporter and whisk her away.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Well, uh, we’re not exactly sure
dialog: what just happened but it looks
dialog: like the hostages are okay...
dialog: Again, Mark Tocher...
text: TOCHER’s mug shot fills the screen as LUKE re-enters,
dialog: oblivious.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. known felon and sex offender...
text: Luke glances over; it looks like more of the same. He shuts
text: off the tv and crashes into bed, exhausted.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY STATION - NEXT MORNING
text: Sophia glances at her watch as Luke hurriedly joins her.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, sorry I’m late.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: You know what I’m gonna do, Luke,
dialog: I’m gonna buy you a watch.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don’t need a watch. I use this.
text: He shows her his sidekick.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: That’s the problem, you can’t set
dialog: your cell phone ahead.
text: She rips it from his hands and messes with the settings.
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What are you talkin’ about?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: I set my watch ahead and now I’m
dialog: never late.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (grins)
dialog: That won't work for me.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ‘Cause I know.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Trust me. All you gotta do is set
text: it seven minutes ahead.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why seven?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Because five doesn’t give you
dialog: enough time and ten is too easy to
dialog: figure out. That’s why seven is
dialog: just right. It’s enough time to do
dialog: what you gotta do but too much of a
dialog: hassle to figure out...
text: She grows frustrated with the sidekick and hands it back,
text: leaving a message on the display. INSERT: :-)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Right, whatever.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Trust me. It works.
text: He doesn’t buy it.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (CONT'D)
text: Eight forty-three (as if saying
dialog: quickly) what time is it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Eight thirty-six.
text: She realizes he’s right.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: One o three.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Twelve fifty-six.
speaker_heading: . SOPHIA LUKE
dialog: Two eleven. Two o four.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA LUKE
text: Five fifty-five. Five forty-eight.
text: She grins. It’s-no use. He rattles off the answers almost
text: as fast as she asks.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Well with normal people it works.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'll take your word for it.
text: They share a smile as they make their way along when
dialog: suddenly...
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION
text: «+. Luke notices Tocher’s mug shot on the papers that adorn a
dialog: newsstand.
scene_heading: INSERT HEADLINE: HAND OF GOD??? FELON DIES DURING HOSTAGE
speaker_heading: SITUATION
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That thing in Bay Ridge last night,
dialog: I didn’t know the guy died.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Yeah, he was gonna kill that whole
dialog: family.
text: A train comes to a roaring stop on the track next to them.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Luke, come on, let’s go.
text: Luke can’t help but shoot one last look at the papers before
text: hopping onto the train.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM —- FORDHAM
text: Professor Selby lectures as Luke surfs the web on his laptop.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY
dialog: Hierocles said, “Law and justice
dialog: are not always the same. And when
dialog: they aren’t, destroying the law may
dialog: be the first step toward changing
dialog: it...”
text: Luke only half listens as he finds what he’s looking for,
text: it’s an article on the Bay Ridge incident.
text: INSERT TEXT: “... miracle heart attack... gunman struggled
dialog: with heart disease...”
text: Luke can’t help but read with morbid fascination. The story
text: is all over the internet.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S ROOM - LATER
text: Luke throws down his bookbag and moves to his desk when... he
text: notices the Death Note in the waste basket.
text: He pulls it out, flips it open and looks at the name he wrote
dialog: -- Mark Tocher. It has to be a coincidence.
text: Luke thinks for a moment, flips through the DEATH NOTE,
text: reverting back to the “Laws of the Death Note Page.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DEATH NOTE PAGE
text: (The following text is seen on screen as Luke reads aloud.)
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: Rule - The Death Note will not take
dialog: effect unless the writer has the
dialog: person’s face in their mind when
dialog: writing their name. Therefore,
dialog: people sharing the same name will
dialog: not be affected.
speaker_heading: BACK ON LUKE
text: Luke shakes his head but the truth is, something urges him
text: onwards. He turns on the television and flips to COURT TV.
speaker_heading: ON SCREEN
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: «+. authorities are in hot pursuit
dialog: of Daniel Stone, who allegedly shot
dialog: and killed three people in a
dialog: downtown courthouse this morning,
text: sparking a citywide manhunt...
dialog: 14.
text: INSERT FOOTAGE of a ROPED OFF CRIME SCENE as INVESTIGATORS
text: move about BLOOD STAINED MARBLE.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ++. again, Stone managed to grab a
text: guard’s gun and shoot. his way past
dialog: several deputies.
text: Luke turns up the volume as a PICTURE of Stone fades up.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT’D)
dialog: We're gonna go live to the Belt
dialog: Parkway where our news chopper is
text: following the chase.
scene_heading: ON LUKE (INTERCUT BETWEEN LUKE & NEWSCAST)
text: Luke watches as the suspect’s vehicle dangerously weaves in
text: and out of traffic before losing control and smashing into
text: several cars.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh my god, this is terrible!
text: The perp, Stone, jumps out and makes a run for it as the COPS
text: frantically give chase.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT’D)
text: The suspect simply refuses to give
dialog: up...
text: Stone races to a twenty foot overpass and to the cops’
text: amazement... jumps down, rolls to absorb the impact and races
text: away with only a slight limp.
text: The cops are forced to double back.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT’D)
dialog: I can’t believe this...
text: Luke looks on as he writes Daniel Stone in the Death Note.
text: He eyes him for a moment... then shakes his head at the
dialog: improbability of it all.
speaker_heading: BEAT
text: Stone draws his gun, car jacks a red Mustang and begins to
text: race away when suddenly the Mustang swerves off the road and
text: SMASHES into a fire hydrant.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: DEATH NOTE PAGE - LAWS OF. THE DEATH NOTE
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: Rule - If the cause of death is not
dialog: specified, the person will simply
dialog: die of a heart attack.
text: A torrent of water rains down on the MUSTANG as LUKE rises to
text: his feet.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
text: It appears the suspect has come to
dialog: a stop.
text: Two blue and whites pull up and COPS race out, guns drawn.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT'D)
text: Again, Stone is armed and
dialog: considered very dangerous.
dialog: Hopefully he’ll do the right thing
dialog: and surrender.
text: The FLATFOOTS cautiously approach and rip Stone from the
text: car... but his body is limp and lifeless.
text: Luke shoots a look over to the book.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No way...
text: Just then the doorbell RINGS, startling him.
scene_heading: INT. / EXT. LIVING ROOM - CONT.
text: Luke moves to the door and is taken aback when he sees a
text: POLICE OFFICER standing outside. He slowly opens the door.
scene_heading: POLICE. OFFICER
dialog: Hello, are you Luke Murray?
text: Luke tightens up as he nods.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER (CONT'D)
dialog: Your girlfriend called and told us
dialog: you were the hero from the “A”
dialog: train. We've been looking for you.
dialog: You ran off before anyone could get
dialog: your name.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh... Yeah, don’t worry about it.
dialog: It’s no big deal.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Are you kidding, you did a great
dialog: thing kid. The mayor wants to give
dialog: you a medal.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He doesn’t have to do that.
dialog: Honestly.
text: Luke goes to close the door.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Hey, listen kid, the mayor needs
dialog: all the good press he can get.
dialog: He’s not gonna pass up a photo op
dialog: like this. So shine your shoes and
dialog: get a hair cut ‘cause you’re gonna
dialog: be in the paper.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke reenters, his mind churning, as the TV plays in the
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (0.S.)
dialog: Authorities have just announced
dialog: that the suspect, Daniel Stone is
dialog: dead.
text: Luke’s hairs go on end.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT'D)
dialog: We're not exactly sure what
dialog: happened but the police emphasize
dialog: he wasn’t shot.
text: Luke looks over to the Death Note as a sick feeling comes
text: over him.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - LATER
text: Luke browses through the DAILY NEWS, reading about the Stone
text: incident. The headline reads: “LIGHTNING STRIKES TWICE!”
text: INSERT TEXT: ”... second criminal in two days dies of a heart
dialog: attack...”
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (entering)
dialog: Hey, can I get a couple bucks for
dialog: lunch tomorrow?
text: Luke turns to her.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you alright?
text: He shakes his head “no” as he gets up, rushes over to the
text: bathroom and pukes.
scene_heading: EXT. PEDESTRIAN PATH - WEST SIDE HIGHWAY
text: Luke and Sophia walk along.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Hey, everything okay?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, I’m sorry. I just needed to
dialog: get some air.
text: He solemnly looks out at the Hudson for a long beat as his
text: mind begins to churn.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM / KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Capt. Murray makes Sarah dinner as Luke enters. He pauses a
text: moment before he approaches his father.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Dad, I wanna talk to you.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Sure, what is it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I wanna see mom's case file.
text: Capt. Murray’s demeanor deadens.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Sarah, do me a favor and go to your
dialog: room.
text: She just looks at him.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT’D)
dialog: I'm not asking. Go.
text: He waits for her to leave.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s this all about?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I just want to see it.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I don’t think it’s a good idea.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Dad, please, I’m an adult. I can
dialog: handle it.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Luke, nothing good will come from
dialog: it. I’m sorry but my answer's no.
scene_heading: INT. COLD CASE STORAGE - NYPD
text: Luke takes a breath before approaching the GUARD manning the
dialog: cage.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Hey kid. What’s goin’ on?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Same old, same old.
text: Luke moves towards the entrance.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You doin’ some work for the old
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Funny, he didn’t mention anything
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (lying)
dialog: Oh, he probably just forgot.
scene_heading: INT. WORK AREA - COLD CASE STORAGE
text: Luke combs through two banker boxes, reading through various
dialog: reports and interviews.
text: INSERT TEXT: ...armed robbery... escalated to felony
text: murder... female victim, LINDA MURRAY, pronounced dead at the
dialog: scene... .44 caliber weapon used...
text: Luke grows more and more angry as he goes through the
text: _ Materials. He finds a tape labeled “security footage.”
text: He stops, thinks for a moment before decidingly putting the
text: tape into a VCR, bracing himself.
dialog: 19.
text: ON SCREEN: Grainy, fast-motion video of --
text: -- A MASKED GUNMAN barging into a Korean grocery store and
text: sticking a gun in the CASHIER’S face.
text: The cashier cowers back as the gunman rips open the register
dialog: and empties it when --
text: -- the cashier notices MRS. MURRAY as she tries to hide a
text: YOUNG LUKE behind an aisle.
text: The gunman catches his eye-line, turns to Mrs. Murray and
text: yells at her.
text: The Cashier tries to take advantage, reaching for a gun under
text: the counter but the gunman is too quick --
text: -- he turns back -- blows away the Cashier and empties his
text: gun on Mrs. Murray as he races away.
text: Young Luke rushes to his dying mother’s side. Horror fills
text: his face as he cries out for help.
speaker_heading: BACK ON LUKE
text: The pain of that day fills his face. He SNAPS off the TV and
text: rips a picture off a file folder. The post-it on it reads:
text: “Possible Suspect, ALEJANDRO LOZANO”
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (0.S.)
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
text: Capt. Murray takes in the scene.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn it Luke, I told you not to
dialog: come down here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me about this
dialog: guy, Lozano?
text: Capt. Murray sighs deeply.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: There was no reason to...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Do you think he did it?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I can’t say for sure.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: There must be something we can do.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I did everything humanly possible,
dialog: Luke, I cashed in very favor,
dialog: worked every angle. There is.
dialog: nothing we can do. Believe me...
dialog: Short of a confession there’s no
dialog: way we're ever gonna get the guy
dialog: that did it. It was just too
dialog: random of a crime.
text: Luke eyes his father for a long moment.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on, pack that stuff up and get
dialog: out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. NYPD OFFICE - LATER
text: Luke crashes onto a bench and sighs deeply when suddenly
text: several cruisers come to a SCREECHING halt.
text: COPS rush out, hurriedly leading a startled TEENAGE ASIAN
text: GIRL inside. A sense of urgency fills the air.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NYPD OFFICE
text: Luke enters as the girl is led into a room. He notices blood
text: spatter on her cheek as she begins to shake.
text: More PATROL MEN bristle about as Luke moves to his father’s
text: side, where he’s being debriefed by DT. GOEMMANS (Caucasian)
text: and Dt. WASHINGTON (African American).
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: It was a home invasion. She was
text: the only one to get out.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: And the rest of the family?
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: All dead... Patrol is there now...
dialog: These guys butchered them, Capt.
text: Luke looks at the girl as MEDICS tend to her -- he knows the
text: pain that awaits her.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Any, suspects?
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Yeah, she just made a positive ID.
dialog: Vice has been looking for these
dialog: guys, their names are Tibbs and
dialog: Rodriguez.
text: Dt. Goemmans hands Capt. Murray a flyer with the suspects’
text: names and pictures. He looks at it for a long moment before
text: moving to the girl's room.
speaker_heading: BEAT
text: Luke watches his father try and console the girl as he picks
text: up a copy of the flier.
scene_heading: EXT. NYPD - A LITTLE LATER
text: Luke walks down the steps when suddenly OFFICERS race past
text: him, their radios crackling.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (FROM RADIO)
text: +++. again, suspects Tibbs and
dialog: Rodriguez have been spotted at
text: ninety-eighth and Broadway.
text: Officers are in pursuit...
text: Luke is taken aback as the OFFICERS race to their cruisers
text: and take off. Luke thinks for a moment before he jumps on
text: his moped and chases after them.
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY
text: Luke nimbly ZIPS in and out of traffic, blowing past cars,
text: trying to keep up as the BLUE AND WHITES rip through the
text: city, SIRENS BLARING.
scene_heading: EXT. 96TH STREET
text: A cruiser rounds a corner, Luke tailing it, when the DRIVER,
text: a YOUNG OFFICER, spots Tibbs and Rodriguez (wielding .45’s)
text: weaving their way through a CROWD.
text: The Young Officer tries to cut the perps off, coming at them
text: head-on with his cruiser... but the perps spot him. LEAD
text: fills the air as they OPEN FIRE on the cruiser.
text: PEOPLE SCREAM and RUSH for cover. A WOMAN falls to the
text: ground, SHRIEKING in pain as a ROUND rips through her leg
text: while ANOTHER CIVILIAN takes two to the chest and crashes
text: down in a heap.
text: The gunmen charge forward, FIRING away. Only the Young
text: Officer stands in their way.
dialog: 22.
text: He tries to return fire behind the riddled cruiser but he’s
text: badly out gunned. Luke realizes that if he doesn’t act fast
dialog: the officer is done for.
text: He hurriedly takes out the Death Note and writes the perps
text: names as SHARDS OF GLASS and SHRAPNEL rain down on the Young
dialog: Officer. He’s as good as dead, when suddenly...
text: ++. one of the perps topples over, falling like a tree.
text: Seconds later the other perp suffers the same fate.
text: Just like that. the scene goes dead almost as fast as it
text: erupted. Several officers race over to the fallen perps,
text: guns poised... only to discover the perps are dead and have
dialog: no wounds.
text: The Young Officer rises up and looks at them. Something has
dialog: just happened but no one knows what.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - LATER
text: Luke enters and tries to collect himself but he struggles to
dialog: keep his emotions at bay.
text: He moves to his desk and sweeps everything off of it, letting
text: it all out, papers flying everywhere.
text: A newspaper lands at his feet. He notices the picture of a
text: WANTED FUGITIVE draped across the cover and kicks the daily
text: rag across the room.
scene_heading: INT. CORONER'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Capt. Murray makes his way over to the CORONER.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What’s up Doc?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: I thought you should see this...
text: He slaps a couple of X-RAYS onto a LIGHT BOARD.
speaker_heading: CORONER (CONT'D)
dialog: We pulled them from the two
text: shooters, Tibbs and Rodriguez.
dialog: (pointing) Look at the curvature
dialog: of the arteries... they're
text: completely unblocked.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: So...?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: So? These guys collapsed mid-
text: stride, clutching their chests.
dialog: You'd expect to find all kinds of
text: plaque stopping up their airways.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What are you saying Doc?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: I’m saying this might be one for
dialog: the medical books. It’s like their
text: hearts froze and collapsed in on
dialog: themselves.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve never seen anything like it.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Are you saying it’s suspicious?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I’m saying it’s not natural... Just
dialog: thought you should know.
text: Capt. Murray nods and takes off, pushing through double doors
dialog: where...
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY
text: -.. Dt. Goemmans and Washington watch a newscast about the
text: mysterious nature of Tibbs and Rodriguez’s deaths; it’s clear
text: the story is capturing the public’s fascination.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: All right, come on fellas, let’s
dialog: get out of here.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Luke sits at his desk and flips through pictures of his Mom
text: when Sophia moves up behind him and gives him a kiss.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, when did you get here?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Just now. What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nothing.
text: He hurriedly tucks the pictures away.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: I got you a new shirt for tomorrow.
text: He puts on his best face as she presses a bright orange shirt
dialog: against him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sophia, are you kidding me?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: It’s orange.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: It's not orange, it’s salmon. I
dialog: think it makes you look handsome.
text: Luke shakes his head incredulously.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Try it on... Come on. For me.
text: He makes his way towards the bathroom. She sneaks a peak at
text: his desk, spotting the photos of his mom and can’t help but
dialog: feel awful.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY HALL - PRESS CONFERENCE - THE NEXT DAY
text: The Mayor holds court before a bevy of reporters as Luke,
text: wearing the orange shirt, stands stoically at his side.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Luke, I’ve known your father for.a
dialog: long time, he’s one of New York’s
dialog: finest. So while it gives me. great
dialog: pleasure to award you with this
dialog: citation of virtue, I must say I’m
dialog: not surprised.
text: Capt. Murray, Sarah, and Sophia look on proudly as the Mayor
text: hands Luke a medal.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (CONT’D)
dialog: On behalf of a grateful city, I
dialog: thank you for your heroism. Your
dialog: unselfishness and bravery is an
dialog: example to all New Yorkers.
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS SNAP away.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. MICHAEL'S CEMETERY — EVENING
text: Luke solemnly makes his way to his mother’s headstone.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, mom. It’s me... I wanted to
dialog: come by and tell you that I’m gonna
dialog: do something I feel I have to do.
dialog: I’m not sure how you’ll feel about
dialog: it. Please don’t think less of me.
dialog: I love you.
text: Luke kisses his fingers and brings them to the headstone
text: before placing the medal of virtue on top.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke hacks into the NYPD intranet where he uses a felon
text: locator database to find Alejandro Lozano’s name and picture.
text: He eyes his long arrest record and notes that Lozano is
text: currently incarcerated at Rahway State Prison.
text: Luke also takes note of Lozano’s two known accomplices, the
text: GURTSKY BROTHERS, BRETT, a petty thief with a long history of
text: misdemeanors and RICK, a sex offender with a rap sheet a mile
dialog: long.
text: He quickly jots down their last known address and phone
dialog: number.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - YONKERS - NIGHT
text: Luke eyes the Gurtsky brothers through the window of their
text: apartment. He takes a deep breath and steadies his resolve
text: before dialing a nearby pay phone.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - TENEMENT BUILDING - CONT.
text: Brett picks up the phone as Rick lazily watches TV.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Let me speak to Rick.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - INTERCUT
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Who's this?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m the guy behind the mysterious
dialog: deaths.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Oh yeah? And I’m the Tooth Fairy.
text: Brett hangs up.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Who the hell was that?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Some asshole.
text: Luke quickly re-dials as he grabs hold of the Death Note.
speaker_heading: BRETT (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Listen to me, we can do this the
dialog: easy way or the hard way. Put Rick
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Drop dead, scumbag.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m warning you, don’t make me do
dialog: something I’m gonna regret.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: (overhearing)
dialog: Gimmie the phone.
text: Brett hands it to him.
speaker_heading: RICK (CONT’D)
dialog: You got something to say to me,
dialog: tough guy?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, do as I say and I'1l let you
dialog: live. Otherwise I’m gonna make you
dialog: pay for the lives you destroyed.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Fuck you.
dialog: 27.
text: Rick SLAMS the phone down.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: What’d he say?
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. PAY PHONE - CONT.
text: A flurry of emotions flash through Luke... He looks down at
text: the Death Note as his hand shakes but something urges him
dialog: onwards.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT — INTERCUT
text: Brett moves to the fridge.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Gimmie a beer.
text: Brett grabs a cold one and tosses it to Rick but the beer
text: sails right past him as Rick clutches his chest.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Hey stop dicking around...
text: Rick crashes onto the floor face first, convulsing wildly.
text: Brett’s face begins to deaden. He rushes over and kneels
text: down next to him.
speaker_heading: BRETT (CONT’D)
dialog: What the f...?
text: Brett goes to dial 911 when the PHONE RINGS. He almost JUMPS
text: out of his skin as he answers.
speaker_heading: BRETT (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Do you believe me now?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He’s dead Brett and there’s nothing
dialog: you can do about it.
text: Brett slowly realizes it’s true. He can’t find a pulse as
text: his brother lies there motionless.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen Brett, I’m gonna ask you
dialog: some questions. If you tell me the
dialog: truth, I might let you live.
text: Brett begins to shake.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: You used to run with Alejandro
dialog: Lozano. Right?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Did he ever rob a Korean grocery
dialog: store in Queens?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: How the hell should I know?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Think. Think real hard, Brett. Or
dialog: it will be the last thing you do.
dialog: (pause) Look at your brother. I
dialog: know you don’t want to end up like
dialog: him.
text: Brett trembles as he looks over at Rick’s corpse.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I swear to you, I don’t know.
dialog: Lozano did a lot of licks without
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don’t mess with me, Brett.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I’m not, I swear.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay. Did Lozano ever own a .44
dialog: caliber pistol?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Yeah. He had an Ansley.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Did he have it back in ninety-
dialog: seven?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: He's had it for as long as I've
dialog: known him.
speaker_heading: BEAT
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What’d he do with it?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I don’t know... I’m pretty sure his
dialog: girl sold it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: To who?
speaker_heading: BRETT
text: A pawn shop in Yonkers.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You know the name of the place?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Come on Brett, you gotta do better
dialog: than that.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I swear that’s all I know!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Alright. What’s his girl’s name?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Elsa... Elsa Florip.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay, you did good, Brett. I know
dialog: you’re not like your brother so I’m
dialog: gonna let you live. But you gotta
dialog: promise me you’ll stay out of
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I promise... on my mother’s soul.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Good because if you don’t and you
dialog: tell someone about our little
dialog: conversation I’m gonna come looking
dialog: for you... and we both know what
dialog: that means.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Luke hangs up the phone and leans up against a wall, chalk-
text: full of emotion as he looks down at the Death Note. He takes
text: a quick moment to try and collect himself before taking off.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke enters, breathing heavily. He can’t believe he actually
text: did it. He looks at the book once more as...
scene_heading: INT. CORONER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: ++. Capt. Murray, Dt. Goemmans and Dt. Washington eye Rick
text: Gurtsky’s body.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: (joining them)
dialog: Same as the last two. His heart
dialog: just imploded. And get this. I
dialog: looked to see if anyone else had
dialog: come across something like this...
dialog: I got two hits. Both were recent.
dialog: Both were here in New York.
text: He shows them a file of TOCHER, the home invasion gunman, and
text: STONE, the courthouse shooter.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What's going on, Doc?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: I don’t know.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What about his brother, did he see
dialog: anything?
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: No, nothing. Said they were just
dialog: watching TV.
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: Well, ain’t karma a bitch.
text: They can’t help but grin.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: I wish it was that simple...
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Any chance this is all some kind of
dialog: strange happenstance?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: Medically speaking, no.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Something is triggering these
dialog: attacks. I’m talking massive,
dialog: complete heart failure on the drop
dialog: of a dime.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Could they have been poisoned?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: I’ve run their samples through
dialog: every test known to man. ‘Twice.
dialog: Not one hit. Nothing.
text: He hands them copies of his report.
speaker_heading: CORONER (CONT’D)
dialog: I thought it might've been some
dialog: kind of virus, like that amoeba
dialog: that killed those people out in
dialog: Lake Havasu. But I didn’t find any
dialog: signs of infection during the
dialog: autopsies.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The long and short of it is they
dialog: all died of heart attacks that
dialog: physiologically none of them should
dialog: have had... I can’t keep calling
dialog: it a coincidence. Gonna officially
dialog: change the cause of death to
dialog: undetermined.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Alright then, Doc. Looks like we
dialog: have an investigation then.
scene_heading: EXT. CORONER'S OFFICE
text: Capt. Murray and his men move to an unmarked car.
scene_heading: DI. WASHINGTON
dialog: Whaddaya want us to do?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: There’s gotta be some logical
dialog: explanation. Cross reference the
dialog: victims’ criminal histories. See
dialog: where they did time and if there
dialog: was any overlap. Most prisons are
text: a walking staph infection. Maybe
dialog: there is some kind of connection
dialog: there.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: You got it Cap.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Goemmans, when you get a chance
text: head over to the Med school at NYU.
dialog: Talk to some toxicologists, see if
dialog: there’s a way to beat Doc’s tests.
text: Goemmans nods as...
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE STUDY - LIBRARY
text: ... Luke flips through a phone book, settling in on a listing
text: of pawn shops. He rips out the page and cross references it
text: with a print out from YAHOO YELLOW PAGES, making sure no
text: store slips through the cracks.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY LOUNGE - LATER
text: Sophia studies on a couch as Luke enters.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You ready to roll?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Yeah.
text: Luke can’t help but eye the newspaper on a nearby table, the
dialog: headline reads, “Good Guys 5, Bad Guys 0, More Mysterious
dialog: Deaths.”
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: It’s crazy, those guys dying like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah...
text: She senses something.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You gotta promise me you won’t say
dialog: anything.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER LAB
text: Luke leads Sophia to the back of the room as they take a seat
text: in front of a computer.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Check this out.
text: Luke hacks into the NYPD remote access server.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don’t worry. I have my dad’s
dialog: username and password.
text: Sophia tenses up but looks on, intrigued, as Luke pulls up
text: the 2008 MURDER BOOK (a catalogue of all the murders that
dialog: year).
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I looked these guys up, just out of
dialog: curiosity. And you know what?
dialog: They were all career criminals.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So maybe what happened to them
dialog: isn’t such a bad thing...
text: She just shakes her head.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Nothing. Just log off already,
dialog: you're making me nervous.
text: She hurriedly clicks shut the window as...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NYPD
text: ++. Capt. Murray, Goemmans and Washington walk along.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: So there’s no nexus that links the
dialog: victims, no common criminal
dialog: affiliation or associates?
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: No, we didn’t find anything, Cap.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: So whaddaya think?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Honestly? Not sure.
scene_heading: INT. COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE
text: Capt. Murray, Goemmans and Washington approach the
scene_heading: COMMISSIONER.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: You wanted to see us?
speaker_heading: COMMISSIONER
dialog: Yeah, L called.
text: Capt. Murray is taken aback.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Who’s L?
speaker_heading: COMMISSIONER
dialog: He’s a profiler with the FBI’s
dialog: special crimes unit. Real
dialog: clandestine bunch.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What does he want?
speaker_heading: COMMISSIONER
dialog: He’s been following these
dialog: mysterious deaths in the news and
dialog: wants to do a little poking around.
text: That gives Capt. Murray pause.
speaker_heading: COMMISSIONER (CONT’D)
dialog: What?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: COMMISSIONER
dialog: I know he’s a cowboy but he’s the
dialog: best there is. Come on, his man is
dialog: waiting for us.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - CONT.
text: Capt. Murray, Goemmans, Washington and the Commissioner enter
text: and find an austere old JAPANESE MAN/WATARI waiting for them.
speaker_heading: COMMISSIONER
dialog: Watari, it’s good to see you again.
dialog: This is Capt. Murray, Dt. Goemmans
dialog: and Dt. Washington.
text: Greetings are exchanged.
speaker_heading: COMMISSIONER (CONT’D)
dialog: Watari is gonna put us in touch
dialog: with L. (to Watari) We’re ready
dialog: when you are.
speaker_heading: “rn
text: Watari opens up a laptop and a large L fades up on its
text: screen as a filtered VOICE emanates out:
speaker_heading: L (FROM LAPTOP)
dialog: I apologize for the cloak and
dialog: dagger routine but as you know I
dialog: prefer to remain anonymous.
text: Goemmans looks on curiously.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: I believe these mysterious deaths
dialog: are, more likely than not, targeted
dialog: attacks.
speaker_heading: COMMISSIONER
dialog: What makes you say that?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: The probability that the victims
dialog: would all be male cons, whose
text: hearts imploded in the middle of
dialog: committing felonies, is
dialog: statistically impossible.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Unless the CIA is up to something
dialog: we're not aware of, my guess would
dialog: be that these cons are being
dialog: specifically targeted.
speaker_heading: COMMISSIONER
dialog: By who?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I don’t know.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: With all due respect L, I agree
dialog: with some of what you’re saying.
dialog: But the truth is we don’t have a
dialog: single piece of physical evidence
dialog: that supports your theory.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Yes we do. The dead bodies.
text: A formula fades up on the laptop screen. It reads: Actus
dialog: Reus + Mens Rea + The Result = Murder.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: As we all know, these are the
dialog: elements of murder. Now if you
dialog: work backwards you can see that we
dialog: have the result. All of the
dialog: victims are dead. We also know the
dialog: mens rea;. these deaths are no
dialog: coincidence. We've statistically
dialog: proven that. So the only piece of
dialog: the puzzle we’re missing is the
dialog: actus reus. We don’t know how
dialog: they’re doing it.... But I assure
dialog: you, it’s only a matter of time
text: before another con turns up dead.
dialog: The men all consider this as...
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - PAY PHONE
text: ++. Luke talks on a pay phone.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, I’m trying to track down a
dialog: -44 Caliber Ansley that might have
dialog: come through your place. Can you
dialog: check your chain of possession
dialog: records for me? (listens to
dialog: response) Yeah, I'll hold.
text: Luke flips through his list when he gets a text.
dialog: INSERT SCREEN: From Sophia: Luke, where you at? We gotta
dialog: get going.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - LATER
text: Professor Selby lectures as Luke and Sophia enter and make
text: their way to the back.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY
dialog: This is from the Daily News,
dialog: “Divine Justice Strikes the Big
dialog: Apple”
text: He picks up a another paper.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: The Post headline reads: “Only the
dialog: good die young? Not anymore...
dialog: More Mysterious Deaths.”
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you think these types of
dialog: headlines could affect peoples’
dialog: behavior?
text: He scans the classroom before picking up a copy of the New
dialog: York Times.
dialog: Luke sits
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY (CONT’D)
dialog: “Over the past two weeks police
dialog: precincts around the city reported
dialog: a slight drop in violent crimes.”
dialog: Now, this might be a statistical
dialog: anomaly... It might have nothing to
dialog: do with these deaths, who knows...
dialog: But one way or the other these
dialog: stories have captured the
text: zeitgeist’s attention.
text: up in attention.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY (CONT’D)
dialog: Granted, the terms we're dealing
dialog: with here are pretty harsh. It’s
dialog: life and death. That always grabs
dialog: people’s attention. But you have
dialog: to admit, this type of conduct
dialog: regulating behavior can be very
dialog: effective. Do you think the fact
dialog: that some criminals have died has
dialog: deterred others from acting?
dialog: (pause) What if I told you that I
dialog: would execute anyone I caught
dialog: surfing the web during class?
dialog: After I shot one or two of you,
dialog: wouldn’t the rest of you close down
dialog: your browsers?
text: This gets some CHUCKLES from the class as Luke looks on
dialog: intently.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: EXT. LECTURE HALL - LATER
text: Students funnel out as Luke makes his way over to Professor
dialog: Selby.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, Professor, can I ask you
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY
dialog: Sure, what’s up?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You said once that sometimes the
dialog: law and justice aren’t one and the
dialog: same... That sometimes you have to
dialog: destroy the law in order to get
dialog: justice.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY
dialog: Well, that’s not exactly the quote
dialog: I referenced but yeah, that’s kinda
dialog: the gist of it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, how do you know? How do you
dialog: know that time has come?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR SELBY
dialog: Well, I guess that’s just something
dialog: you have to decide for yourself.
dialog: Luke considers this.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S HOUSE - LATER
text: Capt. Murray pours himself a stiff drink as Luke enters.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Isn't it a little early for happy
dialog: hour, Dad?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What’s going on?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: You remember that Asian girl we
dialog: brought in the other day? The one
dialog: whose parents were killed.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Found out today she doesn’t have
dialog: any other family here. They’re
dialog: gonna place her in foster care.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That sucks.
text: They share a moment, both knowing what lies ahead for her.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke enters, mind churning, emotion brewing. He pulls out
text: the Death Note and stares at it for a long hard moment.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can do more... I can be something
dialog: they fear.
speaker_heading: BEAT
text: He grabs his laptop and takes off as a keen sense of resolve
text: builds and builds.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - LIBRARY
text: Luke researches criminals on his laptop, looking for the
dialog: worst of the worst.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY
text: Luke walks, laptop in hand, searching for wi-fi signals when
text: he notices a STUDENT passed out on a couch, a MANGA sprawled
text: across his chest.
text: The germ of an idea forms in Luke’s mind.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK TIMES OFFICE - NEXT DAY
text: The EDITORIAL STAFF huddles around a computer, eyeing a
text: suspicious e-mail as Capt. Murray, Dt. Goemmans and Dt.
text: Washington join them.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: It came in this morning.
text: Capt. Murray reads a printout of the e-mail aloud.
dialog: INSERT TEXT: “Let it be known that I am responsible for
dialog: these mysterious deaths.
dialog: 40.
dialog: I am acting to improve the lot of others by striking
text: out against the tyranny of man, sending forth a
text: ripple of hope that will sweep down the mightiest
text: walls of injustice and set fear in the hearts of evil
dialog: men."
speaker_heading: KIRA
text: Capt. Murray scans through the post script and notices
dialog: several names listed below.
speaker_heading: EDITOR (CONT'D)
dialog: He says he’s gonna kill five more
text: criminals to prove he’s for real.
dialog: (pause) Whaddya want us to do?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Don’t do anything. But do mea
dialog: favor, set this computer aside
dialog: until you hear from me.
text: The Editor nods as...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK TIMES BUILDING
text: ++. Capt. Murray exits, followed by Goemans and Washington.
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: Whaddaya think?
scene_heading: - CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I’m not sure. This world has gotten
text: so twisted, crooked looks straight
text: and straight looks crooked.
text: He eyes the list of criminals in the e-mail.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: But we should keep an eye on this
dialog: all-star list. (to Goemmans)
dialog: Contact Luis Patterson’s attorney.
dialog: Let him know a threat has been made
dialog: against his client.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Got it.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Washington, I want you to contact
dialog: our sex crime unit, see if there is
dialog: any news regarding Clarence Smith.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: The high heel rapist? He’s still
text: at large. Nobody knows where he is.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I know, do the best you can. I/’11
dialog: try and track down Sanchez and the
dialog: other guys.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S ROOM
text: Luke eyes a live newscast as a steely resolve fills his face.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - SAME TIME
text: A CROWD of REPORTERS break into a frenzy as LUIS PATTERSON
text: exits the courthouse, surrounded by a team of LAWYERS.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: The defendant, Louis Patterson,
dialog: heir to the Patterson fortune,
dialog: admitted raping and killing the
dialog: victim during a closed court
dialog: session. However, admissions made
dialog: during plea negotiations are
dialog: inadmissible.
text: A grief stricken MOTHER, surrounded by her family, cries out
dialog: with heartache.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
speaker_heading: MURDERER!
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: The jury never heard Patterson's
dialog: confession, which is what many
dialog: believe led to today’s hung jury.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke writes in the DEATH NOTE as...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE
text: ... REPORTERS pepper Patterson with questions.
scene_heading: REPORTER 2 REPORTER 3
dialog: How do you explain your What about the DNA evidence
dialog: confession? that links you to the crime?
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Gentlemen the evidence you’re
dialog: referring to was inadmissable. Now
dialog: please --
text: Patterson and his lawyers push past the reporters when...
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: You bastard! You killed my
dialog: daughter!!!
text: Patterson almost goads with insolence -- he thinks he’s
dialog: gotten away with murder when...
text: ++. he’s crippled by a massive heart attack -- air escapes
text: him as he keels over and tumbles down the courthouse steps --
text: -- breaking his neck as his head THUMPS against the pavement.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - DIFFERENT DAY
text: Luke scrolls through the FBI’s Ten Most Wanted List. He eyes
text: a picture of MARC SANCHEZ. .
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY
text: Sanchez races along, chased by two COPS, his sweaty face
text: intermittently revealed as...
text: «++. he sprints under shafts of light cast down by the street
dialog: lamps.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Stop right there!
text: But Sanchez keeps hauling ass and rips around a bend.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke begins to write in the Death Note as...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONT.
text: ++. a winded Sanchez grabs a WOMAN from behind and brings a
text: gun to her head.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Ah! No, please!
text: The cops stop in their tracks as Sanchez spins the woman
text: around, shielding himself.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: (gun drawn)
dialog: Let her go!
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: Fuck you, pig!
text: Sanchez grins as he drags the woman towards a car when
text: suddenly a heart attack shoots through him. He keels over in
text: pain and dies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Luke’s pen as it glides across the Death Note.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT
text: Capt. Murray covers his face with a handkerchief as he stares
text: down at the bloated dead body of CLARENCE SMITH.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL EXAMINER
dialog: The neighbors complained about the
dialog: smell. That’s when patrol found
dialog: him.
text: Capt. Murray and his team kneel down to get a better look.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: We should give this Kira guy a
dialog: medal.
text: Dt. Washington grins.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I need to know the time of death.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL EXAMINER
dialog: Well, by the look of this
dialog: rigamortis it’s been a couple of
dialog: days.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Goemmans, hang here until we have
dialog: an official TOD. Cross reference
dialog: it with the time stamp from the e-
dialog: mail that was sent to the Times. I
dialog: want to know whether Smith was dead
dialog: before or after that e-mail was
dialog: sent. And Washington, I want to
dialog: know the cause of death ASAP.
text: They nod as...
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: EXT. PAWN SHOP
text: «+» Luke exits and crosses off yet another pawn shop from his
text: list before stopping in front of a newsstand, reading the
dialog: headlines.
dialog: - More Mysterious Deaths
dialog: - 4 of FBI’S 10 Most Wanted Found Dead
dialog: - Cardiac Arrest The Culprit
scene_heading: INT. INTERNET CAFE
text: Luke enters and sits at a computer as a heightened energy
text: fills the room and TEENS bristle about.
speaker_heading: TEEN
dialog: (to his friends)
dialog: Hey, check out this Youtube clip.
text: The teens watch the footage of Patterson tumbling down the
dialog: courthouse steps.
speaker_heading: TEEN 2
dialog: Yeah! F’ that dude!
text: They all laugh when a newscast, playing on a plasma in the
text: b.g., grabs their attention.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.)
dialog: While the police and the scientific
dialog: community continue to search for an
dialog: explanation there’s growing chatter
dialog: that a mysterious figure, simply
dialog: known as Kira, is responsible for
dialog: these mysterious deaths.
text: Luke watches the kids eye the newscast intently.
speaker_heading: NEW ANCHOR
dialog: A declaration was allegedly e-
dialog: mailed to the New York Times
dialog: earlier this week. In it Kira
dialog: claimed he was striking down
dialog: criminals in order to protect the
dialog: innocent.
text: A chorus of HOOTS and HOLLERS rain down from the teens.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: The Times will neither confirm nor
dialog: deny the story while authorities
dialog: refuse to comment. So the question
dialog: is... Is Kira for real or a made up
dialog: Bogeyman?
dialog: 45.
text: A grin crosses Luke’s face as...
scene_heading: INT. NYPD CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
dialog: “pr”
text: ++. the L logo fills.a laptop screen and the
text: investigative team debriefs him.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: The COD for Clarence Smith was
dialog: cardiac arrest. We're still trying
dialog: to pin down an exact time of death
dialog: but it’s clear he died after the e-
dialog: mail was sent to the Times. Same
dialog: goes for Luis Patterson and Marc
dialog: Sanchez.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Have you been able to track down
dialog: the e-mail’s IP address?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Yeah, it came from a hacked
dialog: computer in the Bronx. My
dialog: detectives interviewed the owner
dialog: but he wasn’t much help.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Check with NSA. See if they can
dialog: trace the hack.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: We already did. Their guys are
dialog: working on it. So what do you make
dialog: of this Kira stuff?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I think it’s our perp’s way of
dialog: reaching out to us.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: He wants us to understand what he’s
dialog: doing. Look at the name he chose.
dialog: Kira. In Eastern cultures Kira is
dialog: like the four horsemen of the
dialog: apocalypse. They say that when the
dialog: world becomes unlivable Kira will
text: swoop down, wash away the filth and
dialog: renew the earth. That’s how our
text: guy views himself. He’s trying to
dialog: right the world.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s exactly the type of mind-set I
dialog: would expect from a single
text: vindictive perpetrator, which is
dialog: what I think we’re dealing. with.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: L, there’s no way one guy is doing
dialog: all of this.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I disagree Captain Murray and I’11
dialog: show you why.
text: A graph fades up on the laptop.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D) .
dialog: This graph plots the number of
dialog: perpetrators involved in a crime
dialog: against the corresponding success
dialog: rate. As you can see the more
dialog: people involved, the less likely
dialog: they are to succeed. If we assume
dialog: that this is a conspiracy, it would
dialog: require several accomplices across
dialog: the country.
text: Everyone studies the graph.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: And with several accomplices, the
dialog: success rate drops drastically.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Exactly. And previous experience
dialog: tells us that with a conspiracy
dialog: like this, someone would have come
dialog: forward with something by now.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I don’t buy it. You’re
dialog: manipulating your statistics to
dialog: read the way you want them to read.
dialog: How can someone kill a guy on the
dialog: FBI’s most wanted list in
dialog: California and then three hours
dialog: later kill somebody else in Jersey?
dialog: .It doesn’t make any sense. How do
dialog: you reconcile that with your
dialog: theory?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I can’t right now. But what I can
dialog: do is narrow down our search and
dialog: hopefully smoke out our killer.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: You’ll see.
scene_heading: INT. PAWN SHOP
text: An ATTENDANT flips through his files as Luke looks on behind
text: a bulletproof window.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: You said you were looking for a .44
dialog: Ansley?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah.
text: The attendant continues to flip through his files.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not even sure if it came
dialog: through here... just trying to
dialog: track it down.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (stops, eyes a record)
dialog: Bingo... .44 caliber Ansley. Came
dialog: in nineteen ninety-eight.
text: A flash of excitement shoots through Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Can you tell me who pawned it?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: I can but it will cost ya.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Everything in life has its price,
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: You tell me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Fifty bucks?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: A hundred.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Alright... but only if it was
text: hawked by Elsa Florip, otherwise
dialog: you can stick it up your ass.
text: The attendant grins as he SLAMS the record against the
dialog: window.
dialog: The signature reads: Elsa Florip.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Pay up.
text: Luke goes to hand over the money but stops short.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (checks the record)
dialog: Looks like I sold it to the Jersey
dialog: city Police Department.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jersey City Police...?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Yeah, they were doing one of those
dialog: buy back things. I couldn’t move a
dialog: bunch of old pieces so I hawked it
dialog: to them.
text: Luke looks on in disbelief as he hands over the money.
dialog: EXT.
speaker_heading: STREET
text: Luke dials up a pay phone.
text: INT.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hi, can I have the crime stoppers
dialog: hotline, I’d like to make an
dialog: anonymous tip...
scene_heading: LUKE’S ROOM - EVENING
text: Sarah plays Wii as Luke hurriedly enters.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, I need the tv.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm in the middle of a game here.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It’s important.
text: He pulls away the controller.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: (hitting a button)
dialog: There, it’s paused.
text: Sarah lets out a sigh as Luke switches the tv input and finds
dialog: what he’s looking for.
speaker_heading: ON TV (NEWS ROOM)
speaker_heading: NEWS 4 ANCHOR
dialog: We’re about to go live to the FBI’s
dialog: New York field office...
scene_heading: INT. FBI FIELD OFFICE - PODIUM ~— SAME TIME
text: A sharp-looking white MALE stands at the ready.
speaker_heading: NEWS 4 ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: ++. where they have an update
dialog: regarding the recent string of
dialog: mysterious deaths.
text: BACK ON Luke and Sarah as they both eye the TV.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Luke, can I ask you something?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (pause)
dialog: If you were Kira, would you kill
dialog: the guy that killed mom?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, we don’t talk about that.
text: He quickly snaps off the Wii.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Go finish your homework.
text: An exasperated look crosses Sarah’s face... but she realizes
text: she crossed a line.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I’m sorry, Luke.
text: He doesn’t respond as she solemnly exits.
scene_heading: INT. NYPD CONFERENCE ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Capt. Murray and a couple of New York’s finest watch the same
dialog: newscast.
scene_heading: SHARP LOOKING WHITE MALE (ON TV)
dialog: Good evening...
scene_heading: INT. FBI FIELD OFFICE
text: SHARP LOOKING WHITE MALE
dialog: +-. My name is Lind L. Taylor, more
dialog: commonly know as L.
scene_heading: INT. NYPD CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Captain Murray and the others are all taken aback, L is
text: revealing his identity.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: He’s younger than I thought.
scene_heading: L/SHARP LOOKING WHITE MAN (V.O.)
dialog: I’m a profiler with the FBI's
dialog: special crimes unit.
scene_heading: INT. FBI FIELD OFFICE
scene_heading: L/SHARP LOOKING WHITE MALE
dialog: I’ve been asked to help track down
text: the serial killer who calls himself
dialog: Kira. :
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke sits up in attention.
speaker_heading: L (ON TV)
dialog: This crime spree must come to an
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Crime spree?
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. STUDENT CENTER
text: Sophia watches the newscast as STUDENTS gather round.
speaker_heading: L (ON JUMBO TRON)
dialog: Only someone with a God complex
dialog: would be arrogant enough to commit
dialog: such audacious crimes.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: STUDENT CENTER, FBI FIELD OFFICE, NYPD CONFERENCE
scene_heading: ROOM, LUKE’S ROOM
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: But let me tell you something Kira,
dialog: you’re not God; you're a vile, self-
dialog: righteous, hypocrite.
text: Luke begins to grow angry as he grabs hold of the Death Note.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: You are far lower than the
dialog: criminals you think you have the
dialog: right to kill.
text: The book intensifies Luke’s anger as he holds it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What would you know about it?
text: Before Luke realizes it something changes,_he looks like
text: someone else. It’s his eyes. They narrow and harden as a
text: .Murderous qlaze comes over him.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Kira, you’re nothing more than a
dialog: murderer, too afraid to show your
dialog: own face.
text: Luke begins to write Lind L. Taylor in the Death Note.
speaker_heading: L (CONT’D)
dialog: We will hunt you down and use every
dialog: means necessary to bring you to
dialog: justice.
text: Just as he finishes the last pen stroke he snaps out of it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What the f...?
text: He can’t believe what he’s just done. He looks at the Death
dialog: Note. It’s definitely affecting him.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: No one has the right to take the
dialog: law into their own hands.
dialog: 52.
text: He quickly scribbles out the name and turns to the tv with
dialog: bated breath...
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s only a matter of -- Uhhh!
text: L clutches his chest, GASPING for air as he is struck by a
text: massive heart attack.
text: SOPHIA and the STUDENTS react with shock and horror.
text: THREE FBI TYPES rush to L's aid as he slumps over in his
dialog: chair.
text: Capt. MURRAY and the OFFICERS are taken aback but no one more
dialog: so than LUKE.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh my God...
text: Luke watches the FBI agents drag a lifeless L off screen.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: Call 911! We need an ambulance!
text: Unnerved, Luke takes a step back and eyes the Death Note as
text: the tv screen goes black.
scene_heading: INT. NYPD CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Consternation runs rampant.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: What the hell just happened?!
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I don’t know. (to Washington) Call
dialog: your buddy at the bureau and find
dialog: out.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: (re: L)
dialog: Is he dead?
text: The truth is no one knows when just then Watari enters.
speaker_heading: WATARI °
dialog: I need everyone to gather ‘round
text: Watari directs their attention to a large screen in the
text: center of the room.
speaker_heading: “rn
text: Suddenly the L logo flashes up on screen and we hear the
dialog: same filtered voice from before:
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: The man you saw on tv is dead...
dialog: He was a death row inmate who
dialog: agreed to pose as me in hopes of
dialog: reducing his sentence.
text: Capt. Murray and his men shake their heads, not knowing what
dialog: to think.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: His sacrifice, while incredibly
dialog: tragic, was also incredibly
dialog: valuable... Now we know Kira is
dialog: here in New York.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: We made it look like a national
dialog: broadcast but it was restricted to
dialog: the five boroughs.
text: Capt. Murray grows more and more angry.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What is going on L? How the hell
dialog: did he just kill that guy?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I don’t know.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Well you know something, goddamn
dialog: it! How’d you know he’d come after
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I didn’t. But it fits the profile.
dialog: Our guy is impulsive, brash. It
dialog: makes sense.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: You're out of your mind. This
dialog: freakin’ guy just sent a heart
dialog: attack through the air and you’re
dialog: sitting here making deductions.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: All I can do is work the evidence
dialog: I’m given. Every investigation is
dialog: a progression, you know that
dialog: Captain Murray. Different details
text: come into focus at different times.
speaker_heading: LONG BEAT
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: You got some balls, L! You can’t
dialog: just send someone to their death
dialog: like that!
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I had no choice. Kira will not
dialog: stop. He’s going to keep on
dialog: killing. But for the first time
text: we're starting to close in on him.
dialog: The faster we act the more lives we
dialog: can save.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What the hell are we up against?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: God only knows.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Capt. Murray and his team exit the conference room.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Thank God we have L.
text: Capt. Murray shoots him a look.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’
speaker_heading: DT. GOEMMANS (CONT'D)
dialog: What? You gotta give L some credit.
text: He just smoked out a shadow.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What he just did makes him no
dialog: different than Kira.
speaker_heading: S LIVING ROOM
text: Luke, down and out, sits with Sophia, watching the news as
text: various COMMENTATORS RANT about Kira.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: I don’t get it, how the hell’s he
dialog: doing it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don’t know, but Kira slipped up,
dialog: he shouldn’t have killed that guy.
text: Luke shuts off the tv.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Why’d you do that?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm spent, can we call it a night?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Luke sleeps next to Sophia when he begins to toss and turn.
text: Suddenly he wakes up, breathing heavily. Something has him
dialog: rattled.
text: He gets up and moves to the mirror. He’s surprised to see
text: bags under his eyes.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (0.S.)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nothing. Go back to sleep.
text: He turns to the Death Note, eyeing it uneasily, honing in on
text: a distinct Japanese character/word engraved on its binding.
scene_heading: EXT. FISH MARKET - THE NEXT DAY
text: Luke approaches TOSH (Japanese, 50’s) as he preps for work.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Tosh, can I ask you something.
dialog: What’s this mean?
text: He hands him a piece of paper with the Japanese
text: character/word written on it. Tosh looks at it, pulls out
text: his lighter and sets the paper ablaze.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: TOSH
dialog: That is a word we never speak.
dialog: Even saying it brings bad luck.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Tosh, come on man, give me a break.
dialog: What’s it mean?
speaker_heading: BEAT
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: TOSH
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: It’s an ancient word, it means
dialog: Shinigami.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shin -- what?
text: Tosh won't say it again as he leaves Luke standing there.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke makes several queries on a reference portal, trying
dialog: various spellings of “Shinigami” but to no avail when. he
text: hears the door downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S LIVING ROOM
text: Capt. Murray enters as Sarah watches TV.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hey daddy, a detective from Jersey
dialog: City called. He said it was
dialog: important.
text: She gestures towards a post-it near the phone as Luke makes
text: his way to the fridge.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Thanks.
text: Luke discreetly looks on as Capt. Murray dials.
speaker_heading: CAPT, MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi, this is Captain Sean Murray.
dialog: I’m returning your call. (waits for
dialog: response) You're kidding me... a
dialog: -44 Caliber Ansley, huh...
text: Capt. Murray makes his way down the hall to get some privacy.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONT.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Sure, I could pull the slugs from
dialog: my wife’s case. I’11l have them
dialog: rushed over. I really appreciate
text: the heads up.
speaker_heading: LUKE (0.S.)
dialog: What was that about?
dialog: 57.
text: Capt. Murray turns surprised to find Luke standing behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Was it about mom?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: They still gotta check the
dialog: ballistics but they think they
dialog: might have found the murder weapon.
text: Luke is pleased as...
scene_heading: INT. NYPD CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
dialog: a“ ” .
text: ++. the L logo fades up on a laptop screen and Watari
text: Goemmans, Washington and Capt. Murray enter.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I’ve reexamined the time of death
dialog: for each Kira killing.
text: A string of data races across a large projection screen
text: behind L’s laptop.
speaker_heading: L (CONT’D)
dialog: Each out of state death has been
dialog: converted to eastern standard time.
text: The data on screen shuffles about and grows more and more
dialog: uniform.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: As you can see a pattern slowly
text: begins to emerge. Monday,
dialog: Wednesday, and Friday mirror each
dialog: other while Tuesdays and Thursdays
dialog: are similar.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: What a weird pattern... What does
dialog: it means?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: It means there is structure in his
dialog: life, something he can’t change.
text: Something he’s working around.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
text: So he’s on a schedule.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: 58.
text: They mull over the possibilities.
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: Maybe he’s a pilot and that’s his
dialog: flight schedule.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: No, I’ve already checked with the
dialog: FAA, no flight crews’ schedule
dialog: parallel this pattern.
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: But it’s gotta be some kind of
dialog: transportation schedule, right?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: No, not necessarily... The anthrax
text: killer struck by mail. He killed
dialog: people in three different states
text: without ever leaving his lab.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: So what is it?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It kinda looks like a college kid’s
dialog: schedule.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: That's what I was thinking.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS .
dialog: Wait a second? Are you sayin’ Kira
dialog: might be a freakin’ Coed?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Well, I think our guy is either a
dialog: student or someone who’s affiliated
dialog: with a local college or university.
dialog: Look at what we know about him.
dialog: He’s very tech savvy. That
dialog: inherently trends towards a
text: younger, educated perp. Probably
dialog: Gen Y, or the millennium
dialog: generation. He’s brash and
dialog: idealistic; again indicators of a
dialog: younger, more likely than not, male
dialog: perp. Now couple these traits with
dialog: the fact that the e-mail sent to
dialog: the Times came from a Wi-Fi network
dialog: that was hacked near Fordham
dialog: .University... and I think a rough
dialog: sketch of our perp starts to come
text: into focus. He's probably a’ young
text: male, in his mid twenties.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
text: He might be a grad student or a TA.
dialog: Probably Caucasian. Quiet. Known
dialog: for being somewhat reserved. But
dialog: there is something in his past that
dialog: drives him. There’s something
dialog: damaged about him. That’s the guy
dialog: we are looking for.
text: They take it all in, especially Capt. Murray.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Great... white guy, mid twenties,
dialog: good with computers and a little
dialog: crazy. In New York, that’s like
dialog: two million people.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Well, it’s a start. Check in with
dialog: all the local colleges, Fordham,
dialog: NYU, Columbia, Pace... Talk to the
dialog: mental health administrators. See
dialog: if there’s anyone they think is
dialog: suspicious.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I know it’s like searching for a
dialog: needle in a haystack. But let’s
dialog: try and turn up the heat on this
dialog: guy.
text: The men nod in agreement as...
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - FORDHAM UNIVERSITY
text: ++. a debate erupts amongst some STUDENTS at lunch. Amongst
text: them is Luke and Sophia.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: I wanna know how Kira’s doing it.
speaker_heading: MALE STUDENT
dialog: Who cares, as long as he keeps up
dialog: the good work.
text: A GIRL STUDENT shoots him a look.
speaker_heading: MALE STUDENT (CONT’D)
dialog: What? No one wants to admit it but
dialog: they’re glad these guys are dying.
speaker_heading: GIRL STUDENT
dialog: Hey, this isn’t a video game. You
dialog: don’t die and respawn three seconds
dialog: later.
dialog: The girls
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Yeah, nobody has the right to do
dialog: what he’s doing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (interjects)
dialog: I think it’s for the greater good.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: How can you say that?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: People die all the time, for no
dialog: good reason. And it sucks.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: At least these people are dying for
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: GIRL STUDENT
dialog: Luke, what are you talking about?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It’s the Coventry Dilemma all over
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: GIRL STUDENT
dialog: What’s the Coventry Dilemma?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It’s kind of a long story...
text: all give him a look.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay... well, during World War Two
dialog: the British cracked the German
dialog: “Enigma” cypher. It was a secret
dialog: code the Nazis used. The Brits
dialog: realized that the town of Coventry
dialog: was going to get bombed. Now,
dialog: their first instinct was to
dialog: evacuate the town but then they
dialog: realized they couldn’t do that.
dialog: They had to let the Nazis bomb
dialog: Coventry, otherwise the enemy would
dialog: know they had broken the code. In
dialog: the end thousands of people died.
dialog: Their lives were sacrificed to save
dialog: countless others... And that’s what
dialog: we have here now, on a much smaller
dialog: scale. If you make an example out
dialog: of say, a hundred criminals, you
dialog: could save countless innocent lives
dialog: and spare thousands of families
dialog: from all kinds of hardship. Is it
dialog: fair? Is it right?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s hard to say. But like
dialog: Churchill said, “it's all for the
dialog: greater good.”
text: The girls look on, taken aback. Luke has shut them up in one
text: fell swoop.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MURRAY HOME
text: Capt. Murray eyes Luke through the crack of the door for a
text: moment, studying him. He shakes off a thought as...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - SAME TIME
text: +++ he KNOCKS on Luke’s door and enters.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Luke, do you have a sec?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm gettin’ ready for work.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Don’t worry this won't take long...
dialog: I want you to do me a favor. I
dialog: want you to go to Dr. Warren’s
dialog: office and get checked out.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don’t worry. I’m fine.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Please, do what I tell you. You
dialog: look like hell.
text: Luke puts on his best face.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Alright Dad... Is that it?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: No. I actually got a surprise for
dialog: you.
text: Capt. Murray hands him a letter.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s from the mayor himself,
dialog: completely hand written. How many
dialog: law school applicants have that?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (proudly pointing) I love this
text: line, “Luke's heroism on the subway
dialog: speaks volumes, for his future is
dialog: far brighter than most, yet he was
dialog: willing to risk it all to do what
dialog: was right.”
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Dad, I’m not going to law school.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I only took the test to appease
dialog: you.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What are you talkin’ about? You
dialog: should go to law school. It’s what
dialog: your mother always wanted.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That was before she got killed.
dialog: Before scumbag lawyers let her
dialog: killer walk.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That guy, Lozano, he killed someone
dialog: before he shot mom, did you know
dialog: that? His lawyer got him off. He
dialog: should’ve been in jail, instead
dialog: mom's dead.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Luke, you gotta stop with this.
dialog: Lozano didn’t do it. The
dialog: ballistics didn’t match up.
text: Luke is blown away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: We just got the results back. It
dialog: wasn’t the same gun.
text: Luke hears it but still can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You gotta let it go, Luke.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Like you did, Dad?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Hey, watch your mouth.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why, it's the truth, isn’t it.
text: Luke pushes past his father and...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: -+. makes his way along. After a moment his cell RINGS.
text: Luke looks at the number and ignores the call.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM / KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: Capt. Murray sighs as he gets voice mail. He-clicks off the
text: phone and pours himself a stiff drink.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET —- LATER
text: Luke speaks into a pay phone.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You lied to me.
scene_heading: INT. BRETT GURTSKY’S APARTMENT - INTERCUT
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Who the hell is this?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m the guy who can kill you.
text: A chill shoots down Brett’s spine as he begins to recognize
text: Luke’s voice.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why'd you lie to me?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I didn’t lie to you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes you did, Brett. Yes, you did.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: No, I didn’t. I swear!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I found Lozano’s gun. The
dialog: ballistics don’t match up... Too
dialog: bad, I thought you didn’t want to
dialog: end up like your brother.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Wait, wait, please!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRETT
text: Lozano shivs his gun.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BRETT
text: He jams a screwdriver down the
text: barrel to throw off the rifling.
text: It. makes his gun untraceable.
text: Luke is taken aback.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why didn’t you mention it before?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: What do you mean? How was I
dialog: supposed to know?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I swear it’s the truth.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You better hope so.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Luke enters and sees Capt. Murray passed out on the couch, an
text: empty bottle of scotch laid out before him.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM — LATER
text: Luke enters, mind churning. He grabs a manila envelope from
text: his desk.and addresses it to Alejandro Lozano, Rahway State
dialog: Prison.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. CVS DRUGSTORE - MORNING
text: Luke buys a prepaid cell phone and calling card.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Will that be cash or credit?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Cash.
text: Luke pays and discreetly places the calling card into the
dialog: Manila envelope.
scene_heading: EXT. U.S. POST OFFICE HUB - 32ND ST. & 8TH AVE.
text: Luke moves to a bin and looks both ways before, placing the
dialog: envelope inside as...
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION
text: +--+ Brett pulls down the brim of his hat and approaches the
scene_heading: RECEPTIONIST.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I'd like to uh... talk to Dt.
dialog: Goemmans .-
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Is he expecting you?
text: He shakes his head “no.”
scene_heading: INT. WAITING AREA - LATER
text: Brett sits, waiting anxiously.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Brett, what can I do for you?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Is there someplace we can talk?
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Sure, what’s up?
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM — NIGHT
text: Luke looks in the mirror and sees that the bags under his
text: eyes have worsened. He rips off his shirt and it’s clear
text: he’s lost at least fifteen pounds. He shoots a look over to
dialog: the Death Note.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NEXT DAY
text: Luke walks along, checking the street numbers, when he finds
scene_heading: what he’s looking for. Reveal: PAN ASIAN HISTORICAL CENTER
scene_heading: INT. HISTORICAL CENTER
text: Luke talks to the RESEARCH LIBRARIAN, who leads him into a
text: moisture free room filled with old leather bound books.
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN
dialog: I think this is what you’re looking
dialog: for.
text: She unrolls a dusty parchment written in Japanese.
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You should be all set.
speaker_heading: ~LUKE
dialog: Thanks.
text: Luke scours through the parchment when he recognizes the
dialog: Japanese character/word.
text: He hurriedly flips through the accompanying translation and
dialog: reads...
dialog: Insert Text: Shinigami - Japanese God of Death... Legend has
dialog: it a man once found a Shinigami’s Death Note... the more he
dialog: used it, the more it drove him to kill... until it drove him
dialog: mad... .
text: Luke slowly pulls out the Death Note.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: DEATH NOTE PAGE ~- LAWS OF THE DEATH NOTE
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: Rule - The owner of the Death Note
dialog: may renounce ownership by
dialog: proclaiming, “I relinquish myself
dialog: from the Death Note.” They’1l be
text: set free from its grasp and lose
dialog: all memory of it.
dialog: (note: this is not the first time he’s reading this rule, but
dialog: it’s the first time it’s important)
text: ON LUKE in a secluded STUDY ROOM. He writes himself a note
dialog: on a post it before...
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: I relinquish myself from the Death
dialog: Note.
text: Sure enough his face goes blank. He looks at the book as if
text: seeing it for the first time before noticing the post it.
dialog: INSERT POST IT: Pick up the book in front of you.
text: He grabs the book. In his mind's eye he sees a flurry of
text: fierce, fragmented images as he's flooded with the Death Note
dialog: memories.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoa...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: DEATH NOTE PAGE - LAWS OF THE DEATH NOTE
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: Rule - A previous possessor of the
dialog: Death Note will have their memories
dialog: restored if they reacquire it.
speaker_heading: BACK ON LUKE
text: He tries it again... His face goes blank... He grabs the book
text: ~-- immediately flooded with the memories again.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoa...
scene_heading: EXT. HISTORICAL CENTER
text: Luke exits and makes his way along when suddenly he notices
text: SOMEONE emerge from the darkness. A chill shoots down his
text: spine. He feels their stare and is overcome by an uneasy
text: feeling as he takes off.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Luke walks along, hears FOOTSTEPS on the cobble stone street
text: behind him. He quickens his stride... and sure enough the
text: footsteps behind him also hasten.
text: LUKE pulls out his sidekick, acts like he’s texting, but
text: instead uses the sidekick’s camera to see behind him.
text: INSERT SIDEKICK SCREEN -- A MAN in a trench coat follows him.
text: LUKE rounds a corner, mind racing. He sees an internet cafe
dialog: and...
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNET CAFE - CONT.
text: ++» quickly enters. He throws down some cash, guickly pulls —
text: off his sweatshirt and makes his way to a computer while
text: eyeing the front door.
text: After a long moment the Trench Coat Man enters. Luke waits
text: for him to take a seat and then gets up and leaves through
text: the rear door.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNET CAFE - CONT.
text: Luke exits, stops in front of the cafe’s opaque door and
dialog: counts to himself before...
text: .-. he spins back around and goes to re-enter when the door
text: swings open. He BUMPS right into the Trench Coat Man, but
text: not before getting a good look at him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Excuse me.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNET CAFE
text: Luke enters.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shit...
text: Now he’s sure he’s being followed as he grabs the sweatshirt
text: he purposely left behind.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Luke paces, mind racing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Who the hell’s following me?
text: Suddenly, the germ of an idea forms in his head. He grabs
text: the Death Note and reverts back to the rules.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: DEATH NOTE PAGE - LAWS OF THE DEATH NOTE
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.)
dialog: Rule - If the cause of death is
dialog: written the person will die
dialog: accordingly unless that which is
text: written is implausible.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: BACK ON LUKE
text: He moves to his computer when there’s a KNOCK on his door.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (0.S.)
dialog: Luke, it’s me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (under breath)
dialog: Damn it.
text: He quickly removes the ink cartridge from his ball-point pen
text: and passes it through a tiny hole on the underside of his
dialog: desk drawer...
text: +++ popping up a false bottom, revealing a secret compartment
text: where he tucks away the Death Note before opening the door.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Why’s your door locked?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I didn’t realize it was... uh,
dialog: listen, can we just hang out some
dialog: other time? I got some stuff I got
dialog: to take care of.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Alright... sure.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE’S HOUSE
text: Sophia can’t help feeling something is wrong as she looks up
text: and sees Luke writing at his desk.
scene_heading: INT. KIRA TASK FORCE - DAY
text: Dt. Goemmans and Washington races to Capt. Murray.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Cap, you got to see this.
text: Washington pops a CD into a projector.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: We've been monitoring all the
dialog: priority arrest reports. Last
dialog: night three criminals from the
dialog: DEA’S list got nailed.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: This is from the Nassau County
text: Prison, where at 10:45 PM inmate
text: James Zellman cut his finger and
dialog: drew this on the wall...
text: ON SCREEN: A large pentacle is sketched in blood.
speaker_heading: DT. GOEMMANS (CONT’D)
dialog: +++ Shortly after, he died of a
dialog: heart attack.
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
text: At 10:47 PM over at Riker’s Island,
dialog: Vlad Dulinski wrote a full
dialog: confession and ran into the
text: lavatory before also dying of a
dialog: heart attack.
text: Washington clicks over to the next image.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Patrol found this in a crack house
dialog: in Harlem.
text: ON SCREEN: A DRUG DEALER lies dead from a self-inflicted
dialog: gunshot.
speaker_heading: DT. GOEMMANS (CONT’D)
dialog: This is Darren Hicks, he’s got a
dialog: rap sheet a mile long. He was also
dialog: on the DEA’s list.
text: They all look on, taken aback...
scene_heading: .+. ON SCREEN REVEAL: “Kira was here” written above the dead
dialog: drug dealer.
speaker_heading: BEAT
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Don’t tell the press anything. As
dialog: far as they know, they all died of
dialog: heart attacks.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Agreed.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Luke watches the news intently.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Three more criminals, Jim Zellman,
dialog: Vlad Dulinski, and Darren Hicks,
dialog: all died of heart attacks last
dialog: night in the latest string of
dialog: alleged Kira killings...
text: Luke thinks for a moment before hacking into the NYPD remote
text: access server where he finds what he’s looking for...
scene_heading: ++. IMAGES OF: THE PENTACLE, DULINSKI’S CONFESSION & The DRUG
speaker_heading: DEALER.
dialog: All the criminals died exactly the way he wanted them to.
text: Luke looks relieved as his eyes narrow and harden.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (0.S.)
text: In other news, a citywide manhunt
dialog: is underway for serial rapist, Tony
dialog: Dalton.
text: A PICTURE of Tony Dalton fades up on screen.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT’D)
dialog: Dalton escaped from several
dialog: sheriff's deputies who were
text: bringing him to his arraignment.
scene_heading: INSERT FOOTAGE of the ROPED OFF CRIME SCENE: INVESTIGATORS
text: move about the BLOOD STAINED STEPS.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT'D)
text: He is considered armed and
dialog: dangerous...
text: Luke opens the Death Note and begins to write... Tony Dalton.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY / LUKE'S ROOM - MORNING
text: Luke places a pin in the top hinge of his door, before...
scene_heading: EXT. DINSMORE BLVD. - MORNING
text: ++. Meeting up with Sophia. He seems distracted and
text: distant.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: You would tell me if something was
dialog: wrong, right?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, but nothing’s wrong.
dialog: 72.
dialog: She doesn’t believe him as...
scene_heading: EXT. MTA BUS STOP - CONT.
text: «.. the M60 Manhattan bound bus pulls up. Luke and Sophia
text: hop on as the Trench Coat Man (from before) hustles over and
text: gets on as well.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - MOVING - CONT.
text: Luke and Sophia move towards the back of the bus as the
text: Trench Coat Man takes a seat behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP
text: A MAN with a hard look waits as the bus pulls up...
scene_heading: INT. BUS - CONT.
text: +». He gets on. It’s Tony Dalton, the fugitive from the
text: night before. The bus RUMBLES off as...
text: -.. DALTON rips out a gun and presses it against the DRIVER'S
speaker_heading: HEAD. ~
speaker_heading: DALTON
dialog: Do exactly as I say or I'll blow
dialog: your head off!
speaker_heading: FAT WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Ah!i!t!
text: Dalton spins around to a terrified FAT WOMAN.
speaker_heading: DALTON
dialog: Pipe down you fat cow!
text: Panic ripples through the bus.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Now listen up! This is a robbery!
dialog: Do what I say and no one gets hurt.
text: SOPHIA grabs LUKE’S shoulder.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT’D)
dialog: (to Driver)
dialog: Keep driving!
text: The DRIVER nods submissively as LUKE turns to the Trench Coat
text: Man behind him.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We gotta do something.
text: DALTON sees him from the corner of his eye.
speaker_heading: DALTON
dialog: Hey YOu!
text: Dalton marches over to LUKE -- and JAMS the GUN in his FACE.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell are you doin’?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: DALTON
dialog: Oh yeah?
text: Dalton pistol whips Luke hard across the face.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyone else wanna be a hero?!
text: Dalton stares them down. He means business.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Everybody put your hands where I
dialog: can see ‘em! NOW!
text: Dalton tosses a bag to Luke as he wipes blood from his lip.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT'D)
dialog: You just volunteered yourself,
dialog: tough guy.
text: He grabs Luke by the collar and pulls him to the front.of the
dialog: bus.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay now listen up, I want everyone
dialog: to put their wallets into the bag!
dialog: If you give me shit, I’1ll give you
dialog: lead!
text: Dalton leads Luke from PERSON to PERSON as Luke collects
text: their wallets and places them into the bag.
text: They get to the MAN in the trench coat. He’s reluctant to
text: hand over his wallet.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, let’s go...
text: Dalton raises the gun to his face.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Hand it over.
text: Begrudgingly Trench Coat Man hands over his wallet, but Luke
dialog: drops it...
text: ++.» It lands on the floor -- and flops open -- revealing the
text: man’s FBI SHIELD and name: RAY ROE.
text: LUKE gets a good look at it and is taken aback.
speaker_heading: DALTON (CONT’D)
dialog: So you’re a pig...
text: DALTON tightens his trigger FINGER -- SHOOTS -- but. LUKE
text: KNOCKS HIS ARM AWAY -- sending the SHOT ASTRAY as --
text: --. AGENT ROE ducks -- the BULLET just MISSING HIM, when --
scene_heading: EVERYONE’S HEAD JERKS FORWARD as --
text: -- The BUS DRIVER -- SLAMS on the BRAKES. PASSENGERS SMACK
text: INTO the SEATS in front of them as DALTON tumbles backwards --
text: into the AISLE as the BUS comes to a SCREECHING HALT.
text: Agent ROE draws his GUN -- AIMS -- but it’s too late --
text: DALTON stumbles to his feet -- pushes open the BUS DOORS and
dialog: RACES OUT when --
scene_heading: EXT. BUS
scene_heading: -- A HORN BLARES -- BRAKES SCREECH -- SMASH!!! -- A GARBAGE
text: TRUCK PLOWS into DALTON as it barrels past the BUS -- SENDING
scene_heading: HIM SPIRALING IN THE AIR --
text: -- HE CRASHES down HARD on the ROAD, MOTIONLESS. DEAD.
scene_heading: INT. BUS
text: Everyone looks on in horror as...
scene_heading: EXT. BUS
text: ++» blood spews out from Dalton’s head.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0O.)
text: Tony Dalton, hit by a truck...
text: SUPER: the HANDWRITTEN TEXT of the DEATH NOTE ENTRY over the
text: AFTERMATH of the ACCIDENT as_ Luke reveals how he orchestrated
dialog: it all:
dialog: 
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: March 25th, 2008 Tony Dalton gets
text: on the nine fifteen M60 bus bound
text: for Manhattan. He tries to rob it,
text: pistol whips a young man wearing a
text: Thundercats t-shirt and then forces
dialog: him to help.
speaker_heading: FLASH BACK (BUS SEQUENCE):
text: REVEAL LUKE wearing a Thundercats t-shirt as he reaches for
text: Agent Roe’s wallet and purposely drops it (revealing his
dialog: identity).
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.) (CONT’D)
text: When the young man drops a wallet,
text: Dalton goes into a rage, fires his
text: gun and rushes off the bus, where
text: he’s killed.
scene_heading: BACK TO AFTERMATH - PRESENT TIME
text: Luke applies pressure to a gash on Sophia’s head as Agent Roe
text: approaches them.
speaker_heading: AGENT ROE
dialog: Hey, I just wanted to thank you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don’t have to thank me.
text: Agent Roe almost feels guilty for suspecting him, having no
dialog: idea Luke saved his life to do just that.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - HOSPITAL
text: Luke pulls back a curtain and finds Sophia sitting with a
text: bandage on her head.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Come on, let’s get out of here.
text: Sophia doesn’t budge.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: What? I spoke to the cops. We can
dialog: take off... What's the matter?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: I was so scared when that guy hit
dialog: you. He could’ve killed you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don’t worry, nothing’s gonna happen
dialog: to me, Sophia. Come on, let’s go.
dialog: 76.
text: He grabs her and leads her away as a nervous anxiousness
text: drives him.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Stop.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What? I wanna get out of here.
text: She just looks at him, emotion welling up in her.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: What’s gotten into you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: I mean, you look terrible and
dialog: you’ve been acting weird --
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: I knew I knew you!
text: REVEAL the fat Woman from the bus, sitting nearby.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're the kid from the subway.
dialog: You saved that woman.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, that wasn’t me. (to Sophia)
dialog: Are you coming?
text: She hesitates before moving to him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Really? I could’ve sworn that was
dialog: you, that you were that hero kid.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nope.
text: Luke hurriedly leads Sophia out the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY / LUKE'S ROOM
text: Luke checks for the pin in the door hinge, it’s still. there.
dialog: He removes it and...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - CONT.
text: +.» runs his hand through his hair as his mind churns.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shit... the Feds.
text: He glances at a picture of his mom.
speaker_heading: BEAT
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I need more time.
text: He takes out the Death Note as he paces back and forth.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: DEATH NOTE PAGE - LAWS OF THE DEATH NOTE
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: Rule - A page or remnants of a page
dialog: can bring about death, even if it’s
dialog: been removed from the Death Note.
dialog: (note: again, this is not the first time he’s reading this
dialog: rule but it’s the first time it’s important)
text: ON LUKE as he rips several pages from the book and pockets
text: them before tucking the book back in the secret compartment.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: dust in case.
text: He takes off as...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
speaker_heading: “nD
text: ++. Brett Gurtsky sits before a laptop displaying the L
dialog: logo.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: (from computer)
dialog: I know we've been through this a
dialog: hundred times but is there anything
dialog: else you can remember. Anything at
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Honestly, there’s nothin’ else...
dialog: I've given you everything I’ve got.
speaker_heading: BEAT
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Alright. Thanks Brett. We’re
dialog: gonna keep you sequestered here at
dialog: the hotel. But do me a favor...
dialog: from this point on don’t discuss
dialog: any of this with the NYPD.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: ‘Cause our suspect might have ties
dialog: to them... don’t want to tip him
dialog: off.
text: Brett leaves as Agent Roe enters.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you got for me?
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - DOWN IN THE BOWELS OF THE LIBRARY
text: Luke paces, his mind churning as...
scene_heading: INT. CELL - MURDERERS’ ROW - RAHWAY PRISON - DAY
text: «+. Alejandro Lozano curiously studies the LETTER Luke sent
text: him. He removes the phone card and dials a pay phone in his
dialog: cell.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM
text: Luke stops in his tracks when his prepaid cell phone RINGS.
text: Emotion flushes through him as he pulls it out from his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (0.8.)
dialog: Can you help me with --
text: Sophia enters.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Not now, I have to take this.
text: She stands there, waiting.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sophia, it’s private. Please, just
dialog: give me a minute.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Who is it?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sophia, please, just do me this
dialog: favor.
text: He whisks her towards the door as the cell RINGS in his hand.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Alright! God what the hell’s
dialog: gotten into you?
text: She exits as he quickly locks the door behind her.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (into cell)
dialog: Hello...
scene_heading: INT. LOZANO'S CELL
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Is this Mr. Witten?
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - INTERCUT
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes. This is Mr. Witten.
text: Luke frantically searches through his bookbag, pulling out
text: the DEATH NOTE PAGES and a LIST OF TEN NAMES.
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: Mr. Witten, this is Alejandro
dialog: Lozano. I got your letter.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, Mr. Lozano I’m glad you called.
text: The more Luke holds the Death Note Pages -- the more they
dialog: affect him.
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: So, can you really help me with my
dialog: appeal and take it on pro bono?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Actually I’m not a lawyer.
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, they’re useless. Believe
dialog: me... I have a better idea.
dialog: 80.
text: Luke begins to change... His eyes grow hard.
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: I don't understand. How the hell
dialog: are you gonna help me?
text: LUKE writes the names from the list onto a DEATH NOTE PAGE.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m not...
text: A_glazed_ look fills Luke’s face as the power of the Death
text: Note completely takes him over.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: ++. I just wanted to hear your
dialog: voice before I killed you.
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: What did you just say?
speaker_heading: PRISONER 1 (0.8.)
dialog: (guttural cry)
dialog: Uhit!
text: PRISONER 1, five cells down from LOZANO, clutches his chest
text: as a heart attack shoots through him.
text: LOZANO quizzically looks out his cell towards him as an
text: OFFICER races to his aid.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That man didn’t just die of a heart
dialog: attack. I killed him.
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: Who the hell is this?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Today you’re gonna pay for killing
dialog: Laura Murray.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LUKE, LOZANO, OFFICERS, PRISONERS
speaker_heading: PRISONER 2
dialog: AH!!!
text: LOZANO spins around and sees PRISONER 2 (across from Prisoner
text: 1) fall prey to a heart attack. A-chill shoots down his
dialog: spine.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (into walkie)
dialog: Get a medic up here fast!
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: PRISONER 3 (0.S.)
speaker_heading: UHI!!
text: All HEADS SPIN TO PRISONER 3, who suffers the same fate,
text: slumps over -- SMASHING his HEAD against a SINK --
text: SPLATTERING BLOOD ACROSS THE FLOOR.
text: LOZANO’S heart races as PRISONER 4, grabs the bars in fear.
speaker_heading: PRISONER 4
dialog: It’s Kira! He’s gonna kill all of
dialog: us!
text: Beads of sweat form on LOZANO’S forehead.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Tell me something... how's it feel?
text: PRISONER 4 falls backward -- SMASHING HIS HEAD AGAINST the
scene_heading: CONCRETE FLOOR.
scene_heading: PRISONER 5 PRISONER 8
dialog: Help us!!! Let us out!!!
text: OTHER PRISONERS YELL AS PANIC SETS IN.
speaker_heading: CORRECTIONAL OFFICER
dialog: Everyone calm down!!! (into
dialog: walkie) We need a lock down on cell
dialog: block 9!!!
text: It’s CHAOS -- ALARMS goes off as RIOT GUARDS rush in.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m saving you for last because I
dialog: want you to feel what it’s like to
dialog: be afraid. I want you to feel what
dialog: Laura Murray felt the day you
dialog: killed her.
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about!!!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes you do. Brett told me
dialog: everything. You killed two people
dialog: in a grocery store back in ninety-
dialog: seven.
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: No I didn’t.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don’t lie to me, You used your
dialog: Ansley and then shived it with a
dialog: screw driver.
text: That smacks LOZANO in the face as...
text: «+. PRISONERS 5, 6 and 7 -- DROP DEAD, one by one, like two
text: rows of dominos, making their way towards HIM.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Just admit it and I’11 let you
dialog: live.
text: LOZANO sees PRISONERS 8 and then 9 FALL to their deaths.
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: Okay, okay. It’s true. I did it.
dialog: I was all messed up. I’m SORRY.
text: Luke finally gets the truth. It really was Lozano.
speaker_heading: LOZANO (CONT’D)
dialog: Please. I don’t want to die.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Neither did Laura Murray.
text: LUKE writes Alejandro Lozano in the Death Note.
dialog: After a few seconds...
speaker_heading: LOZANO
dialog: No...!
text: LUKE flips. the cell phone shut as...
text: ++. a massive heart attack cripples LOZANO. He stumbles
text: forward, flops to the ground as...
text: -+. his mouth begins to foam over. The disconnect signal
text: BEEPS out from the phone as he lies there dead.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM
text: Luke holds the phone for a moment when he catches his own
text: reflection in the glass of a picture frame.
text: He quickly comes to his senses as he looks at what he’s done,
text: taken aback. Suddenly a KNOCK comes from the door.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (0.S.)
dialog: Luke...
dialog: 83.
text: He quickly gathers his stuff and races out...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY / INT. PRIVATE ROOM
text: ++. hustling past Sophia.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Hey, where’re you going?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Gotta run.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: What's going on?
text: He doesn’t respond as...
scene_heading: INT. NYPD CONFERENCE ROOM
text: ... Watari gets a text message.
speaker_heading: WATARI
dialog: Excuse me gentlemen.
text: Watari moves away from Capt. Murray and the others as he
text: dials a number into his cell.
speaker_heading: WATARI (CONT'D)
dialog: (sotto)
text: L, Lozano is dead. (listening to
dialog: response) Okay.
text: Watari clicks off the cell.
speaker_heading: WATARI (CONT'D)
dialog: Gentlemen... I’ve been instructed
dialog: to bring you to L.
text: The men all share a look as...
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY
text: +.. Luke races out from a subway car, overwhelmed with
dialog: emotion when...
dialog: ++. he sees the place where only two months ago he risked his
text: own life to save another. It feels so long ago.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY
text: Luke moves to his mother’s grave and breaks down.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Gotta get rid of it... It’s evil.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S ROOM
text: MASKED MEN rummage through the room while others hurriedly
dialog: install hidden cameras as...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME TIME
text: ... Luke races towards his house, only a couple of blocks
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: A MAN rips open Luke’s desk drawer, where the Death Note is
text: hidden. He scours through the drawer as...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: +.» Luke approaches, a block away when...
scene_heading: INT. NONDESCRIPT CAR - PARKED
text: ++. a LOOK OUT spots him.
speaker_heading: LOOK OUT
dialog: (into mic.)
dialog: We've got company.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: The MAN IN CHARGE quickly slams the desk drawer shut,
text: oblivious to the Death Note hidden in the secret compartment
dialog: below.
speaker_heading: MAN IN CHARGE
dialog: Hurry it up boys.
text: They hurriedly finish installing the cameras while tidying up
text: the room with memorized precision.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE’S HOUSE
text: Luke races up the steps, opens the front door and enters
dialog: as...
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S HOUSE
text: +++ the men funnel out a rear window with stealth.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Oblivious, Luke moves towards his room, determined to get the
text: book from his desk.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S ROOM
dialog: Everything is exactly the way it was when he left it. No
dialog: doubt about it, these guys were pros.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Luke moves towards his room, about to fall into their trap
dialog: when...
text: -.- he notices the pin he placed in the hinge has fallen to
text: the floor. A chill shoots down his spine. He realizes
text: someone has been in his room.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - CONT.
text: Luke calmly enters as...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - HOTEL - SAME TIME
text: ++. a MAN in silhouette eyes a row of surveillance screens,
text: all depicting various angles of Luke and his room.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke realizes that it might look suspicious to remove the
text: book from the hidden compartment. As much as he wants to get
dialog: rid of it, he can’t.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - HOTEL - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: SILHOUETTED MAN / (L)
dialog: Let’s see if you’re the hero
dialog: everyone thinks you are.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL LOBBY
text: Watari leads Capt. Murray and his team towards an elevator...
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - HOTEL - CONT.
text: ++. ushering everyone in. After a moment L enters. ‘He’s
text: intense, internal, filled with a mix of far off hurt and
dialog: intelligence.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Hi. I'mL.
text: Capt. Murray can’t believe it, he’s much younger than he
text: expected. He turns to Watari for confirmation. Watari nods.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Hi, I’m Captain Murray.
text: Greeting are exchanged as Watari hands Capt. Murray a folder
dialog: of pictures.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I’ve asked you all here because
dialog: I’ve narrowed down our suspect
dialog: pool.
text: Capt. Murray opens the folder and finds IMAGES OF LUKE.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Something happened today that
dialog: proves Kira, more likely than not,
dialog: is your son, Capt. Murray.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: You're out of your mind.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I know this must be very hard for
dialog: you captain but Luke is a college
dialog: student, he has a very high IQ and
dialog: it. wouldn’t be hard for him to get
dialog: information from you without you
dialog: even knowing it. But most of all,
text: he has a motive.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: What the hell are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: His mother was murdered. There’s
dialog: probably not a single day that goes
dialog: by where he doesn’t think about
dialog: that. Imagine what that would be
dialog: like.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: How that would affect someone, to
text: see their mother gunned down in
dialog: front of them. If it were me, I'd
dialog: want to kill the bastard. I'd want
dialog: vengeance. Or dare I say, justice.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Who the hell do you think you are!?
text: Captain Murray grabs L and slams him up against the wall.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Alejandro Lozano is dead -- he died
dialog: of a heart attack.
text: Capt. Murray lets go of L. It’s as if he got kicked in the
dialog: gut.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What...? When?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: This morning.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: (in defense of the Capt.)
dialog: So what? The ballistics didn’t
dialog: match up... he wasn’t the shooter.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Yes, he was.
text: L gestures to Waturi, who brings over a weapon in a red
text: EVIDENCE bag.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: Lozano altered the rifling of his
dialog: gun with a screwdriver... that’s
dialog: what threw off the lab. But the
text: screwdriver didn’t reach the back
dialog: of the gun barrel. When you
dialog: compare those markings to the slugs
dialog: they’re a perfect match.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He was the man that killed your
dialog: wife, Capt. Murray.
text: An uncomfortable silence ensues.
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: That doesn’t prove anything.
dialog: What?!
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: So it’s just a coincidence that
dialog: Lozano and Rick Gurtsky, one of his
dialog: few known accomplices, were both
dialog: killed by Kira? Maybe. I'11 give
dialog: you that. But when you couple that
dialog: with Brett Gurtsky’s testimony and
dialog: the fact that the e-mail sent to
dialog: the Times came from a computer near
dialog: Fordham University, the school Luke
dialog: attends, it becomes harder and
dialog: harder to say it’s all just strange
dialog: happenstance.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Those are bold allegations, L.
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: Yeah, it’s all circumstantial.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I know. That’s why I did what I
dialog: did... Cameras have been installed
dialog: in your house.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: You're out of your mind L!
text: They are all taken aback but Capt. Murray cuts them off.
dialog: L nods.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: (to L)
dialog: I know my son is a good kid. We’ve
dialog: got nothing to hide. If you wanna
dialog: watch us L, go ahead and watch us.
dialog: But make sure the job gets done
dialog: right. Make sure they’re no blind
dialog: spots. Because I don’t want any
dialog: excuses. Are we clear?
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Good, because I wasn’t asking.
text: Capt. Murray storms away, as do the others.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke readies himself for work as Capt. Murray enters.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Luke, I want to talk to you.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can’t now, I gotta go.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Then I’11 walk with you. Come on.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONT.
text: Luke and Capt. Murray walk along.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Did you go to Dr. Warren’s?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nothing, everything’s fine.
text: Luke puts on his best face as Capt. Murray studies him.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I want you to know something... It
dialog: was Lozano. They reexamined the
text: gun and the ballistics matched up.
text: Capt. Murray notices that Luke reacts with feign surprise.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I want you to listen to me
dialog: and I want you to listen good...
dialog: If you need to talk to me, you can.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I know, Dad.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: No, that’s not what I’m saying.
text: Capt. Murray looks at Luke for emphasis.
speaker_heading: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You can come to me... no matter
dialog: what... Do you understand?
text: There’s a long pause, an unsaid understanding, it rattles
dialog: Luke. How could he have put his father in this position?
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - LIBRARY - DIFFERENT DAY
text: Luke paces back and forth.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (sotto to self)
dialog: Gotta turn myself in.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No, can’t let it get out there.
text: He’s at a loss as...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: »-. Brett, deep in thought, scrolls through the New York
dialog: Times online edition.
text: Suddenly he stops dead in his tracks when he finds what he’s
text: looking for, THE KOREAN GROCERY STORE ROBBERY.
text: He eyes the names of the victims and their remaining
dialog: relatives.
text: INSERT TEXT: Linda Murray survived by her husband NYPD
text: Detective Sean Murray, and her two children, Luke and Sarah.
scene_heading: EXT. ATM - NYC
text: Luke withdraws some cash, continually checking to see if
text: anyone is following him.
scene_heading: INT. SPY CHEST ELECTRONICS STORE
text: A premier store for spy software. A SALESMAN shows Luke a
text: wireless camera hunter and other bug detection software.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: This is what you want. If you have
dialog: any bugs or hidden cameras, this’1l
dialog: find ‘em. But what makes this
dialog: little baby special is that it can
dialog: tap into their frequency, so it can
dialog: show you what they’re seeing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Two hundred bucks.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Can I return it if I have to?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: You got thirty days kid, after that
dialog: it’s yours come hell or high water.
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE’S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Luke stands on a tall ladder, hosing leaves down the gutter
dialog: when...
text: +. he pulls out the camera hunter. Earphones are attached
text: to it, making it look like an ipod.
scene_heading: INSERT THE CAMERA HUNTER’S 2.5” HIGH RESOLUTION SCREEN...
text: «+. it shows the POV of a hidden camera in Luke’s room. Luke
text: hits a button and it cuts to a different hidden camera’s POV.
text: He writes on his hand, diagramming the angles, looking for a
dialog: blind spot when...
speaker_heading: SARAH (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, it’s getting late.
text: Startled, Luke turns the hose back on the gutter.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you ready to go?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Go where?
text: She looks at him, shocked.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Are you kidding me?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sarah, I don’t have time for this.
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Just forget it.
text: She storms away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, it’s not my job to remember
dialog: everything. It’s time you stop
dialog: acting like a kid and grow up.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh yeah, screw you, how’s that for
dialog: growing up?!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What’s your problem!?
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's mom’s birthday!
text: She storms away, teary-eyed as Luke stands there, shattered.
text: He solemnly turns to the camera hunter.
text: INSERT SCREEN: It shows Sarah grab a bouquet of flowers off
text: the kitchen table and storm out, as does...
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM - EVENING
dialog: ++. a surveillance screen here. It’s one of many which line
text: the wall depicting various angles of Luke’s house. L eyes
dialog: them all as...
text: ++. Capt. Murray and his team enter. The tension is
text: palpable.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Well, I'm glad everyone is onboard.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: How long do you plan on doing this?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: We have to wait until another con
dialog: is killed. But it has to be
dialog: someone who hasn’t been in the news
dialog: before. That’s the only way we can
text: definitively clear Luke.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: That could take a long time.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I'm sorry, but we don’t have a
dialog: choice. I hope you understand.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DIFFERENT DAY
text: Brett cautiously picks up the phone and dials.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - INTERCUT
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello?
text: Brett freezes as he hears Luke’s voice.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello...? Hello...
dialog: 93.
text: Brett quickly hangs up as he goes pale.
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM - DIFFERENT DAY
text: Capt. Murray and L wearily monitor the surveillance cameras
dialog: as...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - SAME TIME
text: ++. Luke, now with longer hair enters, eating a bag of potato
dialog: chips.
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM
text: Capt. Murray and L wearily look on.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Your son doesn’t look well.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: It's just work and finals. That’s
dialog: all.
dialog: At least that’s what Capt. Murray hopes.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.)
dialog: (from tv)
dialog: ++. The dow was up a hundred points
dialog: today in heavy trading... But we
dialog: cut to breaking news. We have just
dialog: received word that an arrest has
dialog: been made in the murder case that
dialog: has left a Harlem neighborhood up
dialog: in arms...
scene_heading: INSERT TV -- INTERCUT CUT AS NECESSARY
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Last week Natasha Jackson was
dialog: sexually assaulted and murdered in
text: her home. DNA evidence has led
text: authorities to an unlikely suspect,
dialog: John Burress, a teaching assistant
text: at Natasha’s school, PS 32.
text: FOOTAGE of AUTHORITIES escorting BURRESS into the station
text: fills the screen.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Authorities raided his residency
dialog: and discovered physical evidence
dialog: that connected him to the crime
text: along with a stock pile of child
dialog: pornography... Wait a minute
dialog: (listening to earpiece) Something
dialog: seems to have happened. We’re
dialog: gonna go live to the scene...
text: A NEWS REPORTER stands in front of a HARLEM POLICE PRECINCT
text: as CHAOS erupts behind him.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Jack, can you tell us what’s going
dialog: on down there?
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
dialog: We've just gotten word that murder
dialog: suspect John Burress has died of a
dialog: heart attack!
text: L and Capt. MURRAY sit up in attention.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Watari, turn up the volume.
text: They immediately shoot a look over to the SCREENS monitoring
speaker_heading: LUKE.
text: He eats potato chips and studies at his desk.
speaker_heading: L (CONT’D)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He’s not watching the news...
text: The other DETECTIVES rush in.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: Are you guys watching this!?
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.)
dialog: Do you think it was Kira?
text: All eyes turn to the tv.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
dialog: It certainly seems so.
text: L is stupefied.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S ROOM
text: Luke eats chips as we slowly move in closer to the potato
dialog: chip bag...
text: ++. REVEAL a mini-hand held tv, a pen and a small piece of
text: the Death Note, lying deep within the bag.
text: The newscast’ plays on the mini’s 2.5 inch screen as a tiny
text: earpiece feeds Luke the audio track.
text: A name is written on the Death Note paper... Sure enough...
dialog: It’s one John Burress...
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM
text: Capt. Murray is on his cell as Brett Gurtsky enters and
text: approaches L and the investigative team.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: L, you wanted to see me?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Yeah, I’'1l be with you in a moment.
text: He points him towards a room as Capt. Murray clicks off his
dialog: cell.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: (to L)
dialog: The coroner just confirmed it. It
dialog: was Kira.
text: L's mind races as the news sinks in.
scene_heading: DT. GOEMMANS
dialog: I think we have no choice but to
dialog: absolve Luke.
speaker_heading: BEAT
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Isn't this enough for you L?
speaker_heading: BEAT
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Watari, remove all the surveillance
dialog: equipment.
text: Capt. Murray and his men take off as Brett moves to L.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: You're making a mistake. (re:
dialog: Luke) This is your guy. I’m sure
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: I don’t have a choice.
text: Brett can’t believe it.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE’S HOUSE - DIFFERENT DAY
text: Luke holds the camera hunter like an Ipod as a big grin.
text: crosses his face. All the cameras have been removed.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - CONT.
text: He races inside and rips the Death Note out from the hidden
text: compartment in his desk and...
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE’S HOUSE - CONT.
text: «+. races out, bumping into his father.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: Hey, where’re you going?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sophia's... But listen dad, I want
dialog: you to know something. You were
dialog: right. About everything. I’m
dialog: gonna go to law school.
text: Relief flushes through Captain Murray. He couldn’t be
dialog: happier, with everything.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNK YARD
text: Luke douses the Death Note with gasoline.
speaker_heading: . LUKE
dialog: I relinquish myself from the (Death
dialog: Note.
text: He strikes a match and tosses it onto the book. It explodes
text: into a ball of flames.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S HOUSE - LATER -
text: Luke enters. He looks like a new man. Sarah studies him.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, did you eat dinner?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You want some grilled cheese?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Only if you’re making it.
text: Luke smiles... Sarah smiles back, that’s more like the Luke
dialog: she knows.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: Brett comes across Luke’s profile on Facebook, which includes
text: a picture of him hugging Sophia.
text: He clicks on her image and pulls up her profile. He eyes it
text: for a long hard moment.
scene_heading: INSERT PROFILE: SOPHIA BAKAS, Fordham University ‘09
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM - EVENING
text: Watari hands the phone to L.
speaker_heading: WATARI
dialog: It’s Brett Gurtsky, he’d like to
dialog: talk to you.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - INTERCUT
text: Brett is on his cell.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: L, I’m going to prove to you that
dialog: Luke Murray is Kira.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: How?
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM
text: Luke’s cell phone RINGS, he checks the caller ID and smiles.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (into cell)
dialog: Hey, I was just thinking of you.
scene_heading: INT. NYC PUBLIC LIBRARY - INTERCUT
text: Sophia is on her cell.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Can you meet me at the library?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: How soon can you get here?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don't know, thirty minutes... Is
dialog: everything alright?
text: Sophia wants to say something but can’t...
text: +... REVEAL Brett discreetly pointing a 9 mm right at her.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Yeah, everything’s fine. Please
dialog: hurry.
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM - WATARI AND L
speaker_heading: WATARI
dialog: We've tapped into the library's
dialog: video surveillance.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Great. Let me see it.
text: Various angles of the library appear on L’s surveillance
dialog: screens.
speaker_heading: L (CONT'D)
dialog: Watari, is the lie detection
dialog: software up and running?
speaker_heading: WATARI
dialog: I’m still working on it.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Hurry.
text: Watari frantically types away, trying to boot up an audio
dialog: polygraphic system.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: EXT. NYC PUBLIC LIBRARY - 42ND ST. - SAME TIME
text: Luke races up the stairs towards the entrance.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (into cell)
dialog: Hey, where you at?
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM
text: Capt. Murray and the investigative team hurriedly enter.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: We got your message. What’s going
dialog: on?
scene_heading: INT. NYC PUBLIC LIBRARY - LOWER LEVEL
text: Luke enters and is taken aback when he sees Brett point his
text: gun at Sophia.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Stop right there!
text: A few BOOKWORMS flee when they see Brett take aim at Luke.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: I’m sorry, Luke. He made me call.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: You think it’s cool to play with
dialog: peoples’ lives? Huh? Let’s see
dialog: how you like it. If you want her
dialog: to live, confess that you killed my
dialog: brother and that you're Kira.
text: Luke genuinely doesn’t know what he's talking about now that
dialog: he’s given up the book.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What? Please just calm down.
dialog: You're making a big mistake.
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What the hell is going on? This is
dialog: bullshit! We’re already cleared
dialog: Luke as a suspect!
speaker_heading: L
dialog: You might have -- but I didn’t.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: (to Dt. Washington)
dialog: Get some cops over there ASAP.
text: Dt. Washington hurries over to a phone as L looks on
dialog: intently.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I swear to God. I’11 kill her!
text: Brett brings the gun to Sophia’s head.
speaker_heading: ; BRETT (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t make me do this.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, please! I’m not Kira! I don’t
dialog: know what you’re talking about!
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM
text: L shoots a look to the lie detection software. It’s not up.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Watari!
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY
text: Brett begins to tighten his trigger finger.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Please, just let her go. You can
dialog: do whatever you want to me, but
dialog: don’t hurt her.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: No, I want you to know what it
dialog: feels like to lose someone.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Please, don’t do it! I’m not
dialog: Kira!!!
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I don’t believe you!
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM
text: Everyone watches intently.
scene_heading: DT. WASHINGTON
dialog: The cops are almost there!
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Have them hang back.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Let’s see how he plays this.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: This isn’t a damn game, L! Send
dialog: them in! NOW!
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Beg! I want you to beg!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m begging you! Don’t do it!
dialog: I’M, NOT, KIRA!
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM
text: All eyes turn to the lie detection software.
dialog: running now.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh my god, he’s telling the truth.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY
text: Brett tightens his trigger finger.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Now you know how it feels!
dialog: 101.
dialog: It’s up and
text: Emotion overwhelms him. He’s really going to do it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No!
text: SIRENS BLARE. Brett shoots a look out the window -- sees
dialog: COPS arriving, when --
text: -- Sophia breaks free and makes a run for it.
text: down as Brett takes aim.
dialog: Time slows
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM
text: Everyone looks on with bated breath.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY
text: Luke charges towards Sophia, when...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, don’t -- !
scene_heading: ++. BAM -- BRETT FIRES -- Luke steps in front of the shot,
text: shielding Sophia. THUMP -- the sound of flesh tearing fills
text: the room as he crumbles to the floor.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
speaker_heading: LUKE!
scene_heading: INT. L’'S HOTEL ROOM
text: They all stand there horrified as...
speaker_heading: INT, LIBRARY
text: «+. Sophia kneels down next to Luke as a pool of blood spews
text: onto the marble floor.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Oh my God...
text: He looks up at her.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don’t be...
text: He grabs hold of her hand and touches the Claddagh ring he
text: gave her. She looks at it as she wells up with emotion.
text: “I love you” crosses his face but he doesn’t have the
text: strength to say it as he loses consciousness.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Somebody help, please! God please,
dialog: somebody help us!!! Luke! Lukel!!
text: Brett takes in the scene.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why did you shoot him!
dialog: 103.
text: The COPS storm in -- guns drawn.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Put the weapon down!
text: Brett sizes up the cops. before bringing the gun to his head.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT'D)
dialog: No!
text: BAM! -- his knees buckle as a round casing bounces off the
text: floor and his limp body collapses from a self inflicted gun
dialog: shot.
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM
text: Everyone watches in horror as the cops rush to Luke, Sophia,
dialog: and Brett.
text: Capt. Murray explodes, he grabs L and JACKS him up against
dialog: the wall.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: You're gonna pay for this L. I
dialog: swear to God!
text: The other detectives struggle to restrain Capt. Murray as...
scene_heading: EXT. LIBRARY
text: +++ blood spews out from Luke’s belly. MEDICS lift him onto
text: a gurney and into an ambulance.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - ST. VINCENT'S HOSPITAL - LATER
text: Sophia solemnly sits as Capt. Murray hurriedly approaches.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: It’s touch and go.
text: Tears stream down her face as Capt. Murray consoles her,
text: trying to be strong.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAYS LATER
text: A heart monitor BEEPS as Luke lies still... His eyes slowly
text: open. It takes him a moment to shake the cobwebs as...
text: +.» Capt. Murray, Sarah and Sophia slowly. get up from their
dialog: seats.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: Oh, thank god...
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAYS LATER
text: Luke, bandaged up, exits with Capt. Murray.
scene_heading: CAPT. MURRAY
dialog: I’m gonna go get the car. Hang
dialog: tight.
text: Capt. Murray takes off as Luke fishes through a bag of
text: personal items. He finds his sidekick and turns it on.
text: He looks at it curiously. He’s got a video message but the
dialog: strange thing is it’s from himself.
scene_heading: INSERT CELL PHONE SCREEN - INTERCUT AS NECESSARY
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE)
dialog: There's something you need to
dialog: know... You're Kira. And I’m here
dialog: to tell you what happened.
text: Luke is taken aback.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: After they removed the cameras you
dialog: tried to destroy the book.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNK YARD (FLASHBACK)
text: The Death Note is engulfed in flames.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE)
dialog: But you realized it couldn't be
dialog: destroyed.
text: Luke is astonished when the flames recede and the Death Note
text: remains unscathed.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: You thought about throwing it away
dialog: but you were afraid of who might
dialog: find it and what they might do with
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: You were at a loss, you didn't know
dialog: what to do... That's when I took
dialog: over.
text: Luke’s eyes narrow and harden again as he stands there in the
dialog: junk yard, clutching the Death Note. (note: everything Luke
dialog: does from here on is under the auspicious of the book).
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: We realized that a cloud of
dialog: suspicion still hung over you. And
dialog: there were loose ends that still
dialog: needed to be tied up. Gurtsky was
dialog: still out there.
text: He opens the Death Note and draws his pen.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: But we couldn't just kill him
dialog: because that would only draw more
dialog: suspicion...
text: Luke writes in the book one last time.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: ++. It would've been a mistake.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - (FLASHBACK)
text: Sophia cradles Luke as he lies there bleeding.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE)
dialog: And a mistake can cost someone
dialog: their life...
text: Brett takes in the scene -- aghast at what he’s done.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: +... Brett’s mistake was talking to
dialog: the police.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNK YARD - (FLASHBACK)
text: Luke writes in the Death Note.
text: SUPER: the TEXT of the DEATH NOTE ENTRY over the AFTERMATH of
text: the SHOOTING as Luke reveals how he orchestrated it all:
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
text: Brett Gurtsky, suicide. He
text: arranges to meet with his brother’s
dialog: killer by taking his girlfriend
dialog: hostage on June 5th 2008.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SOPHIA AND BRETT AT THE LIBRARY (FLASHBACK)
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0O.)
text: He forces the girlfriend to call
text: him and then contacts the
dialog: investigative team...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: WATARI HANDING THE PHONE TO L (FLASHBACK)
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: +.. and tries to make the killer
text: confess as they watch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - (FLASHBACK)
text: Sophia breaks free from Brett.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
text: He tries to stop the hostage when
text: she runs away and purposely shoots
dialog: low center mass.
text: BRETT lowers his aim and SQUEEZES OFF a ROUND.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: We knew you would do the heroic
dialog: thing.
text: Luke steps in front of the shot, shielding Sophia.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: We just had to make sure it wasn’t
text: a lethal hit.
text: Luke crumbles to the floor.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: A shot to the stomach would be
dialog: painful, but it wouldn’t kill you.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - (PRESENT TIME)
text: Luke stands there in shock.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE)
dialog: Then we took care of Brett.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY —- (FLASHBACK)
text: Brett is stunned by what he has done. He brings the gun to
text: his head.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
text: In a moment of madness, Brett kills
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - (PRESENT TIME)
text: Luke has to sit down. It’s as if he got kicked in the gut.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE)
dialog: We knew that if they saw you get
dialog: shot there’s no way they'd continue
dialog: to suspect you.
scene_heading: INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM (FLASHBACK)
text: Capt. Murray, L and the investigative team watch in horror as
text: Luke lies on the floor, blood spewing.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE)
dialog: But for you to really sell it, you
dialog: needed to not know what was going
dialog: on. That's why it was so perfect
dialog: to give up the book and lose your
dialog: memory of it.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - (PRESENT TIME)
text: Luke looks on, agape.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE)
dialog: But we have unfinished work to do.
dialog: We've hidden the book in an
text: abandoned cemetery.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FLASHBACK)
text: He pours cement onto the Death Note, encasing it within a
text: headstone mold.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE)
dialog: Because we realized if we were to
dialog: bury it in the ground or hide it in
dialog: the house someone could find it.
text: Luke removes the headstone from the mold.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: But there are social and moral
dialog: reasons why a headstone would go
dialog: untouched.
text: Luke carries the headstone into an abandoned cemetery.
speaker_heading: LUKE (FROM VIDEO MESSAGE) (CONT'D)
dialog: And I'm here to show you where it
dialog: is...
text: The video message begins to pan across St. Demetri’s Cemetery
dialog: when...
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - (PRESENT TIME)
text: «+. Luke SNAPS his sidekick shut and SLINGS it against the
text: wall -- SHATTERING IT.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh my god... what have I done?
speaker_heading: BEAT
text: Luke stands there breathing heavily when he feels the weight
text: of a stare. He turns and sees L approaching him.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Hey, are you alright?
text: Luke studies him. How long has he been watching?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: I’m sorry, do I know you?
speaker_heading: L
dialog: No... But I know you.
text: L pulls out a bag of chips and begins to eat (it’s the same
text: brand Luke used in the potato chip sequence).
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Luke solemnly lays flowers on his mother’s grave.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.)
dialog: Someone once said that the highest
dialog: proof of virtue is to possess
text: boundless power without abusing
dialog: it... but they never had a Death
dialog: Note.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Luke pensively walks along.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.)
dialog: Every day I pass by the cemetery.
text: He scans the grounds of the cemetery.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know which headstone it's
dialog: in but the truth is -- I don't want
dialog: to know. I just want to know it's
dialog: there, where no one can get to it.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE’S ROOM - DAY
text: Luke sits in his chair, deep in thought, looking at some Kira
text: news clipping.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: I spent a lot of time alone
dialog: afterwards thinking about what
dialog: happened.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Luke sits in a pew.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.O.)
dialog: I couldn’t make sense of it all.
dialog: Because the truth is, I let it
dialog: happen.
text: Luke breaks down and lowers his head.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: EXT. NYPD HEADQUARTERS - NYC
text: Luke eyes his father and his team through a window.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: I thought about turning myself in
dialog: and confessing...
text: Luke begins to cross the street, moving towards his father’s
dialog: office. -
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ++. but how could I explain what
dialog: happened without the book.
text: Luke stops, thinks better of it and turns around.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I realized I could never tell
dialog: anyone what happened, but not
dialog: because of what they would do to
dialog: me. No, the truth is the book is
dialog: just too dangerous. I knew it then
dialog: and I know it now. The world
dialog: shouldn’t know it exists. Nothing
dialog: good can come from it.
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA LAW SCHOOL BOOKSTORE - DAY
text: Luke brings a bunch of books to a CASHIER.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: But I knew I still owed the house
dialog: for the lives that had been taken.
dialog: Maybe I could never repay that
dialog: debt. But I had to try. I decided
dialog: I was gonna spend the rest of my
dialog: life fighting the good fight,
dialog: trying to help those that were
dialog: unjustly convicted. Maybe by
dialog: saving them I could undo some of
dialog: the harm I did.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: You a L1?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Don’t let them rattle you. That’s
dialog: what the first year of law school
dialog: is all about.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Luke walks along with Sophia, law books in tow.
speaker_heading: SOPHIA
dialog: I’m glad you finally came to your
dialog: senses.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, me too.
text: Luke takes her hand in his as they walk past the cemetery.
text: He can’t help but shoot one last look back at the headstones
dialog: as we...
dialog: «+.» SLOWLY FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
