speaker_heading: DEEP IMPACT
speaker_heading: WRITTEN BY
scene_heading: BRUCE JOEL RUBIN AND MICHAEL TOLKIN
dialog: October 17, 1997
dialog: Deep Impact
speaker_heading: SPACE
text: Deep, dark. Stars, distant planets, silence. The universe
text: spreading out before us in all of it's terrifying mystery.
text: Inviting, seductive. The dark edge of an infinite lethal
dialog: precipice daring us to jump.
text: It BLURS. OUT OF FOCUS. And back. Brilliant, SHARP. The
text: soft CLICK of a SHUTTER. It hangs open for an eternity.
text: Then, CLOSES. The WHINE of film advancing. We're ina --
scene_heading: STATE PARK IN VIRGINIA - NIGHT
text: With a pretty girl, SARAH, no more than fourteen, taking
text: photos of the night sky through her small telescope. She's
text: surrounded by a dozen other telescopes, three or four feet
text: long, reflectors and refractors.
text: TEENAGERS, a few adults, all take pictures of the night
text: sky using cameras attached to their telescopes. The
text: SHUTTERS open, close. The camera motors ADVANCE.
text: The teacher, MR. PERRY, supervises.
speaker_heading: WE MOVE TO:
text: LEO BIEDERMAN, whose interest in the sky is almost equal to
dialog: his interest in Sarah.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Matt Sheperd?
text: Sarah doesn't look up from her telescope.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: He asked me. It's just a party.
dialog: He's nice.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: To you maybe...
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: What's the bright one?
text: Perry, behind Leo. Leo returns to his telescope.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Mizar, it's a double star.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: And the one next to it?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Alcor.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: And the one next to that?
text: Leo stares through the telescope, hesitates. Finally...
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's Megrez.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: No it's not.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You said you didn't know.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I know where Megrez is. I'm talking
dialog: about the other thing.
text: He stands up for Perry to take a look. So does Sarah,
text: through her telescope.
speaker_heading: LEO (CONT'D)
text: South, about ten degrees.
dialog: 
text: Leo can't help but glance down as Sarah's jeans part from
text: her lower back when she leans over the telescope.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: (eye in the viewer)
text: Probably a satellite.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Huh?
text: As Perry starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: (an afterthought)
dialog: Take a picture and send it to Dr.
dialog: Wolf.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's Megrez.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 2A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: It's not Megrez.
text: Leo looks through his telescope at this distant light,
dialog: SNAPS the shutter, and --
text: THE SCREEN GOES BLACK.
scene_heading: REMOTE OBSERVATORY - NIGHT
text: And then, the black begins to OPEN. A platform moving,
text: dim white running lights glide along the smooth circular
text: sides of the massive dome above us.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A huge telescope swings slowly into place beneath a crystal
text: clear night sky.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSED ON SCREEN, A SINGLE WORD: "SKYWATCH"
text: Silhouetted against the brilliant stars, a man, plumes of
text: white breath escaping into the bitter desert darkness,
text: MARCUS WOLF. He releases the telescope from its clamps.
text: LOOKS DOWN at the mirror as it swings into position. wolf
text: steps off, walks back to the --
scene_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: FLICKS off the white running lights as he goes, bathing
text: the scene in red. Studies the sky on a large computer (no
text: one looks through an eyepiece anymore). He picks up an
text: envelope leaning against the monitor. In it, photographs
text: of the stars and a group shot, Perry and his kids. Leo
text: and Sarah hold up a sign: LEE HIGH SCHOOL ASTRONOMY CLUB.
text: Wolf grabs a slice of congealing pizza from a picked-over
text: Domino's box, shuffles the kids' photos. Not much of
text: interest. Stops at one. A beat. Turns it over, finds
text: the scrawled coordinates indicating its location in the
text: sky. Intrigued, he walks back into --
scene_heading: THE DOME - NIGHT
dialog: Controls the telescope with the kind of simple buttons you
text: find on a hospital bed: Up, Down, Left, Right. The huge
text: motors GRIND as the telescope moves.
text: The sky changes above us as he jogs back to - -
scene_heading: THE OBSERVATION ROOM
text: The image on the monitor rotates, LOCKS into place. He
text: compares the screen to the photo. Smiles.
speaker_heading: WOLF
dialog: Hello, do I know you? ...where
dialog: are you going in such a hurry...?
text: Taps in a command, the cursor squares on one area of the
text: image, ENLARGES. He stares, enters the ascension and
dialog: declination directions and observation time. Numbers race
dialog: by, trajectories, speed. Finally...
speaker_heading: WOLF (CONT'D)
dialog: ...oh shit...
text: Drops his slice of pizza into the trash, swings around to
text: his open laptop. Double clicks on his AOL folder.
text: The familiar AOL gateway graphic POPS up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 6
text: The modem CLICKS on, a DIALTONE, followed by rapid DIALING.
text: He rolls back to the mainframe, hunts around for an empty
text: disk, slaps it in, begins the download.
text: The modem SQUAWKS. A BUSY SIGNAL. The modem disconnects
text: then CLICKS alive again. Dials the back-up number as Wolf
text: EJECTS the downloaded disk from the mainframe. Wheels
text: back to his portable, just in time to be met by...
speaker_heading: VOICE (VO)
dialog: All circuits are busy, please try
dialog: your call again later...
text: The modem CLICKS off, the screen returns to the AOL
dialog: gateway.
speaker_heading: WOLF
dialog: Perfect...
text: He grabs a manilla envelope, quickly addresses it to:
scene_heading: "CAROLYN SHOEMAKER Ph.D. Department of Planetary Sciences,
text: University of Arizona, Tucson." Finds the photo, checks
text: the back for Leo's name. Where the disk label has a blank
text: space, he writes "WOLF-BIEDERMAN" --
speaker_heading: OMITTED 7
speaker_heading: OMITTED 8
scene_heading: OBSERVATORY - NIGHT 9
text: A battered Jeep Wrangler. Wolf leaps in, ROARS off down
text: the mountain. The observatory looms behind him.
scene_heading: TRUCK - NIGHT 10
text: A trucker, MCCLOUD, in the cab of a semi, a six-pack of
text: Jolt Colas on the seat, the RADIO BLARING country.
speaker_heading: WOLF'S CAR - NIGHT 11
text: Wolf listens to Puccini. The Jeep speeds around the snowy
text: mountain curves shakily as he attempts to dial his portable
dialog: cellular phone and stay on the road.
scene_heading: TRUCK - NIGHT 12
text: Puccini collides with Garth Brooks as McCloud guzzles his
text: Jolts. A long cigarette ash dangles from his lip.
scene_heading: WOLF'S CAR - NIGHT 13
text: Wolf drives. The phone held to his ear. A distant RINGING.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED}
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: WOLF
dialog: +..come on...come on...
text: And finally, a voice answers.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: You have reached the Department of
dialog: Planetary Sciences. If you know
dialog: the extension number of the person
dialog: you are trying to reach, enter it
dialog: now...
text: Wolf holds the phone down in front of him, trying to dial
dialog: the numbers, steer, and keep an eye on the road all at
text: once. Dialing wins out.
scene_heading: TRUCK - NIGHT 14
text: The cigarette ash fills the screen. We know it's going to
dialog: drop. We wonder when...
speaker_heading: MCCLOUD
dialog: »..0h fuck...!
text: His hand dances wildly, searching for the hot ash.
text: A MONTAGE OF ACCELERATING IMAGES 15
text: Wolf's Jeep rounds the bend in the wrong lane. McCloud's
text: hand digs between his legs, the ash burns his fingers as
text: Wolf's lights BLIND him. Wolf SCREAMS. McCloud YANKS the
dialog: wheel, the semi SKIDS.
speaker_heading: MCCLOUD
dialog: ...Jesus...!
text: The collision is a ballet of destruction, the drama of two
text: bodies trying to occupy the same space at the same time.
text: The mass of the truck dominates the Jeep. The Jeep's small
text: frame has nowhere to go but back into itself. Abstractly,
text: this is sculpture, at the moment, this is death.
text: Flying glass is everywhere. The Jeep's canvas roof SHREDS
text: and flails. Its engine pushes the steering column up into
text: the cab. The semi shoves the Jeep up and through the
text: guardrail, twisting metal and wood BURSTING out into space.
text: The Jeep SURGES end over end, down the side of the mountain,
text: towards the snowy woods, a hundred yards below.
text: The MANILLA ENVELOPE WITH THE COMPUTER DISK soars out of
text: the rags that were the Jeep's roof. For a moment it lands
text: at the foot of a snowy evergreen. An EXPLOSION and a
text: massive rush of air send it further into the wintery
dialog: forest.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: 18A
scene_heading: ON THE ROAD ABOVE - NIGHT 16
text: McCloud falls from the truck cab, drags himself up, stumbles
text: to the edge of the cliff, picking his way through the strewn
text: glass and metal. Grabs a roadsign for support, blood runs
text: down his face. He stares through the twisted guardrail down
text: into the canyon at the burning wreckage until:
text: A second EXPLOSION drives him back from the edge and we
text: PULL AWAY. Finally able to read the large yellow roadsign
text: lit by the fire below..."Watch For Falling Rocks."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: A title is superimposed on screen:
scene_heading: WOLF-BIEDERMAN MINUS TWO YEARS, FIVE MONTHS, NINE DAYS,
scene_heading: THREE HOURS.
scene_heading: MOUNTAIN NEAR TELESCOPE - DAY 17
text: A brilliant summer day, hot, bright. Two state highway
text: trucks are parked, orange cones, warning signs. A
text: SUPERVISOR takes a drink from a greasy water cooler perched
text: on the tailgate. Walks past the caged windows of a parked
text: Department of Corrections bus. Crosses the road to the
text: repaired guardrail and the roadside sign above it, "Watch
text: for Falling Rocks". Yells below.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Three o'clock. Let's go...
text: His voice CARRIES US DOWN the rocky hillside to the canyon
text: floor below where a YOUTH OFFENDERS PRISON CREW, rough
text: Teenagers in orange jumpsuits, pick up trash. The crew
text: looks up the hill, starts back for the road.
text: A SURLY TEEN GANG GIRL turns to go, spies one last piece of
text: weathered manila envelope tucked under a pile of
text: decomposing branches and leaves. Spears it. Brings it up
text: to her jam-bag. Stops. A name, faded, almost illegible.
text: Pulls it off her stick, brings it closer. An address:
scene_heading: "CAROLYN SHOEMAKER Ph.D. Department of Planetary Sciences,
dialog: University of Arizona, Tucson."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMIT 18
scene_heading: LIMESTONE CLIFFS - NIGHT 18A
text: The headlight of a helicopter settles down into the swirling
text: dust of a massive construction sight. Hundreds of workers,
text: train tracks, massive drills, four story earthmovers.
text: Entrekin hops out, shakes the hand of a hard-hatted man.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 6A.
speaker_heading: 18A CONTINUED: 18A
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN
dialog: No excuses, Parnell, all I want to
dialog: know is are we going to be ready
dialog: on time?
text: They walk out into the huge site, dodging heavy equipment.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: We'll be ready.
dialog: 19
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON DC. RESTAURANT - DAY 19
text: Lunch in a garden restaurant. JENNY LERNER 29, seated with
text: her mother ROBIN, 55. Robin has a slight air of bohemia; if
text: the women her age in the restaurant are dressed for business,
text: she's more relaxed. She's also a lot more drunk. Jenny is
text: lovingly concerned. Instead of looking at her daughter,
text: though, Robin studies her watch.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: At this moment, right now, the pretty
dialog: little girls, the twins, oh what are
dialog: their names? His sister's
dialog: grandchildren...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Emma and Susanna. Mother...
speaker_heading: ROBIN
text: They're walking down the aisle,
text: spreading flowers, dropping the rose
text: petals, everyone is smiling at them.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Mom, is this really a good idea?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
text: Yes. And now she's walking down the
text: aisle, and she stands beside him,
dialog: and the priest...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Judge, it's not a church wedding,
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: And the Judge says, blab blah blah,
dialog: sickness and health, blah blab blah,
dialog: do you, Jason Lerner, take Chlorine...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Chloe, her name is Chloe.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Of course it is. And Jason is saying,
dialog: lie lie lie lie lie, 'till death do us
dialog: blah blah blah blah... And she says
dialog: yes and he says yes and it's kissy
dialog: kissy kissy and congratulations,
dialog: Jenny...
text: The weight of what is happening hits Jenny. She can't believe
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TA.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (you understand, don't
dialog: you? )
dialog: That's right, the nuclear family
dialog: just exploded.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: As of this moment, I now have a
dialog: stepmother who is two years older
dialog: than I am.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: After fifteen years... Fifteen years,
dialog: I can't believe how much it hurts
dialog: me... Jenny, fifteen years, you'd
dialog: think I'd have been past the pain,
dialog: Jenny, it hurts me so much I'm
dialog: embarrassed.
text: Jenny studies her mother. She realizes something.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: When was the last time you slept
dialog: with him?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: That's none of your business.
dialog: (after a considered moment)
dialog: The hell with my deadline. Have a
dialog: Martini.
text: Jenny signals the Waiter for the bill. He brings it over.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It'd be a lot of fun to get drunk
dialog: with you, Mom, but...
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (you don't have to say it)
dialog: I know, I know, I know.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm sorry about this.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: We'll get over it. I love you.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I love you, too.
text: She pays the bill in cash.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Let me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 7B.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 19
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No. Goodbye, Mom.
text: And Jenny leaves.
text: AT THE DOOR OF THE RESTAURANT: She goes to the Maitre d'
text: and gives her a twenty.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Call a cab for my mother, would
dialog: you, Sue?
scene_heading: MSNBC RECEPTION - DAY 20
text: Jenny comes in from lunch, in a hurry. Behind the
text: receptionist is a television tuned perpetually to the news.
scene_heading: The ANCHOR is TIM URBANSKI, 46.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Tragedy struck today as a charter
text: aircraft carrying an Army unit
dialog: returning from duty in Japan crashed
dialog: this morning into the waters of
dialog: Puget Sound outside of Seattle...
scene_heading: MSNBC STUDIO - DAY 21
text: Jenny walks into the desks behind Urbanski's overlit anchor
text: desk. It's half-set, half-work area. We see Urbanski's
text: back, the cameras pointed at us, the blazing lights. Jenny
text: dumps her purse into a desk drawer, the preoccupied
text: researcher, BOBBY RHUE. Bobby gets up and walks with Jenny.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Would you sign a petition to get a
dialog: new coffee machine?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Would you call every hospital
dialog: between Washington and Baltimore
dialog: to see if anyone has admitted a
dialog: Holly Rittenhouse in the last few
dialog: days? Where's Stuart?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They started early today.
dialog: (what he wants to talk
dialog: about)
dialog: The coffee is bitter. I hear that's
text: why Bob Campbell is leaving.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (this is important)
dialog: Bob Campbell is leaving?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 7C.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I hear he's going to San Diego to
dialog: be an anchor.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: And you told me...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Because I have faith in you, and
dialog: because...
text: He gives her the petition.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't forget the hospitals.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I never forget anything.
text: She signs the petition on the run and hustles past the
text: windows of the Day Care Center where toddlers play.
text: Stops at the glass-walled conference room overlooking the
text: studio floor. Tries her best to enter quietly.
scene_heading: MSNBC CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 22
text: The staff meeting's already in progress. A long table
text: filled with an odd mix of impeccably attired and perfectly
text: coifed on-air personalities interspersed with casually
text: dressed couldn't give-a-shit senior staff. The meeting is
text: run by STUART CALEY, late fifties, holding a piece of fax
text: paper disdainfully. Behind him is a wall of monitors tuned
text: to competing news outlets. Some have a large Starbucks
dialog: coffee, some have Evian.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: White House Press office says that
dialog: Secretary of the Treasury Rittenhouse
text: is resigning because his wife is
dialog: sick.
text: That illicits a round of cynical hoots. IRA MOSKATEL is
dialog: business news, 40's.
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: Sick, my ass!
text: Jenny squeezes into an empty seat on the outer ring of the
text: room. BETH STANLEY, 40's, attractive, the senior White
text: House correspondent, smiles back at Jenny, shakes her head
text: in mock disapproval.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: So who passed Rittenhouse the
dialog: hemlock?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 7D.
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: AFL-CIO wanted him off the Council
dialog: of Economic Advisors for not
dialog: supporting the Pension Bill.
dialog: President's going to need Labor
dialog: next fall.
speaker_heading: MARIANNE
dialog: State's still fuming about the Trade
text: Office screw-up at the G-7.
scene_heading: MARIANNE DUCLOS: English, International news desk. JEFF
dialog: WORTH, 50's.
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: Pentagon's been unhappy with his
dialog: readiness reduction proposals.
speaker_heading: BETH
text: Greenspan dislikes him.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Christ, who didn't this guy piss
dialog: of fF?
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: (grins)
dialog: No wonder the wife's sick.
text: That gets a few laughs. Jenny cuts in from the back.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: She's not sick, she's a drunk.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: How do you know?
text: But she's not going down easy, stands her ground.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I had breakfast with Mike Woodward
text: over at Treasury.
dialog: (her notes)
text: Mrs. Rittenhouse started drinking a
dialog: couple of years ago when her husband
dialog: had a series of affairs. Stepped it
dialog: up last summer when their son died
dialog: of leukemia. Word at Treasury is
dialog: she's got liver damage, may even
dialog: need a transplant.
text: That shuts them up. Beth sneaks a smile back to Jenny.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You want to do something on the
dialog: price the wives pay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 22
dialog: 7E.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 22
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: That's tired.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Look into it, Beth. What else,
dialog: Ira?
text: As Ira begins his report, Beth looks back to Jenny,
text: whispers. We listen to both conversations at once.
speaker_heading: BETH IRA MOSKATEL
dialog: Mike Woodward, wife, Pentagon's getting ready
dialog: three kids? to issue a report on the
dialog: costs of the President
dialog: JENNY bringing all military
dialog: He's been asking me personnel back Stateside.
dialog: out for months, so I Maybe there's a connection.
dialog: let him have a breakfast
text: and hit him up on WORTH
dialog: Rittenhouse. Defense isn't commenting
dialog: (then) but everybody over there
text: Bob Campbell is leaving. seems pretty tense.
dialog: The midnight Saturday
text: anchor shift is opening MARIANNE
dialog: up. NATO's certainly not happy
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Why would I give up STUART
dialog: the White House for a Let's go around: white
dialog: graveyard weekend slot? House?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Not for you, for me.
text: Beth stares at the younger, attractive Jenny. Smiles.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: No. We'll talk about this later.
dialog: (answers Stuart)
dialog: Very calm, the President will be
dialog: back from Camp David tomorrow.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Ira, business news?
text: Jenny isn't giving up on Beth yet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Beth...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Keep working on
dialog: Rittenhouse.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Maybe Mike's available
dialog: for dinner.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (then)
dialog: Usual background,
dialog: administration officials
dialog: who've resigned under
dialog: similar circumstances,
dialog: usual.
text: Jenny's clearly unhappy.
dialog: Beth's attitude is good
text: humored and indulging,
dialog: that of a mentor and a
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Try to find Mrs.
dialog: Rittenhouse, see if
dialog: you can get her to do
dialog: a stand-up. The good
dialog: wife, loving kids, throw
dialog: in the family pooch if
dialog: they've got one. Take a
text: cameraman from the pool.
dialog: 7F-9.
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: IRA MOSKATEL
dialog: A lot of market activity
dialog: in Florida construction
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: That's not a headline.
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: You asked.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Pentagon?
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: Internationally deployed
dialog: units continue to be
dialog: recalled home. At this
dialog: rate, everybody'll be back
dialog: in ten months. Congress the
dialog: is going nuts, rumors are
dialog: the President plans to cut
dialog: the Pentagon budget in
dialog: half.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: International: Marianne?
speaker_heading: MARIANNE
dialog: Europe calm, Pakistan
dialog: bloody, Japan elections,
dialog: Nigerian famine.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Lead with the Pentagon again, follow
dialog: with the famine.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Jenny, get some famine statistics.
dialog: Maybe we can do a world hunger series.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: She's on Rittenhouse for me.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I can do both, Stuart.
text: That gets a smile and a head shake from Beth.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Great. Okay, that's it.
text: Everyone stands, gathers papers. Jenny dogs Beth out into:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 23
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: THE MSNBC HALL - DAY 23
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Beth...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (laughs/smiles)
dialog: Oh god, Jenny, please... Look,
dialog: this is how it works. You've done
dialog: your two years in research, now do
dialog: three as a segment producer, five
dialog: on air doing domestic features, a
dialog: couple as a Bureau Chief in some
text: cholera ridden hellhole, and then,
dialog: I'll quit if they don't give you a
text: weekend anchor shot.
text: Jenny stares at her, uncertain.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Are you protecting me, or just
dialog: holding me back?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (smiles)
text: Yes. Rittenhouse tape and text by
dialog: four, we'll drop in my reverses for
dialog: the five o'clock.
text: Beth walks into the Day Care center. We see her lift her
text: daughter through the window.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Caitlin! Hello Sweet Pea...
text: Jenny hangs back. Pissed. Spots Stuart.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Stuart...
text: He's on the move to his office, reading, barely looks up.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Bob Campbell's Saturday slot is
dialog: open. I hear he's leaving. I'd
dialog: like to sub for him.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Anchor?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I think I'm ready.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: I don't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: 23A
dialog: 10A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 23
text: He disappears into his office. She crosses to her desk.
scene_heading: INT. NASA SHUTTLE PREP BUILDING - NIGHT 23A
text: A shuttle surrounded by gantries, and men and women in
text: furious preparation to send the rocket into space.
text: A new point of view, taking in the scene. TRACK from the
dialog: new point of view.
scene_heading: ON THE ASTRONAUTS
text: We HEAR the echo of old cowboy boots on the hard concrete
dialog: floor.
dialog: This should be like Norma Desmond's return to the Paramount
text: Stage in "Sunset Boulevard". While the Astronauts are
text: suspicious, all around them the older NASA hands stop what
text: they're doing, wherever they are, and begin to applaud.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: That's him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Unbelievable.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: How long has he been out of the
dialog: saddle?
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: They don't trust us without him.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: We should give him a chance.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: And if he blows it?
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: You have a point...
scene_heading: RETURN TO THE MAN'S POV
text: We HOLD BACK and SPURGEON TANNER enters frame. Tanner walks
text: proudly into the applause, knowing that to acknowledge the
dialog: support of the old hands is to give them encouragement. We
text: come around him as he walks ahead to greet a man in the
text: crowd who is coming out to him, MITCH HEFTER, in his
text: sixties, another old engineer.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: How have you been, Fish?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 23A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: And he walks forward,
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I didn't know how much I missed
dialog: this place until just now. It's
dialog: good to be back.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: I was against it. But they need
dialog: your help.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I know. Let's meet the crew.
dialog: 10B-10C.
speaker_heading: 23A
dialog: and from a safe distance we see him
text: shaking hands with everyone, and we see that Monash is
dialog: reluctant,
dialog: and Tanner knows it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 23B INT. MSNBC NEXT - DAY 23B
text: A new face, SHEILA MARTIN, African-American, late-30's, at
text: the anchor desk. We hear and see her live on the various
text: monitors scattered throughout the room. Jenny and Bobby
text: walk through the room.
speaker_heading: BOBBY MARTIN
dialog: I tried the hospitals, The President today
dialog: no Rittenhouse... announced the cancellation
dialog: of another aircraft carrier,
text: JENNY the Ronald Reagan. At the
dialog: The rehab hospitals? White House, our Beth
dialog: Stanley.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: I know my job. I called ON TV: PRESIDENT TOM BECK, in
dialog: every one from Florida an Oval Office Photo Op:
dialog: to Connecticut.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
speaker_heading: JENNY Defense conversion will
dialog: Is there a maid, is require us to re-imagine
dialog: there a driver? and re-invent the way
dialog: government works.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
speaker_heading: Patricia Ruiz, BETH (ON TV)
text: Rittenhouse's Secretary, Senator Barbara Boxer of
dialog: was dropped from the California had this
text: payroll. response.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (The first good news
dialog: of the year)
dialog: I'll bet she's happy
dialog: about that.
text: They reach her desk. Where we find, ERIC VENNEKOR,
text: twenties, handsome. He's made himself comfortable at her
text: desk, watching cartoons.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 23B CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Eric Vennekor, your
dialog: new cameraperson. The
dialog: pool sent me over.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Could you please get
dialog: your feet off my desk.
dialog: (she grabs her
dialog: coat and the
dialog: remote and changes
dialog: the channel)
dialog: Time to run.
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: You didn't happen to
dialog: get Mrs...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Ruiz, you're meeting
dialog: her for coffee,
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: There's plenty of room
text: in the van.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Good. Follow me.
dialog: I'll take my car.
dialog: After I see Ruiz we go
dialog: to Rittenhouse's place
dialog: and either surprise
dialog: him or find out what
dialog: the maid knows. You
dialog: grab a couple of pretty
text: shots of the house,
dialog: and I'll let Beth tell
dialog: me what the story is.
speaker_heading: 114A.
dialog: 23
scene_heading: ON TV: SENATOR BOXER in the
dialog: Capitol.
speaker_heading: BOXER (ON TV)
dialog: First the massive troop
dialog: redeployments and now the
dialog: cancellation of a second
dialog: carrier. The President
dialog: has been playing with the
dialog: Treasury as though he
dialog: doesn't have to answer to
dialog: Congress, and I'm very
dialog: disappointed.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: The President was quick to
dialog: respond.
scene_heading: INSERT PRESIDENT BECK
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I am not canceling the
dialog: carrier. I'm saying that
dialog: there's new technology
dialog: which would lower its
dialog: construction costs and I
dialog: want to give it more study.
text: ON TV: Beth is on her feet,
dialog: asking him a follow-up
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: But what about the three
dialog: billion dollars already
dialog: committed to the ship?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: We'll save it for a rainy
dialog: day.
text: ON TV Beth in front of the
text: White House, a standard shot.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: This is Beth Stanley,
dialog: reporting from the White
dialog: House.
text: They are watching Beth on the monitor.
dialog: You're getting a little too good
dialog: at this.
dialog: Come on.
dialog: And they go.
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: AND
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: 25A
dialog: 11B.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL REFLECTING POOL LUNCH
text: Jenny and MRS. RUIZ, a fifty-ish career secretary, a decent
text: person, very wounded by something. Eric's leaning against
text: the van smoking, parked illegally over by the steps.
text: Office workers eat lunch outdoors in the warm weather.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: I've been with the Secretary since
dialog: he was Governor of Connecticut. I
dialog: came with him to Washington. I
dialog: moved here because I was dedicated
dialog: to his career. I trusted the man.
dialog: And then he fucked me.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: He what?
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: No... I didn't have sex with him...
dialog: or I should say, I didn't have sex
dialog: with him, but somebody sure did.
dialog: And it was about to come out, so
dialog: he resigned. But since I was hired
dialog: from outside the government pool,
dialog: I don't get conveyed to the next
dialog: Secretary, so now I'm out a job.
dialog: Because he couldn't keep his hands
dialog: off of women.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Do you have proof?
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: He thinks he was so clever. He
dialog: had a private phone line installed
dialog: in his office. Nobody else could
dialog: answer it. I picked it up once,
dialog: said "hello"... and it's nobody
text: home. It rings, he shuts the
dialog: door. Why not hang a sign?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Do you have a name?
text: Ruiz balks. Her years of loyalty hard to shed.
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: This is what I get for talking to
dialog: the press. I am selling my soul
dialog: right now, I can feel it, I can
dialog: feel it. I name a name and get
dialog: someone into trouble.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: AND
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: 25A
dialog: 11C-14.
speaker_heading: 25A CONTINUED: 25A
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: So you know her name?
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Just her first name. Oh my God,
dialog: I'm going to say it...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Ellie.
dialog: Jenny writes, suppresses a grin, this is great.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Just Ellie? Nothing else?
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: I think the President knows her
dialog: too. I overheard the Secretary
dialog: talking to him about her. Isn't
dialog: Washington sick?
text: Jenny nods as if agreeing, but frankly, right now,
dialog: Washington is pretty damn great.
speaker_heading: RUIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: I almost feel sorry for him.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Sorry for the man who cost you
dialog: your job?
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Thank you. That's a reality check
dialog: I'm going to cash right now.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: 26 CHESAPEAKE BAY - DAY 26
text: Half-million dollar homes on a beautiful cove by the bay.
text: Huge trees, gravel lined drives, azaleas. Jenny and Eric
text: climb out of a MSNBC van, look down the rolling lawn to a
text: lovely brick Colonial.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: You drive like a maniac.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Have you ever seen a Scottish
text: cameraman naked before 3:00 p.m.?
dialog: It's a custom...
text: Eric grabs his camera gear. He follows Jenny down the
dialog: lawn.
scene_heading: 26A EXT. ON THE DOCK - DAY 26A
text: LILY is a pretty ten year old, stuffing a sailbag.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We're looking for your mom.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: My Mom's sick, she's not here.
text: Jenny studies the scene on the dock: duffel bags, travel
text: gear, freeze dried food, several cases of ENSURE.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I love boats. Looks like you're
text: going on a long trip.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's exciting. Where are you
dialog: going?
text: ALAN RITTENHOUSE, a patrician in his fifties, comes out of
dialog: the boat.
speaker_heading: RITTENHOUSE
text: She's going up to the house. Lily,
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 15A.
speaker_heading: 26A CONTINUED: 26A
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Lily, what a pretty name. Jenny
dialog: Lerner, MSNBC, Mr. Rittenhouse...
speaker_heading: RITTENHOUSE
dialog: Lily, do as I say.
text: Eric shoulders the camera.
speaker_heading: RITTENHOUSE (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you want from me?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We want to talk to you about your
dialog: resignation.
speaker_heading: RITTENHOUSE
dialog: My wife is sick, she is in the
dialog: hospital. This is why I resigned,
dialog: everybody knows that.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Sir, we can talk about your wife,
dialog: or we can talk about Ellie.
speaker_heading: RITTENHOUSE
dialog: Turn your camera off. If you want
dialog: to talk, turn it off.
text: Jenny gives the okay to Eric. He puts it down.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We know everything.
speaker_heading: RITTENHOUSE
dialog: Nobody knows everything.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We know about the secret phone
text: line. The whispered calls to the
dialog: President. A Secretary of the
dialog: Treasury keeping his entire
dialog: department in the dark about what
dialog: he's really doing. A cover story
dialog: about his resignation that's just
dialog: been blown. You want me to keep
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: RITTENHOUSE
dialog: And you're just going to break it?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's what we do for a living.
dialog: You keep secrets, we expose them.
dialog: Democracy in action, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 26A CONTINUED:
dialog: 15B-22.
speaker_heading: (2) 26A
speaker_heading: RITTENHOUSE
dialog: Congratulations, now you've got
dialog: the biggest story in history.
dialog: Good luck to you. Personally, I
dialog: think it's a mistake to run it,
dialog: but, hey, what the hell, why not?
dialog: What difference does anything make
dialog: anymore?
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I know you're just a Reporter, but
dialog: you used to be a person, right? I
dialog: wanted to be with my family. Can
dialog: you understand that?
text: Rittenhouse turns away from Jenny and walks over to Lily
text: who has been curiously watching the exchange. Rittenhouse
text: takes Lily's arm and they quickly leave the dock together.
speaker_heading: 27 OMIT
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 33B
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 33B
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 34 PARKWAY NEAR THE POTOMAC LATE - AFTERNOON 34
text: Jenny's driving her Honda, talks into a microcassette
text: recorder as the sun sets over the mall.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (figuring out the story,
dialog: making notes)
dialog: Okay, so... It's obvious. The
dialog: Secretary of the Treasury resigns
dialog: because of a mistress named Ellie.
dialog: The President knows about this.
dialog: But why... the people... the
dialog: Secretary of the Treasury... the
dialog: President... whoa... the President
dialog: of the United States has a
dialog: girlfriend named Ellie, and the
dialog: Secretary of the Treasury is
text: pretending to have an affair with
dialog: her, and he resigns... and the
dialog: President buys him a yacht?
dialog: (she's got it, now she's
dialog: pretending to be on air)
dialog: MSNBC learned today that a shocking
dialog: sex scandal has rocked the white
dialog: House and the Treasury Department.
text: In the still unfolding drama,
dialog: sources within the Treasury
dialog: Department have confirmed...
text: BOOM! The recorder flies out of her hand and SMASHES
text: against the window as her head WHIPS forward. She's been
text: RAMMED from behind, looks in her rear view mirror.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Son of a bitch.
text: A dark domestic sedan, two men in the front seat. They
dialog: RAM her again. She's not stupid, this is serious. She
text: tries to speed up but the car ahead slows down. She tries
text: to pass, but the car beside her won't move, its male
text: passenger motions for her to pull over.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no... Shit...
text: She pulls to the side of the road, the three escort cars
text: surround her. A man in a grey suit opens her car door.
speaker_heading: GREY MAN
dialog: If you would please, ma'am.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Who the hell are you?
text: FBI badges. He points inside the sedan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 34
dialog: 23A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: GREY MAN
dialog: Please...
text: It's not a request. She steps out cautiously, he opens the
text: passenger door of his sedan. She climbs in as a younger
text: man hops in behind the wheel of her Honda.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 24-248.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You guys wouldn't have a warrant
dialog: or anything, would you?
text: But nobody answers, nobody even looks at her as the convoy
text: pulls away and disappears into the heavy traffic.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: KITCHEN HALLWAY LATE - AFTERNOON
text: Jenny is brought down a long, oppressive concrete hallway,
text: overhead pipes, conduit, ducts. Is lead into a --
scene_heading: HUGE UNDERGROUND INDUSTRIAL KITCHEN LATE - AFTERNOON
text: A few men are there, waiting. MORTON ENTREKIN steps
text: forward, 40s, hip, Southern, shirtsleeves. The kitchen
text: counters are covered with food from an interrupted luncheon
dialog: clean-up.
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN
dialog: Morton Entrekin, Ms. Lerner.
text: He offers his hand. She thinks about this, then takes it.
text: Everyone is watching her, no one gives anything away.
dialog: There's another few jars of that damned Ensure. What's
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: MSNBC... They know what I am working
dialog: on... they expect from me and I
dialog: think they should.
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN
dialog: People knew about the Manhattan
dialog: Project and they kept it secret.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: And that was just the creation of
dialog: the atom bomb.
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN
dialog: You do understand. Hundreds of
dialog: thousands of people kept that
dialog: secret. That's how we won World
dialog: War Two. Thousands are keeping
dialog: this secret.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm a reporter.
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN
dialog: With no concern for national
dialog: security?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 38
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 38
text: Jenny is thoroughly confused, trying desperately to figure
text: out what he's talking about without revealing her ignorance.
text: But he's not watching her, he's still waiting. An FBI agent
text: picks luncheon meat off a large deli platter, eats.
dialog: What the hell is going on?
text: The double doors BURST open and PRESIDENT BECK enters
text: followed by Secret Service Agents. To say he enters doesn't
text: quite explain it, his presence seems to proceed him, as if
text: he's the dawn sun just breaking the horizon.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Ms. Lerner, Tom Beck. I understand
dialog: you've come into a little
dialog: information.
text: Jenny stands there as if slapped. Beck offers the smile
dialog: that got him elected. Holy shit, the water's suddenly
text: very deep.
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN
dialog: Ms. Lerner was just expressing her
dialog: lack of enthusiasm for matters of
dialog: national security when journalist
dialog: competitiveness is at stake.
text: Beck nods, seeming to agree with Jenny. The reasonable,
text: understanding father, the legislative compromiser. Jenny's
text: staring at him. He's not unaware of the effect he's having
text: on her. She takes a deep breath, plays her only card.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (fighting now to collapse in
dialog: front of the man)
dialog: At this moment Mr. President, I am
dialog: not interested in using Ellie to
dialog: further my career.
text: When she says the word Ellie, the President studies her.
text: He wants to speak to her as someone he can trust.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: So what do you know about E.L.E.?
text: When Jenny hears the phrase E.L.E. something snaps into
text: place. She realizes she has a card to play for the first
dialog: time since she was taken here.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I know you should have chosen a
dialog: better cover story than a sick
dialog: wife.
text: Beck looks unhappily to Entrekin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 25A.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (4) 38
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: You see? What did I say?
text: Entrekin holds up his hands, guilty as charged.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: We always thought that the deadline
dialog: for going public was the publication
dialog: of the budget. We've spent more
dialog: money than we could hide. But the
dialog: budget comes out in two weeks. I
dialog: don't suppose I can convince you to
dialog: sit on this for two weeks?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: There's no such thing as two weeks
dialog: in the news business.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: And I can't appeal to your sense
dialog: of what's in the nation's best
dialog: interest.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I always thought the truth was in
dialog: the nation's best interest.
text: Beck and Entrekin look at each other.
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN
dialog: Should we hold her?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: What if we went public in forty-
dialog: eight hours? That's doable, isn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN
dialog: It'd be very difficult.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: If she knows, how many days before
dialog: The Post or CNN break the story?
dialog: This was never going to be a secret
dialog: as long as you wanted it to be,
dialog: Morton.
dialog: (back to Jenny)
dialog: If you give us two days, you get
dialog: second row center at the White
dialog: House press conference. And from
dialog: what I know about your career,
dialog: that's a promotion.
text: She considers this. She has to play a big card.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I want exclusivity.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 25B.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (5) 38
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Now you listen to me, Ms. Lerner.
dialog: This is a Presidential favor. I'm
dialog: letting you go because I don't want
dialog: another headache and I'm trusting
dialog: you because I know what this can do
dialog: for your career. Somehow, we have
text: each other over the same barrel.
dialog: But who really has the power in this
dialog: room?
text: He's scary, and they're eye to eye. But she is still strong
text: enough for one last volley.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I want the first question.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Want?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: May I? May I have the first question?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: (the political pro)
dialog: See you on Tuesday, Ms. Lerner.
speaker_heading: 38A OMIT 38A
dialog: 39
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: MSNBC.NEWSROOM - NIGHT 39
text: Jenny rushes into the newsroom, most of the desks are empty,
text: save for a small news staff, the anchor out front, and a
text: cleaning crew. She tosses her stuff down, throws herself in
text: front of her computer, types in ELE.
text: BEEP...BEEP! The screen comes alive with hits. Paint
text: companies, an exterminating outfit in Atlanta, an
text: upholsterer in Boise, a website for Ella Fitzgerald.
text: She jumps to information on Ellesmere Island and it's snow
dialog: blasted Eskimo settlements. Nothing's right.
text: She then has a thought and types in E.L.E. The search
text: reveals a single hit: E.L.E. -- see University of California
dialog: at Berkeley, Department of Paleontology.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What does Paleontology have to do
dialog: with anything?
dialog: Next hit -- Department of Paleontology. A list of sub-
dialog: headings: Invertebrate Paleontology, Vertebrate
dialog: Paleontology, Oceanographic Prehistory, Hominid Paleontology
dialog: (see Department of Anthropology), Extinction Studies. That
text: stops her. She clicks on "Extinction Studies". Up comes a
text: graphic with the dinosaurs and the comet, and the
dialog: definition: E.L.E. -- Extinction Level Event.
text: She clicks the hot word, "Extinction" and up comes: "The act
dialog: or fact of dying; death, decease, demise, dissolution,
dialog: passing, quietus, rest." We're close on Jenny when we hear --
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Hey, look who's working late.
text: Jenny is petrified, but covers.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 39
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: How're we doing on Rittenhouse?
text: It's Beth, carrying her daughter, Caitlin, briefcase slung
text: over one shoulder. She's on her way home.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I... Uh... No sign of his wife,
dialog: not yet, we're working on it.
dialog: We'll get her.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Is she missing?
speaker_heading: JENNY'
dialog: She's not available for comment.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I know it's a dull story ...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yeah
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I'll find something more exciting
dialog: for you next time.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Come to dinner with us?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I have to meet my Father.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Then I'll see you tomorrow. Say
dialog: goodnight, Caitlin...
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: «.. night...
text: What Beth hasn't seen is Jenny's computer screen: a full
text: color and text encyclopedia page, illustrated dinosaurs, a
dialog: comet, extinction.
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: 40A
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: OMIT 40
scene_heading: INT. HAYS ADAMS DINING ROOM - NIGHT 40A
text: A great old wood paneled bar. JASON LERNER is about sixty
text: three; an international lawyer, serious and somewhat
text: guarded. His relationship with his daughter is civil, and
text: terrible. CHLOE WEBBER, his new wife, is just two years
text: older than Jenny. She is not a joke, which makes this more
dialog: painful. Of course she is lovely, but she is a serious
text: person, too, not unlike his daughter.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Here she is. Jenny...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 28A.
speaker_heading: 40A CONTINUED: 40A
text: And Jenny comes into the room, looking like she just found
text: out the world is coming to an end. The more deeply she
text: stares into herself, the more her father and mother-in-law
text: read this as hatred of them. The Waiter arrives.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Would you like a drink?
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: A big Martini, up, big.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I missed you yesterday. It hurt me
dialog: very much that you didn't come to
dialog: the wedding.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (making peach)
dialog: Jason, you promised. Jenny I wanted
dialog: you to have something.
text: She hands her a blue box from Tiffany. Jenny stares at the
text: box, as though she's never seen a present.
text: She gives him no reaction. Indicates another round for him
text: and Chloe. The waiter leaves. Jenny handles the box
dialog: without comprehension.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Jenny, you should open the present.
text: Jenny opens it numbly. Two pearl earrings. She shakes her
dialog: head, but not about this.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: You can always exchange them if you
dialog: don't like them. I know this is
dialog: hard, but I want you to be happy.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Happy.
text: The drinks arrive. Jason lifts his glass. While Jason is
text: talking, Jenny downs the Martini.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Alright. I want to forget about
dialog: yesterday, and I want to say how
dialog: important it is to me that we're
dialog: together now.
dialog: But Jenny had finished her Martini in the first five words
text: of the toast, and she's staring deep into herself.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Are we going to have an evening or
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 40A CONTINUED:
dialog: 28B-30.
speaker_heading: (2) 40A
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I know you hate me. I know you want
dialog: to say something terrible to me. I
dialog: know you want to ask me what my major
dialog: is, or how long I've been driving, or
dialog: if my mother let's me cross the
dialog: street by myself. But my parents
dialog: were divorced too. You have to get
text: over it. Life goes on.
text: Jenny looks at her, and starts to smile, and then laughs to
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: Life goes on.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Dad, you have to get back with Mom.
dialog: She's all alone in the world, and
dialog: she needs you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Jenny, I got married yesterday.
dialog: (to Chloe)
dialog: I'm sorry for the way my daughter
dialog: is behaving.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (she's not happy)
dialog: It's not your fault.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I have to go. I'm not a bad person.
dialog: I'm really not. I know you think I
dialog: am and I don't hate you. I have to
dialog: go.
text: Jenny gets up and leaves. We stay with Jason and Chloe.
dialog: She picks
text: up the earrings.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 40B
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: 40C
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: OMIT 40B
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: 40c
speaker_heading: OMIT 41
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 44
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE EARLY EVENING 45
text: The press corps is in full force. Reporters every ten
text: feet, each with a backdrop of the White House. We TRACK
text: ALONG, hearing them all say essentially the same thing.
speaker_heading: BRENT HUME
text: President Beck begins his address
dialog: in fifteen minutes...
speaker_heading: COKEY ROBERTS
dialog: The White House has maintained a
dialog: complete blackout on the purpose
dialog: of tonight's speech...
speaker_heading: FRENCH REPORTER
dialog: Le President a demande ace que les
dialog: televisions du monde entier...
speaker_heading: AFRICAN REPORTER
dialog: Hotuba itatafsiriwa kwa lugha mia
dialog: moja na ishirnini...
scene_heading: WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - NIGHT 46
text: Jenny shoves her way through the tangle of reporters and
text: cameras, makes her way slowly. Uncertain where to go.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Jenny...?
text: Beth coming through the crowd. Shocked to see Jenny.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Beth stares down at Jenny's White House credentials.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 46
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Stuart sent you without telling
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (trapped)
dialog: No, I a... I was going to talk to
dialog: you about this but...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (she's pissed)
dialog: If Stuart thinks he can push me
dialog: out of the White House after all
dialog: these years --
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN
dialog: Ms. Lerner?
text: Morton Entrekin interrupts, takes Jenny's arm.
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi, Beth...
text: Pulls her to the front of the room. Beth is left behind,
text: stunned. Watching them go. Jenny steals a look back.
speaker_heading: ENTREKIN (CONT'D)
dialog: He'll find you for the first
dialog: question, after that, you're on
dialog: your own.
text: Entrekin rips a "Reserved" sign off a chair dead center.
text: Plops the dazed Jenny into it and is gone. All around
text: her, seasoned reporters stare; Hume, Roberts, Thomas,
text: Lowenstall. But nobody's staring harder than Beth, taking
text: her seat three rows back on the side.
speaker_heading: STOFSKY
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and
dialog: gentlemen...please!
text: It's the Press Secretary, standing at the lectern in front
text: of the White House seal, trying to get their attention.
speaker_heading: STOFSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: The President will begin by
dialog: addressing the nation. Please
dialog: hold your questions until he's
dialog: finished his remarks.
text: The room quiets as cameras swing to find President Beck
text: and his entourage entering.
speaker_heading: STOFSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the President
dialog: of the United States.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: (2) 46
text: Still cameras WHIR, electronic flashes POP. Beck takes
text: the stage, smiles warmly to the assembled.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Hello everybody.
speaker_heading: ASST DIRECTOR
dialog: Ten seconds Mr. President...
text: Beck finds Jenny. Nods. Straightens himself up.
speaker_heading: ASST DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Five...four...
text: Counts down the last three on his fingers.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Good evening. A few minutes ago,
dialog: the United States Ambassadors to
dialog: every country in the world told the
dialog: leaders of those nations what I am
dialog: about to tell you. It's
dialog: complicated and it's going to take
dialog: a little time, so I hope you'll
dialog: bear with me and listen to what I
dialog: have to say. A little over eight
dialog: months ago two American
dialog: astronomers, Marcus Wolf and Leo
dialog: Biederman, working alone ona
dialog: mountaintop in Arizona, saw
text: something in the night sky that
dialog: gave them great concern.
scene_heading: 46A INT. BIEDERMAN HOUSE - NIGHT 46A
text: The Biederman family is watching.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Nobody say anything.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: They saw a comet, and the comet
dialog: was, well, there was a remote
dialog: possibility that the comet was on
dialog: a path that could bring it into
dialog: direct contact with the Earth.
scene_heading: 47 MSNBC NEWSROOM - NIGHT 47
text: The President's on every monitor, but the newsroom EXPLODES.
text: People leap for phones and computers, it's bedlam.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: We need astronomers,
dialog: astrophysicists, geologists,
dialog: climatologists!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: The CAMEP
dialog: 33A-33B.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: IRA MOSKATEL
dialog: Where the hell is Science!?
speaker_heading: MARIANNE
dialog: Paris, London, Tokyo, Tel Aviv...
dialog: everywhere, hell yes!
text: A roams through the chaos.
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: Who was that guy at Berkeley, did
dialog: the Hale-Bopp stand-ups?
speaker_heading: IRA MOSKATEL
dialog: And graphics, I need graphics!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - NIGHT 48
text: The President continues, teleprompter feeding him his words.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Now, we get hit every day by rocks
text: and meteors, some of them are the
dialog: size of cars and some of them the
dialog: size of your hand. But the comet
dialog: we discovered is the size of New
dialog: York City from Central Park to the
dialog: tip of the Island, about seven
dialog: miles long. Put another way, the
dialog: comet is larger than Mount Everest,
dialog: and weighs five hundred billion
dialog: tons.
text: The room stirs, reporters stare at each other. Jenny's
dialog: rapt, she knew the punch line, but not the joke.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: Chances are, this thing will miss
dialog: us, because comets aren't on
dialog: railroad tracks, they're sliding
text: and side-slipping through space.
dialog: But this one is too big for us to
dialog: just cross our fingers and hope it
dialog: scoots on by. So tonight, I want
dialog: to tell you what I can about what
dialog: we're doing to take care of the
dialog: comet before there's even a chance
dialog: it might hit us. And if the grown-
dialog: ups of the world don't mind, right
dialog: now I want to talk to the children
dialog: of the world.
scene_heading: NEIGHBORHOOD CHICAGO BAR - NIGHT 49
text: Everyone watches as the speech continues. The BARTENDER
text: reaches for a bottle of the oldest scotch on the shelf and
text: starts to pour tall drinks without comment. A SMOKER
text: reaches into his pocket and takes out a full pack of
text: cigarettes. He blithely holds it open and EVERYONE at the
text: bar reaches for one.
scene_heading: WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - NIGHT 50
text: The President walks to a large monitor on stage with him.
text: Projected on the TV, we see a NASA film about the comet.
speaker_heading: BECK
text: Comets begin far out in space.
dialog: They're what's left over from the
dialog: creation of the solar system after
dialog: the planets were formed, billions
dialog: of years ago.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 34A.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
text: These chunks of space debris are
text: in an orbit around the sun, very
dialog: much like our own, but every now
text: and then; one of them is bumped, a
dialog: bit like a billiard ball
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 50
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
text: on a pool table, and it gets knocked
text: into a new orbit.
scene_heading: MSNBC NEWSROOM - NIGHT 51
text: People are screaming on the phones. A few are in shock,
text: still watching the set, Bobby's one of them.
speaker_heading: MARIANNE
dialog: We've got stand-ups on line;
dialog: Beijing, Rome, San Paulo, Cairo,
dialog: Berlin...
dialog: (yelling out)
dialog: Anybody know how big the one was
dialog: that wiped out the dinosaurs!
text: A musician sets up a portable keyboard to begin composing,
text: Worth frantically gives him instructions.
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: Something majestic, mysterious,
text: with a fanfare for intros and a
dialog: theme for longer promos
text: The CAMERA finds Stuart and Ira hunched over a computer
text: monitor with a graphic artist working on a comet graphic.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: It's hitting the goddamn earth!
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: That's what he's saying!
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: It'll scare the shit outta
dialog: everybody!
scene_heading: NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT 52
text: The streets are alive with people, people pouring outside,
text: some with binoculars and long lenses on their cameras,
text: everyone looking up, to see the comet.
scene_heading: WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - NIGHT 53
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Now, if the comet passes around
dialog: the sun and were to hold to it's
dialog: present course, then sometime on
dialog: August 16, 2000 there's a chance
dialog: we might have an impact.
text: Jenny's sitting there with her notebook, what's she going
dialog: to say when the time comes?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: So for the past eight months, the
dialog: United States and Russia have been
dialog: building the largest spaceship
dialog: ever constructed; it's being built
dialog: in orbit around the earth. We
dialog: call it the Messiah. I want to
dialog: emphasize that some scientists
dialog: argued that there was no reason to
dialog: spend the time and money to
dialog: intercept something that probably
dialog: won't hit us, but we decided not
dialog: to take that risk. And right now,
text: a team of American astronauts, and
dialog: one Russian, are at Cape Canaveral
dialog: in Florida. In two months they
dialog: will leave on the Shuttle to board
dialog: the Messiah; this is the crew that
dialog: will stop the comet.
scene_heading: THE MONITOR CUTS TO:
scene_heading: 54 CANAVERAL SHUTTLE PREP BUILDING - NIGHT 54
text: Five men and one woman in new flight suits.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I'd like the world to meet some
dialog: extraordinary people. First is
dialog: Mission Commander Oren Monash.
dialog: Commander, would you introduce us
dialog: to your Team?
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: It'd be an honor, sir. Executive
dialog: Officer Andrea Baker, Navigator
dialog: Mark Simon, Medical Officer Gus
dialog: Partenza, from Russia, Nuclear
dialog: Specialist Colonel Mikhail
dialog: Tulchinsky, and Rendezvous Pilot
dialog: Spurgeon Tanner.
text: BAKER has the relaxed confidence of a woman who has never
text: failed at anything. SIMON is black, military. TULCHINSKY,
text: being Russian, shows his life on his face, every woman,
dialog: every smile, every heart-break.
speaker_heading: ASTRONAUTS
dialog: Hello, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Captain Tanner, you flew six Shuttle
dialog: Missions and were the last man to
dialog: walk on the moon, weren't you sir?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 36A.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Yes, sir. But Oren will be doing
text: most of the flying on this one.
dialog: I'll just be taking us down to the
dialog: comet surface.
text: Monash is smiling for the camera, but something's going on
text: behind his eyes. Jealousy? Pride? Frustration?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 54
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: It's good to know we're going to
dialog: have your kind of experience up
dialog: there. Godspeed to you all. We're
dialog: counting on you.
text: The cameras' red lights go dark at the Cape. The astronauts
text: drop their public personas, pull off their mikes.
speaker_heading: MONASH
text: Goddamn dog and pony show.
text: Monash shoots a look to Tanner, starts off.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Are we having a problem, son?
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: ...No problem...
text: But he doesn't look back. Tanner watches him go.
scene_heading: WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - NIGHT 55
text: Beck's back at his podium.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I want to let the children know that
dialog: you're going to hear a lot of people
dialog: worrying about this. Some of your
dialog: Moms and Dads, grandparents, even
dialog: your big brothers and sisters...
dialog: well, they might be scared. So I'm
dialog: telling you to tell them, everything
dialog: is going to be okay. I promise.
scene_heading: UNIVERSAL CITY WALK - DAY 56
text: The big TV screen, the President. People pour out of the
text: Cineplex to watch as the word spreads.
scene_heading: WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - NIGHT 57
text: Beck drops the smile he'd used for the kids, looks directly
text: into CAMERA, suddenly hard, tough.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Now I want to talk to the
dialog: grownups. We know that the threat
text: of an apocalypse is going to give
dialog: some people an excuse for
dialog: lawlessness. As of this evening,
dialog: I've placed the National Guard and
text: the Army on full alert.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 38-38A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: We will not tolerate any disruption
dialog: of our way of life. Our society
dialog: will continue as normal. Work will
dialog: go on. You will pay your bills.
text: As the CAMERA moves in slowly on Beck, Jenny shifts in her
text: seat, preparing for the biggest moment of her life.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: There will be no hoarding. There
dialog: will be no sudden profiteering. I
dialog: am freezing all wages, all prices.
dialog: I have instructed the Secretary of
dialog: the Treasury to close the nation's
dialog: financial markets. All stock
dialog: bond, interest and commodity rates,
dialog: all currency exchange rates and
dialog: precious metal prices will remain
dialog: fixed at today's prices. What a
dialog: bottle of water cost you yesterday,
dialog: it will cost you tomorrow. Anyone
dialog: selling something for more than it
dialog: cost this morning will be arrested.
dialog: Anyone rioting, anyone looting,
dialog: anyone.., well, that person is
text: going to be shot on sight.
dialog: (let's it sink in)
dialog: Now I'll take a few questions.
text: All hands shoot up in the air, questions are shouted. The
text: sound of Nikon MOTORS and SHUTTERS is like jungle noise in
text: a Tarzan movie. Jenny tries to be heard, but she's a
text: novice, buried by the regulars.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: Ms. Lerner?
text: who? The press room regulars look around. Jenny. It's
text: her moment in the sun, she stands.. Man, is she nervous.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Jenny Lerner, MSNBC. Mr. President,
dialog: why wasn't the announcement made
dialog: sooner?
scene_heading: MSNBC NEWSROOM - NIGHT 58
text: Chaos reigns, anchors move into place, ready themselves
text: for when the press conference ends. But Stuart's head has
text: snapped around to stare at the screen, his mouth open.
speaker_heading: MARIANNE
dialog: Jenny Lerner?
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: Son of a bitch...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: 60A
speaker_heading: 60B
speaker_heading: 60C
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 58
text: But Eric and Bobby are grinning in back, loving it.
scene_heading: WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - NIGHT 59
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Until we knew that a rocket could
dialog: be built and the comet intercepted,
dialog: there was no reason to alarm the
dialog: planet.
text: Beth's staring at the back of Jenny's head, if she had an
text: ice pick she'd bury it in her scrawny skull. Everyone
text: raises their hands for the next question, yelling.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: You have another question, Ms.
dialog: Lerner?
text: She didn't really. She fumbles nervously. The press corp's
text: near mutiny, the fix is in and they know it.
speaker_heading: OMIT 60
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: 60A
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S MAGAZINE OFFICE - NIGHT 60B
text: Robin and her STAFF, putting their magazine together,
text: watching Jenny on TV as she asks a question. Some look
text: from Robin to the set and back, as she is comprehending
text: that her daughter has just moved up in the world.
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
dialog: Is there a connection between the
dialog: comet and the recall of American
dialog: troops from abroad?
dialog: Beck's not happy with that question.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: Our fighting men and women are
dialog: coming home because we felt it
dialog: prudent in light of domestic
dialog: security concerns, to have them
dialog: available, although I certainly
dialog: hope we don't need to use them.
dialog: (looks for next question)
text: Joy and Robin share a smile, her mother's daughter.
scene_heading: INT. JASON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 60C
text: Jason and Chloe watch Jenny on TV.
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
dialog: Mr. President! Sir! One final
dialog: question!
text: Now they understand why she was behaving so strangely at
dialog: the bar.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: 61A
dialog: 62
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - NIGHT
text: Beck smiles, points to her again. Now it's not only Beth,
text: the entire Press Corp's sharpening their long knives.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: MSNBC has learned that Secretary
dialog: Rittenhouse did not leave for the
dialog: reasons your administration
dialog: announced. Isn't it true sir,
dialog: that not everyone in your
dialog: administration is convinced that
dialog: the Messiah will save us?
text: Beck gives Jenny a hard look.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Secretary Rittenhouse served this
dialog: country with full devotion, and
dialog: resigned for personal reasons. We
dialog: have more important things before us
dialog: than to consider the petty soap
dialog: opera of Washington. I promise you,
dialog: Ms. Lerner, and all of you, those in
dialog: this room and those hearing my
dialog: voice, that all of us, at some point
dialog: in the next eight months, will
dialog: entertain our worst fears and
dialog: concerns. But I promise you, life
dialog: will go on. We shall prevail.
dialog: There will be no Armageddon!
text: The questions erupt again. Beck nods to Jenny, she smiles,
dialog: sits. This part of their deal concluded.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Exactly when and how was the comet
dialog: discovered?
speaker_heading: BECK
text: Two scientists searching the skies
dialog: found the comet and while racing
dialog: from their observatory to alert
dialog: the world, were killed in a car
dialog: crash. That was thirteen months
dialog: ago. It took another five months
dialog: for their papers to be discovered.
text: The questions erupt again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: 61A
dialog: 62
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 40A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 62
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: Sally?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER REPORTER
dialog: Sir, what's the comet's name?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Since Marcus Wolf and his colleague
dialog: Leo Biederman discovered the comet
dialog: we named it for them: Wolf-
dialog: Biederman.
scene_heading: BIEDERMAN HOUSE - NIGHT 63
text: Leo and his family watch in their suburban living room.
text: His father, DON. Mother, ELLEN. Little sister, JANE.
speaker_heading: DON BIEDERMAN
dialog: Leo Biederman?
text: They watch in shock. Their phone begins to RING.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: He means you doesn't he?
speaker_heading: REPORTER (ON TV)
dialog: How much notice did you give other
dialog: world leaders?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Shhh... I'm trying to listen!
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Our ambassadors were given briefing
dialog: papers this afternoon, and
dialog: instructed to convey them to their
dialog: host countries. The Russians, with
dialog: their expertise in nuclear
dialog: propulsion systems, were told last
dialog: year.
text: Now the DOORBELL joins the phone that's still RINGING.
text: Jane looks at all the grown-ups not answering either,
text: confused. Hops off the couch, heads for the front door.
text: On the TV, President Beck concludes the questioning.
speaker_heading: BECK (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you all.
text: Beck steps back from the podium, heads for the door as
text: reporters continue to SHOUT questions.
text: Six year old Jane stands beside Leo.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: The front door's for you.
text: Leo turns away from the set, walks to the still open front
text: door, still in shock. It's Sarah, breathless. Excited.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I'm not dead.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Dr. Wolf? From astronomy club?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I think maybe so.
text: Leo looks past her to the residential street and a crowd
text: outside. The Hotchners are on the lawn behind Sarah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I think it's neat. Nobody on our
dialog: block ever discovered the world
dialog: was going to end before.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: It's not going to end.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well it's still really neat.
speaker_heading: OMIT 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: 67A
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - NIGHT 65
text: It's clearing out, fast. TV rushing to stand-ups. Print
text: phoning copy desks. Jenny stands, still at her place in
text: the second row of the now almost empty room. Savoring it,
dialog: this moment, everything she's worked for.
text: Turns. Beth's there. Doesn't say anything. Turns, and
text: walks away. Leaving Jenny alone. Jenny wants to feel
text: ashamed, or guilty. But she doesn't. She's where she's
dialog: always wanted to be.
speaker_heading: OMIT 66
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 67
scene_heading: LEO'S SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - DAY 67A
text: Everyone is cheering and clapping for Leo on stage. Mr.
text: Perry's there moderating. Leo's parents. The local press
text: is in full force. Sarah's with her girlfriends.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: It was really just luck, I guess,
dialog: that I found it. Anyone could
dialog: have. As far as we know, what
dialog: happened was that Dr. Wolf saw the
dialog: comet in my photograph so he shared
dialog: the discovery with me. Then he was
dialog: killed in that crash and everything
dialog: got mixed up in Washington so the
dialog: President thought I was dead too.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: How does it make you feel having
dialog: your name on it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 67A CONTINUED: 67A
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Well, I don't want anyone to think
dialog: that I'm trying to take something
dialog: away from Dr. Wolf, because, you
dialog: know... I'm not.
text: One of Sarah's friends nudges her, shows her a Newsweek:
text: Leo on the cover with his telescope.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Are you sorry you found it?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: No. If I hadn't taken that picture
dialog: of the comet, and it hadn't gone to
text: Dr. Wolf at the observatory, who
dialog: knows what would have happened?
text: Sarah leans forward, calls out a question.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Are you scared?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I have a history test tomorrow.
dialog: I'm scared of that.
text: Appreciative laughter and applause from the student audience
text: and the press. Another kid, a smartass showing off.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: You know you're going to have sex
dialog: a lot more now than anyone else in
dialog: our class.
text: That gets a chorus of adolescent HOOTS and APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Really?
text: Perry intercedes good-naturedly.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: Thanks for your sexual insight Mr.
dialog: Thurman, you can sit down now.
text: But all the attention only spurs the kid on.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Famous people always get sex, Mr.
dialog: Perry. That's one of the main
dialog: reasons it's good to be famous.
text: More applause, Perry smiles, Harold takes a bow to his
text: adoring peers. Leo sneaks a look out to Sarah. She's
text: smiling back. All this talk about sex. Her friends
text: notice, grin. Sarah notices them noticing.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: 68A
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: OMIT 68
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY BAR - NIGHT 68A
text: Simon, Tulchinsky, Monash, Baker, and Partenza are sitting
text: at a table in a crowded military bar. The juke box is
text: playing. The Astronauts are deep in a somewhat drunken
text: huddle. Monash is upset.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Frank Gifford was a great football
dialog: player, but I'd bust his ass if he
dialog: played against me now.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: I wish I'd been to the moon, I
dialog: respect everyone who went there,
dialog: but this isn't the moon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: All of his training was for a stable
dialog: surface, the moon didn't have two
text: pound dust particles ejecting at
text: three hundred feet a second.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: This isn't about ego.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Of course it is, it's all about
dialog: ego... but sometimes the ego is
dialog: right. '
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: And dust particles...
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: (drunker than the others)
dialog: The moon, the moon, the moon wasn't
text: spinning when he landed on it, the
dialog: moon didn't have a fourteen hour
dialog: rotay... Rotational period, seven
dialog: hours of sun, seven hours of
dialog: darkness, it was light all the time
dialog: when he landed on the moon. He
dialog: could see. We're not going to be
dialog: able to see.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You can't see now anyway.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Don't worry...
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: We can do it.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: What?
dialog: 44A.
speaker_heading: 68A CONTINUED: 68A
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: We can do it.
text: And then we hear a familiar Voice.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I woke up this morning and I
dialog: realized that none of you want me
dialog: here. You don't even really know
dialog: who I am. I walked on the moon,
dialog: but I didn't belong to you. I
dialog: belonged to your Daddies. Now, if
dialog: I ask you to ask your Daddies what
dialog: I meant to them, to explain to you
dialog: what I'm doing here, that's only
dialog: going to make things worse. So
dialog: what do we do?
dialog: 44B-46.
speaker_heading: 68A CONTINUED: (2) 68A
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: You haven't trained for this
dialog: mission. We respect you...
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I appreciate that...
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: But you're here...you're here
dialog: because the powers that be think
dialog: we need someone familiar on the
dialog: trip. You're here for public
dialog: relations.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I'm here because the powers that be
dialog: know that I am the only one on this
dialog: mission who has ever landed on the
dialog: moon and I have five hundred
dialog: landings on aircraft carriers...
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: We've trained...
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: On flight simulators. And this is
dialog: not a video game, son.
scene_heading: LEO'S HOUSE - NIGHT 69
text: Leo's little sister JANE changes the channel on the TV. On
text: every station there's a comet graphic, some in the manner of
text: Chuck Jones, others are Soviet Realism, Moebius, computer
dialog: enhanced photos of the real thing. This is all that anyone
text: is watching or talking about. She lands on a documentary.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Fifty thousand years ago, a 300,000
dialog: ton meteor landed here in Arizona.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I want Xena! Where's Xena?
text: The phone's RINGING. Ellen answers it.
dialog: 69
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 69
speaker_heading: ELLEN NARRATOR
dialog: Jane, please, it's not The Tunguska River, Siberia,
dialog: on anymore, in 1908, trees fell for 30
dialog: (into phone) miles... A railroad engineer
dialog: No... I don't think 300 miles away had to stop
dialog: so, he really can't. his train because the tracks
dialog: were shaking, and were hot
dialog: DON BIEDERMAN to the touch. All of this
dialog: Who is it? caused by a meteor only
text: two hundred feet wide.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Primetime Live again.
text: Jane changes channels to find POLITICALLY INCORRECT.
speaker_heading: BILL MAHER (ON TV)
dialog: Is the sky really falling? Do we
dialog: really think the world is coming
dialog: to an end? And how can we trust
dialog: Russian nuclear rockets when the
dialog: Russians can't figure out how to
dialog: get phones to work in Moscow?
speaker_heading: GOLDTHWAITE
dialog: I love the comet! I want to die!
dialog: I want everyone to die! You know
dialog: how you hate it when you leave the
dialog: room and you know everyone is going
dialog: to talk about you? That's one
dialog: problem that the comet's going to
dialog: take care of!
speaker_heading: BILL MAHER
dialog: I think they only say lovely things
dialog: about me.
text: GOLDTHWAITE.
dialog: Leave the room.
text: Changes channels again. LETTERMAN.
speaker_heading: DAVID LETTERMAN
dialog: A drum roll. So here it is,
dialog: tonight's top ten list: the ten
dialog: things you'll miss least when the
text: world ends. Ten, Broccoli. Nine,
dialog: Iraq. Eight, commercials for Grey
dialog: Poupon...
dialog: And again:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE ROSE (ON TV)
dialog: The Messiah Mission, too little too
dialog: late? Not all scientists agree
dialog: with NASA's plan for destroying the
dialog: comet.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED}
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 47A.
dialog: (2) 69
speaker_heading: CHARLIE ROSE (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: Joining us tonight are Morton
dialog: Entrekin, from FEMA, and from The
dialog: University of Arizona's
dialog: Interplanetary Sciences Department
dialog: Dr.s Gene and Carolyn Shoemaker --
scene_heading: SARAH'S HOUSE - NIGHT 70
dialog: Sarah and
text: her folks watch, Vicky now pregnant.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE ROSE (ON TV)
dialog: Mr. Entrekin, the Shoemaker's have
dialog: been critical of the science
dialog: suggesting that this mission is
dialog: feasible or necessary.
text: During this Sarah gets up and walks to the front door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED}
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
scene_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER ENTREKIN (ON TV)
dialog: Where are you going? Every scientific endeavor
dialog: has risks Gene.
speaker_heading: SARAH
speaker_heading: Out front. GENE (ON TV)
dialog: The margin of error on the
text: CHUCK HOTCHNER comet's trajectory suggests
dialog: It's midnight. that it could easily miss
dialog: us by a tenth of an
dialog: SARAH astronomical unit, that's
dialog: I don't think there's ten million miles.
dialog: anyone in the world
text: who isn't watching ENTREKIN (ON TV)
dialog: television. I want to Are you suggesting we just
dialog: be the only one who's wait and pray?
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (ON TV)
text: The comet is traveling at a hundred
dialog: thousand miles an hour. The Messiah
dialog: has to catch up, hold onto it, set
dialog: the bombs, and get off. We've never
dialog: attempted anything remotely this
text: complex in space.
scene_heading: LEO AND SARAH'S STREET - NIGHT 71
text: Sarah comes out of her house. The street is deserted, TVs
text: dance in every living room window. A SOUND. Wheels on
text: pavement. Leo rollerblades across the street under the
dialog: streetlight.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hi...
text: Leo stops, smiles. Watches her approach.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: You're not watching TV?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They just keep saying the same
dialog: things.
text: She stares above her at the stars.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
text: It looks so peaceful.
text: A beat as he joins her staring at the night sky.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: The only reason I joined astronomy
dialog: club was because of you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: You liked the stars and I figured
dialog: if you liked them they must be
dialog: worth looking at.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's so nice.
text: This is too close for them, too emotional.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: We got invited to the White House.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Of course. You're an important
dialog: person now.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: We're going to see the launch with
dialog: the President. My whole family.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's so neat.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Yeah.
text: She smiles, he can be very disarming.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You've changed.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: No, I haven't.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Your braces.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (he grins, no braces)
dialog: I got them off today.
text: They don't know what to say. Look up again to the stars.
speaker_heading: 72 OMIT 72
scene_heading: WOLF-BIEDERMAN INTERCEPTION 9 MONTHS 7 DAYS, 4 HOURS 12
scene_heading: MINUTES. IMPACT 13 MONTHS 7 DAYS, 10 HOURS, 46 MINUTES.
scene_heading: 72A EXT. HEFTER'S RANCH HOUSE - DAY (OLD SCENE 74) 72A
text: A pleasant house near Houston. The backyard is filled
text: with about FORTY PEOPLE, THE ASTRONAUTS, THEIR FAMILY,
text: including their PARENTS and their CHILDREN.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49A.
scene_heading: 72A CONTINOED: 72A
text: Running around are TEN OR TWELVE CHILDREN.
text: The CAMERA tracks through the cluster of people, and we
text: hear packets of conversation. The mood, fueled by beer and
text: chips, is happy. Music plays in the backyard speakers.
text: MIKHAIL TULCHINSKY is with TWO VERY PRETTY WOMEN.
speaker_heading: PRETTY WOMAN
dialog: A nuclear reactor in space? Isn't
dialog: that dangerous?
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: No, no, no. This is all Russian
dialog: design, Russian science, the same
dialog: people who designed Chernobyl.
text: He waits for the response he wanted, horror.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, Chernobyl almost worked.
text: And the camera goes to: SIMON and his fiancee, WENDY.
text: She's showing off her diamond ring to another GROUP OF
text: WIVES AND FRIENDS.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Wendy, I'm going to marry you, but
dialog: the day we get back I can't just
dialog: go to the church.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: The church will come to you, Simon.
dialog: You're all invited.
text: The camera finds GUS PARTENZA, with ANDREA BAKER, and her
text: husband, DAVID, and their toddlers, BRITTANY and ALICIA.
text: David holds the squirming Brittany.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What happens when you set off the
dialog: bombs?
text: Baker tries to answer, but Brittany squirms away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 72A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Partenza a
dialog: 49B.
speaker_heading: (2) 72A
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Well, as, long as we plant the
dialog: bombs... We have seven hours...
dialog: Brittany! Brittany, come back
dialog: here... As long as we plant the
dialog: bombs and... Brittany...
dialog: nswers for her.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: We have seven hours to plant the
text: bombs and get off the surface
text: before the sun heats it up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 72A
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3) 72A
text: We leave them and find Monash and his wife MARIETTE. He
text: is seated, she is standing and he is talking to the Baby
text: in her very large belly. As he narrates, he follows the
text: curvature of her belly to her breasts.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Oren Junior! Here are your orders:
dialog: upon your first entering into
dialog: earth's atmosphere, proceed directly
text: along the exterior of the mothership
dialog: to the twin storage tanks for
text: refueling.
speaker_heading: MARIETTE
dialog: He's not a rocket-ship... he's a
dialog: Baby, Oren, your Baby, our Baby.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: I know.
text: They kiss. Brittany, free again, runs past us leading the
text: camera to Tanner, talking to his two grown sons, DWIGHT and
text: STEVE. They're both in uniform.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: When my father went to war in 1942,
dialog: he didn't see me or your grandmother
dialog: for three years. I was eight when
dialog: he left. You boys were what, four
dialog: and six when I went to the moon?
dialog: (they nod)
dialog: You saw me go into space seven
dialog: times, didn't you?
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Yessir...
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: And I came back every time, didn't
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 72A CONTINUED: (4) 72A
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT' D)
dialog: (they nod)
dialog: Your mother and I used to play a
dialog: game when she was still alive. The
dialog: game was, if there was a chance I
dialog: might not be coming back, she
dialog: wouldn't say it, and I wouldn't say
dialog: it. But this time, I want to say
dialog: it to you.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT' D)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: This time I probably won't be coming
dialog: back. You know that?
speaker_heading: SONS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: ...Yessir...
text: The three men stare at each other. Don't see Mitch Hefter
text: come up behind them.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: Another beer?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Thanks. You remember my boys don't
dialog: you, Mitch?
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: (handshakes all around)
dialog: Sure I do...
text: A LITTLE GIRL SNAPS their picture.- Tanner smiles, wraps
text: an arm around his two boys.
speaker_heading: HEFTER (CONT'D)
dialog: What'd you think of the crew?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Heroes all. The finest group I've
dialog: ever had the privilege of serving
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
text: Off the record.
text: Tanner looks to his sons, then:
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: They've been trained in ways I'll
dialog: never understand.: They're smarter
dialog: and in better shape than we ever
dialog: were in the old days. They're
dialog: sober, they're serious.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 52-52B.
speaker_heading: 72A CONTINUED: (5) 72A
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: (looks to his sons)
dialog: I guess I'd be a little happier
dialog: about this whole thing if I thought
dialog: that any of them were as scared as
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: They're not afraid of dying, they're
text: afraid of screwing up on TV.
text: Two CATERERS wheel out an immense cake in the shape of the
text: earth. People APPLAUD, the children are dazzled.
speaker_heading: HEFTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Fish, would you do the honor?
dialog: We see that Monash is uncomfortable with Tanner getting
text: the spotlight. Mariette settles him. Tanner raises the
text: knife to the cake. A few people with cameras are ready to
text: snap the picture. He hesitates. Hefter motions with his
text: hand: Cut the cake. Tanner raises the knife. He can't.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Is this supposed to be a joke?
dialog: Cutting up the earth, is that
dialog: supposed to give us good luck?
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: Fish, do it for the kids.
dialog: We see how desperately the children want the cake. They've
text: surrounded Tanner. Everyone is watching him. He takes the
text: knife and uses it like a trowel, smearing the icing until
text: everything is a swirl. He looks to the children.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You know what this is?
text: A Kid shakes his head, no, very soberly.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: It's the comet. And what do we do
dialog: to comets?
text: He plunges a hand into the comet, and the children do the
text: same, laughing. Hefter gives him a look, and the Astronauts
text: are unhappy with his sudden mania. Tanner sees the earth
text: destroyed, the coast lines wrecked.
speaker_heading: OMIT 73
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: 81A
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: WOLF-BIEDERMAN...INTERCEPTION 8 MONTHS 9 DAYS, 6 HOURS, 1
scene_heading: MINUTE. IMPACT 12 MONTHS, 9 DAYS, 12 HOURS, 35 MINUTES.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The President, Entrekin, aides, Leo, and the Biedermans,
text: watch the Shuttle launch on TV. Jenny's on a stand-up in
text: front of a large NASA wall mural.
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
text: We're now only minutes away from
dialog: the launch of the Shuttle Atlantis
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: 81A
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: 81A CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: and the beginning of the historic
dialog: Messiah Mission...
speaker_heading: HEFTER (VO)
dialog: Okay, all flight controllers, we're
dialog: at T minus 3 minutes and
text: counting... give it a close look.
speaker_heading: CAPCOM COLWELL
text: APU's look good, LOX and LH2 are
dialog: pressurized.
text: A shot of the Atlantis on its pad. The President makes
text: his way to a glass jar of M&Ms and grabs a handful.
speaker_heading: TIM (VO)
dialog: Who's voice are we hearing now,
dialog: Jenny?
speaker_heading: JENNY (VO)
dialog: Tim, that's Flight Director Mitch
dialog: Hefter, former Gemini and Apollo
dialog: astronaut...
text: Leo tries to concentrate on the TV but can't help staring
text: at his surroundings, the Presidential Seal, the desk.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Who's your book agent, Leo?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: You're writing a book about this
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (not sure where the leader
dialog: of the Free World and the
dialog: Commander in Chief is
dialog: going)
dialog: I have a book report due on Tuesday.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: So you're not going to write a book?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: What kind of American are you?
dialog: You're famous and you don't want to
dialog: get rich from it? You'll kill the
dialog: economy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 54A
speaker_heading: 81A CONTINUED: (2) 81A
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I'm issuing an executive order,
dialog: Leo; when the President makes a bad
dialog: joke, would you laugh?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: (referring to M&M's)
dialog: Green?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Blue.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Everything's is going to be okay,
dialog: you know that, don't you?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (the countdown is past ten)
dialog: Here we go.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT FLIGHT DIRECTOR
dialog: Flight, we're go for autosequence.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: Good luck and Godspeed, Atlantis.
speaker_heading: CAPE (V.0.)
dialog: . Three... Two... One... Liftoff!
text: The Shuttle lifts off the pad in a burst of painfully hot
text: light. The big ship ROARS above, tearing into the night
text: sky. Everyone in the room watches, and then applauds.
text: The President puts his hands on Leo's shoulders.
speaker_heading: 54B-55A
speaker_heading: 82 OMIT 82
speaker_heading: AND AND
speaker_heading: 82A 82A
scene_heading: WOLF-BIEDERMAN INTERCEPTION: 8 MONTHS, 8 DAYS, 6 HOURS, 1
scene_heading: MINUTE. IMPACT: 12 MONTHS, 8 DAYS, 12 HOURS, 35 MINUTES.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 55B.
scene_heading: 82B INT. ROBIN'S MAGAZINE OFFICE - NIGHT 82B
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Well, and what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I've been busy, and I haven't been
dialog: paying attention to you.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I've been busy, too. This is the
dialog: last issue of the magazine...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (lightly mocking Jenny's
dialog: shock)
dialog: Yes! The advertisers are calling,
dialog: up and canceling. Why would anyone
dialog: support a magazine devoted to old,
dialog: expensive, beautiful things when all
text: the attractive young women are on
dialog: television spreading panic?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's not fair! The news is good,
dialog: the mission is going to succeed.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I stopped watching the news. Does
dialog: anything I do have any effect on
dialog: anything that happens in space?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I mean... but... the whole world
text: is watching.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: The whole world minus one. For
dialog: years I've always been a little
dialog: ashamed of what I do, worrying all
dialog: day about whether this piece of
dialog: furniture is real or a fake, or
dialog: whether that painting is better
dialog: than this painting. No, now that
dialog: no one has the time to buy
dialog: antiques, old, beautiful things, it
dialog: Means that I actually have a sacred
dialog: purpose. It's like the Russians
dialog: who saved the old palaces when the
dialog: Germans were coming; they didn't
dialog: have time to cart everything away,
dialog: so they chopped out a bit of the
text: floor and cut away a few feet of
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 82B CONTINUED:
dialog: 55C.
speaker_heading: 82B
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: curtain, and when the war was over
dialog: they built everything back from
dialog: the pieces. I'm saving the pieces
dialog: now, keeping a record. If the
dialog: comet does hit, and they want to
dialog: know what the world looked like,
dialog: they'll be looking at the work I'm
dialog: doing today.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Mother, listen to me! The comet is
dialog: going to be turned away and everyone
dialog: is going to be so relieved that
dialog: they'll spend money like the world
text: really is coming to an end.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: That's pretty to think so.
dialog: 83
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SHUTTLE 83
speaker_heading: HEFTER (ON COM)
dialog: You're right on the numbers,
dialog: Atlantis.
text: On the monitors, a huge docking device fills the view.
text: But Tanner's not watching, he's staring out the side at
text: something they're passing but we can't see. Whistles
dialog: softly.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: ...Jesus, that's big...
text: Partenza and Tulchinsky follow his gaze.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Whoa...no shit...
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Contact in three meters
dialog: ...two...one...
dialog: (a little nudge)
dialog: We're here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED:
dialog: 57-58A.
speaker_heading: HEFTER (ON COM)
dialog: Well done, Atlantis...
text: Monash turns around, grins.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Wow.
text: Tanner still staring out the porthole.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: ...Sweet mother of God.
scene_heading: 84 OUTSIDE THE ATLANTIS
text: WE PULL AWAY from Tanner in the window, out past the
text: Shuttle, past the spindly, solar
dialog: to find --
speaker_heading: 85 THE MESSIAH
dialog: panel arms of the Station
text: Docked and tethered to the Space Station. It's massive, a
text: 747 next to the Shuttle's Cessna.
dialog: putting the finishing touches on
speaker_heading: 85A OMIT
speaker_heading: 85B OMIT
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 85D
text: Workers float in space,
dialog: its assembly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: 85A
speaker_heading: 85B
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 85D
dialog: 86
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. MESSIAH 86
text: Tulchinsky is in the cargo hold, checking the loaded nukes
text: in zero gravity.: Monash is on the intercom.
speaker_heading: MONASH (ON COM)
dialog: How we doing, Mikhail?
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
text: Nukes prepped and stowed.
speaker_heading: MONASH (ON COM)
dialog: Let's get moving.
text: Tulchinsky grabs a handhold, pulls himself along the cargo
text: compartment, through the hatch into the living quarters.
text: Past the toilet, shower, galley. Pulls himself into the
dialog: aft compartment.
text: It's tight but functional, conduit, switching panels,
text: bundles containing thousands of wires. Monash is up front
text: with Baker and Simon. Tanner buckling up in back,
text: Tulchinsky sets himself down with Partenza in front of a
text: complex set of monitors and oscillators that bank up to
dialog: the ceiling.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Nervous?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Just not used to the back seat.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: It's not so bad. View stinks.
text: Monash turns in his seat, looks back at Tulchinsky.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Colonel, let's see what this baby
dialog: can do.
text: Tulchinsky grins. Punches commands into his keyboard.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Hope you're right about this thing
dialog: working, Mikhail.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Just between you and me...
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Oh, shit...
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Orion burn in ten...nine...eight...
text: The rapidly moving pattern on the oscillator gets closer
text: and closer to a straight line.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Hold onto your hats, boys and girls.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: It's not my hat I'm worried about.
scene_heading: 87 THE MESSIAH IN SPACE 87
text: The nuclear reaction EXPLODES against the backplate,
text: lighting up the darkness with a tremendous, BLINDING pulse.
text: The Messiah takes off like a bat out of hell, CATAPULTED
text: out into space. Disappears among the stars.
scene_heading: 88 VIRGINIA PARK - NIGHT 88
text: Snow on the ground. Leo and Sarah look through his
text: telescope. IN HIS EYEPIECE, the Orion pulses.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: There it is!
text: He steps back so she can look. She looks.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's beautiful Leo...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 88 CONTINUED: (2) 88
text: Now she takes his hand. Still looking.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: What if it doesn't work? What if
dialog: the world ends?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: The world is not going to end.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (delights in tormenting
dialog: her)
dialog: It could, it could, let's just say
dialog: the comet hits... how do you not
dialog: want to die? —
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You are morbid.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Think about it, maybe the comet is
dialog: a great way to die. No time to
dialog: think, squished like a bug. I'd
dialog: rather die like that than by
dialog: drowning.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Leo!
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: And even if it doesn't hit us on the
dialog: head, even if it lands somewhere
dialog: else, the heat from the comet as it
text: passes through the atmosphere burns
dialog: up all the forests in the world.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I don't want to talk about this,
dialog: Leo. It makes me sad. It makes me
dialog: think about all the things I'll
dialog: never get a chance to do...
dialog: Shakespeare in London and ... hiking
dialog: in Colorado and... even...
dialog: Disneyworld, just a nice time with
dialog: my Mom and Dad and... and love.
dialog: I'll never get any of that now. So
dialog: just shut up.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's not your fault.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: 88A
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: AND
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 61A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: We're too young. It's all wrong
dialog: now, because I don't have time for
dialog: you to figure things out, I don't
dialog: have three years for you to wake
dialog: up and know what you feel about
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's just it, you have to ask.
dialog: Because you're still just a little
dialog: kid, part of you. And if the world
dialog: is coming to an end, we don't have
dialog: time for that.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: You love me and I love you
text: And she runs away from him.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: WOLF-BIEDERMAN INTERCEPTION: 2 DAYS, 14 HOURS 22 MINUTES.
scene_heading: IMPACT: 4 MONTHS, 2 DAYS, 4 HOURS, 22 MINUTES
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: CARGO BAY
text: Tulchinsky, Baker and Partenza load aluminum encased bombs
text: into the MOLES, already mounted on the SLED. Metal, wires,
text: radioactive warnings. It's demanding work with no gravity.
speaker_heading: MONASH (ON COM)
dialog: How's it coming?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: 88A
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: AND
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 101
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: Inserting the last nuke now.
text: When it CLICKS in place, the digital readout BLINKS ALIVE.
scene_heading: MSNBC CONFERENCE ROOM 102
text: Stuart leads the staff meeting. Ira, Worth, Marianne
text: Beth, Tim, Jenny. Jenny sits at the grown-up table, quiet,
text: lost in her own thoughts.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Beth, White House reactions.
dialog: Marianne, all the world watching.
dialog: We have enough satellite space?
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: Seventy-eight up-links.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Tim, Mission Control in Houston.
text: (Tim looks up, surprised)
dialog: Ira, the science guys lined up?
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: If they've got a PhD, we own them.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: This is the most important story
dialog: of our lives. Let's not fuck it
dialog: up.
text: The end of the meeting, people start out. Jenny looks up.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: ...Stuart? What about me?
dialog: People stop, is she finally going to get her comeuppance?
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: You're on the anchor desk and
dialog: don't you ever hold back a story
dialog: for two days.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm sorry but, the President...
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: The hell with the President. He has
dialog: no right making deals with a reporter
dialog: who has no authority to accept his
dialog: terms. I probably would have held
dialog: the story, but that would have been
dialog: my decision and not yours. And I
dialog: would have protected you. It was
dialog: your scoop. You own the story.
dialog: Don't do that again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 62A
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: 102
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Thank you, Stuart.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Yeah. Okay.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 103 THE MESSIAH 103
text: Monash lines the Messiah up with the tail of the comet,
text: following a computer path in the cockpit.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Auto trajectory, two thousand feet,
dialog: R-dot .3, 5 X, 2 Y...
text: Monash guides it expertly, a high tech video game.
speaker_heading: BAKER (CONT'D)
dialog: A thousand feet, point 3, 3 X, one-
dialog: point-five Y...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Go for auto trajectory.
text: Monash reaches up, locks it on with a BEEP.
speaker_heading: BAKER (CONT'D)
dialog: We're on... Disengage the Orion.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Orion disengaged. You're on
dialog: chemical propellant.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Look, Fish, I can do this if you
dialog: want.
text: Monash slides out of his seat, let's Tanner slide past.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I'll keep that in mind.
text: Monash goes. Tanner pulls out a decades old shot of a
text: mother and seven year old son, sticks it on the console.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: On the Mississippi River, in Mark
dialog: Twain's time, there were riverboat
dialog: pilots who only knew a few miles
dialog: of the river. Conditions changed
dialog: so much, you couldn't know the
dialog: whole trip. Floods, sandbars,
dialog: fallen logs, it was alla
dialog: riverboat pilot could do to know
text: his little piece of the puzzle.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What the hell is he talking about?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: AND
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: 105A
speaker_heading: 105B
dialog: 63A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 103
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Summer job he had last century.
text: Tanner finishes strapping himself in.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: For the next few hours, this is my
dialog: ship.
dialog: (flips toggles)
text: Starting the approach.
speaker_heading: OMIT 104
speaker_heading: AND
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: THE CARGO BAY 105A
text: The now fully suited astronauts check their gear in buddy
text: groups. Tulchinsky with Partenza. Simon with Monash.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
text: Helmet lights.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Your sublimator looks good, Mick.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
text: Visors down.
text: They test the gold face shields on their helmets. Lights
text: mounted on the side of the helmets CLICK on.
speaker_heading: TANNER (ON COM)
dialog: Disengaging auto...now. I'm
text: eyeballs out from here on in.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: How come that doesn't make me feel
dialog: better?
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: Cameras on.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT 105B
text: Baker checks the helmet cams. Each monitor marked with a
text: name. WE SEE the cargo bay from the HELMET POVs.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Okay, we're going live. Mikhail,
dialog: wave for the folks back home.
text: Mikhail waves as he floats around.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Andy, I need you on the laser. She looks up, Christ.
text: Ahead, a floating three dimensional mine field of every
text: imaginable size of rock. Tanner nudges one, THUD. It's
text: like playing dodge ball with really big, slow rocks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63B-64.
speaker_heading: 105B CONTINUED: 105B
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: My God, look at the size of that
dialog: thing. It's as big as a house.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: 106 INT. MSNBC - NIGHT 106
text: Jenny is walking across the studio with an ASSISTANT.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Your father is on the phone.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Tell him I'm not here.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (ON STUDIO COM)
dialog: Jenny, forty-five seconds...
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: That's great. You're on live,
dialog: Jenny.
text: Jenny gets into her chair.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (ON STUDIO COM)
dialog: In ten, nine, eight...
text: The Assistant goes to a phone.
scene_heading: 107 JASON'S APARTMENT NIGHT 107
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Thank you.
text: Jason is looking at the TV, as the final logo sequence and
text: music of the intro to a MSNBC SPECIAL REPORT... Then:
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
dialog: Tonight we have the first pictures
text: from the Messiah as it begins its
dialog: descent to the comet Wolf-
dialog: Biederman...
speaker_heading: 108 MSNBC STUDIO 108
text: The fuzzy helmet cam shots of the astronauts waiting in
text: the sled are intercut with the Messiah's approach shots of
text: the comet. Bobby approaches Eric in the wings, whispers.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: How's she doing?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Okay so far...
scene_heading: 109 BIEDERMAN LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 109
text: The Hotchners and Biedermans watch MSNBC together. Vicky
text: Hotchner now very pregnant. Leo and Sarah hold hands.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MESSIAH COCKPIT 110
text: Tanner's looking for a place to land. There's lightning,
text: floating debris. They BANG around, the emergency lights
text: FLICKER on, then off. The sun's just setting on the surface
text: below, the outgassing only beginning to settle down.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Use primary thrusters.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Jesus Christ...
text: She's scared, they're taking quite a beating from the jets.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: How are we doing back there?
text: On the helmet cams we see the boys bouncing around in back,
text: it doesn't look fun strapped to a sled. Like riding a
dialog: bull.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA (ON COM)
dialog: Peachy...
scene_heading: COMET SURFACE - DUSK 111
text: The Messiah approaches a small flat zone wedged between a
text: crater and a cliff. The long shadows of the sunset stretch
text: across the rugged landscape below.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT 112
text: Rocks bounce off the windshield and hull.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Hold on tight. Descent rate.
text: The Messiah descends over the comet, outgassing jets send
text: up streams of fine carbon, obscuring the landing site.
text: The BANGING and CHOP is getting worse.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Three feet per second... two...
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Fire tether pitons.
speaker_heading: COMET SURFACE 113
text: Umbrella shaped pitons shoot out from the underside of the
text: ship, blast down into the surface. The cables pull TAUT
text: as winches draws them down to the comet's surface and onto
text: the spindly landing gear. A high speed surface jet FIRES,
text: shoving the bow port (front left) section of the ship up
text: and YANKING the piton up out of the ground, with a SNAP.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 114 IN THE COCKPIT 114
text: The Messiah BUCKS up from the force, tilts precariously
text: back. The horizon disappears below.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Whoa...
text: Tanner's trying to hold it. Baker checks frantically.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Tether two, not engaged!
scene_heading: 115 OUTSIDE THE MESSIAH 115
text: It noses up, a horse rearing back with three legs tied to
text: the ground. The stern CRUNCHES LOUDLY into the surface.
scene_heading: 116 IN THE COCKPIT 116
text: The astronauts cling to the sled on the helmet cams.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA (ON COM)
dialog: What the fuck was that?
text: Tanner tries to hold the nose up as it dips to the right.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Override on the forward jets.
text: Baker is flipping overhead switches.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: You got 'em...we crunched the aft
dialog: pod.
scene_heading: 117 OUTSIDE THE MESSIAH 117
text: It edges down to the left front where the tether came loose.
text: It's a meter from the surface, going to slam hard. A jet
text: fires from the undercarriage. The ship slows but still
speaker_heading: HITS.
scene_heading: 118 IN THE COCKPIT 118
text: The bronc riders get tossed around some more on the helmet
text: cams as they rock back to the stern again, a tethered
text: teetertotter.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Cross-feed aft. I need all the
dialog: jets.
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: Cross-feed aft...pressure's holding.
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 67A.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE MESSIAH 119
text: They fire the starboard aft jet. The ship disappears in the
text: ejecta of the comet, steam and carbon dust. Slowly levels
text: out, the three remaining tethers finally going. TAUT.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT 120
text: Baker watches the artificial horizon on the instrument
dialog: array.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 120.
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: AND
dialog: 127
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: She's leveling out...
scene_heading: IN THE CARGO BAY 121
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
text: Pretty much like the simulator
dialog: back at Johnson, huh boys?
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Son of a bitch doesn't know what
dialog: he's doing.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT 122
text: Tanner still has the stick in a death lock. Baker looks
text: shell shocked. Holy shit... A beat.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Houston, this is Messiah, we've
dialog: landed.
scene_heading: UNIVERSAL CITY WALK - NIGHT 123
text: A CHEERING CROWD watches the huge pixel vision screen. A
text: fuzzy, space transmitted image of Tanner and Baker.
speaker_heading: TANNER (ON TV)
dialog: ...we've landed...
scene_heading: THE BIEDERMAN'S HOUSE - NIGHT 124
text: The families cheer, applaud. Sarah hugs Leo.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Oh, thank god...
speaker_heading: COCKPIT 125
text: Tanner and Baker work. Locking in computer coordinates.
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: Depressurizing bay.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Opening payload doors. Don't let
dialog: that little bit of gravity down
dialog: there go to your heads.
speaker_heading: OMIT 126
speaker_heading: AND
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: UNDER THE MESSIAH - NIGHT
text: The huge doors open and the Astronauts float down. We see
text: what is ahead: The dead terrain of the comet.
text: The sled floats a few feet above the shale strewn surface.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Tanner reaches up above him, HITS a button.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Start the clock.
text: A red LED SNAPS on, above it an embossed tag "Sunrise".
text: It's counting down, 6:47:14...:13...:12...
scene_heading: ON THE SURFACE - NIGHT
text: A small blast from the chemical propellant and they fly by
text: with the sled, skimming over the surface.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Looks like all you did was dent a
dialog: fender, Fish. Dad's gonna be mad
dialog: when we get home.
text: The comet is mostly very old terrain, worn smooth by eons
text: of travel, hilly in places, craters. All sizes of rocks
text: float past them, have to be batted away. The weather is
text: made even stranger by the frequent gas lightning above.
text: Graphic heads up displays are projected onto the inside
text: glass of their helmets, indicating the composition of the
text: substrata layers beneath them.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: A cross-sectional computer image of the comet emerges.
text: Tanner and Baker watch as computer images are joined by
text: overlays of geological schematics detailing fault lines
dialog: and possibilities for nuclear warhead placement. The
text: clock counts 5:21:39...
text: The computer stops, zeros in. Circles coordinates.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: We've got your first location.
dialog: Range two meters above point Alpha
text: 16, bearing 224.
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: 133 BIEDERMAN LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 133
text: Jane is sleeping in her mother's lap. All watch Jenny on
text: MSNBC, doing VO commentary for the footage from the comet.
speaker_heading: JENNY (VO ON SET)
dialog: What we're looking at now is...God,
dialog: isn't that an amazing picture?
dialog: They're setting the MOLEs in place
dialog: now, and the MOLEs are, well,
dialog: they're what they sound like. The
text: MOLEs are drilling machines that
text: burrow to a depth of one hundred
text: meters, and then they wait to be
dialog: detonated. Of course the MOLEs in
dialog: your backyard don't carry 5,000
dialog: kiloton warheads. Although it
dialog: feels like they do sometimes,
dialog: doesn't it?
scene_heading: 134 ON THE COMET SURFACE - NIGHT 134
text: The MOLE comes to life, the auger head digs slowly into
text: the surface. Monash reels out control line.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Ooh, look at that baby dig.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Fish, tell the guys at JSC their
text: mole works like a charm.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Like butter baby.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Go get ‘em, boy.
speaker_heading: 135 MESSIAH COCKPIT 135
text: Baker and Tanner work at the computer, get the mapping
text: coordinates for the final 2 MOLES. Look unhappy.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Dammit...
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Christ, that's over four miles
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 70A.
speaker_heading: 135 CONTINUED: 135
text: Tanner goes to the helmet cam monitors.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: The computer's calculated the last
dialog: two MOLE, locations, guys. Range
text: 4 miles. Target One: bearing 166.
dialog: Target Two: bearing 168.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 135 CONTINUED: (2) 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
text: On Simon's helmet cam we see Monash look up.
speaker_heading: MONASH (ON MONITORS)
dialog: How long's that going to take?
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: At least an hour.
dialog: There's a beat. Everybody knows what that means.
speaker_heading: MONASH (ON MONITORS)
dialog: An hour?
speaker_heading: (dry WASP)
dialog: An hour? Darling, that gives me
dialog: no time at all to go home, get
text: dressed and be at the theater on
dialog: time for the curtain. What were
dialog: we thinking when we made these
dialog: reservations?
text: Tanner and Baker look at the clock. 1:49:47...:46...
scene_heading: A SMALL MONITOR ROOM AT JSC 136
text: Monitors, a few sofas, very governmental. The families of
text: the astronauts watch MSNBC, hold each other’s hands. MSNBC
text: has added a sunrise clock on screen, not very comforting.
text: Jenny's on camera, interviewing Dr. Van Sertma.
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
dialog: What happens if they don't get off
dialog: of the surface in time?
speaker_heading: VAN SERTMA (ON TV)
dialog: The sun striking the comet will
dialog: cause the temperature to rise three
dialog: hundred and fifty degrees in only a
dialog: few minutes and activate the high
dialog: speed gas jets. If that happens
dialog: it'll be like trying to work ina
dialog: mine field.
scene_heading: COMET SURFACE - NIGHT 137
text: Monash and Simon angle the sled to the final location.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: We're on Target Two, Messiah.
text: ABOUT TWENTY YARDS AWAY 138
text: Partenza and Tulchinsky drill at Target One. A trail of
text: debris rises out of the hole, shoved up by the MOLE.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: How's our time?
dialog: 71A.
scene_heading: 139 IN THE MESSIAH 139
dialog: The clock. 00:36:34...:33
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Getting tight. 36:30.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: It's taking too long.
scene_heading: 140 ON THE COMET'S SURFACE 140
text: Simon and Monash Work above their final MOLE hole. Feed
text: out the control line, read the digital depth LED.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: MOLE 4 running true, at 26 meters.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Son of a bitch...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: It's stuck.
scene_heading: 141 MONASH AND SIMON 141
text: Monash looks down the hole. All he can see is debris.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Try backing it up.
scene_heading: 142 IN THE MESSIAH 142
text: Tanner and Baker watch all this on the helmet cams.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: What's your depth?
speaker_heading: MONASH (ON COM)
dialog: Sixteen meters.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: That enough?
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: No, it'll just blow pieces off the
dialog: surface.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: That's not deep enough.
speaker_heading: MONASH (ON COM)
dialog: No shit, thanks for the insight.
dialog: Blow three pitons, back the sled
dialog: off.
text: 143 ON THE SURFACE 143
text: Simon releases all but one piton, shoves the sled away.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 143 CONTINUED: 143
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Mole three at depth. Coming your
dialog: way.
text: Simon screws a pitch into the surface, attaches a line to
text: hold him in place. Monash is using the MOLE control line
text: as a tether, they're stirring up carbon as they work.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: I'm going in.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: The hole?!
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: See if I can free it up.
text: Monash goes in feet first, using the line as a rope.
scene_heading: 144 IN THE MESSIAH 144
text: They watch Monash's helmet cam as he descends into the
text: hole. Like dropping into a small well, his helmet lights
text: illuminate the dark, veiny walls close around him.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: How's my time?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: 24:10.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Another six minutes and they won't
dialog: have time to get back to us.
text: A beat. Tanner leaps for the pilot's seat.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Blow the tethers.
text: She realizes what he's thinking.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: We go get them and we may not have
dialog: enough fuel to get back off the
dialog: surface.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Blow the goddamn tethers!
speaker_heading: 145 OMIT 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Calculate exactly how much prop we
dialog: need to get off this rock! Shut us
dialog: down when we hit it.
text: She TYPES into a keyboard. Numbers rush by.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Got it!
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE MESSIAH
dialog: 74
text: A BEEP.
text: The aft thrusters ignite and the ship moves away fast.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: IN THE HOLE
text: Tulchinsky and Partenza arrive. Monash works his way down
text: to the top of the MOLE. Braces himself against the walls,
text: gets his feet on it.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Give it some juice.
text: The MOLE shimmies a little, shakes, but doesn't move.
speaker_heading: MONASH (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold up.
text: It stops, Monash rocks it back and forth with his boots.
speaker_heading: MONASH (CONT'D)
dialog: Try backing it up again.
speaker_heading: IN THE MESSIAH
text: Baker's computer BEEPS.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Little more, little more...
text: She looks at the fuel usage whizzing by.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 150 CONTINUED: 150
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Shut it down!
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: They always put extra in the tanks!
text: Baker leans across, shuts it down. A beat, Tanner knows
dialog: she was right.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: We have a visual?
text: Across the valley. The yellow sled.
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: Straight ahead one hundred yards.
scene_heading: 151 IN THE MOLE HOLE 151
text: Monash kicks and shakes the MOLE, tugs up on the feed line.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: ...Come on... you bastard. Time?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: 11:04. Figured we'd better pick
dialog: you kids up after school. Check
dialog: your six...100 yards.
text: 152 ON THE SURFACE 152
text: Partenza looks, sees the Messiah hovering in the distance.
text: Notices the sun striking the hilltops on the other side of
text: the valley. Checks over his shoulder at the coming dawn.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: I think we'd better hurry, boys.
speaker_heading: MONASH (ON COM)
dialog: One more time, Mark.
scene_heading: 153 IN THE HOLE 153
text: The MOLE struggles, RUMBLES and then...begins to DIG.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: It's going!
scene_heading: 154 IN THE MESSIAH 154
text: Baker stares at the dawn horizon.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: I don't think they've got 10
dialog: minutes.
text: The sun is rising between two mountains, it's going to
text: pour straight down into the valley, right where they are.
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 76.
text: ON THE SURFACE 155
text: Debris is shooting up from the hole.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: MOLE’s at forty-two meters.
speaker_heading: TANNER (ON COM)
dialog: Sun's rising behind you, coming up
dialog: fast.
text: Partenza sees the rapidly shrinking shadows. They move
text: much faster than earth. Everywhere it strikes, the surface
text: gets unstable. Rocks fly, jets explode.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Face shields down!
text: The three men on the surface down their gold shields.
scene_heading: IN THE HOLE 156
text: Monash is pummeled with debris shooting up from the digging
text: MOLE. Pulling himself up the control line as fast as he
dialog: can. No way he has time for his face shield in this mess.
text: ON THE SURFACE 157
text: The sun marches closer and closer. Now only thirty yards
text: away, jets explode like mortars in the heat.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: MOLE's at depth and armed!
scene_heading: ON THE MESSIAH 158
text: Tanner and Baker watch the sun's approach with alarm.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Get the hell out of there!
scene_heading: ON THE SURFACE 159
text: Partenza screams back into his headset.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Oren's still in the hole!
text: Simon stares into the hole, sees the top of Monash's helmet.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Another three meters!
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Oh, Christ...
text: The sun is only yards away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 159
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Oren, come on, go...go...!
speaker_heading: IN THE HOLE 160
text: Monash grabs the line. Pulls hard, propelling himself up
text: much too fast, like a missile. Shooting out onto the --
speaker_heading: SURFACE 161
text: Heading straight up into orbit. Partenza grabs his passing
text: boot and is pulled along until Partenza's tether catches.
text: They bob in space, the light gravity slowly bringing them
text: back down. Monash staring out in shock.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: Get us down!
text: Simon grabs the tether line, pulls them back, spinning
text: them slowly as they come. Partenza looks up, realizes.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oren, your face shield!
text: Monash looks down, what? Just as his face rotates full
text: into the blinding sun. Screams in pain.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Ahhhhhh...AAHHHH... 1!!!
text: Monash claws at the helmet, trying to get to his blinded
text: eyes. They get him back to the surface, SLAM his shield
text: DOWN, drag him behind them to the sled. The sun hits them
text: as they FLOP Monash on top, lash him down. The ground
text: begins to boil and steam.
speaker_heading: MONASH (CONT'D)
dialog: My eyes...oh god...my eyes...
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Gus, come on! Come on...!
text: It's only yards around the sled to Partenza's seat but the
text: sunblasted surface is cracking, EXPLODING. He's trying to
text: cross a jet minefield.
speaker_heading: TANNER (ON COM)
dialog: Get out of there!
text: Partenza dodges one, sees a clear spot, steps and BOOM! A
text: jet explodes into his chest. Rocketing him up like a human
text: cannonball.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Gus...Gus...!
text: Partenza's sling-shot out into space hundreds of feet.
dialog: 162
speaker_heading: 162A
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: ON THE MESSIAH 162
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: we're losing one!
text: Tanner leaps to look. Partenza's helmet cam has a quickly
text: diminishing view of the comet below.
speaker_heading: BAKER (CONT'D)
dialog: He's got escape velocity. A
text: thousand feet and climbing.
scene_heading: PARTENZA IN SPACE 162A
text: He watches the comet recede.
text: ON THE SURFACE 163
text: They're looking up, frozen. Jets EXPLODING all around.
speaker_heading: TANNER (ON COM)
dialog: Mikhail, Mark, get the hell out of
dialog: there!
text: Simon fires the sled and they head for the Messiah.
scene_heading: IN THE MESSIAH 164
text: The sun works its way across the valley, closer and closer
dialog: to the Messiah.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Houston, all MOLES are at depth,
dialog: nukes hot and ready. We lost
text: Partenza to explosive outgassing.
text: Monash is injured.
text: IN THE SMALL ROOM AT JSC 165
text: The families stare at the TV, in shook. Hold each other.
text: The sun clock now blinks 0:00 on the screen.
speaker_heading: MSNBC STUDIO 166
text: Jenny and the MSNBC staff watch the Messiah pictures.
scene_heading: UNDER THE MESSIAH 167
text: Tulchinsky helps load the GROANING Monash onto a hoist.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Retract hoist one!
text: Monash is pulled up into the Cargo bay. The sun now fully
text: striking the Messiah. Rocks and jets shoot all over the
text: place. Tulchinsky SNAPS onto another hoist.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 78A.
speaker_heading: 167 CONTINUED: 167
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Retract four!
text: Tulchinsky starts up. Simon connects himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: 170A
dialog: 171
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 167
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Retract two!
text: The hoist starts and BOOM! A rock SLAMS into Simon's
text: forearm, hard. Sends him swinging like a kid on a rope
text: over a river SLAMMING into the underbelly.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT 168
text: The hull vibrates from the rocks like POPPING corn.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Firing primary thrusters.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Payload doors are still open!
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Close them as we go!
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Is Oren with you, Simon? Is Oren
dialog: on the ship?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We're going now!
scene_heading: UNDER THE MESSIAH 169
text: The ship fires its thrusters. Lifts up, the men still
text: dangling below.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT 170
text: It's choppy. Rocks BANG. Tanner steers as best he can.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MESSIAH 170A
text: The ship flies off.
scene_heading: IN THE CARGO BAY 171
text: The three men are being reeled in through the now closing
text: doors. A final rock EXPLODES up through the doors, SHATTERS
text: a light. Tulchinsky releases himself, swings Monash over
dialog: safety.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I think my arm's broken...
text: Tulchinsky reels Simon in. Releases him.
speaker_heading: T9A.
scene_heading: 172 IN THE COCKPIT 172
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Repressurize the cargo bay.
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: Cargo bay repressurized.
text: Tulchinsky comes in out of his EVA suit.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: We have to go get Gus.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: There's not enough time.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: He's going to die out there!
text: Something SLAMS into the underbelly, sends them careening
text: off to the left as Tanner wrestles the stick.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 172 CONTINUED: 172
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: We can still find him, he has a
dialog: beacon!
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I don't have time to argue with
dialog: you. Sit down and shut-up.
text: The ship BUCKS and SLAMS through debris.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Turn it on! Turn on the fucking
dialog: locator!
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: We barely have enough propellant
dialog: to get out of the coma!
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: We can't just leave him. We have
dialog: to go back.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: If we go for Gus, we all die...!
scene_heading: 172A INT. CARGO BAY - CONTINUOUS 172A
dialog: Monash hears this.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY (ON COM)
dialog: We can't just leave him in space.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Tulchinsky, listen to Tanner.
dialog: It's his ship now.
scene_heading: 172B IN THE COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS 172B
text: Tulchinsky slowly lowers himself into a seat. Leans his
text: head back, exhausted, tears run down his face.
speaker_heading: 173 MSNBC STUDIO 173
text: It's very quiet on the set. Finally, Jenny:
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: This has been such an indescribable
dialog: day, hasn't it? Where do you begin?
text: The Messiah has lifted safely off
dialog: the comet, and so we're cheering for
text: that, but Gus Partenza is dead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 173 CONTINUED:
dialog: His photo
dialog: 80A.
dialog: 173
text: appears behind her.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: He was...everyone who knew him loved
dialog: him. Even more than that, they
dialog: liked him. It's hard to report the
dialog: news when you're torn between
dialog: excitement and sadness. I can't
dialog: even imagine how they feel on the
dialog: Messiah.
scene_heading: 174 INTERIOR MESSIAH 174
text: The astronauts are floating silently in the living quarters.
dialog: Monash is
text: lying on the table, Baker works on his eyes with
text: the med kit. It's painful. Tanner speaks quietly to Baker.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Bad?
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 174 CONTINUED: 174
text: Her look says it all. Tanner goes back to checking Simon.
text: Partenza begins to cry softly.
scene_heading: 175 ROBIN'S HOUSE - NIGHT 175
text: Robin watches in silence.
speaker_heading: 176 UNIVERSAL
dialog: The crowd
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
dialog: They're going to set off the bombs
dialog: in thirteen minutes, well, less
dialog: than thirteen now.
dialog: (beat, she's reflecting)
dialog: We're supposed to see a large
dialog: increase in the comet's brightness
text: as dust from the explosion is hit
text: by the rays of the sun.
scene_heading: STUDIOS CITY WALK - DAY 176
text: watches Jenny on MSNBC.
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON SCREEN)
dialog: (she's looking off camera)
dialog: Do we know if that's going to be
text: visible to the naked eye or only on
dialog: telescopes? ... We don't know. We
dialog: do? Oh... naked eye. You'll see
dialog: the brightness. We will, we'll see
dialog: it together.
speaker_heading: 177 MSNBC STUDIO 177
text: On the monitors we see images from around the Messiah.
speaker_heading: TANNER (ON TV)
dialog: Prepare to remove safeties and
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY (ON TV)
dialog: Safeties removed...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: After the death of Dr. Gus Partenza
dialog: and with Oren Monash injured,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
speaker_heading: 81A-81B.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 177
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
text: Spurgeon Tanner is now in command
dialog: of the mission.
speaker_heading: BIEDERMAN HOME 178
text: The Biedermans and Hotchners are still watching together.
text: The comet as seen from the Messiah fills the screen.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, this is what's coming next:
dialog: the radiation burst is going to
dialog: wipe out the transmission from the
dialog: Messiah, just for a minute, maybe
dialog: a little longer, so don't panic
text: when the picture goes out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MESSTAH 179
text: Tanner, Baker and Tulchinsky are now up front.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Weapons armed.
text: Tanner looks over at Partenza's helmet cam, only space in
text: and out of heavy static.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We're detonating the bombs now,
dialog: Gus.
speaker_heading: PARTENZA
dialog: ...okay...
text: He's very distant. None of them know what to say. A beat.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Unlock firing switches.
text: Tanner and Baker unlock switch guards, exposing red "fire"
text: switches, side by side in the console.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Three... two... one... NOW.
speaker_heading: THE COMET 180
text: Light shoots from the MOLE holes, then BLINDING WHITE.
speaker_heading: MSNBC STUDIOS 181
text: The screen fills with static. Tanner's breaking up.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Weapons detonation... confirmed...
dialog: 10:04, Zulu ...time, 24 Augu...,
dialog: 21.99,
scene_heading: IN THE MESSIAH 182
text: Debris is hurled from the comet. SLAMS into the Messiah,
text: shuts down the electrical system. FLIPS them sideways,
text: BURSTING lights and a stern cargo WINDOW. ALARMS sound.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Decompression in area six!
text: Tulchinsky leaps up out of his chair, pulls himself along
text: the blender that's now the Messiah's interior, SLAMS against
text: pipes, floors, ceilings. THROWS himself against the cargo
text: hatch door, trying to close it and not be sucked out.
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: MSNBC STUDIOS
text: The static is beginning to clear.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Now we're just waiting for the
dialog: picture to come back. This is
text: hard. Twenty seconds.
text: Slowly, the view of the comet from the Messiah returns.
text: The comet's surrounded with debris, breaking into two
text: pieces, one five times larger than the other. A huge CHEER
text: erupts, the staff CLAPS, CRIES, they hug each other. Beth
text: holds her daughter Caitlin.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: What happened, Mommy?
scene_heading: UNIVERSAL CITY WALK - NIGHT
text: It's Times Square on V-J Day, bedlam, joy.
scene_heading: ON THE MESSIAH
text: Tulchinsky struggles the last few inches, gets the sucking
text: hatch door closed, the wheel turned. Smoke, wires exposed,
text: Simon extinguishes a small fire.
text: Baker looks to Partenza's helmet cam, only STATIC.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: BIEDERMAN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: They watch the set, the dust, the two comets in space.
speaker_heading: HEFTER (ON TV)
dialog: Messiah, this is Houston... Messiah
dialog: can you respond...
text: Everyone is elated, hugging, except for Leo. Sarah holds
text: him, tears running down her face, but he's still watching
text: the TV, worried. Slowly, she realizes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: -Leo...?
text: But he doesn't answer, something's wrong.
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 84-85.
speaker_heading: 187A OMIT 187A
scene_heading: 187B WHITE HOUSE OFFICE - NIGHT 187B
text: The room's crammed full of electronic gear, computers. The
text: President, Entrekin, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs SCOTT,
text: other aides and advisors. No one says a word. All are
text: turned toward Bekey, a phone to his ear. Waiting.
speaker_heading: IVAN BEKEY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ...I’m still here
text: Listens for a long beat. Then hangs up, slowly turns to
text: the President. He doesn't have to say it, they all know.
text: The President stares at his feet, the weight of his job
dialog: too great today. Then finally, quietly:
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Your people ready, Morton?
dialog: (Entrekin nods)
dialog: General?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: The President nods, heads for the brightly lit Oval Office
text: next door.
speaker_heading: 187C MSNBC - NIGHT 187C
text: Champagne, smiles, relieved tears. The President appears
text: on the monitors, his voice cutting through the celebration.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: Good evening.
text: He takes a long time to say the next thing. The staff
text: quiets, turns to watch. The President's grim expression
text: slowly sucking the joy from the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 188 INT. WHITE HOUSE OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT 188
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: You know what just happened.
dialog: There was one big.comet, and now
dialog: there are two. And they're both
text: headed to earth.
scene_heading: 188A MSNBC STUDIO - NIGHT 188A
text: We MOVE SLOWLY through the faces, then onto the long wall
text: of monitors; every station carrying the speech.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: Let's call the big one Wolf and
dialog: the smaller piece, Biederman.
text: Wolf is six miles wide, Biederman
dialog: a mile and a half. Separately or
dialog: together, they are capable of
dialog: destroying life as we know it. Wwe
dialog: have lost communication with the
dialog: Messiah spacecraft although we
dialog: continue to track it visually. It
dialog: left the comet under power and has
dialog: made course corrections under
text: power. The ship is coming home.
dialog: We don't know how many are alive.
dialog: We don't know their condition.
text: He takes a moment. All stare, the words sinking in.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we have to make some decisions
dialog: together. What do we do? You have
dialog: a choice, we have a choice right
dialog: now. Ever since the comet was
dialog: discovered, we've been hoping and
dialog: working for the best, but we've
dialog: also been planning for the worst.
dialog: Our strategy has been two-fold.
dialog: First, our Strategic Missile
dialog: Command is preparing to coordinate
text: with the Russians a massive strike
dialog: of Titan missiles to intercept the
dialog: incoming comets. If we can deflect
dialog: these comets only two degrees they
dialog: will bounce harmlessly off of our
text: atmosphere and head out into
dialog: space...
scene_heading: 188B IN THE BIEDERMAN'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 188B
text: They watch the speech. Sarah clinging to Leo.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: Unfortunately, the Titans cannot
dialog: be launched until the comets are
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 188B CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: 86A.
speaker_heading: 188B
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: only a few hours away and while we
dialog: are confident the Missile attack
dialog: will succeed, it is only prudent
dialog: that we now take cautionary steps
dialog: to insure the continuation of our
dialog: way of life. To guarantee that
dialog: there will be enough of us left to
dialog: rebuild a new world in the unlikely
dialog: event that the comets do strike the
dialog: earth...
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: 188C THE OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT 188C
text: The CAMERA moves in slowly on the President.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: So, in the soft limestone of
dialog: Missouri, we've been preparing a
dialog: network of immense caves, and
dialog: they're almost finished, and we can
dialog: put a million people in them, and
dialog: that million people can survive
dialog: there, underground, for two years,
text: until the air clears and the dust
text: settles. The cave is more than a
dialog: dormitory, it's our new Noah's Ark:
dialog: we're storing seeds and seedlings,
dialog: plants and animals, enough to start
dialog: over. On August 10, we're going to
dialog: hold a national lottery...
scene_heading: 188D MSNBC STUDIO - NIGHT 188D
text: The faces of people watching; in Times Square, in Chicago,
dialog: Seattle, Houston and San Francisco.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: A computer will randomly select
dialog: eight hundred thousand Americans,
dialog: to join the two hundred thousand
dialog: scientists, doctors, engineers,
dialog: teachers, soldiers and artists who
dialog: have already been chosen. Other
dialog: countries are preparing similar
dialog: caves along whatever lines they
dialog: feel are best to preserve their
dialog: ways of life. This is ours.
scene_heading: 188E ROBIN'S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT 188E
text: Robin is watching alone.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: Beginning tonight, and continuing
dialog: until the crisis passes, I am
dialog: declaring a state of Martial Law.
dialog: The Armed Forces and the National
dialog: Guard are working with local law
text: enforcement. A national curfew
text: begins at midnight tonight.
dialog: Wherever you are, go home. Stay
dialog: off the roads after sunset. Crimes
dialog: against persons or property will be
dialog: dealt with swiftly and harshly.
dialog: 87A.
scene_heading: 188F INT. MSNBC - NIGHT 188F
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: News stations around the nation
dialog: are being faxed copies of the
dialog: lottery procedure as we speak and
dialog: they'll be broadcasting the
dialog: details to you in a few moments...
text: Worth takes off running for the fax, Ira following.
speaker_heading: 87B-87C.
scene_heading: 188G INT. WHITE HOUSE OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT 1886
text: The President takes a break and stops reading copy. He
text: tries to unburden his heart.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: I... wish... no, wishing is the
dialog: wrong word right now. That's not
dialog: what I mean. Look... I believe in
dialog: God. A lot of you don't. At times
dialog: like this, it would just be obscene
dialog: to use faith as a weapon. But I
dialog: still want to offer a prayer and
dialog: I've been trying to find the right
dialog: one. So let me offer this. It’1l
dialog: pray for our survival, mine
dialog: included, because I believe that
dialog: God hears all prayers... but I also
dialog: believe that sometimes His answer
dialog: is No. May the Lord lift up His
dialog: divine countenance upon you, and
dialog: give you peace.
text: We hear a murmur of AMEN from the people in the Oval Office,
text: or wherever we see this, if on a monitor in MSNBC.
scene_heading: 188H MSNBC STUDIOS - NIGHT 188H
text: The Presidential Seal's on the monitors. Jenny's camera
text: light CLICKS ON. She looks off, all formality gone.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Do we have the fax yet, Stuart?
dialog: (Stuart shakes “no”)
text: Worth and Ira reappear from the hall, running. Worth
text: carries a sheet of paper overhead, rushes it to the anchor
text: desk. Jenny reads it as the crowded studio waits, silent.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT’D)
dialog: My God... Stuart, how old are you?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (ON STAGE COM)
dialog: Jenny, in five, four...
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Fifty-five...
text: Her camera light blinks RED. She slowly turns to camera.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 87D.
speaker_heading: 188H CONTINUED: 188H
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We now have the details of the
dialog: national lottery.
dialog: (reads)
dialog: Those of you who have been pre-
dialog: selected for the Ark will be
dialog: notified within the next few
dialog: minutes...
scene_heading: 188I UNIVERSAL CITY WALK - NIGHT 1881
text: We MOVE ACROSS the stunned faces, watching Jenny.
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
dialog: For the rest, on the night of May
dialog: 14, those who's social security
dialog: numbers have been randomly selected
dialog: by computer will be notified. All
dialog: phone systems will be turned off
dialog: for 72 hours beginning on May 13th.
dialog: The only phones that ring will be
dialog: those of the people selected...
scene_heading: 188J INT. ROBIN'S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT 188]
text: Robin watches her daughter deliver the news on TV.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: While some Americans over fifty
dialog: years of age have been pre-selected
dialog: for the Ark due to their expertise
dialog: in a necessary field of study, no
dialog: men and women over fifty in the
dialog: general population will be included
dialog: in the lottery...
scene_heading: 188K INT. JASON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 188K
dialog: Chloe gives Jason a look. I don't know about you, but I
dialog: will survive.
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
dialog: The evacuation of those who have
dialog: been selected for the Ark will
dialog: take no longer than two days
dialog: beginning on May 18th...
scene_heading: 188L THE BIEDERMAN'S - NIGHT 188L
text: The phone RINGS. Everyone looks. It RINGS again.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: ...Hello...?
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
dialog: During this two day period, no
dialog: unofficial travel will be permitted.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 87E.
speaker_heading: 188L CONTINUED: 188L
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: Those selected will be taken by
dialog: bus and train to the underground
dialog: Ark site by military personnel...
text: Ellen hangs up slowly, turns back to the room.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: We've been pre-selected.
text: All turn to Leo, they know why. Chuck leaps up, rushes
text: for the front door.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Chuck...? Where're you going?
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: Our phone! They could be calling!
text: And he's gone. They look among themselves, they all know
text: the Hotchner phone isn't ringing across the street.
speaker_heading: 188M MSNBC STUDIOS 188M
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You are being notified now because
dialog: there is still time to construct
dialog: your own shelters in basements and
dialog: backyard pools. Civil Defense
dialog: teams have been formed in every
dialog: town and city in America with a
dialog: population over five thousand.
dialog: They will distribute supplies and
dialog: organize group shelters in
dialog: underground parking facilities and
dialog: other appropriate sites.
dialog: Construction plans, equipment
dialog: lists and locations for securing
dialog: the necessary provisions along
dialog: with information on how to grow
dialog: your own food underground and how
dialog: to purify water are now available
dialog: free of charge on the Internet at
scene_heading: WwW. FEMA.Com.
text: Jenny stops reading. It's silent. She sets the fax down
text: slowly, looks directly into camera.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: That's all there is.
dialog: 87F.
speaker_heading: 189 OMIT 189
scene_heading: 189A INSIDE THE MESSIAH (OLD SCENE 198) 189A
text: Monash strapped down, gauze covering his eyes, in pain.
text: Tanner and Baker work on the radio, Tulchinsky at the Orion,
text: Simon pours over schematics, his arm now roughly splinted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 189A CONTINUED: 189A
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: The interior camera circuitry is
dialog: shot. Andy, can we get back into
text: the cargo bay to reroute the video
dialog: junctions?
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: Starboard cargo porthole is blown.
dialog: We could try to get in there with
dialog: the EVA's but there's not much
text: left in the life support packs.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: We should be able to raise Houston
text: on the low band when we get closer.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: The Orion still functioning?
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: System check was okay, but I don't
dialog: know about the radiation shielding.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: So, if we fire it up, we beat the
dialog: comet back to earth, but we may
dialog: start glowing in the dark. Anybody?
text: A silent beat, then from the corner, hoarsely --
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Let's go home...
speaker_heading: 189B SPACE (OLD SCENE 199) 189B
text: The Orion fires against the backplate, the Messiah picks
text: up tremendous speed, leaves the comets behind.
speaker_heading: 189C OMIT (MOVED TO 18A) 189C
scene_heading: 189D THE ED SULLIVAN THEATER --NIGHT 189D
text: David Letterman on stage, talking to his audience.
speaker_heading: DAVID LETTERMAN
dialog: The comets are such great set-ups
dialog: for a joke, but the problem is that
dialog: we're the punchline. So here's my
dialog: last top ten list. Ten: be
dialog: grateful to the crew of the Messiah
dialog: for everything they tried to do.
dialog: Nine: Make peace with your enemies.
dialog: Eight: Be strong for the children.
dialog: Seven: Try to help someone you
dialog: don't know. Six: Don't get crazy.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 88A.
speaker_heading: 189D CONTINUED: 189D
speaker_heading: DAVID LETTERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Five: Don't be selfish. Four:
dialog: Love your friends and family.
dialog: Three: Love your friends and
dialog: family. Two: Love your friends
dialog: and family. One: Love your
dialog: friends and family...
text: Slowly, he walks off stage.
scene_heading: 189E EXT. WASHINGTON PARK - DAY 189E
text: Jenny walks with Robin.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I have to say it's liberating
dialog: knowing that I won't be called. I
dialog: don't think I've ever been happier.
dialog: I've even stopped smoking.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What are you going to do with all
dialog: of the money you save?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Do you know that the National
dialog: Gallery is saving all of the art?
dialog: They're shipping it to the caves.
dialog: I gave them the most beautiful
dialog: eighteenth century desk from New
dialog: England, and all of my Sheraton
dialog: silver. I really felt like I'd
dialog: protected something when I gave
dialog: them to the museum. You should
dialog: see my apartment now. After all
dialog: these years collecting, there's
dialog: nothing there now, it's
dialog: practically Japanese.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It doesn't seem fair that I got
dialog: selected. I'm not a doctor, ora
dialog: scientist.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: People need continuity. You're
dialog: someone everyone knows. People
dialog: trust you.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: But I can't help you.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Don't worry about me. I'm going
dialog: to be happy as long as I know that
dialog: you're going to live. Have you
dialog: spoken to your father?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 189E CONTINUED:
dialog: They keep
speaker_heading: 88B
speaker_heading: 189E
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (reflexive anger)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
text: The world he lives in is coming to
dialog: an end, Jenny, you don't want him to
text: die with bitterness in his heart.
dialog: Talk to him.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (the answer is coming)
dialog: When your Father and I were young,
dialog: I used to think of us as the
dialog: perfectly matched pair: he was the
dialog: most graceful man in the world,
dialog: and he always said I was the most
dialog: beautiful. But this is what the
dialog: comet has taught me; that grace is
text: deceptive, and beauty is passing.
dialog: Don't leave all the unfinished
dialog: stuff of your life to the comet.
dialog: Don't let the comet take away your
dialog: dignity. You're better than that.
dialog: walking.
scene_heading: 189F INT. MSNBC - NIGHT 189F
text: A scientist's being interviewed by Tim at the anchor desk.
speaker_heading: VAN SERTMA (ON TV)
dialog: It is impossible to say what is
dialog: happening on the Messiah now!
text: From the telescopes orbiting the
dialog: earth, yes, we see evidence that
dialog: they're using the nuclear
dialog: propulsion system, but who knows
dialog: what kind of damage it sustained
dialog: when the comet exploded?
text: The CAMERA finds Jenny and Eric watching this from a corner
text: of the studio. They drink a couple of beers.
speaker_heading: VAN SERTMA (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: The Russians are very pessimistic
dialog: about this. Radiation
dialog: contamination, overheating: the
dialog: Orion system is just as likely to
dialog: blow up as it is to work.
speaker_heading: TIM (ON TV)
dialog: That certainly isn't good news.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 189F CONTINUED:
dialog: There it i
dialog: 88C.
dialog: 189
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (amazed at the stupidity of
dialog: what Tim just said)
dialog: "That certainly isn't good news?".
dialog: What a genius.
speaker_heading: VAN SERTMA (ON TV)
dialog: No one is taking seriously the
dialog: extent of the risks here.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: What do you think the world should
dialog: be doing?
speaker_heading: VAN SERTMA (ON TV)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: (to the camera; time for a
dialog: commercial)
dialog: Thank you. Now this.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: (to Jenny)
dialog: What do you think the world should
dialog: be doing? Does everyone do what
dialog: they didn't have time to do, or
dialog: what they were afraid to do? What
dialog: happens to everyone's morals?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Morals? Eric where are you going...
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: In social crisis, there's a
dialog: collective unconscious yearning
dialog: for the disaster everyone pretends
dialog: to fear...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Eric, why don't you just ask?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Ask? What? What do you want me
dialog: to ask?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: If the world is coming to an end,
dialog: why not just have sex.
dialog: S.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: No, no, no, Jenny, keep this in
dialog: the abstract as much as you can.
dialog: It's much sexier to be vague.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 189F
dialog: 190
speaker_heading: 190A
dialog: 88D.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 189F
speaker_heading: ERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: The longer we talk about abstract
dialog: morals, and the weirder the
dialog: conversation gets, the longer and
dialog: more twisted your sentences, the
dialog: more I know what you'll be like in
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Well, that's quite a long and
dialog: twisted sentence you've got there.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Maybe that should tell you
dialog: something...
text: They burst out laughing at the absurdity of this
text: conversation. He kisses her. They look at each other and
text: start laughing again.
speaker_heading: OMIT 190
scene_heading: WOLF BIEDERMAN IMPACT: 4 WEEKS, 2 DAYS, 21 HOURS, 19 MINUTES
scene_heading: LEO AND SARAH'S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY 190A
text: Leo rides his bike up the street fast, knapsack slung over
text: one shoulder, standing on the pedals. The neighborhood's
text: transformed. Every driveway has sprouted a tricked-out
text: SUV: brush guards, twin Jerry cans, CB whips. Yards have
text: six foot chain link fences, now guarded not by neighborhood
text: mutts, but by gnarled Junkyard dogs. Chainsaws fell prized
text: family trees, drop them into the street for firewood.
text: Sandbags piled in front of doors.
text: Inside open garages, weekend warriors build bulk storage
text: where the Buick used to sit. Fill the shelves with cases
text: of canned goods, fifty pound sacks of flour, drums of oil.
text: Propane storage tanks are the new yard ornaments of choice.
text: Leo rides his bike up the Hotchner driveway, to the garage
text: where Chuck Hotchner is carrying a drill. Leo comes up
text: beside him as they pass Chuck's dirt bike, standing just
text: inside the garage.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Mr. Hotchner?
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: Who did I think I was going to be
dialog: when I bought that bike?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Well, every kid on the block wants
dialog: one now, and every Mom on the
dialog: block hates you for it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 88E.
speaker_heading: 190A CONTINUED: 190A
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: Thank you, Leo, that's the best
dialog: news I've had in years. Give mea
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: They go around to the porch where Chuck takes his drill to
text: a steel bar over the window. Sarah's mother, Vicky, nurses
text: the baby on the porch. She has a little portable TV, with
text: a small screen. This plays in the background. We may see
dialog: it or hear it:
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
dialog: Nationally, authorities report
dialog: that record numbers of Americans
dialog: are taking their own lives, with
dialog: more than twelve hundred suicides
dialog: in the past twenty-four hours
dialog: alone...
dialog: (riot footage)
dialog: It was another day of rioting for
dialog: building supplies throughout the
dialog: East. In Florida, a mob attacked
dialog: and killed a Miami rental yard
dialog: operator who was charging five
dialog: thousand dollars an hour for backhoe
dialog: and tractor rentals. Marines had to
dialog: intervene to stop the violence...
text: A big Deere combine plowing through green corn.
text: Leo grabs the heavy bars going up over the bay window.
text: He's startled by a big BOOM! Coming from a few doors down.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
text: Bob Smith's using dynamite to dig
text: a shelter in his backyard.
text: Down the block a huge dust mushroom cloud rises behind a
dialog: ranch house. Guess this passes for normal now. Chuck
text: drills the bar into place.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 190A CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: 190B OMIT
speaker_heading: 190C HILLTOP -
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: (2) 190A
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: Farmers in the Midwest continue to
dialog: harvest their crops prematurely,
dialog: even though Department of
dialog: Agriculture officials are now
dialog: threatening to impound farmland
dialog: found to have been harvested
dialog: early...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: In Arizona, the stand-off between
dialog: Army Rangers and the Armageddon
dialog: Doomsday Militiamen entered its
dialog: fifth day...
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Uh... Mrs. Hotchner...
speaker_heading: VICKY
text: Sarah's on the hill.
speaker_heading: 190B
speaker_heading: DAY 190C
text: Leo runs up to the pretty hilltop. He finds Sarah sitting
text: under a tree, the city spread out below them; they see the
text: burning FIRES, hear the SIRENS, and the GUNSHOTS.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Where were you today? I’ve been
dialog: looking everywhere for you. How
dialog: come you weren't at school?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: My Father said I didn't have to
dialog: go. He said there's no point.
text: Leo digs two wedding bands out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I have a point.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Those are wedding rings.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Yeah, I got ‘em from Jeremy Landers’
dialog: dad, he needed a Coleman lantern.
dialog: Look at them, don t you get it? I
dialog: figured it out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 89A.
speaker_heading: 190C CONTINUED: 190C
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: If you marry me, I can get you
dialog: into the Ark. You'll be safe. I
dialog: went to FCDA! They said that if
dialog: you and I got married, then you're
dialog: my family, and I can take you.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What about my parents? They're
dialog: not your family, I can't leave my
dialog: parents.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: You don't have to. I'm the famous
dialog: Leo Biederman and I haven't used
dialog: my fame for anything, but I got
dialog: them to bring your family too,
dialog: because we're going to be married.
text: She looks at him. He's so young.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're a sophomore in high school.
dialog: And you're asking me to marry you
dialog: so I can hide in a cave for two
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: So you can live. So we can both
dialog: live. So we can have children.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But we are children. Really, we're
dialog: just children.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Marry me, Sarah, please, marry me.
dialog: It's the only way you'll survive.
text: She studies him. He's changed. She understands something.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You love me. You know it, now,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Yeah. I love you.
text: She leans in, and kisses him. His lips first, then his
text: cheeks, his eyes, his neck.
text: He kisses her back, still unsure, a boy. And then she
text: slowly begins to unbutton his shirt. If he thinks she's
dialog: coming with him, we might see from the way she kisses
dialog: him that for her, this could be goodbye.
speaker_heading: 190D
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: 195A
speaker_heading: 195B
speaker_heading: 195C
speaker_heading: 195D
speaker_heading: 195E
dialog: 89B-94.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: STREETS OF AMERICA - NIGHT
text: We move into windows...
scene_heading: TOWNS AND CITIES - NIGHT
text: Americans rich and poor wait by their phones.
scene_heading: NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT
text: We hear a phone RING. Everyone in the apartment rushes.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Hello? Yes... Yes, this is he..
text: A PANORAMA OF AMERICAN WINDOWS AT - NIGHT:
text: Families by the phone; all waiting.
speaker_heading: REMOTE FARM HOUSES
dialog: Some phones RING. Some don t.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 190D
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: 195A
speaker_heading: 195B
speaker_heading: 195C
speaker_heading: 195D
speaker_heading: 195E
speaker_heading: 195F
dialog: 196
speaker_heading: 196A
speaker_heading: 196B
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 201
dialog: 95-97.
speaker_heading: SUBURBS
text: Other phones RING. Others don't.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: LEO'S STREET - NIGHT
text: The street's deserted, inside every brightly lit window a
text: family waits for their phone to ring.
text: Leo stands on Sarah's lawn in the dark. Inside her living
text: room bay window, he can see the Hotchners waiting. Their
text: phone isn't ringing.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: 195F
dialog: 196
speaker_heading: 196A
speaker_heading: 196B
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 201
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 202 MSNBC ANCHOR DESK 202
text: Jenny at the anchor desk. The dress around the newsroom
text: has become very informal. No more coffee cups and Evians,
dialog: now it's beer and wine. And everyone, absolutely everyone,
dialog: smokes.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Confusion over Civil Defense food
dialog: distribution erupted into riots
dialog: again today in Denver, and a number
dialog: of other cities across the country.
text: Film of EMPTY PRISONS.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Prison guards in California walked
dialog: away from their jobs, and released
text: prisoners on their way out. It's
dialog: feared this trend will spread
dialog: nationally.
text: Ira stands in the hallway, looking through Stuart's office
text: window. Stuart's inside in a suit and tie, packing up a
text: few mementos, that's it. Worth stops beside Ira, a beat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 202
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: He tell you where's he going?
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: Home...
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: Where's that?
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: He didn't say...
text: In the studio, Jenny continues. Film of RIOTING on screen.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: On the other side of the country,
dialog: rioting continued for the second
dialog: day at the Lorton Reformatory
dialog: outside Washington, D.C. Prisoners
dialog: there had heard of the inmate
dialog: releases in California, and wanted
dialog: to be set free as well.
speaker_heading: OMIT 203
speaker_heading: THE COMETS 204
dialog: Continue their journey towards Earth. They're getting
text: closer and closer. The sunlight striking them, warming
text: the ice. The long comet trails lengthening.
speaker_heading: MESSIAH COCKPIT 205
text: Tanner watches this on the computer monitor. Something
text: catches his eye. He's not sure, makes some notes, a small
text: sketch. Floats back into the crew quarters. It's a mess,
text: hanging wires, blackened debris, broken equipment. The
text: lights are low. Baker, Simon and Tulchinsky asleep.
text: Tanner grabs a foil pack, sits across from Monash. Tanner
text: squeezes the foil pack into his mouth. He wipes Monash's
text: lips. This is tender. They talk quietly, not to waken
dialog: anyone else.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: None of you children brought any real
dialog: books to read, did you know that? I
dialog: brought Moby Dick and Huckleberry
dialog: Finn, and Baker and Simon had never
dialog: read them. I'm afraid to ask you.
dialog: Have you ever read Melville or Twain?
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: I'm a child of the movies, Fish.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: Q9A.
speaker_heading: 205 CONTINUED: 205
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You got a shitty deal, Oren.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Don't worry about me. Really...
dialog: don't worry about me.
dialog: (reaches to Tanner and brings
dialog: him closer, so no one can
dialog: hear)
dialog: Y'know, all my life... you know what
dialog: it's like for guys like us, you and
dialog: me, we're the same... be the best...
dialog: be the best. I gotta wife. I'ma
text: father. I see little flashes of
dialog: light, and color, I go to sleep and
dialog: dream, but there's a part of me which
dialog: is always awake now, so I... I get to
dialog: see myself dreaming. I'm seeing
dialog: things differently.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How come they call you Fish?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Spurgeon, Sturgeon, Fish. That took
dialog: about fifteen minutes of my first
dialog: day at Annapolis.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Your boys went there?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Yeah. Good men. Both of them. I
dialog: don't see them as much as I used to
dialog: when Mary was alive, she was always
dialog: better at keeping the family together.
text: Monash senses Tanner's unhappiness.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: You don't have to talk about it.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You're married, you know what it's
dialog: like. Every marriage has its good
dialog: years and bad...we ended on a great
dialog: one. Anyway... Let's get started.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 99OB.
speaker_heading: 205 CONTINUED (2) 205
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: On what?
text: Tanner pulls out a copy of Moby Dick. We can fade out on
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You have a child at home, a boy or
dialog: girl, and that child needs a Daddy
dialog: who knows about books, so here we
dialog: go, Moby Dick, chapter one. "Call
dialog: me Ishmael. Some years ago never
dialog: mind how long precisely having
dialog: little or no money in my purse, and
dialog: nothing particular to interest me on
dialog: the shore, I thought I would sail
text: about a little and see the watery
dialog: part of the world..."
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
scene_heading: 205A INT. ROBIN'S TOWNHOUSENIGHT 205A
speaker_heading: 205B
text: On Robin's TV: Jenny, then VIDEO FOOTAGE OF LOOTERS.
speaker_heading: JENNY (ON TV)
text: In Columbus, Ohio looters continue
text: to set fire to abandoned stores.
dialog: The fires have been left to burn
dialog: since many firefighters are no
dialog: longer reporting for work.
text: CLOSET: Beautiful dresses. Robin's hand in frame takes
text: out one dress, then another, then puts them back and takes
text: out a beautiful antique robe.
text: ON A MAKE-UP TABLE: Make-up, lipstick, perfume. Robin's
text: hand picks up the lipstick.
speaker_heading: JENNY (0.S.)
dialog: Throughout Latin America's major
dialog: cities, business districts have been
dialog: abandoned to looting gangs.
dialog: Military patrols have not succeeded
dialog: in stopping the violence, and food
dialog: and medical shortages in outlying
text: areas have become critical.
dialog: Emergency airlifts hate been ruled
dialog: out as too dangerous.
scene_heading: EXT. LEO AND SARAH'S HILLTOP - NIGHT 205B
text: A torch. People climbing a hill. More torches.
text: Leo with his parents.
text: Sarah with her family.
scene_heading: ROBIN'S TOWNHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: JEWELRY CASE: A collection of beautiful pieces, earrings,
text: rings, necklaces, a locket. Robin holds up different
text: earrings. She chooses something beautiful. She tries on
text: rings, puts rings on a few fingers of each hand. She puts
text: on a heart shaped locket.
speaker_heading: JENNY (0.S.)
dialog: More street fighting in Moscow as
text: food and fuel shortages continue.
text: One observer at the U.S. Embassy
text: describes the scene as pure anarchy.
dialog: A group of Moscow officials
dialog: chartered a helicopter to get out of
dialog: the city, but when angry rioters
dialog: heard about it they shot the chopper
text: down. No one survived the crash.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 100A.
speaker_heading: 205B CONTINUED: 205B
scene_heading: LEO AND SARAH'S HILLTOP - CONTINUOUS
text: IN THE LIGHT: Leo and Sarah are brought to each other. A
text: CLERGYMAN is there. Sarah is beautiful, flowers are in her
text: hair. Leo is in a suit that's too small for him.
text: The CLERGYMAN. His Bible.
speaker_heading: JENNY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
text: In Europe, rioting continues as
speaker_heading: the EEU general evacuation plan
dialog: has fallen apart due to continuing
dialog: disagreements among participants.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 100B.
speaker_heading: 205B CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: JENNY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Meanwhile, because the national
dialog: health services in many of these
dialog: countries have stopped providing
dialog: services, hospitals have become
text: armed encampments to keep from
text: being over-run by angry citizens.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Refugee camps, like this one near
dialog: Syria, continue to form along
dialog: national borders as nation after
dialog: nation refuses passage to those
dialog: seeking safer ground before the
dialog: missile hits.
text: The rings. Don has the ring.
text: Parents are crying.
speaker_heading: CLERGYMAN
dialog: to love.., cherish.., so help...
speaker_heading: JENNY (0.S.)
dialog: The government in Mexico has
dialog: outlawed the private use of gasoline
dialog: and diesel fuel after a round of
dialog: severe price-gouging. In Mexico
text: City, residents are fleeing to
text: higher ground on foot. Several
dialog: thousand people were trampled when
dialog: police tried to re-route the crowds
text: from main streets leading out of the
dialog: city.
scene_heading: ROBIN'S TOWNHOUSE CONTINUOUS
text: The TV is turned off.
text: LIVING ROOM: For the first time in the sequence, we see
text: Robin in full frame. She puts on music.
text: She lights the candles in the living room.
scene_heading: LEO AND SARAH'S HILLTOP CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CLERGYMAN
dialog: till death do you part?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: ROBIN'S TOWNHOUSE CONTINUOUS
dialog: The room is beautiful, she was right when she told Jenny
dialog: that this was one of the most beautiful rooms in the world.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 205B
dialog: 206
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 209
dialog: 100C.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 205B
text: She sits down and pours an old red wine into a large glass.
text: She is in a chair beside a photograph of Jenny and Jason,
dialog: when Jenny was a child, on the beach.
scene_heading: LEO AND SARAH'S HILLTOP CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CLERYMAN
dialog: Do you... Sarah...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I do.
text: Leo kisses Sarah.
scene_heading: ROBIN'S TOWNHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Robin drinks her wine and closes her eyes. She is at
dialog: peace.
speaker_heading: OMIT 206
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: AN ARMY BUS - NIGHT
text: Making it's way slowly down Leo's block, more fortress
text: than transportation. Inside, the haunted, passing faces
text: of the already chosen. On top, soldiers. The Biedermans
text: and Hotchners are on the sidewalk, suitcases beside them.
text: Other families stand sullenly on their lawns.
text: The bus stops, soldiers pour out of the bus in full battle
text: gear, form a perimeter. It's precise, frightening. A
text: young LIEUTENANT with a clipboard jogs over.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Biederman?
speaker_heading: DON BIEDERMAN
dialog: That's us.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: ID’s please.
text: A small line; Ellen, Jane, Don, Leo and Sarah, the
text: Hotchners. He checks IDs, shines his flashlight in their
text: faces. Sends them to the bus. Don carries two suitcases.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT (CONT'D)
text: Only one suitcase.
speaker_heading: DON BIEDERMAN
dialog: It's our family photos, keepsakes.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Only one suitcase is going, sir.
dialog: I don't care which one.
text: Don looks to his wife, stricken. Leo sets his bag down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 210
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: 217 CONTINUED: 217
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I don't need my stuff, Dad.
dialog: (shows his ID)
dialog: This is my wife, Sarah. Here's
dialog: our notarized marriage license.
text: The Lieutenant takes it, reads. Nods toward the bus.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: ...okay. Get on.
text: Leo and Sarah smile at each other. Start for the bus.
text: The Lieutenant signals to his men.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT (CONT'D)
dialog: That's it, let's go.
text: They close in behind Leo and Sarah. Leo turns, the
text: Hotchner's have been left behind.
speaker_heading: LEO
text: The Hotchners are coming, too.
text: The Lieutenant turns his small flashlight back on, studies
text: the list. There's a long, torturous wait.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: H..0..t..C0...?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: h..n..e..r
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Not here.
text: He starts off again. Leo stops him again.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: They have to be there! FCDA [ficda]
dialog: sent their names to the White House!
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: They aren't there.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Check again... please!
text: The Lieutenant's getting annoyed, looks again. A beat.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: They're not on the list.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: 
dialog: Let's go...!
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: They're here! They have to be!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 217
dialog: 102A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 217
speaker_heading: LEO (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the Hotchners)
dialog: I put you on the list, they said
dialog: you were on the list. Sarah, I
dialog: put them on the list!
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: (it hits him)
dialog: We're not on the list.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: But... You said...
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: We're not on the list...
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: But Sarah, and the baby...
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Sarah can come.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Tell them the baby is yours...
dialog: Tell them the baby is yours.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (to the Lieutenant )
dialog: This is our baby...
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Oh, come on... I can't do that!
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (help me, please...)
dialog: Mommy... Daddy... I don't want to
dialog: leave you...
text: Don Biederman is behind Leo.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Leo, just grab her, get her inside!
text: Leo and Don hold onto Sarah, she pulls back.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I can't!
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: Sarah... Sarah... You have to go.
text: He tries to push her onto the bus.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 217 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: 102B
dialog: (3) 217
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Come or stay, girl... this bus is
dialog: moving out!
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I'm not going without you!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I can't leave my family!
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Sarah! Get on the bus.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I don't want to leave you!
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: You don't know what you're doing,
dialog: Sarah...
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Listen to them! You'll die if you
dialog: stay here, you know that!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: 217 CONTINUED: (4) 217
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (resolute)
dialog: If I die, I'll live on in you, in
dialog: your memory.
text: Tears run down Leo's face. She leans in, kisses him.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: If you love me. You'll go...
text: The bus STARTS. She stares into his eyes.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Please...
text: Leo backs slowly away from Sarah, anguished. She nods,
text: encouraging him to keep walking. He's to the bus door
text: Don pushes him up on board. The Lieutenant climbs on.
text: The bus doors close. It PULLS AWAY.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 217
speaker_heading: 217A
dialog: 103A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 217
text: Leo rushes to the back window, stares out at Sarah, his
text: hand smashed against the glass, as if to touch her. She
text: waves, her mother sobs in her father's arms. And Leo's
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: MSNBC STUDIOS - DAY 217A
text: Jenny's Assistant takes us through the now sparsely
text: populated MSNBC. Only a few desks are occupied, most have
text: gone to be with their families. She KNOCKS on Stuart's
text: old office door, now Worth's. He hasn't done anything to
text: personalize it. Jenny has her feet up, Eric's there, Ira.
text: They're watching footage of the interior of the Ark ona
dialog: monitor.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Jenny...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Here I am.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: It's for you. It's the coroner's
dialog: office.
text: Everyone is quiet now. Jenny takes the phone.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (apprehensive)
dialog: This is Jenny Lerner.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yes. Yes. Robin Lerner. Yes. My
dialog: mother. Sixty-one. Yes... That was
dialog: her address, yes... What time?
text: Everyone is watching her. She's crying while she talks.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll be right there. Thank you. Thank
dialog: you very much. Thank you.
text: She hangs up the phone. Everyone in the room knows that
text: something awful just happened. Jenny walks out.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 217B OMIT 217B
scene_heading: 217C INT. MORGUE - NIGHT 217C
speaker_heading: 217D
text: Jenny and a CLERK at a counter where she collects Robin's
text: things, the rings, necklace, and earrings she put on before
text: she died. Everything fits in a manila envelope.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Sign here. And sign here.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: You'll need to make arrangements.
dialog: The funeral homes haven't been very
text: responsive in the last few weeks.
text: Everyone's waiting to see what
dialog: happens.
text: Jenny can't talk. She goes outside.
scene_heading: EXT. MORGUE - NIGHT 217D
text: In the rain. Cabs pass by. There's one that's free. It
text: stops for her. She's about to get in when her father pulls
text: up in his car and opens his window.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Jenny! Come with me.
text: Jenny whips open his passenger door.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Come with me.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You're too late, I already took care
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: Jenny, get in the car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 104A-106.
speaker_heading: 217D CONTINUED: 217D
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: It wasn't my fault.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I don't give a shit, go tell Chloe.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: She left to be with her parents,
dialog: they're scared. She'll come back, I
dialog: hope.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You deserve it. You deserve to be
dialog: alone!
text: He gets out of his car.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No, no, I don't. Get in the car.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't you dare get out of that
dialog: car.
text: Jason reaches to her, but she pulls her hand away and the
text: bag she is holding opens up, spilling jewelry. Jason gets
text: out of the car, he chases the locket, but Jenny grabs it.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't touch it! It's mine.
text: Now he's soaking in the rain, too.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Well. So. I'm sorry for you.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I feel like an orphan.
text: She gets in the cab and leaves Jason in the rain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 218 OMIT 218
scene_heading: 219 LEO'S BUS - NIGHT 219
speaker_heading: 220
text: Leo and his family are on the crowded bus. Leo stares out
text: the window, lost, empty. Outside, soldiers try to hold back
text: a mob jamming the entrance the bus can force it's way
text: through a set of heavily armed gates between tall fences
text: topped with razor wire. The whole area's lit up like Monday
dialog: Night Football.
speaker_heading: SECTION LEADER
dialog: Welcome to the Ark. I'm the section
dialog: leader for Orange 254. Remember
dialog: that, that's what we're going to be
dialog: calling home for the next two years.
dialog: Please gather your things and follow
dialog: me to the orientation gallery.
text: They file off the bus. Leo steps down into the --
scene_heading: LIMESTONE CLIFF STAGING AREA - NIGHT 220
text: People everywhere, heavily armed soldiers, trucks,
text: GUNSHOTS, CHOPPERS coming and going. Animals are unloaded
dialog: from railroad box cars not just cattle and sheep; lamas,
text: pandas, tigers, peacocks, ostriches. Noah's Ark.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 220
text: Huge piles of palleted grain are moved by forklifts, large
text: wooden crates move past marked "National Gallery" and
text: "Library of Congress". A PA system BOOMS:
speaker_heading: PA SYSTEM (VO)
dialog: Please proceed in an orderly fashion
dialog: to the orientation gallery for
dialog: medical examination and inoculation.
dialog: Please proceed in an orderly
dialog: fashion...
text: They do as they're told, frightened, confused. No more in
dialog: control of what's happening to them than the cattle being
text: herded beside them.
speaker_heading: SECTION LEADER
dialog: There are a million people living
dialog: here. Two hundred food service
dialog: centers. You'll be eating freeze
dialog: dried beans and vegetables, and fish
dialog: sticks, a lot of fish sticks...
text: Ahead, massive doors open into the cliffs. The dark
text: tunnel's uninviting, ominous. Leo stops. His father
dialog: realizes.
speaker_heading: DON BIEDERMAN
dialog: Leo...?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I'm not coming.
text: A beat. Jane and Ellen turn back.
speaker_heading: LEO (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to go back for Sarah.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 220 CONTINUED: (2) 220
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Leo, come with us right now.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I'm going back for her, we're going
dialog: to make it.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: We're fifteen hundred miles from
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: It's beyond everyone's control.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: She's my wife.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Please don't go.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I'll see you again. I'll see all
dialog: of you again.
text: Don pulls out money, and he pulls off his watch and his
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What are you doing? Don't let him
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: He'll need something for trade.
dialog: And take this...
text: He gives Leo his Swiss Army knife.
speaker_heading: DON (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry your childhood was stolen
dialog: from you like this.
text: Leo hugs them all and begins to back up.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Mom, Janie... I love you...
text: His little sister waves softly. Leo turns away, walks
text: fast, not daring to look back. Disappears into the crowd.
dialog: 221
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 109A.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: RICHMOND - DAY
text: FROM A HELICOPTER we fly into the city center, past
text: abandoned cars and looted stores, there's trash everywhere,
text: on the streets, stacked in vacant lots, find CIVIL DEFENSE
text: WORKERS shepherding a crowd into an underground parking
dialog: garage.
scene_heading: WOLF BIEDERMAN IMPACT: 1 WEEK, 3 DAYS, 6 HOURS, 47 MINUTES
dialog: They remind you of nothing so much as refugees; pushing
text: shopping carts overflowing with their belongings, walking
text: beside their overloaded cars pioneers heading west.
text: And finally, WE FIND Sarah, carrying her baby sister.
text: Vicky drives their stuffed to the ceiling Astro Minivan,
text: her father pulls a cart loaded with mattresses.
text: They follow the crowd down into the parking garage, past a
text: distribution area manned by CD volunteers handing out
text: blankets, crates of freeze dried food, Ensure.
text: Vicky pulls the van into the first vacant spot. Other
text: families are already setting up camp.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ...Home sweet home... I'll start
text: unloading the van.
text: Hands the baby to her mother. Vicky looks to Chuck bleakly.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Oh god...
text: Chuck wraps an arm around her, hugs her.
dialog: 221
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 109B.
scene_heading: 233A INT. MSNBC - DAY. 233A
text: Jenny is on the newsroom floor, talking to Worth.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: They're working completely by press
dialog: release now. I don't feel like a
dialog: reporter anymore.
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: What about Entrekin?
text: Ira is coming over.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: He hasn't taken my call in two weeks.
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: Jenny.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: Your Father is here.
dialog: And there's Jason.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Excuse me.
text: And she goes to him.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello, Jason.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I can't stay long, I'm leaving the
dialog: city, but I wanted to show you
dialog: something. I wanted to show you
dialog: that you're not an orphan. I have
dialog: proof that you're not an orphan.
dialog: Look.
text: He takes a few photographs out of his Jacket pocket. These
text: are pictures of Jason and Jenny when Jenny was a baby. These
text: are pictures of Jenny and Jason on the beach, at a beach
dialog: house. These are not snapshots, they're black and white,
dialog: beautifully exposed and printed; a great camera, a good
dialog: photographer.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Where's Mom?
speaker_heading: JASON
text: Behind the camera.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 233A CONTINUED:
dialog: 109C.
speaker_heading: 233A
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: She took these pictures?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes. She was an artist. You don't
dialog: remember when they were taken?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm five years old here. How would
dialog: I remember that?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don't know.
text: Jenny is deeply moved by the pictures, but she can't show
dialog: her father
dialog: how much they mean to her.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: How come I never saw them?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You'd have to ask your mother. We
dialog: were alone on the beach. She would
dialog: have been in the pictures, but there
dialog: was no one else to hold the camera.
dialog: It was a good day for all of us.
dialog: (a beat while Jenny
dialog: studies them)
dialog: Goodbye, Jenny.
text: And he turns, and walks away.
dialog: And he's g
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Goodbye.
dialog: one.
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: OMIT 234
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MESSTAH 235
text: Tanner is studying the comets on the monitor, makes more
text: notes, taps into the computer. Heads into the main cabin.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Could I bother everyone for a
dialog: minute?
text: Tanner brings up the comets on the cabin computer.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Take a look at the big one.
dialog: (points)
text: The outgassing at perihelion has
dialog: created a vent a half mile wide and
dialog: at least two miles deep. Comet
text: gets closer to sun, sun melts ice,
dialog: ice turns to steam, we get a big
dialog: hole.
dialog: (...S80?)
dialog: How many nukes we have left in
dialog: back, Mikhail?
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Four.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: If we can get the remaining bombs
dialog: in that vent there shouldn't be
dialog: anything left of that comet bigger
dialog: than a suitcase. We can't do
dialog: anything about the little one, but
dialog: it might give them a chance.
text: Baker realizes what he's talking about, holy shit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: 235 CONTINUED: 235
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Without the arming codes, we'll
dialog: have to wait to set the bomb timers
dialog: until we get close enough to earth
dialog: to raise Houston.
text: Tulchinsky looks to Tanner. Doesn't get it.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: We may not have enough life support
dialog: left in the EVAs to get back into
dialog: the cargo bay for the nukes, much
dialog: less to work down on the comet.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: And we sure as hell don't have
dialog: enough propellant left in the
dialog: Messiah to maneuver much. How do
dialog: we get back off the surface once
dialog: we're down?
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: We don't.
text: Simon and Tulchinsky look at the others, realize.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: To get the nukes into the vent...
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We have to put them there.
text: Tanner shows them his sketch, arcs and ellipses, the Messiah
text: going into the vent. There's a long beat.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: So, if we fail, we'll never know,
dialog: and if it works, we'll never know?
text: Tanner nods. Another long moment. Finally:
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Look at the bright side, we'll all
dialog: get-high schools named after us.
text: A moment of silence.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 235 CONTINUED:
dialog: He brings
dialog: They pass
speaker_heading: 236 OMIT
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 244
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: BAKER (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to admit something. I
dialog: feel despair.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Yep. Me too, despair, over here.
speaker_heading: OTHERS
dialog: Despair... Uh huh.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY
dialog: Well, I'm Russian, despair in
dialog: Russia is already an improvement
dialog: over normal feelings. And in
dialog: Russia, for such feelings. I...
dialog: well... we have a cure.
text: out a bottle of vodka. Water in
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Drinking and driving, Commander?
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We could hit something.
dialog: the bottle.
dialog: 111A-115.
dialog: 235
dialog: the desert.
dialog: 236
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 244
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
speaker_heading: 248A
speaker_heading: 248B
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EASTBOUND TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Leo's in the back of a stake bed truck. It's dark, cold.
text: The truck's filled with men, women, children.
text: Leo looks up into the crystal clear night sky. The comets
text: are white hot points of light with long vapor trails, the
text: image from medieval manuscripts. He smiles, closes his
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE RICHMOND PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Sarah fills sandbags with other members of the underground
text: garage tribe. Slowly, she looks up. The comets. Leo.
text: She closes her eyes. Whispers quietly...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I love you, Leo...
scene_heading: IN THE BACK OF THE TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Leo's face still turned to the sky, eyes closed. The truck
text: PULLS AWAY underneath us, disappearing up the dark road.
scene_heading: VANDENBERG AFB - DAWN
text: Brilliantly lit Titans sit on their launch pads, ready to
text: go. Suddenly, rockets IGNITE. ROAR off into space.
scene_heading: BAIKONAUR-CIS - NIGHT
text: We're looking STRAIGHT DOWN at a closed missile door. The
text: door SLIDES open, revealing a Titan below.
text: WE CRANE down as the huge metal hole in the desert floor
text: begins to belch white exhaust. The Titan LAUNCHES.
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
dialog: 248
dialog: 248
speaker_heading: 248C
speaker_heading: 248D
speaker_heading: 248E
speaker_heading: 248F
speaker_heading: 2486
speaker_heading: 116A.
scene_heading: CAPE CANAVERAL - DAY
text: Peaceful, calm. Miles of uninterrupted horizon abruptly
text: PIERCED by more Titans, ROARING up out of the sea.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MESSIAH
text: The radar begin to BEEP a warning. Baker swings to it.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We're not alone.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Titans?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: That'd be my bet.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Peashooters.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: At least they're trying.
speaker_heading: SPACE
text: The comets from the point of view of the missiles.
text: AND FROM THE MISSILES POV
dialog: The comets are immense, and from this angle we finally
text: understand the futility of what is about to happen.
text: One by one the tiny missiles STRIKE the surface. Pebbles
text: smashing into two very large ponds.
speaker_heading: MSNBC - NIGHT
text: Across the monitors, the faces of people watching; in
text: Beijing, and Nairobi, London and Rio. Eric, Beth, Caitlin,
text: Worth, Stuart, Ira, Marianne, Bobby. On Jenny's monitor, a
text: graphic representation of the missiles striking the comet
dialog: surface.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Here's what you're looking at:
dialog: all the Titans have hit their
dialog: targets, but we still don't know
dialog: if they've made a difference.
dialog: Comets have to travel for awhile
dialog: before the radar tracking
dialog: stations can see if they have
dialog: been pushed to a safe course
dialog: that'll bypass the earth. So,
dialog: one more time, we have to wait.
speaker_heading: 248C
speaker_heading: 248D
speaker_heading: 248E
speaker_heading: 248F
speaker_heading: 248G
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: 248 WHITE HOUSE - NIGHT 249
text: Entrekin, the President, and Bekey.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: IVAN BEKEY
dialog: Plus or minus a few hundred miles.
text: The President nods, crosses the hallway and into -
speaker_heading: 250 OVAL OFFICE 250
text: The cameras already in place. He heads for his desk.
scene_heading: 251 RICHMOND PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT 251
text: The camera TRACKS through the underground village to find
text: Sarah and her family watching with everyone else on the
text: communal TV. Beck sits behind his desk in the Oval Office.
text: Takes a moment.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
text: The Titan missiles have failed.
text: The comets are still headed for
dialog: earth and there's nothing we can
dialog: do to stop them.
scene_heading: 251A INT. MSNBC - NIGHT 251A
text: People gasp, cry, try to hold back their emotions.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: We have now been able to calculate
text: the comets' final trajectories and
dialog: we have determined where they're
dialog: going to strike. So this is it.
dialog: If the world does go on, it will
dialog: not go on for everyone.
dialog: (takes a moment)
dialog: The smaller of the two comets,
dialog: Biederman, will hit first.
scene_heading: 252 IN THE BACK OF THE EASTBOUND TRUCK - NIGHT 252
text: The truck's stopped, everyone crowded around a tiny portable
text: set getting crappy reception. Leo stands to one side.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
dialog: Somewhere in Eastern Canada,
dialog: probably in the waters off the
dialog: coast of Nova Scotia. In just
text: under twelve hours at 4:35 PM,
dialog: Eastern Daylight time.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
speaker_heading: 117A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 252
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: (sudden impatience)
dialog: Can we get a map? Can somebody
dialog: get me a map right now?
scene_heading: IN THE OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT 253
text: Entrekin and Bekey grab a big office globe from over by the
text: fireplace. Haul it on camera.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: The impact of the comet is going to
dialog: be disastrous. There will be a
text: very large tidal wave moving
text: quickly through the Atlantic Ocean.
dialog: It'll be 1200 feet high traveling
dialog: at eleven hundred miles an hour
dialog: faster than the speed of sound...
scene_heading: MSNBC NEWSROOM - NIGHT 254
text: Everyone stands around watching; terrified. Eric moves to
text: the anchor desk, takes Jenny's hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 254 CONTINUED: 254
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV)
text: As the wave reaches shallow water,
dialog: it's going to slow down, but the
dialog: wave height, depending on the depth
dialog: of the shelf off the coast, will be
dialog: anywhere from a half mile to two
dialog: miles high. Where the land is
dialog: flat, the wave will wash inland six
dialog: hundred to seven hundred miles.
speaker_heading: 254A OMIT 254A
scene_heading: 255 RICHMOND PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT 255
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: The wave will hit New York City
dialog: forty minutes after impact. Boston,
dialog: Atlanta, Philadelphia, Washington,
dialog: all will be destroyed... If you have
dialog: any means of getting away from the
dialog: path of this wave, leave now.
dialog: They don't have to be told twice, everybody is getting the
text: hell out of the garage, and fast. Sarah and her family
text: leap into the Astro Minivan. People SCREAM, run, a few
text: small children are left crying. The TV still on.
speaker_heading: BECK (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: The larger comet, Wolf, will be far
dialog: more catastrophic. It will strike
dialog: land in Western Canada three hours
dialog: after Biederman. Within a week,
dialog: the skies will be dark with dust
dialog: from the impact and they will stay
text: dark for two years. All plant life
dialog: will be dead within four weeks,
dialog: animal life within a few months.
scene_heading: 256 INT. THE OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT 256
text: The President continues, looks directly into camera.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Good luck.
dialog: 257
speaker_heading: 257A
speaker_heading: 257B
speaker_heading: 257C
speaker_heading: 118A.
scene_heading: THE EASTBOUND TRUCK DAWN 257
text: The truck's turning around to head west. Everyone's jumping
text: back on frantically, except Leo who's standing in the road.
text: The last few people hop on or are dragged up by others. The
text: truck completes its turn. A large HISPANIC MAN leans out,
text: offers Leo his hand.
speaker_heading: HISPANIC MAN
dialog: Come on...!
text: But Leo doesn't move. The people in the back of the truck
text: stare at him. The truck barrels off west. Leo turns,
text: begins to run east, toward the lightening horizon.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MESSIAH 257A
text: Simon's under the radio panel, working with his one good
text: hand on a jumble of wires. Other wires now criss-cross
text: the ceiling of the cabin in a crazy tennis racket grid of
text: colors. Through the cracked windshield, the Earth.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Try that...
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I'm getting something.
scene_heading: JSC COMM ROOM - DAY 257B
text: A single GUY sits in the crammed comm room, watching MSNBC
text: on a small set. Hears a SCRATCHY sound. Sits up. What?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Houston...is...Messiah. Houston,
dialog: this... the Messiah...
speaker_heading: NASA GUY
dialog: Messiah, this is Houston, go
dialog: ahead...
text: Another man sticks his head in from the hallway.
speaker_heading: NASA GUY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get Hefter, quick!
speaker_heading: MESSIAH COCKPIT 257C
text: The astronauts let off a WHOOP, elated to be back on line.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: Nice of you to call Messiah, we
dialog: were starting to wonder what the
dialog: hell you were doing up there.
text: Tanner motions for everyone to shut up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 118B.
speaker_heading: 257C CONTINUED: 257C
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Admiring the view, Houston.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: Fish, that you?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Yep. Sorry we don't have time to
dialog: talk Houston, we need the arming
text: codes for the last four nukes.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: What the hell for?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Mitch, we can do, or we can teach,
dialog: what's your pleasure?
speaker_heading: 257D JSC COMM ROOM 257D
dialog: More and m
speaker_heading: WOLF BIEDE
text: ore NASA folks jam into the room.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: Get the arming codes! Get the
dialog: goddamn codes!
scene_heading: RMAN IMPACT: 19 HOURS 12 MINUTES 22 SECONDS
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: 258 MSNBC CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 258
text: Worth's running a mini meeting, it's somber, quiet, a
text: circle. Beer and wine containers litter the table, everyone
text: smokes. A few younger, staffers, Jenny, Eric, Beth with
text: Caitlin, Ira, Tim, Bobby, Marianne.
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: We have one helicopter. It holds
dialog: seven people. We can ferry six
dialog: people to high ground in West
dialog: Virginia and take Jenny to the
dialog: ark.
text: They look around, there are thirteen of them, not counting
dialog: Jenny and Eric. They aren't all going to make it. Worth
text: reaches behind him for coffee stirrers, counts out thirteen,
text: breaks the ends off six. Everyone watches, it's very quiet.
speaker_heading: WORTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Short sticks go.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: I always thought it was, "women
dialog: and children first.”
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: If you pick short, you can give up
dialog: your seat.
text: He offers his hand slowly around the room. Each person
text: picks a straw. One at a time. Marianne's first, a long
text: straw. A short one for the next man, he smiles. Bobby
text: picks a long one. Ira, long. Short. Long. Tim, short.
text: Long. Long. A woman begins to cry. Short. Eric has to
text: choose. He looks to Jenny. He chooses a straw. Short.
text: He takes Jenny's hand. Now, it's just Beth and worth.
text: Two sticks. One long and one short.
text: Beth looks at Worth, at Caitlin beside her. Takes a deep
text: breath. Picks one. It's long. Worth opens his hand, the
text: one remaining stick, short. There's a long silent beat.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Oh my God, Beth... What are you
dialog: going to do?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: There's always the road. I'll be
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: IRA
dialog: (making the best of a worst
dialog: situation)
dialog: Well...I...I’m going to learn
dialog: French.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: 259
speaker_heading: 119A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 258
text: Beth gets up and leaves. They all watch her go.
speaker_heading: WORTH
dialog: All right, let's get moving!
scene_heading: WOLF BIEDERMAN IMPACT: 6 HOURS 54 MINUTES 37 SECONDS
speaker_heading: SPACE 259
text: Wolf and Biederman tumble towards Earth.
dialog: 260
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: MESSIAH CREW QUARTERS
text: Tanner, Baker and Tulchinsky are working on the last bomb.
text: Parts float around, tools. Simon's at the comm board.
text: Monash is strapped to his seat.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: The code transfer is going too
dialog: slow, I can't get a clear signal.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: They'll come or they won't, worrying
dialog: about it won't help.
text: Tanner struggles to detach the nuke from its cumbersome
text: MOLE mounting capsule. He's whistling. Baker looks down
text: at him. Among the others.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Are you whistling?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Yep...
text: Baker grins, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: You're happy aren't you, Fish...?
text: Tanner doesn't answer for moment, then:
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: During the middle ages, a Swedish
text: Knight, returning home from the
dialog: crusades, got caught by the plague.
dialog: The Angel of Death came to take him
dialog: away, he was on a beach and there
dialog: was no place to hide.
text: Baker and Simon trade looks, here he goes again.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Death said, "It's time to go." The
dialog: Knight took a look at him and said,
dialog: "I've heard you're a chess player."
dialog: Death said, "That's true." The
dialog: Knight said, "Death, why don't we
dialog: play a game of chess? As long as I
dialog: hold you off, you don't claim my
dialog: soul. And if I win, I live
dialog: forever." Death smiled and said,
dialog: "Let's play."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 260
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
dialog: 262
speaker_heading: 263
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
dialog: 121-121A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 262
text: Tanner gets the nuke out, takes it to the table where
text: Simon's fashioned straps out of scrap to hold the nukes in
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
text: The Knight held him off for a long
dialog: time, until one day, the Knight
text: stopped in a church for confession.
dialog: And in the dark of that
dialog: confessional, he told the priest
dialog: about the chess game, and how Death
dialog: had overlooked a move, and how he,
dialog: the Knight, was just one jump away
dialog: from a checkmate. And the priest
text: pulled back the screen, and it was
dialog: Death himself. The Knight had
dialog: given away his game.
text: Everyone's listening now, lost in their own emotions.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: There was no chance to recover. He
dialog: was going to lose. The Knight went
text: outside, and he looked at his hands,
text: and he could see the blood still
dialog: flowing in his veins, and he said,
dialog: "There it is, I'm still alive, and
dialog: I, Antonius Block - that was his
dialog: name - I, Antonius Block, am playing
dialog: Chess with Death!"
text: Tanner finishes screwing the final nuke in place, slips on
text: a control lead, the nukes LED's BLINK on. He smiles.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: It's been a hell of game.
scene_heading: FREEWAY - DAY 263
text: A freeway sign: "RICHMOND BEACHES 6 MILES." The CAMERA
text: BOOMS DOWN to find bumper to bumper traffic on both sides
text: of the road heading west. Cars are HONKING, RADIOS are on,
text: tempers FLARE. News CHOPPERS overhead.
text: WE MOVE DOWN TO FIND Leo, on a bike heading the opposite
dialog: direction -- east, into town.
scene_heading: HOTCHNER VAN - DAY 264
text: Sarah and her family in the red Astro Minivan, stuck in
text: horrible traffic. Sarah sneaks a look up front, ON THE
text: DIGITAL SPEEDOMETER: 4 miles an hour. Chuck sees his
text: daughter looking. They're in trouble. And they know it.
speaker_heading: OMIT 265
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: SPACE
text: The COMETS' POV: Earth fills the horizon.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: LEO'S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: The street's deserted, weeds choke lawns, trash is piled
text: up everywhere, broken windows, doors ripped off hinges.
text: Leo pedals up the street, hard. Passes abandoned cars,
text: dogs roaming free eating garbage. Dumps the bike on
text: Sarah's dead lawn, rushes into --
scene_heading: SARAH'S HOUSE - DAY
text: The front door bars have been pried off, wood hanging from
text: the jam. It's oddly quiet, family photos missing, leaves
text: blowing around, the place has been looted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
speaker_heading: 269
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
speaker_heading: 271
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 273
speaker_heading: 274
dialog: 
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 269
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Sarah! Sarah...!
text: No answer, he's near panic.
speaker_heading: LEO (CONT'D)
dialog: SARAH...
scene_heading: BACK ON THE STREET - DAY 270
text: A metal toolshed door RATTLES in the breeze. A front door
text: SLAPS back and forth.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Sarah...!
text: A cat scoots across the street. A car wreck sits under
text: the streetlight. He checks both cars for keys, nothing.
text: Runs along the houses, all deserted.- Nobody.
speaker_heading: LEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello! Hello...!
text: Nothing. Just the empty street.
speaker_heading: LEO (CONT'D)
dialog: SARAH. ..?!
text: It's getting creepy now, Leo's spooked. He runs up to his
text: own garage, pulls the partially destroyed garage door up.
text: The garage has been looted, too. Old toys strewn around,
text: dolls, baby clothing. But sitting against the wall, still
text: chained in place. His Dad's dirt bike, its heavy duty
text: chain and massive lock still in there, showing the evidence
text: of several attempts to break it.
text: Leo digs among the scattered paint cans. Finds the right
text: one. The keys still in their hiding place. Unlocks it.
text: Climbs on, turns it over with a ROAR. FLIES down the
text: driveway and out into the street, barely hanging on.
speaker_heading: OMIT 271
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 273
speaker_heading: THE MESSIAH 274
text: The astronauts watch Biederman entering the atmosphere.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 274
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: 275A
speaker_heading: 275B
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 275D
speaker_heading: 275E
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: THE MESSIAH 274
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We ready?
text: Everyone's strapped in, Tanner and Baker up front with
text: Simon. Tulchinsky and Monash next to the nukes. All nod.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Houston, this is Messiah. We're
dialog: ready to begin our run. Our
dialog: families there yet?
speaker_heading: HEFTER (ON COM)
dialog: They're on their way, Messiah.
dialog: Good luck.
text: Kenny takes the yoke, begins a turn.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Disengage autopath. Here we go...
speaker_heading: SPACE 275
text: The Messiah sling shots around the Earth, heading for the
text: massive Wolf. We SWING BACK TO Biederman's view of the
text: earth as it approaches the atmosphere and begins to heat
text: up. SCREAMS past a satellite, starts to glow.
scene_heading: THE FREEWAY - DAY 275A
text: Leo ROARS along the shoulder, up and down the grass
text: embankments trying to miss abandoned cars. Surfing the
text: sea of slow moving traffic. Searching for the Astrovan.
speaker_heading: OMIT 275B
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 275D
scene_heading: INT. MSNBC - DAY 275E
text: Jenny and Eric are running through the building. They
text: have to cross the studio. Jenny runs to her desk.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 124A.
speaker_heading: 275E CONTINUED: 275E
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I have to get something.
text: She grabs the envelope her Father gave her.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Jenny! Let's go!
text: She runs with him. They pass the day care center. There
text: are Beth and Caitlin, playing. Jenny stops.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Beth!
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Jenny!
text: He's already at the door to the roof. The others are
text: pushing past him. When the door opens we can hear the
text: noise of the helicopter on the roof.
speaker_heading: ERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: Jenny! We have to go!
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: The roads were so crowded, it was
dialog: obvious that we weren't going to
dialog: make it. If the wave is going to
dialog: come, I thought, well, she likes it
dialog: here. It's the fifteenth floor
dialog: who knows, maybe we'll be alright.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Caitlin. Come here.
text: Caitlin comes to her. Jenny picks her up.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Say goodbye to Jenny, Caitlin.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Jenny! There's no time left!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Let' s go.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Where?
text: Jenny starts running with Caitlin. Caitlin drops her doll.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Let's go.
text: They all start running up the stairs together.
dialog: 124B.
speaker_heading: 275F OMIT 275F
scene_heading: 275G EXT. MSNBC ROOFTOP - DAY 2756
text: They come to the roof. A helicopter is waiting for them,
text: and another chopper has just left. The sky is filled with
text: helicopters and small planes, all heading west.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: We're going to make it, we're going
dialog: to make it, let's go, let's go,
dialog: now, now, now...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Where are you going with my Caitlin?
text: Jenny seems to have an aura around her, something is holding
text: her back from the fear and tension that everyone else is
text: showing on their faces. She's actually calm.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You're taking Caitlin and you're
dialog: taking my seat.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: why?
text: A few people are already in the chopper.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Get inside!
text: Beth rushes in.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Caitlin, I love you.
text: Jenny hands Caitlin to her mother. Eric is about to get
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: What are you doing?
text: The Pilot looks doubtfully at the number of people he's
dialog: supposed to carry.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: That's too many.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: We can make it.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm not going. Goodbye, Eric.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 124C-125
speaker_heading: 275G CONTINUED: 2756
speaker_heading: 275H
speaker_heading: 2751
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Thank you, thank you, thank you.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: We gotta go!
text: And he starts to lift off.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Goodbye, Eric.
text: Eric is holding Jenny's hand as the helicopter rises.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: But I love you.
text: Jenny hears this, and smiles. She kisses his hand.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Next time!
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Next time!
text: And then their hands separate, and the helicopter flies
text: off the roof, and joins the swarm of planes going west.
speaker_heading: OMIT 275H
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY 2751
text: We are looking east on the freeway, at the miles of cars,
text: filling both sides of the road and all heading west. They
dialog: are stopped, or moving at a mile an hour.
text: We are on the westbound lanes, looking at the back of a
text: sign over the freeway. We cross to the eastbound lane and
text: a sign saying BEACHES... We continue across the highway
text: and over the embankment to an access road, where one car is
text: heading towards the water. We find the driver: Jenny.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 125A.
scene_heading: 276 THE FREEWAY - DAY 276
text: Leo on his motorbike, wearing a helmet, through the traffic.
text: Cars everywhere, impossible to get through.
text: An Astrovan... he goes up to it: the wrong family.
dialog: Another Astrovan... the wrong people.
text: Leo drives up onto the center median. Other motorcyclists
dialog: are using the same road.
text: HE PASSES THE HOTCHNER FAMILY.
text: Vicky sees him.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE VAN
text: Vicky sees Leo.
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: Look... Sarah... Look...
text: Sarah and Chuck see Leo.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Leo!
text: She throws herself over her Father to hit the horn. But
text: all the cars are honking.
speaker_heading: ON LEO
text: Leo is ahead of the Hotchners.
speaker_heading: ON SARAH
text: She gets out of the car and climbs up on the roof.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
scene_heading: LEO! LEO BIEDERMAN! LEO!
text: Leo doesn't hear her.
scene_heading: ON LEO (FROM HIS REAR VIEW MIRROR)
text: A girl on a van.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: He stops. He turns around. He sees Sarah.
text: She is off the van, and running to him through the stopped
dialog: traffic.
text: He rides back to her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 125B.
speaker_heading: 276 CONTINUED: 276
text: They kiss.
text: Vicky, carrying the Baby, and Chuck, are out of the van,
text: coming to them.
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: You don't have any time, you have
dialog: to go now.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Here...
dialog: She gives Sarah the Baby.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Mom...
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Make a life.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I'll take care of them, I promise...
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: I know you will. Go, please go...
text: Sarah nods, crying. Leaps on the back of his bike.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: We love you, we always loved you,
dialog: now get out of here, now, now,
dialog: now. Go!
text: Leo and Sarah, holding the Baby, get on the motorbike, and
text: get out of there as fast as they can, leaving Chuck and
text: Vicky on the road.
speaker_heading: 276A
speaker_heading: 277
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 278B
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: The comet's POV, low in the atmosphere, streaking over the
dialog: earth.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: FREEWAY - DAY
text: Chuck and Vicky Hotchner lean against their stopped van.
text: He has his arm around her. She lets him hold her. He
text: looks up... Everyone is looking up, she looks up...
dialog: there's the comet.
speaker_heading: CHUCK HOTCHNER
dialog: Biederman.
text: People get out of their cars, slowly. WE BOOM UP, to see
text: miles of jammed road, all traffic has stopped as a million
text: people make peace with the end of their lives.
speaker_heading: 276
speaker_heading: 277
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 278B
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 280
speaker_heading: 281
speaker_heading: 281A
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 285
speaker_heading: 285A
speaker_heading: 285B
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: 285C
dialog: 286
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: OMIT 280
scene_heading: COUNTRY ROAD - DAY 281
text: Leo and Sarah ROAR off the freeway, FLY past an endless
text: line of cars crawling slowly into the green hills. Sarah
text: sees the comet first.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh no...
text: Streaking overhead. Leo yells over the NOISE of the bike.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Fifteen minutes after it hits we'll
dialog: feel the shock wave! Hold on...!
text: He LAYS on the gas, Sarah holding onto Leo and the baby
dialog: for dear life.
speaker_heading: OMIT 281A
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 285
scene_heading: NEW YORK CITY - DAY 285A
text: Stuart walks calmly along the street in a suit and tie.
text: People run past, cars JAMMED bumper to bumper in the street,
text: HONKING, trying desperately to get out of the city. But
text: Stuart's calm, relaxed. Finds a --
text: Curbside Starbucks coffee cart, umbrella, it's deserted.
text: Makes himself a cup of espresso. The portable TV on the
text: cart now only STATIC. Grabs a New York Times from an
text: abandoned news stand. The NY tabloids hanging from it's
text: sides scream "COMET TO CITY: DROP DEAD!" And "THE FAT
dialog: LADY SINGS!", the Times simply states, "Wolf, Biederman
dialog: Impact Imminent" and in smaller type, "Scientists Disagree
dialog: On Extent Of Destruction".
text: He walks through the chaos and out into Washington Square
text: among the pigeons. Sits on the steps near the Arch, sets
text: his coffee to one side, lights a cigarette, opens his paper.
speaker_heading: OMIT 285B
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: 285C
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HATTERAS - DAY 286
text: The comet is coming to ground. Forest and fields on shore
text: IGNITE, the ocean BOILS as the comet SPLASHES into the sea
text: a few miles off the coast.
text: The white hot tip of the comet breaks the surface. The
text: hole in the ocean begins to spread. Merges with the earth,
text: and FROM ABOVE, the circle of the impact spreads. On
text: shore, the earth RIPPLES away in harmony with the water.
text: And then the shock wave catches up with the fires, BLOWING
text: them out as it KNOCKS the forests flat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 286
speaker_heading: 287
speaker_heading: 287A
dialog: 288
speaker_heading: 289
dialog: 290
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 290D
speaker_heading: 290E
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 286
text: Farms and towns are thrown into the air, then roads and cars
text: SHOCKED into vapor by the impact. The ocean wave begins to
text: form, TOWERING above. WE'RE MOVING fast... Down the East
dialog: Coast ... Faster than the speed of sound... Cities
text: COLLAPSE, forests, bridges. Everything in its path.
speaker_heading: OMIT 287
scene_heading: VIRGINIA COUNTRYSIDE - DAY 287A
text: Jenny drives down the deserted country road, heading east,
text: when SUDDENLY the ground RIPPLES towards her, as if the
text: highway were a rug and God was shaking out the dust. Trees
text: FALL, telephone poles SNAP. The car FLIES over the sudden
text: three foot speed bump. SLAMS back to the road, with a
text: metal GRINDING THUMP, Jenny keeps going.
scene_heading: COUNTRY ROAD - DAY 288
text: Leo and Sarah. The RIPPLING earth catches up to them from
text: behind, moving fast. Sarah sees, SCREAMS to Leo.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh God...!
text: It catches them. The motorcycle JUMPS, bounces up over
text: the rolling ground. They land HARD, Leo struggles to keep
text: the bike upright, Sarah clutching the bundled Baby.
speaker_heading: OCEAN - DAY 289
text: The wave is a thousand feet high and moves across the ocean
text: in a line that stretches past the horizon. OIL RIGS are
dialog: simply swallowed whole.
speaker_heading: OMIT 290
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 290D
scene_heading: EXT. OLD BEACH COLONY - DAY 290E
text: Jenny arrives at the beach colony, with beautiful weathered
text: old ramshackle cottages behind fences on the dunes. She
text: has the photographs that Jason gave her at MSNBC.
text: She has found the cottage in the background.
text: Ahead of her, through a break in the houses, a path to the
text: sea. A dog barks. The birds wheel overhead. She walks to
text: the sand. She takes off her shoes. She's carrying a bag
text: and she flings it away.
text: No more than a hundred or so people are on the beach,
text: families, old people, children, and dogs. A little girl has
text: a cockatiel in a birdcage. She lets it go. The bird flies
text: away. There's a boy in a wheelchair. His parents set him
text: on the sand, near the water's edge. Couples are kissing,
text: families are hugging each other. A man alone plays frisbee
text: with his black lab.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128A.
speaker_heading: 290E CONTINUED: 290E
text: Someone is playing the guitar.
text: There's Jason, standing alone, looking out at the sea. He
text: comes to her.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Jenny...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: When I was eleven, I stole money
dialog: from your wallet.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: When you were a baby, I dropped you
dialog: on your head.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: When you came to the studio, and you
dialog: showed me the pictures, I lied when I
dialog: told you that I didn't remember. I
dialog: was so mad at you, because I
dialog: remembered everything. I remember
dialog: the day, it was a perfect happy day.
dialog: We were right over here... We were
dialog: all alone on the beach, and Mom was
dialog: really upset because she'd left her
dialog: tripod in the house. I'm here
dialog: because I wanted you to know.
text: They walk to the water's edge.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Thank you. I miss her, too.
text: Jenny stares at her Father.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish I could make up all that
dialog: lost time for you.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (no irony, she means
dialog: this)
dialog: We have the rest of our lives.
text: And then a terrible sound, not the wave, something else:
text: The sky is filled with SQUAWKING sea birds flying inland, a
text: dense cloud of gulls, terns, and pelicans. Everyone on the
text: beach begins to join hands in a line at the water's edge,
text: gently, without the need to talk. The DOGS run away from
text: them, away from the water.
text: And then the sea before them is SUCKED away in a massive rip
text: tide, exposing fish and an old wreck. Something foams on the
dialog: horizon. Here it comes. Imagine the Santa Monica mountains
dialog: rolling toward you, faster than the speed of sound.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 128B.
speaker_heading: 290E CONTINUED: (2) 290
text: Jenny grabs her father.
speaker_heading: JENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Daddeeee!
text: Father holds daughter. The sound is DEAFENING. And they're
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: 290F OMIT 290F
speaker_heading: 129A.
speaker_heading: 290G OMIT 290G
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 291
speaker_heading: 291A
dialog: 292
speaker_heading: 292A
speaker_heading: 292B
speaker_heading: 292C
speaker_heading: 292D
speaker_heading: 292E
speaker_heading: 292F
speaker_heading: 292G
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: FREEWAY - DAY
text: The wave sweeps down the freeway, gathering thousands of
text: cars in its foam. The Hotchners wait, holding each other.
text: Vicky looks up at her husband, smiles. And they disappear
text: as the tidal wave sucks up fifty thousand cars.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK HARBOR - DAY
text: Two F-16's SCREAM into view, towards the Manhattan skyline.
text: They close in on the STATUE OF LIBERTY. They veer off in
text: opposite directions as the GIANT WAVE enters frame and the
text: sky starts to darken.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN SKYLINE - DAY
text: The wave sweeps over lower Manhattan, around and between
text: and over the twin towers of the World Trade Center.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER MANHATTAN - DAY
text: It tears through Soho.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - DAY
text: From Times Square, you can see it coming up Broadway and
dialog: Seventh Avenue.
scene_heading: WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY
text: The rushing crowds around Stuart, stop. Climb out of their
text: cars, look eastward. A tremendous NOISE. Stuart looks up
text: from his paper. Takes a final deep drag of his cigarette,
text: and he's gone.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRYSLER BUILDING - DAY
text: Looking up at the Chrysler building we see an ocean liner
text: tossed by the wave into the skyscraper's top floors.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPIRE STATE BUILDING - DAY
text: FROM ABOVE: looking down at the Empire State Building as
text: the wave surges through mid-town.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK UNDERWATER - DAY
text: FROM BELOW: As the Statue of Liberty floats face down above
dialog: the drowned city.
speaker_heading: 291
speaker_heading: 291
dialog: 292
speaker_heading: 192A
speaker_heading: 292B
speaker_heading: 292C
speaker_heading: 292D
speaker_heading: 292E
speaker_heading: 292F
speaker_heading: 292G
speaker_heading: 130A.
scene_heading: 292H EXT. WORLD TRADE CENTER - DAY 292H
speaker_heading: 293
dialog: 294
text: FROM THE SURFACE OF THE WATER: the wave has passed, leaving
text: one tower of the World Trade Center leaning against the
text: other, water draining from the shattered windows.
speaker_heading: OMIT 293
scene_heading: VIRGINIA HILLS - DAY 294
text: Leo and Sarah ROAR over a hill to see a mountain road rising
text: above, traffic JAMMED all the way up. Sedans have tried to
text: negotiate the shoulder and gotten stuck. There's nowhere to
text: go. Leo idles for a moment. Looks around desperately,
text: Steve McQueen in The Great Escape. Behind them, in the far
text: distance, something is COMING. He REVS the engine.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Hold on!
text: FLIES off into the brush, looking for a trail, anything.
text: The bushes and branches SLAP at their faces, SCRATCH and
speaker_heading: TEAR.
text: A deer trail. Not much but they'll take it. It's steep,
dialog: not meant for motorcycles. The wrong move and they'll FLY
text: off into the woods. Dirt SAILS off the tires as they SKID
text: and SLAM over branches and decomposing leaves.
text: They come around a bend, a huge TREE down ahead. Leo brakes
text: to try to stop, but the bike SKIDS underneath them. They go
text: down. Leo and Sarah falling, SLIDING behind it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 294
dialog: 295
dialog: 296
speaker_heading: 297
speaker_heading: 298
speaker_heading: 298A
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 294
text: The cycle SMASHES into the tree, SLAMS up and over it ina
text: twisting somersault of metal and paint.
text: And suddenly, it's silent. Leo sits up, clothes torn,
text: covered in mud and dirt. Crawls back to Sarah.
speaker_heading: LEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Sarah...? Sarah...?!
text: She's a few feet behind him, face scrapped, more concerned
text: about the baby still strapped to her chest.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I think he's okay...
text: CRYING like hell, but alright. Leo pulls her up.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: We have to keep going, can you
dialog: run?
text: She nods. He drags her behind him over the tree, the bike
text: a mangled mess, the back wheel still spinning.
scene_heading: THE WAVE - DAY 295
text: It covers the countryside, the crest of the beast eating
text: everything in its way, devouring entire states.
scene_heading: FOREST - DAY 296
text: Leo and Sarah running. People behind them, above them.
scene_heading: THE WAVE - DAY 297
text: It reaches the base of the hills. An immense force, the
text: water piling up on the mountain as easily as water ina
text: bathtub surges over the side if you give it a push.
speaker_heading: EXT SPACE 298
text: The United States coastline has changed. Cape Cod is gone.-
dialog: New York City and Long Island. No Chesapeake Bay. No
text: Carolinas or Florida. The ocean reaches inland from the
dialog: White Mountains of New Hampshire to the Poconos, to the Blue
dialog: Ridge Mountains and the Appalachians.
speaker_heading: INT MESSIAH 298A
text: The bombs are strapped to the cabin table, their LEDs
text: blinking 0:00:20. Ready to be started.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: We're at perigee. Wolf contact in
text: three minutes, forty-five seconds.
text: Wolf dead ahead, heading for earth.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: 298A CONTINUED: 298A
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We'll never be closer to home then
dialog: we are right now.
text: They watch the earth below them.
speaker_heading: HEFTER (ON COM)
dialog: Messiah, we've got some people down
dialog: here who want to talk to you...
scene_heading: 299 MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY 299
text: Leo and Sarah CRASH out of the woods onto the road, out of
dialog: breath. HEAR the thing behind them. Look back --
text: White foam, DEAFENING noise, planes overhead. People run
text: out of the forest, the water rising behind them, ROARING
text: up out of the woods. The Atlantic Ocean now two hundred
dialog: miles west of where it was this morning.
scene_heading: 300 JOHNSON SPACE CENTER - DAY 300
text: The families of the astronauts, monitors set up in front
text: of them, Simon's scratchy image. His fiancee, Wendy,
dialog: crying.
speaker_heading: SIMON (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Wendy, if you let this ruin your
dialog: life, I'm going to come back to
dialog: haunt you.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Please, come back and haunt me.
scene_heading: 301 ON THE MESSIAH 301
text: It's Baker's turn, her husband and two daughters.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Take care of Daddy for me, okay?
dialog: (the little girls nod)
dialog: David, you know what I want to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: DAVID BAKER (ON MONITOR)
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: 302 JOHNSON SPACE CENTER - DAY 302
text: Next up is Tulchinsky. He starts in English, switches to
text: Russian and then a SIMULTANEOUS TRANSLATOR takes over.
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY (ON MONITOR)
dialog: I was in love with three women in
dialog: my life. You know who you are.
dialog: (in Russian, translated)
dialog: I was stupid, I couldn't decide.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 302
speaker_heading: 303
dialog: 304
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 302
speaker_heading: TULCHINSKY (ON MONITOR) (CONT'D)
dialog: Each of you is beautiful and unique
dialog: and I didn't want to give that up.
dialog: But I loved you, don't ever doubt
dialog: that, I loved you all...
scene_heading: MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY 303
text: Leo and Sarah are trying to make it to higher ground but
text: the wave CRESTS over the road. CATCHES them.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Sarah!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Leo!
text: LIFTS them up as they're carried by the water, TURNED and
text: TOSSED, ROLLED and BUMPED together.
speaker_heading: THE MESSIAH 304
text: Wolf looms very large, dead ahead. Tulchinsky helps Monash
text: get in place for the camera. Baker's counting down.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Wolf contact in two minutes, thirty
dialog: seconds.
text: Hefter's face appears in the Houston monitor, distressed.
speaker_heading: HEFTER (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Oren, Mariette was up at your folks
dialog: place in Utah, we sent a plane for
text: her, but she isn't here yet.
text: The other's watch Monash's face. The clock's down to 2:14.
speaker_heading: HEFTER
dialog: And Fish, your sons are both on
dialog: active duty, we couldn't get them
dialog: back here in time. I'm sorry. We
dialog: tried. Spurgeon, I was wrong.
dialog: You were the best man for the job.
text: Tanner nods, not surprised.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Mitch? I want to say good-bye to
dialog: Mary. I want to tell her I love
dialog: her, and that, ever since we've
dialog: been apart, every day, I think
dialog: about her.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'm coming home, Mary.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 304
dialog: 305
dialog: 306
dialog: 307
dialog: 308
speaker_heading: 309
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 304
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: Coming up on target 126 miles,
dialog: RDOT .3, 1 degree X, 15 degrees
dialog: Yous
text: Tanner looks away from the monitor, takes the controls.
speaker_heading: BAKER (CONT'D)
dialog: 115 miles, .3, 2 degrees X, 13
dialog: Yous
speaker_heading: SPACE 305
text: Wolf rolls slowly, the vent clearly ahead of them. The
text: Messiah heads into the mass of coma and rocks.
scene_heading: JOHNSON SPACE CENTER - DAY 306
text: Mariette, with the baby, runs into the building, military
text: escorts struggling to keep up.
speaker_heading: MARIETTE
dialog: Wait...oh god...wait...!
speaker_heading: WOLF 307
text: The comet is nearing the earth's atmosphere.
speaker_heading: THE MESSIAH 308
text: They're BANGING around, the worst, downhill four-wheel
dialog: drive off road experience you can imagine. Tanner tries
dialog: to hold it on target.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: 76 miles. Wolf impact in forty-
dialog: five seconds...
speaker_heading: MARIETTE (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Oren?... Oren, are you there?!
text: Monash turns to his wife's voice. Her picture breaking up
text: as they FIGHT their way through the dense coma.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Mariette? I'm here, I can hear
dialog: you.
scene_heading: JOHNSON SPACE CENTER - DAY 309
text: The terrifyingly jumpy interior of the ship and Monash on
text: the static filled monitor. Mariette holds up their child.
speaker_heading: MARIETTE
dialog: Baby... This is your father.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 309
speaker_heading: 134A-134B.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 309
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Mariette!
speaker_heading: MARIETTE
dialog: His name is Oren, I named him after
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: OREN JR.
dialog: Dadda!
speaker_heading: HONASH
dialog: Oren.
text: Oren Jr. holds up to the camera a rocket toy he has been
text: clutching.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 310
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: THE MESSIAH 310
text: We see the image of the baby and the rocket on the Messiah's
dialog: monitor.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: OREN JR.
dialog: Look!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (helping out Monash)
text: He's holding up a little rocket.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: Oh, what a powerful rocket you
dialog: have.
text: The Baby coos and giggles.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: He's laughing.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: I can hear him. Mariette...
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: In 40 miles...25 seconds...
text: She keeps counting. Tanner yells back to Tulchinsky.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Prepare to synchronize the nukes.
speaker_heading: MONASH
dialog: ...I'm hugging you both right now...
dialog: I'm holding you...
speaker_heading: MARIETTE
dialog: We're holding you!
text: Tulchinsky has a makeshift button, wires run from it to
text: the nukes. 0:00:20 frozen on their LEDs.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: +23...22...21...20...
text: Tulchinsky hits the button and the nukes begin to count
text: down in perfect unison...19...18...
speaker_heading: BAKER (CONT'D)
dialog: It's been a pleasure serving with
dialog: you, Commander.
text: Tanner doesn't take his eyes off the vent.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 135A.
speaker_heading: 310 CONTINUED: 310
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: The honor's all mine, Andy...
speaker_heading: MARIETTE
dialog: We love you, Oren...
scene_heading: 311 JOHNSON SPACE CENTER - DAY 311
dialog: Mariette's crying, hell, everybody's crying. Monash's
text: face, his hand touching the camera. And then, he's gone.
text: The monitor suddenly filled with STATIC. The baby leans
text: forward trying to touch the screen, mystified.
speaker_heading: BABY
dialog: ...dada...?
dialog: 312
dialog: 313
dialog: 136.
scene_heading: THE COMET AND THE MESSIAH 312
text: Wolf begins heating up as the Messiah ROARS into the vent,
dialog: swallowed whole:
text: Nothing. Didn't it work? And then, a BLINDING light SHOOTS
text: out... and BOOM. Everything goes WHITE.
speaker_heading: THE HILLSIDE 313
text: Leo and Sarah sit up in the middle of the flooded road.
text: The water draining away as the wave recedes. Sarah still
text: has the CRYING baby in her arms.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: ...look...
text: THE SKY: overhead, far away, Wolf and a brilliant light
text: followed by a massive rolling wave of THUNDER that shakes
text: the earth. They walk to the edge of the road, look out
text: over the valley, the ocean slowly receding below.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's going away.
text: And then all the pieces from the explosion begin HITTING
dialog: the atmosphere. The greatest meteor shower in history,
text: FIREWORKS in the day brighter than at night. The entire
text: sky filled with color and light, STREAKING, BURNING.
text: Leo can't speak. Sarah holds Leo, the baby. The baby
text: stares at the sky, the ocean, mesmerized. Begins to
text: LAUGH...
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
