speaker_heading: DEJA VU
dialog: written by
dialog: Bill Marsilii & Terry Rossio
speaker_heading: FIRST DRAFT
dialog: May 17, 2004
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: A CHILD'S DOLL, FLOATING FACE DOWN
text: in dark green water. It bobs there, limbs splayed, hair
text: waving in easy ripples.
text: Around the doll, REFLECTIONS in the water: people walking
text: along a pier, blue skies on a sunny day ...
text: RISE UP TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: EXT. ORIENT POINT FERRY DOCK - DAY
text: Fourth of July weekend. The dock crammed with PEOPLE AND
text: VEHICLES -- rows of cars, RV's and trucks in line to board
text: the Sea Bride, a huge PASSENGER FERRY.
text: It's clearly the Fourth: flags tied to cars and strollers,
text: ice cream and picnic baskets, scores of FAMILIES with cameras
text: around their necks and kids in tow.
text: A young girl, JANICE, looks down over the railing.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Mommy, I lost my doll ...
text: The young girl's mother, BETH, pulls her away from the rail --
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Don't worry, baby, we'll get you
dialog: another one.
text: FERRY WORKERS wave a military transport vehicle into the car
text: deck through an open BOW DOOR. Other cars follow --
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY — FORWARD SUN DECK - DAY
text: A group of ELDERLY VETERANS with potbellies and thick glasses
text: greet several YOUNGER, LONG-HAIRED VETS with hugs and
text: backslaps. A sign reads:
scene_heading: HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY!
scene_heading: ORIENT POINT V.F.W., POST 7447
scene_heading: DEFENDING OUR COUNTRY, SERVING OUR COMMUNITY.
text: Behind them, the sun deck fills with holiday passengers.
text: KINDERGARTNERS crowd the rail with their harried TEACHER,
text: eager kids on a summer field trip.
scene_heading: INT. FERRY - BRIDGE - DAY
text: The weatherworn FERRY CAPTAIN scans the harbor with cautious
text: eyes. Behind him, the PILOT glances at the ship's clock.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Five minutes past the hour, sir.
dialog: 2.
text: The Captain nods. The Pilot SOUNDS THE HORN, throttles up --
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND SOUND - DAY
text: The Sea Bride cuts a wide wake as it churns past the Orient
dialog: Point Lighthouse.
text: As the ferry passes, we might notice a LONE FIGURE at the
text: base of the lighthouse, watching the ship as it departs ...
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND SOUND - DAY
text: Well underway, the ferry passes a COAST GUARD CUTTER. The
text: cutter's crew waves to the holiday crowd; ferry passengers
text: wave back. A FANFARE STRIKES --
scene_heading: EXT. SUN DECK - DAY
text: A NAVY BAND -- two dozen sailors in dress whites -- plays a
text: John Philip Sousa tune for the passengers. Above them hangs a
text: banner, ‘WELCOME SUBASE NEW LONDON FAMILIES!'
text: Nearby, a MAN IN A WHEELCHAIR sits next to a KID INA
text: STROLLER, both of them asleep.
text: The young mother, Beth, hoists Janice up on her shoulders for
text: a better look at the band. Janice laughs, delighted, the lost
dialog: doll forgotten -—-
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT DECK - DAY
text: FILLED WITH PEOPLE -- reading, playing cards, scolding their
text: kids, eating hot dogs.
scene_heading: INT. CAR DECK — DAY
text: Over a hundred vehicles parked end-to-end, on two levels
text: along the hull and down four center lanes. A FERRY WORKER
text: leans against a school bus, catching a smoke on the sly.
dialog: All's quiet down here.
text: Then, from somewhere forward, a CAR RADIO starts --
speaker_heading: RADIO DEEJAY (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: It's ten forty-eight on Endless Summer
dialog: Sunday ... now let's go back in time
dialog: to 1964 and the Beach Boys! On Long
dialog: Island's 98 FM!!
text: The opening chords of the Beach Boys' 'Don't Worry, Baby'
text: echo in the chamber, sounding almost ghostly.
text: The Ferry Worker looks annoyed -- some idiot is going to have
text: a dead battery. He walks toward the sound ...
dialog: 3.
text: A WHITE FORD EXPLORER sits parked on the second level hull
text: ramp, its RADIO BLARING as the worker approaches.
speaker_heading: THE BEACH BOYS (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Well, it's been building up inside of
dialog: me for, oh I don't know how long ...
dialog: I don't know why, but I keep thinkin’
dialog: Somethin's bound to go wrong ...
text: The Worker cups his hands over his eyes, peers into the
dialog: passenger window -- that's weird --
dialog: No keys in the igni ti one
text: He walks around the back, checks the license number, frowns -—-
text: The plate's been removed.
text: Weirder. He glances in through the back window --
text: FOUR ORANGE BARRELS inside. He ponders that for a moment.
dialog: Because a moment is all he has ...
speaker_heading: THE BEACH BOYS (V.O.)
dialog: But she looks in my eyes ... and makes
dialog: me re-a-lize when she says --
text: THE EXPLOSION tears through him so fast we don't even see
text: pieces, just WHITE DEATH BLASTING OUT IN ALL DIRECTIONS --
scene_heading: EXT. SUN DECK - DAY
text: The FLOOR ERUPTS UNDER THE CROWD, obliterating the band, the
text: passengers, Beth and Janice on her shoulders, everyone --
scene_heading: INT. CAR DECK — DAY
text: The blast punches through the hull like a shotgun charge,
text: BLOWING THE FORWARD CAR RAMP CLEAR OFF ITS HYDRAULICS and out
text: over the Sound. The gaping bow is open to RUSHING SEAWATER --
text: BURNING CARS are swamped by the sudden tide -- THE CAR DECK
dialog: IS FLOODED IN SECONDS --
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND SOUND - DAY
text: The entire ship lurches downward, the ship's prow digging
text: into the blue waters as her main fuel tanks rupture --
text: -- AND THE ENTIRE FERRY, ALL FOUR STORIES OF HER, IS BLASTED
text: APART IN A CATACLYSMIC EXPLOSION. Huge chunks of hull,
text: flaming deck panels, a thousand ragged fragments scatter over
text: the water in a sudden apocalypse.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - DAY
text: Dust floats down through the water, followed by debris, then
text: a car ... two cars, twelve cars, more ... the SONG still
text: playing eerily as they pass ...
speaker_heading: THE BEACH BOYS (V.0O.)
dialog: Don't worry, baby ... Don't worry,
dialog: baby ... Everything will turn out all
dialog: right ...
text: More wreckage sinks, falling past us, a nightmare, until the
text: water turns black ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DISASTER RECOVERY SITE - DAY
text: Rain pours down. Frenzy and hysteria -- BODIES on stretchers
text: are carried from the Coast Guard cutter. RED CROSS and EMS
text: CRISIS TEAMS swarm the pier. NEWS CREWS dodge ambulance
dialog: trucks --
text: SHRIEKING LOCALS push forward, begging CROWD CONTROL POLICE
dialog: for information --
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: -- we don't know yet, ma'am, please,
dialog: we don't know --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: My daughter's on that ferry, oh God my
dialog: daughter! --
speaker_heading: CRYING MAN
dialog: Just let us ask, maybe they're here,
dialog: Maybe someone saw them --
text: PARAMEDICS pass by, revealing --
text: SPECIAL AGENT DOUG CARLIN standing next to a black sedan,
text: motionless amid the chaos, indifferent to the rain. Mid-—
text: thirties, a cold intelligence, Doug's eyes miss nothing:
text: TWO POLICE DOGS, led by detectives, sniff at a broken,
dialog: scorched life-preserver --
text: Doug's eyes shift.
text: AMBULANCE WORKERS stand ready, but with nothing to do,
dialog: helpless --
text: Doug registers this, eyes moving on.
text: A pair of COAST GUARD CREWMEN try to console a group of NAVY
text: CADETS, several of whom are in tears.
text: Doug looks past the Cadets -- near the dock, a SHELL-SHOCKED
text: WOMAN is standing alone, locking lost as the chaos swirls
text: around her.
text: Doug notices -- a WHITE SATELLITE VAN creeps along, comes to
text: a stop. It's marked BROOKHAVEN NATIONAL LABORATORY.
dialog: Doug frowns --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: Agent Minuti!
text: Doug turns. Another agent, ANDREW PRYZWARRA, stands there,
text: notebook over his head against the rain.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you Larry Minuti?
text: He steps toward Doug, smiling.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: No. Larry is my partner.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
text: Andy Pryzwarra, New York Field Office.
dialog: Where’s Larry?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: On vacation for the Fourth.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
text: Not anymore. The Bureau's calling back
dialog: half the eastern seaboard on this one.
dialog: I'm sorry, your name?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Doug Carlin.
text: Pryzwarra's smile fades.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Ah. Carlin, right. Evidence recovery.
dialog: We need you back at the field office,
dialog: and your partner if you can find him.
text: Doug nods, continues scanning the area. Pryzwarra looks out.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Quite a scene, huh? What are you
dialog: looking for?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Anything that doesn't belong.
text: Pryzwarra registers the rebuff. He looks out -- nearby, the
text: shell-shocked Woman is still standing alone, crying in the
text: rain. Pryzwarra starts to move toward her:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Miss? Are you --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Don't.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I'm just -- I was going to get her a
dialog: blanket or something.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Each of these people is a piece of
dialog: evidence. And we don't touch evidence.
text: Doug resumes his surveillance. Pryzwarra watches him.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Damn, that's cold.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It's not our job to care about these
dialog: people. It's our job to catch the one
dialog: who did this.
text: The sudden muffled sound of a CELL PHONE. Both men turn --
text: They're standing near a LINE OF BODIES laid out by
text: paramedics. The cell phone RINGS AGAIN, inside one of the
text: body bags. Never to be answered.
text: Doug stares at it. Then he turns away, back toward his car.
text: Pryzwarra stares at the body bag, cell phone still RINGING.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Jesus.
text: DOUG'S SEDAN moves through the crime scene, passes by -—-
text: A LARGE MAN in jeans and T-shirt stands at the open door of
text: the white Brookhaven van. He juggles a backpack, cell phone,
text: and umbrella. His name is GUNNARS.
text: Gunnars opens his umbrella. Then extracts an odd-looking pair
text: of high-tech night-vision style goggles from his backpack.
text: Gunnars puts them on, scans the area, looking this way and
text: that, like some giant bug-eyed fish on land. He comes close
text: to CAMERA, talking into his cell phone, speaking low --
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
text: Nope. Empty. Totally empty.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't see a soul ...
text: He moves off ... and past him, of course, are cars, trucks,
text: emergency workers yelling, victims' family members crying ...
dialog: +e. the place is full of people.
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Doug moves along amid a swirl of activity: ringing phones,
text: ANALYSTS and ASSISTANTS rushing between desks, the frenzy of
text: a crime unit in the wake of a national disaster.
text: Doug's assistant, DONNELLY, falls in step alongside him.
speaker_heading: DOUG,
dialog: Has Minuti called in yet?
speaker_heading: DONNELLY
text: He's not answering his cell, we left
dialog: him a message at home --
text: Doug is already dialing his own cell phone. Donnelly hands
dialog: him something:
speaker_heading: DONNELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: -- and here's yours from last night.
dialog: Say, did that girl ever get ahold of
dialog: you? She sounded cute.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What girl?
speaker_heading: DONNELLY
dialog: (a beat, then he laughs)
dialog: Right, right ...
text: Donnelly walks away, smiling. Doug glances at the message --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Whose number -- What is this, a candy
dialog: wrapper? Donnelly!
speaker_heading: RECORDING (V.0.)
dialog: (from Doug's phone)
dialog: ‘This is Larry Minuti. I can't come to
dialog: the phone now -- ''
text: A SECRETARY waves from her desk:
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Doug! Suffolk County on Line One, they
text: pulled a body out of the water and
dialog: want you to coordinate a profile!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Already ...
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Take a message, Kathy!
dialog: (the phone beeps)
dialog: Larry, it's Doug! Vacation's over,
dialog: buddy. Get your ass in here, there's
dialog: work to do.
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICE - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: Special Agent in Charge (SAC) JACK McCREADY, seated
text: at a crowded conference table. An imposing man, he reads from
text: loose pages, tough words coming from a gentle face --
speaker_heading: McCREADY
dialog: At approximately 10:50 this morning,
dialog: the passenger ferry Sea Bride exploded
dialog: in the waters of Long Island Sound,
dialog: seven miles southwest of New London,
dialog: Connecticut. Early estimates place the
dialog: number of casualties at eight hundred
dialog: and forty-three men, women and
dialog: children.
text: Shock and anger from those present. Doug enters at the back,
text: unnoticed and unimportant. Standing room only, he looks over
text: the shoulders of two taller agents to see --
speaker_heading: McCREADY
dialog: Men, ladies -- this happened on July
text: Fourth. The Sea Bride was carrying
dialog: servicemen and their families to a
dialog: special event at Groton Sub Base. We
dialog: consider this a deliberate act of
dialog: terrorism against the United States
dialog: Navy. The President concurs with our
dialog: assessment.
text: McCready shuffles to a new piece of paper -—-
speaker_heading: McCREADY
dialog: Uh, I'm also told that someone
dialog: claiming to be a Federal Agent stole
text: an ambulance out of Brookhaven Medical
dialog: last night. So whoever took it, just
dialog: leave the keys on my desk, and
dialog: there'll be no questions asked.
dialog: Polite laughter from the room. Nice try, boss.
speaker_heading: McCREADY
dialog: Folks, this is a perfect act of
dialog: terrorism. There were no baggage
dialog: checks, no flight data recorders,
dialog: maximum casualties, and all the
text: evidence is under 90 feet of seawater.
dialog: Don't overlook anything.
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICE - LATER
text: Doug is at his desk rushing through a phone message, candy
dialog: wrapper in hand:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: This is Special Agent Doug Carlin
dialog: returning your call, the number here
dialog: is 516-753-0130 --
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Doug! Suffolk County on Line One
dialog: again. They still need a profile for
dialog: that floater --
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: They don't need a profile, just have
dialog: ‘em bag it and -- shit, never mind --
dialog: (he punches the line)
dialog: Sheriff Reed?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (V.0.)
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: Agent Carlin, I know you've got your
dialog: hands full right now...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That's okay, tell me what you have.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (V.0.)
text: Couple of kids found a woman face down
dialog: in the water off Plum Island -- she's
dialog: got burns over 80 percent of her body,
dialog: just totally black --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You're gonna see a lot of that over
dialog: the next few weeks, Sheriff. We're
dialog: still setting up an E.c.c. Just have
dialog: Crime Scene bag it for us and --
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (V.0.)
text: Already done. Body's on its way to the
dialog: M.E. right now.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It's on its -- ?
dialog: (what? wait a minute ...)
dialog: Crime Scene's already been there?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (V.0.)
dialog: Been and gone.
text: And now Doug gives this his full attention, because something
dialog: is definitely not right:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Sheriff ... exactly what time did this
dialog: woman wash up on shore?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (V.0.)
dialog: Kids called it in at ... Ten forty-two
dialog: a.m.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You mean eleven forty-two.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (V.0.)
dialog: No, ten forty-two. Got the sheet right
dialog: in front of me, and got my reading
text: glasses on, too.
text: Doug ponders that for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Which M.E.?
scene_heading: INT. SUFFOLK COUNTY MEDICAL - AUTOPSY ROOM - DAY
text: Sterile, metal, white. The MEDICAL EXAMINER leans over an
text: autopsy table, eyes closed, almost in prayer. He whispers to
dialog: the form under the sheet:
dialog: M.E.
dialog: My name is Doctor Philip Vavala.
dialog: Tell me.
text: That ritual observed, he gently pulls the sheet away --
text: -- revealing the CHARRED BLUE BODY of a young WOMAN, wearing
text: what used to be a pretty summer dress. She stares up at us -—-
text: cold, angelic, dead.
text: Doug stares at her, standing a few feet back. The M.E.
text: gestures him closer, as if to say, 'come take a look.'
text: Doug moves to the woman's side -- suddenly she turns to look
text: straight into his eyes. The M.E. has rolled her head to one
dialog: side.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: M.E. (CONT'D)
dialog: (into a hanging mike)
text: This is the body of an adult female,
text: Caucasian, in her late twenties or
text: early thirties. Weight of the body is
dialog: 78 pounds resident, 64 inches in
dialog: length ...
text: Doug stares at the dead woman's face, entranced.
text: Her eyes are lifeless, skin pallid, lips bluer than ice.
dialog: Under the circumstances she can't possibly be beautiful --
dialog: but she once was. The kind of beauty that grows on you.
speaker_heading: M.E. (CONT'D)
text: Immediately evident is heavy focal
text: charring of the limbs and torso;
text: anterior chest, face and neck are
text: intact though swollen from apparent
text: immersion in seawater.
text: The M.E. glances along the woman's arm, down to her hands.
text: Frowns. Picks up a Polaroid camera. Indicates to Doug --
speaker_heading: M.E. (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you hold that up for me please?
text: Doug blinks -- who, me? He gingerly takes the woman's
text: blackened hand, lifts it off the table.
text: As the M.E. aims the camera, Doug looks down at the hand
dialog: resting in his own:
text: All five fingers have been sheared away, leaving ragged
text: stumps.
text: Doug looks away. Several FLASHES as the M.E. snaps photos.
speaker_heading: M.E. (CONT'D)
dialog: Each digit of the left hand has been
text: severed between the middle and distal
dialog: phalanges -- angle of shearing
text: indicates a single sharp force trauma,
text: possibly caused by shrapnel ...
text: Doug looks back to the woman's face. He notices a SINGLE BLUE
text: PEARL EARRING in one ear. He glances at her other ear --
text: pierced but empty.
speaker_heading: M.E. (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: «e+ posterior charring gives off a
text: strong diesel odor, suggesting
text: perimortem immersion in burning fuel.
dialog: 12.
text: An odd, hypnotic look comes over Doug -- almost as if he
text: knows her. He brings his hand up to the Woman's face ...
text: until the tips of his fingers rest softly on her lips.
dialog: M.E.
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Doug doesn't seem to hear. He brings his fingers off the
text: woman's mouth -- her lips stick lightly to his fingertips.
speaker_heading: M.E. (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Do you have a UV gun?
dialog: M.E.
dialog: Second shelf behind you.
text: Doug goes to the shelf. Intrigued now, the M.E. moves to the
text: head of the table, turns off the overhead lamp.
text: Doug brings a hand-held ULTRAVIOLET GUN to the table. Aims it
text: at the woman's face, pulls the trigger --
text: -- illuminating a WIDE BAND OF CHEMICAL RESIDUE across her
text: mouth and cheeks, glowing like yellow neon. The shape is a
text: perfect rectangle.
speaker_heading: M.E. (CONT'D)
dialog: Duct tape ...
text: Doug nods. They stare at the dead girl's mouth.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What's that stippling ... see that?
text: He points: within the band of tape residue, numerous TRACE
text: PARTICLES stand out under the light like tiny stars. The M.E.
text: brings the magnifying lamp over, leans in for a closer look --
dialog: M.E.
dialog: Adhesive probably retained some
dialog: substance against the seawater --
text: The woman's eyes suddenly sparkle; light spills across the
text: body from an OPEN DOOR. A LOCAL COP steps in --
speaker_heading: LOCAL COP
dialog: We may have a name. Missing Persons
dialog: has a 'Claire Kuchever' reported
dialog: missing this morning, when she didn't
text: pick up her parents at JFK. The
text: report's being faxed.
text: Doug nods. Turns back to the body.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Claire ...?
dialog: No answer, of course.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Doctor, I want you to perform a full
dialog: autopsy. Pretend you never heard about
dialog: a ferry explosion -- concentrate on
dialog: time and cause, full spread of lab
dialog: tests, everything.
dialog: M.E.
dialog: Absolutely.
text: Doug picks up the Polaroid camera, centers it on the woman's
text: face. He hesitates, looks at her almost apologetically ...
text: Then aims the camera again, holds it there. A FLASH --
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - EVENING
text: Wood porch, nice lawn, mailbox by the fence. The rain has
text: become a constant drizzle, a grey tarp over the scene.
text: Doug sits in his car, looking out at the house, reluctant.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: A SHRIEK of pure grief. CLAIRE'S MOTHER is crying
text: hysterically; CLAIRE'S FATHER rocks and hushes her, weeping
text: himself. They cling to each other on the couch.
text: On the coffee table in front of them rests the Polaroid photo
text: of their daughter, dead on an autopsy table.
text: Doug picks up the photograph, waits quietly as Claire's
text: parents try to cope.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER
dialog: OH GOD! I was so mean to her on the
dialog: phone! Oh Claire! I'm sor-ry ...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S FATHER
dialog: No-no-no, shh, shhhh ...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER
dialog: It can't be. It can't. It can't ...
text: Doug looks away, uncomfortable, focusing on the decor. His
text: gaze comes to rest on several framed photographs on the
text: Mantle. He notices one in particular --
text: A PHOTO of a young woman: CLAIRE KUCHEVER. Pretty hair, a
dialog: beautiful smile. The kind of beauty that grows on you.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S FATHER
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: The ferry disaster. She was on the
dialog: ferry. Oh, God.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We don't know yet, sir. But anything
dialog: you can tell me about your daughter's
dialog: activities this weekend will help.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S FATHER
dialog: (barely hanging on)
dialog: I don't know, she -- she was supposed
dialog: to meet us this morning, we've been
dialog: away all week -- when her car was
dialog: gone, we thought maybe she sold it --
dialog: she'd been trying to for awhile --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: She lives alone?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S FATHER
dialog: Yes -- her fiancé broke up with her in
dialog: March. She wanted kids, but he didn't.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: She had a date ...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER
text: (sits up, sniffling)
dialog: A blind date. Last night, on the
dialog: phone, she told me, she was going to
text: go out. On a date. In Connecticut. Her
dialog: friend Beth set it up.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Beth?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S FATHER
dialog: Beth Harris.
text: Doug nods, mental note made.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER
text: Claire babysits her daughter, Janice,
dialog: during the week sometimes ... Oh God!
text: And she breaks again, weeping convulsively. Her husband holds
text: her, giving what comfort he can.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We'll, ah ... we'll need a recent
dialog: photo, and keys to her house if you
dialog: have them.
text: They don't hear him anymore, lost in naked grief. Doug waits,
text: profoundly uncomfortable. Finally:
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Someone will be in touch.
text: He gets up to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. PARENTS HOUSE - PORCH - DAY
text: Doug comes through the door -- suddenly Claire's father
text: reaches for his arm.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S FATHER
dialog: Mister Carlin?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Doug, please. You can call me Doug.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S FATHER
dialog: Listen ... Doug...
dialog: (he struggles for words)
dialog: Claire ... wrote funny poems in her
dialog: Christmas cards. She loved Cary Grant
dialog: movies. She used to dance with her cat
dialog: sometimes, she named it Ginger, you
dialog: can guess why.
dialog: (a plea)
dialog: I know how these things go, but please
dialog: -.. I need her to matter to you.
text: Doug blinks, motionless. Claire's Father hands him a
text: photograph -- the one from the mantle -- and a set of keys.
text: Doug looks at them. A wail of anguish from inside and Doug
text: lecks up -- and meets the eyes of Claire's Father.
text: The door closes.
scene_heading: EXT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - CAR - EVENING
text: Still light out, but barely. Doug stares through the
text: windshield out at a tree-lined street, a quaint one-story
text: house. The driveway is empty.
text: Doug pulls a pair of plastic gloves out of his pocket and
text: gets out of his car, approaches the house.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: A key turning in the lock. Doug pushes the door, lets it open
text: and looks into the house, not stepping inside.
text: There, as if to greet him, standing in the center of a
text: carpet, is a CAT with black and white fur.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Hello, Ginger.
text: The cat steps forward ... then suddenly leaps up into Doug's
text: arms; he has no choice but to catch it.
text: Doug is startled a moment, not sure what to do. Then shrugs,
text: steps inside, scratching the cat's head. He looks around --
text: The decor is feminine, inviting, furnished with antiques
text: thoughtfully rescued from thrift shops and farmers' markets.
text: Doug sees an ANSWERING MACHINE by the door, light blinking.
text: He sets the cat down, pulls a pen from his pocket, uses it to
text: press PLAY. Walks through the room as the TAPE REWINDS.
scene_heading: A CLICK, A BEEP:
speaker_heading: FIRST MESSAGE (V.O.)
dialog: Hi Claire, this is Helen French at
dialog: Pennylane Books. We're putting
dialog: together a Language Arts series for
dialog: grades K through 8, and I'd like to
dialog: see if you would do some illustrations
dialog: for us! Give me a call!
text: Doug comes to Claire's work area. Pages rest on the table,
text: ORIGINAL COLOR DRAWINGS of kids at a playground, a day at the
text: circus, a schoolyard. One drawing stands out: a color
text: rendering of an EIGHT-YEAR-OLD GIRL with braids.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER BEEP:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S FATHER (V.0.)
dialog: Hi, Claire, it's Dad. Our flight gets
dialog: in at 8:05 tomorrow morning -- your
dialog: mother asked me to remind you, don't
dialog: stay out too late ... thanks, bye.
text: Doug grimaces. Moves to the fireplace -- next to it is a
dialog: basket full of dolls (same type as the one we saw floating
text: face down in the water).
text: A BEEP, then a hang-up. Doug kneels to examine the toys.
text: Glances into the fireplace ... and sees A SINGLE SHEET OF
text: LAVENDER STATIONERY burned up in there, one corner intact.
text: He touches the corner with his pen.
dialog: 17.
text: Another BEEP, another hang-up. Doug looks up, and the cat
text: leaps out of his arms, races to the kitchen. Another BEEP:
speaker_heading: BETH (V.0.)
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Claire? Hi, it's Beth, are you there?
dialog: I'm sorry to call so late, but you
dialog: said you were going to call me when
dialog: you got home, and when you didn't, I
dialog: started to get worried --
text: -- there's the 'click' of someone picking up the phone:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Is this a joke?
text: Doug frowns -— she sounds distressed --
speaker_heading: BETH (V.O.)
dialog: What? No! I was worried about you,
dialog: that's all. How'd the date go --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (V.0.)
dialog: I can't talk right now, someone's
dialog: here. I'll call you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BETH (V.0O.)
dialog: Claire -- !
text: The hang-up cuts Beth off in mid-sentence. Doug goes to the
text: machine, hits REWIND, then PLAY again:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Is this a joke?
speaker_heading: BETH'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: What? No! I was worried about you,
dialog: that's all. How'd the date go --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: I can't talk right now, someone's
dialog: here. I'll call you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BETH'S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Claire -- !
text: Doug hits STOP. He looks away, thinking. Suddenly there is a
text: very loud MEOW from the kitchen. Doug smiles --
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Doug walks in, notices: on the table, TWO GLASSES, filled
dialog: with water.
dialog: 18.
text: Ginger, the cat, is on the counter. She bumps a rather absurd-
text: locking tomato-shaped cooking timer. Rubs up against a
dialog: particular cabinet.
text: Using a gloved hand, Doug opens the cabinet. Cat food. Of
text: course. He drops a handful of cat food into a dish for the
text: starving cat. Turns to the refrigerator --
text: A CHILD'S CRAYON DRAWING is affixed to the door; we can make
text: out the words 'JANICE HARRIS, Gr. 2' scrawled at the bottom.
text: Next to it: a newspaper ad for a 'White FORD EXPLORER, low
dialog: miles, excellent condition.'
text: Doug glances up -- the freezer door is littered with words
text: from a magnetic poetry kit. In the middle, a sentence:
dialog: YOU CAN SAVE HER
text: Doug stares at the words. Pulls out his notebook --
scene_heading: INT. CLATRE'S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Doug looks in, notebook in hand. He surveys the room. The bed
text: is made but crumpled, as if somebody fell onto it. He steps
text: in -- and something CRUNCHES under his foot. Looks down:
text: SHATTERED PORCELAIN ON THE FLOOR. Doug kneels. DROPS OF BLOOD
text: on the fragments.
text: Doug looks back at the bed. Crumpled -- as if somebody fell
text: onto it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Doug starts the machine with his pen, takes notes as the rest
dialog: of the MESSAGES play:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER (V.0.)
dialog: Claire, it's your mother. We've been
text: waiting at the airport for forty
dialog: minutes now. If you're not coming I
dialog: hope you're sending Beth or someone
dialog: --. call us.
text: We read Doug's notes, one under the other: CAR MISSING. EX-
scene_heading: FIANCE. BLIND DATE IN CT (FERRY?) LATE CALL, BETH HARRIS.
scene_heading: FIREPLACE NOTE. KITCHEN MESSAGE (PRINTS?) STRUGGLE. BLOOD.
text: He adds: "SOMFONE'S HERE." Circles it, closes the pad. Heads
text: for the hallway when he hears one last BEEP:
speaker_heading: DOUG'S OWN VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: This is Special Agent Doug Carlin
dialog: returning your call, the number here
dialog: is 516-753 --
dialog: 19.
text: Doug spins in a hammer shock of disbelief. Then it comes to
text: him. He rips off one of his gloves, digs into his pocket --
text: -- and pulls out the CANDY WRAPPER WITH THE PHONE NUMBER
text: WRITTEN ON IT. He holds the wrapper up to the machine, with
text: his gloved hand, presses the ANNC button:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Hello! This is 462-8423. I'm sorry I
dialog: missed your call, but if you say
dialog: something nice, I'll call you back!
text: The number on the wrapper is 462-8423. BEEP, CLICK, silence.
text: Doug stands in the middle of the room, staring at the dead
dialog: girl's telephone.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND SOUND - NIGHT
text: Wreckage on the water, rotors in the night. SEARCH AND RESCUE
text: HELICOPTERS sweep the floating debris with searchlights.
text: A CRANE lifts a submerged CAR from the sea --
scene_heading: EXT. CALVERTON HANGAR - TARMAC - NIGHT
text: TELEVISION NEWS CREWS make their reports from a long row of
text: satellite vans. A troop truck carrying NAVY DIVE TEAM members
text: rolls past the giant hangar --
text: -- and past DOUG, who stands outside staring at the doors,
text: hesitating for some reason. He takes a deep breath -- once,
text: twice -- then holds it and opens the door into --
scene_heading: INT. CALVERTON HANGAR - NIGHT
text: A cavernous makeshift morgue.
text: ROWS AND ROWS OF BODY BAGS lie across the floor awaiting
text: identification; more are being laid out by FBI FORENSICS
text: TEAMS. A harvest of death under black plastic.
text: Doug marches past them, past a handful of POLICE and FAMILY
text: MEMBERS moving among the bodies, down the long center aisle.
text: He passes a PERSONAL EFFECTS AREA: shredded backpacks, soaked
text: purses, a child's blackened sneakers. He never breaks stride,
text: doesn't look, keeps moving toward --
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR - RECONSTRUCTION AREA - NIGHT
text: FBI CREWS and NTSB INVESTIGATORS have begun to reconstruct
text: the ferry from recovered debris. A flatbed truck backs up
text: bearing A HUGE SLICE OF HULL like a giant ragged melon rind.
dialog: 20.
text: At a long table, several AGENTS -- McCready and Pryzwarra
text: among them -- are gathered around a collection of small
text: pieces of metal, none bigger than a quarter:
scene_heading: AGENT STALHUTH
dialog: «+. Our early guess is that the bomb
text: vehicle was a minivan or SUV. Possibly
dialog: white or silver --
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Make and model?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: No way to tell yet.
speaker_heading: BROOKS (0.8.)
dialog: Hey, I got a partial on the license
dialog: plate ...
text: All eyes turn to AGENT BROOKS -- he holds up a tiny sliver of
text: metal with a pair of tweezers and smirks.
text: A few tired groans at the gallows humor. McCready turns back
dialog: to Stalhuth.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: How long?
text: Stalhuth looks over the debris.
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: Could be weeks. Months.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Check all SUVs and minivans registered
dialog: in the state, anything recently rented
dialog: or purchased, anything tied to a theft
dialog: or missing persons report -—-
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.8.)
dialog: Agent McCready?
text: McCready turns -- Doug is there.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I'm Agent Carlin, LIRA Evidence
dialog: Recovery --
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Douglas Carlin. I remember you. Flight
dialog: 800 investigation.
text: The other agents look up at that. Doug blanches, stands his
text: ground. Pryzwarra wonders at their reaction, steps forward:
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello, Doug. You have something?
text: Doug stares at the others, then to Pryzwarra:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: This afternoon I witnessed the autopsy
text: of a young woman who washed up off
text: Plum Island, with heavy fuel burns and
text: traces of thermite powder on her face.
dialog: She‘d also lost several fingers in
dialog: what appeared to be blast damage.
text: McCready catches the slight inflection:
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: ‘Appeared. '
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: When I checked the tide tables against
dialog: the position of the blast ... sir,
dialog: this woman was killed at least two
dialog: hours before the ferry exploded.
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.S.)
dialog: Before?
text: Doug turns to see a civilian approaching the table: ALEXANDER
text: DENNY. Black T-shirt, tennis shoes, long wispy hair. Standing
text: with the agents in their suits, he looks like a crazed genius
text: scientist or an aging rock star.
speaker_heading: DENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: You say she died before the explosion?
text: Doug blinks -- who is this guy? -- then:
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Her name is Claire Kuchever. Her body
text: washed up before the explosion and
dialog: against the tide.
text: Doug has everyone's attention now. McCready is dubious,
text: stares at him.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: You have a scenario?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I believe someone abducted her from
text: her home, taped her mouth and wrists,
dialog: then severed her fingers -- probably
dialog: because she had his DNA under her
dialog: nails.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont'd)
dialog: Then he burned her alive and dumped
dialog: her into the Sound, where she would
dialog: appear to be just another disaster
dialog: victim --
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: A disaster that hadn't happened yet.
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: (to Doug)
dialog: You refer to the killer as ‘he.'
dialog: Why not 'they?'
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I work Evidence Recovery as needed. My
dialog: main field is victimology. I believe
dialog: we're looking for a lone individual,
dialog: most likely a paranoid sociopath. No
dialog: group has claimed responsibility?
text: Pryzwarra shakes his head 'no.'
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Why this woman?
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Her SUV is missing. It could have been
text: stolen to drive the bomb onto the
dialog: ferry.
dialog: (checks his file)
text: New York license CHB 4470. A white
dialog: Ford Explorer.
text: The agents look down at the pieces, then at each other --
text: yeah, that fits. Doug holds out his report to McCready.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Something else ... The victim placed a
dialog: call to the Long Island field office
dialog: the night before she was killed.
text: Denny's eyebrows go up at this. McCready takes the report.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Thank you. We'll look into it.
dialog: (Doug stands there)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Doug has been dismissed. He turns, walks away ... and notices
text: for the first time a row of cars parked against the far wall.
text: Doug stops and calls back --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Hey, where's Minuti?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: What?
dialog: 23.
text: Doug indicates a particular car, parked down the line: blue
text: early model BMW. Boston Red Sox cap visible through the back
text: window. A bumper sticker: WHITE CANE POST 56.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: My partner, Larry Minuti. That's his
dialog: car.
text: Pryzwarra looks ... then closes his eyes in an ‘aw, fuck’
text: expression. Even McCready looks solemn.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Agent Carlin ... those cars were
dialog: brought here from the ferry parking
text: lot. Vehicles that remain unclaimed.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Doug stares at McCready as realization sinks in. He looks at
text: the other agents ... none of them can meet his eyes.
text: Doug turns. Walks away, between the rows of bodies.
text: Denny watches him leave, thoughtful.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: May I see that report?
scene_heading: EXT. CALVERTON HANGAR - DAY
text: Doug leans on the driver's side window of his car, head down,
text: not moving. In the glass, the distorted reflection of an ARMY
text: HELICOPTER moves past. Doug closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: MP (0.8.)
dialog: Agent Carlin?
text: Doug opens his eyes. Reflected in the glass are now the
text: distorted shapes of two MILITARY POLICE OFFICERS.
text: Doug turns. One is tall and muscular. The other short and
text: even more muscular.
speaker_heading: MP (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you come with us, please?
text: Doug regards them. They're serious, there to do a job.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I have a choice?
text: The MP cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: MP
dialog: As a matter of fact, sir, no, you
dialog: don't.
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING ROOM - DAY
text: Doug sits in a straight-back chair in front of an empty desk.
text: Looks like he's been there a while.
text: The room is dominated on one side by a long TWO-WAY MIRROR.
text: Doug stares at it. The mirror seems to stare back.
text: The door opens. Pryzwarra enters, sits down.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I'd guess you've got some questions.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: For me to have questions, first I'd
dialog: have to know something.
text: Pryzwarra grins.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I've been put in charge of a newly
dialog: created special investigative unit.
dialog: Our first case is the ferry bombing. I
dialog: want you on the team.
speaker_heading: DOUG,
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: You know the area. We need someone
dialog: local, who also has the proper
dialog: security clearance.
text: Doug nods at the two-way mirror.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That's what you told the people back
dialog: there. Why me?
text: Pryzwarra smiles, leans forward.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I'm a good field agent. But this
dialog: investigation has ... unique
dialog: requirements. We need someone who can
dialog: take exactly one look at a crime scene
dialog: and tell us what's wrong, what's
dialog: missing, what we can ignore and what
dialog: we should pursue.
text: Doug frowns. The mirror is still a strong, silent presence.
text: Pryzwarra lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: They won't say it, but you impressed
dialog: the hell out of somebody.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: They told you my history?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I'm not worried about that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can't change the past, right?
scene_heading: EXT. ARMY HELICOPTER - IN FLIGHT - MORNING
text: Streaking over miles of thick forest, crossing the Long
dialog: Island Pine Barrens.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER
text: DOUG stares out the window, seated between two MPs, silent.
text: Pryzwarra sits across from him. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: You're gonna need this.
text: He hands Doug a CARDKEY bearing Doug's name and photo.
dialog: Doug regards the logo:
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: Brookhaven ... home of the big
dialog: particle collider?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: That's the one!
text: Pryzwarra points -- Doug looks out the window:
scene_heading: EXT. RHIC - DAY - ESTABLISHING
text: The chopper streaks over a wooded rise TO REVEAL -- the
text: RELATIVISTIC HEAVY ION COLLIDER, a massive, two-mile ring
text: carved out of the Long Island Pine Barrens. So vast it's
text: literally visible from space.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Okay, now I do have some questions.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE - MOVING - DAY
text: Doug glances outside. The HumVee rolls past a guarded
text: checkpoint, onto what looks like a college campus. Stately
text: brick buildings amidst stately oak trees.
text: A Brookhaven satellite van, the same he saw arrive in the
text: rain at the disaster site, passes by in the other direction.
text: Doug takes note of the van, stares ahead, thoughtful --
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - RHIC MAGNET STATION - DAY
text: Pryzwarra leads Doug toward a three-story MAGNET ARRAY, where
text: a group of ENGINEERS is making last-minute adjustments under
text: Denny's direction. Denny turns at their approach:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Doug, this is Dr. Alexander Denny.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Charmed. We're about to open the
dialog: Window, hurry up.
text: Denny swipes his cardkey through A SEALED SECURITY DOOR --
scene_heading: INT. RHIC CORRIDOR
text: Doug, Pryzwarra and Denny walk down a curved cement corridor.
text: They duck under an air duct and some wiring.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What is it that's special about your
dialog: special team?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Really, it'll be easier to show you
dialog: than to tell you ...
text: Pryzwarra stops at an unmarked door. He can't help but smile.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Get ready for the world to change.
text: He opens the door --
text: Revealing a JANITOR'S CLOSET. Doug glances in at the dusty
dialog: cleaning supplies.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh -- wrong door.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: (amused)
dialog: This way --
text: Doug and Pryzwarra follow Denny around the ring to a second
text: door; it looks very much like the first. Denny pulls it open.
text: There is a slight WHOOSH as the seal is broken --
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - DAY
text: Doug steps through. Revealed before him is --
scene_heading: THE TIME WINDOW
dialog: 27.
text: -- tall and wide, a sleek metallic frame, curved like an IMAX
text: movie screen, suspended in mid-air.
text: The area in front is cordoned off by rails and yellow caution
text: stripes. Behind the imposing structure is a very mundane
text: brick wall; they're in the basement of the facility.
text: Crowded around the Time Window are technicians, monitors,
text: consoles; at once the highest of high tech and a spaghetti
text: mix of wires, cables and jury-rigged photon-pushing stuff.
text: The steady low background hum of high voltage.
text: Denny slides into an open chair, pulls a headset on. The
text: chair next to him is empty.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: What are we waiting for?
text: GUNNARS leans back from his console. We recognize him as the
text: Iman_wearing the weird goggles at the disaster site.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Ready to rip.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Let ‘er rip.
text: Denny watches the monitors instead of the screen. Doug
text: notices, mounted above his console: a_small pink flyswatter.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - ALL ALONG THE RHIC
text: The shunting arrays come alive as the magnets within are
text: energized. Components slide into place, extra power is routed
dialog: through the ring --
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - DAY
text: SHANTI, a female technician, calls out:
speaker_heading: SHANTI
text: Symmetries not yet matched. Catching
dialog: up in four, three, two, one ... okay,
dialog: symmetries are matched.
text: IN THE WINDOW, the brick wall DISAPPEARS as static resolves
text: into a crystal clear IMAGE of the Orient Point Ferry Dock.
text: The ferry is there, unharmed, intact. A bright sunny day.
text: Crowds of WEEKDAY COMMUTERS getting on board.
text: It's as if the machine has ripped open a hole in reality.
text: Doug stares at the scene. Turns to Pryzwarra:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Is this video?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Where's my audio?
text: Gunnars remembers that's his job, scans his console.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Uh, compensating for audio delay, just
dialog: a second --
text: Suddenly a WALL OF SOUND hits them, LOUD -- people
text: chattering, cars revving as they drive forward, the ferry
text: horn BLARING. Doug and Pryzwarra jump.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh, now compensating for major
dialog: technical blunder by idiot tech guy on
text: the pre-set audio gain.
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Sorry.
text: He lowers the sound.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: We're locked. Minus four days, six
dialog: hours, three minutes and forty-five
dialog: seconds.
text: Doug looks up at the MISSION CLOCK behind Shanti's console --
text: 07/01 08:25:05AM and counting. He turns to Pryzwarra again:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Digital re-creation?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: (smug)
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: (to Gunnars)
text: The guy with the backpack, blue
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: I'm on him.
text: Doug watches as Gunnars manipulates the round spin controls:
text: horizontal, up/down, and forward/back. Like the spin controls
text: used on a camera dolly, hooked up to be read by computer. A
text: rocker arm above adjusts to different magnitudes of movement.
text: Gunnars spins the controls --
dialog: 29.
text: IN THE WINDOW: the VIEW CHANGES, follows the man with the
text: backpack through the crowd. Doug is astonished.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You can't do that. You can't change
text: the angle on video shot four days ago.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: You can't do this, either. Keep your
text: eyes at the edge of the screen ...
text: He pulls Doug sideways, as Doug watches the screen --
text: DOUG'S POV: as he moves sideways, more of the scene is
text: revealed; he can see ‘around the corner' of the Window.
text: Doug moves his head back and forth, confirming the effect.
text: He takes in the room again, thinking.
text: ON SCREEN: the man with the backpack meets up with his
text: family. Denny frowns.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Not our guy. Back to general
dialog: surveillance.
text: Denny tosses his headset aside, comes over to Doug:
speaker_heading: DENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: All right, Doug. Let's get you up to
dialog: speed -—
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You've developed a working time
dialog: window. You can look into the past.
dialog: From the looks of things its a
dialog: prototype machine, developed on
dialog: limited funds --
dialog: (slight smile)
dialog: -- probably no more than ten billion.
dialog: You're using it as an investigative
text: tool, trying to find a clue to the
text: identity of the ferry bomber.
text: Denny and Pryzwarra are impressed.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: The only thing I don't understand is
dialog: why you're looking at four days ago,
dialog: and not yesterday when it happened.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: We can only look back four days.
dialog: (neds at mission clock)
dialog: Four days, six hours and change.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (cont'd)
dialog: But that's it. No more, no less. We
dialog: can't see ten minutes ago --
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: We can't look back and see if there
dialog: was a second gunman --
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: We can look anywhere. But the when is
dialog: always four days ago. A single
text: trailing moment of 'now' in the past.
text: Doug thinks a moment.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: So -- three days from now -- you'll be
dialog: able look back to -- yesterday.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: You'll be able to see the explosion,
dialog: see who did it. You'll see him as he
dialog: does it.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: But three days could be too late. The
dialog: guy might have left the country by
dialog: then. Or he might strike again. We
dialog: need to do what we can now.
text: Doug looks up at the screen. He looks at the Window, at the
text: people in the crowd.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: We know he's back there, somewhere,
dialog: planning this. We just need to know
dialog: where to look.
dialog: (to Doug)
dialog: So -- Agent Doug Carlin. Where do we
dialog: look?
text: Doug sits down in the chair next to Denny --
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Claire's house.
scene_heading: EXT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Numerous FBI vehicles are parked in front of Claire's house.
text: A BROOKHAVEN SATELLITE VAN pulls up behind them and parks,
text: idling.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW: the view TILTS DOWN at the ground ...
text: then PULLS BACK up into the air. Quickly a good section of
text: the state of New York can be seen below.
text: Shanti types. ON HER MONITOR, a grid appears over a video
text: feed of the scene. Superimposed are various CIRCLES that show
dialog: the range of the Time Window.
text: A small DOT appears on the edge of the largest sphere.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Within range.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Go.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW: the view PLUMMETS down to finda
text: residential housing track, keeps going, comes to a jolting
text: STOP just above the asphalt of the street.
text: The view TILTS UP to reveal: CLAIRE'S HOUSE.
text: The view CREEPS over the lawn ... right up to the wall --
text: -- and then THROUGH THE WALL to reveal: CLAIRE KUCHEVER,
text: lovely, young, very much alive. She wears a conservative bra
text: and panties and is just pulling on a blouse.
dialog: IN THE LAB: A complete shock to Doug ... this is the woman he
text: saw dead in the morgue.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW: Claire starts to button up the blouse,
text: turns and looks directly INTO CAMERA.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Hello there!
text: IN THE LAB: Everyone freezes. What the hell?
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW: Claire waits, thinks a moment. Tilts her
text: head, an even bigger smile INTO CAMERA:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (bright, friendly)
dialog: Hi, how are you?
text: She waits, but of course there's no answer. Claire looks off,
text: chews her lip. Takes a breath. This time a bit more formal.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hello. I'm Claire.
dialog: (corrects herself)
dialog: My name is Claire.
dialog: 32.
text: IN THE ROOM: Uneasy glances. Gunnars is freaked.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Too weird ... can she see us?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: That's not possible.
dialog: (to Denny)
dialog: Is it?
text: Only Denny seems to be enjoying himself.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Let's just see what happens.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW: Claire frowns, sighs. Tries again.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hi, I'm Claire, but you guessed that
dialog: already, right?
dialog: (she cringes)
dialog: God, that's terrible.
text: Doug suddenly figures it out.
speaker_heading: DOUG,
dialog: Rotate the view. I want to see what
text: she's looking at.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW: The view moves to reveal -- a MIRROR on
text: the wall. Claire is looking at her own reflection, practicing
text: her smile and greeting, not happy with any of them:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (coy)
dialog: Claire. Pleased to meet you.
dialog: (with attitude)
dialog: Right, I'm Claire. So, how am I doing
dialog: so far?
dialog: (a la Bond)
dialog: My name is Kuchever. Claire Kuchever.
dialog: (she grimaces)
dialog: God this is pathetic. It's the blouse.
text: Claire pulls the buttons undone, turns to pick out a new
dialog: shirt.
text: IN THE LAB, Doug stares at the screen. Perhaps he's
text: remembering her father's words as he says her name:
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: Claire Kuchever ...
text: Gunnars notices his intense focus.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Did you know her?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We held hands once. But no, I've never
dialog: met her.
text: Gunnars frowns at that. A thought hits Doug, and he pulls out
text: his cell phone. Hits a button --
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: AGENTS pore over the interior of the house, investigation in
text: progress. STALHUTH has a plastic evidence bag filled with
text: bloody swabs, answers his phone as he moves down the hall:
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: Stalhuth here.
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.8.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: This is Doug Carlin. Where are you?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: At that house you found. Female murder
dialog: victim. Claire --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Right. What room are you in?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH (0.S.)
dialog: Bedroom. We found bloody cotton swabs
dialog: in the bathroom -- oh, and Carlin,
dialog: when did you completely forget how to
dialog: investigate a crime scene?
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.8.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: The place is lousy with your
text: fingerprints. All over the place.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - DAY
text: Doug frowns at that. He stares up at the screen, into the
text: bedroom, where Claire picks out another blouse, slips it on.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Describe what you see. Just humor me,
dialog: okay?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: STALHUTH (0.S.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Uh, woman's bedroom, bed made, mirror
text: on the wall, dresser, tissue box,
dialog: perfume bottle --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Is anyone there?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH (0.S.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Yeah. Agent Hendricks is here, leaning
dialog: over the bed and right now I have a
text: mighty fine view of the crack of his
dialog: ass. Jesus, Hendricks.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Uh ... okay. Great, thanks.
text: Doug closes the phone, looks over -- Denny has been watching
text: him, amused.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Satisfied?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Can you blame me?
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Not for a second.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - LATER
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, Claire stirs pasta, dinner for one. Her
speaker_heading: PHONE RINGS --
text: IN THE LAB, the agents sit up, attentive.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hey ... No, that's day after tomorrow.
dialog: Yeah, Saturday ... Nope, first time!
dialog: I always thought blind dates were for
dialog: desperate losers, you know? Then I
dialog: realized, hey, I am a desperate loser!
dialog: Desperate losers need love too!
text: Faint laughter on the phone.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: At least I think it's the day after
dialog: tomorrow, ohmigod --
text: Claire reaches for an appointment book, opens it --
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: Show me the book!
dialog: 35.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, the VIEW MOVES FORWARD and TWISTS DOWN to
text: ‘look' into the book -- too late, Claire snaps it shut.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Damn!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yeah, it's Saturday. I'll be sure to
dialog: call you with all the gory details.
dialog: Okay, ‘bye.
text: Claire hangs up, finishes the pasta preparation. Scoops
text: out onto a dish, sits down to eat and read.
text: IN THE LAB, Doug turns to Pryzwarra.
speaker_heading: Pryzwarra
dialog: just sits
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I want her appointment book brought
dialog: here ... also any notes, diaries,
dialog: checkbook, photos, any record of any
dialog: kind. I want to know everything there
dialog: is to know about her.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I don't see the point of this. We
dialog: should be concentrating on the ferry.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It's likely our man scoped out the
dialog: ferry, yes. But we don't know when, or
dialog: what he looks like. We could look
text: right at him and not know.
dialog: (back to the screen)
dialog: But we'll notice a change, even a
dialog: small change, in this woman's life.
dialog: some
text: looks where Doug looks -- staring at Claire, who
text: at the table, reading. Pryzwarra shrugs.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Someone order Chinese. Looks like this
dialog: might take a while ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - NIGHT
text: Items from Claire's life are spread out around Doug. Purse,
text: photographs in a shoebox,
dialog: journals,
text: checkbook, a box of drawings, letters, etc.
text: Doug has Claire's notebook computer in front of him. He
text: clicks on a photo: Ginger, her cat, grabbing onto the couch;
dialog: Claire has added that timeless caption 'Hang in there,
text: Doug smiles, glances up --
dialog: appointment book, bank statements,
dialog: Baby!'
dialog: 36.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, Claire dabs off her makeup. Turns on the
text: shower, checks the water. She steps out of her skirt.
text: IN THE LAB, some embarrassment among the observers.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Tell me ... is there any scientific or
dialog: forensic insight likely to be gained
dialog: by spying on this woman in the shower?
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: She might sing us a clue.
text: Shanti frowns at the joke. IN THE TIME WINDOW, Claire
text: continues to disrobe.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We'll do what any normal, average
dialog: house guest would do ...
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Let's check out her medicine cabinet.
text: He nods to Gunnars, who (somewhat reluctantly) moves the Time
text: Window view away from Claire, toward the mirrored medicine
text: cabinet. A brief, out-of-focus glimpse of Claire's nude form
dialog: in the reflection --
text: -- and then the view MOVES PAST the mirror, into the cabinet.
text: There is just enough light coming in around the edges to see
dialog: there's not much there.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Aspirin, dental floss, cough drops ...
dialog: not even a sleeping pill. This woman
dialog: needs a vice.
text: IN THE LAB, Pryzwarra sighs heavily. It's pretty obvious he
text: thinks they're wasting their time. Doug checks a box,
text: confirms the same medications.
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: What's on the other side of the wall?
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Kitchen.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Let's check it out.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, the view pushes THROUGH THE WALL into the
text: kitchen. The view does a slow 360 scan. Doug frowns --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Huh. No tomato timer.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Say again?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I noticed it when I was in the house
dialog: before. This funky little ... food
text: timer, in the shape of a tomato. Next
text: to the microwave. It's not there.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Maybe she's going to buy one. Or
dialog: borrow one. Or get one as a gift --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Great! Let's all keep an eye out for
dialog: the funky tomato timer, I'm sure it's
dialog: the key to the whole goddamn case --
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, Claire suddenly appears, wearing a
text: bathrobe and towel.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Is someone there? Hello?
text: IN THE LAB, everyone pays sudden attention.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, Claire goes to the door, checks to make
dialog: sure it's locked.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: She heard a noise, maybe?
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Probably the cat.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Follow her.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, Claire enters her bedroom, lays down in
text: on the bed. Opens up her journal, starts to write.
text: IN THE LAB, Doug searches, finds, opens up the same journal.
text: He flips through pages --
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, the view shifts to over Claire's
text: shoulder, looking down at the page as she writes -—-
dialog: ‘Nothing much special today. Got that weird I'm-being-watched
dialog: feeling again, but I'm sure it's nothing. Need to install
text: lights outside the house. Trade the cat in on a German
text: Shepherd. I feel like a goldfish. It's like someone's out
dialog: there.'
text: CLOSE ON: the same journal page. Doug watches her write what
dialog: she's already written. Weird.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Maybe someone is out there. Could be
text: she's being stalked.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, the view shoots upward, then tilts,
text: lecking down at the house. It ZOOMS DOWN, quickly around the
text: perimeter of the house.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Nope. Nobody there. Nobody's watching
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Not true. We are.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, the view peers in through the Window,
text: then moves through, centered on Claire.
text: She's set the journal aside, turned the light off. Laying on
text: her side, she stares out at the dark. Eyes open, but no way
dialog: to tell what her thoughts might be.
text: Doug watches her ...
text: Claire's eyes close and her features relax. Her expression is
text: pure, no one around, no one to see. Simple, unaffected, no
dialog: artifice, no agenda.
text: Naked and vulnerable.
text: Doug's expression softens as well ... lost in her features,
text: in the beauty of her peaceful expression ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SEASIDE CEMETERY - DAY
text: A wind-blown cliff dotted with white crosses and tombstones.
text: Mourners dressed in black; Claire's funeral in progress.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (reading from
dialog: Ecclesiastes)
dialog: "Everything God does will remain
dialog: forever. There is nothing to add to it
dialog: and there is nothing to take from it.
dialog: God has done this so that men should
dialog: be in awe before Him...
text: Doug stands away from the crowd, watches the faces of the
text: people at the grave. Near him, a GROUNDSKEEPER works, laying
text: down strips of sod.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (low)
dialog: The ex didn't show.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: STALHUTH (V.0.)
dialog: (over Doug's earpiece)
dialog: Would you?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: "Whatever is, has already been, and
dialog: what will be has been before. God
dialog: calls forth the past."
text: The PRIEST nods; CLAIRE'S MOTHER steps up next to the coffin.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER
dialog: Claire loved lighthouses. Ever since
dialog: she was little. They made her feel
dialog: safe, and whenever it rained she'd
dialog: listen for the foghorn.
text: Doug scans the crowd: somber looks, red eyes, silent tears
dialog: »e.- but nothing that doesn't belong. Then he notices --
text: A LANKY MAN in a white windbreaker comes into view in the
text: distance, approaches from across the green. The man carries a
text: bright bouquet of flowers.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (low)
text: White jacket from the south road.
speaker_heading: STALHUTH (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: We see him.
text: The lanky man keeps coming. Doug keeps watching ...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER
dialog: Many of you know we grieve for three
dialog: people today. Claire's best friend
dialog: Beth, and also her lovely little girl
dialog: Janice. Claire loved taking care of
dialog: Janice ... she was the daughter Claire
dialog: never had.
text: The lanky man suddenly stops, kneels at a grave. He places
text: the flowers down, begins praying there. Doug moves over next
text: to the Groundskeeper.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (indicates the man)
dialog: Ever see him before?
text: The Groundskeeper looks.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER
dialog: Oh, yeah. Poor guy comes here every
dialog: week. Flowers every time. Roses. Waste
dialog: of money, if you ask me.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: (into his headset)
dialog: False alarm, everybody. The guy is a
dialog: regular.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER
dialog: Guy needs to learn to let go.
text: The Groundskeeper goes back to laying sod.
speaker_heading: STALHUTH (V.O.)
dialog: Shit. Okay, keep an eye out.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER
dialog: Claire ... there are so many things
dialog: you never got to do. So much that you
dialog: wanted to share. I'm sorry that you
dialog: never found the right person to share
dialog: it with.
text: ON DOUG, as he turns back to the funeral.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: And you never got to start the family
dialog: you wanted ... But I know that you
dialog: never lost hope.
text: She loses it a little bit; her eyes come up, and happen to
text: find Doug. He gives her a slight nod of encouragement.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: That's who you are. You will always
dialog: have hope.
text: She can't continue. Claire's Father goes to her side.
text: Doug watches ... and then his eyes shift to Claire's coffin.
text: He stares at it, hard.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TIME WINDOW - DAY
text: IN A GROCERY STORE, Claire stops her half-full shopping cart
text: in front of the cake mix shelf, looking pensive, sullen.
text: Other shoppers move past, not noticing anything. Claire is
text: alone in the store, lost in some private moment.
text: IN THE LAB, Doug frowns. He has Claire's journal open in
dialog: front of him --
text: ON THE JOURNAL PAGE, in Claire's hand: 'Went shopping today,
dialog: shopping for one, made me feel alone -- I hate when that
dialog: happens.'
dialog: 41.
text: Gunnars looks closely at Claire.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Weird how much you can tell about a
dialog: person when you really look at them.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: And when they think no one is looking.
text: ON THE JOURNAL PAGE, mostly blank. A hand comes in -- Claire,
text: writing onto the page. ‘Still looking for someone who ...
dialog: just someone.'
text: IN THE WINDOW, Claire is lying by her fireplace now, a glass
text: of wine in one hand, her journal open. She stops writing,
text: stares at what she's written. 'Just someone.'
text: Then she tears the page out of the journal and tosses it into
text: the fire. She hugs her knees, watching it burn.
text: DOUG looks down: the journal page is missing, torn away.
text: The rest of the book is blank. Claire will die before she can
dialog: write anything more.
text: Doug sets the book aside ... stares at it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: IN THE WINDOW, later. Claire is in the kitchen, washing
text: dishes, when THE PHONE RINGS. Claire answers:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: OERSTADT (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Hey, are you the lady with the SUV for
dialog: sale? I saw your ad in the paper!
text: IN THE LAB, Doug sits up suddenly.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That's him.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: How do you know?
text: IN THE WINDOW, Claire smiles. She opens the refrigerator,
text: pours a drink:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes, that's me.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT (V.0.)
dialog: Well hello there! Lemme tell you,
dialog: first off ...
dialog: (slight laugh)
dialog: I'm what you could call a real
dialog: motivated buyer. I'm ready to get
dialog: something by the weekend.
text: Pryzwarra jumps out of his chair:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Match that call! See if it's one of
dialog: the numbers we tracked. I want a
dialog: recording of the conversation sent for
dialog: analysis --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: That sounds just fine to me.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT (V.0.)
dialog: The price, model and mileage look
dialog: right, where can I come by and see it?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'm at 329 Larkspur Road in
dialog: Willowpoint. Need directions?
speaker_heading: OERSTADT (V.0.)
dialog: Don't worry, I'll find you.
dialog: Is tomorrow night good?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: (to Doug)
dialog: Tomorrow?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: He's waiting ... he wants to steal the
text: car as late in the game as he can, so
dialog: there's no time to track it --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Wouldn't you know, that's the one
dialog: night all month I'm going to be out!
speaker_heading: OERSTADT (V.0.)
dialog: Right, Saturday night, must be a hot
dialog: date.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Blind date, actually. Can we make it
dialog: Sunday?
text: A pause in the conversation. Doug whispers to Pryzwarra:
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: He's thinking ... a date means someone
dialog: who's expecting her, who would miss
dialog: her. Which could ruin his plans ...
speaker_heading: OERSTADT (V.0.)
dialog: See, I need the vehicle for Sunday.
dialog: Is there anyone else there who can
dialog: show me the car?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: No, I live alone ...
text: Shanti gasps. The others are just as appalled --
speaker_heading: OERSTADT (V.0.)
dialog: I'll tell you what -- there's a Jeep
dialog: Cherokee I've had my eye on. How about
dialog: I come see you if it doesn't work out?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Sure! See you later!
text: Claire hangs up, goes back to the dishes ... with no clue at
dialog: all to what's coming.
text: IN THE MAIN LAB, everyone sits there, a bit stunned at how
dialog: fast it all happened.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: All right, everyone, we've just heard
dialog: the voice of our killer. Let's find
dialog: out who he is --
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: Checked the number. One of the ones we
dialog: couldn't track. Outdoor phone booth --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Wait -- we got surveillance video on
dialog: that one, didn’t we?
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Doug, Pryzwarra, the other agents gather before a MONITOR
scene_heading: that displays TIME-CODED SURVEILLANCE VIDEO.
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
text: This is from an ATM camera across the
dialog: street. Already been checked, though --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Scan ahead to exactly the time of the
dialog: phone call.
dialog: 44,
text: The video BLURS, people coming and going, slows to where a
text: NAMELESS WOMAN fills most of the frame, pushing buttons.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Where am I looking?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
text: Background, over her left shoulder.
dialog: That‘s the phone booth.
text: ON SCREEN: a fuzzy BLOB that might be a phone booth. It’s a
dialog: bad angle, no way to tell if anyone is there.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Can you enhance this?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: This is enhanced.
text: The video is maddening -- blurry, dark, and obscured by the
text: bank customer every time she shifts position.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Shit. This is useless --
speaker_heading: DOUG,
dialog: What‘s that on the ground?
text: Doug points. ON SCREEN, at the base of the phone booth:
text: a dark blob with a blurry white logo.
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: Huh. Camcorder bag, maybe?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You have access to face-recognition
dialog: software, right?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Use it on the bag. How many hours of
dialog: video have been logged?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
dialog: About a billion ...
text: Stalhuth types busily on his laptop. Hits a final key. Waits
dialog: for the search to complete ...
speaker_heading: STALHUTH (CONT‘D)
dialog: Don‘t think it’s ever been used this
dialog: way --
text: ON SCREEN: a long list of matches.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: STALHUTH (CONT‘D)
dialog: See, it’s too simple an image to
dialog: create a single -—-
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: Go through them.
text: Stalhuth nods, starts clicking through --
text: ON SCREEN, video footage of a kid carrying a bag on the dock.
text: Obviously wrong. NEXT MATCH, a woman walking across an
text: intersection, bag over her shoulder. NEXT MATCH --
text: Security video shows a NIGHT VIEW of the ferry at dock -- the
text: rolling timecode reads 07/03 04:40AM and counting.
text: A FIGURE steps into view, holding his camcorder, his back to
text: the camera. A camera bag over one shoulder --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Same bag ...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Same guy. What is this?
speaker_heading: STALHUTH
text: Security camera at the Orient Point
dialog: ferry dock --
text: ON SCREEN: A WASH OF HEADLIGHTS passes over the figure,
text: startling him, causing him to step back out of view --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Freeze it there!
text: The video pauses on the empty dock. The timecode in the
text: corner reads 07/03 04:40:38AM.
text: Pryzwarra smiles. Locks at Doug:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT‘D)
dialog: Two nights before the explosion ...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: And seven hours from now.
text: IN THE WINDOW, Claire sits at her desk, working on an
text: illustration. She erases a small error. Glances down, where
text: Janice sits on the floor, drawing with magic markers.
text: IN THE MAIN LAB, Doug watches the scene. Glances around at
dialog: the others --
text: Pryzwarra confers with Stalhuth and Denny.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: »-. we'll get a look at his face, for
dialog: certain. If we're lucky, a license
dialog: plate. If not, we follow him...
text: IN THE WINDOW, on the floor, Janice sits up suddenly.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Oh no!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Mom asked me to say a prayer for her
dialog: meeting today, but I forgot!
text: IN THE MAIN LAB, as Doug watches the scene, his expression
text: softens. He looks on with empathy, compassion ... for the
dialog: first time, even sadness.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (0.8.)
dialog: That's okay, we'll say one now.
speaker_heading: JANICE (0.S.)
dialog: But it's too late, it already
dialog: happened!
text: BACK TO DOUG, as he glances over -- Gunnars and Shanti watch
text: their monitors. Nobody is looking his way.
text: Doug reaches into his jacket, and pulls out what looks like a
text: pen. Unnoticed, he points it at the Time Window --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Then we'll just pray that it went
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Does that work?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Don't see why it shouldn't!
text: Doug takes the pen, aims it at the screen, clicks it on.
text: It's a LASER POINTER.
text: IN THE WINDOW, A DOT APPEARS on the wall close to Claire's
dialog: head --
text: AND CLAIRE TURNS TO LOOK AT IT.
text: Doug looks on in shock -- as the view suddenly WAVERS and ALL
scene_heading: HELL BREAKS LOOSE --
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Power spike, I'm red!
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: I see it --
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Bring it down, ease off --
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Got it, got it, I've got it --
text: Suddenly all of them are punching keys, every screen is alive
text: with activity, around them GIANT CIRCUIT BREAKERS ARE
text: SLAMMING like church doors --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Shanti? What happened?
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Something broached the field ...
text: Doug SLAMS the laser pointer onto Denny's console:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: When were you gonna tell me?
text: Silence. They all look up at him.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: This thing's not just a window, is it?
text: The team members look to Pryzwarra.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I'm, I'm not sure what you mean --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: She saw it, Andy! I aimed a light at
dialog: her JUST NOW, and she reacted to it
scene_heading: FOUR DAYS AGO!
text: No one speaks. The team members exchange side glances.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: We can send things back, can't we?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: No, we can't --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We could GO back!
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: No, we can't.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Not a person --
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: (jumping in)
dialog: He's right -- we can't. Not yet.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: We still haven't beaten the physics.
dialog: The tachyon field nullifies all
dialog: complex electrical impulses, including
text: heartbeat and brainwave activity.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Anything that goes through comes out
text: dead on the other side.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You've tried?
text: Denny and Pryzwarra exchange a look.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I cannot confirm or deny that.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Trust me, Doug. There's no way around
dialog: it. Not even theoretical. You go
dialog: through, you die.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What about a warning? A radio signal --
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: It's too complex --
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: The field would scramble it --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Then what about a note?
text: They all look at each other.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
text: A note. A single piece of paper,
dialog: one sheet.
text: Again the team looks to Pryzwarra --
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: We're under strict orders. The Window
dialog: is approved for use as a retroactive
dialog: surveillance tool only --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: But it is possible?
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: If we keep the mass low...
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: (whirling)
dialog: No, no, NO ss.
text: The group erupts into heated debate, everyone but Denny --
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: I'm just talking about tolerances,
dialog: I think it's possible!
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Do you have any idea the metaphysical
dialog: can of worms --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: But we have to try, don't we?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We could stop this, Andy! We could
dialog: save all those people -—-
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Don't you think I want that? Suppose
dialog: we do save the ferry -- great! So
text: instead the guy blows up a hospital --
text: or the Brooklyn Bridge at rush hour.
dialog: Only this time we never catch him, and
dialog: he does it again and again --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Then we'll have to send a warning that
text: gets him apprehended and put away for
text: good, prior to the first explosion.
dialog: 
text: Pryzwarra thinks about that.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We send it back to ourselves. To me,
text: at the Bureau. An anonymous tip that
dialog: someone is planning to bomb the Orient
dialog: Point ferry on July 4th.
dialog: (thinking it through)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont'd)
dialog: We know the suspect was at the dock
text: with a camcorder the night before.
dialog: Instant search warrant -- they find
dialog: the bomb -- we could have him in
dialog: custody before he even meets Claire --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: We could also create a paradox that
text: rips a hole in the fabric of Time and
text: Space and wipes out mankind.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Which would probably cost us our
dialog: funding.
text: Doug and Pryzwarra both turn to look at Denny.
speaker_heading: DENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, it would ...
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: You're not worried about changing the
dialog: past?
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: No. Because you can't.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Anything you're gonna do, you already
dialog: did. Whether you send a note back, or
dialog: don't send a note back ... it doesn't
dialog: Matter. You can't change the past,
dialog: it's physically impossible.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: (at his console)
dialog: Window's back up ...
text: IN THE WINDOW, Claire kneels with Janice, coaching her
text: through a child's prayer. Doug watches for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What if there's more to it than
dialog: physics?
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: You mean something "spiritual?" Fine.
dialog: Look it this way ...
dialog: (he leans in close)
dialog: God! ind i j .
dialog: Call it fate, destiny, whatever -- it
dialog: already happened. And it always will.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Maybe. But I've spent my entire career
dialog: chasing people after they've done
dialog: something horrible.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont'd)
dialog: For once, I'd like to stop someone
dialog: from ever hurting anybody in the first
dialog: place. Can you understand that?
text: Doug looks over, sees that Pryzwarra has been listening.
text: They exchange a look.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - DAY
text: Giant SHUNTING MAGNETS -- huge circular arrays -- are
text: recalibrated and lowered back into place --
scene_heading: EXT. FBI FIELD OFFICE - DAY
text: A BROOKHAVEN SATELLITE VAN pulls up in the parking lot --
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - DAY
text: Gunnars designs an armature to hold the warning note in
dialog: place.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Pryzwarra writes out the warning while Doug dictates:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You know, this would go faster if I
dialog: did it myself --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Yeah, and then you recognize your own
text: handwriting and the universe blows up.
dialog: Continue.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: "Terror suspect will be at Orient
dialog: Point dock, 4:40am ...
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: We can't be that specific. It has to
dialog: hold up in court that someone could
dialog: have phoned this in without using a
dialog: time machine.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It'll hold up. Just don't leave any
text: prints on the note.
text: Pryzwarra looks at his fingers, glares at Doug -- 'now he
text: tells me.' He crumples the note and starts over.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: (writing)
dialog: How can you be sure you'll take this
dialog: ‘anonymous tip' seriously?
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: There was, ah ... there was a reporter
dialog: I worked with a few years back. The
dialog: way we're phrasing this, I'm pretty
dialog: sure I'll think it's from him.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Would this reporter be David Campbell?
text: Doug doesn't answer. Clearly this is a sore subject --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Flight 800?
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: You read my file.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: No. McCready told me. I'd be curious
dialog: to hear your side of it.
text: Doug looks grim. But it had to come up, sooner or later.
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: The official word on Flight 800 was
dialog: that degraded wiring under the main
dialog: fuel tank caused a short and triggered
dialog: the explosion. But Campbell suspected
dialog: a cover-up -- that the plane was in
dialog: fact shot down during a Navy exercise
text: four miles south of the flight path.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: And you believed him, so you stole
dialog: evidence --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I did not believe him, I wanted to
dialog: prove that he was wrong.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: So you stole evidence --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I took a seat cushion from the forward
dialog: cabin, to run independent tests on the
dialog: fabric for missile residue.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yeah, I stole evidence.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: What did you find?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: The Bureau arrested Campbell and
dialog: confiscated the samples before we
dialog: could finish the tests.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: And what happened to you?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Read the file.
dialog: Shanti approaches:
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: We're ready.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - DAY
text: Every screen is active, every station manned. Doug,
text: Pryzwarra, Denny and his team are all at their places.
text: Suspended before the Time Window, held by a thin glass
dialog: armature: the warning note.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Ring's hot.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Shanti?
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Good to go here.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: All right, let's get superluminal.
text: Doug and Pryzwarra watch as the Time Window brightens in a
text: furious mix of particles, coming into focus.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: What do you think will happen if this
dialog: works?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: To us?
dialog: (Pryzwarra nods)
dialog: I imagine we'll all instantly pop into
dialog: some other part of our lives with no
dialog: memory that any of this ever happened
dialog: «se. and you and I would never meet.
text: Pryzwarra ponders that for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Hey, that's worth the ten billion
dialog: right there!
dialog: 54.
text: Doug and Pryzwarra laugh. Watch as --
text: THE WINDOW ANGLE ROTATES from a NIGHT VIEW of the parking lot
text: to the exterior of the FBI LONG ISLAND FIELD OFFICE. The
text: Bureau symbol visible on the glass doors.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: This is zero station. We're on top of
dialog: the satellite van, hang on --
text: Gunnars works the joysticks -- the WINDOW VIEW RUSHES
text: FORWARD, into the face of the building and THROUGH IT ...
text: down hallways, through walls and floors --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Go to the third floor, southwest
dialog: corner --
text: The VIEW RISES THROUGH ANOTHER FLOOR and into the main office
text: pen -- the same open area of desks where Doug took the first
dialog: call about Claire --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: That's it, stop-stop-stop. Right
dialog: here ... now pan over to the right by
dialog: the wall ...
text: The office is nearly deserted, many of the desks unoccupied
text: as the VIEW PANS ACROSS them, but two voices can be heard:
speaker_heading: MINUTI (0.S.)
dialog: Look, I am not playing this game with
dialog: you again. There are protocols here,
dialog: Carlin. There are procedures.
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.8.)
dialog: I don't play games, Larry.
text: IN THE LAB, Doug's face goes slack as he watches the screen --
text: IN THE WINDOW, is -- HIMSELF.
text: Four days ago, Doug is having a barely-contained argument
text: with his partner, LARRY MINUTI.
speaker_heading: MINUTI
dialog: It's this lone wolf shit. You have to
dialog: let me know what you're doing. Let me
dialog: in on what you're thinking.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I told you, it was just a hunch --
speaker_heading: MINUTI
dialog: You told me, yeah, after the fact ...
dialog: 55.
text: IN THE LAB, Doug watches, fascinated. He glances over at the
text: team -- Everyone else in the room is staring at him. Heads
text: turn away quickly, looking back at the screen --
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Eerie, man...
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Is that Minuti?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah. That's Larry. My partner.
dialog: (he watches)
dialog: Jesus, I'd forgotten about this.
text: Denny shoots a glance to Doug at that. Checks his monitor:
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Okay, let's find a nice friendly
dialog: surface to push this note onto ...
dialog: Is that your desk?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Mine? Yeah.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Line us up, Goon ...
text: The WINDOW VIEW SHIFTS, veering and dipping until the surface
text: of Doug's desk comes into perfect alignment with the warning
text: note mounted before it.
speaker_heading: DOUG (ON SCREEN)
dialog: I'm tired of having to explain myself
dialog: every time I manage to do the job ...
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: That's good. Shanti? We need the field
dialog: to be rock solid.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
text: High but stable.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: All right ... start pushing. Get the
text: wave frame past the note.
text: The team punches keys in a flurry, boosting the gain on the
dialog: Time Window field --
text: ALONG THE RHIC, the magnet arrays begin to realign --
text: IN THE LAB, power surges through field emitters. Denny and
text: his team work their stations in a low-level frenzy. The
text: Window appears to WARP OUT, like wind filling a sail. The
text: argument in the Window continues:
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: MINUTI (ON SCREEN)
dialog: How can I expect you to look out for
dialog: me when you don't let me look out for
dialog: your
text: Doug winces at that.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Good?
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: I gotta have more cowbell ...
text: More keys are punched. The Time Window WARPS OUTWARD more --
speaker_heading: DOUG (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Look, I told you before -- and I'm
dialog: telling you now -- I don't go outside
dialog: proper channels anymore. If I peg a
dialog: guy on a hunch, that's police work,
dialog: not some conspiracy to keep you out of
dialog: the loop.
speaker_heading: MINUTI (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Yeah, well my hunch is you stopped
dialog: caring about anyone else a long time
dialog: ago. And it's affecting more than just
dialog: your work.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (to Denny)
dialog: We'd better hurry! If memory serves, I
dialog: storm outta there in about a minute.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Starting to redline!
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Give it ten more seconds. Push ...
text: Doug watches the note, now IN THE WINDOW, seemingly sitting
text: on Doug's own desk.
speaker_heading: DOUG (ON SCREEN)
dialog: I don't have time for this. You do
dialog: what you have to do, Larry. And have a
dialog: nice vacation.
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: (watching himself)
dialog: No ...
text: IN THE WINDOW, Doug marches away -- from his desk, his
text: partner, and the note. A collective sigh of futility.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: (defeat)
dialog: That's it, then. Dial the ring down.
text: The WHINE OF MACHINERY SUBSIDES ...
text: IN THE WINDOW, Minuti glances down and, so casually it almost
text: doesn't register, plucks the warning note from the desk.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Whoa!
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I don't believe it --
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: It's through! It went through!
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Fantastic!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We don't know if it's fantastic yet,
dialog: everybody quiet!
text: They watch as MINUTI reads the note. He frowns, looks off --
text: to where Doug has just left, slamming a door.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Larry ...
text: Minuti checks his watch, looks at the note again. The team
text: watches, breathless.
text: Then Minuti comes to a decision: he folds the note and grabs
text: his jacket, heading out.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Follow him!
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: I'm on him...
text: The WINDOW VIEW MOVES WITH MINUTI, down the stairs. Doug and
text: Pryzwarra exchange smiles -- this could work.
text: LATER - THE WINDOW shows Minuti's car (the same car that was
text: found later at the ferry dock) driving down a highway at
text: night. The IMAGE IS SHAKY as Gunnars works the controls,
text: struggling to keep up with a moving target.
text: Pryzwarra looks worried as they watch. He whispers to Doug:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Why would he go without backup?
dialog: 58.
text: Doug grows pensive.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Because he thinks that's where I'm
dialog: going. He thinks I went without
dialog: backup.
dialog: (a look)
dialog: "Lone wolf shit."
text: ON SCREEN, Minuti passes Exit 30, eastbound on the L.I.E. A
text: CRACKLE OF STATIC comes from the screen:
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: What's happening ...
text: The image of Minuti on the road FILLS WITH STATIC.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: We're losing the signal.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Goon, keep up with him!
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
text: I can't, he's driving out of range.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: (off Doug's look)
text: The mobile satellite rigs only have a
text: range of about five miles.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Can we get some more antennae out
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: We've only got the goggle rig left.
text: Doug glances up at the mission clock: 4:20am in the past.
speaker_heading: DOUG.
text: Cut away from Minuti. The bomber's due
dialog: at the dock -- we'll pick up Larry
text: when he gets there.
text: IN THE TIME WINDOW, A WIDE ANGLE, taking in most of the FERRY
text: DOCK AND PARKING AREA. The ferry itself is in view, moored
text: and silent. Doug and the team watch intently.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is he ...?
text: Doug checks his laptop: A FREEZE FRAME of the security camera
text: video. The timecode reads 04:40:37AM.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: We should be able to see him by now.
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Maybe he didn't park in the lot.
dialog: (to Gunnars)
dialog: Bring it around in a circle.
text: The WINDOW VIEW pans across the side of the lot, past
text: lightposts, trees, hedges --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold it! Right there. Move in...
text: The VIEW NARROWS until they all see it -- a man in a dark
text: sweatsuit, climbing through one of the hedges.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I wanna see his face.
text: IN THE WINDOW, the man has a camera bag over one shoulder. As
text: he steps onto the dock, the light reaches his face --
text: Doug goes dead pale.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: He was at Claire's funeral!
dialog: The groundskeeper!
text: The man -- his name is CARROLL OERSTADT -- lifts a camcorder
text: to his eye and begins taping, scoping the facility.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: That's it, that's our p.c. right
dialog: there! Where's your partner?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (to Gunnars)
dialog: Pull back. Show me the back of the
dialog: hedge, but don't lose the suspect.
text: The Window retreats to a WIDE DOWN ANGLE, revealing the back
text: of the hedge -- where a red JEEP GRAND CHEROKEE is parked.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Move in on the license plate --
text: Suddenly another car drives past --
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: That's your partner!
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Wait, follow Minuti!
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: We need the plate --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: There is no plate, follow him --
text: THE WINDOW follows Minuti's car into the dock parking lot.
text: Doug looks up at the clock: 4:39AM and counting --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: No wait, back over to the dock, hurry!
text: THE WINDOW PANS OVER to Oerstadt, who is still taping the
text: ferry as Minuti pulls into the lot. The wash of Minuti's
text: HEADLIGHTS passes over him --
text: -- exactly as they did in the security video, startling him
text: exactly as they did before, causing him to step back out of
dialog: view exactly the same way --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: (yelling at Gunnars)
dialog: Move it over, stay with him!
text: THE WINDOW catches up with Oerstadt as Minuti's car suddenly
text: cuts him off from the hedge --
speaker_heading: MINUTI (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Freeze!
text: Oerstadt halts in his tracks, camcorder still in hand.
text: Minuti gets out of the car, weapon drawn:
speaker_heading: MINUTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Federal Agent! Put the camera down and
dialog: drop the bag!
text: Oerstadt starts screaming, absolutely terrified:
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: (a thin mousy whine)
dialog: Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh!
speaker_heading: MINUTI
dialog: Drop the bag! NOW!
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: (bursting into tears)
dialog: I'M SORRY! DON'T KILL ME! TAKE THE
dialog: BAG, TAKE IT, DON'T KILL ME --
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: MINUTI
dialog: (trying to shout over him)
dialog: I'm not -- listen, I'm not going to
dialog: hurt you! Listen! I'M A FEDERAL AGENT!
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: (wailing like a baby)
dialog: DON'T KILL ME, DON'T KILL ME!
dialog: PLEASE DON'T KILL ME!
text: In the lab, Doug and Pryzwarra look at each other -- could
dialog: this actually be the wrong guy? The man tries to drop his
text: shoulder bag but it's caught on his sleeve --
speaker_heading: MINUTI
speaker_heading: CALM DOWN!
dialog: (moving closer)
dialog: I'M NOT GOING TO HURT YOU, DROP THE
speaker_heading: BAG --
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: I'M TRYING, I'M TRYING --
dialog: (the bag's still caught)
dialog: DON'T KILL ME I'M SORRY I'M SORRY --—
text: And it happens too fast to see: Oerstadt transfers the camera
text: to his other hand, revealing a TAZER GUN and FIRES --
text: Both darts fly into Minuti's chest, wires trailing. Minuti
text: jerks and spasms in electrical shock, HIS GUN FIRING WILD --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Larry!
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Jesus!
text: Glass shatters. Minuti falls to his knees -- Oerstadt pulls a
text: crowbar from the bag -- the tears and hysteria instantly gone
text: -- and bashes Minuti across the face once, twice --
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Oh my God!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: No, no, no --!
text: Minuti falls face-first to the ground. Oerstadt hauls his
text: body off the blacktop, drags him back through the hedge --
text: THE WINDOW FOLLOWS to Oerstadt's SUV -- which now has a thick —
text: bullet hole in the back window, so does the side window, an
dialog: apparent exit wound --
text: Oerstadt dumps Minuti's body into the back of the Cherokee
text: and slams it shut, runs to the driver's side --
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Jesus, what do we do?
text: Doug watches the screen, paralyzed.
text: IN THE WINDOW, Oerstadt pulls away from the dock and onto the
text: road, picking up speed fast.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: What are we gonna do?!
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: I don't know ... but pretty soon he'll
dialog: drive out of range.
text: The Cherokee races down the empty road, the TIME WINDOW
text: barely keeping up in the pre-dawn light.
text: Doug stares at the screen, wheels turning, fighting panic --
dialog: until suddenly:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Goggles!
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: What?
text: Doug races to the wall where the ‘goggle rig' hangs on a rack
text: with its backpack. He tears them down and races for the door,
text: swiping the lock with his cardkey --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Keep the phones clear, stay with him!
scene_heading: EXT. TIME WINDOW LAB - DAY
text: Doug bursts through the door and out into broad daylight,
text: temporarily blinded. He hauls the backpack rig over to his
text: car and hurls it into the passenger seat --
scene_heading: INT. DOUG'S CAR - DAY
text: Doug pulls out his cell phone as he peels out of the lot.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - DAY
text: A frenzy of crosstalk as Denny's console phone RINGS --
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Quiet, everybody, it's him!
dialog: (he hits a button)
dialog: Agent Carlin?
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.S.)
dialog: (on speakerphone)
dialog: Where is he now?
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
text: Turning onto Churchill! Headed for the
dialog: Expressway!
scene_heading: INTERCUT - DOUG'S CAR/TIME WINDOW MAIN LAB
text: Doug makes a hard right turn, at the same time reaches over
text: to the backpack, pulls the goggles out of their holster --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (into headset)
dialog: Keep him in sight as long as you can
dialog: and feed me directions! I'll track him
dialog: with the goggle rig!
text: IN THE LAB, the team members all look at each other.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Can he do that?
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Tf he can catch up to the image, and
dialog: keep it in sight ... yeah, that could
dialog: work!
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.S.)
dialog: Somebody tell me how to turn this
dialog: thing on!
text: ON THE EXPRESSWAY, Doug's car rockets out of the on-ramp,
text: speeding and weaving past HEAVY MIDDAY TRAFFIC --
text: IN THE LAB, they're watching Oerstadt's car while Denny feeds
text: instructions to Doug. The image starts to BREAK UP.
speaker_heading: SHANTI
text: Going out of range.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Doug, we have your signal. Try the
dialog: goggles --
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.S.)
dialog: Hold on --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: (watching Oerstadt)
dialog: He's approaching Exit 33! We're losing
dialog: him ...
text: IN THE CAR, Doug struggles to pull on the goggles, passes a
dialog: sign for 'Exit 33 Ahead.'
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Is he getting off the freeway?
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: Can't tell yet --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Did he take the exit? Did he take it?
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.8.)
dialog: We lost the signal! We're blind here.
text: Doug hits a switch on the side of the goggles and brings them
text: up to his eyes, and as he does --
scene_heading: DOUG'S POINT OF VIEW - THE ROAD AHEAD
text: -- and full of cars, WIPES SEAMLESSLY into A PERFECTLY-—
text: MATCHED VIEW of the same highway, rain-slicked and empty,
text: still going by at 90mph.
text: DOUG slips the goggles down his nose, then up again, trying
dialog: to get used to this. Without the goggles: daylight and
text: traffic. With the goggles: rain and empty highway.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Holy ...
text: He puts them back on just in time to see a RED JEEP CHEROKEE,
text: barreling past in the opposite direction --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit!
text: IN THE LAB, Shanti switches the Time Window over to the VIEW
text: FROM DOUG'S GOGGLES as the Jeep passes --
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: That's it -- whoa, there he goes!
text: DOUG jams the wheel into a high-speed U-turn, crossing the
text: grassy meridian, tires spewing earth. He reverses course --
text: -- vaults onto the westbound lanes, not another car in sight
text: on the empty highway --
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.S.)
dialog: Doug, traffic!
text: DOUG pulls the goggles down as a SCREAMING 18-WHEELER BEARS
text: DOWN ON HIM, horns blaring, cars swerving all around --
speaker_heading: DOUG
speaker_heading: WHOA!
text: Doug spins the wheel hard -- the big rig roars past him,
text: filling the highway -- Doug's car fishtails --
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit-shit-shit-shit-shit -- !
text: IN THE MAIN LAB, the WINDOW VIEW veers wildly, matching
dialog: Doug's head movements --
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I lost him, I can't see past this
dialog: truck!
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: We see him!
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Doug, look straight ahead! We've got
dialog: the Window slaved to your goggles.
dialog: He's a quarter mile ahead of you!
text: Doug checks the real-time traffic around him and looks at the
text: truck, timing his move -- then quickly pulls the goggles up --
scene_heading: DOUG'S POV - THROUGH THE GOGGLES
text: as the truck VANISHES, REVEALING Oerstadt's Cherokee pulling
text: into the middle lane, a quarter mile ahead.
text: DOUG weaves through traffic, speeding after him -- pulling
text: the goggles down to watch the road, pulling them back up to
text: check on Oerstadt, back and forth between the present and the
text: past -- A SPLIT-LEVEL CAR CHASE four days apart.
text: IN THE MAIN LAB, Denny watches as Oerstadt's Cherokee tops a
text: slight rise, then dips out of view for a second --
text: DOUG approaches the same rise, traffic all around him --
text: THE WINDOW VIEW tops the rise, revealing Oerstadt and several
text: other cars stopped dead in the middle of the highway by an
text: early morning CONSTRUCTION CREW.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: (reflex)
dialog: LOOK OUT, STOP!
text: DOUG slams on his brakes, squealing rubber in a 90mph skid --
text: CARS VEER AND SWERVE around him, horns blaring, narrowly
dialog: missing him --
text: Doug's car comes to a dead halt in the center lane, CARS
text: SCREAMING BY HIM ON ALL SIDES.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What the hell?!
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: I'm sorry, he stopped!
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.S.)
text: The Jeep's stopped in the middle of
dialog: the highway, Doug! There's some kind
dialog: of construction going on --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Jesus, I'm gonna get killed--!
text: Doug pulls the goggles on --
text: DOUG stares forward in shock. His car has almost completely
text: overlapped the Jeep, both of them stalled in the middle of
text: the highway. He stares at the back of Oerstadt's head,
text: oblivious to the HORNS AND SQUEALING TIRES all around him.
text: Oerstadt turns, slowly, a figure in sinister silhouette. He
text: turns until he's gazing back, back at Doug it seems ... then
text: down into the back seat.
text: Doug follows his gaze down: to LARRY MINUTI, lying on the
text: floor where Doug's feet should be ... bleeding from the head
text: +e. Moaning at the edge of consciousness.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: He's alive! He's still alive --
text: Minuti's image is SUDDENLY WHISKED AWAY as Oerstadt applies
text: the gas and wheels the Jeep hard over. Doug falls backwards
text: through the image as Oerstadt's back seat and rear door RUSH
text: FORWARD AND PASS THROUGH HIM -- leaving him on the road
text: outside watching the Jeep's taillights recede.
text: A BELLOWING HORN AND SQUEALING TIRES snap Doug out of it in
dialog: time to yank the goggles down --
text: A TWO-STORY CHARTER BUS FILLS HIS REAR WINDOW, squealing
text: toward him in an uncontrolled skid. Doug floors the gas and
text: turns out of the way, but too late --
text: The bus clips the back of Doug's car, smashing cut his rear
text: windshield and crushing the left side of his trunk. Doug is
text: thrown into the steering wheel --
text: IN THE LAB, THE WINDOW VIEW spins over and THROUGH the
dialog: stalled cars, the construction site --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Doug -- !
dialog: 67.
text: DOUG'S CAR spins across two lanes of traffic, finally slams
text: to a halt halfway up a drainage ditch. He pulls himself off
text: the wheel, forehead bleeding. A VOICE is shouting in his ear:
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.S.)
dialog: Are you all right? Doug, are you all
dialog: right?!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Where is he?
text: Doug pulls the goggles on -- nothing but white static.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: The goggles are smashed! I can't see
dialog: anything --
text: IN THE MAIN LAB, they've still got a view. The WINDOW shows a
text: SKEWED ANGLE of the shoulder where Doug's car is stalled.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: We still have a signal here!
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: We can talk him through it --
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: We'll talk you through it! Can you
dialog: still drive?
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.S.)
dialog: Which way?
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: (jumping in)
dialog: He took the exit ramp behind you!
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.S.)
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: Just before the spin-out, I saw it,
dialog: too --
scene_heading: EXT. DOUG'S CAR - DAY
text: Wheels spray dirt as Doug's car plows up the side of the
text: ditch and onto the roadbank --
text: IN THE CAR, Doug sets the broken goggles on his dashboard
text: facing out.
text: DOUG'S CAR lands on the exit ramp, back on solid road.
text: Gaining speed, he's headed for a fork --
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Left or right?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: We can't see that way -- !
text: Doug grabs the goggles, aims them one way, then the other --
text: IN THE WINDOW, the road to the right is empty. To the left, a
text: PAIR OF TAILLIGHTS disappears around a bend --
text: EVERYBODY IN THE LAB
text: LEFT, LEFT, GO LEFT -- !
text: DOUG skids through a left turn -- back in pursuit. In pursuit
text: of a Jeep he can't see.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Somebody talk to me!
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.8.)
dialog: You're on him --
text: THE WINDOW VIEW winds along the road, shows Oerstadt's Jeep
text: plowing across railroad tracks, toward the Pine Barrens --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
text: He just crossed the railroad tracks
text: two hundred yards ahead!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Doug?
text: ON DOUG as he stares blankly ahead: there's now a COMMUTER
text: TRAIN approaching the same crossing. He's seconds away from a
dialog: collision --
text: Doug jams the wheel hard, plows off road and parallel to the
text: tracks -- he's racing the train. Pulls even. He times his
text: move, spins hard over --
text: DOUG'S CAR jumps the tracks mere inches from the speeding
text: train. Crunches earth on the opposite side, fishtails, plows
text: through someone's backyard and back out onto the road --
text: IN THE WINDOW, Oerstadt's Jeep is now dead ahead, coming
text: around the curve that Doug just skipped.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You've got him! Great shortcut!
text: Doug takes a deep breath, lets it go in a shaky rush.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah! Great shortcut.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.S.)
text: He's headed into the Pine Barrens.
dialog: From here it should be a much slower
dialog: ride.
text: Doug's car decelerates to a manageable 45mph, heading off
text: down the road into winding woodland.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PINE BARRENS - DAY
text: Tall trees, dirt roads ... deep, deep woods. DOUG'S CAR winds
text: through pine and brush, approaching a clearing.
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.S.)
text: He's slowing down considerably now ...
dialog: Do you see that?
text: A BURNED-OUT, COLLAPSED BUNGALOW fills the clearing,
text: surrounded on all sides by steep evergreens. The place is
text: blasted to ruin, a roofless black shell.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah, I see it. What's he doing now?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
text: He's pulling over to the right of the
text: bungalow ... he's parking there.
text: Doug stops the car a few dozen yards away and gets out, the
text: goggles around his neck. He surveys the wreckage:
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Looks like another bomb went off.
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.8.)
dialog: Really? We're seeing a finished house.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: No damage?
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.8.)
dialog: None.
text: Doug pulls out the backpack, puts it over one shoulder.
speaker_heading: GUNNARS (0.8.)
dialog: You've got about ten minutes' charge
dialog: left in the pack ...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Can you still see this way?
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah, this works.
dialog: 70.
text: Doug approaches the blackened facade of the bungalow, his
text: shoes crunching over charred timber. Something stops him:
text: Skid marks deep in the forest soil. His gaze follows them
text: over to a LARGE HOLE in the bungalow's front wall.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
text: Doug, he's pulling Minuti out of the
dialog: car.
text: Doug looks to where Oerstadt parked -- now an empty area of
text: flattened grass. He watches, listening. Over his headset, he
text: can FAINTLY HEAR the sounds from the Time Window:
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: Can you boost the audio?
text: The hiss over Doug's headset JUMPS IN VOLUME. He hears A MAN
text: straining with a burden. Then something dragging ... being
text: dragged. Through the grass, towards the house.
text: Doug follows, tracing every invisible step as it happens, a
text: scene straight out of Rebecca.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
text: He's taking him inside ...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Is Larry moving?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: Can't tell yet.
text: THE SOUND OF A SCREEN DOOR slapping shut. Doug follows to the
text: front of the house, retracing Oerstadt's steps, through the
text: hole and into what's left of the interior ...
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW - DAY
text: The charred remains of a stolen ambulance lie nose-first ina
text: deep sinkhole in the middle of the floor. Doug surveys the
text: blackened hulk.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Do you see a vehicle inside?
dialog: An ambulance?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: No, nothing.
text: THE SOUND OF A BODY BEING DRAGGED continues, past Doug,
text: across the floor.
text: The room beyond the wrecked ambulance is almost featureless,
text: save for ragged shards of wall, black debris ... and A SINGLE
text: METAL ARMCHAIR bolted to what's left of the floor.
dialog: 71.
text: In Doug's ear, the chair creaks.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.8.) (CONT'D)
text: He's putting Larry into a chair.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I see it.
dialog: (he calls out)
dialog: Larry?
text: No answer. Doug starts to look around --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: Don't turn away -- !
speaker_heading: DENNY (0.S.)
dialog: We need to stay wide on the chair.
text: Doug puts the backpack down, sets the goggles on top of it,
text: facing the chair.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Let me know if he moves out of frame.
text: A LOUD TEARING SOUND suddenly fills the headset.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: What is that -- is that duct tape?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: Ah, yeah ... he's, ah ...
dialog: (clears his throat)
text: He's taping Larry to the chair.
text: Doug approaches that chair, dread building in him. He looks
text: down at it -- and notices dark bands on each armrest, where
text: residual adhesive has trapped extra soot. He looks closer:
text: Not just soot. Blood. A lot of it. Down the arms of the
dialog: chair, down the legs --
text: Lying in the soot, he spots A PAIR OF GARDEN SHEARS, the kind
text: with big rubber handles, thick enough to cut bone ...
text: Over his headset, A WEAK MOAN.
speaker_heading: SHANTI (0.8.)
dialog: Oh God, he's waking up ...
text: The moan is SUDDENLY MUFFLED by another stretch of duct tape.
text: Doug's face goes dead slack.
text: Picks up the sheers ... notices a metal floorplate. He drops
text: to his knees, pounds on the plate:
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Larry! LARRY!
text: OVER HIS HEADSET, a new sound: LIQUID SPLASHING HEAVILY onto
text: the chair. Members of the team can be heard gasping.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that? What is that?!
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: (clearing his throat
dialog: again, voice thick)
dialog: That's, ah ... he's pouring some kind
text: ef accelerant over Agent Minuti.
text: Doug is frantic now, running his hands through the scot,
text: brushing the plate clear, until suddenly he finds a handle:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I found something, hold on!
text: Drawing his weapon, Doug grabs the handle, holds his gun
text: ready, and heaves the plate up and open with a crash --
text: ON DOUG, as he stares down into the hole in blank horror.
text: Finally he finds words.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone, brace yourselves ... you're
text: about to witness a murder.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB
text: Pryzwarra spins away from the Window:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Everybody out! Out! NOW!
text: Shanti, Gunnars and all the other technicians abandon their
text: stations, heading for the door -- everyone but Denny --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: You, too!
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: You DO NOT want to watch this, Doctor--
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Somebody has to stay with the machine!
text: Suddenly the sound of BLOODCURDLING SCREAMING spins them back
text: to the Window -- both men look absolutely horrified --
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW
text: Doug tears his headset off -- in horror, in rage, in sheer
text: helplessness -- fists jammed into his eyes as the SCREAMING
text: CONTINUES. It's all he can do to hold on...
text: Then he catches sight of something else, something in the
text: floorboards near the chair. He grows silent, almost numb as
text: he reaches out for it. He pulls it free ...
text: It's a single earring. Blue pearl.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - EVENING
text: The bungalow is now an official FBI crime scene, cordoned off
text: by INVESTIGATORS and CSI TECHS.
text: One agent reaches into the pit where Minuti's body was found.
text: Pulls out a folded packet of what look like blueprints ...
text: and a thick scrapbook overflowing with photos and clippings.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - EVENING
text: Doug stands, stares cut at the forest. An AGENT wearing a
text: headset approaches him.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: If it makes a difference -- and I know
dialog: it doesn't -- we've identified him.
dialog: His name is Carroll Oerstadt, and he's
dialog: booked on a flight to Paris tonight.
text: Doug nods.
speaker_heading: AGENT (CONT'D)
dialog: You found him just in time.
text: Doug just looks at him.
scene_heading: INT. DOUG'S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Doug drives back to Brookhaven, his face a sullen mask.
scene_heading: INT. TIME WINDOW LAB - NIGHT
text: Pryzwarra and the team are arguing as Doug enters:
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: If we hadn't sent him there, he
dialog: wouldn't be dead now...
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: No, he was already been dead from the
dialog: ferry, we just changed how he died --
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: How do you know that? We just used a
dialog: Time Machine! For all you know, he was
dialog: standing right next to you till the
dialog: second we sent that note back!
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: We didn't change anything. We can't.
dialog: That's what I've been trying to tell
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We changed one thing.
text: Everyone turns. Doug walks past them, faces the Window.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
text: The suspect was driving a stolen Jeep
text: Cherokee when he cased the dock. It
dialog: was big enough to drive the bomb onto
dialog: the ferry, and he'd already changed
text: the plates. He already had an SUV.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then Larry showed up and put bullet
text: holes in the windshield and left blood
text: all over the back seat.
text: The team members wait. Doug turns to look at the Window --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: So now ... he needs a new car.
text: The team members grow silent as the full implication of that
text: fact hits them.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: No ...!
text: IN THE WINDOW, Claire enters her house with a bag of
text: groceries and dumps her keys into a dish near the door. Her
text: cat trots off after her as she heads into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, lil' scruff ...
text: Doug watches the screen. Helpless.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - TERMINAL - DAY
text: Carroll Oerstadt sits comfortably in an airport chair, travel
text: bag at his feet. Just another passenger waiting for a flight.
dialog: But the longer we watch the more obvious it is: Oerstadt is
text: highly aware of everything around him.
dialog: 75.
text: Other passengers, the ticket counter, a pair of flight
text: attendants strolling past ... his eyes miss nothing.
dialog: And so he notices when --
text: An AIRPORT SECURITY GUARD reaches for his pager. He reads the
text: display, looks surprised. Moves away quickly, just as --
text: At the ticket counter, a black phone BUZZES, and a SUPERVISOR
text: hurries to pick it up. Listens a moment, nods. Hangs up, goes
text: to the nearest COUNTER ATTENDANT, speaks low in her ear --
text: Through the windows, in the street, a POLICE TRUCK pulls up --
text: Oerstadt doesn't hesitate. He picks up his bag, walks quickly
text: toward a BAGGAGE INSPECTOR. Oerstadt is suddenly DISTRAUGHT --
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: I only left my bag for a minute!
dialog: I swear! A minute!
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: Is there a problem?
text: Oerstadt drops his bag, pushes it at the Inspector.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: I came back from the bathroom and
text: a man was doing something with it. He
dialog: ran away.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: Did he take anything?
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: (sudden panic)
dialog: NO, he DIDN'T take anything! You think
dialog: he left something? I was only gone for
dialog: a minute! What if he planted a bomb?
dialog: Oerstadt said that a little too loud --
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The Inspector, carrying Oerstadt's bag, leads Oerstadt toward
dialog: the Security Office --
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - SECURITY OFFICE - DAY
text: Oerstadt enters and waits. SECURITY PERSONNEL hurry past on
text: their way out, but take no notice of him.
text: IN THE FOREGROUND, a printer prints out a photograph: a black
text: and white enlargement of OERSTADT'S DRIVER'S LICENSE PHOTO. A
text: SECRETARY takes the photo to a copier, passing by Oerstadt
dialog: but not making the connection --
dialog: 76.
text: The Inspector gestures to a small waiting area. Heads off
text: with the travel bag.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: This will be just a minute.
text: Oerstadt looks over toward the waiting area. Plastic chairs
text: along a wall, beyond them, a door marked EXIT.
scene_heading: INT. MAINTENANCE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Oerstadt, alone, moves quickly down the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL WALKWAY - DAY
text: Oerstadt exits a door into the wide public walkway. He is
text: very aware of the security camera up near the ceiling. Walks
text: briskly away from the airport, toward the parking garages.
text: Oerstadt arrives before an elevator. He looks longingly
dialog: toward the stairs, but no, a normal passenger would take the
text: elevator. Hits the button.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY
text: The doors close. Oerstadt punches the button for Parking
text: Level One, and waits.
text: The lights flicker off. Then back on again.
text: Oerstadt punches 'Pl' again, several times. No movement.
text: He hits the 'Door Open' button -- nothing. Looks up, sees the
dialog: security camera --—
text: POV: SECURITY CAMERA FOOTAGE, BLACK & WHITE, looking down at
text: Oerstadt. He smiles ruefully, nods his head, resigned. Slides
text: down the side of the elevator to a sitting position, arms on
text: his knees.
text: Confined in the small space by four close walls, he already
text: looks like he's in jail --
text: -- as the doors split and FBI agents race in, guns raised --
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY
text: Oerstadt sits on his hands, rocking on his chair. His eyes
text: shift to McCready as enters and sits opposite, next to Doug.
text: Pryzwarra hangs by the wall.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: I'd like to know why you did it.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Did what?
dialog: 77.
text: McCready just stares at him.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Oh gosh! I'm in trouble, aren't I?
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Why did you cut off her fingers?
text: Oerstadt hesitates, looks slyly at McCready. His hand comes
text: up, rubs at the mostly-healed scratches down one cheek.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: (whispers, their secret)
dialog: You know that.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Why did you pick Claire Kuchever in
dialog: the first place?
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: I needed a car!
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: (worried)
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: And that doesn't bother you?
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Should it bother me?
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Okay! It bothers me!
text: Oerstadt leans down, as if for the benefit of the microphone.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: I went to her house on the pretense of
dialog: buying her car. And then I taped her
text: mouth and then I threw a hood over her
dialog: head. And then I stole her car, and
dialog: then I took her to my cabin, and then
dialog: I soaked her in gasoline and...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Then?
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: (smiles at Doug)
dialog: I think you know what happened after
dialog: that!
dialog: (back to McCready)
dialog: And now ... now I feel really bad.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: She was innocent. They all were.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: I know, but ... you don't understand
dialog: «+. the whole story.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: 78.
dialog: Why don't you tell us the whole story?
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Gosh, I don't know the whole story!
dialog: Maybe, maybe, she, could have gotten
text: drunk the next night, swerved over the
dialog: line and killed five people. So when I
dialog: killed her, I saved them!
dialog: (neds, like it makes
dialog: sense)
dialog: See?
text: Pryzwarra can't take it any more. He gets in Oerstadt's faces:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Fuck that! By far the most likely
dialog: scenario is that if you weren't a
dialog: goddamn psychopath, those people would
dialog: be alive today!
text: Oerstadt's voice drops to a whisper.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Unlikely things happen to me all the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Like a plane that blows up, without
dialog: explanation, in mid-air?
text: Doug dumps Oerstadt's scrapbook onto the table.
text: yellowed press clippings spill out in a fan...
dialog: about the Flight 800 disaster.
dialog: Photos and
dialog: all of them
text: Oerstadt looks over -- and we see the intelligence behind his
text: eyes for the first time, unmasked. He sits up straight.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Yes. Like that.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Are you the good cop?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Is that why you did it?
text: Oerstadt thinks ... all pretense of fear gone.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Sure, why not? An angry man,
text: distraught over losing a loved one on
text: the ‘ill fated' Flight 800, blames the
dialog: military for the disaster and
text: subsequent cover-up. He strikes back
text: through a senseless terrorist act.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Tell that to the families, they'll
dialog: appreciate the closure.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: You didn't lose anyone on that flight.
text: Oerstadt taps a finger onto one of the press clippings, pulls
text: it clear of the pile and slides it over to McCready.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: I did. Her name was Melissa Jean
dialog: Brooks, she was twenty-six years old
dialog: and she died on that flight.
text: Doug leans over, spins the press clipping around and shoves
dialog: it back at Oerstadt:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: No. We already checked with her
dialog: friends and family. You never knew
dialog: her. You picked a woman at random on
dialog: that flight to obsess over, and that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: She was the love of my life.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You never even met her.
text: Oerstadt leans forward.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: If that plane hadn't gone down ... how
dialog: do you know I might not have met her?
text: Doug stares back. He has no answer to that. Shakes off the
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You admit that you set a bomb onto the
dialog: Orient Point ferry?
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Yes, Agent Carlin. I set a bomb onto
dialog: the Orient Point ferry.
dialog: A straightforward confession. It's a bit of a shock to all
dialog: three men.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: You don't seem very ... concerned.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Yeah, weird, huh?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: How is that?
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: I don't know. But somehow, I know that
dialog: I'll never be convicted for any of
dialog: this. In fact ... I don't think this
dialog: case will even go to trial.
text: He smiles at Pryzwarra ... then McCready ... then Doug.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - DAY
text: Jack McCready stands before the team.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: We're shutting you down.
text: Everyone in the lab is stunned.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Will you tell us why?
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: We've got what we need. The forensics,
dialog: the suspect, a confession. We're done.
dialog: Everyone talks at once --
speaker_heading: SHANTI
dialog: You can't --
speaker_heading: GUNNARS
dialog: We can't stop now --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: Sir, I really think we need more
dialog: evidence to make a conviction stick --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (off Pryzwarra)
dialog: He's right!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: DOUG (cont'd)
dialog: The confession could be ruled
dialog: inadmissible. We need to keep
dialog: gathering evidence --
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Gathering evidence would have been
dialog: fine, Agent Carlin, but you went
dialog: further than that, didn't you?
text: Doug starts to say something, stops -- he has no defense.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY (CONT'D)
dialog: We had protocols in place, Agent
dialog: Carlin. Strict protocols. But you had
text: to push. And now an agent's dead.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: That would have happened anyway --
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: We're done here, people. Power it
dialog: down, lock your stations, and
dialog: surrender your cardkeys outside.
text: Experiment's over.
text: McCready marches out, headed for the door --
speaker_heading: DOUG,
dialog: What about Claire Kuchever?
text: McCready stops.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
text: Charging Oerstadt in the Kuchever
dialog: murder would raise too many questions
dialog: about how we obtained the evidence.
dialog: We can't risk it.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: So we're dropping the case?
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: We have him on the ferry bombing, and
dialog: killing a Federal Agent. That's
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What do we tell her family?
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: Nothing. Her case will remain open,
dialog: and her murder will go unsolved --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You can't do that! He's going to kill
dialog: her in six hours --
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: MCCREADY
dialog: He killed her four days ago! You were
dialog: at her funeral. What's wrong with you?
text: A final look at Doug ... then McCready exits. Doug watches
text: him go ... then turns and glares at Pryzwarra.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN - RHIC RING - DAY
text: Doug marches away from the lab. Pryzwarra catches up to him.
text: Doug spins around, about to deck him when --
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I swear, Doug, I didn't say anything
dialog: about the warning!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Then how did he find out?
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: I don't know -- maybe he fired up the
dialog: Window four days from now and watched
dialog: us do it and sent himself a note!
dialog: I don't know!
dialog: 
text: Doug's glare softens. He claps Pryzwarra on the shoulder, a
text: silent apology. As he turns to go:
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Doug ...
dialog: (Doug waits)
dialog: It's not your fault Claire dies.
text: Doug tries to smile.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah ... that's one theory.
text: He heads away up the ring. Pryzwarra watches him go.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TIME WINDOW LAB - LATER
text: Denny, Gunnars and Shanti are the last of the team to finish
text: powering down their stations. Shanti glances up at the clock,
text: opens a VIDEO FEED WINDOW on her monitor.
text: ON SCREEN: a MEMORIAL SERVICE in progress --
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Airman Steven Healy. Patricia Hewitt.
dialog: Megan Ann Hewitt. Sonar Technician
dialog: Lamont Hicks.
dialog: 83.
text: Each name is accompanied by a PHOTOGRAPH -- wedding pictures,
text: grade school photos, sailors in uniform.
text: The tally of the dead continues, name after name, THROUGH:
scene_heading: INT. CALVERTON HANGAR - DAY
text: The harvest of body bags has grown. More are being added.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (V.O.)
dialog: Lieutenant Junior Grade Dianne Kerry.
dialog: Martin Kyle. Commander Francis Lacey,
dialog: retired. Elaine Lacey ...
scene_heading: EXT. DEBRIS FIELD (UNDERWATER) - DAY
text: Navy divers descend into the murky waters, silhouettes
text: against rippling sunlight.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (V.O.)
text: Chief Petty Officer Darren McAndrews.
dialog: Lorraine McAndrews. Electronics
dialog: Technician Lisa Melville. Chaplain
dialog: Rabbi Benjamin Mendelsson.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY DOCK - DAY
text: A flag at half-mast whipping in a grey wind. Hundreds of
text: people are gathered at the dock in silence, many holding
text: candles, many holding each other.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (over speakers)
dialog: Seaman Apprentice Clarence Pittman.
dialog: Coretta Pittman. Duane Pittman.
scene_heading: XEROXED PHOTOGRAPHS, HANDWRITTEN POEMS, CRAYON DRAWINGS cover
text: every available surface of the dock gates. Beneath them,
text: candles, flowers, several rosaries, a teddy bear.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Operations Specialist Joanne Van Epp.
dialog: Fireman David Watts. Carol Watts.
text: DOUG stands alone, staring at the memorials, wind whipping
text: his hair. He looks to the horizon -- where a lighthouse
text: stands on the Sound.
scene_heading: INT. CLATRE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The Crime Scene people have left their mark: police tape,
text: evidence markers, etc. Janice's dolls lie in their corner
text: basket. Claire's illustrations remain tacked over her desk.
text: DOUG stands in the middle of the room, silent.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Doug wanders the kitchen like a fading ghost. He picks up
text: Claire's tomato timer, rolls it in his hand as he walks.
text: He notices the cat bowls at the foot of the refrigerator,
text: empty. Looks up, sees -- the magnetic poetry on the
text: refrigerator door, undisturbed. Four words:
dialog: YOU CAN SAVE HER
text: His eyes narrow. Underneath it is one of Claire's sketches,
text: girl playing with her dog. The caption reads "Play Dead!"
text: Doug suddenly whips around. He marches through the living
text: room, is running by the time he hits the front door --
scene_heading: INT. DOUG'S CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Doug speeds through traffic, practicing something aloud.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: "Hi, you don't know me ... I'm Special
dialog: Agent Doug Carlin."
dialog: (shaking it away)
dialog: No, shit ...
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL EXAMINER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Dr. Vavala looks up as Doug suddenly strides in --
speaker_heading: VAVALA
dialog: Agent Carlin! What can I do for you?
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: I need to obtain someone's complete
dialog: medical records. And I need them as
dialog: quickly as possible.
speaker_heading: VAVALA
dialog: All right. Whose?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Mine.
scene_heading: INT. DOUG'S CAR - MOVING
text: Doug speaks aloud to no one again:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: "What if you had to tell someone the
dialog: most important thing in the world, but
dialog: you knew they'd never believe you?"
dialog: (grins)
dialog: That could work ...
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKHAVEN - GUARD SHACK - EVENING
text: Doug is at the security gate, the guard at his window:
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: We were told that the project ended
dialog: earlier today.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It is ending today, it's still ending,
dialog: and I'm on my way in there to help it
dialog: finish ending.
text: The guard hesitates ...
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Kenny, I bought you guys
dialog: pizza!
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKHAVEN - MAIN LAB - EVENING
text: Doug strolls a bit too quickly to the outer security door of
text: the facility. Swipes his cardkey through the reader --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Come on, come on, still work.
text: A RED LIGHT flashes a zero tone at him.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit!
dialog: 
text: He swipes the card again -- gets the red light again. He's
dialog: about to try a third time --
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Do that one more time, and you set off
dialog: every alarm they've got.
text: Denny reaches past Doug, swipes his card, gets a green light.
speaker_heading: DENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: The only thing I haven't figured out
dialog: is... how are you gonna do it?
text: Doug looks surprised ... then walks in without a word. Denny
text: follows.
scene_heading: INT. TIME WINDOW LAB - MINUTES LATER
text: Denny moves between stations, activating the Time Window.
text: On his console is a folded-out map of Long Island with one
text: area circled in red. Denny manipulates Shanti's console until
text: the display shows the same area.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: We've only got a few minutes before
dialog: they bust in here and shut us down.
dialog: Again.
text: Doug stands in front of the Time Window. Apprehensive.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You don't have to do this --
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Oh yes I do! You're going to try to go
dialog: back, no matter what I say, correct?
dialog: (doesn't wait for an
dialog: answer)
dialog: If I don't want you to ruin our
dialog: collider in the process I absolutely
dialog: have to do this.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What makes you so sure?
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: (a laugh)
dialog: You'll see.
text: For some reason, Doug has Claire's tomato timer in his hands.
text: He turns it over and over as he waits.
text: Behind him, THE TIME WINDOW ACTIVATES in a burst of static,
text: coalescing, resolving. Doug looks back --
text: IN THE WINDOW: a view of SEVERAL PEOPLE IN ROBES AND PAJAMAS,
text: watching a baseball game on TV?
speaker_heading: DENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: Yeah, that's it.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: Hah! Unbelievable.
text: Doug takes his gun from under his jacket. Hikes up his pant
text: leg and sticks it into an ankle holster. Hiking up his other
text: pant leg, he does the same with his Bureau I.D.
speaker_heading: DENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Almost ready ...
text: Doug waits, growing restless as the HUM OF MACHINERY around
text: him increases. He turns the timer in his hands.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: DENNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Now?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah. No. Wait ...
text: Doug takes something from under his jacket -- a typewritten
text: sheet of paper -- and pins it to his lapel.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (Denny just stares at him)
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: DENNY
dialog: You know ... you're gonna die here.
dialog: There's no way around that, you are
dialog: going to die.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I know ...
text: Doug looks sick. Denny keys in the final sequence. Doug
text: starts taking air in shallow gasps, heart pounding. Then --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Doctor?
dialog: (Denny lceoks up)
dialog: If you ever manage to perfect this
dialog: thing ... I'd really love to know what
dialog: happened to that plane.
text: It takes Denny a moment to understand. Then he nods.
text: A SUDDEN BUZZING at the door startles them both. The door
text: remains locked. Someone has just been denied access to the
text: lab by the re-coded security lock.
text: LOUD POUNDING follows. Denny checks his console.
speaker_heading: DENNY
text: Ten seconds.
text: The HUM of machinery becomes a HIGH WHINE. Doug winds
text: Claire's tomato timer. Puts it into his jacket pocket.
text: MORE POUNDING at the doors.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.)
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: Doug! Doug!
text: Doug closes his eyes as the WINDOW BENDS OUTWARDS, like a
text: sail filling with wind, just as it did with the note.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Don't do it! Don't!!!
text: Doug whispers something under his breath -- it could be a
dialog: prayer, it could be a curse, we'll never know -- as the
text: WINDOW ENVELOPS HIM -- the LIGHT BECOMES BLINDING, the WHINE
text: BECOMES DEAFENING -- and at the last moment Doug opens his
text: eyes and screams ...
text: Suddenly EVERYTHING RECEDES INTO DARKNESS. Denny, the lab,
text: all of it becomes A TINY DOT OF WHITE LIGHT and winks out.
text: Silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN (0.S.)
dialog: shit!
speaker_heading: SOMEBODY ELSE (0.S.)
dialog: Get it back.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN (0.S.)
dialog: I'm tryin'.
dialog: (more silence)
dialog: Damn remote ...
text: PULL BACK SLOWLY from the darkness, revealing:
text: A dead television screen. On a wall-mounted TV. In what looks
dialog: to be a waiting room .
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN MEDICAL - EMERGENCY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Populated by people in robes and pajamas. Some of whom have
text: I.V. bags, all of whom are shouting:
speaker_heading: PEOPLE
dialog: Come on! Get the game back on! What's
dialog: the problem?
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: (clicking the remote)
dialog: I'm tryin'! Damn thing's broken!
text: The man CLICKS the remote -- and a LOUD RINGING STARTS.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that? Did it work?
text: But the RINGING sound isn't coming from the television. The
text: Elderly Man turns, listening ...
speaker_heading: SOMEBODY ELSE (0.S.)
dialog: What is it, Tee?
text: The Elderly Man shuffles toward the RINGING, sees --
dialog: 89.
text: -- a STONE COLD CORPSE slumped on the floor behind a chair,
text: arms limp, skin pale blue.
text: Special Agent Doug Carlin is lying dead in the corner of the
text: emergency room at Brookhaven Medical Center. Eyes wide open,
text: CLAIRE'S TIMER RINGING in his pocket ... and a sheet of paper
text: pinned to his lapel. In big letters:
scene_heading: PLEASE REVIVE ME
text: The group of patients loom over him in disbelief --
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN MEDICAL - OPERATING ROOM
text: Double doors burst open as Doug is wheeled-in on a gurney
text: surrounded by a TRAUMA TEAM. They reach an operating table:
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: On three! One -- two -- three!
text: Doug's body lands hard. Doctors tear his shirt open, calling
text: out vital signs, prepping the crash cart. One of them tears
text: the paper off of his lapel and does a double take:
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Doctor, this looks like his medical
dialog: history.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Look, it's one of our forms --
text: The doctor scans it quickly --
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: The name's blacked out!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: All right, I'm gonna shock him! Stand
dialog: back everybody -- Clear! --
text: The Doctor applies the paddles --
text: DOUG'S POV -- A FLASH OF VISION. Bright lights, doctors
text: shouting ... then it all fades to BLACK.
text: ANOTHER FLASH: Doctors shouting, rush of noise ... and it all
text: fades to BLACK.
text: Then ... a FAINT BEEPING, growing louder. Steady. The beep of
text: a HEART MONITOR. And light ... hospital lights above.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Doug's eyes open slowly.
text: He's lying on a bed, shirt torn but still fully clothed.
text: He blinks harder, completely disoriented. He stares at --
text: The heart monitor. Numbers on it keep changing. A RED DIGITAL
text: READOUT. Just like a clock.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKHAVEN MEDICAL - CORRIDOR
text: A DOCTOR and NURSE walk down the hall -- when Doug bursts
text: through the door and into the hallway.
text: Doug hits the wall opposite them and careens away up the
text: corridor, still groggy but running as fast as he can --
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (behind him)
dialog: Hey! HEY! Clara, call Security, get
dialog: two orderlies up here now! --
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Doug lurches into the stairwell and runs, all but falling
text: down the steps, racing for the first floor --
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKHAVEN MEDICAL —- AMBULANCE BAY - NIGHT
text: TWO PARAMEDICS sit on the bumper of their ambulance, having a
text: smoke. DOUG erupts from a side door. He runs toward them
text: hopping on one leg, pulls a badge from his sock:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Federal Agent! I need a vehicle!
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC ONE
dialog: Whoa! Fine, keys are in there!
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC TWO
dialog: Ho, wait a minute, you can't take an
dialog: ambulance, what are you, crazy?
text: Doug hops on his other leg long enough to draw his gun:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I said I need a vehicle! Now!
dialog: STEP AWAY!
text: The Paramedics back off. Doug gets in the driver's side,
text: peels out of the lot in a drunken swerve --
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE —- NIGHT
text: Doug struggles with the wheel, sideswiping several parked
text: cars as he maneuvers out of the lot and into traffic.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Time, time, what time is it --
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND EXPRESSWAY - NIGHT
text: The ambulance roars down the highway, passing Exit 34 --
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE —- NIGHT
text: Doug plugs a cell phone charger into the dash, powers it up.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Come on, come on, come on!
text: The face of the cell phone lights up: "07/04 1:07AM"
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: No! Shit-shit-shit--
text: He leans on the gas harder, throws the siren on --
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND EXPRESSWAY - NIGHT
text: Doug's ambulance barrels down the road, siren blaring.
scene_heading: INTERCUT FLASH IMAGES - AMBULANCE AND BUNGALOW
text: The bungalow door swings open -- Oerstadt's silhouette fills
text: the frame, dragging something behind him.
text: DOUG'S EYES narrow at the wheel.
text: Oerstadt drags A SCREAMING WOMAN across the floor. Her
text: screams are muffled, face hidden under a muslin hood.
text: DOUG makes the turnoff for the Pine Barrens, tires squealing.
text: OERSTADT drags the woman over to the metal chair bolted into
text: the floor. Her heels scrape the floor as she screams.
text: DOUG wipes the sweat out of his eyes, squints, searching --
text: Oerstadt heaves the woman off the floor -- she gets an arm
text: free and claws at his face. Deep gouges, a rush of blood. He
text: punches her in the head -- a BLUE PEARL EARRING falls --
text: DOUG swerves down a wooded dirt road, fighting panic --
text: OERSTADT tapes the woman's wrists to the chair -- she
text: struggles, he ignores it --
dialog: 92.
text: DOUG is lost. He slams the brakes, throws into reverse,
text: wheels spinning dirt, backing up --
text: DIESEL FUEL pours onto the woman, splashing her hood, dousing
text: her clothes -- Oerstadt empties a five-gallon drum over her --
text: The woman seizes and gasps, her cries muffled; she's
text: struggling to breathe. Oerstadt looks down at her hands, at
text: her splayed fingers:
text: Blood under her nails.
text: He goes to a workbench, takes a pair of GARDEN SHEARS from
text: its hook. Brings the shears to her fingers until all five are
text: between the blades, just above the knuckle. She screams, in a
text: kicking frenzy, unable to move.
text: He grips the handles, squeezes --
text: AND AN AMBULANCE COMES CRASHING THROUGH THE WALL BEHIND HIM.
text: Oerstadt whirls in shock, pelted by splinters and glass. He
text: drops to the floor, crawls for cover --
text: DOUG pushes out of the ambulance, weapon up and out:
speaker_heading: DOUG,
dialog: Freeze! Federal Agent!
text: He aims into every corner, spinning, searching.
text: Oerstadt is gone. The ambulance lights strobe red-and-white,
text: casting eerie shadows, its headlights shining bright.
text: A FIGURE DARTS THROUGH THE LIGHTS. Doug tracks it --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: I SAID FREEZE!
text: Doug fires a round. The silhouette freezes --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
text: DOWN ON THE GROUND! NOW! ON THE
speaker_heading: GROUND!
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Oh my gosh ... oh my gosh! I'm sorry!
text: Oerstadt shuffles out of the headlights, hands up, crying --
speaker_heading: OERSTADT (CONT'D)
text: DON'T KILL ME, DON'T KILL ME, PLEASE
dialog: DON'T KILL ME -- !
text: And it happens too fast to see: he fires a tazer at Doug.
text: Who catches the wires and yanks, pulling Oerstadt off his
text: feet -- where Doug headbutts him full in the face.
dialog: 93.
text: Oerstadt staggers, falls back. Doug yanks him forward again
text: and punches him in the mouth. Oerstadt crashes onto his back.
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: FACE DOWN ON THE GROUND! NOW!
speaker_heading: ROLL OVER!
dialog: (he kicks Oerstadt over)
dialog: NOW!
text: Oerstadt rolls over. Doug kicks the tazer away, circles him
text: with his gun -- it's taking everything he has not to shoot
dialog: this guy.
text: Doug reaches into his jacket for his phone, never taking his
text: eyes off Oerstadt -- when suddenly the ambulance dips behind
text: him, its front wheels CRACKING THROUGH THE FLOORBOARDS --
text: And Oerstadt is on him instantly, slashing with the garden
text: shears, KNOCKING DOUG'S GUN AWAY --
text: Doug falls, Oerstadt lunges, blades snapping at Doug's face.
text: Doug jumps up onto the hood. Oerstadt bears down with the
text: shears, aiming at Doug's neck --
text: Doug grabs the blades, holds them open with his bare hands.
text: He cries out in pain -- blood appears between his fingers --
text: yanks hard to one side --
text: The blades punch through the metal hood next to Doug's neck
text: ««. and then there's a loud SPLINTERING SOUND, the ambulance
scene_heading: DIPS VIOLENTLY -—
text: THE ENTIRE FLOOR GIVES WAY, TIPPING THE AMBULANCE NOSE-FIRST
text: INTO A SINKHOLE.
text: Oerstadt rolls off, but Doug falls in -- looks up to see the
text: ambulance SLIDING DOWN TO CRUSH HIM. He ducks, it stops short
text: -- but now he's trapped under the vehicle.
text: FRANTIC FOOTSTEPS above. Doug edges out. He hears SOUNDS:
text: something heavy rolling across the floor. Crunching grass. A
text: door slams, a motor starts.
text: Doug stands up just in time to see TAILLIGHTS DISAPPEAR
text: OUTSIDE. His face goes slack.
dialog: Oerstadt got away.
text: Failure. Doug retrieves his gun -- then whirls --
text: The woman is still taped to the chair. Hooded and bound.
text: Doug approaches. She turns suddenly beneath the hood, her
text: breath freezing at his approach.
dialog: 94.
text: Doug halts, a mix of fear and wonder. Is it really her?
text: He reaches for the hood -- stops suddenly to wipe his face
text: and fix his hair, a kid on a prom date, ridiculous moment --
text: reaches for the hood again.
text: The SHADOW OF HIS HAND brings a whimper from the woman.
text: Doug takes the hood in his fingers and lifts ... revealing
text: duct tape ... lifts it off of her face completely ...
text: Douglas Carlin and Claire Anne Kuchever stare into each
text: other's eyes for the first time. Doug is breathless.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus, you're real.
text: Claire SCREAMS THROUGH THE TAPE, eyes bright with terror --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: No=-no-no, IT'S OKAY, IT'S ALL RIGHT!
dialog: Look, I'm a Federal Agent! -- wait --
text: (fumbles with his jacket,
text: thrusts his I.D. at her)
dialog: I'm a Federal Agent! I'm here to get
dialog: you out, it's okay, he's gone!
dialog: 
text: Claire's screams trail off into violent sobbing. Doug pulls
text: the tape off of her mouth --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: GET ME OUT OF HERE!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I will, I promise! Hold still --
text: Doug peels at the tape around her wrists but can't get his
text: fingers under it. He scratches at it, fumbling. Claire's
text: tears subside. He smiles awkwardly at her.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Just be a minute. Hi...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I'm Doug Carlin ...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Claire Kuchever.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Hi.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hi...
text: He shakes her bound hand, a dainty little tug. Then looks at
text: her fingers and smiles -- all ten still there.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is he? Did you catch him?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: No. He drove off ...
dialog: (a beat, it hits him)
dialog: In your car.
text: Doug ponders that for a moment. Which is when THE INCENDIARY
text: BOMB GOES OFF BEHIND HIM.
text: FIRESHOT scatters through what's left of the bungalow. THE
text: FLOOR IGNITES AT ONCE, flames running across spilled fuel --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh my God -- !!
text: Doug claws at the tape, Claire strains at her bonds --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: me out!
dialog: a2
dialog: It
dialog: e!
text: Doug looks around, frantic -- the wrecked ambulance protected
text: them from the blast but now it's burning, too --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: ME OUT! HE POURED GAS ON ME!
dialog: a2
dialog: Ha
speaker_heading: E
text: Doug runs through the flames, jumps onto the burning
text: ambulance. Pulls at the GARDEN SHEARS buried in the hood --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
text: HURRY! HURRY!
dialog: with the shears --
text: Everything around Claire is on fire. Doug races back to her
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Okay, pull up on your arms! As hard
dialog: as you can!
text: Claire cringes -- Doug cuts away the tape from her arms, her
dialog: ankles.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Now don't run or you'll catch fire!
dialog: Wait! Okay?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Okay!
dialog: 96.
text: He pulls her to her feet. They scan the room together. THE
text: PLACE IS AN INFERNO. They have seconds to live.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Grab my neck! Both arms, that's it -—-
dialog: Here we go! --
text: Doug hauls Claire off the floor and runs into the flames,
text: carrying her like a bride through a burning houses
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Cover your face, don't look!
text: Claire buries her face against him -- he runs for the open
text: front wall -- everything is burning, everything's falling --
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - NIGHT
text: Doug pulls Claire out of the bungalow just as the AMBULANCE
text: EXPLODES, throwing both of them to the ground. Doug rolls off
text: of Claire; they sit up, gasping for breath.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Uh-huh ... Yeah. I'm okay. Thank you.
text: Claire takes a breath, trying to compose herself. Doug stares
text: at her. She notices his gaze. Manages a brief smile.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm okay. Really ...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Sorry, I'm just amazed that you're ...
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: No kidding ...
dialog: (she looks around)
dialog: Where is this?
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: The middle of the Pine Barrens. About
dialog: forty miles from your house.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Forty miles from --
dialog: (she looks at him)
dialog: You know where I live?
text: Oops. Doug nods.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a marshal?
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: FBI, Special Agent.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: And -- I'm sorry, you told me your
dialog: name but I was so --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It's okay! You were busy. It's Doug.
text: Doug stands, gazes out into the woods, worried. She looks out
text: into the darkness.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What ... who did this?
text: (it starts to flood out of
dialog: her)
dialog: And why? And why me?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Take it easy --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What did I do?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Claire -- you didn't do anything. All
dialog: right? None of this is your fault.
dialog: Let's just get you away from here.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - JEEP - NIGHT
text: Doug crawls into Oerstadt's Jeep, pulls open the steering
text: column. Goes to work hot-wiring the ignition.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Just be a minute ...
text: Claire stares at the bullet holes in the windshield.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (spooked)
dialog: Take your time.
text: A spark -- the engine turns over --
scene_heading: INT. JEEP - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Claire stares out the window as they drive through the night,
text: barely lit by the glow of the dashboard.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Back to your house.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Not to the police?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: You're covered in gasoline. I'll get
dialog: you home, and then let me handle the
dialog: police.
text: Claire looks down at her clothes. It suddenly hits her:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh God. Oh God. I could have died back
dialog: there ... I should be dead right now.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Don't say that!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I should be dead ...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: No, Claire ... you escaped, you got
dialog: away from the bad guy. You survived,
dialog: you're going to be all right.
text: Doug looks at Claire, into her eyes.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: 
dialog: I know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was a close call. And now... it's
dialog: in the past.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Doug and Claire enter. Claire's cat runs under the couch.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Ginger! Hey, Gigi, it's okay ...
dialog: (to Doug)
text: She always runs away the first time
dialog: she meets someone --—
text: Doug crouches, coaxing the cat from under the couch.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Come on out, lil' scruff --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: That's so funny, I call her that --
text: Her smile freezes for a moment, but Doug doesn't notice.
text: Claire smiles again when he looks up at her.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Here she comes! Hey, kitty ...
text: He reaches out, scratches the cat's ears.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh, no wonder she's spooked -- I still
dialog: smell like a tanker truck!
dialog: (she laughs)
dialog: Do you mind if I change?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Of course not. I'll get you a glass of
dialog: water?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Sure. I'll just be a minute.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Doug fills two glasses at the sink. Glances at the counter
text: next to the refrigerator, blinks -- there's nothing there.
text: He pulls the tomato timer from his pocket. Stares at the spot
text: where he'll find it tomorrow ... a spot which is now empty.
text: He puts the tomato timer in that exact spot, then steps back.
text: He snorts in sudden laughter, giddy at the paradox.
text: Doug can't help himself, goes to the refrigerator. Rearranges
text: the magnetic poetry to read, ‘YOU CAN SAVE HER.' Smiles --
text: The sound of A WASHING MACHINE calls his attention -- he
text: heads back into the living room --
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Doug sets two glasses down. Claire drops the lid on her
text: closet washer and comes in from the hallway.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (0.S.)
dialog: Thanks for letting me change. I guess
dialog: I'm all right now, if you need to go.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I can stay a few minutes if -—-
text: Doug's face goes dead slack. She's changed into the same blue
text: summer dress she was found dead in.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: That dress!
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That dress! Don't wear that!
text: She stares at him. Doug catches himself.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry. I know this sounds weird,
dialog: but ... you should put on something
dialog: else. A different color. Red, you have
dialog: a red and white dress, right?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Okay ...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I'm sorry -- there was ... a victim on
dialog: this case, who wore a dress like that.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh. That's understandable. I'll be
dialog: right out.
text: She disappears into the bedroom again. Doug shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Shit, Carlin, when did you get so
dialog: sloppy?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (0.S.)
dialog: Doug? Could you come in here for a
dialog: moment?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Sure --
text: Doug walks into Claire's bedroom --
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: -- and Claire BASHES Doug across the back of the head with a
text: porcelain vase, SHATTERING it.
text: Doug falls onto the bed, dazed. Claire lunges at him, grabs
text: his holster. He rolls over, she screams, pulls his gun free --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: STOP! STOP RIGHT THERE!!
text: Doug fights to not pass out. Claire's got both hands on the
text: gun, two fingers on the trigger, and she is terrified.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: DON'T MOVE!
dialog: (breathing hard)
dialog: I'm calling the police!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I am the police ...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: No you're not! You're not! You didn't
dialog: ask me any questions -- you didn't
dialog: take a statement -- you didn't even
dialog: have a car! And you knew where my
dialog: house was, and my cat's name, and
dialog: what's in my closet?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Claire ...
speaker_heading: CLATRE
dialog: WHO ARE YOU?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Can I sit up? I'm not going to do
dialog: anything.
text: Claire doesn't answer. Doug sits up slowly.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: I am a Federal Agent ... part of a
dialog: special investigative unit. We're
dialog: working a terrorism case, tracking the
dialog: man who tried to kill you.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: How do I know that? How do I know
dialog: you're not him? I had a hood over my
dialog: head!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (thinks about it)
dialog: Look at my face. You scratched his
dialog: face, right?
text: Claire nods, starts to look doubtful.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I wanna see your I.D. again.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Doug enters ahead of Claire. Starts to go to his jacket --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: No! Go sit down. There -- on the
dialog: couch.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (cont'd)
dialog: (an idea)
dialog: Sit on your hands!
text: Doug can't help but smile -- this lady has seen her cop
text: shows. He sits on his hands, as directed. Claire digs into
text: his jacket, pulls out his cardkey, risks a glance at it.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: This says Brookhaven National
dialog: Laboratory.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: The other one.
text: Claire puts the cardkey in her skirt pocket. She digs again,
text: pulls out his FBI badge. Glances at the picture. Picks up the
dialog: phone, hits '0O.'
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (0.8.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Operator --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes, please connect me to the Long
dialog: Island Field Office of the Federal
dialog: Bureau of Investigation, please.
dialog: Doug waits, nervous -- how's this gonna go?
speaker_heading: DONNELLY (0.8.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Long Island Field Office, this is
dialog: Agent Donnelly.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes, is there an Agent Douglas Carlin
dialog: working out of that branch?
speaker_heading: DONNELLY (0.S.)
dialog: Ah, yes there is, but he's not here at
dialog: the moment, would you like to leave a
dialog: message?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Please ask him to call me back, at 462-
dialog: 8423.
speaker_heading: DONNELLY (0.8.)
text: Oops, wait a sec, phone pad's empty.
dialog: Doug has an idea:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Ask him to call me on my cell phone.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Pardon me, Agent Donnelly? Could you
dialog: try him on his cell? It's important.
speaker_heading: DONNELLY (0.S.)
dialog: Ah, okay, please hold --
text: A click on the line as she's put on hold. Doug smiles grimly,
text: waiting. A moment later --
text: Doug's cell phone RINGS in his jacket. Claire checks: the
text: caller display on the cell phone reads FBI LI FIELD OFC. She
text: locks eyes with Doug. The ringing STOPS.
speaker_heading: DONNELLY (0.8.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm afraid he's not available.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'll try back later. Goodbye.
text: She hangs up. Lowers the gun ... holds it with two fingers,
text: offers it to him.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry ...
text: Doug stands, a little woozy ... takes the gun.
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: Don't be. It was the right thing to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: (wincing at the sight of
dialog: his head wound)
dialog: Are you okay?
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - BATHROOM - LATER
text: Claire has a bottle of disinfectant and some cotton balls.
text: Doug sits on the edge of the tub. Claire dabs at the back at
text: his head, throws the cotton ball in the trash.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: The man who attacked you is Carroll
text: Oerstadt. He's planning to blow up the
dialog: Orient Point ferry.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It'll be all right. I know his plan.
dialog: I know exactly where he's going to be
dialog: and what he's going to do.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: How do you know that? How did you know
dialog: those things about me?
text: Doug thinks it over -- where to start? He looks at her.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What if you had to tell someone the
dialog: most important thing in the world, but
dialog: you knew they'd never believe you?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'd try. You don't know for sure what
dialog: someone might believe.
text: She dabs his head again, throws another cotton ball away.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You won't believe me, but ... Just for
dialog: the sake of argument, let's pretend
dialog: that the FBI has this special device,
dialog: and that I know what's going to happen
dialog: in the next six hours.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I don't believe you.
dialog: (catches herself, smiles)
dialog: Wow. I guess your first prediction
dialog: just came true.
text: Claire dabs his head again, throws the cotton ball away.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It'd make things a lot easier if you
dialog: just go with me on that --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (a sudden thought)
dialog: Wait a second. If you know what's
dialog: going to happen, how come you didn't
dialog: you know I was going to hit you?
text: Doug pauses -- good question. Claire smiles (gotcha!) and
text: throws another cotton ball away --
text: Doug glances down at the wastebasket. It hits him. Cotton
text: balls with blood on them.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Oh, no. No.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What?
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Doug stares at the pieces of the broken vase:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Shit. I haven't changed a thing ...
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Doug comes in, stares at the two glasses (with his
text: fingerprints on them). He closes his eyes, trying to think
text: things through ... comes to a decision. One he doesn't like.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Claire ... you have to come with me.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What?
dialog: (backs away from him)
dialog: I thought you said I was safe!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I was wrong. Claire, I do know what's
dialog: going to happen, some things, anyway.
dialog: (looks at her)
dialog: I have to go ... and I can't leave you
dialog: alone.
text: That brings fear to Claire's eyes.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Claire ... just ... look at me.
dialog: There's no argument I can make that
dialog: will get you to believe me. But can
dialog: you just look at me, and see that I'm
dialog: telling the truth?
text: Claire looks at him... her expression softens a bit. As
dialog: bizarre as this is, she does believe him --
text: The phone RINGS. Claire moves to answer it:
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait, don't answer that! Let me prove
dialog: this -- let the machine pick it up.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Okay, now that's your friend Beth
dialog: calling. Right? To check up on you
dialog: after your blind date.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: How do you know that ...?
text: Claire's machine clicks and plays her outgoing message:
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE'S MESSAGE (V.O.)
dialog: (on the machine)
dialog: Hello! This is 462-8423. I'm sorry I
dialog: missed your call ...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Okay now, watch me -- listen to Beth
dialog: leave her message and watch my lips --
text: Claire frowns. Her machine BEEPS -- and Doug lip-synchs
text: exactly the words that Beth says over the speaker.
speaker_heading: BETH (0.S.)
dialog: Claire? Hi, it's Beth, are you there?
dialog: I'm sorry to call so late, but you
dialog: said you were going to call me when
dialog: you got home, and when you didn't, I
dialog: started to get worried --
text: He does it complete with gestures -- utterly ridiculous comic
text: moment -- Claire pulls the phone off its base --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Is this a joke?
speaker_heading: BETH (O.S.)
dialog: What? No! I was worried about you,
dialog: that's all. How'd the date go --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I can't talk right now, someone's
dialog: here. I'll call you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BETH (0.S.)
dialog: Claire -- !
text: Claire hangs up the phone. Doug looks at her imploringly.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Believe me. The only place you're safe
dialog: is with me.
text: Claire stares. Comes to a decision. One she doesn't like.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What do we have to do?
scene_heading: INT. JEEP - MOVING - EARLY MORNING
text: Doug drives. Claire, in the passenger seat, peppers him with
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Why not just call the police and just
dialog: arrest him at the ferry?
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I've seen the plans for the bomb.
text: There's a remote detonation device. If
dialog: we confront him, we're just killing a
dialog: different group of people.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: So, arrest him before he gets to the
dialog: ferry?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: In the city?
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I don't know where he is, until he
text: gets to the ferry. Then it's too late.
dialog: No, the safest way to separate him
dialog: from the bomb ... is to let him put it
dialog: in place.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You know how to defuse a bomb?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I do that one.
text: Claire shakes her head; it's all too wild ... but she is
dialog: fascinated.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: So ... you said you were part of a
text: special surveillance unit.
dialog: (Doug nods)
dialog: And you've been watching me?
dialog: (Doug nods)
dialog: What else do you know about me?
text: Doug grows quiet. He sighs.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Everything ...
text: He glances over at her.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: I know that you support yourself as a
dialog: children's book illustrator. I know
dialog: that eight months ago your fiancé
text: suddenly broke it off and refused to
dialog: return your phone calls. I know that
dialog: you've been turned down by three
dialog: adoption agencies since January
dialog: because they won't place a child with
text: a single woman on a freelance income.
text: Claire gasps.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: I know that you put your Explorer up
dialog: for sale because you've given up on
dialog: ever having a big family. And that you
dialog: say grace before meals even when you
dialog: dine alone. That you write poems in
dialog: your Christmas cards. That you love
dialog: Cary Grant movies. That you got stood
dialog: up tonight.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I know that you dance with your
dialog: cat sometimes, when it's late and
dialog: you've been alone all day.
text: Claire is blown away. Doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You know all those things about me ...
dialog: I don't know anything about you.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I'm... I'm a guy who likes the fact
dialog: you do all those things.
text: They share a smile. Doug looks back at the road.
text: Which lets Claire study his face ...
scene_heading: EXT. ORIENT POINT SIDE STREET - DAY
text: Doug parks the Jeep on a side street, well away from the
text: ferry. Angles it in behind a large DUMPSTER.
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: We can walk from here.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Why here?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We can't let Oerstadt see his own car.
dialog: We want him to think everything is
dialog: going perfectly.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY - BOARDWALK - DAY
text: Flags tied to cars and strollers, couples hand in hand,
text: scores of FAMILIES with cameras and kids in tow.
text: DOUG AND CLAIRE keep watch on the ferry from a safe distance,
text: standing next to a cotton candy stand.
text: The dock is crammed with PEOPLE AND VEHICLES -- rows of cars,
text: RV's and trucks in line to board the Sea Bride.
text: Suddenly Claire's breath catches:
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: There. Look.
text: IN THE AUTO CUE, Oerstadt rides by in Claire's Explorer,
text: heading into the parking deck.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah. That's him.
text: Claire stares at her killer's face for the first time,
text: quietly terrified.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh God. Just like you said ...
text: FERRY WORKERS wave a military transport vehicle into the car
text: deck through an open BOW DOOR. Other cars follow --
text: -- including Oerstadt, driving off the dock and onto the
text: ferry, passing by a waiting SHUTTLE BUS.
text: Doug and Claire watch from outside, waiting.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: No. Forget it. We need to call the
dialog: police --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: All these people --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Claire ... in a minute Oerstadt is
dialog: going to get off that ferry. He's
dialog: going to get on that shuttle bus, and
dialog: ride it out to the tip of Orient
dialog: Point. There he's going watch the
text: ferry from shore as it sails out of
dialog: trigger range, then he'll wait to see
text: the bomb go off.
text: AT THE FERRY, Oerstadt appears. Scans the crowd.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: If at any point before that, he
dialog: suspects anything, he will set it off
dialog: immediately.
text: Oerstadt wears his camera bag, stands with one hand in his
text: pocket. Then walks purposefully through the crowd, straight
text: toward the shuttle bus ... and gets on.
text: Claire lets out her breath. But Doug waits, still watching.
text: Claire looks at him, questioningly. Doug still waits --
dialog: 110.
text: AT THE FERRY, the shuttle PULLS AWAY. Doug smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK AUTHORITY - CONTINUOUS
text: Doug escorts Claire to the Dock Authority.
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Twenty-two minutes after the ferry
dialog: leaves, it's going to pass a Coast
dialog: Guard cutter. We'll hail the cutter
dialog: and evacuate everyone from the ferry,
dialog: then I'll disarm the bomb.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Will you have enough time?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It's the only time we've got.
dialog: Claire starts to protest --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: We're trying to cheat fate here,
dialog: Claire. This guy's got everything else
dialog: covered.
text: They reach the door.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Do I tell them about you?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Me, the bomb, everything -- including
dialog: where to find Oerstadt now. Show them
dialog: the Jeep if they don't believe you.
dialog: Just wait until after the ferry's well
dialog: underway.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Doug, I know this sounds silly, but
dialog: .»-. I'll say a prayer for you.
text: Doug smiles and grasps her hand.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Stay ridiculously safe. I'll see you
dialog: later.
text: Doug heads off toward the ferry. Claire watches him go.
scene_heading: EXT. SHUTTLE BUS - WINDOW - DAY
text: Oerstadt rides along, gazes absently out his window -- and
text: then the bus suddenly STOPS. Oerstadt leans, tries to look
dialog: ahead to see what happened --
dialog: 111.
text: THE BUS DRIVER frowns, looking ahead --
text: THROUGH THE WINDOW, there is roadwork in the way; a large
text: orange sign reads DETOUR.
text: The Bus Driver sighs, turns the big wheel ...
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - DAY
text: Again the bus comes to a stop. A large MOVING VAN blocks the
text: road ahead. Oerstadt gazes out the window --
text: He's looking down the exact street where Doug and Claire hid
text: his Jeep. He can't see it though, because the Jeep is well-
text: hidden behind the dumpster.
text: But just then, a GARBAGE TRUCK moves its forks into place
text: beneath the dumpster, and LIFTS IT UP --
text: -- giving Oerstadt a brief glimpse of his shattered Jeep,
text: parked along the street.
text: Oerstadt stares.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY - DAY
text: CLOSE ON: A doll, floating face down in the water -- we're
dialog: right back to the opening of our story.
text: At the rail above, Janice looks down. Beth pulls her away.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Don't worry, baby, we'll get you
dialog: another one ...
text: Beth and Janice merge into the crowd -- as DOUG pushes past
text: them, stepping onto the ferry.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - PORT AUTHORITY - DAY
text: A wide foyer with ticket windows, long benches, waiting
text: passengers. Claire, visibly nervous, paces near the Police
text: Help Desk. The DESK CLERK looks up at her:
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (glancing up at the clock)
dialog: Not for another ten minutes,
dialog: thank you.
text: She moves away. The Desk Clerk watches her an odd moment,
text: then turns to help another customer.
text: Claire pauses at the windows, looks out at the ferry --
dialog: 112.
text: -- as Oerstadt hurries past the window, heading back to the
dialog: boarding ramp.
text: Claire jumps back. A million thoughts race through her head --
text: what to do? She looks toward the Police Desk, then back out
dialog: to the ferry --
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDWALK — DAY
text: Claire steps out of the building. In the crowd ahead, there's
text: Oerstadt, moving quickly onto the ferry.
text: Claire agonizes in quiet terror. Comes to a decision. Curses
text: under her breath ... and RUNS toward the boarding ramp.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY - SUN DECK - DAY
text: A group of ELDERLY VETERANS with potbellies and thick glasses
text: greet several YOUNGER, LONG-HAIRED VETS with hugs and
text: backslaps. CLAIRE moves past, searching for a way down to the
text: auto level. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: JANICE (0.8)
dialog: Claire!
text: Claire spins, mortified. Janice is waving her arms:
speaker_heading: JANICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Claire! Look, Mom, it's Claire!
text: Claire shakes her head no, backs away. Beth spots her.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Claire, over here! Claire!
text: People are turning to look now. Claire spins, frantic, spots
text: a gangway -- dodges through the crowd, disappears.
text: Beth frowns.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Huh! Wonder what that was all about?
dialog: Beth turns away --
text: her, looking after Claire. He steps forward, following her --
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE - DAY
text: The FERRY CAPTAIN looks out through the forward windows.
text: Behind him, the pilot looks over his shoulder:
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Five minutes past the hour, sir.
text: The Captain nods. THE HORN SOUNDS --
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND SOUND - DAY
text: The Sea Bride cuts a wake as it churns past the Orient Point
text: Lighthouse, heading out into Long Island Sound.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY - SECOND LEVEL DECK - DAY
text: Doug stands along the ship's rail as the ship passes the
text: lighthouse. He checks his watch:
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: Damn. Running late already ...
text: He edges past the GROUP OF KINDERGARTNERS and their teacher,
text: finds a ladder and climbs out of view --
text: -- just as CLAIRE steps onto the walkway, too late to see
text: him. She hurries by, casting glances behind her --
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND SOUND - DAY
text: Well underway, the ferry passes a COAST GUARD CUTTER. The
text: cutter's crew waves to the holiday crowd; the ferry
text: passengers wave back. A FANFARE STRIKES --
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE TOWER - DAY
text: Doug taps on the glass door to the ferry's control cabin. The
text: men inside are startled; one of them comes to the door:
speaker_heading: FERRY OFFICER
dialog: Sir, this area is off-limits --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (flashing his I.D.)
dialog: I'm a Federal Agent, this is an
dialog: emergency. I need to speak to the
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What emergency?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Captain, I need you to hail that
dialog: cutter we just passed and advise them
dialog: that there may be a bomb onboard --
dialog: tell them to come alongside --
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What?!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Jesus --
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We're gonna need to evacuate every one
dialog: of these people --
text: As he gestures at the Sun Deck below him, Doug naturally
text: glances down -- and sees OERSTADT on deck, walking past the
text: Navy band, intent on something out of view.
text: Doug's eyes go wide in utter disbelief.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (0.8.)
dialog: (going on behind him)
dialog: In the middle of the Sound? Onto a
dialog: cutter half our size?! I'm not hailing
dialog: anyone until you tell me exactly how
dialog: you know --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Never mind.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: And where it's -- what?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Never mind! You're right -- don't do
dialog: anything until I confirm the threat.
dialog: Understand? Don't do anything
dialog: differently! I'll be right back!
text: Doug vaults down the ladder. The Captain and Pilot look at
text: each other, then the Captain grabs the conn mike:
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Calling any Coast Guard, calling any
dialog: Coast Guard, this is CSF Sea Bride,
dialog: please come in, over --
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT DECK - DAY
text: FILLED WITH PEOPLE -- reading, playing cards, scolding their
dialog: kids, eating hot dogs --
text: CLAIRE ducks in, glancing behind her, weaving through the
text: crowded tables towards the back exit --
scene_heading: EXT. SUN DECK - DAY
text: A NAVY BAND -- two dozen sailors in dress whites -- plays a
text: John Philip Sousa tune for the passengers. Above them hangs a
text: banner, ‘WELCOME SUBASE NEW LONDON FAMILIES!'
text: Aman in a wheelchair sleeps next to a kid in a stroller.
text: Doug lands on the deck next to them, moves past —-
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY PASSAGEWAY - DAY
text: Claire emerges from the restaurant as a FERRY WORKER (the
text: game guy we saw smoking at the opening) passes by. She
text: touches his arm -—-
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Excuse me, how would I get down to the
dialog: car deck from here?
speaker_heading: FERRY WORKER
dialog: Car deck's closed, ma'am.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes, I know that but --
text: He walks away without listening. Claire watches, turns away
text: ++. and walks into OERSTADT, who stands before her, smiling.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: You're looking for the car deck, miss?
dialog: I can show you where that is.
text: Claire seizes in terror. He smiles, friendly in the
text: confidence that she can't possibly know who he is.
text: Claire realizes he thinks she doesn't know him. Tries to keep
text: her voice even.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Can you? I left my purse in my car.
text: She forces her eyes up to his. Meets his gaze. He looks
text: straight into her soul. His smile melts. Frozen moment.
text: Oerstadt's sudden lunge for her, and the struggle that
text: follows, is masked by THE CRASH OF CYMBALS and A JOHN PHILIP
text: SOUSA TUNE from the deck band --
scene_heading: EXT. SUN DECK - DAY
text: Doug spins, pacing through the crowd. He passes the band and
text: suddenly notices something out on the water --
text: In the distance, THE COAST GUARD CUTTER TURNS, coming back
text: around pursue the ferry.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: No, no, no, damn it ...!
text: Doug checks his watch, gives the deck one last look for
text: Oerstadt. Pushes off the rail and runs down the walkway --
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: INT. CAR DECK - DAY
text: Over a hundred vehicles parked end-to-end, on two levels
text: along the keel and down four center lanes.
text: Doug vaults a chain barrier. Looks around: the parking bay
text: seems deserted, all the cars empty.
text: Doug pulls his gun. Edges through the parking bay, trying to
dialog: keep hidden while searching for the Explorer. Not an easy
dialog: task -- there are military vehicles and at least one school
text: bus obscuring his views.
text: He hears something -- someone trying to strike a flint, over
text: and over. Doug comes around a vehicle with his gun --
text: Surprising the Ferry Worker, trying to light his cigarette.
speaker_heading: FERRY WORKER
dialog: Aaaa! What the --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Get out. Now.
text: The Ferry Worker scrambles to his feet, runs out of the bay.
text: Doug never gives him a second glance --
text: ON THE SECOND LEVEL HULL RAMP
text: Claire's Explorer rests on an incline above the main car
text: deck, three cars away from the hydraulic door-ramp that leads
dialog: to open water --
text: -- and ten feet above Doug, who stands looking up at it.
text: MOMENTS LATER -- Doug is on the second level, edging toward
text: the vehicle. He glances at the bumper -- the license plate
text: has been removed.
text: He looks through the back window -- FOUR ORANGE BARRELS
text: inside. He looks through the front windshield.
text: Where his eyes meet CLAIRE'S, staring back at him in wet
text: terror, wrists bound to the steering column, duct tape over
text: her mouth, a thin whine building in her throat --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: CLAIRE! Jesus --—
text: He claws at the door handle --
text: -- when TWO TAZER WIRES fire into his back, zapping him into
text: a seizure. Doug jerks spasmodically, drops the gun, falls
dialog: over the rail --
dialog: 117.
text: Doug lands on a car, shattering its windshield. He's on his
text: back, eyelids fluttering at the edge of consciousness --
text: DOUG'S POV - the underside of Claire's car -- and OERSTADT,
text: wearing an orange life vest, looking down at him from the
text: ramp above.
text: Oerstadt reaches into his camera bag, no hurry. Pulls outa
text: pipe bomb. Doug moans, tries to move -- Oerstadt pounds the
text: pipe bomb once on the rail, and tosses it at him -—-
text: Doug slides off the hood just as the pipe bomb falls through
text: the shattered windshield. THE CAR EXPLODES, debris flying --
text: Doug slides under a military transport truck, crawling for
text: his life. Another pipe bomb pounds the rail, another toss --
scene_heading: THE TRANSPORT TRUCK EXPLODES --
text: ON THE RAMP, Oerstadt holds another pipe bomb but can't see
text: which car Doug is hiding under. The PARKING DECK IS FILLING
scene_heading: WITH SMOKE -- OTHER CARS ARE CATCHING FIRE --
text: Doug crawls beneath another vehicle, trying to make his way
text: back under the ramp. A POOL OF BURNING FUEL spreads after him
text: -- another pipe bomb falls, EXPLODES --
text: CLAIRE glares out the windshield as Oerstadt walks by her
text: window -- he bends out of view, comes up with Doug's gun,
text: paces in front of the vehicle, looking for Doug --
text: Claire struggles to pull her wrists free of the wheel, her
text: fingers straining to reach the GEAR SHIFT, just out of reach.
text: DOUG drags himself out from under a station wagon, climbs
text: onto it. Oerstadt paces above --
text: Doug sees his chance, leaps for the overhanging ramp above
text: and grabs the edge. He pulls himself up --
text: -- and finds himself staring into the barrel of his own gun.
text: Doug hangs there in resignation -- it's over.
text: Oerstadt stares at him, about to fire --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I have a message for you... from
dialog: Melissa Jean Brooks.
text: Oerstadt blinks, momentarily dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Go to Hell.
dialog: 118.
text: Oerstadt's shock becomes sudden fury -- he aims the gun into
dialog: Doug's forehead --
text: -- as Claire suddenly pulls the Explorer out of gear and
text: rolls into him from behind, knocking him off-balance.
text: Oerstadt spins and falls hard, his camera bag slamming into
text: the rail with A METALLIC BANG --
text: -- and with THE DISTINCTIVE SOUND OF ONE OF OERSTADT'S PIPE
text: BOMBS SUDDENLY PRIMING. He and Doug exchange looks.
speaker_heading: OERSTADT
dialog: Oh my gosh -- OH MY GOSH!!!
text: Oerstadt struggles with the camera bag but it's stuck on his
text: shoulder. OTHER PIPE BOMBS SPILL ONTO THE RAMP, rolling down
text: the incline toward the big hydraulic door --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: CLAIRE, LIE DOWN!!!
text: Doug drops to the floor and rolls for cover --
text: OERSTADT EXPLODES, taking half the second level ramp with
text: him. The cars between Claire's Explorer and the bay door
text: SPILL AND TUMBLE off of the ramp, landing on the cars below --
text: Doug rolls to his feet, checks his watch --
text: It's 10:45.
text: Another explosion rocks the entire deck, BLOWING THE FORWARD
text: CAR RAMP HALFWAY OPEN TOWARDS THE WATER, exposing a swath of
text: sky and a rolling horizon.
text: Doug runs back under where the upper ramp is still solid,
dialog: climbs onto it --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Claire! Claire!!
text: He runs along the edge to the Explorer. Pulls out Claire's
text: keys, unlocks her passenger door and gets in --
scene_heading: INT. EXPLORER - DAY
text: Claire is still bound to the wheel, a roll of duct tape on
text: the seat beside her. Doug tears it from her mouth --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (gasping) .
dialog: I'm sorry! I saw him get on and I
dialog: didn't know what to do -- I had to
dialog: warn you -——
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It's okay! You just saved my life!
text: (he smiles, pulls at her
dialog: taped wrists)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'm okay --
dialog: (she tries to make a joke)
dialog: How come whatever we do, we end up
dialog: like this?
dialog: 
text: Doug freezes at that. He looks at his watch -- 10:46 now.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Less than two minutes ...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Two minutes ...?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Oh my God! Can you stop it?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Not enough time.
text: He gets her hands free, starts to work on her ankles --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Help me, hurry!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (pulling at the tape)
dialog: What are we gonna do? What do we do?
text: He leans over with her keys, puts them in the ignition and
text: turns the motor over.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You are gonna get topside as fast as
dialog: you can --
text: He cranks it again -- the MOTOR STARTS.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll take care of this!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: How -- ?
text: Suddenly they're interrupted by the CRACKLE OF A BULLHORN:
scene_heading: COAST GUARD OFFICER
text: STEP OUT OF THE VEHICLE!
text: Doug and Claire spin, look out her window:
dialog: 120.
text: COAST GUARDSMEN flood the parking deck, take position,
text: weapons drawn and ready to fire.
speaker_heading: COAST GUARD OFFICER (CONT'D)
text: PUT YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR AND STEP OUT
scene_heading: OF THE VEHICLE IMMEDIATELY!
text: Doug and Claire look at each other in complete dread.
speaker_heading: COAST GUARD OFFICER (CONT'D)
text: OUT OF THE VEHICLE! NOW!!!
text: Claire looks to Doug. Doug shakes his head no, whispers:
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: If we get out of this car, everybody
dialog: dies.
text: Claire swallows, fighting panic:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What do we do ...?
scene_heading: COAST GUARD OFFICER
dialog: YOU HAVE TILL THE COUNT OF THREE!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ONE!
text: They're nearly surrounded now. Doug and Claire look forward
text: out the windshield, at the only clear path left:
text: The open bay door, what's left of the car ramp, the wide
text: ocean beyond. They look into each other's eyes, a shared
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: COAST GUARD OFFICER (CONT'D)
dialog: Two!
text: Doug slides over in the seat, closes his hands over hers on
text: the wheel. Claire steps on the gas, revving the engine to a
text: high idle. The Coast Guardsmen shout to each other ...
text: And suddenly the CAR RADIO snaps on all by itself.
speaker_heading: RADIO DEEJAY (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: It's ten forty-eight on Endless Summer
dialog: Sunday ... now let's go back in time
dialog: to 1964 and the Beach Boys! On Long
dialog: Island's 98 FM --
text: Doug pops the gear shift into DRIVE and Claire floors it.
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING DECK - DAY
text: The Explorer's wheels spin smoke on the metal ramp and it
text: shoots forward, jumping the jagged edge and clipping several
text: cars beneath it.
text: The Coast Guard OPEN FIRE -- the Explorer races up the bow
text: door like a boat over a stunt ramp and LAUNCHES OUT INTO
speaker_heading: SPACE --
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY - IN THE BAY
text: The Explorer bursts from the ferry's bow like a cannon shot.
text: Its wheels spin in mid-air -- its nose dips, plows into the
dialog: water --
scene_heading: INT. EXPLORER
text: Doug and Claire are thrown into the dashboard, nearly out of
dialog: their seats --
scene_heading: EXT. BAY
text: The Explorer bobs in the water and comes to rest ... not
dialog: sinking. Seeming like it won't. Then --
text: THE FERRY'S BOW SMASHES into the side of the car and plows
text: over it, SHRIEKING METAL-ON-METAL, forcing it underwater --
scene_heading: INT. EXPLORER - UNDERWATER
text: Doug and Claire tumble like socks in a dryer, rolling with
text: the submerged car -- THE BARRELS ROLL AND SMASH INTO EACH
text: OTHER, rupturing, splashing fuel all over Claire's back --
speaker_heading: THE BEACH BOYS (V.0.)
dialog: Well, it's been building up inside
dialog: of me for, Oh, I don't know how long --
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER
text: The Explorer SCRAPES AND ROLLS ALONG THE KEEL as if tumbling
text: down a mountain upside-down -- the side windows SHATTER AND
scene_heading: COLLAPSE, FLOODING THE CAR --
speaker_heading: THE BEACH BOYS (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know why, but I keep thinkin’
dialog: Somethin's bound to go wrong...
scene_heading: INT. EXPLORER - UNDERWATER
text: SEAWATER ENGULFS THEM. Claire can't see. Her breath escapes
text: in a rush of bubbles, she's panicking --
text: DOUG'S HAND appears, pulls her to the door, to the window,
text: it's open -- she flails and kicks through broken glass --
dialog: 122.
text: -- clawing for the surface as the ferry passes overhead,
text: churning, deafening, so far above -- she'll never make it,
text: she's too far down, starts choking -- and beneath her --
text: THE BOMB EXPLODES.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND SOUND
text: Claire is hurled up through white water and ERUPTS FROM THE
text: FERRY'S WAKE. She tumbles end-over-end in a SLOW MOTION FREE
text: FALL high over the Sound, limp, weightless, plummeting.
text: She hits the water face-first in a TREMENDOUS SPLASH and
text: disappears into the simmering water. It closes over her,
text: smoothes out, becomes still.
text: CLAIRE'S BODY floats to the surface, hanging face down in
text: dark green water. It bobs there, hair waving in easy ripples,
text: not moving.
text: Floating wreckage, flames on the water. Stillness. Then --
text: Claire convulses, head thrown back in a wrenching gasp. She
text: takes air in huge breaths, coughing, sputtering, violent for
text: life -- struggles to tread water as a SHADOW PASSES over --
text: -- and suddenly THREE COAST GUARD CREWMEN splash into the
text: water around her. Arms across her chest pull her into a back
text: float, away to safety.
scene_heading: EXT. COAST GUARD CUTTER DECK - DAY
text: Claire is brought onto the deck with other FERRY PASSENGERS;
text: more are still coming aboard, coughing and sooty. Behind them
text: the ferry BURNS; FIREBOATS spray water into its bow as black
text: smoke billows forth.
text: Claire doesn't hear any of it, just sits trembling. Her hands
text: shake as she brings them up and stares at them ...
dialog: Ten fingers, all fine.
text: She pulls her hair away from her eyes, blinking. As she does,
text: her eyes focus on something, something in the distance.
text: Out there, in a pool of burning fuel --
text: DOUG'S BODY lies face up in the tide. His eyes are lifeless,
text: his body blackened; his legs and lower torso are in flames.
text: There can be no question that he's dead.
text: CLAIRE watches, frozen.
text: Doug sways with the waves, then begins SLOWLY SINKING FROM
text: VIEW, one arm floating out at a cruel angle. Just before he
text: vanishes forever, we see Doug's hand.
dialog: 123.
text: All five fingers have been sheared away, leaving ragged
text: stumps.
text: The water closes over him completely, then ripples and
text: smoothes out, until only flames remain.
speaker_heading: ON CLAIRE
text: In shock. She blinks, trembling. Her eyes begin to fill.
text: Then suddenly she's surrounded -- an oxygen mask is placed
text: over her mouth -- MEDICS are there, calming her, checking her
text: out, pulling her away ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DISASTER RECOVERY SITE - AFTERNOON
text: The cutter has docked; ferry passengers are unloaded as EMS
text: WORKERS and NEWS CREWS swarm the pier. Claire wanders down
text: the ramp, dazed. Stops at a familiar voice --
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Claire? Claire!
dialog: (to Janice)
dialog: Honey, look, there she is!
text: It's Beth and Janice. Janice runs up to Claire, slams into
text: her. Claire barely flinches, still in shock.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Claire ... ire.
dialog: (Claire looks at her)
dialog: My God, you're drenched. What
dialog: happened? Are you all right?
text: Claire's eyes focus. She looks down at Janice, looks around:
text: A SMOKING FERRY WORKER is coming down the ramp, helping a man
text: in a wheelchair. Next to them a kid in a stroller is also
text: being wheeled down, still sleeping.
text: At the base of the ramp, a harried TEACHER tries to get a
text: head count as her KINDERGARTNERS crowd around her. Nearby:
speaker_heading: COP (0.S.)
dialog: -- we don't know yet, ma'am, please,
dialog: we don't know --
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: My daughter's on that ferry, oh God my
dialog: daughter--!
speaker_heading: CRYING MAN
dialog: Just let us ask, maybe they're here,
dialog: Maybe someone saw them --
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: (suddenly a gasp)
dialog: Chrissie!
text: The teacher spins at hearing her name, smiles as the elderly
text: couple rush over to meet her. Around them OTHER PARENTS run
dialog: to the group and to their own children ...
text: +. as the SHELL-SHOCKED WOMAN runs across the blacktop to
dialog: embrace her husband ...
text: ++. and the GROUP OF CADETS exchanges hugs and backslaps with
text: the NAVY BAND, all of them laughing now.
text: CLAIRE sees it all, an epiphany of gratitude and relief.
dialog: Everyone who had died before is fine. Everyone.
speaker_heading: BETH (0.S.)
dialog: So was he the man of your dreams?
text: Claire spins.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What ...?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: The guy you met. Last night?
text: Suddenly Claire can't speak. But she nods "Yes."
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Claire, I'm sorry but I have to call
dialog: David and let him know we're okay ...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: That's okay -- Go! Oh, and Beth?
dialog: (Beth turns)
dialog: Can you call my parents for me?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Of course!
dialog: (taking Janice)
dialog: Come on, baby, we're gonna call Daddy.
text: Janice looks back; Claire smiles and gives her a wave.
text: Claire watches them go, off together across the blacktop ...
text: past the families, past Search and Rescue vehicles, past the
text: black FBI car where DOUG IS STANDING WATCHING THE DOCK -—
text: Claire gasps so violently she nearly faints.
text: It's Doug. The Doug who we saw in the opening scene, who has
dialog: never been through the Time Window ... who has never met
dialog: Claire.
dialog: 125.
text: He stands by his car, watching the dock, taking it all in.
text: Just as he did before.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: OH GOD! -- oh God, oh God! --
text: Claire struggles to breathe, ready to pass out --
text: Doug is talking to ANDY PRYZWARRA, who has just introduced
text: himself. Doug asks him to step aside slightly and looks out
text: over the dock again.
text: Pryzwarra scans the dock with him.
speaker_heading: PRYZWARRA
dialog: What are we looking for?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Anything that doesn't belong.
text: Doug notices a shell-shocked woman -- CLAIRE this time --
text: standing alone. She's staring at him, drenched and trembling.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE DOCK
text: Claire sways on her feet. Doug is looking at her now. Claire
text: doesn't move.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE DOCK
text: Doug looks unsettled -- that woman is still staring at him.
text: He stares back, curious now.
text: Doug heads over to an EMS worker, grabs a blanket.
text: Claire's breath freezes -- because now he’s walking TOWARDS
text: HER. Claire doesn't move.
text: Doug walks right up to Claire and puts the blanket around her
dialog: shoulders:
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: It's all right, miss. You're in shock.
text: AND CLAIRE BREAKS DOWN, crying so hard she can't speak. She
text: throws her arms around Doug and weeps into his neck, bawling.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay. You're okay now.
text: Doug puts his arms around her, awkwardly, bewildered.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I don’t understand!
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Shh, shhhh ... you're gonna be fine.
text: She starts to calm down in his arms. Over her shoulder, Doug
text: sees a group of RED CROSS VOLUNTEERS, waves to one of them
text: behind Claire's back. Takes Claire that way.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Miss, these people can help you --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: No!
text: She clings to him, he pulls her hands away --
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It's okay, you're going to be fine.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: No, wait!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Look, you're safe, I have to go back
dialog: over there --
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Doug!
text: Doug stops -- she knows his name? Claire gathers herself:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: What would you do ... if you had to
dialog: tell someone the most important thing
dialog: in the world ... but you knew they'd
dialog: never believe you?
text: She stands open to him, still in tears.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (suspicicus now)
dialog: Do you have something to tell me about
dialog: what happened here today?
text: Claire swallows, finally nods. Doug considers, looks around.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Okay. Hold that thought.
text: He takes her arm. They walk together -- Doug brings her over
text: to his car, opens the passenger door for her --
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Watch your head, that's it ...
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: INT. DOUG'S CAR - DAY
text: The door cuts off sound from outside. Claire watches through
text: the windshield as Doug goes to Pryzwarra and confers silently
text: with him, pointing at Claire.
text: As she watches, she feels something in her dress pocket,
dialog: takes it out:
text: A BROOKHAVEN LAB CARDKEY bearing Doug's name and photo,
text: tomorrow's date clearly visible. Claire stares at it,
text: beginning to comprehend.
text: She hides the card as Doug slides behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You're not under arrest, but I'm going
dialog: to need to take a statement --
text: As he keys the ignition his CAR RADIO STARTS -- he reaches
text: for the knob but stops mid-reach:
speaker_heading: THE BEACH BOYS (V.O.)
dialog: She told me, "Baby, when you race today
dialog: Just take along my love with you ...
dialog: And if you knew how much I love you,
dialog: Baby, nothin’ could go wrong with
dialog: you..."
text: Doug stares at the radio, transfixed somehow. Claire watches
dialog: him. Does he know? Does he remember?
text: Doug turns to Claire, looks at her as if seeing her for the
text: first time. It's almost as if he knows her somehow but can't
text: figure out how. A look of deja vu.
text: Claire looks into his eyes. (Does he know? Does he remember?)
text: Doug looks away, dazed, then notices something new. He looks
text: out through the windshield, out at the sky.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What is it?
text: Doug blinks, unsettled.
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: It was supposed to be raining by now.
text: Claire looks out the window -- it's a bright blue sky, not a
text: cloud anywhere. She shrugs:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I guess God changed His mind.
text: They look at each other.
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - WIDE
text: Their car heads out of the recovery area, past hundreds of
text: people. Doug and Claire look out as they weave past.
speaker_heading: THE BEACH BOYS (V.O.)
dialog: Don't worry, baby, Don't worry, baby,
dialog: Everything will turn out all right...
dialog: Don’t worry, baby, Everything will
dialog: turn out all right...
text: They pull out of the lot and drive away.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
