scene_heading: "DELIVERANCE"
dialog: by James Dickey
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: "DELIVERANCE"
dialog: ‘From the Novel
dialog: by
speaker_heading: JAMES DICKEY
speaker_heading: SCREENPLAY
dialog: by
scene_heading: JAMES DICKEY AND JOHN BOORMAN
speaker_heading: SECOND DRAFT
dialog: January 11, 1971
dialog: 
dialog: i.
scene_heading: EXT, DAM PROJECT (HELICOPTER) DAY
text: A long high view of a gap between two mountains which is
text: gradually being dammed, An endless convoy of trucks winds’
text: up a temporary road to the dam, each tips its load of rock
text: and rubble, then turns down again. A deep wooded valley
text: is slowly being walled-up.
text: At the base of the dam a silver thread of river still escapes
text: through an open sluice-gate. A huge billboard proclaims
text: 'The Cahulawassee Dam Project! and shows an artist's im-
text: pression of the finished Dam and an idyllic lake behind it.
scene_heading: MAIN TITLES BEGIN.
scene_heading: EXT, CAHULAWASSEE RIVER DAY
text: Follow the river up stream from the dam through tall secret
text: woods and naked rock faces, up the white water of angry
text: rapids, across still deep pools and finally to a road
text: bridge where a decrepit, small Southern town straddles its
text: banks. Move in closer to a clump of trees by the riverside
text: and on through the trees to reveal an old cemetary where
text: ,Men are digging up graves, disinterring the dead, Rotting
text: coffins are piled on to a truck, catafalques are broken
text: asunder, head stones piled up in neat stacks like sliced
dialog: bread, .
text: TITLES CONCLUDE.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD ARCHERY RANGE DUSK
text: The face of ED GENTRY in profile: an indoor-desk man in
text: early middle-age, flesh a little soft. He is wearing a
text: bushhat and shooting arrows, The bow string appears, Crawn
text: back and pressed into the cheek by the fingers of his right
dialog: hand,
text: The arrow lies across his face, the feathers rasping against
text: the bristles of his jowl. His eye lines up benind a curious
text: orange peephole in the bow-string, far-focusing. The nice,
text: open, suburban American face contorts in the act of con-
text: centration, becoming animal and a little frightening.
text: Then the fingers relax and the arrow is simply no longer
text: there. The face falls bark to what it was.
text: LEWIS MEDLOCK's head comes into view alongside and just
text: behind ED's, He glances off at the unseen target and then
text: at ED. LEWIS has a powerful, ascetic face with bright alert
text: eyes that might be just a little manic.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: / 3 (Cont. )
speaker_heading: C&D LEWIS :
text: 4 A little high. Eleven o'clock.
text: ED draws another arrow, his face again transfigured by the
text: power of full draw. Still the target is unseen, oniy the
text: faces of the two men visible.
text: He stays a long time at full-draw, He starts to shake and
text: the arrow rips away, flying out of the bow. ED curses.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why does that happen, Lewis?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It happens.
text: LEWIS takes ED's place, knocking an arrow. ED shakes his
text: head disgusted.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Draw hysteria, You eithsr conquer
dialog: it and make it work for you, or it
dialog: destroys you as-an archer.
text: LEWIS draws, holding the bow high and bringing it down on
text: (« to the target, revealing a glimpse of an awesome bicep.
text: 7, He is confident, calm, mystical. ED's look is amused,
text: affectionate, but definitely impressed.
text: LEWIS shoots an arrow beautifully, rhythmically, with a
text: perfect tranquil follow-through.
text: He finishes and the TWO MEN walk towards the target re-
text: vealing themselves fully for the first time, also the range.
text: Field archery is ‘something like golf, a series of targets
text: at different distances set amongst trees and brush. This
text: one has been artifically developed on wasteland in the
text: eity itself. It is a little patch of wild woods hemmed in
text: on one side by an elevated freeway, on the others, by
text: railway sidings and indeterminate industrial buiidings.
text: The targets are pinned to bales of straw and this one is
text: in the shape of a paper deer, They examine their shots
text: and pull out the arrows, The paper deer and the city
text: looming over them makes the archery seem very tame, a faint
text: echo of what it once meant to hunters and warriors.
text: LEWIS straightens up as though suddenly aware of this,
text: looking round at the range with some contempt, his power~
text: ful chest framed against the freeway.
speaker_heading: A . : CONTI )
speaker_heading: f _) ( NUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cO
dialog: 
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 3 (Gont.2)
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (intoning it)
dialog: The Cahulawassee River! Wait till
dialog: you see it, Ed. I tell you, it's
text: wild and beautiful.
text: He speaks softly, his voice hypnotic, He looks off into
text: the distance as though he can see the river and ED follows
text: his eyeline towards the city that is lighting up for the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: When you get that white water under
dialog: you, things change, and all of this
text: is washed away.
text: Then breaking off, moving away, he says mockingly over his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: And they've got deer up there, Ed,
dialog: and they're made of meat instead
dialog: of paper.
text: ED follows him, laughing.
scene_heading: INT, /EXT. RESTAURANT BAR ATLANTA DAY
text: LEWIS and ED have been lunching or drinking beer with two
text: other men, BOBBY and DREW, All four are in their late
dialog: thirties or early forties.
text: They wear lightweight’ business suits, all but LEWIS who
text: has on an expensive sports shirt.
text: They are milling around the cash desk, paying the tab,
text: talking and laughing.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: But we know nothing about canoeing,
dialog: Lewis.
text: They spill out of the door. ©
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (plausible and
dialog: persuasive)
text: There's nothing to it. We leave
text: Friday morning at first light and
dialog: we'll be back on Sunday in time to
text: catch the last half of the TV pro game.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: EXT, ARCADE . "DAY
text: They amble with ths crowd dlong a sunken arcade. The city
text: roads and sidewalks cross above them.
speaker_heading: BCBBY
dialog: eooe but shooting ranids:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Sure, It’s the second best sen-
dialog: sation in. the world.
text: They start up a spiral of steps, up to street level, The
text: impression is of rivers of peopie flowing above them,
text: below them, around them.
speaker_heading: | DREW
dialog: (poking fun at Lewis)
dialog: The Vanishing Wilderness, huh?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (relentless)
dialog: This is, When the dam at Aintry is
dialog: finished, the water'1ll back up and
dialog: the river's going to disappear for
dialog: ever, It!s our last chance to see it,
scene_heading: EXT, PEACHTREE STREET ATLANTA DAY
text: They bob up into the biazing sun. The black glass cir-
text: cular tower of the Regensy Hyatt House Hotel dominates
text: the street. Drab typists and flabby business msn thread
text: their way back to the office blocks cver the hot sidewaiks,
text: The street is snarled. with traffic, choked with exhaust
text: fumes, Up the street there has been a minor accident,
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (the stifling crowd
dialog: deciding him)
dialog: Hell, let's take it then.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Why not?
text: ED watches all this, the dead faces ef the crowd, the moan
text: of the traffics LEWIS susking them ail into hig scheme.
text: He is evidently oppressed by it but does nothing about it,
text: too lethargic perhaps, His eye mcves to the black glass
text: tower, the city reflected and gramented in its facets.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: {0.S.)
dialog: I've got to go.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 6 (Cont. )
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ‘ (0.8.)
dialog: \ Yeah, Lewis, some of us have to
dialog: work for a living.
scene_heading: Te INT. ED'S OFFICE DAY
dialog: It 4s modern, tasteful, There are some very good action
text: portraits of his wife and son on the wall with one or two
text: framed art director awards. His desk is strewn with roughs,
text: drawings, samples of lettering, haif-finished comps, and
text: prominently, layouts for an ad for Kitt 'n Britches, It
text: is a drawing of a girl in nothing but panties holding a
text: kitten and looking back over her shoulder.
text: ED looks at none of this but stands motionless, lethargic
text: at the enormous window that makes up the cuter wall. He
text: is staring at the same round, black tower which is much
text: closer now, just across the street. It throws back its
text: broken, kaleidcscopic view of the city.
text: The ‘phone rings. Without moving his eyes from the tower,
text: he answers it.
dialog: 7?
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You're all ready back there?
dialog: I'll be down in a second.
text: He puts down the 'phone, takes a deep breath, exhales it
text: sharply, and goes out of his door, carrying the Kitt tn
text: Britches layouts.
scene_heading: 8. INT, ADVERTISING STUDIO DAY
text: ED comes out of his private office and walks down the length
text: of. a large open-bay studio where some of the commercial
text: artists are working or laughing or talking.
text: ED assumes the air of dynamic executive and his employees
text: smile or nod to him familiarly, but get back to their work
text: too, ED enters a door at the end of the room,
scene_heading: 9. INT, PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO DAY
text: The model, in a black and white checked rcbe, is sitting
text: in a camp chair. An oider woman, obviously an employee, is
text: holding a kitten. Two or three men are bustiing about under
text: the lights. They clear away newspapers from the place where
text: the model will stand to be photographed, They are “incredibiy
text: serious and intense as only men doing something fundementaliy
dialog: trivial, can be.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED >
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cO
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 9 (Cont.)
dialog: 6.
text: The model stands on ths chalk marks and a girl assistant
text: takes her robe.
text: The model is revealed, wearing. only the Kitt 'n Britches.
text: ED's mouth opens and
dialog: tmy God? look in his
text: shapely but muscular,
text: he sucks in breath. There is a
text: face. She is brown and freckled,
dialog: but above ail fresh, a country girl.
text: Her arms are folded across her tare treasts. The woman
text: hands her the kitten.
text: She takes it in one hand, and to
text: protect herself, simply holds her left breast in her hand
text: in a beautiful gesture. At the same time she turns and
text: catches ED‘s look, recognising the homage it pays her.
text: She smiles at him, not a simpering or coquettish lock, but
text: in a simple act of private giving.
text: ED stretches out an arm and touches her shoulder with his
text: finger tips.
scene_heading: 10. INT, ED'S BEDROOM
speaker_heading: DAWN
text: His wife, MARTHA, lies with her back facing ED. He stretches
text: out his hand and touches her shoulder in exactly the same
dialog: spot as he did the model girl, It might even be the model
text: girl at this point.
dialog: with a movement that
text: MARTHA responds by turning towards him
text: is entirely habitual. She has her
text: head wrapped in a kind of towel, the sort of protective
dialog: covering that suffere
dialog: rs from sinusitis wear, She dees not
text: open her eyes, even when she speaks, They ars both very
text: still, There is a faint tinkie, as of Chinese wind-bells,
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Are you really going?
dialog: I think so,
speaker_heading: ED
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Gan I do anything?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Just one thing.
text: Her eyes open.
dialog: What time i
dialog: Lewis won't
dialog: have time.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: s it? Do we have time?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: be by tillsix. Ws
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: To
speaker_heading: 10 (Cont.)
dialog: 11.
dialog: 12.
dialog: 13.
dialog: Still neither has moved or touched. \
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (very softly)
dialog: Which way, honey?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why don't you turn over this time.
text: She is on her side, facing him. She looks at him, trying
text: to read him, but he shuts her out. She pulis a pillow
text: down to her pelvis then turns slowly on to it, burying
text: her face.in the bed.
text: ED crawls to her, and over her, looking down at her back.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT.
text: The MODEL GIRL turns, smiling, taking her breast in her
dialog: hand,
scene_heading: INT, ED'S LIVING ROOM DAY
text: LEWIS, ready for the woods, stands. framed in the open back
text: door, He looks in, grinning, a little crazily. At first
text: it seems he might bse watching ED and MARTHA in bed; but
text: then ED appears, dressed, with his bow in his hand, knife
text: and rope on his belt,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (softly)
text: The sun’s coming up. Up north the
text: water’s running.
scene_heading: EXT, ED'S BACKYARD DAY
text: A long, curved aiuminum canoe lies across the top of
text: LEWIS! stationwagon, blending into it in the early mcrning
text: half-light, transforming the familiar careshaps., ED and
text: LEWIS climb in.
text: The back of the car is packed with equipment, tents and so
text: on, mostly in various shades of green, The car backs cut
text: inte the deserted suburban street leaving MARTHA and DEAN,
text: Ed's son, huddled together, waving.
scene_heading: INT, LEWIS' CAR DAY
text: LEWIS'S car is parked outsides an apartment bleck,
speaker_heading: : ( CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: eo - 13 (Cont. ) :
text: C 7 BOBBY emerges from it with ED. They climb into the car and
text: . LEWIS spurts away as thougn they have robbed a bank. BOBBY
text: is bleary-eyed, his hair unkempt. He slumps into the back,
text: LEWIS frowns at him through the rear-view mirror,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sorry, friends. Wow. What a night
dialog: that was. This demure little hcouse-
dialog: wife wants to buy insuranse on her
dialog: husband's lifs - whils he's away -
dialog: always a promising situation - but
dialog: this time! Oh boy! It had to bs on
dialog: his bed, and the whcle time ske just
dialog: cursed and cussed him, I couldn't
dialog: shake off the feeling she was using me.
text: They all laugh, BOBBY's story restores their gocdspirits.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (locking arcund vaguely)
dialog: Hey, where's Drew? .
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: He had to fix something at his bottling
dialog: plant at the last minute. I never
dialog: hr , thought getting four guys out of this
dialog: NW city could be so tough.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Maybe the city doesn't want to lose us.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: eooe the old wheres.
scene_heading: 1h. INT, SOFT-DRINK BOTTLING PLANT DAY
text: A low modern factory, no windows, Thousands of bottles jerk .
text: along conveyor belts, being washed, filled, capped and packed.
text: LEWIS, “ED and BOBBY lounge around watching while DREW fiddies
text: with diais on an electronics control panei, The pliant is
dialog: totally automated,
speaker_heading: DREW
text: The computer indicated a demandedrop
dialog: ever the next 48 heurs. I just have
dialog: to set the new work rates, They're
dialog: like babies, these computers, incredibly
dialog: demanding.
text: BOBBY picks up a bottle and reads the smail print arcund
dialog: the base,
dialog: om
dialog: —
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 9.
dialog: 14 (Cont...)
speaker_heading: OW BOBBY
dialog: (\/4 (reading)
text: An artificially flavoured, saccharine
text: sweetened, aerated drink with
dialog: approved coloring.
dialog: ‘he looks up)
dialog: It’ should be calisd ‘sweet fuck-all!
dialog: because that's what it is,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ED
text: The machines reaily runs America,
dialog: doesn't it? Alii the whils Drew's
dialog: out there on the river, this placs'11l
dialog: be working its ass off. Not a soul
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: _ BOBBY
dialog: Nobody, making millicns of betties
dialog: of ncthing.
text: LEWIS straightsns up and moves a pase or two into the
text: complex of revclving mashinery and criss-cross lines of
text: juddering tottles, His physical presence is like a challengs
dialog: to the machine. .
speaker_heading: QO LEWIS
dialog: Ey Well, I think the machine is going
dialog: {\ . to fail, :
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Not this ons, I kepe. Not this
dialog: weekend anyway.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: The machines are going to fail and
dialog: the pciiticai systems are going to
dialog: fail, And if they don't peopie are
dialog: going to smash them down,
speaker_heading: “ED
dialog: And what then -
speaker_heading: LEWis
dialog: Then itis gcing so come dewn to who
dialog: can survive and whe can't, when the
text: lights gc out and the tabs are dry.
dialog: Survival,
text: And there they stand, four men in the middie of a convulsive
text: forest of botties.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 10.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 15. EXT, HIGHWAY , , DAY
text: The cars with canoes on their-tops drive through the ugly.
text: clutter of the outskirts of the city, past drive-ins,
text: motels, shopping centers, filling stations. The morning
text: traffic is going into the city as they head out.
scene_heading: 16. INT. LEWIS! CAR : DAY
text: LEWIS is driving. He holds the wheel at the top with
text: his hands crossed and his arms at full stretch, tensing |
text: him against the seat,
speaker_heading: . LEWIS '
dialog: ees. the human body. That's the
dialog: one thing you can't fake. No
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: - ED
dialog: Go ahead. Crucify yourself
dialog: lifting weights. I'm committed
dialog: a to the machine. And America.
text: (© Outside on the highway the billboards, the electric
text: pylons, stride across the countryside proclaiming their
dialog: dominance,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: We took the wrong road. It's a
dialog: blind alley, believe me. It can't
dialog: last. It can't support its own
dialog: weight,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Listen, Lewis, it will last as
dialog: long as we believe it will last,
dialog: When enough guys like you stop
dialog: believing in it, then it will
dialog: collapse, It's a matter of faith.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Everything's so fucked up, so
dialog: complicated... I wouldn't mind if
dialog: it all fell apart and we started
dialog: over.... And you know where I'd go?
dialog: Ce Right where we're going now. It's
dialog: : basic. It's real,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: err emeenme
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 17.
dialog: 18,
dialog: il.
speaker_heading: 16 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: ED,
dialog: Reality? Come on now, Lewis.
dialog: What's reality except pain and
text: cold and fear? And convulsive
dialog: things like killing and screwing.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: And apart from ssrewing, they're
dialog: bad news, right? But what
text: happens when the city insulates
dialog: you from these things?
text: ED has had enough. He sinks back in his seat.
speaker_heading: : ED
dialog: Listen, I like my life,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I know what it does to you, Ed.
text: ED looks at him sharply.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: City life is killing you.
text: (he pauses for effect).
dialog: It's boring you to death. You're
dialog: rotting. .
text: ‘ ED is shaken, penetrated. He glares at LEWIS,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: And what bugs you, Lewis?
text: LEWIS pauses, looking steadily at the road,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Insanity. I'm scared of going
dialog: Crazy.
scene_heading: EXT, HIGHWAY . -DAY
text: They are getting into rural scenery. There are Clabber Girl
text: signs and laxative posters and crosses that say ‘Jesus Saves,'
scene_heading: INT, CAR DAY
text: LEWIS is silent, ED dozing. They are twisting and turning
text: Bp a mountain road, LEWIS sees something ahead and shakes
text: awake.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Ed, deer! :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: Q
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 19.
dialog: iC . 20.
dialog: 21.
dialog: 
dialog: 12.
dialog: 18 (Cont.) .
text: ED starts up and lcoks out into the woods where LEWIS points.
text: But too late. He smiles pleasurably at the sight of the
dialog: mountains,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: The Wilderness !
scene_heading: INT, CAR DAY
text: They go over a narrow bridge, the kind made from concrete
text: sections in the thirties. ED leans out of the window,
text: looking curiously at the river, The river seems placid and
text: narrow, undistinguished, rather uninteresting.
speaker_heading: . ED
dialog: That it?
speaker_heading: * LEWIS
dialog: That's it.
text: ED turns back to the river to conceal his disappointment from
speaker_heading: LEWIS,
scene_heading: EXT, OREE . DAY
text: The two cars pull into Ores. It is a disheartening place,
text: a typical remote small southern town. The woods and weed-
text: fields seem to grow right up to the edge of it, There are
dialog: no Negroes in evidence, for this is on the hills, and there
text: is no precedent. There is a town hall, the firs engine being
text: washed near it; a couple of gas stations, Graffit is
text: scrawled on a wall; ‘STOP THEM DROWNING OUR LAND’, There are
text: several deserted and boarded up houses, :
scene_heading: EXT, GAS STATION DAY
text: LEWIS's car and the other pull into a Texaco station, LEWIS
text: pulls to a atop and kills the engine. For a moment nothing
text: happens, Then an OLD MAN appears at the window of the car
text: at LEWIS's side, leaning in, He is almost ridiculous country,
text: aimost like & caricature, with an absurdiy eccked straw hat
text: and trembling hands. Neither LEWIS nor ED knows quite what to
dialog: do with him,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Look. Ist me ask you something.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You from the television?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: (s
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: 21 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Television?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: About the Dam.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: No, Can you find us somebody to
dialog: drive these two cars down to
dialog: Aintry?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What are you talxing about?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (giving up and turning
dialog: to Ed)
dialog: Oh, shit,
dialog: (then to the old man)
dialog: Fill ‘em up, will you?
text: _The OLD MAN takes the hose and with some clattering pushes
text: it into DREW's car, They get out and stretch their limbs
text: and sniff the alien air, LEWIS spreads out his map on the
text: hood and bends over it. The OLD MAN finds himself staring
text: through the car's back window at DREW's guitar. He jerks
text: his head back over his shoulder,
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Which a you plays guitar?
text: DREW looks over to him with a smile and a deprecatory shrug.
speaker_heading: : OLD MAN
dialog: Lonnie; Come on out ‘chere,
text: DREW crosses to the OLD MAN and then follows his look back
text: into the dark depths of the Texaco station, The others,
text: having nothing stronger to focus their attention, turn to
text: look ‘as a shy ALBINO BOY sidles out of the gloomy interior
text: eradling a battered five-string banjo.
text: THE MEN suffer the acute discomfort of suburban dwellers
text: when confronted with tne unseemly, The BOY’s white skin
text: looks luminous in the shadows, The OLD MAN laughs softly
text: with pride and affection for THE BOY tut also because he
text: feels that the advantages has shifted away from the CITY MEN,
text: LONNIE squints against the light, He is probabiy a half-wit,
text: likely from a family inbred tea the point of imbecility and
text: Albinism, He smiies sweetly, expectantly through his squint.
text: The OLD MAN looks up at DREW whe is right by him and speaks
text: softly in his ear.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 
dialog: 1h.
speaker_heading: Sh 21 (Cont,1) .
speaker_heading: ; OLD MAN
dialog: ( Come on, Mister,. Play us a
dialog: little something.
text: DREW looks over to the others for guidance, especially
text: to LEWIS, but they avoid his eyes, thoroughly confused.
text: LEWIS turns abruptly and felds his-map noisily.
text: DREW winds down the back windcw and takes out the guitar.
text: LONNIE follows DREW ciozeiy, holding the banjo in whatever
text: position DREW assumes with his guitar. His cross eyes are
text: evident and rather endearing. He is innocent and ready.
text: DREW smiles at him, starts to tunes his guitar, setting his
text: finger picks, LONNIE follows him, dragging a homemade
text: capo up the neck of his banjo.
speaker_heading: : DREW
dialog: {gentiy, softiy)
dialog: Whet are we going to play, Lonnis?
text: Ths OLD MAN is moving across.to LEWIS's car, juddering the
text: hose into the tank with his trembiing-hands.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: , (laughing and shouting)
dialog: Ee Anything! Play anything.
text: DREW looks around again, not quite sure as to whether or
dialog: not he is going to contribute to a painful situation, Than
text: he makes up his mind, crossés one leg over the other as he
text: sits on the car hood and very carefully picks three notes in
dialog: the key of C.
text: (These are the first notes of a piece calied Duelling Banjces
text: - as recorded by Mike Russo and Ress Brentano in Fertiand,
dialog: Oregon, in 196h, The piess is one in which guitar, and
text: banjo "answer". each other by playing the same phrases
dialog: alternately).
text: The OLD MAN, filling the tank, leans close to LEWIS, who
text: pulls away from him.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Lonnie dsn't know anything but banjo-
dialog: picking, He ain't never been t2
dialog: school,
text: DREW dives into the piece, figuring as one would suppose,
dialog: that he will go ahead and play the piece whether LONNIE
text: joins him or not. The OLD MAN watches with a sly, knowing
text: Cc grin, waiting, LEWIS moves across breaking the OLD MAN's
dialog: | S eyeline,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CO - 21 (Cont.2) Lewis
dialog: What about drivers? Where can
dialog: we find drivers?
text: The OLD MAN moves past LEWIS, putting the hose back on the
text: pump, LEWIS follows him, again interrupting his view, but
text: the OLD MAN just leans this way or that, restoring his view
text: of DREW and LONNIE over the mountain ranges of LEWIS's
dialog: muscles.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (shrigs )
dialog: You might try the Griner boys,
dialog: north of town, They might do it.
text: LEWIS having got what he wanted, turns away to his ceaseless
dialog: map-reading,
text: BOBBY and ED watch the ALBINO BOY with growing fascination,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: How is it these people up here are
dialog: always missing something.... a finger,
dialog: an eye, an arm or, ‘in the head!, I
dialog: oe a never saw a farmer yet who didn't have
dialog: & something wrong with him, You'd think
dialog: it would be a healthy life.
text: As if to prove his point THREE or FOUR WEIRD LOOKING
text: HILLBILLIES have materialised out of the weeds to stand
text: at the edge of the concrete apron, aware of an approaching
dialog: event.
text: This ILL-ASSORTED GROUP clusters around thes: TWO MUSICIANS
text: ina dusty, fergotten or never-discovered filling station,
text: way off up in the mountains of Appalachia,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why icok at Drew - a suburban hedge-
dialog: clipper, up here, doing this!
text: DREW has finished the sequence cf chords that comprise the
text: piece, and starts at the beginning again.
text: is time the sound is different, For every phrase he plays
text: there is an echo. He does not look up from the guitar keye-
text: board, but his face and attitude change, first te gratified
text: unbelief, and then to full conviction. The banjo comes on
text: stronger, perfectly answering each of his chords, The musi+
text: begins to sound good: tc sound driving and confiden*t and
text: gutsy? to catch the cniookers in its sweep and suck them into
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 2 21 (Cont.3)
dialog: C)
text: ~ its vortex, It becomes a special, rare, experience and even
dialog: (HY LEWIS is heid by it, :
text: DREW is alternately finger-picking and flate-picking with the
text: thumb, He goes faster and the boy goes right with hin.
text: LONNIE's scratched child’s hands move with beautiful musical
text: economy, His face has the beatific vision of the idiot doing
dialog: what he loves.
text: They play one more chorus, the loudest and best of all, and
text: during this DREW moves off the car to LONNIE’s side and they
text: ! stand together listening ciosely to each other, finishing
dialog: well, riding together,
speaker_heading: ' . DREW
dialog: God damn!
text: DREW stands upright, overwhelmed, totally happy. The others
text: are on the point of applause, and it erupts not in slapping
text: but in laughter,
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: God damm{ I could piay all day
dialog: OQ with that guy.
text: The OLD MAN is laughing hard, with a strange stiff bending
text: iN movement, from the waist, and a look of ‘I told you’ on his
text: face, DREW, the big-faced decent city man goes forward to
text: shake hands with the demented country boy, but the door
text: has closed, There is no way in except through the music, He
text: wags the BOY’s limp hand, The OLD MAN slaps DREW’s back,
text: like a man who has just told a joke racked with mirth,
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What'd I tell you?
scene_heading: 22. INT, CAR DAY
text: ED is still happy from the music, but LEWIS is hunched
text: ferward, his hands crossed on the wheel, leaning on ths car.
speaker_heading: . LEWIS
dialog: We've got tc get water under us.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Oree hes patered out into an occasional streggiy building.
text: LEWIS spets a dilapidated garage ahead on the road, There
text: is a rough wooden house attached +c it and a sign readin,
text: GRINER BROTHERS GARAGE, The two cars pull in, There 213 no
dialog: one about.
speaker_heading: C
dialog: i,
dialog: 
dialog: \O
dialog: (
dialog: 
dialog: 23.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. GRINER'S GARAGE - DAY
text: The whole place is almost drowning in the trees and weeds
text: around it, LEWIS leaps out of the car and knocks impatiently
text: on the door of the house which is half-open. ED climbs out
text: and dutifully joins him, but BOBBY and DREW remain in their
text: car laughing soundlessly behind their windshield.
text: Through the open door a sliver of the house is visible, a
text: picture of Jesus, a few beercans on the floor and in the
text: deep shadows of the room an old woman is just visible in
text: silouette, A strange trick of light illuminates one of her
text: eyes, The eye and its pouch of aged skin seems to hang in-
text: dependently in space, unconnected to a body,
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Curse you! Leave us be! Blust your
dialog: eyes! :
dialog: ‘This seems to be what she is saying although in fact her
text: speech is so country and slurred that the words are hard
dialog: to make out. :
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: . Jesus!
text: LEWIS shrugs it off, There is the sound of mffled hammer-
text: ing from the garage at the side of the house.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (pointing towards the
dialog: garage)
text: Sounds like he's in there.
text: They move to the front door of the garage, but it is
text: padlocked,
text: LEWIS quickly threads a way to the rear of the garage through
text: a depressing wasteland of rusted farm implements, twisted
text: cars, abandoned pistonless engines.
text: At the back of the garage they find a door sagging open.
text: The sound of metal is much louder as it comes through the
dialog: opening.
text: Without any hesitation at all, LEWIS plunges into the dark-
text: ness of the garage, He is gone before ED makes up his mind
text: to follow him, but he does, and goes in toc, Fora moment,
text: there is nothing but the junky back of the garage, and the
text: sound of metal being pounded.
dialog: renee ern
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: 2he
dialog: 25.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT, GRINER'S GARAGE ‘ - DAY
text: It is quite dark at first, but soon objects smerge mysteri-
text: ously; a luminous green truck battery, cables and wires, a
text: @istributor and carburetor on a wooden bench, an anvil, an
text: engine hoisted and dangling on a heavy greasy chain, Through
text: all these things LEWIS and ED thread their way, and before
text: them is disclosed a huge, country figure, a kind of red-
text: necked Thor, pounding the rim of a truck wheel laid on its
text: side on a bench,
text: Just as the figure is established in its half-light, an ex-
text: clamation comes from it,
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: Shit fire! God Almighty!
text: GRINER's figure bends,: apparently injured, doubies up and
dialog: makes for the door,
text: ED immediataly presses himself into the wall to allow the
text: agonised creature to pass into the light, but LEWIS, his
text: powerful body silhouetted against the white light spilling
text: through the door, seems to block GRINER’s way. His position
text: forces GRINER to look up at him, LEWIS having exacted this
text: penance turns, elegant as a matador, letting the huge bull
text: man pass, LEWIS has just the glint of a smile, the look of
text: the competitive, compulsive games player.
scene_heading: EXT, REAR OF GARAGE DAY
text: GRINER stands in the yard, spraddled-legged, hoiding his
text: hurt hand, He looks up at LEWIS and ED, and it is impossible
dialog: to tell as to whether the intenss, terribie fierceness in his
text: face is coming from his pain, or from their intrusion.
dialog: Probably it is from both, He is an enormous country brutale-
text: looking man, with no humor in him. He suggests nothing but
dialog: brutality and stupidity. And enormous physical power, He
text: is dressed in overall pants and a sleeveless undershirt, a
text: train engineer’s cap, and army boots, which are. blackened
text: with grease and unlaced.
text: LEWIS walks right up to him,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Can we do anything?
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: {as though this were a perfectly
dialog: logical question he rejects)
dialog: Naw, It ain‘t as bad as I thoughs,
text: GRINER pulls out a dirty handkerchief and wraps it around
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 25 (Cont. )
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: Whut do you want?
speaker_heading: LEWIS"
dialog: 
dialog: 19.
dialog: Could you and somebody else, maybe
dialog: your brother, drive a couple of cars
dialog: down to Aintry for us?
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: Drive ‘em down there for whut?
speaker_heading: . LEWIS
dialog: We want to take a canoe
dialog: trip down
dialog: the Cahulawassee, and we'd like for
dialog: our cars to be at Aintry when we get
dialog: there. day after tomorrow.
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: A canoe trip?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: That's right. A canoe trip.
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: What the hail you want to fuck around
dialog: with that river for?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Because it's there,
text: This is for ED, and LEWIS throws him a look.
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: It's there,'all right.
dialog: If you git
dialog: in there and can't git out, you're
dialog: gonna wish it wudn't,
text: The situation is suddenly dangerous and out of hand.
text: ED glances at them both anxiously.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Listen, Lewis. To hell with it.
dialog: Let's go back to town and play
dialog: golf.
text: LEWIS pays no attention to ED, but grinds GRINER with his
text: eyes.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: (
dialog: 
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 25 (Cont.1)
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (to Griner) .
dialog: Well, can you do it? Wetll
dialog: give you thirty dollars,
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: Fifty.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (calmly and
dialog: deliberately, and
dialog: very distinctly)
dialog: Fifty, my ass.
text: LEWIS moves directly up to GRINER in what is quite obviously
text: a challenge to GRINER to do something physical, if he's of
dialog: a mind to,
text: ED pulls at LEWIS's arm.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Lewis, Lewis. For God's sake,
dialog: Don't play games,
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: How about forty?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (turning finally to Ed)
dialog: Are you good for ten?
text: ED hands a note to LEWIS who passes it on to GRINER with
dialog: some others. .
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: Good enough.
text: GRINER takes the bills and stuffs them in his pocket, He
text: melts into the rear of the house, Lewis gives ED a quick
dialog: grin.
text: LEWIS and ED move around the garage, back to the car.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: {lowers his voice)
dialog: You reckon we'll ever see these cars
dialog: again?’ This is a rough son-of-a-bitch,
text: As they come round to the front of the garage, DREW and
text: BOBBY appear noving tentatively towards them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 21.
dialog: 25 ( Gont,2)
dialog: 26.
dialog: 27.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . - DREW
dialog: You in some kind of trouble?
text: LEWIS thrusts through them towards his car, dismissing their
text: nervousness.
speaker_heading: . LEWIS
dialog: It's all fixed.
text: The others follow LEWIS and hang about him uncertainly by
dialog: his car. .
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We heard this cussing and shouting.
speaker_heading: . LEWIS
dialog: It's 0.K,
text: BOBBY is about to go on, but looks up and stops. The others
text: also become circumspect and in the foreground the huge arms
text: and chests ‘of the GRINER BROTHERS cross towards their run-
text: down pick-up truck followed by the eyes of the city men.
text: The pick-up truck pulls out and in the cab, besides the
text: BROTHERS, there is quite definitely a THIRD MAN. His
text: features are in shadow, there is just a suggestion of a
text: figure in a baseball cap - and nothing more,
scene_heading: EXT, ROAD ABOVE OREE . DAY
text: LEWIS'S car accelerates out in front of the truck with tyres
text: erying out. DREW is content to tag along behind.
scene_heading: INT. LEWIS'S CAR DAY
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Better let them show us.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (scornfully)
dialog: Hell, we know ‘bout where it is.
text: Just ahead LEWTS sees a suggestion of a dirt road going orf
text: to the left. He slews She car round on to it. The car
text: jaws end bumps badiy. ED tries not to look apprehensive
text: without quite succeeding.
text: LEWIS bumps and bangs down into a kind of hollow where the
text: road gives out.
text: Nothing 1s there but the rock-chimney of a burned down house.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 27 (Cont.)
dialog: 28.
dialog: 
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Well, we screwed up, sure enough,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why not just let them show us
dialog: where the river is?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You're missing the whole point, Ed.
text: He hurls the car around on full lock and claws back to the
text: road where the truck and the other car wait. As LEWIS
text: comes alongside the pick-up, GRINER leans out of his cab.
speaker_heading: . GRINER
dialog: Where you-gpin' city boy?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: We'll get there.
speaker_heading: GRINER
dialog: Ain't nothin' but the biggest
dialog: river in the State.
text: ED hides a kind of smile, but LEWIS is undaunted, not angry
text: or rattled at all. He spurts forward again, the canoe
text: rattling. and banging on the roof.
text: The lend is flatter, and the road runs between stumps of
text: pine trees. LEWIS gestures at the stumps.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: Land's been sawmilled. Map shows
text: an old logging road.
scene_heading: EXT. TRACK TO RIVER DAY
text: A track leads off into it. LEWIS drives in without slacken-
text: ing speed. The track immediately clips down a steep incline.
text: The road obviously doubles as a river bed at flood-time, its
text: surface gouged out and at the same time smoothed over,
text: ED braces himself against the dashboard. Bushes swirl at
text: the open windows of the car, flying in, then whipping out
text: again. The underside of the car drags and crunches on brush
dialog: and gravel.
text: Suddenly the car is stopped and the branches become still,
text: lying across ED'S chest.
text: The car has stalled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FS
dialog: :
dialog: 234
dialog: , .
dialog: 2 28 (Cont.) : |
speaker_heading: C CO LEWIS
dialog: Listen!
text: They keep perfectly still for a moment, swallowed in the
text: dark green belly of the forest.
text: Unmistakably, the sound of running water.
text: LEWIS grins and his grin widens as the sound seems to grow.
text: LEWIS is himself again.
speaker_heading: ' LEWIS
dialog: | You have to get lost before you
dialog: can find it, !
text: They clamber out, LEWIS leaping, ED rather apprehensively.
speaker_heading: : ED
dialog: You reckon there are any snakes
dialog: around here?
speaker_heading: : LEWIS
dialog: Plenty. Watch where you put your
text: OQ feet.
text: & ED catches a glimpse of himself in the rear window of the
text: \ station wagon, where the dark equipment inside makes the
text: window more like a mirror. He buckles on his Army web
text: belt with the big knife on it and the coil of green nylon
dialog: rope.
text: He pulls a wry face at himself which is meant to self-
text: mocking, as though he were putting himself on by acting this
dialog: way, wearing these clothes, being here in the woods,
text: ED looks around for LEWIS, and doesn't find him. He looks
text: in this direction, then that. Finally he sees LEWIS momen-
text: tarily further down the slope.
text: ED scrambles after him - squeamishly, as though afraid of
text: getting his tennis shoes dirty, he crowhops, dodging the
text: pools of water, over to where LEWIS is peering at something
text: through a drapery of bushes and willows.
scene_heading: 29. EXT, THE RIVER , . DAY
text: ED comes up to LEWIS, and LEWIS dramatically opens the
text: willows wider, revealing a leaf-framed view of the river.
text: e The sound swells up.
text: ak 5 ‘ The river is pretty, beautiful even - but not as wide as one
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 30.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 2h.
dialog: ‘
dialog: 29 (cont. )
text: might have thought it would be. It is green and clean, and
text: not threatening at all.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: There it is. The real thing.
speaker_heading: ED
text: Pretty. Pretty indeed.
text: The willows swish back into place, closing off the view of
dialog: the stream.
scene_heading: EXT. EMBARKATION POINT DAY
text: BOBBY and LEWIS have the aluminium canoe on their becks
text: and stagger down to the water, leaves lashing this four-
text: legged headless beast.
text: THE GRINERS watch from their truck with derisive fascination,
text: making no attempt to help.
text: BOBBY and LEWIS lift the canoe down awkwardly into the water,
text: where ED takes it from them, The other canoe, the green
text: wooded one, is floating and loaded up already. ED holds the
text: canoe and is pushed deeper inte the water, nearly to his
text: waist. He pulls his way back, but the mud holds him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It's got me.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What's got you. -
speaker_heading: .ED
dialog: Ite
text: LEWIS grins and turns back to loading and fussing with the
text: gear, as DREW gingerly hands down his guitar to ED,
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (imitating the country
text: talk in an exaggerated
dialog: way)
dialog: I'm a goin! with you, and not with Mr.
dialog: Lewis Medlock. I done seen how he
dialog: drove these roads he don't know nothin!
dialog: about.
text: The gear is loaded now, the tents, the beer, the food, the
text: bedrolis, the bows and arrows.
text: LEWIS and BOBBY climb into the other canoe wearing their
text: life jackets, BOBBY is incredibly awkward, WIS easy
speaker_heading: and competent. (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
dialog: o "30 (Cont.)
dialog: Lo .
speaker_heading: - LEWIS
dialog: O.K. Wetre ready, -
text: Deep in the woods, the sound of a car starting.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'll bet they can't get the cars
dialog: back up that hill.
text: DREW and ED are strapping on their life-~jackets.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: That's a nice thought.
text: BOBBY picks up his paddle gingerly and throws a somewhat
text: desperaté look over his shoulder as LEWIS pushes away from
dialog: the bank.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What the hell are we going to do
dialog: if we come off this river and
dialog: there's no cars down at what's-its-
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: (= . LEWIS
dialog: — They'll be there. Don't worry about
dialog: a thing.
text: LEWIS drives the canoe out with long sweeps while BOBBY
text: holds his paddle uncertainly.
scene_heading: 31. EXT. THE RIVER . . DAY
text: DREW and ED settle in awkwardly and push off. DREW picks
text: up his paddle and looks at 1t uncertainly. He makes a
text: practise stroke through the air.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: This.... how you hold this thing?
text: ED struggling himself, alternately paddling and pushing at
dialog: the mud,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You hold it.... like you hold it.
text: The water is fairly placid and slow here, but moving just
text: the same. They feel the river take hold of the canoes, take
text: . . them over, Just the sound of the water, Trees hang over the
text: 1 2 river, holding back the sun, turning the water inky.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 31 (Cont.)
dialog: 32.
text: LEWIS and BOBBY have got ahead, while ED and DREW shift
text: about and experiment with their paddles, laughing at their
text: awkwardness just like suburban fathers on a boating lake
text: in the park.
scene_heading: EXT. GENTLE RAPIDS DAY
text: The water quickens a little, and the speed of the canoe
text: visibly picks up. So far, ED and DREW are doing all right,
text: and they begin to know it. They are getting a rudimentary
dialog: sense of what they need to do.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Try a stronger pull. I think we're
text: getting the hang of it.
text: A broader expanse of the river opens in front of them. The
text: other canoe is still well ahead. The river is not particu-
text: larly rough here, but the part before them is a little
text: rougher than at the place where they put in.
text: ED and DREW manoeuvre through some lively, interesting but
text: not dangerous water, none of it white, but urgent and
dialog: vigorous.
text: Then they run one little stretch that is very slightly
text: dangerous, where the water begins to foam up, and they make
dialog: it nicely.
text: DREW turns backward to ED as much as he is able to do.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey, hey! How about this!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: This is some kind of all right,
dialog: huh?
text: They go along, in calmer water now. ED ploughs easily along,
dialog: enjoying things.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Well, for god's sake! What's
dialog: wrong up there, Tarzan?
text: Way ahead, the other canoe is swung broadside to the current.
text: The action of LEWIS and BOBBY in the other canoe is con-
text: fused and even a little desperate. The canoe is turning all
text: the way around, and begins to travel downstream backward.
text: DREW turns around, again only so much as he is able to in
text: his position, and he is laughing sincerely and sympathetical-
dialog: ly.
speaker_heading: 7 (CONTINUED)
dialog: %
dialog: 
dialog: 27.
dialog: 32 (Cont. ) '
dialog: 33.
text: Eda is more concerned about the others, but he smiles too, and
text: shakes his head ruefully, as though he expected this.
text: They are catching up'with the green canoe, as LEWIS tries to
dialog: bring the bow around,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (to Bobby, and a
dialog: little impatiently)
dialog: Let me do it! Take your paddle out
dialog: of the’ water and I'll bring it
dialog: around.
text: -He doesn't though, Just as the bow is beginning to swing
text: downstrream, they drift on to a couple of big rocks and hang
text: there. LEWIS hunches in his seat, trying to get the canoe
text: off the rocks that way, doesn't succeed, then steps out into
text: the water, which comes up to his thigh. He rights the canoe
text: by brute force just as ED and DREW come alongside. They
text: move into the lead and LEWIS clambers back in and sets off
dialog: again.
scene_heading: EXT. OREE BRIDGE DAY
text: As they pass under the bridge, one or two PEOPLE look down
text: at them, watching impassively, _ DREW spots the ALBINO BOY
text: amongst them. He waves up enthusiastically and getting no
text: answer from THE BOY, holds his paddle like a guitar and
text: pretends to play it. THE BOY stares but makes no response.
text: They pass under the bridge. DREW turns and looks back, THE
text: BOY has crossed over and still watches them from the other
text: side of the bridge.
speaker_heading: . DREW
dialog: Spooky kid.
text: They move through the part of the river lying directly under .
text: the town of Oree. It is evidently used as a kind of junk
text: heap where the townspeople throw away anything they don't
dialog: want.
text: The river bed is littered with old tires, engines, wheels,
text: old refrigerators, cookers, and so on. There are also several
text: startlingly bright broken things of plastic: pitchers, water~
text: containers, and the like. ED looks down at an electric blue
text: plastic jar that catches the late afternoon sun and shoots
text: up a jarring artificial light.
text: ED looks around: something is making him uneasy without
dialog: his knowing what it is.
text: He vrings his paddle out of the water, and there is a feather
text: stuck to the end of it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PD
speaker_heading: oN
dialog: 33 (Co!
dialog: 
dialog: 28.
dialog: nt. ) . ,
text: ED peers intently at something in the river. He can't quite
text: make it out, but finally he does. It is a chicken head,
text: ludicrous ‘and repulsive, spinning aimlessly in the water be-
text: side the canoe, turning over and over, fixing ED every now
text: and then with its open eye.
text: ED still gazes into the river while he paddles. The canoe
text: passes over a huge ghostly white underwater thing.
text: It is a big rock with a log wedged against it. Both rock and
text: log are covered with feathers, wavering, hairy, and repul-
text: sive in'a sort of uncanny representation of human nausea: a
dialog: perfect image of this.
speaker_heading: . DREW
dialog: Poultry processing plant.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Geu-u-gh!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (paddling easily
dialog: along, not worried
dialog: about a thing)
dialog: Man, you got to get used to these
dialog: things! You're a big boy now!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You get used to ‘em!
text: A little further down, to make things worse, an effluent pipe
text: issues into the river'and soon they are riding on a river of
dialog: blood: chicken blood.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (not able to contain
dialog: his disgust)
dialog: Je-sus!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (turning around es
dialog: well as he can, in
dialog: @ manner which is
dialog: that of joking,
dialog: but not entirely)
dialog: What's the matter? Don't you like
dialog: fried chicken?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (resignedly)
dialog: I used to.
dialog: 
dialog: 3h.
dialog: 
dialog: 296
scene_heading: EXT. STRETCH OF RAPIDS . "Day
text: They go around a turn, and the river changes completely.
text: There is a long series of little rapids, lively and interest-
text: ing looking, stretching out of sight ahead.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Well for the Lord's sake, would you
dialog: look at that! What do we do now?
text: They are delighted but apprehensive too,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Lewis says head right for the fastest
dialog: water, Try to keep us going right down
dialog: the middle, through the channel and be-
dialog: tween the rocks, That's all I know to do,
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Ay, ay! Let's go there!
text: DREW digs in enthusiastically, the canoe picks up speed and
text: starts through the first of the rapids,
text: They are sucked in to battle with the river, trying to keep
text: the canoe straight in the channel, trying to avoid running
text: over rocks,
text: During all this, ED is silent, working hard, but now end then
text: DREW gives an exultant whoop, like a cowboy breaking a horse.
text: There is just the right mixture of exhilaration and danger.
text: DREW and ED are equal to coping with this stretch of the
text: . Yiver, but only just barely. There is a time when they just
text: about capsize, They ship some water, and DREW calls out Uh-
text: oh! But somehow they rigt the canoe and continue, At the last
text: place on this stretch, they go right over a big boulder and
text: come down on the river with a tremendous WHUMP.
text: The rapids give way to calmer water. DREW and ED adjust them-
text: selves in their seats, and re-arrange the equipment which has -
text: been shaken loose and out of place,
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ‘Old Lewis, by damn} He knows something}
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That was some ride, eh?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You better believe it was some ride}
dialog: You 0.K.?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Pretty good. Yes, sir! Sure ami ‘
text: They back paddle and swing around to get a view of LEWIS and
text: BOBBY careering through the rapids, They do pretty well, too.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 30,
speaker_heading: 3h (Cont. )
text: y LEWIS drives his canoe up alonside the other one with long
text: Sa strokes. He has taken it in a very blase way but BOBBY is
text: honestly excited and thrilled. r
dialog: - |
speaker_heading: BOBBY :
dialog: Wow! It's better than Disneyland.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Wow's right.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to Lewis)
dialog: Don't you think we ought to make camp
dialog: pretty soon?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Yeah, I do. I'm afraid if we go any
dialog: farther the banks might begin to get
dialog: . ' _, 600 high for us to get out on,
dialog: & »
scene_heading: 35. EXT, CAMP SITE NIGHT
text: It is now very dark, and a couple of flashlights have been
text: hung in a bush so as to provide an area of concentrated light.
text: € This device renders various effects of light and dark and
text: ¢ ” mood and tone, as one after the other of the men passes
text: a through this lit-up area, stays in it for a moment, then
text: melts back into the general dark,
text: The upcast light of the flashlights gives unexpected quali-
text: ties to the faces of these men. It makes BOBBY iook vaguely
text: Oriental and DREW'S face more pitted, as the shadow adheres
text: to his face, Only LEVIS is instantly recognizable, though
text: changed somewhat too. He looks more determined and author-
text: ative than ever, with also an admixture of ruthlessness that
text: does not show up so. well by daylight,
text: There is no sound during this except single notes picked out .
text: on DREW'S guitar,
text: DREW is now tuning his guitar in earnest, using both the
text: regular method and also harmonic tuning, which gives a beau-
text: tiful bell-like sound,
text: BOBBY comes over to them and hands them a paper cup apiece,
text: and then pours a big drink of bourbon for each, He disap-
text: pears, and LEWIS takes a genercus swallow as ED sips, then.
text: LEWIS moves to the fire and begins to encourage it. Steaks
text: are frying. The fire picks up and casts its flickering,
text: Cc insubstantial light over the scene.
dialog: \
speaker_heading: i . (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 31.
dialog: 35 (Cont. ). . .
text: e> . ED goes and lies on the bank by himself, while LEWIS cooks.
text: ( DREW plays a soft chord, B minor.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I've always wanted to do this, only
dialog: I didn't know it.
text: He picks part of a very country-sounding blue-grass piece,
text: then breaks off,
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: It's woods music, Don't you think so?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Sure do,
text: He plays on, switching around, fragments of blues and blue-
text: grass, then a few chords of "Duelling Banjoes." He leaves
text: gaps for the banjo to answer, looking out into the woods, but
text: none comes, During the music BOBBY pours himself another
text: drink and ED one. He offers the bottie to DREW, but DREW
text: shakes his head,being happy with his music, and wanting
dialog: nothing else, nothing to interfere with it.
text: LEWIS brings over dishes of the food he has cooked, and the
text: Cay three of them eat with great relish while DREW continues to
dialog: play. .
speaker_heading: tN
text: DREW stops, and they all sit silently.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (in what is for
dialog: him a soft voice)
dialog: You know, we donit have too many more
dialog: years for:this kind of thing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, I guess not. But I can tell you. I’m
dialog: glad we came. I'm damned glad. This is
dialog: a great place to.be, right now..The greatest.
text: They are relaxed, euphoric, except for LEWIS, He still has
text: an ear cocked for the voices of the night, the sounds of the
text: forest. He is watching out, he is ready. But this just
text: makes the others more secure and easy.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (a little drunk)
dialog: It's true Lewis, what you said. There's
text: something in the woods and the water
dialog: Cc that we lost in the city.
speaker_heading: ) : LEWIS
dialog: We didn't lose it, we sold it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: s 35 (Cont.1)
text: O, : BOBBY gets up and stretches.
dialog: {
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: . But at least technology produced the
dialog: air mattress - or as it's better known
dialog: in camp circles - the instant broad,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (moving to the
text: tent with a yawn)
dialog: To say nothing of that nylon/kapok
dialog: miracle - the sleeping bag.
text: LEWIS has been standing a little apart from the others. Now
text: he raises his arm in a gesture which says keep still and be
text: quiet. They freeze in their stretching or stooping or crouc-
text: ing postures and listen. The noises of the night amplify as
text: they strain to hear'- the creaks and cries, the sighing trees,
text: all indecipherable to a blunt city ear.
text: LEWIS is absolutely motionless, yet coiled up, ready to
dialog: spring.
text: The ease and well-being drains out of them as the forest be-
text: comes threatening, full of menace, ‘
text: QO Suddenly LEWIS slips into the black woods, He makes no sound
text: & and he is gone as though he never existed. | :
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (shaking his
dialog: head exasperated)
dialog: This guy is unbelievable, All day
dialog: he's been an Indian Brave and now he
dialog: has to play Tarzan.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (still apprehensive)
dialog: i He knows the woods, though. He really
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: He's learnt them, He doesn't feel
dialog: them, That's Lewis! problem. He wants
dialog: to be 'one! with nature and he's not.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: So we have to endure these melodramatic
dialog: games,
text: on They look about them nervously. They feel vulnerable and
dialog: ce abandoned, ,
speaker_heading: a (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 33.
dialog: my 35 (Cont.2)
speaker_heading: er ) ED
text: (wryly) .
dialog: Do you realize if it wasn't for this
dialog: madman we'd all be home in bed with
text: doors locked against the night.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: And armfulls of warm women,
text: They are Like mutinous schoolboys. They start to giggle.
text: Suddenly LEWIS materialises at their side. ZOBBY starts with
dialog: surprise, : :
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Jesus, Lewis. You scared the shit
dialog: out of me.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What was it, Lewis?
text: LEWIS surveys the camp site, the firelight licking the long
text: tree shadows, He is very calm,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Humans, They were watching us.
speaker_heading: Cay DREW
dialog: Did you catch up with them?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: So what, I'm going to sleep, Fuck it,
speaker_heading: "DREW
dialog: Maybe it was just the Gods, Lewis, out
text: walking in the forest,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, to the sleeping bags, men,
text: LEWIS looks out over the river as though with some secret
dialog: kmowledge.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Had my first wet dream in a sleeping
dialog: bag. I surely did.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (with interest, but
dialog: € \ . not a whole iot)
dialog: md How was it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Re ARTE.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ‘&
dialog: 4
dialog: Ne
dialog: 38. (Cont.3)
dialog: 36.
dialog: 37.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . BOBBY
dialog: Great. There's no repeating it.
text: There is a long sigh, and then no sound.
scene_heading: EXT, CAMPING GROUND DAWN
text: The two tents lie under a shroud of mist which has come up
text: over the river and spilied out through the forest.
text: It is very still. ED slips out of his tent. He wears long
text: Johns the colour of fog and he is scarcely visibie,
scene_heading: EXT, RAVINE ABOVE CAMP DAWN
text: As he begins to walk stealthily away from the tents, he re-
text: veals his bow in his right hand.
text: He moves up along the smali ravine or draw that runs back
text: inland. He moves very cautiously, the bow always ready, but
text: there is a distinct feeling that he is play-acting. He
dialog: doesn't really think he is going to come on any game,
text: He goes slong like this for perhaps twenty or thirty careful
text: steps, until the land begins to rise and the fog, as a con-
text: sequence, starts to thin out,
text: ED is more visible now, a ridiculous figure in long under-
text: wear in the wocds, and he, too, obviously feels himself to
dialog: be pretty absurd, ~
text: He turns around to ‘start back down, somewhat angry with him-
dialog: self,
text: He is getting back into the river-fog now, when to the left,
text: there is a siight movement. He stops and peers as he tries -
text: to make out what is causing it. Gradually it becomes appar-
text: ent that it is a little deer, a spike buck probably,
text: ED slowly raises the bow, scarcely daring to breathe, scarcely
text: believing in his luck, ana not knowing, reaily whether he
dialog: wiil acuwally shooc or not, tne orange frame ol thread on
text: his bowstring comes back as he draws the bow, until it is
text: framing his eye . A great flush of excitement comes over ED
text: and he starts tc tremble.
text: At first the sight is not on the deer, and he tries to frame
text: the animal siowly, very slowly. The deer is browsing, not
text: looking up, and ED brings him right to the center of the
text: blurred frame of string.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: eo age a nterenain
dialog: 35.
dialog: eo, 37 (Cont. ) : :
text: Cs, ED releases, But there is a quick but unmistakable knowledge
text: that he has botched the shot, after all that preparation.
text: His left hand, bow-hand, has jerked just as the shot went.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: God damn it,
text: He snatches loose another arrow from the bow-quiver, He
text: draws again, The deer, which has evidently jumped a little
text: farther away, watches him, but the peep sight is swinging
text: erratically, and doesn't frame the deer, but once or twice
text: almost does, The bow twangs as ED releases, and the deer
text: jumps and soundlessly vanishes.
text: ED very deliberately throws the bow into a bush, just as a
dialog: golfer would toss a club,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, that's that!
text: He retrieves the bow, and starts down, noisily, awkwardly,
text: not looking out for deer any more, and then he is back at
text: the tents. This mist is thinning out; it is by now almost
dialog: gone,
scene_heading: tw. 38, EXT. CAMP SITE DAY
text: DREW is folding his bedroll. He laughs at the sight of ED
text: and he calls into one of the tents for BOBBY,who is irritably
dialog: dressing.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey, Bobby. Look what came out of
dialog: the forest.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (without humor
dialog: or trony)
dialog: Yeah,
text: LEWIS is making a fire with twigs. He turns and sees ED and
text: gives a sharp look at the two empty slots in the bow quiver,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (nodding at bow)
dialog: What about it, buddy?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Cc (digustedly)
dialog: . I got a shot,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: &
dialog: ®
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 36.
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: 38 (Cont.) .
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (straightening)
dialog: You did? -
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I did, A spectacular miss at fifteen
text: yards, I boosted my bow hand, like a
dialog: god-damned idiot. I just exploded, I
dialog: psyched out. Something said raise your
dialog: hand, and I did,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Well; that's too bad. We could'a had
dialog: meat. :
scene_heading: 39. EXT. RIVER BANK DAY
text: ED sits in the loaded canoe, holding the bank as BOBBY
text: climbs and crumples into the bow,
text: ED looks at BOBBY apprehensively, then turns to call back to
speaker_heading: LEwIs,.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We're gonna sail on out. We'll take
dialog: it-slow.
text: LEWIS ts still packing gear into their canoe, while DREW
text: douses the campfire.
text: When they get out into midstream it becomes evident as to
text: just how inept BOBBY is. He's in terrible shape physically,
text: as he is unco-ordinated, he is unwilling, he is disagreeable.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I hope to God we can get off this
dialog: fucking river today,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Ah, now. It's not all that bad!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: It's not? Listen: mosquitoes ate me
dialog: up last night. My bites have got bites.
dialog: I'm catching a fucking cold from sleep-
dialog: ing on the fucking ground, and I'm
dialog: hungry eas hell for something that
dialog: tastes good, And I don't mean sorghum,
text: BOBBY starts to paddle wildly,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: f
dialog: {
speaker_heading: 39 (Cont. )
dialog: ho.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: .ED
dialog: Steady dow. It's not gonna do your
dialog: eold any good to dump in this river.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Fuck it. Let's get onwith it. I'm
dialog: tired of this woods scene, I'm tired
text: of shitting in a hole in the ground.
dialog: This is for the Indians,
text: They go along for a while, not speaking, and they make some-
dialog: what better progress,
scene_heading: EXT, THE RIVER DAY
text: The canoes cut through a dazzling silver sundrenched river,
text: The. land gets wilder and more thickly-wooded. A heron
text: glides out low over the river lazily following its contours.
text: The river is placid and ED must paddle steadily to make pro-
text: gress. He keeps having to wipe sweat out of his eyes. He
text: squints at the sunfilled river. He scoops up water and
text: rinses his face,
text: ED and BOBBY swallow beer.
text: The bow lies in the canoe and the river slides past it, with
text: its black and green, orange-feathered arrows, the heads
text: shining with deadly light.
text: LEWIS! canoe is out of sight as ED and BOBBY pass through
text: dense, fir forest -'silent, mysterious, stifling.
text: A SNAKE slips into the water and swims with exactly the same
text: motion as crawling on land, across in front of the canoe,
text: then disappears, still in the same motion and at the same
text: speed, in the weeds on the other side,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (speaking back over
dialog: his shoulder)
dialog: Let's for God's sake not turn over here!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, buddy. We won't.
text: They are now getting awfully hot and tired, They finish the
text: last two beers of the six-pack, BOBBY throws his can care-
text: lessly into the river, and ED carefully holds his underwater
text: until it fills, and then lets it go down,
text: ED keeps shifting around uncomfortably, trying to ease his
text: back, his right hip. He keeps running his tongue around in-
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 38,
dialog: e~ ho (Cont.) , .
text: oi side his dry mouth, and picking up water from the river and
dialog: putting it on his head, ~
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (half-turning again)
dialog: Let's put in for a little while. This
dialog: is getting to me,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (looking backward for
text: the other cance and
dialog: not sesing it)
dialog: I'm for that, Ws can wait for the
dialog: others to catch up, Maybs they've
dialog: got somé more beer,
scene_heading: 4i. EXT, RESTING PLACE DAY
text: They’ pull in and tis up to the bank, then climb out and sit
text: down, reiieved to bs in the shade, BOBBY unties a hanker~
text: chief frem around his neck and leans down and sops it in the
text: river, He sits beside ED, and they both peer upriver,
speaker_heading: BODBY
dialog: {squinting}
dialog: 3 Wender what the hell Lewis and Drew
dialog: C are doing up there, anyway.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Probably ths same thing we are, Thsy'll
text: bs along in a Little whils.
text: BOBBY rubs at his face and neck with the handkerchief, ED
text: gets up, ans tends dewn and tzuches his tces a couple of
text: times to get the kinks cut, He peers ‘upriver once again,
text: dcesn't se2 anything, then turns tack to say something to
speaker_heading: ‘ BOBBY,
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Befors his gaze coms: to rest on EOBBY, it stops on TWO MEN
text: at the edge of the wocas, shadowy and very silent. One of
text: them may have a gun; but this is not clear yet,
speaker_heading: EL
dialog: {peering co make
dialog: them out better:
text: The TWO MEN energs from the brush, their limbs curiously a-
dialog: in te ths tangled branches from which tney come The taller
text: of them does indeed have a gun; an old, old shotgun,
text: BOBBY turns, sees the MEN, ard gets up slowly, brushing at
dialog: ce amselif as he dees so,
speaker_heading: a BOBBY
dialog: {to the men, and with
dialog: & Lot mora confidence
dialog: than he feels) —
speaker_heading: Hew goes (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: EE
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3%
dialog: 1 (Cont. ) ,
text: THE MEN are still stepping forward, with a curious tiptoeing,
text: sideways walk, as though stepping around something that no
dialog: one but them can see is there,
dialog: 
dialog: If there were ever any degenerate red-necks, they are these
text: two, One of them is about fifty-five, in overalls and a
text: filthy work shirt. He has a mangy whitish beard. The other
text: one, the man with the gun, is younger, and his toothlessness
dialog: should be the most obvious thing about him. He is not wear-
text: ing overalls, but just a ragged, dirty shirt and pants, They
dialog: keep coming.
text: The OLDER MAN comes up to ED, and gets himself ridiculously
text: close, The faces are no more than four or five inches apart,
text: There is silence, while the man looks fiercely and ED tries
dialog: -to think of something to say.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
text: (revealing awful stumps
dialog: of teeth, orange and broken)
dialog: What the hail you think you're doing?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (as matter-of-factly
dialog: : as he can,
dialog: Going down river. We've been going
dialog: since yesterday,
text: BEARDED MAN looks at TALL MAN, and something significant
text: seems to pass between them,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (trying desperately
dialog: to tell his story)
dialog: We hope we can get to Aintry some time
dialog: late today or early tomorrow,
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: a
dialog: d
dialog: Aintry?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: {with something of his
dialog: smart-aleck city manner)
dialog: Sure. This river just runs one way,
dialog: ecap'n, Haven't you heard?
speaker_heading: ' BEARDED MAN
dialog: You ain't never goin’ to get down to
dialog: Aintry. - -
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (really startled and
text: frightened now, but
dialog: : : trying to bluff it out)
dialog: é Why not?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4o.
scene_heading: . BEARDED MAN
dialog: Because this river don't go to Aintry. ,
dialog: You done taken a wrong turn somewhere. |
dialog: This-here river don't go nowhere near
dialog: Aintry.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Where does it go?
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: It goes... it goes.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (very toothlessly)
dialog: It goes to Circle Gap. ‘Bout fifty
dialog: miles.
scene_heading: . BEARDED MAN
text: (turning his face
text: close to Ed's again,
dialog: even closer than before)
dialog: - Boy, you don't know where you are.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (resignedly)
dialog: Well, we're going where the river's
dialog: going. We'll come out somewhere,
dialog: I reckon.
dialog: a
text: With a very slight move, the TALL MAN gets himself nearer
text: to BOBBY.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (trying to be as
dialog: convincing and
dialog: harmless and as
dialog: full of good will
dialog: toward strangers
dialog: as he can)
dialog: Hell, we sure don't want any trouble.
dialog: If you've got a still near here, that's
dialog: fine with us. We could never tell any-
dialog: body where it is, because you know
dialog: something? You're right. We don't
dialog: kmow where we ares
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (seeming honestly
dialog: surprised)
dialog: eA A stee-ul?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ql
speaker_heading: 8 42 (Cont.2)
speaker_heading: GO ED
dialog: (as friendly as
dialog: possible, but how
dialog: friendly is that?)
dialog: Sure. If you're making whiskey,
dialog: we'll buy some from you. We could
dialog: sure use it.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: {squarely into
dialog: Ed's face)
dialog: Do you know what the hail you're
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: . ED
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: - about.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: You done said something about makin!
dialog: whiskey. You think we're makin!
dialog: whiskey. Now come on. Ain't that
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: QO =D
dialog: - (genuinely outdone
dialog: : by this time)
dialog: Look. I don’t know what you're
dialog: doing, and I don't care. It's not
dialog: any of my business.
text: The TALL MAN reaches over and feels BOBBY's arm, in a
text: strangely delicate gesture. BOBBY jerks back, and when
text: he does the barrel of the shotgun comes up, just a little,
dialog: but definitely.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (as though the inter-
dialog: view were over)
dialog: We'd better get on with it. We've
dialog: got a long ways to go.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (very decisively,
dialog: all pretence now past)
dialog: You ain't goin' nowhere.
text: The TALL MAN levels the shotgun right at ED's chest.
scene_heading: ce . TALL MAN
dialog: boy . (meaning it)
dialog: fv You come on back in here ‘less you
dialog: want your guts all over this-here
dialog: woods.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 41 (Cont.3)
text: ED half-raises his arms as though playing a part in a movie
text: about badmen. He cannot believe that this is happening.
text: The four of them go inland a few steps from the river, be-
text: hind a screen of bushes and weeds.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Back up to that saplin'.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (indicating a tree
text: with his raised hands)
dialog: This one?
dialog: ®
speaker_heading: C
text: ED backs up to a small tree, and the TALL MAN, working
text: quickly and expertly, takes off ED's web belt with the knife
text: and nylon rope on it, lets the belt out and puts it around
text: ED and the tree with the buckle on the other side of the
text: tree. He takes the knife out of the belt, slowly, and
text: stands looking at it with the shotgun pointing at BOBBY.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (mock admiringly )
dialog: Look at that! I bet that'll shave
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: Why tont you try it? Looks like that'n's
dialog: got plenty of it. 'Cept on his head.
dialog: 
text: Very deliberately the TALL MAN takes hold of the zipper to
text: ED's coveralls, and, with a quick movement, like tearing
text: ED apart, he zips it down to the belt with which ED is tied
dialog: to the tree. .
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN :
dialog: Good God Almighty! He's like a god-
dialog: amned monkey. You ever see anything
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (placing the point
text: of the knife under
text: ED's chin and forcing
text: him to hold his head
dialog: unnaturally high)
dialog: You ever had your balls cut off, you
dialog: fuckin! ape?
speaker_heading: ED
text: Cc (obviously terrified but
dialog: \ : : trying to hold onto some-
dialog: AD thing of himself, his pride)
dialog: Not lately. What good would they do you?
speaker_heading: (CONT INUED }
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 1 (Cont.)
text: TALL MAN scrapes across ED's chest with blade, and holds
text: up the knife with hair and a little blood on it.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Sharp, all right. Could be sharper,
text: but it's sharp.
text: TALL MAN begins to breathe faster, panting, and his face
text: takes on a malevolent expression. He looks, quitely liter-
text: ally, as if he would do anything: is just about to do it,
text: in fact. Suddenly, and very unexpectedly he raises the ©
text: knife over his head and drives it down with all his might,
text: with a furious and final movement. It appears to have
text: entered ED.
text: ED responds in shocked horror as though he has been mortally
text: wounded. - But the knife has in fact been struck into the
text: tree right next to ED’s head,
text: THE TWO MEN now converge on BOBBY. The BEARDED MAN takes
text: BOBBY by the shoulder and turns him to face downstream.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: (very matter-of-
dialog: fact)
dialog: Now let?s you just drop them pants.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (afraid to
dialog: comprehend )
dialog: Drope.eo?
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (putting muzzle of
dialog: shotgun under
dialog: Bobby's ear)
dialog: Just take ‘em right on off.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I mean, what‘’s this all....?
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: Don't say nothin’. Just do it.
text: THE TALL MAN shoves at BOBBY's head with the gun, suddenly
text: and viciously. The TALL MAN's actions are abrupt and deadly.
text: BOBBY slowly unbuckles his belt and unbuttons his pants.
text: He takes them off, looking around ridiculously for a place
dialog: to put them down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: hi (Cont.5)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: » BEARDED MAN
dialog: (indicating Bobby's
dialog: undershorts )
dialog: Them panties too,
text: BOBBY takes off his shorts like a boy undressing for the
text: first time in a gym.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (gesturing with gun)
dialog: See that log? Walk over yonder.
text: BOBBY walks uncertainly over to a big rotten log on the
text: ground and stands there: just BOBBY and the log, in some
text: sort of as-yet-undivulged relationship.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Now git on down crost it.
text: He puts the gun muzzle right under BOBBY's right ear.
text: ED watches horrified, the knife stuck in the tree next to
text: his head, a little blood trickling from under his chin. © He
text: shifts and gasps for breath against the tightness of the
dialog: (a belt.
text: The BEARDED MAN unfastens his pants while the TALL MAN
text: stands impassively over BOBBY, pointing the gun.
text: ED's face again, waiting to see and not wanting to, averting
text: his eyes as BOBBY's first scream comes. There is a note of
text: dreadful surprise in it. More screams come of animal pain,
dialog: becoming rhythmic. |
text: ED looks straight before him now, his eyes deadened and withou:
text: hope, not responding to the screams anymore.
text: Then his look changes, his focus shifts. His face takes on- a
text: an .expression of unbelief and the beginnings of a fantastic
dialog: kind of hope. .
text: Through a slit in a curtain of leaves is: the green canoe .
text: with LEWIS and DREW in it. They both have their paddles out
text: of the water. Then the canoe disappears, as though it had
text: never been. ED shakes his head as though he believes he '
text: may be hallucinating.
text: ED looks back toward the bushes, as the BEARDED MAN rises,
text: a little unsteadily, to his feet. There are no more screams.
text: Cc The BEARDED MAN makes a long strange sigh, as he stands
text: s, : there buttoning his pants. There is a glimpse of BOBBY
text: rolling in pain under the bushes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: OC. 41 (Cont.6) .
text: After they reorganise themselves for a moment, the TALL MAN
text: and the BEARDED MAN, without. saying a word, turn from BOBBY
text: and advance with dreadful purpose toward the tree where ED
text: is tied. ED watches them come, step by step, the TALL MAN
text: still with the gun.
text: The BEARDED MAN goes around behind the tree. ED and the
text: tree jerk violently, and ED suddenly falls free. He almost
text: stumbles, but brings up quickly, for’ the gun-muzzle is just
text: under his nose.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: You're hairy as a god-damned dog,
dialog: ain't you?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (gasping, resigned to
dialog: anything but having
dialog: his head blown off)
dialog: Some dogs, I suppose.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (half turning to
dialog: 7 Bearded Man)
dialog: ¢ Now what the hail ....
scene_heading: ~ . * BEARDED MAN
dialog: Ain't no hair in his mouth.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (with a terrible,
dialog: toothless grin)
dialog: That's the truth. Hold this on him.
text: The TALL MAN extends his hand with gun in it to the BEARDED
text: MAN, all the time still looking straight at ED. \
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (with deadly
dialog: seriousness )
dialog: Fall down on your knees boy. You
dialog: gonna do a little praying. And you
dialog: better pray good.
text: TALL MAN begins to unbutton his pants. ED goes down slowly
text: to his knees, the BEARDED MAN gets ready to position himself
text: _to hold the gun on ED, the TALL MAN loosening his pants.
text: There is an odd sound, a kind of quick slap-snap: a sound
text: Cc like a quick, sharp indrawn breath.
speaker_heading: a) , (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 41 (cont.7)
text: The BEARDED MAN makes a loud involuntary surprised gasp,
text: like that of a man with the wind knocked out of him unex-
text: pectedly. He does not yet look down.
text: ED looks sharply at the BEARDED MAN's face, and then quickly
text: at his chest. A foot and a half of bright red arrow is
text: protruding from the middle of it.
text: They all three hang motionless for a moment, too amazed to
text: act. The gun starts to fall from the BEARDED MAN's hand.
text: ED is nearest it, and he grabs for it, clumsily but with the
text: strength of panic. The TALL MAN also reaches for it, and
text: even touches it briefly, but ED has a better grip, this is
text: instantaneously recognized by both of them, and then the
text: TALL MAN leaps away into the bushes and is gone. The leaves
text: do not even tremble whsre he disappears.
text: ED rises, transfigured by terror and by the turn events have
text: taken. He is beast-like with the power of having the gun.
text: He wraps the string the gun uses for a trigger around his
text: hand and swings the barrel to cover the woods and everything
dialog: in it: to be able to blast whatever will come.
text: BOBBY still tightly curled up in his private pain begins to
dialog: comprehend the situation has altered.
text: The BEARDED MAN is standing stock still, with his feet wide
text: apart. He reaches down with a trembling, broken-nailed
text: hand and touches the shaft of the arrow delicately.
text: He falls to his knees and then to his side, rolling back
text: and forth, spitting and gritting his teeth. Then he gets,
text: with awful comic seriousness, back onto his feet again, this
text: time with his lips red with blood and drooling saliva and
text: blood. He turns toward the wocds and takes a couple of halt-
text: ing steps toward them, and then seems to change his mind
text: and turns back to ED, holding out one hand like an Olid Testa-
text: ment prophet about to divulge a secret to one of the chosen.
text: ED makes the decision to fire. He begins to pul] out the
text: string, utter determination on his face.
text: But there is no need. Suddenly the BEARDED MAN falls,
text: partly on his face and partly on his side, his face coming
text: to rest on the tops of ED's white tennis shoes. He has a
text: bubble of blood in his mouth, red as an apple. .
text: ED lowers the gunbarrel a little.
speaker_heading: ED
text: (shaking his head
dialog: in utter disbelief)
dialog: Well.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 4l (cont.8)
speaker_heading: : BOBBY
dialog: (from the ground,
dialog: and still half in
dialog: the bushes )
dialog: Lord God. Lord God.
text: ED looks down at the BEARDED MAN. The silver of the alumi-
text: nium arrow-shaft and the fancy blue-and-silver marking of
text: the white-feathered arrow stick out of his back.
text: ED peers into the woods, swinging the half-lowered gun back
text: and forth, and nothing else happens.
text: Then there is a faint stirring in the bushes. ED swings
text: towards it. LEWIS comes cautiously forward, another arrow
text: on the string, his ‘bow at the ready. He comes slowly into
text: the clearing. DREW is behind him, holding a canoe paddle
text: like a baseball bat.
text: LEWIS walks out between ED and BOBBY, and looks down at the
text: BEARDED MAN. He puts his bow-tip on a leaf and gazes at it,
text: about to say something.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (meditatively)
dialog: Well, now, how about this? I mean,
dialog: just.... how about this?
text: DREW moves to BOBBY and crouches down beside him. He puts
text: his hand on BOBBY’s shoulder, very sympathetic and gentle.
text: BOBBY glances at himwith a look of gratitude. Finally
text: ’ BOBBY gets painfully up; and DREW helps him. Dazed, furious
text: and incongruous, BOBBY picks up his pants and shorts, fum-
text: bling takes a handkerchief from a pocket, and goes back be-
text: hind the bushes.
text: Meanwhile, LEWIS leans on his bow and gazes out over the
text: river. When he speaks, it is decisively, but distant.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I figured it was the only thing to do.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (not sure as
dialog: all that)
dialog: I suppose it was. I thought we'd had
dialog: it. I tell you I did. I thought sure
dialog: they'd kill us.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Probably they would have. The penalty
dialog: for sodomy in this state is death, any-
text: way. And at the point of a gun....
dialog: No, they wouldnit have let you go.
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: Why should they? (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: ‘1 (Cont .9)
speaker_heading: . ‘ED
dialog: What are we going to do with him?
dialog: 
text: DREW comes up washing his hands with dirt and beating them
text: against the sides of his legs.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (decisively)
dialog: There's not but one thing to do. Put
text: the body in one of the canoes and take
text: it down to Aintry and turn it over to
dialog: the highway patrol. Tell them what
dialog: happened.
text: ED glances at DREW uncertainly, and then looks back at LEWIS.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: (gazing out over
dialog: the river)
dialog: Tell them what, exactly?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: . (becoming just a
dialog: Q little more passionate)
dialog: . Just what happened! This is justi-
dialog: / & fiable homicide if anything is! They
dialog: — were sexually assaulting two members
dialog: of our party at gunpoint. Like you
dialog: said, there was nothing else we could do.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: Nothing but shoot him in the back with
dialog: an: arrow.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (not sure what is going
text: on in Lewis' mind, and
dialog: afraid of what might be)
dialog: It was your doing, Lewis.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (still looking out
text: onto the river) .
dialog: What would you have done?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: It doesn’t make any difference what
dialog: I would have done....
text: He breaks off as they react to a kind of terrible sigh,
text: a something like the sound the BEARDED MAN gave out when he
text: ) finished with BOBBY. For a moment the city men look around,
text: and then LEWIS stoops swiftly down tc the BEARDED MAN. The
text: BEARDED MAN sighs again, a long, sobbing sound, and then
text: slumps completely.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: f Oe
speaker_heading: ( C) 41 (cont.10)
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (timorously )
dialog: Is he dead?
text: LEWIS nods without looking up.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: He is now. He's mighty dead. We
dialog: eouldn't have saved him, though.
text: He's centre-shot.
text: LEWIS rises, and the city men. stand still for a moment,
text: looking this way and that, all but LEWIS. LEWIS is gazing
text: out over the river again.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Let's just figure for a minute. Does
dialog: anybody know anything about the law?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I've been on jury duty exactly once.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (resignedly)
dialog: That's once more than I have.
dialog: 
text: BOBBY, comes up, fiery-faced and violated and with that
text: vindictiveness that only the violated have. He shakes his
text: head, his eyes murderously narrow.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You don't have to know much law to
dialog: kmow that-if we take this guy down
dialog: out of these mountains and turn him
dialog: over to the sheriff, we'd go on trial.
dialog: I don't know what the charge would be,
dialog: technically, but we'd be up against a
dialog: jury, sure as hell.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (convinced of
dialog: his innocence)
dialog: Well, so what?
speaker_heading: : LEWIS
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: All right, now. We've killed a man.
dialog: Shot him in the back. And we not only
dialog: killed a man, we killed a cracker, a
dialog: mountain man. Let's consider what
dialog: might happen.
dialog: 
dialog: (CONTINU™D )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 50.
dialog: 42 {Cont.11)
speaker_heading: DREW ~
dialog: (stalwartly)
dialog: All right. Consider it. We're
dialog: listening.
text: LEWIS relaxes for a moment and scratches his head. The
text: others wait for him to speak.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I'm goddamned if I want to come
dialog: backup here for shooting this guy
text: in the back, with a jury made uo
dialog: of his cousins and brothers and
dialog: maybe his father and mother, too, .
dialog: for all I know.
text: No éne says anything in answer. There are various gestures
text: of helplessness and indecision. DREW stands very still,
text: with his hands on his hips, getting his refutation together.
scene_heading: -, . LEWIS
dialog: (suddenly to
dialog: Bobby }
dialog: What do you think, Bobby? \
text: BOBBY's face is red, narrow-eyed, hate-filled. He does
text: not reply or even seem to hear, but goes quite deliberate-
text: ly over to the corpse and stands looking down at it. Sud-
text: denly, without any warning at all, he kicks it as hard as
text: he can in the face, and, before LEWIS can stop him, does
dialog: it again.
text: LEWIS pulls BOBBY back from the corpse gently but firmly,
text: and BOBBY walks away from the group and the corpse.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (turning to
dialog: his buddy, and
dialog: part-time pro-
dialog: tege, Ed)
dialog: How about you, Ed?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 51.
dialog: ©
dialog: (4 41 (Cont.12) :
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (making a
dialog: tremendous
dialog: effort to
dialog: come to a de-
dialog: eision, and
dialog: not being able
dialog: to
dialog: God, I don't know. I really don't.
text: DREW has now got his argument together. He is frightened,
text: put he is sure of the position he wants to take, and speaks
text: with the decisiveness of a man who has to be right.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (pointing
dialog: deliberately
dialog: down at the
dialog: corpse)
dialog: I don't know what you have in mind,
dialog: Lewis. But if you conceal this body
dialog: QO you're setting yourself up for a
dialog: & murder charge. That much law I do
dialog: ‘ know.
text: LEWIS looks at DREW with a genuinely interested expression
text: on his face.
speaker_heading: “ LEWIS
dialog: (with his
dialog: crazy, infectious
dialog: enthusiastic look)
dialog: Suppose there's no body? No body,
dialog: no crime. Isn't that right?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (even more
dialog: desperately,
dialog: with utter
dialog: conviction)
dialog: What on God's earth are you thinking
dialog: about, Lewis? This is not one of
dialog: your fucking games. You killed
dialog: somebody, There he is.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 7 41 (Cont.13) ‘
text: aO- DREW points down again, and this time the three of them look
text: ‘ down where he points, at the corpse.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I did kill him. But you're wrong
dialog: when you say this is nothing like
text: a game. It may be the most serious
dialog: kind of game there is. but if you
dialog: don't see it as a game, you're
dialog: missing an important point...
speaker_heading: : ED
dialog: (having heard things
dialog: like this from Lewis
dialog: . go many times before)
dialog: Come on, Lewis. For once let's not
dialog: carry on this way.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (turning suddeniy on
dialog: Ed like an animal)
dialog: - Ed, you listen. And listen good.
dialog: We can get out of this, I think.
dialog: Get out without any question asked,
dialog: but if we connect up with the law,
dialog: Ca : we'll be connected to this man, this
dialog: Xo body, for the rest of our lives.
dialog: We've got to get rid of him,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (excited with hops
dialog: but still doubtful)
dialog: How? Where?
text: LEWIS slowly and almost majestically raises his right hand
text: and extends his arm fully, then sweeps it in an all-embracing
text: gesture, over all the woods, all the trees, the whole wilder-
dialog: ness,
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (quietly and very
dialog: impressively)
dialog: Everywhere
text: The three. faces watch him transfixed; DREW's very set;
text: BOBBY's full of hate, weakness, and killing rage; ED's falling
text: under the old speil.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: c Anywhere} Nowhere}
text: ‘ \ : Despite themselves, they follow his eyeline into the dense
text: ad tangled wood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 536
speaker_heading: 41 (Cont.14) :
text: But DREW pulls back into himself and holds LEWIS's eye.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: How do you know the other guy
dialog: hasn't gone for the police?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: You think he's going to tell the
dialog: police what want on here?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Well, what if he's watching uz,
dialog: right now. You look around Lewis,
dialog: he could be anywhere.
dialog: 
text: This registers powerfuily on ED. He tries not to look round,
text: but can't heip himself. He cuts his eyea this way and that,
text: almost superhumanly apprehensive and aiert. Then his eyes
text: come back to LEWIS, and they see LEWIS standing, relaxed,
text: leaning on his bow, apparently not worried at ali, in com=
text: plete charge of the situation. On seeing him this way, ED
text: - looks deeply relieved. You would foilow LEWIS anywhere, and
text: now they realise that they are going to have to do just that.
speaker_heading: © DREW
dialog: (& We wouldn't be so hard to follow,
text: NA dragging a corpse.
speaker_heading: ' LEWIS 1
dialog: {as you might placate
dialog: a child)
dialog: You leave that to me, Drew. I‘il
dialog: make sure no one tracks us.
text: LEWIS looks off into the far distance, a look of tranquillity
text: on his face.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: In about a month or six weeks this
dialog: valley'il be flocded....hundreds of
dialog: feet under water... Did you ever
text: look out over a iake. Somevhing
dialog: buried under it....undéer it...ethat's
dialog: as buried as it can gete
text: DREW feels himself sinking into the lake of LEWIS's imagina-
text: tion. He shakes his head vigorously.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Cc I'm teliing you, I don’t want any
dialog: pars of it. :
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: She
speaker_heading: oO 4l (Cont.15) .
text: 7 LEWIS rises and facés DREW very deliberately. This is the '
text: showdown between them, and all four men know it.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (with all his enormous
dialog: male vitality and
dialog: physical power)
dialog: What do you mean, Drew? You are
text: part of it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (statunchly)
dialog: It's a matter of the law.
text: LEWIS stands there relaxed. He gestures with his hand to
text: indicate the wilderness they're in.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You see any law around here? We'rs
dialog: the law. So let's vote on it. Ifii
dialog: go along with the vote. And so will
dialog: you, Drew. You've got no choice.
text: LEWIS turns to BOBBY, his hideously weak and hate-ridden,
dialog: QO violated face.
speaker_heading: , BOBBY
text: (in a thick, strangled
dialog: voice)
dialog: ' I say get rid of the son of a bitch. '
dialog: Do you think I want this to get around?
dialog: 
text: LEWIS turns to ED as though piaying his trump card, which
dialog: indeed he is.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Ed?
text: DREW suddenly steps over the corpse and confronts ED, putting .
text: the flat of his hand in front of ED's face and shaking it
text: with violent emphasis. He has got to get ED to agree with
text: him and split the vote.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (with ali the urgency
dialog: he has)
dialog: Think what you're doing, Ed, for God's
dialog: sake. You're not implicated in this
dialog: unless you go along with what Lewis
dialog: wants to do. Ed, don't. I'm begging
dialog: Q you. Dontt.
speaker_heading: had (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 556
speaker_heading: hl (Cont.16)
dialog: 42.
dialog: 
text: There is silence. LEWIS waits, confidently, DREW is grim
text: and adamant, BOBBY is full of hatred, and ED is coming to
dialog: the all-important decision.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (leaning out so as to
dialog: speak to Lewis around
dialog: Drew)
dialog: I'm with you.
text: The spell of debate and decision-making is over.
text: LEWIS gets down by the corpse again, all business this time.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: All right then.
text: LEWIS drags the arrow-shaft out of the body slowly and
text: laboriously, broadhead first. He wipes off the worst of the
text: blood then, clips it into his bow-quiver, where it looks
text: just like the others, except that it is red.
text: ED takes his knife out of the sapling, puts it in the scab-
text: bard and buckles on the belt with the knife and the rope.
text: LEWIS, with silent signals, positions each of the MEN to
text: carry the CORPSE. They are very awkward about it, with ED
text: . and DREW carrying the shoulders and LEWIS and BOBBY the feet.
text: They begin to carry the BODY feet-foremost into the woods,
text: away from the river.
scene_heading: EXT. DENSE WOODS. DAY
text: They flounder in the bushes, almost falling from time to
text: time, BOBBY cursing, and so on.
text: LEWIS's face is calm and purposeful, and DREW keeps shaking
text: his head as though he simply cannot believe in this folly.
text: As the undergrowth thickens, branches whip back suddenly and
text: ‘strike them in their faces. Nobody says anything to anybody
text: else; the only things to be heard from the FOUR MEN are ex-
text: clamations and an occasional startled curse.
text: With a sudden movement LEWIS shifts his part of the corpse
text: to ED and doubles back the way they have come. He runs
text: crouching like an animal darting in and out of the trees.
text: He has drawn his knife. :
text: The THREE MEN struggle on. ED grunting with his increased
dialog: burden.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO.
dialog: ad
dialog: fy
dialog: “43.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 42 (Cont.) .
text: After a moment LEWIS appears at his side, taking his share
text: of the weight again.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: He's not following. But we'll make
dialog: sure there's no tracks. This way.
text: LEWIS leads them to the left where a creek is revealed. They
text: scramble into the muddy water and wade up it laboriously.
text: The forest here has a funereal, swampy look. The MEN toii
text: along with the BODY. They are now absolutely covered and
text: drenched with sweat, from the stifling, breathless quality
text: of this part of the woods. They climb out of the creek and
text: twist and turn among the trees, until there is a feeling of
text: utter lostness.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMPY FOREST DAY
text: Unexpectedly, LEWIS holds up a hand, and, following his
text: example, the others aid him in letting the corpse down onto
dialog: the ground.
text: LEWIS motions for ED, and ED steps up to him. In a kind of
text: silent ceremony....very ritualistic....LEWIS unclips the
text: death-arrow and ‘hands it to ED, who takes it, not knowing
text: exactly what LEWIS wants him to do with it. He examines it
text: as he would any cther arrow, then hands it back to LEWIS.
text: They are next to a blue-black seepage of water like a sump
text: of some kind. As though he were competing in an.archery
text: tournament, LEWIS puts the arrow on the string of his bow and
dialog: draws it. :
text: In the act of drawing it he appears to aim up into the trees
text: and ED's eyes follow the projection that the arrow might
text: take. But very dramatically....LEWIS slowly brings it down
text: until the arrow is pointing directly at the swampy ground.
text: He holds the arrow at full draw for a long endless momens,
text: mesmerising the others in the tension he creates. He is cen-
text: centrating utterly. He releases.
text: The death-arrow disappears into earth. It is perfect. He
text: is deep in what is almost a Zen-like concentration. There is
text: no trace of the arrow. It might have gone a mile deep or
dialog: even penetrated the very heart of the earth itself.
text: LEWIS breaks his own spell by bending down to pick up ths
text: corpse; the others follow his example. They struggle on with
dialog: it for a while.
text: LEWIS turns, pointing down directly underfoot. The MEN put
text: the body down.
dialog: 
dialog: dhe
dialog: 
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT, BURIAL PLACE DAY
text: LEWIS falls to his knees and starts digging with his bare
text: hands. The others come down to the ground with him and start
dialog: digging too. :
text: It is fairly easy work, and they do it gladly, even DREW, in
text: a kind of a frenzy to get rid of the body. They dig like
text: dogs, throwing dirt this way and that.
text: The self-absorbed efficiency of DREW, who is working harder
text: and getting more done than any of them, is very striking.
text: Their breathing is heavy and irregular in the ominous. silence.
text: Finally, LEWIS stops digging. It is a very makeshift grave
text: indeed, with ferns growing around it. The body lies there
text: beside the digging men, serene and indifferent, and the gun
dialog: beside it. :
text: They stand up and regard their work, LEWIS solemaly nods his
text: head. DREW crosses himself. Then they roll the corpse in a
text: very undignified way into the grave. LEWIS reaches back and
text: gets the gun. He puts it into the grave, looks at his
text: arrangement" for a moment, then reaches back into ths trench
text: “and makes some final adjustments. He draws back, apparentiy
text: satisfied.
dialog: :. . ,REWIS,
dialog: {conclusively}
speaker_heading: . OiKs
text: The FOUR MEN shovel and scramble the dirt back into the grave.
text: The body slowly being made to disappear under the four-part
text: volley of dirt and leaves, At last he is totally covered,
text: and LEWIS smooths the leaf-mold over him. They are all ludi-
text: crously kneeling before the grave.
text: DREW looks intently at ED, as though his gaze were willing
text: ED to do something before it gets to be too late.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (with conviction)
dialog: ‘Fern'sll be growing here in a few
dialog: days. Nobody'd ever come on him in
dialog: a million years. I doubt if even we
dialog: could find this piace again.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: There's still time, Lewis. You better
dialog: be sure you know what you're doing.
text: LEWIS gets to his feet, rubbing the dirt and leaf mold off
dialog: his hands:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 4h (Cont.)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (with all his old
dialog: conviction)
dialog: I'm sure. Believe me.
text: But ED cannot resist searching the trees anxiously.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RESTING PLACE DAY
text: The FOUR MEN scramble into the two canoes and shove off.
text: They hastily rearrange their gear as they move out into the
text: current. They are desperate to be away, Ail excent LEWIS
text: who is relaxed and seems almost reluctant to leave the place
text: where he killed THE MAN. He looks at it intently.
speaker_heading: . LEWIS
dialog: It never happened. Think of it as
text: a dream.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Lewis. Let's get the fuck out of
dialog: - here. : \
speaker_heading: "ED
dialog: What's the plan, Lewis?
speaker_heading: - _ LEWIS
dialog: (soothingly)
dialog: Plan? Why we just paddle on down
dialog: to Aintree, pick up those cars and
dialog: go home. What else?
text: The river is transformed for them, omincus and threatening,
text: every dark opening in the trees a possible menace, every
text: turn in the river a dangerous event. They jerk their
text: from side to side; wild, hunted animal looks, ED and
text: are together acain in the aluminium canoe while LEWIS
text: BOBBY are in the heavy wooden one. ED and DREW get a
text: ahead. ED brings his bow up close to him, ready.
text: While all this is going on they have baen moving into
text: gorge. The rosk-face rises and narrows in, ths sound
text: river changes, reverberating, intensifying.
dialog: heads
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: and
dialog: littie
dialog: a
dialog: of the
text: ED tries to speak to DREW but cannot get through to him. The
text: sound of the river as it comes back off the cliff-walis is
text: mow such that the human voice can hardly be heard at all,
text: even when it shouts its loudest.
dialog: ie
dialog: —~,
dialog: 46.
dialog: AT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 596
scene_heading: EXT. THE GORGE , _ DAY
text: ED glances to his left, and his gaze travels up the wall
text: awsomely, higher and higher, until he sees that the gorge is
text: at least a hundred and fifty feet high, or maybe even higher.
text: ED looks apprehensively at this, all the time in the tremen-
text: dous sound of the reverberating water.
text: The river is beginning to fall more abruptly. There are
text: more rapids and more rocks, ED and DREW are working hard to
text: Keep the canoe going straight. They are covered with spray
text: and foam, the canoe pitches and bucks.
text: They come into a comparatively calm stretch between rapids,
text: and go around a turn. A long stretch of -very rough water
text: lies ahead, going out of sight around another curve. It
text: looks awfully rough; too rough.
speaker_heading: : ED
text: (screaming at the top
dialog: of his lungs)
dialog: Let's go right down the middle. Give
dialog: me some speed, baby}
text: Something happens to DREW; it is impossible to tell what. Hé
text: shakes his head violently (but this might just be the canoe
text: bumping on a rock) and his paddle is whirled out of his hand
text: by the river.
text: He pitches over, or is thrown over or something. Whatever it
text: is, the canoe goes out of control. ED lets go of his paddle
text: and grabs for the bow at his feet as his last act before the
text: canoe overturns in the boiling, angry, murderous water.
scene_heading: EXT. HE GREAT RAPIDS : Day
text: ED is part of the river, turning over and over, banging oa
text: stones, sometimes out of the water and sometimes under it,
text: rushing along with unbelievable force.
text: Momentarily he surfaces facing back up river as LEWIS and
text: BOBBY founder helplessly on the first canoe.
text: LEWIS and BOBBY spill out on opposite sides, and the two
text: canoes roil over and over each other like iogs, until the
text: wooden canoe bursts open on a rock.
text: ED struggies desperately with the water, trying to get his
text: feet forward of him. After several attemps, he succeeds, His
text: body elongates in the river. He has the bow, and he begins
text: to slither over moss-covered rocks on his back. He hits the
text: back of his head on one big rock, but then seems to get the
text: hang of it. There is a curious look of pained pleasure on
text: his face as he slides along, still alive.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: 
dialog: Me
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 47 (Cont.)
dialog: 4a,
dialog: 
text: A deeper turmoil of water sucks him under, despite the life-
dialog: jacket. :
text: Then the last of the ravids are ahead, and ED goes over them,
text: over a last big rock and down into calm water.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL AT BASE OF GORGE ‘ DAY
text: ED floats, cradling the bow, in the slow water below the
text: falls: he is a tiny figure, idly turning in the aftermath
text: of the furious white water, down between the enormous wings
dialog: of the gorge~sides.
text: He lies back in his life-jacket as though on a bed. He is
text: groggily trying to assess his situation. He grimaces with
text: pain, and lifts his left hand out of the water. He has hold
text: of the arrows in the bow-quiver by the arrowheads themselves.
text: He lets go, and his palm is washed with blood.
text: ED clumsily tries to rearrange himself in the water: trying
text: to get into position to look upstream at the last of the
text: rapids he has just come down, trying to look for the others.
text: He keeps looking at the last rocks of the rapids, but can
text: see no sign of life.
text: A man flops over the rocks of the white water, completely
text: out of control, and he recognizes after a bit, that it is
speaker_heading: BOBBY.
text: BOBBY starts to splash his way to the side. Through no
text: fault of his own, unhurt. Soon LEWIS is spewed out of the
text: rapids, one hand holding his paddle and the other over his
text: face.
text: LEWIS writhes and twists in the water. ED moves towards
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LEWIS i
dialog: (against the river-
dialog: sound)
text: My leg's broke. It feels like it
dialog: broke off.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hold on to me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: a RC CP RI Ns
dialog: 
dialog: 61.
dialog: a 48 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: CD
text: LEWIS gets hold of ED's life-jacket or collar, and ED
text: struggles to get both of them to the bank. ED glances back
text: from time to time, looking for DREW.
text: ED and LEWIS reach the bank, where BOBBY leans out to help
dialog: them.
text: LEWIS crow-hops and gets himself onto a big rock, where he
text: collapses. ED goes to him and tries to make him comfortable.
text: LEWIS is still holding onto his face with a hand, his pain
text: obviously all but intolerable. ED bends down to him, for it
text: appears as though LEWIS is trying to say something.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (against the ever-
dialog: present river sound)
dialog: Drew was shot. I saw ite He's
dialog: dead, :
text: ED is stunned. Even in this condition, LEWIS has the power
text: to shake his equilibrium. The roar of the rapids is deaf-
text: ening. They have to shout to be heard above it.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Was that it? Something happened.
dialog: But T don't know. Shit, Lewis,
dialog: what a mess you got us in to.
dialog: 
text: He gets up from LEWIS's side and turns uneasily to BOBBY.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Let's try -and find Drew.
text: He wades back into the water with that special revulsion
dialog: that it takes to get back into cold water once you have left
text: it. BOBBY follows him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Shot?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: He says.
text: They. swim about somewhat aimlessly for a moment or two, then
text: something comes tumbling down the rapids. They both see it
text: 7 and it awakes hope in them.
speaker_heading: ¢ , . (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (&
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 48 (Cont.2)
dialog: 49.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Drew!
text: It is not DREW but his guitar. “The neck has snapped but it is
text: still connected to the box by the strings.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. POOL AT BASE OF GORGE NIGHT
text: They are still swimming, searching, A moon has risen.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Drew! Drew!
text: The SOUND echoes against the walls of the gorge.
text: The aluminium canoe, half-buried in water is slowly circling
text: in an eddy. They push it into shore and ED finds a broken
text: paddle too, They continue their conversation in an atmosphere
text: of strange unreality as they swim and then climb out of the
dialog: water,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I think he means to pick the rest of
dialog: us off tomorrow,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: .What...?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That's what I'd do. Wouldn't you?
text: They stand now, dripping wet, looking out at the water.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: If Lewis is right, and I think he is,
dialog: that toothless bastard drew down on us
dialog: while we were lining up to go through
dialog: the rapids, He killed the first man
text: in the first boat. Next would have
dialog: been me. Then you.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: In other words, it's lucky we spilled.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Right, Lucky. Very lucky.
text: They stand together without saying anything for a moment.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What are we going to do?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 49 (Cont.)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (points up)
dialog: What is he going to do?
text: ED turns and leans down towards LEWIS with sudden angry
text: vehemence.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, Lewis, what will he do, huh?
text: LEWIS makes no sign of having heard. He is locked in his pain.
text: But on his contorted face could be an almost sphinxlike smile,
text: ED turns back to BOBBY, recovering his control as quickly as
dialog: he lost it,
speaker_heading: . BOBBY
dialog: (looking upward
dialog: apprehensively)
dialog: You think he's up there? Do you
dialog: really? :
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm thinking we better believe he's
dialog: up there.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: But then what?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We're caught in this gorge. He can't
dialog: come down here, but the only way out
dialog: of this place for us is down the river,
dialog: We can't run out of here at night, and
dialog: when we move in the morning he'll be up
text: there waiting.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (awed and terribly
dialog: frightened)
dialog: Jesus Christ Almighty.
text: ED turns to LEWIS again whose face is now turned into the
text: earth, biting the dirt.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Lewis! You got us into this. What
dialog: do we do now? You're the guy with the
dialog: answers,
text: LEWIS arches his back in some private spasm in the inpenetrable
dialog: world of his pain,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: errr mere ra er
dialog: 6h.
speaker_heading: CO 49 (Cont.1) ep
dialog: You're ruined, useless...broken.
dialog: You fucking fraud.
text: The invective brings LEWIS back to the surface of his agony.
text: He turns his head up and focusses his mad eyes on ED.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It's with you, Ed baby. This is
dialog: where you get to play the game.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: He's delirious. What the fuck do
dialog: we do?
text: ED ponders for a moment,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (with a kind of
dialog: secret certainty)
dialog: If he knows where we are, then we
dialog: know sure as hell where he'll be.
dialog: Right up there!
text: He stretches his arm upwards, but does not follow it with his
text: CF y) eyes. Very much the sort of gesture LEWIS would have made.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: If he's up there and he wants to kill
dialog: us, he can kill us.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Except we've ‘got one big card.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We have?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: He thinks we can't get at him, And
dialog: if we can, we can kill him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: With a knife or a bow. Or with our
dialog: bare hands, if we have to,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Cc ) . We?
dialog: No. One of us.
speaker_heading: ED
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: mr) 49 (Cont.2)
speaker_heading: SA
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (making a gesture of
dialog: pure helplessness)
dialog: I can't even shoot a bow.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Then that makes it simple, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: (reaching out a hand
text: and catching Ed's arm,
dialog: compulsively)
dialog: Ed, level with me. Do you really think
dialog: you can get up there in the dark?
text: ED makes no answer, He is utterly absorbed in the problem
text: now, totally concentrated.
text: They stand together in silence, ED with his hands on his hips,
text: looks up the gorge-side, LEWIS writhes on the ground under
text: them, and a muffled groan escapes him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What are you going to do? I mean,
dialog: how will you find him?
dialog: Ce =
dialog: If I get up there, I'm going to do just
dialog: exactly what I would do if I was him.
dialog: There are some rapids right below here,
dialog: and he won't want to shoot at us when
text: we're jumping and bobbing up and down,
dialog: If-he's coming, he'll come right here
text: where it's calm and he can take his
text: time about drawing a bead and setting
dialog: up his shots, There's got to be one
dialog: spot up there he'd go for. I'm going
dialog: to find it and wait for him,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I won't do it. You're setting me up
dialog: as a decoy.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Listen, you son-of-a-bitch. You go up
dialog: there and kill him,
text: BOBBY is shaking, comsumed with fear.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: € Couldn't we just.....
dialog: on) .
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: eee just what?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 66,
speaker_heading: 49 (Cont.3)
speaker_heading: ) BOBBY
dialog: iC) (leoks down,
text: Se shakes his head)
dialog: It's just that I don't.want to die,
dialog: I really don't.
text: ED walks over and gets the bow, and strings it. He takes out
text: one of the two arrows, tests it for straightness, then does the
dialog: same with the other,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I've got one good arrow and another
text: one that's crooked as a pretzel.
dialog: But I won't get but one shot anyway.
text: BOBBY stands without saying anything, and ED crouches down
text: beside LEWIS, who is grinding the back of his head into the
text: sand, in pain.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (looking straight
dialog: into Ed's face)
dialog: Do you know what the fuck you're doing?
speaker_heading: ~ ED
dialog: No, Creature. I'm going to make it up
dialog: as I go along.
dialog: ~C
dialog: @°
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (with terrifying intensity)
dialog: Kill him,
speaker_heading: : ED
dialog: (nodding gravely)
dialog: I'll kill him if I can find him.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (lying back once more)
dialog: Well, here we are, at the heart of the
dialog: Lewis Medlock country,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Pure survival.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: This is what it comes to. I told you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (getting ready
dialog: to set out)
dialog: Yes. You told me,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “Oo
speaker_heading: N
dialog: 50.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: EXT, CLIFF FACE : NIGHT
text: ED coils the nylon rope and puts his left arm between the
text: bowstring and. the bow, with the arrowheads turned down. He
text: looks up the cliff one last time, then runs hard at it,
text: scrambles, pulls up, and works himself up onto a little ledge
text: about twelve or fifteen feet above the river, He turns around
text: and stands there, looking out over the water.
text: The moon has risen over the river, The last of the rapids
text: they have come down are on the right; on the left are the
text: rapids further downstream; ED watches the river for a moment,
text: mesmerised by its mystery.
text: He turns back to the cliff, tries some hand and foot positions,
text: and begins to inch up. ED'S hands grope, finding holds, his
text: feet doing the same, He begins to sweat and his breathing gets
text: harsher, The cliff is getting steeper as it gets higher. He
text: is beginning to labor and strain for every inch, and his
text: breathing begins to sound more and more desperate.
text: He climbs up a kind of funnel where water trickles down from a
text: spring. He climbs by bracing himself in this ‘chimney’. The
text: water runs over him. He pauses for a moment and smiles at a
text: lone flower growing out of the rock,
text: Now he reaches an absolute impasse: he can't go up any farther
text: and he can't go down, He can't go to the right or to the left.
text: He is trapped, terrified and helpless. There is absolutely
text: nothing he can do. He looks down, over his shoulder, There is
text: the bright moon-pit, and it must be a hundred and fifty feet
text: below him. He turns back to the cliff, leaning his face
text: against it, sobbing, all control just about gone.
text: Suddenly he makes a lunge at the cliff....up the cliff....his
text: hand catches on something. He gets hold of something with the
text: other hand, and there is a wild hope in his face: the last
dialog: hope of all.
text: Ed pulls up, and gets himself into a kind of narrow crevics or
text: niche in the cliff. In doing this he almost loses the bow,
text: but manages just barely to save it. He strétches out on the
text: floor of the niche, breathing heavily, and trembling. It is
text: as though he were lying in a coffin, except that he is Sweating
dialog: so heavily,
text: After’a while he props-up on one elbow and looks over the side
text: of the crevice, down at the river. He lies there stroking the
text: curves of the bow, looking down at the wild, Godlike and mind-
text: less beauty of the river on fire with moonlight.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (mumbling profoundly)
dialog: ‘What a view. What a view,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 50 (Cont.) -
dialog: 51.
dialog: 68.
text: He lies watching the river intently.
text: ED has leaned out to see the view better and almost falls, The
text: bow slithers over the side and he just manages to save it. He
text: jerks back, Slowly he feels the crevice above his head, and
text: around the top of it, to see what's there. Painfully he begins
dialog: to get himself together once more: to climb,
text: He gets a hold....a fairly good hold....on something and drags
text: himself upward out of the crevice. He climbs in a kind of
text: trance, his fingers like independent beings crawl over the
text: surface hauling the body after them.
text: He is so high over the river that the scene is both awesome
text: and ridiculous. He is still inching up, and up, and up.
text: The cliff is not as steep as it was: things are going better.
text: ED begins to crawl on his knees, He slithers and wriggles
text: upward, and the sound of his breath is like that of a man who
text: sees that he might after all be able to do what he's trying to
dialog: do: might be able to do it, and probably will. There is 6
text: kind of rage of incredible belief and joy in ED's breathing:
dialog: it is almost bestial, :
text: He looks up, and the enormously intense moon is right in his
text: face, coming down through a crack in the rock, He makes for
text: the crack, gets into it, rises from his knees, stumbles forward
text: among rocks and bushes, sobbing with relief,
text: He looks down at his feet, amazed to discover he can walk.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF TOP NIGHT
text: He stands on the top of the cliff looking down at the enormous
text: mindless blazing of the moonlit river. He has made it, and his
text: attitude as he stands there is not completely mortal or even ;
text: human, It is more godlike, or demonic. But it is not quite a
text: the face he's had before at all, .
text: ED examines the cliff top very carefully. He comes to a dig
text: boulder with an open space that gives a perfect view of the
text: river below.
text: ED nods: he figures that this might indeed be the plece. He
text: moves around experimenting with positions. The ground is soft
text: and he leaves heavy tracks.
text: ED gets down at the very edge of the cliff in the prone
text: position for firing a rifle. He sights an imaginary rifle
text: down on the river. He looks around. The woods are very thick
text: just back off the little open space he's in. He goes back inte
text: them, and ED selects a tree and climbs it with much labored
text: movement and a few slips.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 
dialog: 53.
dialog: She
dialog: 
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT, TREEHIDE . _ NIGHT
text: He opens the pine branches slowly with one hand, and looks out
text: on little open space, which is below him and about fifteen
text: yards away. .
text: He breaks one or two branches to make the view permanent. He
text: adjusts his' feet and body then puts an arrow on the bow, gets
text: himself set, and comes back to full draw. He does this two or
text: three times until he's satisfied. He then hangs the bow on
text: the limb and tries to get comfortable in the tree to wait for
text: the first light. He stares fixedly, without expression into
text: the ‘tunnel’ he will shoot down.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF TOP NIGHT TO DAY
text: The trees, river and cliff top, strong dark shapes in the
text: brilliant moonlight, now melt slowly into a flat grey dawn,
scene_heading: EXT, TREEHIDE DAY
text: He is dozing, in the tree, his head back against the bole.
text: The bow hangs beside his head, and a little light glints on
text: the two arrowheads.
text: Suddenly ED starts, almost falls, catches himself and looks
text: around with exhausted eyes, But he is awake enough to know
text: that the sun is just beginning to appear. He shakes his head
text: like a boxer trying to shake off a punch,
text: ED peers this way and that, trying to see a little more. He
text: blinks his eyes like a man who has not had anywhere nearly
text: enough sleep, He looks down into the sandy shelf, There is a
text: pair of feet - boots.,..standing on the shelf, barely inside
dialog: ED's range of vision.
text: ED's face is pure terror. He keeps looking, and the feet on
text: the ground move until most of the whole man passes through
text: ED's line of sight and then out of it to the other, upriver,
text: Bide. But he has seen enough to know that the MAN is carrying
dialog: a rifle,
text: ED cranes to see the MAN, but can't make him out again, Then
text: the feet appear on the other side of the tunnel of branches,
text: stop for a moment, then come right to the center of it and
text: stop. What ED can see of the MAN indicates that he is looking
text: at the ground, examining it, maybe. ED's tracks, of course,
text: are what he's looking at. Hardly daring to move, ED stretches
text: out for his bow, hanging on a branch. It creaks as he takes
text: hold of it. ED winces at the sounds he is making, His hands
text: tremble uncontrollably as he takes an arrow and strings it.
text: Inch by inch he levels the bow, then slowly pulls back the
dialog: string.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: Sk (Cont. )
text: The verticsl rectangle of the peep sight on.the string wavers
text: back... just as it did when ED hunted the deer. He holds at
text: full draw, fighting to control the trembling that racks his
text: whole body.
dialog: 
text: He adjusts the peep sight up and down, right and left, until
text: little by little, in the wavering peep sight, the MAN is framed.
text: Then with a shock, ED notices what THE MAN is doing: he is
text: getting the gun ready, and his eyes are following ED's tracks
text: straight to the tree. They reach the tree, and slowly begin
text: to rise from the ground. In a moment he is going to be looking
text: up through the tunnel into ED's face,
text: With a kind of strangled cry ED releases, The peep~sight snaps
text: away. Then all hell breaks loose.
text: Thé whole tree shakes violently, as though a giant ax nad
text: struck it and at the same time there is a tremendous explosion,
text: as the gun goes off in what had been utter silent concentration.
text: Then ED is falling through the tree, branches slapping at him,
text: turning, whirling about him. He cries out then crashes to the
text: ground with tremendous impact.
text: He is on the ground without his bow, not knowing quite what has
text: happened, shaken, terrified. He tries to move, Ee cri out
text: in pain, startingly, and as though he is discovering that he
text: has broken a leg, a rib, or something else. He raises his
text: head, cautiously.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He sees THE MAN with the gun staggering towards him, THE MAN
text: fires the gun at the tree, up into the branches, Then he
text: stops, swaying a little and looks right into ED's face, He
text: raises the gun to shoot again but fires into the ound just
text: in front of his feet, At the same moment, ED dus: down,
text: terrified, He crawls a few feet and after a moment carefuliy
text: raises his heed again,
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: THE MAN is on his knees. He is turned sideways revealing for
text: the first time the arrow, almost its whole length, coming out
text: the back of his throat. It waggles horribly behind him, He
text: is retching and the violence of his retching shakes the arrow
text: loose, and it falls from him,
text: ED watches with horrified fascination,
speaker_heading: : - ED
dialog: Die} My Godi Die, die!
text: ED puts his head back down and is still, apparently unconscious,
text: Then he slowly raises himself to do something, but this time it
text: Q is not to look at the dying man, but at himself.
text: \ He looks down at his side and it has an arrow sticking through
text: 2 it. Still attached to the arrow by the lower part of the bow-
text: quiver, is the broken bow, (CONTINUED }
dialog: 
dialog: CO)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 5h (Cont.1)
text: ED puts his head down once more, trying to organize
text: himself, to find what to do. Finally, he pulls himself
text: to a sitting position and cautiously, with great,
text: obvious pain, tries to pull the arrow out of his side.
text: He can't, and he sees he can't. With great effort he
text: pulls the big knife out of the scabbard...and cuts
text: away the material from the flying suit he's wearing
text: from around the arrow. He tries in a gingerly way to
text: cut the arrow out. Then he seizes the knife in both
text: hands and drives it down. He explodes in a scream....
text: something like BOBBY's in the rape scene....and the
text: knife falls ringing on stone.
text: Once more he reaches down to his side, and this time,
text: in some way, he comes away with the:arrow. He sits
text: for a moment with the bloody shaft in his hands, like
text: a religious object, just looking at it, and it is
dialog: bloody indeed.
text: Now he looks over the rock again onto the sandy shelf,
text: THE MAN has gone.
text: ED gets to his feet, painfully, protecting his hurt
text: side, He picks up the bloody knife, and, with a great
text: deal of awkwardness and effort, cuts a sleeve off his
text: outfit and a long strip from one leg, and puts the
text: sleeve over the wound as a bandage and binds it with
text: the strip of nylon from the leg. He is a weird-looking
text: figure when this has been done. He hugs his side with
text: a crooked arm and leans into the wound as hs walks.
text: He moves out onto the sandy shelf. He goes to the
text: place where THE MAN was, and stands looking down,
text: swaying and thinking.
text: ED gets down on one knee, wincing with pain, and runs
text: his handover the rocks and sand, He picks up a
text: handful of sand with blood in it and rifles through it
text: like a placer-miner examining gold-dust,.
text: Still on his knees he follows the blood trail of the
text: hurt MAN, He looks for it and finds it: on stones,
text: on pine needles, on blades of grass,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: Su. (Cont.2)
dialog: 55.
dialog: 
text: ED follows the blood, rock by rock: following the blood
text: spoor like a dog would.
text: He moves on, stone by stone, leaf by leaf, irregularly
text: stopping sometimes to search, then finding the blood again
text: and going on.
text: His head low down, he is startled to suddenly come upon the
dialog: rifle.
text: It is long and flat and old. Oddly, it is a repeating rifle
text: rather than a shuck-action. ED touches it.
text: He goes on, past the gun, and into a canopy of leaves,
text: Here, it is harder to find the blood. He looks at bushes,
text: at the leaves on bushes individually, at pinestraw, at small
text: pebbles, Back and forth, Finally he finds one drop, and
text: this. one drop draws him further on, deeper in.
text: EXT, CLEARING IN WOODS DAY
text: ED gets to his feet with a weird coreckscrew movement. He is
text: in a clearing.
text: He stands there swaying, not knowing what to do, looking
dialog: about.
text: ED starts around the perimeter of the clearing. He is still
text: staggering, but learning to hold himself together a little
text: better, learning to cope with what he has to cope with.
text: The sun is slanting and shuddering on the ground arcund him,
text: and the wind is sighing in.the branches overhead, He goes
text: along through this modified cathedral atmosphere, looking
text: for more blood, holding his side together, holding his own
dialog: blood in,
text: He stops, peering.
text: There is a dead tree about twenty yards away, and something
text: lying at the foot of it. ED moves to this, and then looks
text: down onto the BODY OF A MAN. It has hold of one root of the
dialog: tree,
text: ED turns him over with a foot. He has a hand on his knife.
text: He pulls the knife slowly and purposefully out of the case,
text: and bends down. He looks at the CORPSE's face.
text: A scream comes from him: a terrible scream of frustration and
dialog: horror.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh no} Oh NO!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: co
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 55 (Cont.)
dialog: 56.
text: The MAN's mouth if full of yellow teeth,
text: Shaken and fascinated, ED ‘gets down on one knee with the
text: knife in his hand, Shuddering, he holds the MAN's head and
text: pries at his upper gum with the knife, and an upper plate
text: begins to slide from it. As soon as this is established, ED
text: turns the knife and drives the false teeth back into the
dialog: mouth,
text: ED takes the knife into his hand again. A low growl comes
text: from him. This is a moment balanced between infinite
dialog: possibilities: ED could do anything at this point, He has
text: the face of a primitive man. His features are transformed
text: by extreme effort and lack of sleep. He looks savage.
text: ED's breath again, harsh and loud, Into the breath comes
text: some kind of crazy melody, maybe something of the Beatles:
text: something identifiable, There is also some suggestion of
text: an advertising jingle: one of these inescapable tunes from
dialog: our daily life,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: King Size Coke has more for you...
dialog: King Size Coke has more for you...
text: ED's eyes are truly maniacal as he continues te sing and hum
text: crazily.
text: Shaken by his own incipient violence, ED fumbles the knife
text: back into the case, He takes hold of THE MAN and tries to
text: get him up on his shoulders in the old fireman's carry from
text: Boy Scout days, Finally he gets up with THE MAN: ard svarts
text: back. through the cathedral woods, with the wind blowing
text: lightly through the trees and the sunspots dancing on the
text: ground, The weather is pleasant and bright: eariy morning
dialog: spring.
text: ED staggers through the bushes with THE MAN on his back, He
text: is barely making it, but he is making it. They tear through
text: small boughs of rhododendrons, Finally they break through
text: the last screen of the woods and move slowly back into the
text: clearing, Ed puts the MAN down at almost the exact spot
text: where he shot him, collapsing with him, They both lie per-
text: fectly still side by side, indistinguishable, one creaturs,
scene_heading: EXT, CLIFF TOP DAY
text: ED takes the rifle by the barrel, swinging it twice around
text: his head like a hammer-thrower, and slings it cut over the
text: river. It falls away, spinning. It hits the water.
text: Now ED throws the death-arrow and the other one into the
text: river like spears, He picks ‘up the broken bow, and he turns
text: it over in his hands, There is the greatest affection in his
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: The
dialog: 56 (Cont. ) . .
dialog: face: This is the thing that saved all their lives, but
dialog: mainly his own life.
dialog: &
text: Then the spell breaks, and ED-steps deliberately to the
text: cliff top and pitches the bow over the side. It falls away.
text: ED steps back beside the dead MAN and takes stock. He
text: begins to uncoil the rope, and it is evident that he has
dialog: quite a lot of it.
text: ED ties the rope under the arms of the dead MAN and walks
text: over and ties the other end to a tree growing at almost the
text: very edge of the cliff.
text: He goes back to THE BODY and hauls it to the edge of the
text: eliff, takes up the slack in the rope with his hands, and
text: kicks and shoves the body over the cliff with his feet.
text: ED races back and strains to let THE BODY down, arm dover
dialog: arm, :
text: It goes hard, ED sweats and strains, tries to take a turn
text: of rope around his body, finds he can't do it, lets the
text: BODY down foot by foot, He backs up and braces himself
text: against the tree, working harder than he's ever worked in
dialog: his life,
text: The coil of rope wears siowly... very slowly away at ED's
text: feet.
dialog: 
text: Finally, at long last, all the rope is gone, and ED steps
text: away from the tree, trying to get his hands unclenched, He
text: wrings his hands up and down like someone who's touched a
text: hot stove, trying to get the circulation back into them.
text: He goes to the edge and looks down, then gets down on his
text: knees at the cliffside and takes hold of the rope with both
dialog: hands,
dialog: |
text: He gets his feet over the edge and starts down on the rope,
text: letting himself down hand over hand, straining and hurting,
text: but going down well enough. He scrambles against the cliff-
text: face with his feet, finding footholds,
text: BOBBY, hearing something, wades out into the river to look
text: up at ED and THE CORPSE swinging on the rope. It is
text: evident that ED is almost completely exhausted. He goes down
text: toward where the CORPSE dangles below. He is almost there.
text: ED stops to rest on a little ledge. THE CORPSE is about ten
text: C or fifteen feet under him, swinging moodily in the breeze
text: from the river, spinning idly, knocking against the cliff
dialog: face, :
dialog: \
speaker_heading: vs (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 75.6
speaker_heading: 56 (Cont.1)
text: Oo. ED sits, holding the rope. He is still about fifty feet up
text: ( from the river, and he is evidently figuringwhat to dc. From
text: st where he sits he can see even LEWIS lying in the bottom of
text: the canoe, LEWIS's position is terribly twisted looking and
text: unnatural, He has his hand over his face, BOBBY stands
dialog: watching.
text: On the ledge, ED looks at his free hand, flexing the fingers.
text: He slides off the ledge and starts down again.
text: ED is almost on top of THE CORPSE. He hangs there for a
text: moment, looking down, trying to figure what to do.
text: Suddenly it is as though the film had broken, but what has
text: really happened is that the rope has broken. There is an
text: instant of pure blackness, then the sky and the river and the
text: gorge turn haphazardly and idly about each other, There is
text: a muffled yell, The yell is suddenly cut off, and ED is in
dialog: another world,
text: It is green and quiet, underwater, ED finds himself inter-
text: twined with the CORPSE whose limbs move under the water with
text: uncanny animation. It is as though the man were trying to
text: embrace ED or drown him, He fights free, Cocked to one side
text: of the pervading green is a suffused yellow area, and
text: QO gradually ED approaches this. As he gets closer to it, he
text: ; sees that it is something like a submerged sun, wavering and
text: Ceo expanding. In fact, it is the sun, and it explodes in his
text: face as ED's head comes clear of the water,
scene_heading: 57. EXT, BELOW THE RAPIDS DAY
text: ED struggles feebly in the water, trying to discover if he's
text: been hurt even more, trying to move his arms and legs and
text: discovering that he can do it. He begins, with infinite
text: weariness and effort, to swim to the canoe.
text: ED reaches the battered side of the canoe, standing up in
text: the shallow water among the rocks, and looking over the
text: gunwale into the bottom of the canoe.
text: BOBBY has reached out to help him in.
text: LEWIS is lying there, either dead or barely alive. The flcor
text: of the canoe is awash-with filthy water, much of it contain-
text: ing stuff that LEWIS has vomited up. This is floating and
text: softly sloshing around LEWIS's form. .
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Q I don't believe it. This is not
dialog: happening to us.
dialog: 1 ‘\
text: Cs BOBBY looks searchingly at ED, but ED just shakes his head,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 57 (Cont.)
dialog: 58,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: And you killed him? You killed him?
text: Again ED says nothing but goes over to look at LEWIS, There
text: is'no sign of life. He bends down to listen for his
dialog: breathing,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Lewis has been having @ bad time.
dialog: Once I thought he'd died, He's
dialog: awful bad hurt,
text: He gets up and they walk over to where the DEAD MAN lies on
text: the rocks, face down, with the rope piled on and off him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (looking up with
dialog: incredulity)
dialog: Is this.....?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (not absolutely sure,
dialog: but fairly sure)
dialog: Yes, I think so. It's got to be.
text: He had a gun.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: But it might have been Just -& guy
dialog: outece.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: He was in the right place at the
dialog: right time, No; it's got to be him.
text: BOBBY suddenly catches a glimpse of ED's injury.
speaker_heading: BOBBY ,
dialog: (with genuine concern)
dialog: But he shot you, didn't he? :
text: ED shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (resignedly)
text: I fell out of the tree onto my other
dialog: arrow, .
scene_heading: EXT, THE RIVER ~ DAY
text: They are in the canoe, all four. ED is in the stern seat,
text: BOBBY in the bows. ED has the whole paddle, BOBBY the
text: broken one, LEWIS and the DEAD MAN lie side by side, and it
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
speaker_heading: (Cc)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: TT.
speaker_heading: 58 (Cont. )
dialog: 59.
text: is hard to tell which is dead, and which is net, for they
text: both might be. THE CORPSE has a number of rocks tied to him
text: with cut up lengths of ED's rope.
text: They are moving from the bank out to the middle of the large
text: pool under the rapids.
text: They ship their paddles and heave out the rocks. The
text: procedure is grotesque and terrifying, and also ina
text: greusome way funny, for THE CORPSE does not seem to want to
text: leave the canoe, It hangs spreadeagled on the gunwale, In
text: a wild, desperate and abandoned movement, ED picks up the
text: last and biggest rock, the one tied around the BODY's neck,
text: and with great effort, heaves it out. THE CORPSE is whisked
text: with breathtaking quickmess away and into the river. The
text: canoe rocks widly.
text: ED and BOBBY now begin to paddle, very slowly, ina
text: grotesque parody of canoeing.
text: The canoe moves away, down river, Neither look back,
text: The canoes turns out of the gorge and into the eye of the
text: sun and it seems to float upon pure liquid gold, pure light;
text: and in the middle of this, the TWO exhausted MEN.
text: The sun burns higher. Dreamlike, the trees drift past them.
text: LEWIS lies with an arm over his face. The canoe glides on
text: through the black water.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S ROCK DAY
text: They come around another turn, and there is a momentary but
text: definite impression of a man, a body, faving the canoe from
text: some of the river-rocks downstream.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (turning, in unbelief
dialog: and horror)
dialog: Ed}
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Is it Drew?
speaker_heading: "BOBBY
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Yes. Yes.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Let's go to him,
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 59 (Cont. )
text: DREW is sitting in a grotesque position in the rocks, as
text: though in a kind of natural chair, the water flowing over
text: him, propping his head back, a thin continuous spray of it
text: going into his open mouth. He has his eyes wide open,
text: gazing upstream as if forever,
text: The canoe rides just past THE BODY and stops.
text: With infinite weariness, ED gets out of the canoe onto the
text: rocks and the shallows around them, He walks the length of
text: the canoe, and comes to BOBBY, who is stting, holding his
text: half-paddle, asleep.
text: He jabs at BOBBY who wakes up and gets slowly out of the
dialog: canoe,
text: DREW sits there, uncaring, a stupid, water-caused, streaming
text: grin on his face, He even looks happy, in a kind of weird,
dialog: eternal way.
text: ED tries to pull the BODY out of the rocks, and at first
text: can't do it, Then he gets THE BODY by the straps of its
text: life-jacket and hauls it forward, The effort makes ED trip,
text: he flounders and falls into the river, and THE CORPSE, freed,
text: begins to float serenely away.
text: ED flounders after THE CORPSE, gets it over to one of the
dialog: rocks and beaches it,
text: He turns THE CORPSE over, looking at it intently.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (beckoning to Bobby
text: without looking in his
dialog: direction)
dialog: Bobby, come here, There's something
dialog: we've got to decide about.
text: BOBBY reaches ED, and ED points down at something concerning
text: THE CORPSE.
text: They hang on the rock, panting and gasping.
speaker_heading: ED .
dialog: Is this a gunshot wound?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Ed, you know I wouldn't know. But
dialog: it sure doesn't look like it to me.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (evidently touching some-
dialog: thing on the corpse)
dialog: What about this place, though?
text: Something hit him in the head. But
dialog: whether this place ‘killed him or not
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: 59 (Cont.1)
speaker_heading: Oo : BOBBY
dialog: _ Or whether it was made by a rock
dialog: after he went in.
dialog: 
dialog: - =D
dialog: I'd like to know, I think we ought
dialog: to know, .
speaker_heading: BOBBY .
dialog: How can we know?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Lewis would know, Let's give him
text: a look.
text: They drag DREW's body to the gunwale of the canoe. They
text: put DREW's head up over the gunwale so that LEWIS can have
text: a close look at the back and side of it.
text: ED sinks down until his head is exactly on the same level
dialog: as DREW's,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Lewis,
text: LEWIS is either dead or sleeping or passed out,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (softly but urgently)
dialog: Lewis, give us just a second, It's
dialog: important. It's very important.
dialog: 
text: LEWIS raises his head and opens his eyes.
text: ED holds DREW's head in a gentle grasp, turning it slightly
text: and with the other hand pointing to the place he wants
dialog: LEWIS to look at,
speaker_heading: ED.
dialog: Lewis, was he shot? Did a bullet
dialog: make this?
dialog: 
text: A flicker of the .old enthusiasm crosses LEWIS's eyes and
text: face, He looks maniacal and wise. He knows something the
dialog: others don't. Or does he?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (more urgently)
dialog: Well, was he shot? Was he, Lewis?
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 59 (Cont.2)
text: Slowly LEWIS brings his eyes from DREW's head to ED's
text: eyes, and stares into them. They stare at each other.
dialog: 
text: Slowly and almost imperceptibly LEWIS nods his head.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (softly, but with utter
dialog: conviction)
dialog: Grazed.
text: LEWIS sinks back into the bottom of the canoe,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: . ED
dialog: Maybe, is it. It'll have to be
dialog: (then, with resolution)
dialog: But we can't have anybody examining
dialog: him. Maybe we can't tell but
dialog: there are guys who can, and if
dialog: we have to explain a man with a
dialog: gunshot wound the whole thing'1l
dialog: come out.
dialog: Oo
speaker_heading: = BOBBY
dialog: (despairingly)
dialog: Are we going to get out of this?
dialog: I don t see how we can. I really
dialog: 
dialog: don't.
dialog: (mus ing )
dialog: We're almost out of it now.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What are we going to do with
dialog: Drew?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We're going to sink him in this
dialog: river. Forever.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: 0 God. 0 God Almighty.
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: &
dialog: 
dialog: 59 (Cont.3) , ,
dialog: 81,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Listen, we can't explain somebody
text: killed with a rifle.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: If he was.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That's right: if he was.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: {looking down into
dialog: the river)
text: There's no end to it.
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No end.
text: ED bends and fumbles in his leg pocket for the extra
text: bowstring he's brought along, and brings it out. It
text: contains a built-in peep sight such as the one on the
dialog: string he used to kill the man with, except this sight
text: is blue rather than orange.
text: ED ties the string around a big rock and the other end
text: around DREW's belt. 4e puts the rock in the canoe, and
text: BOBBY gets back in, ED begins to float DREW's body
text: downriver in its kapok life jacket, going along beside
text: the body in his own life jacket, swimming slowly.
text: DREW floats face-up, his hands spread wide in the water.
text: ED is very close to him, and he looks at one of DREW's
dialog: hands.
text: It has a college class ring on it, and guitar calluses
text: on the tips of the fingers, now puckered with the water.
dialog: ED feels these with is own hand,
text: ED seems to cry or choke on the river water.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You were the best of us, Drew,
text: ED undoes DREW's life jacket, and throws it into the canoe,
text: He nods to BOBBY. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 59 (Cont.h)
dialog: >
dialog: 60.
dialog: 61.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 82.
text: BOBBY, on his. knees beside LEWIS, heaves out the rock.
text: THE BODY is snatched under,
text: EXT, THE RIVER HILLY COUNTRY DAY
text: They are out of the gorge, back to the gentle wooded slopes.
text: ED is paddling at long intervals, just keeping the canoe on
text: course. BOBBY is slumped in his ‘seat, completely out of
text: it. LEWIS is utterly still.
text: They come around another turn, and the river begins to speed
text: up, but is not perticularly dangerous-looking. And yet the
text: sound goes up and un, becoming something close to a roar,
text: It drews them out of their torvor. They sit up listening.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (Afraid to believe
dialog: what he's hearing)
dialog: Bobby, I think I hear rapids. I know
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: EXT, FINAL RAPIDS DAY
text: The canoe begins to move faster, then faster end faster.
text: What is out of sight aronnd the next turn is making the sound.
text: They start to paddle finding energy in the new danger.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: God. God, do something for us.
text: They go into the turn, and the weter is getting vicious.
text: ED and BOBBY work with the stream, doing whet they can.
text: The sound is now tremendous, Spray is flying around the
dialog: canoe.
text: Coming off the turn, there sre rapids as far as the eye can
text: see, seething, raging, tumultous with the very power of the
dialog: universe itself.
text: BOBBY simply flings his half-paddle eway and gets ready to
text: die, his hands over his face,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: Get down! Get down!
text: BOBBY drops back off his seat, holding onto the gunwales
text: with both hands, riding right into the teeth of the white
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: q)
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 61 (Cont.)
dialog: 62.
text: The canoe careers through a mist of sprey which foams up
text: esround it seeming to carry it into enother element altogether,
text: Down, down they go ss though they will slip off the side of
dialog: the world.
text: ED fights to keep the craft straight, the paddle almost torn
text: from his hand by the unbridled violence of the water.
text: LEWIS screams soundlessly as the canoe bucks and scrapes
text: over rocks.
text: ED has a look of profound exultation on his face, of wonder-
dialog: ful, dreadful enjoyment.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (shouts) :
dialog: Hold on, boys! We're going home!
text: It becomes evident that this whole set of rapids culminates
dialog: ina fall-off of about six feet. In other words, if they
dialog: can get through this, they're out of danger, at least from
text: this particuler set of rapids.
text: They ride up to the fall-off, looking at it with horrified
text: fascination. They go up, and the canoe is flying ~ it has
text: leapt out of the river.
text: It comes down with terrific impact. It almost capsizes,
text: but doesn't. And there it is.
scene_heading: EXT, FLAT COUNTRY DAY
text: The canoe idles into the calm water past the falls. It is
text: sloshing with water, and LEWIS is practically submerged.
text: BOBBY, still fallen back from his sest, tries to turn and
text: say something, but he doesn't. ED pants end heaves for his
text: bresth. He looks down st his side and clenches it with his
dialog: arm.
text: Finally, ED, getting things together in his head, speaks.
speaker_heading: : ED
dialog: Right here is where it all happened.
text: BOBBY turns around - as much as he can = and stares as
text: though a ssvage or a madman had spoken. He has no notion
dialog: of what ED means.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 62 (Cont.)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ‘ED
dialog: Look. Somebody is going to ask us
dialog: things. We'd better get our story
dialog: straight. When you get asked, tell
dialog: ‘em that right here is where Drew
text: fell out and Lewis broke his leg.
dialog: This is where we lostthe other canoe.
dialog: O.K.?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: O.K.
text: Ed bends forward towards LEWIS.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Lewis. Lewis. Do you hear ne,
dialog: buddy?
text: LEWIS makes no movement, but lies as still as ever. His
text: face is badly sunburned, his lips cracked. It is something
text: of a shock when he speaks.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (calmly and clearly)
dialog: I hear you. You've got it figured.
dialog: We can get out of this. You're
dialog: doing it exactly right; better than
dialog: I could do.
dialog: 
text: ED is distrubed by LEWIS's stillness. Jt is as though he
text: has passed across some threshold to the calm edge of death.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Can you hold out a little longer?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: ED
text: There can't be too far to go now.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Ed§ Look here!
text: ED looks up from LEWIS at the river bank where BOBBY is
text: pointing. It is a cow: a plain bleck and white Friesian
text: cow. Peacefully it crops the grass at the river's edge.
text: BOBBY is grinning; ED's mouth falls open. It is salvation,
dialog: @ deliverance indeed.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: ut D It's a farm! We're here! We made
dialog: itd
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 85.
dialog: e, 62 (Cont.1)
text: Au BOBBY turns and smiles as he hasn't done before, and holds
dialog: QO 63.
dialog: 
dialog: 64.
dialog: 
text: up the Churchill V-for-Victory sign. He is very likeable.
text: He, too, is a new man.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We did it.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You mean you did it.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (proudly, but
dialog: with conviction)
dialog: No.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We did it.
dialog: There is that special bond between them that comes from
dialog: having been through hell together.
text: The land is domesticated, pastoral, pleasant.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE AT AINTRY DAY
text: ED and BOBBY are beaching the canoe on a bank of shingle
text: close to a concrete bridge that carries a road over the
text: river, BOBBY sinks down next to the canoe, resting a hand
dialog: on it, 'mindine it.!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm going to get help, Lewis. You'll
dialog: be out of there in no time.
text: ED turns and painfully limps up the slope to the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD AND BRIDGE DAY
text: Reaching the road, ED looks up and down it. The road is
text: straight end empty and shimmering with heat. Througn the
text: haze, some two hundred yards away, is a gas station. He
text: starts towards it. He is totally exhausted. He fixes his
text: eyes on the gas station, concentrating absolutely on the
text: problem of dragging his body to it.
text: An open truck goes past piled high with the furniture and
text: belongings of a poor family. TWO CHILDREN sit on a sofa at
text: the back and watch this curious, ragged man, holding his’
text: side, walking so slowly.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 65.
dialog: 66.
dialog: 
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT, THE GAS STATION "Day
text: A shiftless-looking COUNTRY BOY sits in a kitchen chair
text: outside the station, vropped against the wall. He watches
text: ED coming with widening eyes, trying to calculate whether
dialog: this man is drunk or sick or mad or what.
text: Sitting there at the side of the garage sre the two cars,
text: DREW's and LEWIS's.
text: ED looks at them in astonishment. He shakes his head and
text: blinks, es though trying to shake off an hallucination.
text: He stumbles up to them and slaps LEWIS's car, proving its
text: reality. Then he leans against it and laughs softly.
text: THE BOY gets up and calls over to him.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: You came for the cars, mister?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Now... Yes «oo Not exacly.
text: THE BOY stands there hopelessly confused.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Is there a phone here?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: A phone?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: A telephone,
scene_heading: INT, THE GAS STATION
text: ED sits in a chair next to the phone among the pocket combs
text: for sale and cheap dark glasses, His head is slumped back
text: asleep, past caring. THE BOY watches ‘him silently, not
text: moving.
text: A hand touches him.pently on the shoulder. ED starts and
text: cries out. Tt is a BLACK AMBULANCE DRIVER in a white ccat
text: bending over him.
dialog: t
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Ln re emer
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: AS 66 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: wa - DRIVER
dialog: 67.
dialog: i
dialog: (end in his. voice
dialog: is the quiet marvellous
dialog: reassurance that Ed
dialog: needs more than he
dialog: needs anything else
dialog: in the world)
dialog: Wnat in the world happened to you, man?
dialog: What in this world?
text: He helps ED to his feet. Through the window is the ambulance
text: drawn up by the pumps. ED shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ED
text: Not me. There's another guy. He's
dialog: hurt bad.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE AT AINTRY . DAY
text: The AMBULANCE DRIVER and HIS ASSISTANT gently lift LEWIS
text: out of the canoe. LEWIS groans or cries every time he is
text: moved. They teke him over to the ambulance, BOBBY following
text: them meking a token effort to help. ED leans heavily
dialog: agsinst the embulance,
text: With LEWIS inside the DRIVER helps ED in too, At this point
text: a Highwey Petrol car drives up and stops, its antenna
text: swishing. TWO OFFICERS get out, one of them a mean-looking
text: blonde boy.
scene_heading: BLONDE-OFFICER
dialog: What's going on here?
text: ED catches BOBBY's eye through the open rear door of the
text: ambulance. They exchange a look which says "This is it" and
text: "here goes." BOBBY meets THE OFFICER as he gets out of
text: the car.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We've had a bad accident. One
dialog: of our party drowned.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: Drounded?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: How do you know he drounded?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 88,
speaker_heading: 67 (Cont.)
dialog: 68.
dialog: 
scene_heading: : AMBULANCE DRIVER
dialog: I got to get these men to the hospital,
dialog: officer.
text: He closes the door on ED and LEWIS and BOBBY's answer to
text: THE OFFICER is cut off. ED watches through the window as
text: BOBBY soundlessly exnlains to the PATROLMAN. The ambulance
text: pulls away as BOBBY leads the OFFICER over to inspect the
dialog: canoe.
scene_heading: INT, HOSPITAL DAY
text: ED is lying on the examining table of the emergency room.
text: His flying suit is in a heap on the floor, He wears only
text: his shorts, his filthy tennis shoes and his improvised
dialog: bandage.
text: The tight lines in ED's face are beginning to relax. He has
text: an expression of perfect contentment, He is luxuriating in
dialog: the safety and security of organised civilisation as
text: represented by the hospital. He looks around at the
text: ordinary medical paraphernalia.
speaker_heading: ED :
dialog: It's beautiful. Beautiful.
text: A DOCTOR has been scrubbing his hands in s basin. He turns
text: now, wiping them dry.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: ED S
dialog: Oh, chromium, paper tissues, a tap
text: full of hot water, everything.
text: Using something from a bottle, THE DOCTOR gets off ED's
dialog: bandage.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Good Lord, fellow! What's been
dialog: chopping on you? Somebody hit you
dialog: with an axe?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Did it myself with an arrow.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: How in hell did you manage to shoot
dialog: yourself with an arrow? I didn't
dialog: think it could be done.
scene_heading: SITTER UT em necnec nr omnes ee one at
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: 69.
dialog: 70.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT, BIDDIFORD'S HOTEL EVENING
text: The ambulance is drawn up outside a large, ramshackle old
text: house with a sign over it saying 'Biddiford's Hotel.!
text: THE DRIVER is helping ED out of the front seat. He is back
text: in the ragged flying suit. Through a tear in the side, the
text: brilliant white of fresh bandages shows.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Take it easy, now.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Iwill, I will.
text: A brisk, aproned WOMAN of 60 opens the screen door on the
text: sagging porch before he gets up the steps,
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Come on in. You're expected,
scene_heading: INT, BIDDIFORD'S EVENING
text: BOBBY is hovering behind the WOMAN chewing a mouthful of
text: food. Beyond him is a dining room table round which sit
scene_heading: TWELVE OR FOURTEEN PEOPLE.
text: They are all looking though at ED who stands in the lobby
text: looking rather limp.
speaker_heading: WOMAN -
dialog: You better eat just how you are,
dialog: I'll bet you can use a hot meal.
text: She leads him in and seats him. BOBBY goes back to his
text: place. The OTHER GUESTS have still not resumed eating or
text: talking. They look st him with some awe.
text: THE WOMAN piles up his plate and he puts 9 morsel to his
text: mouth. It is like a sign. There is a rush of talk and
text: clatter and laughter.
text: They all eat again and everybody wants to pass ED something,
text: to do something for him. It is too much for him, He begins
text: to cry - for Drew, for his own pain, but mostly in gratitude
dialog: for being welcomed back to the human race.
text: ED catches BOBBY's eye across the table and they exchange
text: a look which is like e thanksgiving.
text: Then ED wipes his eyes on his sleeve and starts to eat in
dialog: earnest.
dialog: 
dialog: 90.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 71. INT, BEDROOM BIDDIFORD'S DAY
dialog: ,
text: is lying in brillient sunlight on a big country bed. He
text: has part of a sheet over him. He wakes up to a knock on
dialog: the door,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Come in.
text: BOBBY comes through the door dressed in a set of new clothes-
text: jeans, a workshirt, brogans. He has another similar set
text: over his arm.
text: ED sits up,wincing, as BOBBY puts the outfit on the bed.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Here. Hope they frit.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Are the stores open? What time ’
dialog: QO is it?
speaker_heading: as BOBBY
dialog: 
dialog: Aften ten. Listen, Ed.
dialog: (lowers his
dialog: voice)
dialog: A guy's been here asking sbout the ~
text: canoes.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (quickening)
dialog: What guy? What about the canoes?
text: ED sits up straight on the bed.
speaker_heading: . BOBBY
dialog: A little old guy who's some kind
dialog: of local lew man. He asked me
dialog: about the other canoe, where was
dialog: it, when did we lose it.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What did you tell him?
speaker_heading: Wd : (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 91.
dialog: eo
dialog: _ 71 (Cont.) ,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What we agreed to tell him:
dialog: that we lost it in that last bad
dialog: plsce. But listen Ed they must
dialog: have found part of it up river.
dialog: They must have.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Christ, what do we do now?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Can we patch up our story?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (with desperate
dialog: reasonableness)
dialog: I think so, We have to try.
dialog: How this? We spilled twice.
dialog: The first time we lostthe canoe
dialog: and Lewis broke his leg. And at
dialog: CQ this last falls we tipped over
dialog: , again and lost Drew.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (warming to
dialog: it)
dialog: Right. It's better because the ~
dialog: doctors can probably tell when
dialog: Lewis' leg was really broken.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Good, Good. |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: But what am I gonne say to that
dialog: little rat-faced bastard when he
dialog: faces me up to what I told him
dialog: yesterday?-
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Tell him... that he misread you:
dialog: - that you never said it. I'll back
dialog: Oo you up. .
speaker_heading: é) (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 92.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 71 (Cont.1)
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (a fierce
dialog: whisper)
dialog: Lewis! We've got to get the
text: change of story to him. Before
text: they talk to him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (also whispering
dialog: now)
dialog: Hell, you're right. Let's go
text: to him.
text: ED desperately pulls on the rest of his new clothes. They
text: ere both ceught in a sudden uncontrollable penic. BOBBY
text: kneels down and ties ED's boot laces. It is a good
dialog: posture for 4 prayer,
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Pléase God, let us be in time.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 72. INT. TAXI DAY .
text: BOBBY and ED sit nervously on the edge of the seat, in
text: their new anonymous clothes, as the grimy cab hauls them
text: through Aintry. The DRIVER throws off the odd bit of
text: information of local interest, figuring them as tourists.
text: BOBBY, sitting right behind the DRIVER clenches his fists,
text: like a jockey urging .on a horse and mimes 'Come on.!
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: TAXI DRIVER |
dialog: That there's our town hall.
text: Stores are boarded uv, the streets empty. The town is
text: depressing and derelict.
speaker_heading: TAXI DRIVER
dialog: All this here'll be under water,
dialog: drownded...... Best thing ever
dialog: e happened to this town.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 72 (Cont. )
speaker_heading: 736
dialog: The
dialog: 156
text: The cab pulls into the forecourt of the hospital.
text: ED jabs BOBBY with his elbow. A patrol car is parked
dialog: outside. -
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL DAY
text: They get out, ED thrusting money and thanks at THE DRIVER.
text: The patrol car is empty. They hurry into the hospital try-
dialog: ing not to break into a run.
scene_heading: INT, HOSPITAL : DAY
text: They pad down the corridor, looking rather furtive. THE
text: DOCTOR who stitched up ED appears in front of them, His
text: solicitous smile is genuinely human as well as professional,
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Well now, how's the Hari-kiri man?
text: They are forced to stop.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Just fine, Doc, thanks to you.
dialog: We're anxious to see how our
text: friend is getting along.
text: ED starts to shuffle past him, BOBBY at his heels..
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Are they treating you well,
dialog: up at Biddiford's?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Terrific, just terrific.
text: They are past him now, and turn into the ward.
scene_heading: INT, HOSPITAL WARD DAY
text: ONE PATROLMAN stands at the end of the ward, just inside
text: the door, talking closely and intimately with the WARD
text: SISTER. His fellow sits next to the bed in which LEWIS lies,
text: his leg up on pulleys. The FIRST PATROLMAN jerks up from
text: THE SISTER as ED enters.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Have you been talking to him?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
text: No. Waiting for him to come round.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: Ihe
dialog: i) 75 (Cont.)
text: (> Before anyone can say anything ED walks down to the bed.
text: Nd He smiles at the OTHER PATROLMAN.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Lewis. Are you awake?
text: LEWIS opens his eyes and looks at ED with just the
text: suggestion of a wink. He has obviously been shamming
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: How you feeling?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (in the cracked dry
dialog: voice of the recently
dialog: anethesised)
dialog: Never better.
text: ED cannot think how to disguise his purpose from the
text: , PATROLMAN whilst revealing it to LEWIS. He manages
text: to communicate his anxiety to LEWIS who studies his
text: ) face closely. ED glances at the PATROLMAN then clenches
text: Q . his mouth; trying to show LEWIS he cannot talk in front
text: of the police. Up the ward BOBBY is engaging THE OTHER
text: MAN, creating a noisy distraction.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (inspired)
dialog: What happened on that last
dialog: stretch of rapids, buddy?
dialog: , . I can't remember a thing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: it killed Drew, Lewis.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (sad and not
dialog: acting)
dialog: ' I should have saved him instead
dialog: } Of coe
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (quickly cutting in)
dialog: eeoeHOw couid you, lying in the
dialog: canoe with your leg broken?
text: LEWIS's eye flickers with the old gamesmanship, catching
dialog: Q on.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: ( ) We were overloaded, I guess.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 7 (Cont. 1)
dialog: 76.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Four in one canoe? In those
dialog: rapids{ That gorge was bad
dialog: enough where you got hit. But
dialog: these mothers}
text: THE PATROLMAN has been listening closely. Now he senses
text: something going on.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: Now, just a minute.
text: But too late. LEWIS looks up into ED's eyes, understanding
dialog: everything.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK BELOW FINAL RAPIDS DAY
text: A miscellany of trucks, jeeps, pick-ups and two patrol cars
text: are drawn up on the river bank. In the river a number of
text: MEN are dragging with grappling hooks and chains. There
text: are quite a FEW SPECTATORS, all enjoying the excitement.
text: ED sits on the bank next to a PATROLMAN who is obviously
text: posted to watch him,
text: Another patrol car arrives and BOBBY steps out of it. ED
text: turns to watch and gets a momentary impression that BOBBY
text: is a prisoner.
text: He is surrounded by POLICEME] and OTHERS. A PATROLMAN is
text: talking to him with some vehemence, or appears to deo
text: ONE MAN detaches himself from the GROUF around BOBBY, He
text: is a small, old, light-bodied man. He comes over to ED
text: with the same sideways kind of walk the two men had when
text: they came out of the trees.
scene_heading: DEPUTY QUEEN
dialog: Seay, buddy. Can I talk to you
dialog: for a moment?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: . Sure. Sit down.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: You say you started out day before
dialog: yesterday?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We started Friday, at about four
text: o'clock in the afternoon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 76 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: , QUEEN
text: In two canoes.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: And you lost one of 'em right
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, a long ways upstream. When
dialog: we came through here, we were all
text: in one canoe,
text: They sit watching the searchers: the men, some of them
text: waistdeep in the river, working with their grapples. One
text: of the MEN in the river calls to another, as though he has
text: found something. He shows an object.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: (deliberately and slowly,
text: still looking at the river)
dialog: Your buddy says different.
dialog: Q
speaker_heading: . ED
dialog: ‘ ae (with exaggerated
dialog: surprise) :
dialog: I'll be damned if he does! Go ask i
dialog: him. i
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: . (shaking his head) -
dialog: I done already asked him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Ask him again, or the one in the
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: No; no. You done had a chance |
dialog: to talk to ‘em.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (with real indignation)
dialog: What the hell are you driving at?
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: (playing his trump
dialog: / card)
dialog: © We found half that other canoe.
dialog: aan But it weren't here. Seems it
dialog: fo) drifted up riverj
speaker_heading: - : ( CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: LR ES EU rR Re ee Rn
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 76 (Cont. 1)
text: QUEEN winks at THE PATROLMAN and gives a malicious
text: half-smile.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (since he's ready
dialog: for this)
dialog: So what? I told you we lost the
text: other one farther up. Back up in
dialog: a gorge. I.can take you and show
dialog: you where it was.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: You know we can't get back up in there.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That's your problem. Look: what in
dialog: God's name is this all about, anyway?
dialog: . (pause)
dialog: Are you the Sheriff here?
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Depitty.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Where's the Sheriff?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Right here.
text: The SHERIFF had been standing right behind ‘hem, listening.
text: leaning on the patrol car.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Can you tell me what this man of ‘
dialog: yours is getting at? He seems to
dialog: think we threw one of our party in
dialog: the river, or something.
speaker_heading: " QUEEN
dialog: Maybe you did.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: For Christ's sake, for what
dialog: reason?
speaker_heading: QUEEN
text: (sullenly, like he
dialog: says everything)
dialog: How would I knew that? I know you
dialog: can't get your stories straight,
dialog: end there ain't no good reason for
dialog: you to be lyin’. ‘
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: eA Ee Pe HON A A een et
dialog: 
dialog: Gg
speaker_heading: 76 (Cont. 2)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: _ SHERIFF
dialog: Easy, Mr. Queen.
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: What about this?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What do you mean, what about it?
dialog: This man's just confused. Maybe
dialog: he doesn't like city people. God
dialog: knows what his game is.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: (turning completely
dialog: murderous )
dialog: I'li tell you what, you city son of
dialog: a bitch. My sister called me yester-
dialog: day and told me her husband had been
dialog: out huntin! and hadn't come back.
dialog: I'll just god-damned well guarantee
dialog: y'll met up with him somewhere.
text: BULLARD looks from one to the other - as though politely
text: waiting to see if they have finished.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: You're sure about this other canoe,
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You better believe I'm sure.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: (pulling at Sheriff's
dialog: arm)
dialog: He aintt sure. He's lyin'. He's
dialog: lyin' thru his teeth. Hets done
dialog: somethin’ up yonder. He's done kilt
dialog: my brother-in-law.
dialog: !
speaker_heading: ED )
dialog: (turning with equal |
dialog: violence on Queen)
dialog: Listen, you little bastard. Maybe
dialog: your brother-in-law killed somebody.
dialog: Why are you bringing in all this talk
dialog: abcut kiliing?
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: He's iyin', Sheriff. Dontt let him go.
dialog: Don't let the son of a bitch go.
text: THE SHERIFF watches them both closely, studying ED's face
dialog: more than his words.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 996
speaker_heading: 76 (Cont. 3)
text: TT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: We got nothin' to hold him for, Arthel.
dialog: Not right now. let's see what comes
text: out of the river.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: (almost screaming)
dialog: Don't let him go. I can just look at
dialog: him and tell. .
dialog: (pauses, panting)
dialog: Listen, my sister called up last night,
dialog: and she was just aecryin'. Benson
dialog: ain't come home yet. She knows he's
dialog: dead. She just knows it. And these
dialog: fellers was the only ones up in there,
dialog: when he wase
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Now, you don't know that, Arthel.
dialog: What you mean is, they was the only
dialog: eity fellows.
text: ED shakes his head, in both real and feigned unbelief at
dialog: such goings-on.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: You'li have to sign a statement tonight.
dialog: You can go home in the morning. Just
dialog: leave me your addresses.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Just let us know if you find anything.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Don't worry. You'll be the fuste.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GAS STATION DAY
text: ED and BOBBY are paying off a taxi which has brought them
text: up from Aintry. They go over to the two cars, DREW'S and
text: LEWIS's. The same BOY is working the pumps and he comes
dialog: across.
speaker_heading: : BOY
dialog: Got the keys here.
text: At that moment, SHERIFF BULLARD cruises slowly up and
text: stops. They are just getting into the cars, and they
text: are obliged to get out again, rather awkwardly.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Morning’ Y'all gettin' an early
dialog: start?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: OQ 77 (Cont.) / ED
dialog: () Thought we would, yes.
text: The SHERIFF ciimps out of his car, comes over and looks
text: at them with his own special look; very penetrating, but
text: amused and detached.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: The Griner brothers drove these
dialog: down from Ores, right?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: You happen to see another man
dialog: with them up there?
text: BOBBY and ED glance at each other.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Wasn't there another guy in the
dialog: pick-up Ed?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: O I think there was, yes.
text: = The SHERIFF nods with a look that could mean everything or
text: a nothing. They are not sure if they can go. They start to
text: move to the cars again,
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: 'Fore you go, buddy, let me ask
dialog: . you something and tell you some-
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Ask away,
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Hew come y'all anded up with four
dialog: life jackets?
text: The tongue of panic licks across BOBBY'’s fase, and it
text: would hardly escape BULLARD.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We had an extra one.
speaker_heading: = SHERIFF
dialog: 7 ; You had an extra one?
speaker_heading: i) (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 77 (Cont. 1)
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (very sure, and look-
dialog: ing him in the eye)
dialog: Yes, we did. -
text: The SHERIFF probes them hard with his eyes, but the
text: amusement is still there.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What was it you wanted to tell
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Don't ever do anything like this
dialog: again. Don't come back up here.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (with a half-smile)
dialog: You don't have to worry about that.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: You act like you're telling a hired
dialog: gun to get out of town. But we're
text: all bow and arrow men.
text: The SHERIFF smiles lazily, dangerously, a cat pawing two
dialog: a caught mice, .
scene_heading: & . SHERIFF
dialog: ~ OK. I want to see this place die
dialog: peaceful. So long. Have a good |
dialog: trip.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: , So long. And I hope Deputy Queen
text: finds his brother-in-law.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: He was a mean bastard anyway.
text: The SHERIFF's smile broadens just a little, but is still
text: enigmatic, dangerous. He turns to his car. ED and BOBBY
text: “exchange a quick smile of relief. BOBBY pantomimes a '
text: tyippee' gesture to the SHERIFF's bask. ED starts the sar
text: and BOBBY swings into the other, They pull out on to the
text: road, BOBBY accelerates fiercely and passes ED, tooting
text: his horn. They head towards the bridge and the river, It
text: is starting to rain.
scene_heading: 78. INT. DREW'S CAR . DAY
text: oe As BOBBY reaches the bridge he sounds his horn again and
text: . keeps sounding it until he reaches the other side. Then it
text: fi} stops and he is gone. ED slows down watching BOBBY go then
text: ad turns off down the ramp to the river bank.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 796
dialog: 80.
dialog: 102,
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER AT AINTRY BRIDGE : DAY
text: The light rain is mottling the river. He gets out of the
text: car and looks at the canoe which has been pulled well up
text: on the bank and turned over; Some muddy CHILDREN are
dialog: Playing near it. :
text: ED runs his hands up and down the battered hull. It has
text: taken « terrific beating, there are gouged out dents in
text: the metal and only streaky remnants of paint.
text: ED's attenticn is attracted by some kind of activity
text: across the river, Behind the trees and bushes he makes
text: out a cemetery.
text: ED speaks to a little girl. i
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What is it? A funeral?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL |
dialog: (in very nasal, |
dialog: country tones) |
dialog: Naw. They're gonna move them
text: people ‘fore they finish the dam. .
dialog: They're diggin them up.
text: ED takes a closer look, Now he can make out the stacked
text: coffins, and the MEN moving among them. Some kind of
text: mechanical digger is at work. The CHILDREN scamper off
text: downstream leaving ED a very solitary figure.
text: He looks down intently at the river, perhaps to fix it in
text: his mind or maybe he expscts it to yield up soma secrat,
text: an answer, He looks back at the graveyard, frowning. TWO
text: MEN hump a coffin on their shoulders. Suddenly, tne rote
text: ting side of the coffin falls away, They stop and try and
text: get a better hold, but the bottom sags and then collapses
text: and their whole burden disintegrates. They walk off une
text: concernedly and pick up another coffin which the mechani- .
text: cal. digger has gouged out of the ground. - ;
text: ED watches this scene with a puzzled look as though it
text: recalls a memory, or is the echo of 4 forgotten dream,
text: During this the first line of Duelling Benjoes is heard,
text: repeated over and over at first faintly, then more stronge-
text: ly, the banjo answering the guitar. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. A RIVER MEADOW DAY
text: It lies in water. Fish swim over the grass. The music
text: rises too.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 81,
dialog: 
dialog: 62.
dialog: 83.
text: QO 8h.
dialog: 85.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 203.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS _ os . DAY
text: Deep tangled woods very much like the spot where the
text: HILLBILLY was buried. Water rises around the tree trunks.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. THE CEMETERY . DAY
text: One or two tombs and stone crosses jut out of the water
text: that submerges the graveyard. The misic climbs with the
dialog: water. :
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. GRINER'S YARD DAY
text: The wrecked cars are half-flooded, an old-fashioned
text: gasoline pump just has its head above water.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE . NIGHT
text: A vast lake, perfectly still reflects a long shaft of
text: moonlight. The msic levels off seeming to find fuifill-
text: ment in the tranquillity of the lake that covers the
dialog: drowned valley.
text: Then a moment of excruciating horror: a white hend
text: surfaces followed by a grey shupeless hump = a corpse.
text: The shock echoes in the msic which becomes onze again
text: driving and powerful.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE DAY
text: A grey windy morning. Two small boats with outboard
text: motors are anchored out in the leke, a FROGMAN surfaces
text: from the water and climbs into one of the dinghies, A
text: group of people straggle along the lake shore, SHERIFF
text: BULLARD is standing with ED, LEWIS and ECBEY. LE: has
text: crutches, his leg is amputated at the Imes, At cheix
text: feet is a body, covered with a sheet. The SHERIFF is
text: speaking but the music drowns his words. He bends down
text: to lift the sheet. The THREE MEN strain forward to
text: watch in an agony of anticipation. He pulls up the
text: sheet with a violent motion.
dialog: 
scene_heading: MATCHING CUT:
dialog: oatebeneied aatennientaassoneeemmenniaaced
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: 7 86. . INT. ED'S BEDROOM _ . NIGHT
text: fv ED throws back the sheet and jerks up in bed, horror
text: struck. The misic screams for him and stops. Silence.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (a soft mother's
dialog: voice)
dialog: It's all right, baby. Shh.....Go
text: to sleep. There, there.
text: She strokes his hair and he lies down on his side,
text: asleep immediately. She takes him in her arms.
scene_heading: 87. EXT. ED'S HOUSE AND STREET NIGHT
text: ED's house stands peacefully, safely in the comfortable
text: suburban street with others like it. The light in ED's
text: window goes off. The street is quiet and still, sleeping.
text: On each driveway a car is drawn up. A child's bicycle
text: lies on one of the neat lawns.
text: ED's good and decent neighbours are asleep, dreaming
dialog: whatever dreams they dream.
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 
