dialog: 
text: "Demolition Man," by Daniel Waters; and Jonathan Lemkin
speaker_heading: DEMOLITION MAN
dialog: Participating Writers:
dialog: Peter Lenkov
dialog: Robert Reneau
dialog: Daniel Waters
dialog: Fred Decker
dialog: Jonathan Lemkin
dialog: Story by:
dialog: Peter Lenkov
dialog: Daniel Waters
dialog: Screenplay by:
dialog: Daniel Waters
dialog: Jonathan Lemkin
scene_heading: SILVER PICTURES
dialog: November 19, 1992
dialog: c 1992
text: [NOTE: THE FOLLOWING SCREENPLAY HAD NUMBERED SCENES.
text: THESE HAVE BEEN OMITTED FOR THIS SOFT COPY.]
dialog: "The world of the future will
dialog: be an ever more demanding
dialog: struggle against the limitations
dialog: of our intelligence..."
dialog: Norbert Wiener
dialog: "On the whole, I'd rather be in
dialog: Philadelphia..."
dialog: W.C. Fields
speaker_heading: DEMOLITION MAN
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK SKY - NIGHT
text: Dark, ominous clouds of smoke. A beat of semi-calm.
text: And then... A long blast of TRACER FIRE cuts through.
text: And another. And another. We TILT DOWN to discover we
dialog: are --
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES - AIRBORNE - MOVING - NIGHT (1998)
text: A city on fire. A block here, block there. More TRACER
text: FIRE. A cross between the LA riots and Gulf War. A
text: SUPERED TITLE: LA RIOT III. And then FADING IN BELOW:
text: MONTH 4. We CONTINUE MOVING ABOVE the ravaged city --
speaker_heading: VOICE #1 (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: You imagine what it was like when
dialog: they had to fly choppers through
dialog: this shit?
speaker_heading: VOICE #2 (V.O.)
dialog: Not even.
text: Gliding totally silently INTO FRAME is the biggest,
text: darkest, midnight blue blimp you've ever seen. Small
text: gold letters on the side -- LAPD. Fully armored beneath.
text: Woven kevlar on the sides. BULLETS REBOUND with a long
text: ZZZZZIP off the sides. PING SOFTLY off the plastic armor
text: on the bottom.
speaker_heading: VOICE #1 (V.O.)
dialog: I don't understand where we're
dialog: going and why the hell we're
dialog: bothering anyhow...
text: A new voice responds. This one brooks no discussion --
speaker_heading: SPARTAN (V.O.)
dialog: Because there's anger and there's
dialog: frustration, and then there's pure
dialog: fucking evil...
scene_heading: INT. BLIMP POD - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT
text: JOHN SPARTAN peers down into the fiery landscape.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Where we're going is pure fucking
dialog: evil.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thirty people who were riding that
dialog: muni bus are still missing. I've
dialog: got this bad hunch about who took
dialog: them and where they are...
scene_heading: EXT. EXTREME SOUTH CENTRAL LA - FROM ABOVE - AIRBORNE -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Way up ahead, amid the flames, is a fortress. A square
text: city block. Walled. Something out of the middle ages.
text: The walls are entirely made from stacked abandoned cars.
scene_heading: INT. BLIMP POD - NIGHT
text: Spartan is dragging a heavy bag up towards the door.
text: PILOT #2 looks at him curiously.
speaker_heading: PILOT #2
dialog: How come they call you Demolition
dialog: Man? Are you with the bomb squad?
text: Spartan gets his bag into position.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I just...
dialog: (shrugs
dialog: apologetically)
dialog: ... demolish things.
text: He checks out the window. They're not quite there.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I do my job, shit happens.
dialog: (to Pilot #1)
dialog: Get a thermo.
text: The PILOT takes a thermogram of the building in the
text: middle of the compound. We see a series of heat-outlined
text: figures moving inside.
speaker_heading: PILOT #1
text: Six. One still, in the middle.
dialog: The rest moving around. I don't
dialog: see any thirty people.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (checking the thermo)
dialog: What's that?
text: To the naked eye, out the window, tucked against the
text: wall of cars, a large tarp. To the thermo, the still
text: warm inner workings of the muni bus. Faint outlines of
text: the engine, drive train, even seats and frame. Bingo.
text: Spartan takes a deep breath. Loosens up his right
text: shoulder. Loosens up his left. Checks the gun on his
text: right hip. Checks the gun on his left. They both cross
text: draw. Reaches down to the bag at his feet. LAPD in
text: reflective letters on the side of a backpack. Spartan
text: yanks some kind of rope out of it.
speaker_heading: PILOT #2
dialog: Isn't that for getting people out
dialog: of burning buildings...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yeah, sometimes...
text: Slaps a carabiner onto a big eyebolt by the door. They're
text: dead center now over the complex below. He opens the
text: door. Jumps out.
scene_heading: EXT. BLIMP - NIGHT
text: Spartan falls three hundred feet from the blimp. Dead
text: silent. The line runs free behind him. It's a giant
text: fireproof bungee cord. As the downward force of gravity
text: and the upward pull of the bungee become exactly the
text: same, Spartan stops dead in the air for just the briefest
text: moment. Whips out a Bowie knife and slashes the cord
text: above his head. Falls free the last ten feet to the roof
text: of the building. Lands on his feet. Lightning cross
text: draw. A gun appears in each hand.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTRESS - MAIN BUILDING - ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: A lookout pops up on Spartan's right. Spartan clobbers
text: him. Another lookout pops up on Spartan's left. Spartan
text: ducks, rolls quietly, clobbers him, too. Listens. No
text: one's taken notice. Holsters the guns. Moves in towards
text: the roof hatch.
scene_heading: INT. FORTRESS - MAIN BUILDING - THIRD FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Stacked with armaments and stolen goods. M70's straight
text: outta the National Guard Armory. Crates of ammo. Stacks
text: of looted Sony HoloSets still in the boxes.
text: Spartan makes his way carefully along. Ready. Spins at
text: a SOUND. Nothing there. Spartan crouches low. Slips
text: around the crates. At the far end, a very large guard
dialog: is doing just the same thing to peer at where Spartan
dialog: just was.
text: Spartan launches himself at the guard. Hammers his head
text: against the floor. This guy is not getting up again for
text: a long time. Spartan spins at a SOUND. Another equally
text: large guard dives on Spartan from behind. He never makes
text: contact. Spartan uses his momentum to fling him past and
text: into the wall. This guy isn't getting up again in the
text: near future either. Now the room is clear. Moves
text: towards the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. FORTRESS - MAIN BUILDING - SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT
text: SIMON PHOENIX snorts a long pale blue line up one
text: nostril. A long pink line up the other. One blue eye,
text: one brown eye. Blond hair. Black skin. Looks up at
text: another thug. Punches up the security cams on half a
text: dozen slightly futuristic monitors. Unconscious guards
text: can be seen on all of them. And on the last, Spartan,
text: coming... Phoenix jabs a loaded orange syringe into an
text: arm. The drugs all hit various lobes.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Motherfucker.
scene_heading: INT. FORTRESS - MAIN BUILDING - STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Spartan creeps quietly down. Looking, watching,
text: listening. Suddenly, the stairs are racked with MACHINE
text: GUN FIRE. Chips of concrete fly from around his feet.
text: Spartan flattens against the wall. Half a beat. Steps
text: out FIRING. The machine gun stops. A body plummets by
text: down the center shaft of the stairs.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: That's a warm welcome.
scene_heading: INT. FORTRESS - MAIN BUILDING - SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Phoenix is dumping can after can of gas all over the
text: floor, the walls, everything.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - STAIRWELL AND LANDING
text: Spartan steps onto the landing. Checks high and low.
text: Room is clear. He can smell the gas.
scene_heading: BACK TO PHOENIX
text: Simon pries open the fuse box. Flips off all the
text: breakers. Building is plunged into darkness.
text: BACK TO SPARTAN
text: Spartan quietly speaks into the LAPD button mike on his
dialog: lapel.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: How 'bout some light, guys?
text: Half a beat later, blinding white light blows through
text: the windows.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTRESS - FROM ABOVE - NIGHT
text: The blimp casts down a wall of light. 32 million
text: candlepower pours straight down.
scene_heading: INT. FORTRESS - MAIN BUILDING - SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT
text: A wild melange of white, white light and dark, dark
text: shadows. The gas fumes ripple, refract in the air.
text: Lights bounce off the pools of gasoline. Spartan rolls
text: into the room. Both guns come up.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Simon Phoenix. You're under
dialog: arrest.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Where are the muni passengers?
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Fuck you, Spartan. They're gone.
dialog: I told the city no one comes down
dialog: here anymore. Cops figured it
dialog: out, postmen figured it out. Damn
dialog: bus drivers wouldn't listen.
dialog: Arrest me? You've got no
dialog: jurisdiction here. You're in my
text: kingdom now. Fifty blocks in
dialog: every direction. And it's mine.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (simply)
text: It's over.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: It's over?!
dialog: (knows it's true)
dialog: Yeah. It's over. But I've been
dialog: king once, and I ain't ever going
text: back to jail.
text: Spartan keeps the guns trained on Phoenix. Simon
text: scratches his arm. It's a junkie's twitch. Or is it...
text: Spartan can't see it, but there's a kitchen match tucked
text: behind Simon's ear. Phoenix reaches up to scratch
text: another itch. Frees the match in one gestures, strikes
text: it and tosses it into the pool of gas. Smiles. A
text: friendly happy smile.
text: The room bursts into flames. He throws back his head and
text: laughs. Spartan dives on him. Tries to hurl them both
text: through the window.
text: But Phoenix is either stronger or just far crazier and
text: drugged up. Smashes the two of them into the wall
text: instead. They trade blows. The building gets worse.
text: AMMO starts to EXPLODE downstairs.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTRESS - MAIN YARD - NIGHT
text: A giant LAPD wrecker with a cow catcher front blasts
text: through the main gates. LAPD Humvees follow.
text: A young cop (ZACHARY LAMB) gets out, looks at the main
text: building, shakes his head in amusement at the
dialog: destruction --
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It's Spartan again...
scene_heading: INT. FORTRESS - MAIN BUILDING - SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT
text: The battle continues. The two trading blow for blow in
text: this fiery arena. The two men are practically on fire.
text: Finally Spartan knocks Phoenix cold, a clean shot
text: straight in the face. Phoenix drops in a heap to the
text: floor. Spartan shakes his head, sighs, bends down to
dialog: retrieve his prisoner and...
scene_heading: INT./EXT. FORTRESS - MAIN BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The BUILDING EXPLODES. Long and LOUD and high and
dialog: mighty.
speaker_heading: OVERHEAD POV
text: The fireball rockets by the blimp.
scene_heading: INT. BLIMP - POD - NIGHT
text: The Pilots with mouths agape as the fireball crashes by.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTRESS - MAIN YARD - NIGHT
text: The EARTH RUMBLES. Those who aren't thrown to the
text: ground dive for cover. The SECONDARY EXPLOSION kicks
text: in. Everything that didn't blow straight up in the air
text: blows out what remains of the sides of the building.
dialog: Nothing's left standing.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTRESS - MAIN YARD - NIGHT (AFTERMATH)
text: The dust begins to settle. Flaming wreckage and embers
text: are still dropping from five hundred feet up. A beat. A
text: beam shifts in the wreckage. It's a big beam. It moves
text: aside. Spartan emerges dragging his prisoner out behind
text: him. As he's being dragged along, Phoenix comes to.
text: Spartan hands him off to another officer to be booked.
text: Captain STEVE HEALY, Spartan's long-suffering captain and
text: friend, comes out of the crowd of officers.
speaker_heading: HEALY
dialog: What's the matter with you?
dialog: That's why nobody ever invites
dialog: you over.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I hate small talk. You sent me to
dialog: do a job, I did it. It wasn't even
dialog: me who blew everything up this time.
speaker_heading: HEALY
dialog: Yeah. Sure.
text: Healy continues to shake his head in consternation. No
text: way he believes that... Spartan ignores him. Wipes the
text: soot from his face. Shakes his head in disgust, walks
dialog: away...
text: The Tactical Fire Response vehicles have arrived. Fully-
text: armored firemen wearing bulletproof gear fight the blaze.
text: Spartan continues to stride away. And then everything
text: fucks up. One of the TFR OFFICERS in the wreckage calls
dialog: out --
speaker_heading: TFR OFFICER
dialog: Captain. Captain!
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: There's a lot of bodies in here.
text: Spartan stops dead. He looks sick. Healy's not
dialog: thrilled, but he knows what's required of him --
speaker_heading: HEALY
dialog: (to Spartan)
dialog: You have the right to remain
dialog: silent.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - STARK WHITE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Spartan in stark white overalls. A beautiful, shaken
text: woman holding the hand of a small child. About six.
text: Spartan bends down to the little girl. Unclenches his
text: fist. His LAPD badge inside. Pins it on the little
text: girl, KATIE.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I'm going to be back. I'll still
dialog: be your dad. I promise.
text: She holds the badge, nods solemnly. Spartan kisses her
text: on the cheek.
speaker_heading: KATIE SPARTAN
dialog: I love you, Daddy.
text: She's young enough that it's unclear whether she
text: understands that her father is going away for good.
text: Spartan chokes back a sob. Stands back up. Kisses his
dialog: wife. Everything that can be said, has been said. They
dialog: kiss again.
text: Behind him, in front of two locked doors, are a pair of
text: prison guards in odd, heavily-insulated uniforms. Tanks,
text: heater batteries, guns. Spartan heads towards the far
text: doors. They follow. Spartan steps through the doors,
text: the guards now at either elbow. And into --
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: The CryoPenitentiary is a Godel-esque nightmare of
text: architecturally-perverse layers and levels, the
text: Guggenheim mixed with industrial meat locker. All still
text: half under construction.
text: Spartan is led along the middle ring to where a doctor,
text: two white-coated technicians and a young-looking WARDEN
text: SMITHERS are waiting.
text: Above him prisoners are encased into the ground in
text: massive glass hockey pucks, contracted into pained fetal
text: positions. Their faces are hauntingly twisted into
text: gargoyle expressions of tortured struggle.
text: The group arrives at an empty chamber. The technicians
text: nod to Spartan. He drops off the white overalls. Steps
text: free. Stands naked. Doctor injects him with luminescent
text: blue fluid. The techies slap on sensor pads. Head,
text: heart, all over... Spraying him down with Freon. Mist
text: everywhere... We see the temperature dropping on the
text: monitors. The Warden looks at a crib sheet. Clears his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: John Spartan. You've done great
dialog: deeds for the city of Los Angeles,
dialog: so it is with some regret that I
dialog: hereby...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Skip it...
text: Spartan shivers, contemplating one of his stiffening
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: John Spartan. You've been
dialog: sentenced to 70 years in the
dialog: California CryoPenitentiary for
dialog: the involuntary manslaughter of
dialog: thirty...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Skip it...
text: Spartan is beginning to shake from the cold. His lips
text: turning blue before our eyes. Color just drains away.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: I'm sorry, John.
dialog: (then; a smile)
dialog: Don't catch cold.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: Fuh... fuf... funny.
text: The technicians attempt to help Spartan into the chamber.
text: He shakes them off to stagger down on his own. Let's not
dialog: kid ourselves, he's scared --
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: See ya next century...
text: TITLES BEGIN as...
text: The casing door is closed over him. MONITORS down the
text: lining of the circular chamber show a digital rap sheet,
text: a dropping thermometer, a parole date, and today's date:
text: November 20, 1998. A super-chilled clear goo flows in,
text: packing and preserving isolated Michelangeloesque
text: segments of the defiant statue that is John Spartan.
text: But he's still conscious. Still even struggling a bit.
text: On the arm above the chamber, inside a vacuum bell a
text: small vial is auto unscrewed. LOCKED and SAFETY lights
text: cycle. We see a tiny white chip inside. The vial is
text: moved into place by a tiny robot arm. Bottom vent is
text: opened. The chip is dumped into the chamber. It's the
text: opposite of watching ice shatter. Instead, the whole
text: hockey puck goes solid in an instant and a half. The
text: thermo read-out drops in an instant to a half degree
text: above 0 degrees Kelvin. It's done.
text: The VIEWER makes a GENTLY DIZZYING JOURNEY AROUND the
text: chamber, SETTLING FOR A MOMENT ON Spartan's contorted-
text: into-a-defiant-sneer face.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - MAIN ROOM - DAY (2042)
text: The VIEWER'S VIEWPOINT KEEPS PULLING OUT to see that the
text: date on Spartan's MONITOR now reads August 3, 2042.
text: Warden Smithers, now a bespectacled, gray-haired old
text: man, in a peculiar uniform, shuffles past the completely
dialog: unaged Spartan.
text: He grumbles by in a phone headset equipped with fiberoptic
text: video gear, and OUT OF FRAME we see that the
text: prison has become vaster, stranger, with multiple grated
text: catwalks and more networks of artfully-engineered piping.
text: And heavily, heavily stocked with prisoners...
text: Smithers looks up at his holoset. Hovering in front of
text: him in the air is Lenina Huxley.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY (IMAGE)
dialog: Mellow greeting, Warden John J.
dialog: Smithers.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: (this again)
dialog: Yeah. BE well. Lieutenant
dialog: Lenina Huxley.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN ANGELES - STREETS - DAY (2042)
text: A 2042 police car glides INTO FRAME. We MOVE WITH it
text: as it passes by a series of austere geometric buildings.
text: Green, green glass. Blue, blue sky. Cleaner than
text: Disneyland. The future is perfect. More emissionless
text: cars gliding silently by.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY (V.O.)
dialog: As it is a beautiful Monday
dialog: morning, and as my duty log
dialog: irrationally requires it...
scene_heading: INT. LENINA'S POLICE CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Behind the wheel, the mischievously-beautiful LENINA
text: HUXLEY. A heads up display announces she is calling
dialog: Warden John J. Smithers. The order of business is
dialog: "Prison Population Informative Query." And future or
text: not, Lenina fusses with her hair. With both hands.
text: The steering wheel is not present at all.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: I am hereby querying you on the
dialog: prison population update.
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Does the tedium continue?
text: ON HEADS UP DISPLAY
text: Warden Smithers gently reminds her that ---
speaker_heading: SMITHERS (IMAGE)
text: Incontrovertibly and unequivocally,
text: yes. The prisoners are ice cubes.
text: They do not move. They have no
dialog: thoughts, they have no feelings...
dialog: The tedium is permanent,
dialog: Lieutenant.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-PRISON - MAIN ROOM - MID LEVEL - DAY
text: Smithers is striding along, the conversation projected in
text: the air in front of him from the HoloSet he's wearing.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY (IMAGE)
dialog: I find this lack of stimulus truly
dialog: disappointing... Don't you think?
scene_heading: INT. LENINA'S POLICE CAR - DAY
text: Smithers peers at her almost suspiciously.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS (IMAGE)
dialog: I try not to. However, you are
dialog: young, think all you want. Things
dialog: don't happen anymore, we've taken
dialog: care of all that. I'll fiber-op
dialog: you back after the morning non-
dialog: parole hearings. Have a peachy
dialog: day, Lieutenant. BE well...
text: The Warden's image poofs.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-PRISON - MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: Tugging off his headset, Warden Smithers clacks to a
text: checkpoint wall at the end of the grating. Smithers
text: puts the back of his hand on a screen in the wall.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
text: Coding accepted. Retina Confirm.
text: Smithers leans into a peephole.
scene_heading: INSIDE PEEPHOLE
text: A harmless red laser flickers over an EXTREME CLOSEUP of
text: the Warden's eye.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-PRISON - CONFERENCE AREA - DAY
text: The wall slides open and Smithers enters into a ceiling-
text: less space beneath the awesome tiers of cryo-cells.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Thank you and be well, Warden
dialog: William Smithers.
text: Smithers grumbles past a barely conscious cryo-prisoner,
text: who is strapped atop a sleek, thin, and uncomfortable
text: "wheelchair." Two Guards flank the hunched over and
text: dripping convict as Smithers plops behind an industrial
text: chic table and flicks on his CompuClipboard.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Twenty-nine years ago, the parole
dialog: system, as you know it, was
dialog: rendered obsolete. Federal
dialog: Statute 537-29 requires we go
dialog: through the formality of a
dialog: hearing for all prisoners
dialog: incarnated before the repeal
dialog: of the parole laws.
dialog: Cocteau Behavioral Engineering,
dialog: B.E. will continue rehabilitation
dialog: by altering your behavior through
dialog: synaptic suggestion during
text: cryogenic sleep. Nightie night.
dialog: Your hearing is now over. You
dialog: are to be returned to your cryo-
dialog: cell immediately... 'Mr. Horace
dialog: Bateman.' Do you understand what
dialog: I've said...
text: Eyes half open, the Cryo-prisoner unsuccessfully gropes
dialog: for a syllable.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Guards, nod his head for him...
dialog: (yawning)
speaker_heading: Ne-xt.
text: As the pathetic Cryo-prisoner is wheeled off, the
text: Warden's VOICE ECHOES electronically from ---
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-PRISON - DEFROSTING CHAMBER - DAY
text: -- a steel intercom box on the wall. Two Med Techs load
text: a still unconscious prisoner into another wheelchair. We
text: don't see him. Just a hint of a well muscled black arm
text: and a head still lolling unconscious on a shoulder, with
dialog: blond hair...
scene_heading: INT. LENINA'S POLICE CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Huxley finishes primping. Hits a button. The dash
text: unfolds, a steering wheel emerges, locks into place.
text: Lenina calls out as she activates her badge.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
text: Huxley, Lenina. Coding on.
text: A serenely annoying VOICE answers her
speaker_heading: CAR COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: No police presence is requested
dialog: in the city at this time. Report
dialog: to the station. Good morning,
dialog: Officer Huxley.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (groans)
dialog: Ahhh...
speaker_heading: CAR COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: I detect a promoted level of
dialog: stress in your tone. Would you
dialog: like me to prescribe a
dialog: foodaceutical to...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: No! What are you, my mother?
dialog: (then; calmer)
dialog: No. No, thank you though.
text: She rolls her eyes. Waits to see if it's going to scold
text: her again. After letting her sweat it out, the car
dialog: doesn't ---
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: All right, I'll be reporting in...
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER SAN ANGELES STREET - DAY
text: Huxley's police car glides by. A beat. In front of one
text: perfect building is a small object the size and shape of
text: a COFFEE CAN. As we PUSH IN TO it, we find, it's
text: TICKING. We can see the escape wheel ratcheting back and
text: forth. It's very crude, very 1920's clockwork. Four
text: ink-filled quadrants on a wheel inside. The yellow
text: quadrant rotates into position.
text: A small sharp EXPLOSION. Like an ink jet, the yellow ink
text: is flung through a nozzle against the wall in an 8 x 20
text: foot swath. The red ratchets and FIRES, the blue as
text: well. Now we can see the graffiti bomb has screened a
text: message on the wall -- "Life Is Hell." The black
text: EXPLODES. Little Death's Heads are sprinkled around the
text: message. The ink jet MACHINE BLOWS itself up.
text: Pedestrians gather and stare at the message. Mouths
text: open, dumbstruck.
text: Two shock poles emerge from hidden panels in the side of
text: the building. A sheet of LIGHTNING FLASHES between
text: them. The message turns to ash and falls to the ground.
text: The poles tuck back into their boxes. A small rabbit-
text: sized VACUUM SWEEPER emerges, ZINGS along on its own
text: power and SUCKS up the ash.
scene_heading: EXT. A DIFFERENT SAN ANGELES STREET - DAY
dialog: Near the chaos, we discover this whole thing's been a
text: diversion. Up from a manhole comes a strange-looking
text: pipe. A crude periscope.
speaker_heading: PERISCOPE POV
text: watching as a food delivery truck pulls up to a loading
text: dock. Food pallets are unloaded.
speaker_heading: PAYNE (O.S.)
dialog: All right, that's it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Twelve hours there'll be another...
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL - DAY
text: THOMAS PAYNE, a young wild-haired madman in some kind
text: of ancient mechanics coveralls watches through the
text: periscope.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: ... These assholes are nothing if
dialog: not predictable.
text: Two other equally disreputable types are with him.
text: SCRAPS, leftovers from the perfect world above.
speaker_heading: SCRAP #1
dialog: (worried)
dialog: We're not ready.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: Hey guy, it doesn't really matter
dialog: if we're ready or not anymore.
dialog: Payne's got things to do, people to see. Takes off down
text: the tunnel. The other two follow. As the periscope
dialog: ducks back down ---
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: A pair of frosted doors reading S.A. and P.D. slide open
text: to the presence of Lenina Huxley. She enters into a
text: police station not of typically bustling pandemonium, but
text: shocking, softly lit tranquility. Multi-ethnic officers
text: of all shapes and sizes murmur about, monitoring screens
text: with the casualness of the staff at a new age bookstore.
text: No rush, no worries... Lenina strides past an impossible
text: PERKY DISPATCHER chirping into a high tech headset.
scene_heading: PERKY DISPATCHER
dialog: Greetings and salutations,
dialog: welcome to the emergency line of
dialog: the San Angeles Police
dialog: Department. How are you?
text: A TOUGH looking COP, sipping a vibrant green juice,
text: sidles up to Lenina. They exchange a non-touching
text: "handshake" that has them each making a circle with
text: their open palms.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Let me guess, all is serene.
speaker_heading: TOUGH COP
dialog: (with true shock)
dialog: There was a defacement of public
text: buildings. Walls smudged.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (shocked as well)
dialog: Really? Brutal. Why wasn't an
dialog: all cars notified?
text: She's cut off by her by-the-book superior, CHIEF GEORGE
speaker_heading: EARLE.
speaker_heading: CHIEF EARLE
dialog: Because there was no need to
text: create widespread panic.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Lieutenant Huxley, I monitored
dialog: your disheartening and distressing
dialog: comments to the warden this
dialog: morning. Do you actually long
dialog: for chaos and disharmony? Your
dialog: fascination with the vulgar
dialog: Twentieth Century seems to be
dialog: affecting your better judgement.
dialog: You realize you're setting a bad
dialog: example for other officers and
dialog: sworn personnel...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Thank you for the attitude
dialog: readjustment, Chief Earle. Info
dialog: assimilated.
text: Lenina turns and walks through her open office door,
text: making a face out of sight and ---
scene_heading: INT. LENINA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: -- curses almost silently under her breath as she
dialog: enters...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Sanctimonious asshole.
text: A MORALITY BOX on the wall picks it up.
speaker_heading: MORALITY BOX (V.O.)
dialog: Lenina Huxley, you are fined one
dialog: half credit for a sotto voce
dialog: violation of the verbal morality
dialog: statute.
text: Lettering appears on the face of what appears to be a
text: block of solid marble. A thin sheaf of paper slides
text: off the front with the reprimand.
dialog: The contrast between everything we have seen so far and
text: her office is staggering. Her quarters are filled with
text: framed and faded nostalgia pieces of the 20th Century.
dialog: Posters of violent movies, books, magazine covers, ad
text: signs, artworks and framed newspapers, all of a dark
text: nature. A hopelessly sweet officer, ALFREDO GARCIA,
text: sits in the middle of the room shaking his head...
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Whew... That was tense.
text: Lenina gives him a deadpan glare:
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: That was tense?? Tell me
dialog: something, Garcia, don't you get
dialog: bored codetracing perps who break
dialog: curfew and tell dirty jokes?
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Actually, I find my job deeply
dialog: fulfilling.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: I just cannot swallow the reality
dialog: of this office, Lenina Huxley.
dialog: You're still addicted to the 20th
dialog: Century high from its harshness,
text: buzzed by its brutality. Holy
dialog: smokes, is there anything in here
dialog: which doesn't violate contraband
dialog: ordinance 22?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (a sweet smile)
dialog: Just you, Alfredo Garcia. Don't
dialog: you ever want something to happen?
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Goodness. No.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: I knew you were going to say that.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: What I wouldn't give for some
dialog: action.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-PRISON - CONFERENCE AREA - DAY
text: Simon Phoenix is still fighting to shake off his
text: defrosted confusion. Locks eyes with the warden.
text: The look he gives Smithers is chilling.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Mr. Phoenix, one of our first and
dialog: most illustrious members. Let's
dialog: get this one over quick...
text: Smithers is unsettled. Phoenix is far more awake than
dialog: the norm.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Twenty-nine years ago, the parole
dialog: system...
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (echoic; no logic yet)
dialog: Twenty-nine years ago, the parole
dialog: system...
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: (firmer)
dialog: ... was rendered obsolete.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (also firmer)
dialog: ... was rendered obsolete.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Do you have something to say in
dialog: your behalf, Mr. Simon?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I thought not.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (bemused)
dialog: Yeah. Yeah, I do.
dialog: (it puzzles him,
dialog: but...)
dialog: Teddy bear.
text: With a LOUD BUZZ, the electronic MANACLES around
text: Phoenix's arms and feet fly open. Phoenix knows a good
text: thing when he sees it. Immediately panthers up for a
text: savage kick into Guard One, doubling him over. Phoenix
text: tears from Guard One's holster an air-injection syringe
text: that is filled with the luminescent blue liquid. He
text: FIRES the SYRINGE right into a charging Guard Two's
text: forehead. Turns and approaches slowly and menacingly
text: at Guard One.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: (just able to breathe
dialog: again)
dialog: How did you know the password to
dialog: the cuffs?
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (laughing with
dialog: pleasure; who cares)
dialog: I have no idea...
dialog: (then)
dialog: Simon says, too much talking from
dialog: you.
text: Phoenix smashes Guard One in the neck. Left handed.
text: Crushes his larynx. The Guard falls dying to the ground.
text: Smithers crawls over his table, breaks for the door.
text: Phoenix effortlessly latches out to his fleeing neck
text: and pulls him face-to-face as the Guards behind them
text: shiver into rigidity. Grins at him. Plucks a sharp
text: pen from the warden's pocket.
scene_heading: VIEW FROM PEEPHOLE
text: The harmless red laser again flickers across Warden
text: Smither's now bulging eyeball.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-PRISON - DAY
text: The conference area wall slides open, revealing Simon
text: Phoenix, elegantly holding the warden's detached eyeball.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Access granted, Warden William
dialog: Smithers.
text: Phoenix flicks the eye away and struts forward. The wall
text: shuts.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Thank you. And BE well.
text: Phoenix glances at the speaker. The future is fucking
dialog: weird ---
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Yeah? You too.
dialog: And he's gone...
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: A wall on the side of the station house suddenly becomes
text: translucent. A map of San Angeles filling the wall. A
text: small red dot blinking in the middle.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: (serenely;
dialog: meaninglessly)
dialog: One eight seven. One eight seven.
dialog: One eight seven...
text: She continues to drone on in the background as the scale
text: of the map decreases over and over again zooming in on
text: the Cryo-Prison. The blinking red dot remains constant.
text: The Perky Dispatcher punches 1 - 8 - 7 into a keyboard.
text: Examines the screen. Faints dead away. Falls from her
text: chair. The Tough Cop rushes over. Sees the screen. He
text: drops his juice.
speaker_heading: TOUGH COP
dialog: Oh my, oh my, oh my...
text: He's a basket case. Garcia and Lenina come into the
dialog: fray.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: What's a one eight seven?
text: Lenina shrugs. She has no idea. Runs to a nearby
text: terminal. Punches it up.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Murder-Death-Kill.
text: Punches another button. The map is replaced with an
text: image from the Cryo-Prison. Two dead guards. Warden
text: Smithers crawling painfully toward the door. It's a
text: brutal image.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: I show two stopped codes at
scene_heading: Cryo-Prison X23-1.
dialog: William Smithers, Warden. Severe
dialog: injury. Do you wish to assign a
dialog: medic?
text: The warden stops crawling. Collapses.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Update: specification deceased.
dialog: Do you wish to assign a coroner?
text: Chief Earle arrives manfully on the scene. No idea
dialog: what's up.
speaker_heading: CHIEF EARLE
dialog: What's the matter with all of you?
speaker_heading: TOUGH COP
dialog: Cryo-Prison, sir... Three non-
dialog: sanctioned life terminations...
dialog: (ready to cry)
text: Murder-Death-Kills. Three MDKs.
text: Earle sinks into a chair. Cops all over the station
text: are in severe, gasping trauma.
scene_heading: EXT. CRYO-PRISON - DAY
text: Half in a prisoner's smock and half-dressed in salvaged
text: parts of the guard's uniform, Simon Phoenix strolls outside
text: the austere prison building, crossing an unimaginably
text: perfect green lawn. Before him, in a small parking
text: area, a DOCTOR, wearing a white coat over "stylish" duds,
text: opens up his sharp user-friendly sportscar with the code
text: on the back of his hand.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Excuse me, Doctor?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Open your mouth and say 'Ahhhh!'
dialog: Simon's having a good time.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: Lenina streaks past her zombie co-workers, cool under
text: fire, to spin the main computer screen to her.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Access the Cryo-pen's morning
dialog: hearing schedule... And then give
dialog: me... wait...
text: A list of names flashes on the screen.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It's Phoenix. Simon Phoenix...
text: A grizzled African-American veteran, ZACHARY LAMB, steps
text: behind Lenina, covering traumatic memories with a stoic
text: shudder. He points to Phoenix's name on the hearing
dialog: list.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I knew him. We all knew him. He's
dialog: evil like you've only read about,
dialog: girl. He's...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Hold that thought, Zachary Lamb.
dialog: (to computer)
dialog: Simon Phoenix's code. Now.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: There are no specifications on
dialog: file for Simon Phoenix.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: L7, you're not coming down with
dialog: another virus, are you? What's
dialog: Phoenix's code!
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You don't get it, Lenina Huxley.
dialog: Phoenix isn't coded. He got
dialog: chilled back in the 20th, before
dialog: they started lojacking everybody
dialog: ... I was a rookie then... He
dialog: was a big dealer. Narcotics.
dialog: Software. Wetware. Anything.
dialog: Declared his own kingdom in South
dialog: Central L.A. M.D.K.'d whatever
dialog: got in his way. In a bad time,
dialog: he was the worst.
text: Garcia has punched up a camera view of a prone body in
dialog: the parking area.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: One stopped code in penitentiary
dialog: parking area. John Mostow,
dialog: doctor.
text: The Perky Dispatcher has come to. Begins to sob and
text: then to wail. Lenina can't concentrate. Gives the
text: Dispatcher's rolling chair a firm push, sends her
text: drifting away across the station.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Tell me, L7...
dialog: (dramatic pause)
dialog: Is the doctor's conveyance still
dialog: in the parking zone?
speaker_heading: FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
text: Doctor's vehicle has been code-
text: fixed at the corner of Hollywood
dialog: and Vine.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Glorious.
speaker_heading: CHIEF EARLE
dialog: (recovering; back on
text: his feet and taking
dialog: command)
text: Fine work. All nearby units.
text: ProtecServe Hollywood and Vine.
text: The adrenaline in the control room surges. Tears are
text: being wiped away. Justice is near.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD AND VINE - DAY
text: Phoenix twists out of the doc's car onto a completely
text: unfamiliar Hollywood and Vine. The rotating and SPEAKING
text: STREET SIGN may say so, but nothing else is recognizable.
text: Brutal-killer is briefly confused-child, as Phoenix
text: tentatively soaks in his surroundings. A TROUBLED-LOOKING
text: GUY in his twenties stands before a CompuKiosk. Half
text: phone booth, money machine, half computer terminal...
scene_heading: TROUBLED-LOOKING GUY
dialog: I dunno... Lately I just don't
dialog: feel like there's anything special
dialog: about me...
speaker_heading: MALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: You are an incredibly sensitive
dialog: man, who inspires Joy-Joy feelings
dialog: in all those around you...
text: Phoenix savagely pushes the Troubled Guy away. The kiosk
text: is an open booth with a row of large buttons, a monitor,
text: and a keyboard.
text: Phoenix curiously examines the row of buttons: Ego
dialog: Boost, Citizen Confessional, Public Psychiatrist, Atlas,
dialog: Serenity Sayings, Banking, Mail, Telephone Directory...
text: he's gotta know. Pushes the Ego Boost. Half a beat,
dialog: then --
speaker_heading: MALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: (just hearty as hell)
dialog: You look great today.
text: Simon grins.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Thanks, feel great, too...
text: The future just amuses the hell out of Simon. Phoenix
text: slams down the information button. He drops his hands
text: onto the keyboard and his fingers fly. His grin grows
text: wider and wider. His fingers stop and --
speaker_heading: MAIL COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: You have reached secure mailbox
dialog: facilities for... Simon Phoenix.
text: Information flashes by. Thomas Payne's picture,
text: rotating, life history scrolling by, maps, routes, over-
text: head and underground plans of the city. Phoenix takes it
text: all in. Light speed. No problem. His fingers fly
text: again. The screens finally end with an image of a pis-
text: tol. Rotating, exploded views, metalurgy information.
text: Phoenix exhales a confused grin.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Wonder if I can play the accordion
dialog: now too...
speaker_heading: MALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Noun: Gun. Portable firearm.
dialog: This device was widely utilized
dialog: in the urban wars of the late
dialog: 20th Century. Referred to as a
dialog: gun, a pistol, a piece...
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: I don't want a history lesson,
dialog: Hal! Where are the fucking guns?!
text: A morality BOX attached to the kiosk BUZZES.
speaker_heading: MORALITY BOX (V.O.)
dialog: You are fined one credit for
dialog: violation of the verbal morality
dialog: statute.
text: A thin sheaf of paper slides off the front with the
dialog: reprimand.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Yeah? Well fuck you twice.
text: The BOX BUZZES TWICE to his left. Two more sheets of
text: paper appear.
speaker_heading: MORALITY BOX (V.O.)
dialog: Your repeated violation of the
dialog: verbal morality statute has caused
dialog: me to notify the San Angeles
dialog: Police Department. Please remain
dialog: here for your reprimand.
text: Phoenix is ready to punch in the screen when two S.A.P.D.
text: patrol cars pull to a dramatic halt behind him.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Oooh, fuckers are fast, too.
text: Simon beats the Morality Box to it. BUZZES at it first.
text: Grins. Four cops get out. Unsheathing electronic stun
text: batons. They switch on. Blue phosphor glow...
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: Lenina and the other cops stand in front of the wall
text: monitor. It shows an angle of the scene from a building
text: corner mounted camera turret. The image pans over and
text: locks onto Phoenix as he stands at the information kiosk.
text: The police can be seen moving in. The cops in the squad
text: room begin cheering.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Chalk one up for the benevolent
dialog: ones.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD AND VINE - DAY
text: Another squad car pulls up behind. Two more cops emerge.
text: Phoenix looks casually at the six of them. The police
text: move forward, blue sparks now spitting from their
text: electrified batons. The SQUAD LEADER glances down to a
text: hand-held Strategic Apprehension Computer.
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
text: Maniac is imminent. Request
dialog: advice.
scene_heading: STRATEGIC APPREHENSION COMPUTER (V.O.)
text: With a firm tone of voice, demand
text: maniac lie down with hands behind
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
dialog: Simon Phoenix, lie down and put
dialog: your hands behind your back.
text: Phoenix lets off a laugh.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Geez gosh. Six of you. In such
dialog: tidy uniforms. I'm so scared.
text: The cops look puzzled.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Don't they have irony anymore?
text: Phoenix turns back to the terminal. His fingers fly.
dialog: Under which --
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
dialog: (hurt)
text: Maniac scoffs at us.
speaker_heading: S.A.C. (V.O.)
text: Approach, and in an even firmer
dialog: tone of voice...
text: Phoenix finishes a final keystroke. The graffiti remov-
text: ing shock poles burst from the building beside them.
text: Fires. Electrocutes and cooks one of the cops.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: The cops are stunned.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD AND VINE - DAY
text: The nearest cops approach with their stun batons. Simon
text: kills them both. It doesn't take long. He breaks a
text: neck, he spearhands a sternum, drives a jawbone into a
text: skull. It's all very graceful. Death ballet.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Sarcasm?
dialog: (turns to two
dialog: terrified cops)
dialog: Will you be staying to die, or
dialog: running away in fear?
text: They turn and run away. Simon leaps over the squad car.
text: Now he's in front of them. They freeze.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Ahhh, I didn't say running away
dialog: would help.
text: Catches up with the two of them. Kills them both.
dialog: Effortlessly. Just for variety uses a different style
text: of martial arts this time. Two more are left. They're
text: frozen. Deer in the headlights.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
text: Simon says scream.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: The cops watch in horror as the last two go down.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD AND VINE - DAY
text: Simon spots the SecurityCam. Comes towards it with a
dialog: leer.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: Despite the electronic distance, cops recoil in fear.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD AND VINE - DAY
text: Simon rips the cover plate from the camera stanchion.
text: Yanks out the transmission cables. Looks directly into
dialog: the camera. He's having a very good time.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: On the giant monitor Simon glares at them
speaker_heading: PHOENIX (V.O.)
dialog: Everybody stand!
text: Half the cops in confusion and fear do.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD AND VINE - DAY
text: Simon looks straight at the camera.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ... and the home of the...
dialog: (holds the note for
dialog: all it's worth)
dialog: ... brave.
text: Jams the spark wand in the main transmission cables.
dialog: Sign off.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: Every MONITOR in the station blows to STATIC. Huxley's
text: fingers fly.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: We've lost every camera for six
text: blocks around.
dialog: (thinking fast)
dialog: Going to Cahuenga at twelve
text: hundred millimeters.
text: On the big screen -- Cahuenga Security Cam POV. When the
text: zoom starts, we can't even see Simon, when it ends, we
text: can see him highly compressed by one of the squad cars.
text: Under the hood. Jamming the stun baton around.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: He's going for the vehicle battery
text: core. Its capacitance gel.
speaker_heading: TOUGH COP
dialog: Why's he doing that?
text: Simon finds what he's looking for. He backs off. The
text: CAR EXPLODES. Smoke everywhere. It clears. No Simon.
text: Dead silence in the station. The car still burns
text: silently on the giant screen. Lenina punches it off.
scene_heading: EXT. COCTEAU COMPLEX - DAY
text: A tall, silver needle rising from a plaza complex.
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU COMPLEX - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: DR. RAYMOND COCTEAU lectures at the end of a conference
text: table. We don't see who he's talking to. He has that
text: weird serenity of the obscenely-wealthy or a President-
dialog: Elect-far-life.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: The problem is not the defacement
dialog: of public buildings.
dialog: (turning to someone
dialog: else)
dialog: The problem is not the noise
dialog: pollution of the exploding
dialog: devices.
dialog: (turning to yet
dialog: another)
dialog: The problem is that these
dialog: hooligans who have left the
dialog: comfort of our society feel a
dialog: need to spew hostility at the
text: bosom they have relinquished.
text: We REVERSE to see, instead of chairs with people in them,
text: the table is surrounded by HDTV video monitors on
text: swiveling mounts. Each screen has the face of a San
dialog: Angeles department head and his/her sphere of responsi-
dialog: bility: PublicWorks, Orderly Conduct, Public Dietary
text: Concerns, Litter... Twelve swiveling video heads, all
text: watching and listening.
speaker_heading: PUBLICWORKS (IMAGE)
dialog: Yes, indeed.
text: The other video heads turn and nod in agreement.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: And mar they may, these halfdozen
dialog: miscreants infecting the
dialog: public consciousness with their
dialog: bile and venom. And while I am
text: saddened, truly saddened, they
dialog: have left, we cannot allow them
dialog: to impair the harmony of San
text: Angeles. They are but vandals
dialog: and Visigoths.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Forty-four years ago when Los
dialog: Angeles exploded in violenceAnger,
dialog: violenceHatred and violenceFear,
dialog: a disease had erupted... A disease
dialog: not socio-economic, but behavioral.
dialog: People had simply forgotten how
dialog: to behave... We cannot allow it
dialog: again. That time, politics, law,
dialog: even force were useless to affect
dialog: change... We have triumphed over
dialog: all of that.
dialog: The same principles of B.E.,
dialog: Behavioral Engineering, I have
dialog: applied to cryo-prison were
dialog: expanded into the design and
dialog: execution of what we now call...
dialog: (gestures proudly)
dialog: San Angeles, a city as fine as any
dialog: one of the holding facilities
dialog: I've designed. We have a
dialog: peacefulSafe, and above all,
dialog: happyhappy population.
text: The VIDEOHEADS nod and MUTTER their approval.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Even now I am positioning actions,
dialog: postulating proceedings. I expect
dialog: your trustConfidence and certitude.
speaker_heading: LITTER (IMAGE)
dialog: As always Mayor/Gov Raymond Cocteau.
text: Cocteau's assistant, ASSOCIATE BOB, comes in the room.
text: Gives Cocteau a significant look.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (to the VideoHeads)
dialog: If you will excuse me.
text: He waves dismissively at the MONITORS. The SOUND MUTES.
text: The video freezes. Bob is a large man with an oddly
text: high-pitched voice and a strangely-officious manner.
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: Mayor/Gov Raymond Cocteau, a
dialog: cryocon has effected self-release
text: from the penitentiary.
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: It is quite horrific. Murder-
dialog: Death-Kills. All categories of
dialog: chaos...
text: Bob shudders.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Enhance your calm... Enhance your
dialog: calm.
text: Cocteau gestures to the frozen video heads.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Be well them for me. Get Captain
text: Earle on the Holo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: Earle nods and shudders in front of the shimmering image
text: of Raymond Cocteau. He's really shook.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: It was just... I mean it was so...
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU COMPLEX - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Earle's image appears on all the VideoHeads.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: I want you to do everything in
dialog: your power to get this madman.
text: Cocteau clicks off the Holo. Rolls his eyes. As if
dialog: the cops have a chance against Phoenix...
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: Earle nods. He has no idea what that might entail. He
text: looks really ill.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: BE well.
text: Silence reigns. No one knows what to say. Lenina has
text: her head in her hands in shock.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: He M.D.K.'ed everyone in a six
dialog: man squad. With a Strategic
dialog: Apprehension Computer. Destroyed
text: an official government vehicle.
dialog: 'Everything in our power,' what
dialog: else is there?
text: Nobody has a clue what to do. Lenina looks up. An idea
dialog: forming --
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Zachary Lamb. How did they
dialog: apprehend this fiendish Simon
dialog: Phoenix back in the 20th?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Twelve-state manhunt... Satellite
text: surveillance... A video-bite on
dialog: 'Unsolved Mysteries'... None of
dialog: it worked. In the end, it took
text: one man. One cop. John Spartan.
text: Lenina looks at him with a pleased and spooky smile.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - LENINA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Garcia, Earle, and Lamb are huddled before Lenina's
dialog: console.
speaker_heading: ON SCREEN
text: Shot after shot of Spartan emerging from the wreckage of
text: destroyed buildings dragging his prisoners behind him.
dialog: Everytime: Wreckage, Spartan, Prisoner. Wreckage,
dialog: Spartan, Prisoner.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Are you sure this is real life?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Barely. Spartan's a legend. I
dialog: did an historical study on him
dialog: last year, which I guess none of
dialog: you swallowed. One thousand arrests
dialog: in three years. All real criminals.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: There was a lot more business
dialog: back then.
speaker_heading: MORE WRECKAGE
text: This time Spartan is marching away from a flaming, over-
text: turned police car, carrying a young girl. A TV camera
text: crew scrambles up.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER (IMAGE)
dialog: How do you reconcile the fact you
dialog: destroyed a three million dollar
text: mini-mall to rescue a girl whose
dialog: ransom was only 10,000...
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL (IMAGE)
dialog: Fuck you, lady!
speaker_heading: SPARTAN (IMAGE)
dialog: Good answer.
speaker_heading: LENINA
text: smiles at the screen --
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: This is a recommendation? Your
dialog: 'Demolition man's' an animal, a
text: muscle-bound grotesque who...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: He is clearly the man for such a
dialog: job as this. You could reinstate
text: him. He hasn't worn a shield in
dialog: over forty years. Or much else,
dialog: for that matter.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
text: He must be seventy years old by
dialog: now.
text: A smile slowly unfolds on her face. Lamb knows where
dialog: she's going as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-PRISON - MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: ON a Status panel: Cellular activity: Null. Tempera-
text: ture: .5 degree K. Lights begin to cycle. A SERVO
text: WHINES. The CAMERA MOVES TO the chamber as the autolock
text: begins to unwind. Unlock. The arm moves aside. The
text: frozen puck rises from its chamber. Spartan hasn't
dialog: moved, blinked in 40 years.
text: Two Techs in insulated suits and gloves stand on either
text: side. Both wear tiny flip-up welding goggles. The
text: first, takes out a Durameter. Tests the puck. Harder
text: than steel, a little less than a diamond.
text: Tech #2, holds a handheld Magnesium Thermite Laser.
dialog: About the size of a skill saw. For the first time we
text: notice there are six small raised half domes on top of
text: the puck. Indices. Drops the guide ring at the end of
text: the MTL over an index. Flips down his goggles.
text: Fires the MTL. The entire puck lights up white white.
dialog: We almost get the feeling Spartan can sense what's
text: going on. A burst of energy melts a small hole in side
text: of puck. We STAY ON Spartan.
speaker_heading: WIDE AGAIN
text: Tech #1 drives over a crane with a six-clawed arm.
text: Like a standing forklift. Or a gladiator... the
text: fingers drop into the laser cut holes. They raise
dialog: the puck. Carry it away.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-PRISON - DEFROSTING CHAMBER - DAY
text: The puck sits on a stainless steel podium. Completely
text: alone in a round stainless steel room.
text: Three MTL lasers begin to pulsate madly. One from above
text: cutting in, spiraling in towards Spartan. The others top
text: and bottom shaving an eighth of an inch in a tenth of a
dialog: second with each pass.
text: The puck shrinks away, the beams grow closer and closer
text: to Spartan. Just before they would hit him, the beams
text: turn blue. Steam bursts from the puck. Fills the air.
text: Obscures everything. The lasers stop. Darkness.
text: The entire chamber splits open. A room within a room.
text: Spartan rolls over limp and supple collapsing, onto his
text: back. Med Techs rush in.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-PRISON - CONFERENCE AREA - DAY
text: Lenina, Garcia, and Earle are standing at one end of a
text: long table. Gaping. Spartan sits slumped at the other
text: end of the table. Draped in a grey industrial jumpsuit.
text: Still half comatose.
text: Earle is shaking his head. He can't believe he agreed to
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: This is within the power of the
dialog: police charter, sir. He can be
dialog: released on limited parole and
text: reinstated to active duty.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: It's not enough to collect the
dialog: 90's. You have to bring them
dialog: back to life...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Cocteau said everything in our
dialog: power. I still can't think of
dialog: a better idea.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: That still doesn't mean it's a
dialog: good one.
text: They all watch warily. Spartan comes to with a start.
text: Looks up at them. Looks around quickly for any immediate
text: threat. Sees none. Tries to stand. Can't yet.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (pointing at Garcia,
dialog: the nearest;
dialog: rasping)
dialog: You...
text: A gulping Garcia creeps to Spartan. Spartan claws out,
text: ripping Garcia down to rasp...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Uh, I, uh...
text: Spartan pushes Garcia away.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: When am I?
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Uh, it's Thursday. Tomorrow's
dialog: Arbor day.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And last week you turned eighty-
dialog: four years old. Happy Birthday.
text: Huxley comes over. Clear and concisely...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Detective, I'm Lieutenant Huxley.
dialog: The year is 2042. Now the reason
dialog: you've been released...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (shaking it off)
dialog: How long have I been under?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Forty-four years.
dialog: Whoa...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (trying to focus)
dialog: I had a wife... What happened to
dialog: my wife?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Your wife's light was extinguished
dialog: in the Big One of 2010.
dialog: (off his confused
dialog: look)
dialog: Uh, she died. In an earthquake.
dialog: The earthquake.
text: This takes a moment to sink in. Then, defrosting,
text: haltingly...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: My wife and I, we had a girl. A
dialog: daughter. I made a promise.
dialog: What...
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: John Spartan, I am Chief of
dialog: Police George Earle. We did not
dialog: thaw you for a family reunion. It
dialog: is fortunate the lieutenant even
dialog: did a probe on your wife. This
dialog: is about you and a Mr. Phoenix.
dialog: A Mr. Simon Phoenix.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (fully awake)
dialog: What?
text: Huxley steps in.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: This morning Phoenix escaped from
dialog: this cryo facility. We've had
dialog: nine murder death kills so far.
dialog: We have become a society of peace,
dialog: loving and understanding. And we
dialog: are, quite frankly, not equipped
dialog: to deal with this situation.
text: He looks at her like she's nuts.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: There have been no deaths of
dialog: unnatural causes in San Angeles
dialog: in the last sixteen years.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Where???
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: The Santa Barbara, Los Angeles,
dialog: San Diego metroplex merged in
dialog: 2011. You are in the center of
dialog: what used to be Los Angeles.
text: He gets up. He's way stiff.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Great. Just great.
dialog: (then)
dialog: God, I'm so hungry. I'd kill for
text: a burrito.
text: They back off in fear.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: It's just an expression.
text: Spartan creaks his head toward Garcia, spooking him back
text: away. Spartan vigorously scratches his hand as he
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Just get me some Marlboros.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Of course. Right away. What
dialog: are...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: A cigarette.
dialog: (relinquishes his
dialog: brand loyalty)
dialog: Just get me any cigarette.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Cigarettes are not good for you
dialog: and it has been deemed that
dialog: everything that is not good for
dialog: you is bad. Hence... illegal.
dialog: Alcohol, caffeine, contact sports,
dialog: meat...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Are you shittin' me?
speaker_heading: MORALITY BOX (V.O.)
dialog: John Spartan, you are fined one
dialog: credit for a violation of verbal
dialog: morality statute 113.
text: Spartan looks at it in amazement.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What the fuck is that?
speaker_heading: MORALITY BOX (V.O.)
dialog: John Spartan, you are fined one
dialog: credit for a violation of...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (as I was saying)
dialog: Bad language, chocolate, gasoline,
dialog: uneducational toys, and anything
dialog: spicy. Abortion's also illegal,
dialog: but then again so's pregnancy if
dialog: you don't have a license.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: Caveman, let us finish all the
text: Rip Van Winkle and get moving.
text: A Mr. Phoenix has risen from the
dialog: ashes.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Uh-uh. I tracked that dirtbag
dialog: for two years, and when I finally
dialog: brought him down, they turned me
dialog: into an ice cube for my trouble.
dialog: Thanks, but no thanks.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: The conditions of your parole
dialog: are full reinstatement into the
dialog: S.A.P.D. and immediate assignment
dialog: to the apprehension of Simon
dialog: Phoenix, or you can go back into
dialog: cryo-stasis.
dialog: (then; more softly)
dialog: Not many people get a second
dialog: chance, John Spartan.
dialog: Spartan remembers. The freezer was bad, way bad. He
dialog: swallows hard and --
scene_heading: EXT. CRYO-PRISON - DAY
text: Huxley and Garcia are waiting by the police car out
text: front. Half a beat, John Spartan, now completely done
text: up in a 2042 cop uniform comes out. He feels like a
dialog: buffoon.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What am I supposed to be, a drum
dialog: major? This isn't a cop uniform.
dialog: Am I gonna lead the Rose Bowl
dialog: parade? What is all this stuff?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Direct biolink readouts for vitals,
dialog: VOX radio connect, base and inter
dialog: officer coded by rank, partner
dialog: status and case priority. And
dialog: that's the pocket for your whistle.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (God save me)
dialog: Great, in case one of the floats
dialog: gets loose I can direct traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER SAN ANGELES CITY STREET / INT. POLICE
speaker_heading: CAR - DAY
text: Spartan is stuffed into the back seat of Lenina's police
text: car. Absently scratching the back of his hand, Spartan
text: stares out his window in amazement at the shiny, happy
text: people in the happy shiny city. Meanwhile, Lenina and
text: Garcia are staring through a rearview screen at Spartan
text: with equal amazement.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: This all probably seems quasi-
dialog: strange to you.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Quasi-strange? This isn't my
dialog: city. How do you expect me to
dialog: protect it? I don't get you
dialog: people, let alone like you much...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: You come from a society in which
dialog: the average l8-year-old has
dialog: witnessed 200,000 acts of
dialog: simulated violence. In our
dialog: society the number is closer to
dialog: four. If someone off the street
dialog: was to watch the Three Stooge Men
dialog: and see the Moe-person hammer the
dialog: Curly-person, they would weep,
text: John Spartan, weep.
text: Spartan looks at her. What was that?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Myself, I'm a bit of an afficanado
dialog: of the shocking, real and fiction.
dialog: In fact, I perused many a News
dialog: Disk of you. That time you wow-
text: fully tractor-pulled the Santa
text: Monica pier into a heap of rubble
dialog: in order to snare that team of hit
dialog: men who...
text: She trails off, as she sees Spartan staring out the
text: window shaking his head, very much alienated from every-
text: thing around him.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: You seem very much alone, John
dialog: Spartan. Not everything is that
dialog: different. Perhaps you would
dialog: like to hear the oldies station.
dialog: 'Oldies.'
text: The RADIO quickly turns ON and changes stations to:
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.O.)
dialog: 'Sometimes you feel like a nut,
dialog: sometimes you don't.
dialog: Almond Joy's got nuts, Mounds
dialog: don't.
dialog: Because sometimes you feel
dialog: like a nut, sometimes you
dialog: don't.'
speaker_heading: GARCIA
text: The most popular station in town.
text: Nonstop wall-to-wall minitunes.
dialog: You called them commercials. Wow,
dialog: this is my fave...
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.O.)
dialog: 'Fat kids, skinny kids, kids who
text: climb on rocks.
dialog: Tough kids, sissy kids.'
text: Lenina and Garcia join in for a sing-a-long finish as
text: Spartan turns back to the window, eyes bulging. He
text: goes back to scratching his hand.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY/GARCIA
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Even kids with chicken pox love
dialog: hot dogs, Armour hot dogs.
dialog: The dogs... kids... love... to
dialog: bite.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Somebody put me back in the fridge.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: Emotions are still a little frayed at the station, but a
text: certain peace has returned. Lenina approaches the Tough-
text: looking Cop. They again exchange nontouching circular
text: hand spins.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: New inforama on Simon Phoenix?
speaker_heading: TOUGH COP
dialog: None... So where is John Spartan?
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: He went to the bathroom... I guess
dialog: he got all thawed out.
text: Spartan trudges through a spooked gantlet of 2042
text: officers. The Tough Cop greets him, raising his hand.
speaker_heading: TOUGH COP
dialog: Sir, I formally convey my presence.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Hi.
text: Spartan reaches out and shakes the Tough Cop's hand.
text: It's like he spit on him. The Tough Cop tries not to
text: react, but he's clearly disgusted.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: We're not used to physical contact
text: greetings.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Oh... Hey, you guys are out of
dialog: toilet paper...
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Toilet paper?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (suppressed giggle)
text: They used handfuls of wadded
dialog: paper, back in the 20th.
text: The entire station roars with laughter. Spartan stands
text: unamused.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I'm happy you're happy but in the
dialog: place where you're supposed to
dialog: have toilet paper, you have a
text: little shelf with three seashells
text: on it.
scene_heading: PERKY DISPATCHER
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: He doesn't know how to use the
dialog: three seashells!
text: The station roars again. Spartan shakes his head and
text: scratches his hand. Suddenly, the elderly Lamb comes
text: INTO VIEW. Spartan's mouth falls open.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Zach Lamb, what happened to you?!
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I got old. It happens.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (stopping, smiling)
dialog: Motherfuck. You were a snotnosed
dialog: punkass rook! Look at you.
dialog: You're fucking old!
text: The nearest Morality Box dutifully BUZZES.
speaker_heading: MORALITY BOX (V.O.)
dialog: John Spartan, you are fined three
dialog: credits for a violation...
text: Three sheets of paper come off. Spartan looks at it.
text: Grins. Walks over to the machine --
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Shit, fuck, piss, crap, damn,
dialog: bitch, bitch, damn. Fuck.
text: A whole sheaf of paper peels off. Spartan gathers it up.
text: It wads nicely.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: So much for the three seashells.
dialog: I'll be right back.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - LENINA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Spartan examines all the TechnoWonders as Lenina punches
text: up an illustration on the screen: a small, square micro-
text: chip being surgically inserted into the top of a hand.
text: It's tied into the veins and blood supply as well.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Simon Phoenix isn't coded. An
dialog: organically bioengineered microchip
dialog: was developed that could by sewn
text: into the skin. Sensors all around
dialog: the city can zero in on anyone at
dialog: any time.
speaker_heading: TOUGH COP
dialog: I can't even conceive a visual of
dialog: what you cops did before it was
dialog: developed...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: We worked for a living. This
dialog: fascist crap makes me wanna puke.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: What do you think you're
dialog: scratching, caveman?
dialog: You really surmise we'd let you
dialog: out without control? Your code
dialog: was implanted the second you
dialog: thawed.
text: Spartan seethingly contemplates his itching hand.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Why didn't you just shove a leash
dialog: up my ass?!
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: Dirty meat-eater! No matter how
dialog: Viking your era was, I cannot
dialog: digest how you ever wore a badge!
dialog: You're going back, John Spartan,
dialog: oh yes, you're going back.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Could you two please dump some
dialog: hormones? We need every cortex we
dialog: can get in this situation.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: We don't need him. Our computer
dialog: has already examined all feasible
dialog: scenarios resulting from the
dialog: appearance of Simon Phoenix and
dialog: determined he will attempt to
dialog: start up a new drug lab and form
text: a crime syndicate.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: That is correct, Chief George
dialog: Earle.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I hate to interrupt you two
dialog: lovebirds, but that's fucking
dialog: stupid. You think he wants to
dialog: build a business? Phoenix is
text: going for a gun. Plain and
dialog: simple.
text: As Spartan rages, roaming around the station, Morality
text: boxes have heart attacks keeping up with his offenses.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Phoenix is a complete meglomaniacal
dialog: fucking psychopath. And the first
dialog: thing Simon is going to want to do
dialog: is wipe the smug smiles off your
text: shiny faces.
dialog: He could just handshake your asses
dialog: to death, but who's got the
dialog: goddamn patience. Trust me, he's
text: going for a gun.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: Who cares what this primate thinks.
dialog: Resonate some understanding. The
dialog: only place a person can even view
text: a gun in this city, is at a...
dialog: museum!
scene_heading: INT. SAN ANGELES MUSEUM OF ART AND HISTORY - MAIN
speaker_heading: HALL - DAY
text: The museum is located in the Cocteau complex. Phoenix
text: wanders through a hall arrayed with displays of various
text: '80s/'90s/'00s/'10s artifacts. A Girl Scout Troop (in
text: modernly-modulated uniforms) looking down as we realize
text: that large sections of the floor of the entire museum
text: are transparent. Below is an archeological exhibit of
text: a section of the old city -- parts of buildings and
dialog: streets.
speaker_heading: MUSEUM COMPUTER BOX (V.O.)
dialog: If you care to sample what it was
dialog: like to spend a day in Los Angeles
dialog: in the Twentieth Century please
dialog: press the button.
text: One of the Scouts presses a large red button. HONKING
scene_heading: CARS, SWEARING in Spanish, GUN SHOTS, SIRENS, RAP
text: MUSIC... At the end of the hall, there's an arrow to
text: another exhibit: HALL OF VIOLENCE. Phoenix grins.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Home sweet home...
text: As he heads down the hall --
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - DAY
text: Spartan, Lenina, and Garcia stride towards Huxley's
dialog: cruiser.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: It's a hunch. Trust me on this.
dialog: It's a cop thing.
dialog: (as they get into
dialog: the car)
dialog: I'm driving.
text: Spartan gets into the driver's side. Lenina gets in the
text: passenger. A beat. They both emerge.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You're driving.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DAY
text: Chief Earle sits before the vidphone. Sweating.
text: Cocteau's scary serenity stares back at him.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU (IMAGE)
dialog: Enhance your calm, Chief.
dialog: Please, share your disquietude.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: Mayor/Gov Cocteau, we find the
dialog: branching possibility exists the
dialog: escaped cryocon, Mr. Simon Phoenix,
text: may be on his way to the Museum of
dialog: Art and History in your complex.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU (IMAGE)
dialog: What permutation lead you to this
dialog: curious conclusion? Do you expect
dialog: him to be homesick?
text: Raymond quietly enjoys his own wit.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: No. No, sir. Do you not still
dialog: have the armory exhibit
dialog: downstairs?
text: OFF Cocteau's look of quiet surprise ---
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - ARMORY ROOM - DAY
text: The exhibit begins with the crudest weapons, cavemen with
text: clubs, stone axes, arrowheads, and moves up the ladder of
dialog: history toward modern day --
text: Western Colt revolvers, an old-time gangster Tommy gun...
text: In the middle of the room is a Civil War cannon. A stack
text: of cannonballs sits next to it.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: This is the future. Where are
dialog: the fucking phaser guns?
text: He keeps moving down the line. Past the 1940s, the
text: 1980s, 1990s... And finally a weapon he doesn't recognize
text: at all. Magnetic Accelerator Gun. AcMag for short.
text: Phoenix grins.
text: Punches the glass in the exhibit. Hard. His fist
text: bounces off. It hurts. He looks around for something to
text: break it with. Nothing. Side kicks a larger expanse of
text: glass in front of another display. Almost breaks it.
text: Not quite. Growls. A MUSEUM HELPER/GUARD comes into
text: the room. Moves towards the annoyed Phoenix smiling
text: pleasantly.
speaker_heading: MUSEUM GUARD
text: Mellow greetings. What seems to
dialog: be your boggle?
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: My boggle...
dialog: (he sighs)
text: I'm at the top of the food chain,
dialog: ya know? And I would prefer to
dialog: use tools, not bruise up my hands
dialog: and feet. But I can't find
dialog: anything in this place. A rock,
text: a crowbar, any heavy object.
dialog: Tell me, whatta you weigh?
text: The Guard looks at him in total confusion. Phoenix grabs
text: him by the lapels and shot-puts him across the room into
text: the GLASS. This time it SHATTERS impressively.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Enough...
text: A very mellow ALARM GOES OFF MURMURING "PLEASE EXIT" over
text: and over. Simon begins sorting through weapons
text: available. Loads a SHOTGUN from the case. Tests it by
text: BLOWING up another display. Works just fine. The ALARM
text: changes to "PLEASE EXIT RAPIDLY." It begins to annoy
text: him. He BLOWS the loudspeaker away. BLOWS up the AcMag
text: case. Grabs the gun. There doesn't seem to be any
text: cartridges. No way to load them either. Aims, fires.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Motherfuck.
text: There's an information booth at end of the room.
text: Phoenix can't help himself. Presses the Ego Boost Button
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MUSEUM COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: That's a great looking shirt.
text: Phoenix chuckles appreciatively, presses the "?" button.
speaker_heading: MUSEUM COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, Museum Patron. Have you a
dialog: query?
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Whatsa matter with the...
dialog: (checks the name)
dialog: Magnetic Accelerator gun?
text: Graphics flicker madly on the screen.
speaker_heading: MUSEUM COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: The Magnetic Accelerator gun, the
text: last produced handheld weapon of
dialog: this millenium displaced the flow
text: of neutrons through a non-linear
text: cycloid supercooled
dialog: electromagnetic force.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: So... what? It needs new
dialog: batteries? What size? Who sells
dialog: batteries in the future? Is
dialog: there a battery store I can go to?
text: Two GUARDS appear in the doorway behind him.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: (tough-ish)
dialog: Excuse me, Museum Patron...
text: Without a second beat, Phoenix SHOTGUNS them both. In
text: the background we can hear the ALARM change "RUN.
dialog: RUN..."
text: A set of steel DOORS WHOOSH down, sealing Phoenix in.
text: Phoenix turns back to the computer as ---
speaker_heading: MUSEUM COMPUTER (V.O.)
text: The AcMag, now reactivated,
dialog: should concurrently supercool and
dialog: achieve fission in...two point
dialog: six minutes.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (looking at steel
dialog: doors)
dialog: Yeah, well, I was considering
text: leaving quickly and patience is
dialog: not one of my virtues.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Who am I kidding? I don't have
dialog: any virtues.
text: Laughs at his own wit. Grabs a shoulder bag from a
text: Vietnam era GI display. Starts loading up on weapons
text: and ammo. Kid in a toy store. Examines, discards,
text: chooses... And everything is free. He turns to the
text: Civil War cannon. And grins...
scene_heading: EXT. COCTEAU COMPLEX - MUSEUM ENTRANCE - DAY
text: The SAPD car is parked at the curb. Doors popped open.
text: Museum patrons and guards flee. Spartan, followed by
text: Huxley and Garcia, moves against the flow.
text: A cylindrical metal periscope suddenly pops up from the
text: sidewalk. As Spartan stares down at it, the periscope
text: zips back down the hole.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You see that?
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Never mind. I give up trying to
dialog: figure this place out.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: (holding out his
speaker_heading: S.A.C.)
dialog: Procedure?
speaker_heading: S.A.C. (V.O.)
dialog: Establish communication with
text: maniac intruder.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Wrong.
dialog: (he takes the S.A.C.,
dialog: smashes it to the
dialog: ground)
dialog: Hey. Luke Skywalker. Use the
dialog: Force.
text: Spartan heads for the door. Garcia has a distraught
text: moment before following. Garcia hands Spartan a stun
text: baton. It SPARKS to life.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What the hell's this?
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: It's a glow rod. It's what we
dialog: got.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Does it work?
text: Spartan casually pokes out to a nearby scared guard.
text: The guard drops like a dead weight.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Guess so.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: They've got him trapped in section
dialog: eight.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Trapped? The Maniac Intruder?
dialog: That I doubt. Oh, would you make
dialog: sure for me that nobody else is
dialog: in the building?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (understands)
dialog: Done.
text: (as she turns to the
dialog: guards)
dialog: I want a visual. Now. Every
dialog: corridor in the museum. I want
dialog: full sensors routed to me. And I
dialog: want it ninety seconds ago...
text: They start to scurry. There's a moment as he appreciates
dialog: her skill and ---
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - MAIN HALL - DAY
text: Now empty. Spartan strides along. Sparking bullshit
text: stun baton in one hand.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - ARMORY ENTRANCE - DAY
text: Spartan approaches. Can see the sealed steel doors.
text: There's an emergency release beside them.
text: Checks the stun baton. Reaching for the handle when, the
text: DOORS EXPLODE at him. Blown aside. Fire, smoke every-
text: where, a battered cannonball bouncing down the hall.
text: Spartan hurls himself through the hole in the doors.
text: Takes cover behind one of the exhibits.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - ARMORY ROOM - DAY
text: Phoenix stands behind the Civil War cannon.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (amusing himself once
dialog: again)
dialog: What can I say, I'm a blast from
dialog: the past.
text: He looks like a mad bandito. Draped in guns and ammo.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN (O.S.)
dialog: Simon Phoenix. L.A.P.D., I mean
dialog: San Angeles P.D. You're under
dialog: arrest.
dialog: Where's the voice come from? Why does it sound so
dialog: familiar?
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Nah. I don't think so.
text: Simon unleashes a BARRAGE from a TOMMY GUN draped around
text: his neck. Keeps FIRING and FIRING and FIRING. Empties
text: it. Not a very strategic move as he demolishes most of
text: the cases in the room, including the one directly over
dialog: Spartan.
text: A Beretta falls at his feet. An old police belt as well.
text: Spartan yanks out the magazine. Loads it. Collapses the
text: bullshit stun baton and tucks it away.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Hands up or I'll shoot, Simon.
dialog: (beat; to himself)
dialog: Fuck it.
text: Spartan comes up FIRING. Gets off about THREE SHOTS
text: before Phoenix STRAFES the area with a HK91. Dives for
dialog: cover.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: You were saying...
dialog: (recognition jolt)
dialog: Spartan! John Spartan! What's a
dialog: guy like you doing in a century
dialog: like this?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: My job.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Who cares? Simon says bleed.
text: Phoenix unsheathes a pair of machine PISTOLS. BLAZES
text: away. Tries the AcMag. Still nothing.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (re: the AcMag)
dialog: Come on, motherfucker.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Well, we'll do it the old-
dialog: fashioned way...
text: Dumps another load of black powder into the cannon.
text: STRAFES Spartan. Tamps the powder down. STRAFES Spartan.
text: Spartan sees a 12-gauge auto loader and a box of shells
text: across the aisle.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: So lemme get this straight -- they
dialog: defrosted you just to lassoo my
dialog: piddly ass?
text: The MAGAZINE EMPTIES. Calculating the odds, Spartan dives
text: and rolls across the aisle.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I was in the neighborhood.
dialog: He's concerned when there're no shots fired. He oughta
text: be. Phoenix drops in a cannon ball. Lights the fuse.
dialog: Aims.
text: Spartan comes up BLAZING. Lotta firepower in a 12-GAUGE
text: at close range. Phoenix has a pair of SIX-SHOOTERS. Bad
text: Day at Black Rock. CASES SHATTER. The cannon's pointed
text: straight at Spartan. Displays collapse. Phoenix
text: flattens. A mannequin falls across the cannon, pointing
text: the muzzle down.
text: Phoenix pulls out the now-fully-charged AcMag as the
text: CANNON FIRES. Right into the floor. BLOWS out one of
text: the transparent panels. The two of them collapse into
text: the floor below.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - MAIN HALL - DAY
text: Smoke everywhere.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX (O.S.)
dialog: Nice shooting, Spartan. You
dialog: killed the building.
text: The smoke clears. They're in downtown 20th Century
text: L.A. They've dropped into the archeological exhibit we
text: saw before. Spartan, shaking off the fall, finds himself
text: weaponless. Phoenix is spinning madly around, AcMag in
text: one hand, an Ingram from his shoulder bag in the other.
text: STRAFES everywhere with the INGRAM. Tosses it away.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
text: Past is over, Spartan.
dialog: (re the AcMag)
dialog: Time for something new and improved.
dialog: Like me... Now die.
text: Phoenix aims the AcMag. Completely silent. Then the
text: first OBJECT that intersects his aim simply EXPLODES.
text: Whatever it is. Phoenix laughs hysterically. Likes this
text: new toy a lot. Fires again. A working FIRE HYDRANT
text: BLOWS UP off its bolts.
text: Water is spraying everywhere. Phoenix stands in it six
text: inches deep. Spartan yanks out his stun baton, steps
text: clear, jams it in the water.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You forgot to say Simon says.
text: Spartan activates the stun baton. Phoenix is racked with
text: pain. Rattled and shaken by the charge. Involuntary
text: shudders. Yanks himself clear with a wild grin.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: What a brave new world. Sorry you
dialog: have to leave.
text: He FIRES. Spartan dives for cover. Just out of reach he
text: spots the BERETTA. Dives for it. SHOOTS back. It's
text: like a popgun compared to the AcMag. Anything but
text: survival becomes completely out of the question. Phoenix
text: FIRES ROUND AFTER ROUND. Everything he aims at just
dialog: EXPLODES. That Spartan lives through this at all is
dialog: amazing.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - REAR COURTYARD - DAY
text: Cocteau coolly walks through the freshly-landscaped
dialog: courtyard.
text: A large column of smoke rises out of a section of the
text: museum. Associate Bob frantically bobs about him.
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: I'm sure, sir, the Stress Breeder
dialog: is inside being demobilized as we
dialog: speak...
text: A BULLET WHISTLES by, barely missing Bob. He hurls
text: himself into the dirt. Cocteau turns to face a jazzed-
text: up Phoenix, still draped in weapons, the AcMag tucked in
text: his belt.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Damn, being frozen has thrown
dialog: off my aim. Don't worry, I'll
dialog: kill you with the next shot.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: I don't think so.
text: Phoenix raises a Luger to Cocteau. Something snaps.
text: Phoenix's smile turns to a grimace. His gun hand
text: quivers. He wants to kill, but he can't. Cocteau
text: folds his arms.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Ah, no kiss-kiss. No bang-bang...
dialog: And you were doing so well. Now,
dialog: don't you have a job to do? Don't
dialog: you have someone you have to kill?
text: Phoenix looks at him. Surprised and puzzled...
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Yeah, I do...
text: Spartan comes crashing out of the wreckage. Loading
text: the Beretta as he runs, a crazed scowl on his face.
text: Phoenix leaps the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM STREET - REAR COURTYARD - DAY
text: Phoenix bounds up a hill. Jumps onto the back of a
text: WHIRRING ELECTRIC TROLLEY heading by. It picks up speed.
text: He disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - REAR COURTYARD - DAY
text: Spartan takes aim - out of range. Fuck. Turns to
dialog: Cocteau.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You don't know how fucking lucky
dialog: you are that maniac didn't whack
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: No doubt whacking, whatever it
dialog: is, would be extremely bad. You
dialog: scared him away and I do not know
dialog: how to thank you. You saved my
dialog: life.
text: Spartan gives a SUSPICIOUS glance from the wall to
text: Cocteau as Cocteau leads him...
scene_heading: EXT. COCTEAU COMPLEX - MUSEUM ENTRANCE - DAY
text: The cops and passersby are in a state of shock. A column
text: of smoke still rises from somewhere in the middle of the
text: building. 2042 Fire Department vehicles arrive. A fire-
text: man jumps into a control stand atop the vehicle, pulls a
text: joystick, and the entire back of the truck lifts off,
text: unmanned drone. He guides it towards the blaze. Under
dialog: all of which --
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Not bad for an eighty-four-year-
dialog: old! Simon Phoenix knows he has
text: some competition. He's finally
dialog: matched his meat. You really
dialog: licked his ass!
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Uh, it's 'met his match.' And
dialog: 'kicked.' Kicked' his ass.
text: Cocteau takes a quivering Chief Earle aside.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: Who is this man?
text: In the b.g., Associate Bob arrives, tidily brushing
dialog: dirt off himself.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: Detective John Spartan.
text: Temporarily reinstated to the San
dialog: Angeles Police Department to
text: pursue the madman Simon Phoenix.
dialog: (ready to cry)
dialog: You told us to do everything in
dialog: our power to capture the madman.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I did. Yes. Yes, I did. I do
dialog: recall the exploits of John
dialog: Spartan. Didn't they call him...
dialog: I think it was... The Demolition
dialog: Man.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's quite all right, Chief.
dialog: Unexpected, creative, but quite
dialog: all right. BE Well.
text: Earle nods. Still terrified.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: John Spartan, welcome. So, what
dialog: do you think of our fair society?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Great, I come to the future,
dialog: Phoenix gets the ray gun, I get
text: the rusty Beretta.
text: Cocteau addresses Spartan and the entire assemblage.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: John Spartan, in honor of your
dialog: arrival, and your protection of
dialog: the sanctity of human life,
dialog: namely my own, I wish for you to
dialog: join me for dinner tonight.
dialog: (sees Huxley
dialog: at his side)
dialog: The both of you. I insist.
dialog: You must accompany me to Taco Bell.
text: Huxley looks seriously pleased and flattered. Spartan
dialog: just has no clue as to this choice of restaurants.
text: Huxley discreetly elbows him. Hard.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Uh. That'd be great.
dialog: (befuddled)
dialog: Looking forward to it...
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MAIN AREA - DUSK
dialog: Spartan is not happy --
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Wait, wait, wait.
text: Spartan is staring at a vid screen on a wall: Cocteau,
text: grinning, arms spread, his utopia behind him, and the
text: Behavioral Engineering logo.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: Spacely Sprockets here, who is now
dialog: in charge, the 'Mayor/Gov,' who
dialog: wants to take me to dinner at
dialog: Taco Bell -- though Lord knows I
dialog: wouldn't mind a burrito -- is
dialog: also one of the guys who invented
dialog: the cryoprison?!
text: Morality BOX BEEPS. Spartan casually adds the paper to
dialog: the collection in his breast pocket. Under --
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: Dr. Cocteau is the most important
dialog: man in San Angeles. He practically
dialog: created our whole way of life.
dialog: Savage!
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Well he can have it.
dialog: (choosing words)
dialog: And rather than inserting barbed
text: instruments up the rectums of
dialog: those around you, perhaps you
dialog: would care to sit on one yourself.
text: A flustered Earle gives a look to the morality box.
text: Spartan turns to another vid screen. A map of San
text: Angeles on it.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Phoenix could be anywhere, but
dialog: not having a code could hurt him.
dialog: Limits his options.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
text: Correct. Money is outmoded. All
dialog: transactions are through codes.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: So Phoenix can't buy food or a
dialog: place to crash for the night.
dialog: Pointless for him to mug anybody...
dialog: (beat; thinks)
text: Unless he rips off someone's hand.
dialog: Let's hope he doesn't figure that
dialog: one out...
text: Everyone is momentarily nauseated.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: And with all officers already
dialog: patrolling in a citywide crisis
dialog: net, it should be just a matter of
dialog: tick-tocks before...
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: And you know, we already have a
dialog: back-up plan. We can just wait
dialog: for another code to go red. When
dialog: Phoenix performs another
dialog: murderdeathkill, we'll know
dialog: exactly where to pounce...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Oh. Great plan.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Only Lenina gets the sarcasm. She and Spartan exchange a
text: look. Spartan goes back to staring at the screen.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: So where the fuck is he?
text: Spartan reaches without looking. Pockets another
dialog: warning.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN ANGELES ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Simon is behind a shiny silver building. Prying up a
dialog: grate.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: No front door, no welcome mat,
dialog: what's with these people? How
dialog: you supposed to show up and kill
dialog: somebody?
text: He loves his own jokes. Climbs down in. Starts down a
text: long ladder welded onto the side. Shuts the grate behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN ANGELES SKYLINE - NIGHT
text: The 2042 skyline glistens. Tiny cars zip along below us.
scene_heading: INT. LENINA'S POLICE CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Spartan stares in amazement at Huxley as she prattles
dialog: on...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (a touch embarrassed;
dialog: a schoolgirl crush)
dialog: I've been an enthusiast of your
text: escapades for quite some time.
dialog: I have, in fact, perused some actual
dialog: newsreels of you at the
dialog: Schwarzenegger library. The time
dialog: you drove your car through that...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: Back up. The Schwarzenegger
dialog: library...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Yes, the Schwarzenegger
dialog: Presidential Library. Wasn't he
dialog: an actor when you...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Stop... He was President?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Even though he was not born in
dialog: this country, his popularity at
dialog: the time caused the 61st Amendment
dialog: which states...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (waving her off)
dialog: I don't want to know...
text: They drive in silence for a while, Spartan staring out
text: the window at 2042 passing by.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: I keep looking around, thinking
dialog: about my daughter growing up in a
dialog: place like this. I'm afraid she's
dialog: gonna think I'm some kind of
text: disgusting primate from the past.
dialog: As much as I want to see her, I
dialog: almost don't wanna know. I'm not
dialog: gonna fit into the picture very
dialog: well.
text: Huxley reaches for the car terminal; thrilled with this
text: small mischief.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: It would be a minor misuse of
dialog: police powers but I could do a
dialog: search for you.
text: Spartan reaches over, stops her hand. Shakes his head
text: "no." There's a moment between the two of them. He
text: remembers he shouldn't touch her. Lets go. She doesn't
dialog: seem to mind.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (then; changing
dialog: subjects)
dialog: So, what's with this Cocteau guy?
dialog: He thanks me for saving his life --
dialog: which I'm not sure I did --
dialog: invites me to dinner, and where
dialog: does he take me... Taco Bell. I
dialog: mean, hey, I like Mexican but
dialog: come on...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Your tone is quasi-facetious. You
dialog: do not realize Taco Bell was the
dialog: only restaurant to survive the
dialog: Franchise Wars. All restaurants
dialog: are now Taco Bell.
text: As they pull up in front --
scene_heading: EXT. TACO BELL - NIGHT
dialog: It is unlike any Taco Bell we will ever see. Holographic
text: images hover in the air in front of the marble entrance.
text: A row of jacketed valets stands ready. One rushes up.
text: As they enter, a periscope pipe pops up, looks around,
text: disappears. No one notices it.
scene_heading: INT. TACO BELL - FRONT COUNTER AREA - NIGHT
text: Sparse, elegant and Melrose-dark. As Huxley and Spartan
text: enter a mariachi band takes their place in the corner.
text: Huxley and Spartan walk up to a sultry future version of
text: a Taco Bell order counter. Spartan is trying to
text: assimilate it all when the COUNTER-GIRL breaks the ultra-
text: cool character of the restaurant to give him a typical
text: fast food happy face.
speaker_heading: COUNTERGIRL
dialog: Hi! May I help you?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Uh, I'll take a Burrito Supreme
dialog: and a shake?
speaker_heading: COUNTERGIRL
dialog: Will that be for here or to go?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Ah. The eternal question... Here.
text: She does a perky fast food spin to the station behind
text: her and whips back a silver tray holding an ornate china
dialog: set.
speaker_heading: COUNTERGIRL
dialog: Burrito Supreme. Shake. BE well.
text: Spartan looks down to a miniscule cylinder of pressed
text: kelp topped with a dab of salsa and small sesame-seed-
text: type bits. The tiny shake is in a thimble-sized frost-
text: covered glass.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Oooh. Yum... Good thing I'm
dialog: hungry.
scene_heading: INT. TACO BELL - COCTEAU'S TABLE - NIGHT
text: The mariachi band launches into the Mexican hat dance
text: song as Spartan and Lenina, carrying their trays, are
text: escorted by a maitre d' to a table set in a secluded
text: section of the restaurant. Cocteau and Associate Bob
dialog: wait for them. Cocteau stands --
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: John Spartan, the hero of the
dialog: hour. I congratulate you.
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: Greetings and salutations, I am
dialog: Associate Bob. We met before,
dialog: ever so briefly but I was
text: groveling in fear in the humus at
dialog: the time. You have had quite the
text: exciting first day in San Angeles.
dialog: Imagine, chasing a real criminal.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: Imagine. Could someone pass the
dialog: salt?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Salt is not good for you. Hence
dialog: it is...
text: Spartan glares her quiet, pokes at his "Burrito Supreme."
text: A beat. Cocteau muses --
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: So, John Spartan, tell me, what
dialog: do you think of San Angeles, 2042?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I guess, considering the way
dialog: things were going when I went
dialog: in -- I thought the future would
text: be a sick, decaying pit of
text: suffering and hate with a thick,
text: foul stench.
text: Cocteau gloats.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: You should consider visiting New
dialog: York/Jersey after this.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: You mean nothing's changed?
text: Associate Bob roars in appreciative empty laughter.
dialog: Think Ed McMahon. Spartan looks at him. It wasn't
text: funny. Pokes at his burrito. Ugh...
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Look at you, John Spartan, pouting
dialog: for the old cheeseburger -- the
text: flesh of dying animals covered
text: with cholesterol laden butterfat.
dialog: You miss the bad old days.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yeah, maybe.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Look, I like vegetables. I even
dialog: ate tofu a couple times. But I
dialog: got to choose when I wanted it.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: You think we've gone too far? You
dialog: weren't here for the fourth and
dialog: fifth riots.
dialog: (harsh)
dialog: Civilization tried to destroy
dialog: itself. People just wanted the
dialog: madness over. And when I saw
dialog: the chance to make things right,
dialog: I grabbed it. San Angeles would
dialog: not be here. It would be your
text: pit of stench.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yeah? Maybe you can book me a
dialog: flight to New York when this is
dialog: done.
text: Lenina's shocked. Cocteau's not thrilled with his
dialog: attitude either.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: For your crimes, John Spartan,
dialog: you would have surely rotted and
dialog: died in jail by now. Even you
dialog: have to appreciate the
text: persuasively tranquil humanity of
dialog: the Cryo-Prison system...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I don't want to piss on your
dialog: parade, pal, but my 'cryo-
dialog: sentence' wasn't a sweet lullaby.
dialog: I had feelings -- I had
dialog: thoughts -- a 44 year-old bad
dialog: dream about thirty people in a
dialog: burning building -- about my wife,
text: beating her fists against an ice
dialog: bucket. It woulda been more
dialog: humane to stake me down and leave
dialog: me to the crows.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: You were awake? A person would go
dialog: insane.
text: Spartan stares out the window. Across the street he sees
text: a scragly SCRAP on a sputtery patched together motor bike
text: in front of a large food store across the street.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: I am saddened and stunned. If
dialog: there's anything I can do...
text: Spartan goes back to staring out the window. Two, three,
text: then four Scraps loitering, looking around, they've done
text: nothing yet, but to Spartan's eye it's clear they're up
dialog: to no good.
text: The food truck approaches.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Just call for back-up. I'll be
text: across the street.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: But, John Spartan, why... How,
dialog: wha...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (calling out; as he
dialog: leaves)
dialog: One of those hunch things again.
dialog: Bad guys about to do bad things...
dialog: And Spartan is gone...
scene_heading: EXT. COURT OF STORES - NIGHT
text: The court of stores are located outside the restaurant.
text: Spartan steps past the holographic images toward the food
dialog: store.
text: No one can mistake him for an exiting patron. He
text: radiates attitude. Spartan picks up his pace. The food
text: truck is just pulling in. The Motorcycle Scrap sees him.
text: REVS the BIKE in a ferocious swerve towards Spartan.
text: Spartan looks around. Beside him is a street SIGN
dialog: MURMURING "Third and Alemeda, Third and Alemeda,
text: Third..." Spartan rips it from the ground.
scene_heading: INT. TACO BELL - TABLE AREA - NIGHT
text: Lenina, and the rest of the restaurant gather at the
text: window to ooh in fear. Cocteau scowls angrily at the
dialog: Scraps.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT OF STORES - NIGHT
text: The Scrap on the motorcycle has no time to dodge as
text: Spartan stands his ground, jousts him clear out of
text: his seat. The motorcycle skids by, barely missing him,
text: hits the curb, somersaults and explodes through the
text: holograms. Spartan doesn't even flinch.
text: Still clutching the pole, Spartan makes a swift kempo-
text: swing into the three other attackers. And then, all hell
text: breaks loose.
text: EXPLOSIVE DEVICES EXPLODE the concrete inside nearby
text: stores. Scraps come pouring out. Sewer COVERS are
text: BLOWN asunder followed by chain- and nunchuck-wielding
dialog: Scraps.
text: An ALARM SCREAMS strangely and melodically. The food
text: truck is swarmed. Inside the foodstore ten, twenty,
text: thirty Scraps attack and loot. Spartan sees there's a
dialog: lot of them here. A whole lot.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Great, they brought the whole
dialog: team.
text: Three more Scraps come charging out of the store.
text: Clutching packages. They hurl EXPLOSIVE DEVICES towards
text: Spartan to make their escape.
scene_heading: INT. TACO BELL - TABLE AREA - NIGHT
text: Lenina leads a round of giddy gasps. Cocteau is not
dialog: pleased with any of this.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT OF STORES - NIGHT
text: Spartan dodges the fusillade, looks around, takes stock
text: of the whole situation. An oncoming trolley comes around
text: the corner into the complex.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Now if we can just get them to
dialog: stay and play...
text: Spartan dashes to the trolley car. He bounds up to
text: the DRIVER.
scene_heading: TROLLEY DRIVER
dialog: BE well...?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Be gone.
text: Spartan tugs the driver along with him out of the moving
text: trolley. He javelins a mighty thrust with the street
text: sign into the back wheels of the trolley.
scene_heading: INT. TACO BELL - TABLE AREA - NIGHT
text: The patrons grow dead silent in anticipation.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT OF STORES - NIGHT
text: The TROLLEY teeters into a savagely awesome derail. It
text: goes into a SQUEALING, sparking SKID right into the food
text: truck. The slamming-to-a-stop trolley neatly angles into
text: the truck trapping Scraps out front and inside.
scene_heading: INT. TACO BELL - TABLE AREA - NIGHT
text: The patrons unbridle themselves into actual cheering.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT OF STORES - NIGHT
text: Spartan bursts forth from the trolley into the melee.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You're all under arrest.
text: The Scraps freeze for a moment. This guy means business
text: in a way they've never seen before. But Spartan is dis-
text: tracted for a moment by an excited yell --
speaker_heading: SCRAP RAIDER
dialog: Protein! I've found protein!!
dialog: This doesn't sound like hardened criminals to Spartan.
text: More Scraps rush over to help him carry this booty away.
text: A SCRAP appears beside Spartan, swinging a pair of
text: nunchucks made from two knobby table legs.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: You're going to regret this for
dialog: the rest of your life. Both
text: seconds of it.
text: Nunchuck Scrap thwaps Spartan. Spartan just looks
text: annoyed, not hurt. Slams him again. Still no reaction.
text: Spartan latches onto a nunchuck in the air as it comes
text: toward him. Yanks it forward as he shoves the Scrap
text: backward into the food store window. The Scrap bounces
text: off the window like a nerf ball, not remotely cracking
text: it. Spartan frowns to himself.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Maybe I'm losing my touch.
text: Two other Scraps attack him. Spartan fends off one,
text: shotputs the other into the WINDOW, this time SHATTERING
dialog: it competely.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Better.
text: Up on the truck, Payne, under an enormous load of food,
text: appears. Takes quick stock of the situation. He sees
text: Spartan. Has no idea who this guy is, but he's trouble.
text: They exchange a look.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: We're outta here!
scene_heading: INT. TACO BELL - TABLE AREA - NIGHT
text: Cocteau smolders at the sight of Payne.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT OF STORES - NIGHT
text: The HURLED SCRAP stumbles out of the window wreckage,
text: falling to his knees. As Spartan considers what the hell
dialog: is really going on, and should he deck this guy, a bunch
text: of cans of quirky food cascade out of the Scrap's jacket.
speaker_heading: HURLED SCRAP
dialog: (genuine pleading)
dialog: Please... don't...
text: Spartan stops. Backs away. Watches oddly as the Scrap
text: escapes. He lets them go. Steps back away as the others
text: escape. They don't know why he changed his mind, but
dialog: they're not staying around to find out.
text: Huxley and the restaurant patrons rush up to give him a
text: blast of adulation. Spartan's attention stays on the
text: fleeing Scraps.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Such a reckless abandonment!
dialog: Looks like there's a new shepherd
dialog: in town!
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: 'Sheriff'... Who were those guys?
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: We call them Scraps. Voluntary
text: outcasts, they cower beneath us
text: in sewers, abandoned tunnels...
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: They're nothing but thugs and
dialog: hooligans.
text: Cocteau nods appreciatively; Bob is echoing some previous
text: statement of his. In the b.g., a team of uniformed
text: engineers are patching up a hole in the ground using a
text: set of steel planks, laser welders, giant cement spurting
dialog: pastry bags...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (to Spartan)
dialog: You are even better live than on
dialog: laserdisc. Oh, and the joyjoy
dialog: way you paused to make a glib
text: witticism before doing battle with
dialog: that strangely-weaponed Scrap it
dialog: was so, so...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Hey, this isn't the Wild West.
dialog: The Wild West wasn't even the Wild
dialog: West. Hurting people is not a
dialog: good time. Well, sometimes it
dialog: is... but not when it's just a
dialog: bunch of guys who want something
dialog: to eat. You know, I think I
dialog: liked it better when we were all
dialog: supposed to fry in a nuclear
text: holocaust.
text: Cocteau doesn't look pleased about any of this. Spartan
text: storms off. Lenina, letting out a shocked breath, gulps
text: and follows after him.
scene_heading: EXT. ADDITIONAL SAN ANGELES STREET - NIGHT
text: Huxley's cruiser glides INTO FRAME.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY (V.O.)
text: Huxley, coding off.
scene_heading: INT. LENINA'S POLICE CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Spartan watches as the steering wheel retracts into the
text: dash. Shakes his head. Everything is weird in the
dialog: future. Then --
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Hey, look, I'm sorry I yelled
dialog: before... back there.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: No need to make a dehurtful
dialog: retraction. I've assimilated
dialog: too much contraband. I fleshed
dialog: you as some blow-up-the-bad-guys-
text: with-a-happy-grin-he-man type, but
dialog: I realize now you're the moody-
dialog: troubled-past-gunslinger-who-only-
dialog: draws-when-he-must.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Huxley. Stop. I'm not any of
dialog: that... I'm nothing.
text: Touched, Lenina hands Spartan a small, unusual box.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Oh, hey, here's what you asked
dialog: for... Why do you...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Thanks. It's just a... hunch.
scene_heading: LENINA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Lenina's CAR WHIRRS up to two giant, geometric buildings.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: This is where you live?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: You, too. I have procured you a
text: domicile down the corridor from
dialog: my own.
scene_heading: INT. LENINA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
speaker_heading: HUXLEY (O.S.)
dialog: Everything is voice-coded. So if
dialog: you need something...
text: A door opens in the darkness.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: ... just ask. Lights.
text: Lights come up. The place is like one of the 50's
text: diners that never existed in the Fifties, the apartment
text: is a monstrosity -- a melange of 80's and 90's styles
dialog: never quite seen together in this way.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: What do you think? I clicked off
dialog: a lot of credits to create the
dialog: perfect 20th Century apartment.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: It's very...
text: Not sure what. Just nods at all. She beams.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Isn't it?
dialog: (then; a little
dialog: halting)
dialog: John Spartan, there is of course a
dialog: well-known and documented connection
dialog: between sex and violence. Not so
dialog: much a causal effect, but a state
text: of general neurological arousal.
text: Spartan looks at her. He has no idea what her point is.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: And after observing your behavior
dialog: and my resultant condition, I was
dialog: wondering if you would like to
dialog: have sex?
text: He had no idea that was going to be her point.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: With you?
dialog: (as she nods)
dialog: Now?
dialog: (as she nods
dialog: again)
dialog: Ahhh, ahhh, mmm, yeah.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Great.
text: She turns quickly to a cabinet and removes two strange
text: high-tech helmets and a towel. Lenina, all excited, puts
text: one of the helmets on his head and hands him the towel.
text: Flicks a switch on the side of the helmet -- read-out
text: lights come on; activated. Lenina sits upon a bed
text: opposite Spartan, and repeats the operation on herself
text: with the other helmet.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Now you have to relax. We'll
dialog: start in a few seconds.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Start what?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Having sex, of course.
text: And she flicks on the switch on her own helmet.
scene_heading: VIRTUAL REALITY WORLD
text: Lenina appears floating, a diaphanous gown blowing
text: gently about her. She floats slowly TOWARDS us, as she
text: begins to peel off and discard pieces of the gown which
text: dissolve immediately away. As she approaches nakedness...
scene_heading: INT. LENINA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A beat of open-mouthed amazement and enjoyment and then
text: Spartan tears the helmet from his head and throws down
text: his towel with a mixture of confusion and anxiety.
text: Lenina is still seated across the room.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: What's wrong? You broke contact.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Contact? I haven't even touched
dialog: you yet!
text: Lenina removes her helmet with some confusion and hurt.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: But... but I thought you wanted
dialog: to make love.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: This is like boning Ms. Pacman.
text: Lenina stands, tossing her helmet down, and faces
dialog: Spartan.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Vir-sex has been proven to
dialog: produce higher orders of
dialog: alpha waves during digitized
dialog: transference of sexual energies!
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Waddya say we just do this the
dialog: old-fashioned way?
text: She looks at him, backing away in shock and disgust.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Uuuugh. You mean... fluid transfer?!
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: Boning, doing the wild mambo,
dialog: you know...
dialog: (demonstrates)
dialog: ... the hunka chunka.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: That is no longer done!
text: Spartan looks at her like she's out of her mind.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Exchange of bodily fluids? Do
dialog: you know what that leads to?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Kids, smoking, a desire to raid
text: the fridge.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
text: The rampant exchange of bodily
dialog: fluids was one of the major reasons
dialog: for the downfall of society.
dialog: (trying to explain
dialog: calmly)
dialog: After AIDS there was NRS. After
dialog: NRS there was UBT. One of the
dialog: first things Dr. Cocteau was able
dialog: to do was outlaw and behaviorally
dialog: engineer all fluid transfer out
dialog: of societally-acceptable
dialog: behavior. Not even mouth
dialog: transfer is condoned.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: There's no kissing anymore...?
dialog: I was a good kisser...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Ughh.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What about kids?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Procreation? We go to the lab.
dialog: Fluids are purified, screened
dialog: and transferred by authorized
dialog: medical personnel only. Ugh.
dialog: Ugh...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I didn't...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: You are a savage creature. John
dialog: Spartan, I wish you to leave my
dialog: domicile now!
text: She points to the door. Stamps her foot. Some things
text: never change. He wants to explain. She stamps her foot
text: again. He leaves.
scene_heading: INT. SPARTAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: In darkness, Spartan loudly bangs into something.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: Ahh. Lights.
text: Lights come up. The place is, well, spartan. Exact
text: same shape and size as Huxley's, but stunningly sterile
text: and unwarm. Spartan tragically takes in the place,
text: pokes his head into a clinical bathroom, a bathroom with
text: no toilet paper and a strange shelf with three seashells.
text: Shakes his head.
text: Spartan's hands start to quiver toward a knitting needle
text: and a ball of red yarn. Curiously furrowing his brow,
text: Spartan plops into a strenuously uncomfortable futuristic
text: chair and begins almost unconsciously knitting the red
text: yarn. He stops himself in perplexed surprise...
text: Suddenly, a LOUD BOPPING noise fills the air. A beautiful
text: NUDE WOMAN, casually brushing her teeth, appears on a
text: vidscreen before Spartan.
speaker_heading: NUDE WOMAN (IMAGE)
dialog: Hi, Martin! I was thinki -- ohmyGod!
dialog: I'm sorry, wrong number --
text: In a panic, the Nude Woman reaches O.S. and the IMAGE
text: CLICKS off. Spartan smiles, then stops smiling. He
text: awkwardly calls out to the telescreen.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Uh, telephone directory...
speaker_heading: VIDSCREEN COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: (words appearing
dialog: simultaneously on the
dialog: screen)
dialog: Videophone directory accessed.
text: Spartan almost bails, but finally --
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (a little worried)
dialog: Do you have a number for a Katie,
dialog: I guess it's Katherine now,
dialog: Spartan? Or maybe under her
dialog: mom's name, Warren, or...
dialog: (the thought hits
dialog: him)
dialog: ... her mom might have even
text: re-remarried. But she's passed
dialog: away now...
text: Shuts up. Realizes he's been rambling.
speaker_heading: VIDSCREEN COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: (as soon as he shuts up)
dialog: Katie Spartan. No ref. Katherine
dialog: Spartan. No ref. Katherine
dialog: Warren.
dialog: (pause, pause)
dialog: No current ref.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Was there one?
speaker_heading: VIDSCREEN COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Listed offspring under Madeline
dialog: Warren through 2010. Listed
dialog: different number domicile until
dialog: 2028.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What happened then?
text: He can't believe he's having a dialogue with TV screen,
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: VIDSCREEN COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: No ref.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (dreading the answer)
dialog: Did she die?
speaker_heading: VIDSCREEN COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: No death certificate issued.
dialog: No ref.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Good thing she didn't die without
dialog: permission. Did she move?
speaker_heading: VIDSCREEN COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: No relocation license granted.
dialog: No ref.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (getting irked)
dialog: Reason for 'no ref'?
speaker_heading: VIDSCREEN COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: What number do you wish to call?
text: Hangs up on him.
text: The image blinks out, replaced by clouds and the "BE
text: WELL" slogan. An annoyed Spartan stares at the screen.
text: He picks up the strange box Lenina gave him. Inside it
text: is a stack of petite laserdiscs. Spartan sticks the
text: first laserdisc in his television.
text: A surveillance camera shot shows the image of the explo-
text: sion at the museum. Spartan pops the disc and puts
text: another in. This time the surveillance village shows
text: Cocteau and Associate Bob walking through the courtyard.
text: Then the gunshot. Then finally Spartan comes to the
text: strange face-to-face between Cocteau and Phoenix.
text: Spartan back-and-forth watches the stand~off with growing
text: fascination. He almost unconsciously reaches out to the
dialog: sewing needles and the red yarn...
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Dark. Cocteau steps in. Trailed by Associate Bob.
text: Nothing happens. He looks around wondering why.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (a little annoyed)
dialog: Lights.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX (O.S.)
dialog: Nah, I changed that. Illuminate.
text: The lights go on. Simon is behind Cocteau's desk, his feet
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Illuminate.
dialog: (they go off)
dialog: Isn't that nicer? Go 'head, you
dialog: try it.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Illuminate.
text: The lights come back on.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Raymond, bud, we need to talk.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: How'd you get in?
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: I wish I knew. Access codes,
dialog: routes to secret underground
dialog: kingdoms, the words to songs I
dialog: thought I forgot... I've been
dialog: meaning to ask you about this. I
dialog: can do almost anything. I like
dialog: this. A lot.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (starting to lose his
dialog: calm demeanor)
dialog: Your skills were given to you for
dialog: a reason. Not for your personal
dialog: amusement. Your job is to kill
dialog: this nuisance, Thomas Payne no
dialog: one else in San Angeles can
dialog: perform this simple task
dialog: anymore -- and not to allow him to
dialog: wreak any more surface harassing
dialog: havoc. And your ineptitude
dialog: allowed it to grow worse tonight.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 'Ineptitude.' Now I'd say that's
dialog: a bit of a provocative word,
dialog: Raymond. Have you ever been down
dialog: to the Wasteland? Has anyone you
dialog: know been down there?? No?
dialog: (good; then I lie madly)
dialog: Oooh. It's bad down there. Really
dialog: bad. It's a wonder I got out of
dialog: there alive. It's gonna be a big
dialog: problem.
dialog: (sorry, but...)
dialog: I'm gonna need five or six more
dialog: guys. Easy.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You gotta list? 'Cause I don't
dialog: wanna defrost no serial killers
dialog: or mad dog types.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: So you're gonna be the only mad
dialog: dog type?
dialog: For a minute we might think Phoenix is insulted. Uh uh.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
text: Exactemundo.
text: Cocteau turns to Bob.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Fine. Take care of it.
dialog: (then to Phoenix)
dialog: Just get it over with... You're
dialog: beginning to be more trouble
dialog: than you're worth.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Aww, don't say that...
text: Phoenix chuckles. Then, a little irked --
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: What the hell is Spartan doing
dialog: here, Raymond? Who invited him to
dialog: our party?
dialog: Cocteau's gotta lie about this one. Wasn't part of his
dialog: plan either.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Finish your business and I'll
text: stuff him back in the freezer.
dialog: Think of him as a guarantee.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: I took care of Spartan before,
dialog: don't worry your pointy little
dialog: head about it. Now to avoid this
dialog: ineptitude, we need these guys
dialog: thawed...
text: Cocteau nods. Yeah, whatever...
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Illuminate.
text: The lights go out again. Simon chuckles madly.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (getting aggravated)
dialog: Illuminate.
dialog: Nothing happens.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (laughing as he
dialog: disappears)
dialog: Nah, I changed it again. See ya...
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: What a distasteful fellow.
text: Cocteau just looks at him. Enough already...
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Oh shut up, Bob.
scene_heading: EXT. LENINA'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Lenina is waiting outside her car as Spartan emerges from
dialog: the building.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (all business)
dialog: Detective...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (getting in the
dialog: driver's side)
dialog: I've got to learn to do this
dialog: sometime.
text: Spartan tosses Lenina a suavely-knitted sweater of
text: familiar red yarn.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: This is for you, Huxley.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Oh, thanks...
scene_heading: INT. LENINA'S POLICE CAR - DAY
text: Lenina holds up her new sweater with a tickled blush.
text: Spartan determinedly presses buttons to get the CAR
text: HUMMING off.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: What a lovely...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I don't know what they put in my
dialog: Cryoslush, but I thaw out and the
dialog: first thing I want to do is...
dialog: knit. How come I know what a
text: zipper foot is, a shuttle, hook
dialog: and bobbin, petitpoint. I could
text: weave a throw rug right now with
dialog: my eyes closed.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: It was your rehab training. For
text: each inmate the computer draws up
dialog: a skill or trade which best suits
dialog: their genetic disposition. It
dialog: implants the knowledge and desire
dialog: to carry out whatever training
dialog: was assigned.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I'm a 'seamstress?' Seamstress.
dialog: Great. How come I come out of
dialog: cryoprison and I'm Betsy fucking
text: Ross and Phoenix comes out and he
dialog: can access computers, operate all
dialog: vehicles, find the locations of
dialog: every damn thing in the city?
dialog: (he has a thought)
dialog: Can you get me Phoenix's rehab
dialog: program?
text: Huxley punches madly away. An ACCESS DENIED sign flashes
text: on the screen, cutting her off. Lenina gets into a
text: little more furious COMPUTER playing until she gets a
text: violent BEEP.
text: A SWEET FEMALE COMPUTER VOICE CHIRPS along with
dialog: corresponding printed information.
speaker_heading: SWEET FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Phoenix, Simon. Rehabilitation
dialog: skills; Urban combatkill, torture
dialog: methodology, computer override
dialog: authorization, violent...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Who develops the rehab programs?
dialog: Attila the Hun?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (disquieted)
dialog: Cocteau Industries of course.
dialog: But why would Cocteau want to
dialog: provoke madness? He's always
dialog: been obsessed with one thing...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yeah... control. The success of
dialog: his favorite restaurants. The
dialog: end of kissing... I've gotta talk
dialog: to this asshole.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: But, John Spartan, you must be
dialog: mistaken. You can't accuse the
dialog: savior of the city of being
dialog: connected to a multi-murder-
dialog: deathkiller like Simon Phoenix.
dialog: It's... rude.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I'll be subtle. I'm good at
dialog: subtle.
text: Lenina looks anything but reassured.
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU COMPLEX - COCTEAU'S LOBBY - DAY
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: I am ever so sorry, John Spartan,
dialog: but Dr. Raymond Cocteau is not
dialog: here for your unannounced visit.
dialog: I don't think I can access him at
dialog: this time.
text: Spartan grabs him by the throat. Pulls him inches away
text: from his own face.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Think again.
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: (choked)
dialog: I'll give it my utmost efforts,
dialog: sir.
text: Spartan shoves him back. Bob drops to a keyboard. His
text: fingers fly madly.
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: Oh wonder of wonders, I have him
dialog: on FiberOp in the conference
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU COMPLEX - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Cocteau appears on a dozen swiveling VideoHeads.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (condescending)
dialog: Mellow apologies for my lack of
dialog: physical disposition, Detective,
dialog: but I do have an entire city/gov
dialog: to run.
text: Spartan wastes no time with pleasantries.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Run this. You programmed
dialog: Phoenix's rehab to turn him into
dialog: a terrorist. Now that you wussed
dialog: out this entire society in a
dialog: tribute to yourself you needed
dialog: Phoenix to handle the cast-offs
dialog: who wouldn't listen to your
dialog: bullshit.
text: Huxley cringes. The MORALITY BOX BEEPS. Cocteau stares
text: at him with that weird hypnotic serenity.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Phoenix's rehab. Now.
text: Half the screens scroll into Phoenix's rehab file. This
dialog: time completely innocuous:
speaker_heading: SWEET FEMALE COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Phoenix, Simon. Rehabilitation
dialog: skills; Decorative Gardening,
dialog: Retail Floral Arrangements...
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: What are you speaking of, Detective?
dialog: My only interest in Simon Phoenix
dialog: was in that of the creation of an
dialog: expert Florist.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Florist? Phoenix wouldn't know a
text: prickly pear from a pair of pricks.
text: Spartan yanks out the Beretta. Associate Bob backs
text: away while glancing furtively at a closed door. BLAM.
text: BLAM. BLAM. Shoots out three of the screens.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Try again.
text: Even on video, Cocteau flinches visibly.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Outside the museum, why didn't he
dialog: blow your brains out? I saw the
dialog: security disc. Phoenix had a
dialog: full ten seconds to think about
dialog: where to put the hole in your
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (a little shook)
dialog: John Spartan, this display of
dialog: barbaric behavior was not
dialog: acceptable even in your time.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yeah. But it worked.
text: BLAM. BLAM. BLAM. Shoots out three more. Associate
text: Bob faints dead away.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: When a man like Phoenix has a
dialog: gun to your head, ten seconds
dialog: is nine and a half seconds longer
dialog: than you live.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (on the vid screen)
dialog: Not everyone is as eager as you
dialog: to resort to violence to solve
dialog: all the difficulties in life.
dialog: Even now I am beginning to wonder
dialog: if the fracas in the museum was
dialog: the result of Mr. Phoenix's
dialog: presence or your own.
text: The Beretta appears next to Cocteau's head onscreen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU'S COMPLEX - COCTEAU'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Cocteau is in a corner of the room in front of a private
text: Vidhead. Spartan stands with Beretta pointed directly
text: at him. Nonetheless, Cocteau remains his arrogant self.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Wonder about this, shithead. You
dialog: think you can control this guy?
dialog: Trust me... you can't.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (a beat; unfazed)
dialog: Is there something specific you plan
dialog: to do with that archaic device?
text: Spartan's not going to shoot him; lowers the gun.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Now, John Spartan, do you not query
dialog: yourself that this misplaced
dialog: hostility is the result of your
dialog: transference of self hatred and
dialog: personal loathing?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: Perhaps you blame me for my role
dialog: in the progenation of the cryo
dialog: process. That does not relieve
dialog: you of your burden of
dialog: responsibility for the commitment
dialog: of your initial crimes.
text: Spartan looks at him a long time.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Huxley visibly recoils. The morality box BRAAAPS. It
text: never gets any further. Spartan shoots it without a
text: look, dead center. His eyes never leave Cocteau.
scene_heading: EXT. TACO BELL/COURT OF STORES - DUSK
text: The scene of the Scraps' food truck attack. As, ON THE
text: CUT, Spartan wrenches off one of the steel planks. It
text: splits open with RUSH of AIR. Earle had no idea how to
dialog: stop Spartan, but he tries --
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: Please cease this madness,
dialog: enhance your calm, John Spartan.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I've had it with enhancing my
dialog: calm. I'm going to find Phoenix
text: and enhance his calm instead.
dialog: I'm the only one here who can
dialog: handle this situation.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: How will you accomplish this,
dialog: John Spartan?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I'm going to blow his fucking
text: head off.
text: Spartan wrenches away another plank. The others back off
text: in fear. It's like he's opening up the mouth to hell.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: John Spartan, even if Simon
dialog: Phoenix was programmed to escape,
dialog: extinguish life and steal
dialog: contraband weapons -- by forces
dialog: known or unknown -- pray tell why
dialog: are you proceeding to the depths
dialog: of Wasteland?
text: Spartan wrenches off another plank. Now the hole is big
text: enough to enter. A set of rungs can be discerned.
text: Stops, looks at Earle. How can they all not get it?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: The reason the citywide manhunt
dialog: didn't work was because Phoenix
dialog: was down in the one place you A,
dialog: can't monitor, B, are afraid to
dialog: visit, and C don't give a shit
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: (then; braver)
dialog: Whether Phoenix is down there or
dialog: not, you just can't drop in.
dialog: Resonate some understanding, the
text: Wasteland is filled with thugs
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Hooligans, I know. We might
dialog: never come back.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: Yeah. You might like it down
dialog: there.
text: Spartan looks at him with a grin.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You made a joke. There's hope
dialog: after all.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hey, how bad could it be...
dialog: Nobody has a clue. It could be really bad.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Look, you two don't have to do
dialog: this. I can handle Phoenix.
text: Huxley checks her stun baton and lights up a lightwand,
text: (a hand-held flashlight device) and follows him in.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (Eastwood tough)
dialog: Hey, come on, let's go blow this
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: That's 'blow this guy away.'
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Whatever.
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - OMINOUS TUNNEL - DUSK
text: Spartan, Lenina, and Garcia all carry lightwands and stun
text: batons, treading forward through a wide sewer tunnel.
text: WIND WHISTLES by. A beat, then Garcia nervously sings...
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: 'My dog's better than your dog.
dialog: My dog's better than yours...
dialog: My dog's better cause he...'
dialog: (to Spartan)
dialog: Sorry, when I'm nervous, I...
dialog: Sorry.
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - LENGTH OF PIPE - DUSK
text: The trio creeps into an ornate piece of piping. Lenina
text: gasps at what she sees before her... They spill out
dialog: into --
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - UNDERGROUND STREET - NIGHT
text: They are in the Wasteland which is surprisingly busy and
text: crowded. People living in tents, lean-tos, whatever
dialog: their ingenuity can provide. Think Third World refugee
text: camp underground, a souk. Marketplaces, food stalls...
text: The underbelly of the city lit from above by strand after
text: strand of bulbs in construction cages and other fortui-
text: tously salvaged lights, revealing odd tunnels of
text: indeterminate former usage, abandoned subway platforms,
text: natural caverns, a cutway of fifty years of sanitary
text: landfill, the striations of decades of now useful trash
text: being harvested. Giant belt driven ventilation fans
text: whirl in enormous airshafts overhead.
text: The three move along taking in the curious but
text: unfrightened glances. More than one person recognizes
dialog: Spartan from the battle the night before. You can feel
text: the buzz work down the street.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Thugs and hooligans, huh?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: I had no idea... we've always been
dialog: told the only people down here were
dialog: savages, who wanted only to...
text: Spartan, Lenina, and Garcia find themselves starting to
text: sniff the air. Spartan grins, while the others look
text: ready to vomit.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: What is that emanation?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Oh, yeah, oh yeah...
text: The trio drifts toward a large, square hole in the sewer
text: wall in front of which a smiling OLD WOMAN is smoking up
text: some meat and tortillas on a makeshift grill. Other
text: Scraps sit in the space square behind, smoking cigarettes
text: and eating on ratty armchairs between shabby travel
dialog: posters.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Thank God, a real burrito...
text: Smokes.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: I think I'm going to...
text: Salivating, Spartan silences Lenina by taking off her
text: watch and giving it to the woman. He snatches up a
text: burrito and a cigarette.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (to Garcia)
dialog: Buenos dias, senor....
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Uh, no thank you...
text: Spartan methodically switches back and forth from eating
text: and smoking like a machine.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Best damn burritos I ever had.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Just don't ask where the meat
dialog: comes from.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Did you see any cows down here,
dialog: Detective?
text: Spartan's got one bite left. Turns to the old woman --
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Que esta esso carne?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Esta carne de rodentia.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Rat burritos. I'm eating a rat
text: burrito.
text: Spartan thinks about it. Eats the last bite.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: And it was good. Damn fine salsa
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Gracias, Senor.
text: Huxley is nauseous.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Oh my...
text: They turn and walk on. Ignoring the very disreptuable
text: looking cantina tucked into a carved out section of
text: landfill. As they go by, we PUSH IN with a seedy-
dialog: looking patron to find --
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - BAR
dialog: It's as low life a place there is down here. It's
text: further dragged down by the presence, in the furthest
text: back, darkest corner, of Simon Phoenix and Six Cryocons,
text: freshly defrosted and each the size of a major appliance,
scene_heading: ALBERT, BEPPO, CHARLIE, DANZIG, ELVIN and FRANCIS. All
text: a little groggy. Phoenix, very execu-criminal, sits at
text: the head of the raggedy bar table.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Gentlemen, let's review. It's
dialog: 2042. That's two oh four two, as
dialog: in the Twenty-First Century. The
dialog: world is a pussy-whipped Disney
dialog: Channel version of itself and all
dialog: we gotta do to run the whole place
dialog: is kill this guy, named Raymond,
dialog: who put it all together. Then
dialog: as an added bonus, you get to kill
dialog: the man who put most of us in the
dialog: freezer, your pal and mine, John
dialog: Spartan.
dialog: (this goes over big;
dialog: now for the plan)
dialog: We can rape, loot, pillage, all
dialog: the fun things you remember.
dialog: This place is gonna be like a
dialog: theme park, but with our kinda
dialog: themes. Let's get busy.
speaker_heading: BEPPO
dialog: (fixated on this
dialog: previous point)
dialog: We get to kill John Spartan?
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (knows his clientele)
dialog: Over and over and over, if you'd
dialog: like.
dialog: Beppo does like. Nods. Sounds like a good plan to
text: everyone else as well.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (throwing back his
dialog: drink)
dialog: Salud.
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - LARGE CAVERN - NIGHT
text: Spartan, Huxley and Garcia step in. A meeting place
text: of sorts. A machine shop. Off to one side, a giant
text: belt driven machine shop out of 1900, taking its power
text: from a water wheel, attached to an enormous transmission
text: spinning furiously. Mechanics fix and combine various
text: vehicles into working fashion. Blow torches, bellows.
text: Another flume feeds a wildly churning wheel running the
dialog: fans.
text: We can see stalls and houses around the rim. Out of date
text: cars are being used as homes. Spartan takes it all in.
text: His eye catches a bright red 1969 Pontiac GTO beside the
text: machine shop. He's drawn to it in admiration, Huxley and
text: Garcia in his wake.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: Nice... A 1969 Pontiac LeMans GTO
text: convertible with rear spoiler and
dialog: hot wheel mags... Seriously beyond
dialog: the standard package.
text: A very large caliber revolver appears alongside Spartan's
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: So are these. Why don't you put
text: down the glow rods.
text: Spartan does. The man with the gun is Payne. Six other
text: SCRAP TOUGHS have the drop on Lenina and Garcia with
text: giant crude shotguns. One of them wears a familiar
text: periscope around his neck.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: Your friends too.
dialog: (they do)
dialog: You got ball balls, cop, coming down
dialog: here after the show you put on...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (tough as she can)
dialog: We're looking for a MurderDeath
dialog: Killer... Can you help? Or just
dialog: bully us with these primitive
dialog: weapons?
text: Spartan shakes his head in disbelief. Payne shifts his
text: aim. FIRES. Blows a hole in the side of an abandoned
text: car the size of a grapefruit.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Well, maybe they're not so
dialog: primitive.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: Not funny, not smart. What do
dialog: you want, cop?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I got a few questions.
text: Payne COCKS his PISTOL, aims at Spartan.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: But if it's a bad time we could
dialog: come back later.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: It's always a bad time down here
dialog: for questions.
speaker_heading: TOUGH SCRAP
dialog: You've got no business down here.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Who are all you people? And why
dialog: are you down here?
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: What's it to you? What the hell
dialog: do you care?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Look, I'm not from here. Well, I
dialog: am from here, but I'm not from
dialog: Now. And for all I can see, this
dialog: whole place is as fucked up as
dialog: where I'm from... I'd just kinda
dialog: like to know what's going on.
text: Spartan still waits. A crowd begins to grow. Payne,
text: despite the fact that he's the guy with the gun, decides
dialog: to answer.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: Some of us didn't tow the line.
dialog: Some of us didn't make the grade.
text: Spartan stares past Payne to wild pieces of graffiti on
text: a wall behind him that includes "I HATE SAN ANGELES and
dialog: SUCK MY COCTEAU!"
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: And some of us just got tired of
dialog: being told what to do...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Guess you people weren't part of
dialog: the Cocteau plan.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: Man, this is the Cocteau plan.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Next time you go shopping, I'm
dialog: not going to be in your way...
dialog: (then)
dialog: Listen, when the laws are wrong,
dialog: men have to take it upon
dialog: themselves to change them.
text: Payne stares at him. Spartan's sincere. Payne lets his
text: gun drop. The others follow.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: John Spartan, you must uphold the
dialog: law.
text: A good-looking woman of about fifty looks up from the
text: edge of the crowd with sudden interest at the mention of
dialog: Spartan's name.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: It's the old story, give up a
dialog: little freedom for a little
dialog: safety and soon you have no
dialog: freedom and no safety.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: You're a pretty wise man.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Nah, I'm just fifty years out of
dialog: date. But I do have another
dialog: question.
dialog: (off Payne's tacit
dialog: approval)
dialog: We're looking for a guy. Black
dialog: skin, white hair, one blue eye,
dialog: bad attitude. He's from my time,
dialog: and if I don't find him, we're
dialog: all in trouble.
text: Payne hasn't. Looks to the others.
speaker_heading: TOUGH SCRAP
dialog: (nods to Payne)
dialog: Scoped him yesterday.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: You were right...
scene_heading: VIEW FROM DISTANCE
text: Suddenly, the viewer is pulled out for a long view of
dialog: Spartan talking to Payne. Then one, two, three, four,
text: five, six bodies step INTO the F.G. Simon and his goons
text: walking down the street.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: can't believe his good luck. He chuckles.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: You know, I musta done something
dialog: right in a previous life.
dialog: (thinks; this seems
dialog: really unlikely)
dialog: Don't know what that coulda been...
text: He turns and quietly starts dispensing instructions to
text: the cryocons.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: The woman who looked up with such interest, steps over
dialog: closer. She's got to know.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: John Spartan? The Demolition Man?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (surprised; looks at
dialog: this older woman)
dialog: Do I know you?
text: She's shaken, a tear rolls down her cheek. She brushes
text: it away. Doesn't know how to react... Neither does he
dialog: as --
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: You did. I'm your daughter.
text: He wraps his arms around her, she him as well.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Katie, my little Katie...
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Little Kate, I'm older than you...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You'll always be my little girl,
dialog: I don't care how old you are.
dialog: (steps back)
dialog: God, Katie. You're all grown up.
dialog: I missed your whole life. I
dialog: missed everything.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Mom and I always talked about
dialog: you. I always hoped I would see
dialog: you one day. I knew I would.
text: He holds her at arm's length admiring her. Then ---
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Tell me everything. I want to
dialog: know everything about you...
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: (laughing; it's fifty
dialog: years)
dialog: Everything? All at once?
text: Spartan's grin, though it seems impossible, gets wider.
text: He kisses her on the forehead. Holds her back out at
text: arm's length, just looking at her with this great big
dialog: smile...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yes. Absolutely everything.
dialog: Start where I left off. You were
dialog: six...
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Spartan.
dialog: Spartan's busy.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Spartan...
dialog: (as Spartan ignores
dialog: him; still busy)
dialog: Spar...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What!
text: Garcia can only point: Simon Phoenix, forty feet away,
text: giant grin, AcMag in hand, taking aim.
text: Spartan hurls Katherine to the ground, with himself as a
dialog: shield as ---
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Get down!!!
text: Huxley, Garcia, and the Scraps who have a clue dive as
text: the ACMAG FIRES with the resulting tremendous EXPLOSION.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Spartan, buddy, I brought some
dialog: old friends.
text: The Cryocons OPEN UP with all manner of WEAPONRY on the
text: crowd. Mayhem and slaughter. Huxley and Garcia have
text: taken cover as well. Their stun batons look exceedingly
text: useless. Spartan is momentarily trapped under a
text: collapsed beam. Doesn't last long. Growls. Hurls it
text: aside. Comes up FIRING with the BERETTA.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Stay down!
text: Phoenix FIRES again. The AcMag round barely misses them.
text: Spartan's blasted brutally by the EXPLOSION. Stays on his
text: feet. Keeps FIRING. Albert goes down. He's not going
text: to get back up again. Payne rises to his feet FIRING a
text: giant REVOLVER. The other armed Scraps follow his lead.
text: Another AcMag ROUND GOES OFF. The lights dim. Spartan
text: sprints for where he last saw Phoenix.
text: Spartan can hear Phoenix CLATTERING off up a culvert
text: behind him. He bolts up after him.
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - CULVERT - NIGHT
text: It forks upwards. Sixty degree incline. Flattens out.
text: Splits again. Spartan halts, listens. Follows the
text: FOOTSTEPS. Same trick works backwards, as Phoenix stops
text: dead, hears Spartan COMING. FIRES the ACMAG. Misses as
text: Spartan is just about to round a bend into range.
text: The CULVERT itself EXPLODES, blowing shrapnel everywhere.
text: Fifteen feet of it are gone. It's an ugly, ugly jump.
text: Two hundred feet down and no room to miss. Off to one
text: side, one of the fans spins madly. Spartan leaps. Hits
text: the other side, grasping at shards of metal. Pulls
text: himself in. It heads back up.
text: Spartan ascends. Up. Up. Now almost, and then
text: completely vertical. He climbs spread-eagled after
dialog: Simon.
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - CROSS PIPE - NIGHT
text: The pipe "T"s at the top. Spartan mantles up as Phoenix
text: CLATTERS off. Down below in the pipe, the sound of
text: SOMEONE ELSE FOLLOWING as well. A gasketed porthole
text: glints beside Spartan, he slams it open. Looking down,
text: he is a hundred yards above the cavern floor. Beside
text: him the chain arcing up from the machine shop below
text: ratchets around a joint and heads off into the darkness
text: in the direction Phoenix has fled.
text: Half a beat. Spartan reaches out, way out, and just
text: manages to snag the chain. Hauls madly. CHAIN CLATTERS
text: and CLATTERS. Half a beat. A long, low RUMBLE.
text: Phoenix stops a moment, wondering what the hell it is. A
text: giant blast of water tidals through the pipe. The AcMag
text: is swept away.
text: Spartan looks up to see Phoenix and a wall of water
text: headed his way.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Oh shit.
text: Simon smashes into him. The two are swept along. The
text: force blows them off the side.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Just go with the flow, Spartan.
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND CORRUGATED CONDUIT - NIGHT
text: Spartan and Phoenix are carried along by the water into
text: an aqueduct. Phoenix heaves himself over the side.
text: Spartan follows.
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - LARGE CAVERN/SUPPORT GRID - NIGHT
text: Every Scrap can see. The two hang on a suspension grid
text: of an old rusty rebar, directly over one of the WHIRRING
text: VENTILATOR FANS. It's not meant to take any weight.
text: Slippery as hell from the spray above. The REBAR CREAKS
text: and MOANS.
text: No one dares move. Below, Charlie lies dead. No other
text: cryocons can be seen.
text: Spartan and Phoenix scrabble madly, yet in slow motion
dialog: as not to break the old joints as they stay on. Hand
text: over hand, Phoenix makes his way along as ---
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Hey, since we're just hanging out,
dialog: I have to tell you something --
dialog: remember those muni passengers
dialog: you blew to pieces trying to
dialog: catch me...? They were already
dialog: dead, pal, before you even
text: touched the building. Cold as
dialog: Haagen Dazs.
dialog: (Simon grins his
dialog: scary grin)
dialog: See ya...
text: Simon swings himself back and forth, gaining momentum.
text: The rebar's about to give as he launches himself out
text: into space, just clearing the fan. A wild twisting
text: fall ending in a CLANGOROUS landing through three levels
dialog: of Scrap lean-tos.
text: Spartan feels the rebar starting to fail around him. As
text: he tries to haul himself up, it just gives way more. The
text: whole fan structure is giving way. BITS of METAL fall,
text: hit the fan and are sent CLANGING off into space.
text: And then... it gets worse. A NOISE from above. Beppo
text: appears. Hangs from a firm support. He begins to stomp
text: on Spartan's fingers. Laughing wildly.
text: Spartan moves, he stomps them again. Spartan moves
text: again, but this time seeing a heavier piece of rebar
text: nearby. Snags it. And as Beppo's foot comes down again,
text: grabs it. Hauls. Beppo starts to scream. His grip
text: comes loose on the wet bar above. Screams past Spartan
text: as he falls. There's a tremendous CUISINART SOUND.
text: Blood flies up past Spartan as he climbs up to safety.
text: He moves down the grid past the fan. Sees below as
text: Phoenix scrambles to his feet, starts to run. Spartan
text: doesn't want to do it. No choice. Growls. Leaps.
text: Falls. Falls. Falls. Smashes into a garbage heap.
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - LARGE CAVERN - FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Simon pounds a rushing up Garcia unconscious in a single
text: blow. Recovers and empties a TOMMY GUN at the crowd.
text: Scraps crawl for cover. Payne and two others FIRE back.
text: Phoenix disappears. Spartan blitzkriegs out of the
text: refuse. Crazed.
text: Spartan stampedes away.
scene_heading: INT. WASTELAND - UNDERGROUND STREET - NIGHT
text: Knocked to the ground before her burrito stand, the Old
text: Woman points inside the square room.
text: Spartan comes in low, gun out, ready to fire. No one
text: there. Spartan pivots into the square space, looking all
text: around. Then up. An open trapdoor. Spartan peers in.
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR SHAFT
text: A humongous steelwalled vertical shaft which rises up
text: into the blackness. The Old Woman's cubbyhole is really
text: a huge freight elevator. Phoenix is climbing up a cable
text: with speedy precision.
scene_heading: BURRITO JOINT
text: Spartan drops down with a gleam.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
text: There's an elevator shaft on top
dialog: of this place...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Then does that mean this place
dialog: is...
text: Spartan looks around, tearing old travel posters off the
text: wall. Reveals a panel. Large up/down handle.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Going up?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (looking off; with a
dialog: sudden grin)
dialog: Momentito, Senorita Huxley.
scene_heading: INT. 2042 GM DEALERSHIP - NIGHT
text: Shoppers wander about admiring the cars. Half a beat.
text: The ELEVATOR can be heard SCREECHING upward. And then a
text: CRUNCHING stop. The floor begins to buckle. Customers
text: flee in terror. The VROOM of an ENGINE can be heard.
text: The FLOOR CRACKS asunder. The freight elevator emerges.
text: A 2042 model is tossed aside as the elevator rises from
dialog: the floor.
text: The Wasteland Pontiac GTO convertible is jamparked in
text: burrito joint crunching the place's chairs in a heap.
text: Driver Spartan REVS the ENGINE as passenger Lenina
text: shudders about what is to happen next.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Vaya con dios.
text: Spartan drops the GTO into gear. ROARS the CAR straight
text: out the front window of the dealership.
scene_heading: EXT. TACO BELL - COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: A maintenance hatch in the ground rises open. Phoenix
text: scrambles out. Exhausted, greasy, dripping with sweat.
text: At the far end of the courtyard, he sees ---
text: Lamb keeping watch on the entrance. A giant puff of
text: smoke has come billowing out. Lamb looks seriously
text: concerned. And at the same time kinda pleased.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yeah, the Demo Man is back.
text: Lamb bends over to look. As he does, we see a figure
text: approaching from behind. Simon Phoenix.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: So am I. Rookie.
text: Phoenix digs out a .22. SHOOTS him repeatedly in the
dialog: stomach.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Phoenix... you're still... one
text: ugly sonofabitch.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: You shouldn't have said that, now
dialog: I'm going to have to kill you...
dialog: Ah damn, I forgot, I already did.
text: Lamb drops to the ground.
speaker_heading: PONTIAC GTO
text: Tears along, divoting up the pristine 2042 green, the
text: car flinging a solar tower in its path to the ground,
text: generally leaving trouble in its wake. Spartan sees,
text: in the extreme distance, Phoenix dashing from Lamb's
text: crumpled body and the stolen police car pulling away.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Lamb!
text: Spartan GUNS the GTO, SCREAMS it across, SKIDS to a halt.
text: Leaps out. It's too late. Lamb is dead. There's a half
text: a beat with his dead friend.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: I empathize with your loss.
text: Spartan looks up and growls. Strides to the GTO. Huxley
text: jumps in beside. He floors it. Huxley's head flies back
text: against her seat. The GTO THUNDERS out onto a shiny new
text: San Angeles boulevard.
scene_heading: EXT. SOME OTHER SAN ANGELES STREET - NIGHT
text: The GTO CRUSHES a computer kiosk as it ROARS onto the
text: street, aggressively PLOWING through the gentle user-
text: friendly cars on the road in its terrifying pursuit of
text: Phoenix and Lamb's stolen police car.
text: Spartan FIRES out the window at the wildly fishtailing
text: Phoenix, but the angle's just wrong. Can't see and
dialog: drive and aim.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Fuck it.
text: Pulls the gun back in. One hand on the wheel, Spartan
text: straight-arms the Beretta and aims through his own wind-
text: shield. It's like a video game. Phoenix's fishtailing
text: brings him into the sights. Spartan FIRES. His own
text: windshield SHATTERS. Blows into glass pebbles all
text: around them.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: The bullet rips against Phoenix's neck.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Motherfucker!
text: Phoenix FIRES a wild salvo back emptying three or four
text: different handguns. SHATTERING the grill, BLOWING out
text: what remains of the glass in the GTO.
scene_heading: EXT. SOME OTHER SAN ANGELES STREET - NIGHT
text: Spartan FIRES two rounds at each of Phoenix's rear tires,
text: cleanly puncturing each. The car swerves and fishtails.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: Phoenix struggles to control the car.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Auto-inflate!
text: Suddenly the two TIRES reinflate with a WHOOSH and the
text: car is back on a straight course.
scene_heading: INT. GTO - NIGHT
text: Spartan grunts in frustration.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Damn! Take over!
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: What?!
text: Spartan yanks her into the driver's seat and rises,
text: standing out through the missing windshield. Huxley
text: barely holds onto the steering wheel and the car wildly
text: swerves.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Drive!
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: So what, I just push this pedal...
scene_heading: EXT. SOME OTHER SAN ANGELES STREET - NIGHT
text: She FLOORS the GAS and the GTO BURNS RUBBER, PEELING down
text: the street. Spartan is thrown back against the roof of
text: the car, manages to hang on. He opens FIRE on Phoenix's
text: car. Perforating it, blowing off side mirrors, generally
text: making a mess of it as Phoenix weaves wildly back and
text: forth trying to shake them off.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: Phoenix looks in the rearview and clicks into a means-
text: business mode.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Computer: velocity control
dialog: override!
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: State the nature of the emergency.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Arson.
text: (as car picks up a
dialog: little speed)
dialog: Armed robbery!
dialog: (as more speed; not
dialog: enough)
dialog: No, it's murder! An entire
text: family is being robbed in a
dialog: burning building and they're all
dialog: getting killed.
text: The car SCREECHES its TIRES in acceleration.
scene_heading: INT. GTO - NIGHT
text: Spartan watches the car jet ahead at an amazing clip.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: He's accessed velocity override!
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Don't worry. Punch it.
scene_heading: EXT. SOME OTHER SAN ANGELES STREET - NIGHT
text: Lenina really GUNS the GTO and races up on Phoenix's
text: rear. Spartan teeters out of the car to get a clear
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Whoa, whoa, slow down!
text: But Lenina rams the car. Spartan flies off the GTO and
text: lands on the back of Phoenix's car. The BERETTA flies
text: from his grasp. CLATTERS away on the road behind.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: Phoenix turns around to see Spartan hanging on. He
text: shoves a MACHINE PISTOL out his open side window and
text: FIRES back at Spartan.
scene_heading: EXT. SOME OTHER SAN ANGELES STREET - NIGHT
text: Spartan ducks back from Phoenix's stream of bullets.
text: Smashes the machine gun against the car, knocking it
text: from Phoenix's grasp. Just manages to trap it against
text: the side of the car as it falls. Snatches it up, lifts
dialog: it up to take aim as ---
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: Phoenix shouts at the car ---
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Open doors! Emergency!
scene_heading: EXT. SOME OTHER SAN ANGELES STREET - NIGHT
text: Both gull wing doors slam open. The gun is bashed from
text: Spartan's hand. Spartan himself is smashed from one door
text: to the other on the roof of the car. A hundred miles per
text: hour and nothing to grab onto. He starts to slide off.
text: Completely aerodynamic.
text: Grabs onto a door. Shoves a shoulder underneath as ---
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
text: Close doors.
text: The right hand door slams shut. The left hand door
text: crushes against Spartan. The MECHANISM GROANS. Spartan
text: growls back. Spartan and the door strain against each
text: other. The man wins. Wrenches the door clean off.
text: Jumps in the car. Punches Phoenix square in the head.
text: Phoenix is knocked to his side. Sidekicks Spartan dead
text: in the groin. Spartan folds.
text: Phoenix leaps back up, triple-punches Spartan in the
text: chest. Spartan's hands come free, he falls back, as
text: Phoenix jumps on him and slams his head repeatedly
text: against the hundred mile an hour ground rushing by as
text: the car drives itself.
text: Spartan continues to fight back, smashing Phoenix, but
text: he's forced to avoid the close calls with cars, street
text: signs and the like. Finally, Phoenix grabs Spartan's
text: throat and holds him down in the road where an upcoming
text: futuristic fire hydrant is about to tear his head off.
text: Spartan sees it coming, has no choice. Lets go. Phoenix
dialog: thinks he's rid of him.
text: No. Spartan slides free for a moment on the road and
text: barely manages to hook a hand on the open door frame.
text: Shirt three-quarters torn off, blood streaming, he climbs
text: onto the back of the car. Brutally punches his hand
text: through what remains of the back window.
text: Phoenix screams in rage as Spartan's hand comes at him
text: and grabs him by the hair, yanking Phoenix's head back.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Computer! Disengage Auxilliary
dialog: Battery Pod now!
text: Spartan freaks as the back of the car suddenly separates
text: from the rest of the car. It shoots rearward while the
text: cab with Phoenix drops a third wheel in back and shoots
text: off. Spartan, hanging on for dear life, turns to see him
text: and the pod are jetting backwards for the front of a
text: truly massive freight truck. Four full trailers behind
text: a massive cab. The thing's gotta be eighty feet long.
text: It's more of a locomotive than a truck.
text: The burly TRUCKER also freaks when he sees he will impact
text: with Spartan. At the last moment Spartan leaps off the
dialog: pod.
text: Phoenix sees the truck collide with the pod, BLASTING it
text: to smithereens. He laughs as he enters a long tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. LONG TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: The Truck Driver is stunned and scared as he enters the
text: tunnel but gets another scare as Spartan suddenly pops
text: up at his door.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Move over!
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER
dialog: Oh dear! Don't hurt me, please
dialog: don't hurt me!
text: Spartan pushes the burly Trucker over and climbs into
text: the driver's seat. The Trucker takes one look at this
text: mad man and decides his fate is safer elsewhere. Leaps
text: from the truck. Lands safely in some shrubbery. Sobs.
text: Spartan GUNS the massive TRUCK.
text: Phoenix thinks everything is A-okay until he looks in his
text: rearview and sees a bunch of streetlights being taken out
text: by the too huge truck and getting closer. The truck
text: harshly rams Phoenix, nearly jarring him from his seat
dialog: but for the restraints.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: The truck and Phoenix's car ROAR out of the tunnel and
text: move straight for the police station. The truck smashes
text: him again. Phoenix's steering wheel locks up and his
text: seat restraint pops up as he races out of control for the
text: station. He screams in rage.
text: Spartan slams on the truck brakes, smokes, slips, slides,
text: into the most horrific jackknife ever seen. All four
text: trailers lock up and accordian in on him.
text: Phoenix's vehicle slaps the street curb and begins to
text: roll, convulsing into a spectacularly flaming series of
text: somersaults that violently climax at the base of the
text: SAPD sign in front of the station.
text: Half a beat.
text: A charring Phoenix bursts from the vehicle, sees the
text: approaching, out of control truck and turns and runs
dialog: like hell.
text: The truck slides in a full, unstoppable quadruple jack-
text: knife towards the police station.
text: Spartan tries one last ditch attempt to bailout, but
text: his door won't open, forced in by the first trailer bent
text: over from the force of those behind.
text: The truck hits the curb, flips, collapses and plows into
text: the police station.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - NIGHT
text: BLOOOOOFFF. SecuroFoam EXPLODES from nozzles everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: What few cops there are flee in all directions... The
text: truck followed by four trailers wipes out the station.
text: Flames, ARCING POWER CABLES, EXPLOSIONS. Demolition.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - AFTERMATH - NIGHT
text: Fire drones fight the blaze. The cab of the truck, a
text: door torn off, lies askew. It's entirely filled with
text: dense, solid foam. Half a beat... It CRACKS open,
text: Spartan appears tearing giant hunks of foam away. Eyes
dialog: wild.
text: Earle stands, mouth agape, staring at the destruction.
text: Spartan's reappearance doesn't make him feel any better.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: You... You... Menace!
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yeah.
text: Huxley comes running up from the GTO.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: John Spartan, I thought your life
dialog: force had been prematurely
dialog: terminated. Look at you, you're
text: in shambles.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (still tearing off
dialog: foam)
dialog: Thought I was fucked this time too.
dialog: (re: his torn uniform)
dialog: Don't worry. I can fix this later.
dialog: All I need's a needle and thread.
text: Spartan looks around, turns to Earle.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: I need something, anything, a
text: shotgun, a flare gun...
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Holy shit...
text: Earle and Huxley follow his glance. Coming across the
text: green, a horde of Scraps, armed to the teeth, carrying
text: the dead cryocons on two litters, and emerging from
text: their midst beside Payne, Alfredo Garcia.
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: (mustering command)
dialog: Stun batons on!
text: Spartan gives him a look, are you out of your mind?
text: Huxley ignores him completely as well. Moves to Garcia.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You get a bump on the noggin and
dialog: you're Pancho Villa.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Never mind.
dialog: (to Payne)
dialog: Loan me a gun. Loan me two guns.
text: Payne thinks about it for a half second. Hands his gun
text: over, nods to someone else as well to follow suit.
text: Spartan straps on two guns and a giant ammo belt .
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What else you got?
text: The Scraps unearth half-a-dozen large explosive devices.
text: Spartan loads them into the GTO. Earle is ready to cry
text: when he sees all this. A catastrophe averted, but --
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: You would have used these weapons
dialog: of mass destruction against the
dialog: men and women who upheld the law?!
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: We would have used these weapons
dialog: to shop for groceries.
text: Half a beat. Earle gets it. There's kids in this crowd.
dialog: And a lot of hungry people.
speaker_heading: PAYNE
dialog: Look, Chief, I've had it with being
dialog: a criminal. I'm not a criminal.
dialog: Think of me more as the head of the
dialog: people's militia. We're gonna go
dialog: dump the tea in the harbor, ya
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: EARLE
dialog: That's good, cause tea contains
dialog: caffeine.
text: Spartan looks at him.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You're joking again, right?
dialog: (as Earle nods)
dialog: Grin or something afterwards,
dialog: people don't know.
text: Earle nods seriously. Spartan steps over to the dead
text: guys on the litters, pulls back a sheet. He stares at
text: the first guy. Can't believe what he sees...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Who are these swarthy strangers?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (stunned; checks the
dialog: second)
dialog: I know these guys. I arrested them
dialog: years ago... Albert Collins, 22
dialog: known murders. Beppo Zemoto, I
dialog: don't even want to talk about what
dialog: he did. And they're out. There
dialog: were more too...
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (proud of him)
dialog: I once checked, prior to your
dialog: arrest, 45 out of 200 members of
dialog: the multilife sentence wing of
dialog: the cryoprison were your arrests.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Right now, that's not a very
dialog: reassuring statistic...
speaker_heading: KATHERINE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey. Dad.
text: Spartan turns, faces his daughter.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Here. You gave me this.
text: She holds out a tarnished barely recognizable gold LAPD
text: shield on a chain. Drapes it over his neck. She hugs
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Don't get killed. Maybe we'll
dialog: get to know each other.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: That'd be good.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I didn't tell you I loved you.
text: He smiles at her gently. Forty-two years of pain washing
dialog: clean --
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: You don't have to.
text: It hits her hard. This is her dad. Spartan gets in the
text: GTO. Huxley gets in beside him. Looks at her. Thinks
text: about it. She'll do as a partner... FIRES the GTO UP.
text: The thing's a bomb on wheels now.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Don't hit anything.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Whattya mean? I'm an excellent
dialog: driver.
text: As he goes SQUEALING OUT, clipping and KNOCKING OVER the
dialog: one remaining WALL of the police station --
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Cocteau, Bob, Simon and the remaining cryocons are there
text: listening to Cocteau warble on --
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: I wasn't counting on this, but I
dialog: must say you've worked out
dialog: beautifully. People are terrified
dialog: of you.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (don't flatter me)
dialog: Ah, people have always been
dialog: terrified of me.
text: Cocteau continues his eerie soliloquy, feeding Phoenix's
text: amusement. Phoenix walks behind him under this, takes out
text: a knife and behind Raymond's back, tries desperately to
dialog: kill him. He can't.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: But this time they're truly scared.
dialog: Soon they'll want to take the next
dialog: step -- security cameras in every
dialog: room, stricter alarm systems against
dialog: misbehavior, anonymous hotlines to
dialog: their neighbor's infractions...
dialog: (gloating)
dialog: I'll have carte blanche now to
dialog: create the perfect society.
dialog: Everyone will want it. An enzyme
dialog: injection for all citizens that
dialog: will insure everyone has the same
dialog: I.Q., the same weight, and the
dialog: same desire to think only happy
dialog: thoughts.
text: Phoenix is back where Cocteau can see him --
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: I'm pretty happy now. I think I'll
text: pass on that shot.
text: Phoenix steps off to one side, pulls an old Airweight out
text: of his belt. Aims it at Cocteau, tries, tries to pull
text: the trigger. Isn't going to happen. He grunts in
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU
dialog: (lost in his
dialog: own reverie)
dialog: Other cities will follow. San
dialog: Angeles will be a beacon of order
dialog: with the purity of an ant colony
text: and the beauty of a flawless pearl.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Nah. You can't take away people's
dialog: right to be assholes.
dialog: (then; it's been
dialog: bothering him)
dialog: That's it, that's who you remind
dialog: me of -- an evil Mr. Rogers.
text: Cocteau smiles. Simon tosses the gun to Elvin.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: You try to kill him. This is
dialog: beginning to piss me off.
text: Elvin empties all six shots into Cocteau's very surprised
dialog: face.
text: Associate Bob looks on from the corner. A little
text: frightened, but not giving a shit about Cocteau.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: So what shall I do with you, Bob?
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: I am an excellent associate, sir.
dialog: I could work for you.
dialog: (off Phoenix's doubt
dialog: of this)
dialog: Dr. Cocteau actually had me
dialog: endocrinecologically altered to
dialog: never wish to be anything but
dialog: an associate.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: I believe the slang that would best
dialog: express it across our chronological
dialog: gap, sir, would be that he -- cut
dialog: my balls off.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Literally?
text: Bob nods; Simon claps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Bob, it's a sign of weakness to cut
dialog: the balls off the people who work
dialog: for you. I'm gonna get you a new
dialog: set.
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: Why, thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Can we do that now?
text: Bob nods.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: I'm gonna get a couple extra
dialog: myself. Not that I need 'em. But
dialog: just for spares...
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: If I could interrupt...
text: Phoenix looks at him; this is not a good way to start...
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: But the police are here.
speaker_heading: OUT WINDOW
text: some ten stories down. Sure enough Spartan and Huxley
text: are exiting the GTO.
scene_heading: BACK IN OFFICE
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: I'm gonna need to defrost more
dialog: guys, Bob. Lots more guys. Can
dialog: you do that?
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
text: Indubitably. But the computer
dialog: codes will have to emanate from
dialog: this office. We will need a few
text: moments here before fleeing.
dialog: (sits at keyboard;
dialog: types away madly)
dialog: I might suggest that the, uh,
dialog: large gentlemen might be
dialog: considered, ah...
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: ...disposable. Especially with
text: rather large supply forthcoming.
dialog: Perhaps they could be sent to
dialog: welcome Mr. Spartan. If they
dialog: succeed, so much the better, if
dialog: not, they will at least hinder
dialog: his progress?
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: I like you, Bob. You have no
dialog: heart.
dialog: (then)
text: Guys, John Spartan's on his way.
dialog: Go downstairs. Kill him.
speaker_heading: DANZIG
dialog: Over and over and over...
text: They leave.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Now, really, violent evil multi-
dialog: lifers. I want guys who
dialog: understand that crimes come in
text: bunches. Not just a sporadic bit
dialog: of violence or law breaking here
dialog: and there. I want guys who've
dialog: been on killing sprees before.
dialog: Men who've crossed state lines
dialog: with impunity! Do you understand
dialog: me, Bob?
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: (still typing madly)
dialog: Perfectly, sir.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: I'm gonna like running this place.
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU COMPLEX - COCTEAU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The elevator slides open. Danzig, Elvin and Francis
text: spray it with GUNFIRE. It's empty. Spartan and Huxley
text: slip in through a side door around the corner.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Old trick.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Old criminals.
text: He looks at her. She's a little cocky. Spartan steps
text: out into the hall. Sees a giant shadow.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Elvin!
text: Elvin steps out. Spartan SHOOTS him through the chest.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Thought it was you.
text: Danzig and Francis look a touch more concerned. They
dialog: split up.
text: Spartan moves cautiously down the hall. Huxley a pace or
text: two behind. High above in an overly futuristic frieze
text: looking much the modern gargoyle, is Danzig. Grins.
text: Dives on Spartan.
text: Spartan is slammed to the ground. We can feel the breath
text: knocked out of him. Tussles with Danzig as ---
text: Huxley pulls out her stun baton. Pokes at them, pulls
text: back, pokes again -- unable with the twisting, turning
text: struggling bodies to be sure she won't get Spartan.
text: And misses the fact that Francis is coming up from
text: behind. He slaps the baton out of her hand. Grabs
text: her around the neck, lifts her in the air. Begins to
text: strangle her to death. She kicks and claws at him
dialog: without effect.
text: Spartan's still busy with Danzig. She starts to choke.
text: Francis brings her closer to watch her die. A beat of
text: this, and Huxley reaches down and yanks the GUN out of
text: his belt and SHOOTS him repeatedly.
text: Half a beat later, Spartan finishes with Danzig. The
text: CRRRUNNNCH of his BACK breaking.
text: Huxley's in a state of shock.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: This man has died at my hands. I
dialog: have taken all his future from
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Him or you, Huxley.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (somewhat mollified)
dialog: There is that.
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Spartan bursts in, gun drawn. No one's there. Spins,
text: checks everywhere. Spots a very dead Raymond Cocteau.
text: Huxley sees him a moment later.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Horrors. Oh horrors. Sic
dialog: Transit Raymond Cocteau. Oh, John
dialog: Spartan, civilization as we know
dialog: it will come to an end.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: It does that every once in a
dialog: while.
text: The computer screen catches Spartan's eye.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (checks it out)
dialog: Ooh. This is bad. Very bad.
dialog: (as Spartan looks
text: over her shoulder)
text: He's accessed the cryoprison.
text: He's about to defrost the entire
text: multilifer wing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Most of them don't like you.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Most of them didn't even like
dialog: their mothers. These are bad
dialog: people.
dialog: (then)
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Eighty.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (beat; dry)
dialog: We have to stop that.
scene_heading: INT. COCTEAU COMPLEX - COCTEAU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: On the run, stepping over dead cryocons. Huxley keys
dialog: her BadgeRadio ---
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: All units, all units.
dialog: ProtectServe Cryoprison. Simon
text: Phoenix assumed to be en route.
dialog: (lifts the send
dialog: button)
dialog: Should I announce the demise of
dialog: Doctor Raymond Cocteau?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Nah. I think we're gonna cause
dialog: enough panic on our own.
scene_heading: EXT. CRYO PRISON - NIGHT
text: Prison is ringed by a high circular fence. Giant stainless
text: steel gates in front of the prison, a la the Federal
text: Reserve, are shut tight. A dozen futuristic squad cars
text: strobe the area in red and blue. The GTO RUMBLES up.
text: Spartan gets out. Huxley follows suit.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
text: He's inside already. And it's
text: completely sealed.
text: Spartan takes only the briefest reconnaissance look
text: around. Shakes his head sadly ---
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: This is crime against nature...
text: Leans into the GTO. Pushes in the cigarette lighter.
text: Puts it into neutral. Wedges the accelerator down. The
text: GTO BELLOWS. The cigarette lighter pops out and Spartan
text: uses it to light the fuses on the explosive devices.
text: Drops the car into gear. Pulls his head out just in time
text: as it ROARS off.
text: The GTO SMASHES into the front GATES. Wedges itself in
text: from the impact. Half a beat later, a long, low,
text: THUNDEROUS EXPLOSION. Smoke everywhere. Smoke clears...
dialog: It ain't much, but a man can get through now. Spartan
text: loads the spent cartridges in the guns from his ammo
text: belt. Huxley double-checks her stun baton.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (nervous as hell)
dialog: Okay, look, I wasn't at all pleased
dialog: to cause the fatality of that
dialog: deranged cryocon, but I understand
dialog: now that sometimes under
dialog: particular circumstances that
dialog: violence is necessary...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Good.
text: Takes the stun baton from her and nails her with it mid-
dialog: sternum.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Then you'll understand this.
text: She falls into Garcia's arms.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Hang on to her. See she doesn't
dialog: get herself into trouble.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: You too.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yeah.
text: Spartan turns, starts towards the Cryo prison. As he
text: walks --- Takes a deep breath. Loosens up his right
text: shoulder. Loosens up his left. Checks the gun on his
text: right hip. Checks the gun on his left. They're both
text: set to cross draw. Steps through the breach.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - OUTER THAWING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A frenzy of activity. Simon, Associate Bob, Techs
dialog: everywhere...
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: Doctor Cocteau would want every
dialog: bit of haste from you!
dialog: (sotto to Simon)
dialog: If he was still extant that is.
text: Seventy pucks are stacked and loaded to be defrosted.
text: Med Techs scramble furiously.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - INNER THAWING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Four pucks are being rapidly removed from around the
text: cryocons inside by the cutting lasers. They go blue.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - OUTER THAWING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The inner room splits open and the Med Techs rush in to
text: the four thawed cryocons as Associate Bob steps away from
text: a VidScreen with some concern ---
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: There's been a breach in the outer
text: gate. An intruder has entered the
dialog: CryoFacility and I feel it's safe
text: to assume it's John Spartan.
text: Phoenix is momentarily taken aback by Spartan's relent-
text: lessness. Then he looks at his four new recruits.
dialog: They're still kinda dopey. Turns to a Med Tech ---
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Got some really wild uppers?
dialog: Speed, crank, amphetamines?
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: MED TECH
dialog: (a little confused,
dialog: but...)
dialog: We have pure megadrenalin, sir.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Good. Whack these guys with it.
dialog: A bunch.
text: He does. They come wildly awake, GUNTHER, HOWIE,
text: IGNATIOUS, and JED. Eyes wide, jittery, completely
dialog: cranked. Phoenix keeps it simple ---
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Hey wake up. Good. Listen to
dialog: me. You've just been defrosted.
dialog: It's the future. John Spartan is
dialog: out those doors.
dialog: (a beat; he smokes;
dialog: this should be fun)
dialog: Go kill him.
text: Gunther lets out the kind of scream the NFL would be
text: proud of. Charges out the door, others behind him.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - LOBBY - NIGHT
text: A reception desk. A Chaplain's office. A BE Well bas
text: relief. Very quiet, very still.
text: Spartan moves cautiously through. A tiny rotating sensor
text: picks up his presence. Locks on. As Spartan is looking
text: the other way. Dr. Raymond Cocteau, in holo, suddenly
text: appears in front of the display.
speaker_heading: COCTEAU (IMAGE)
text: Greetings, and BE well.
text: He never gets to say another word. Spartan spins and
text: ventilates the device with 40 mm slugs.
text: Half a beat. Realizes what he's done. In the next
text: moment, four insane megadrenalized cryocons come
text: screaming through the door. Barehanded, barefooted.
text: Spartan SHOOTS the first two out of hand, without a
text: thought. But before he can fire again, the second two
text: are on him.
text: One gun goes flying. Spartan beats on Howie with his
text: free hand. Ignacious fights for control of his gun
dialog: hand.
text: Spartan bashes Howie back for a moment, continues to
text: tussle with Ignacious. Finally, he's had enough --
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Fine. Take it.
text: He lets go of the gun. Ignacious grabs it and, still in
text: shock over this turn of events, begins to fumble with
text: it. Spartan reaches up with both hands and breaks
text: his neck.
text: Howie leaps on him from behind, trying to do the same
text: to Spartan. Spartan squat presses down with this three
text: hundred pound behemoth wrapped around his neck, retrieves
text: the GUN out of Ignacious's stiffening fingers. Turns
text: the barrel around towards himself. Howie reaches
text: desperately, but it's just out of reach. Spartan
text: FIRES over his shoulder. Howie, or what's left of him,
dialog: slides away...
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - OUTER THAWING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Med Techs scramble furiously. Phoenix grabs the glowing
text: CompuClipboard from Bob.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: So, who's left that's good?
dialog: Ooooh, Ramon Gutieriz? We
dialog: gotta get him.
dialog: He's like a kid at FAO Schwartz.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Come on...
text: Simon jumps onto one of the cranes with a six clawed
text: arm. Stands at the controls.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Go...
text: It does. Moves too. Bob has to trot to keep up.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - STARK WHITE CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: A pair of double doors slip silently open. Spartan, a
text: gun in each hand, slides in. He is back in the stark
text: white corridor where he once said good-bye to his wife
text: and daughter. Looks at the empty alcove. It gives him
text: the creeps. He makes his way to the door at the far end,
dialog: and steps in --
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Spartan prowls through the now depleted multilifer wing.
text: Empty pods everywhere.
text: The displays all read: CRYO PRISONER EXITED. Yeeesh.
text: There's a lot of them that way. A WHIR, followed by
text: TROTTING FOOTSTEPS.
text: Spartan whirls. A crane WHIRRING by and Associate Bob
text: trotting behind. Spartan follows. Creeps slowly
text: around the corner. GUNS up... Comes around a turn to
text: spot Phoenix locking the arm into a puck. Takes aim.
text: Phoenix sees him at the same time. Yanks a control on
text: the crane. The puck pivots up as Spartan FIRES.
text: The 40mm bullet lodges half in, half out of the puck in
text: front of Phoenix's grinning face.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Don't you understand the meaning
dialog: of give up? You're too late,
dialog: John. I've got three more batches
text: in the oven.
text: Spartan FIRES again. The puck barely vibrates. Absorbs
text: another round beside the unharmed cryocon.
text: Phoenix unleashes an entire magazine from an HK91 slung
text: over his back. Spartan FIRES once, dives for cover.
text: Although unhit, he gets seriously frosted from a pipe
text: blow open next to him. Forced to roll through the line
text: of fire to avoid permanent freezer burn. There are
text: pipes burst everywhere.
text: Phoenix turns to find Bob slinking away.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Where the fuck you going?
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE BOB
dialog: I wish you good luck, sir. This
dialog: is an activity that requires
dialog: testicles.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (considers)
dialog: True 'nuf.
text: Ice is beginning to form on the surface of everything
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: Take those stairs, I'll cover
dialog: you.
text: Bob nods gratefully. Does. Phoenix shakes his head at
dialog: Bob's gullibility.
speaker_heading: PHOENIX
dialog: (sotto; to himself)
dialog: No brains either.
text: Spartan hears FOOTSTEPS coming. Whirls. FIRES. Blows
text: Bob away. A momentary distraction, but it's enough.
text: Phoenix is gone.
text: Spartan turns slowly. Guns out in each direction.
text: Searching. A sound. FIRES. No Simon. More PIPES
text: BURST. It's ten or twenty degrees below zero in there
text: already. Everything is coated with supercooled ice.
text: Footing becomes treacherous.
text: Phoenix crawls through a jungle of pipe. Gets a bead on
text: Spartan's lower body. Starts to strafe the area. Dh uh.
text: Everything has become so slick, the recoil drives him back
text: across the ice into the open. Spartan sees him, FIRES.
text: The recoil slams him back against a wall. He FIRES again
text: with something firm to lean on, but the recoil from
text: Phoenix's sputtering weapon drives him right over the
text: edge. He drops off into the center out of Spartan's
text: sight. Slipping and sliding, Spartan slithers down the
dialog: stairs to --
speaker_heading: MAIN LEVEL
text: A familiar WHIRRING. Turns. Half a beat later he is
text: bodyslammed and smashed and grabbed by a six-armed crane.
text: His guns go flying, off into God knows where...
text: Spartan is hoisted high in air, smashed again and again
text: against a pillar. Phoenix slams him through a web of
text: pipes. Holds him in the freezing blast. Ice forms all
text: over Spartan. He struggles. It cracks off, reforms.
text: Struggles again. It cracks off. Reforms. Struggles
text: again. He's weakening.
text: Reaches up. Grabs the pipe, wrests it over, directs
text: the blast at Phoenix. Holds it steady. Phoenix is
text: frozen in place. Coats in ice. We can see the madness
text: in his eyes. Everything else is still. He roars,
text: breaks free. Retreats from the blast. Disappears as --
text: Spartan wrenches the pipe over to the claw arm. Holds
text: it directly over one joint. Then clobbers it with
text: the pipe. It SHATTERS. He drops.
text: LIGHTS are beginning to EXPLODE from the cold. It's
text: dropped 30 degrees below zero in there by now. Spartan
text: spots Phoenix on the far side of the room. Hundred feet
dialog: away.
text: Half a moment to catch his breath in the freezing
text: cold, leans on exposed cryopuck. It slides effortlessly.
text: Spartan hurls it across the floor at Phoenix. A five
text: hundred pound hockey puck. Phoenix barely avoids the
text: crushing blow. It rebounds back off the steel...
text: No point fighting the elements. Spartan hurls himself
text: across the floor. Spins slowly twice along the way.
dialog: It's like zero grav in two dimensions. No friction
dialog: coefficient at all.
text: Three quarters of a second across the floor. Right
text: hook into Phoenix's surprised face.
text: Phoenix goes flying a hundred feet back into the far
text: side. Crashes and falls.
text: The CRYO PRISON CREAKS and SCREAMS in protest from the
text: cold. LIGHTING, grids, struts SHATTER, fall about them.
text: They hurl themselves together again. Spartan lands a
text: horrific blow. All but drives Phoenix's nose and eye
text: sockets through the back of his head. Spartan's
text: forearm is terribly cut.
text: The blood freezes solid as it sprays, sealing the wound,
text: and leaving a giant six foot red feather spray. Spartan
text: brushes it away, breaks off, bleeds, freezes again
dialog: instantly.
text: They fly apart again. Spartan comes to a stop near a
text: tool cart. Pokes at the tools. One is an MTL cutting
text: laser. He has no idea what it is. Nothing there he
text: recognizes. Picks up a four foot wrench. That, he
text: recognizes. He looks like a caveman. A very angry
dialog: caveman.
text: The building complains loudly. Falling apart around
text: them. More and more PIPES EXPLODE, BURST, it gets colder
text: and colder. 50 degrees below by now.
text: Phoenix, on the far side, also scrambles for a weapon.
text: He sees an MTL as well, but he knows what it is.
text: FIRES it up. Focused three inch cutting beam comes
text: out. Rips off the top cover, pulls out five optical
text: elements, pulls out the choke tube, rips the whole
text: front off the MTL. Doesn't look very sleek now.
dialog: FIRES it.
text: A thirty foot long spray of white white magnesium-
text: thermite flame comes flying out.
text: One swipe, he clears the ice from a path he can walk
text: towards Spartan on.
text: Metal bars melt away as the thermite flare crosses
dialog: through them.
text: On the top level of the cryo prison, the first batch
text: of raving psychopath defrosted cryocons wanders in
dialog: to watch John Spartan die.
text: This is the most depraved, frightening-looking group of
dialog: individuals you've ever seen in your life.
speaker_heading: ANGRY CRYOCON
dialog: Spartan!!!
scene_heading: MANY ANGRY CRYOCONS
dialog: Kill him!! Kill him!!!!!
text: Spartan looks up at them. Like he needs this shit...
text: Simon continues to melt himself a path across the floor
text: towards Spartan.
text: The heat from the MTL is furious. The difference between
dialog: the 2000 degrees plus and 80 degrees below is more than
text: any metal can handle. Fissures appear in giant lightning
text: strike cracks in all directions where the MTL hits.
text: Every bit of ice in the building melts. Water boiling
text: away instantaneously in the path of the MTL.
text: Spartan has nowhere to run. And nothing but a big
text: fucking club. To his left he suddenly sees an empty
text: chamber. Except this one was never filled. The display
text: reads: READY FOR CRYO.
text: There's a tiny white chip in the vial inside the vacuum
text: bell. Spartan looks at it. It's like a very bad memory
text: coming back. But he knows what it is and knows what it
text: does. Smashes the vacuum bell with the wrench.
text: Simon grows closer.
text: Spartan bashes the robot arm out of the way. Picks
text: up the vial. Looks around desperately. No point using
text: it if it's going to kill him too. Grabs the grid of
text: the floor above him. Heaves himself up.
text: Simon lifts the MTL towards him. It almost reaches
text: up to the landing above. Spartan hurls the VIAL at
text: Simon's feet.
text: It SHATTERS. Nothing happens. The heat from the MTL
text: has boiled off all the water in a ten foot circle nearby.
text: The MTL flame comes closer. In a moment Spartan will
text: get cooked. Instead of running away, he moves closer.
text: Stands up on the railing of the second landing. And
text: just as his clothes begin to catch fire from the heat,
dialog: leaps --
text: Over the oncoming thermal flame as it arcs up towards
text: him. And over and past Phoenix.
text: Spartan lands behind him, coming around with an elbow
text: into Phoenix's kidney, causing Phoenix to drop the MTL.
text: Outside their circle of heat, the tiny chip hits the
text: water. Melts. And again, like the opposite of watching
text: ice shatter, the water everywhere goes steel solid,
text: stuttering out in all directions.
text: Phoenix still has a free hand. Smashes a nerve center
text: on the side of Spartan's neck. Spartan twitches visibly
text: from it. Grunts.
text: Spartan punches him right, left, right in the sternum.
text: Phoenix coughs blood, spits it away.
text: Steps back to launch a mighty blow at Spartan and --
text: His heel just steps into a puddle of water. The tiniest
text: rivulet drifts over, connects it to the main ice solid
dialog: locked water.
text: Simon feels his foot stuck. And as he looks down in
text: consternation, realizes in shock what's happened and
text: then looks up, Spartan hits him straight from the
text: shoulder with everything he has left, dead in the face,
text: as Phoenix solidifies.
text: Phoenix's head snaps clean off.
text: Hits, like a ball bearing on polished steel. Bounces
text: with a CLANG. Rolls off. CLANG, CLANG, CLANG, CLANG,
text: CLANG.
text: Spartan reaches desperately for the still spewing MTL
text: as the rivulets close in towards him.
text: Grabs onto it just in time. Spins, melts off a
text: protective circle around him.
text: Looks up at the peanut gallery of cryocons.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: All right, who's next???
text: Nobody moves. Nobody can move. Every last one is
text: dead. Frozen in place.
text: The building continues to collapse around Spartan. More
text: LIGHTS BLOW OUT. A giant beam comes crashing down.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (a massive
dialog: understatement)
dialog: I think it's time to go.
text: Carefully melting a path to the door, Spartan comes
dialog: through --
scene_heading: INT. CRYO PRISON - STARK WHITE CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: MTL still blazing, the hall bursts into flame around him
text: as he leaves. He takes no chances. Continues to melt
text: and burn his way out.
scene_heading: EXT. CRYO PRISON - NIGHT
text: Outside the building, but still inside the gate. Spartan
text: pauses, still holding the flaming MTL, thinks about it a
text: sec, torches the rest of the whole evil fucking place.
speaker_heading: GATE
text: As Spartan steps through, the MTL sputters to a halt.
text: He tosses it aside. The cryo prison burns, explodes,
text: freezes, contracts, expands behind him.
text: A far greater crowd has gathered. Police, citizens,
text: Scraps. They watch in silent awe and shock as Spartan
text: re-emerges. Katherine walks up. Deadpan as her
dialog: father --
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Good to see you again, Dad.
text: (kisses him on
dialog: the cheek)
dialog: Come by sometime for dinner.
dialog: (re: the
dialog: destruction)
dialog: I'll cook.
text: He kisses her back on the cheek. She smiles, they
text: hug. Lenina watches from nearby.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: That was it? That's the whole
dialog: kissing thing? What was Cocteau
dialog: so worried about?
text: Spartan grabs her. Lays a real kiss on her. Long and
text: hard. She comes up for air, gasping, eyes shiny.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Oh. My.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Is the rest of fluid transfer
dialog: activities like this?
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: (beat; dry)
dialog: Better.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Better??! Oh. My.
text: She kisses him. Long and hard. Breaks.
speaker_heading: HUXLEY
dialog: Welcome to the future, John
dialog: Spartan. Now that you've
dialog: destroyed everything.
text: He throws an arm over her shoulder. They turn and walk
text: away. They head off into the sunrise...
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: Yeah, I think I'm gonna like it
dialog: here.
dialog: (a beat; then)
dialog: There's one thing I want to
dialog: know though. How does that
dialog: damn three seashells thing
dialog: work?
text: And as the MUSIC COMES UP and obscures her explanation
dialog: we --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
