speaker_heading: DENIAL
dialog: Screenplay by David Hare
text: Based on the book HISTORY ON TRIAL by Deborah E. Lipstadt
scene_heading: 03/11/15 - SHOOTING SCRIPT
scene_heading: 04/12/15 - FULL BLUE SCRIPT
speaker_heading: DENIAL LTD
dialog: 12-48 Southampton Row
speaker_heading: LONDON WC1B 4AF
scene_heading: EXT. AUSCHWITZ. DAY 1
text: Dawn. Mist. Drizzle. Watchtowers, ruined structures, bare
text: trees, fences. Through the rain, the sound of feet shuffling,
text: children’s voices crying, metal doors clanging. Then, in
text: sharp contrast, the sound of a large audience laughing
text: heartily at the plummy, confident voice of DAVID IRVING
text: addressing them over a PA system.
speaker_heading: IRVING (VOICE)
dialog: I don’t see any reason to be
dialog: tasteful about Auschwitz...
scene_heading: INT. MEETING HALL. CALGARY. NIGHT 2
text: Grainy newsreel footage of DAVID IRVING, mid-fifties,
text: powerfully built, in perfect English tailoring.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I say to you, quite tastelessly,
dialog: that more women died in the
text: backseat of Edward Kennedy’s car at
dialog: Chappaquiddick than ever died in a
dialog: gas chamber at Auschwitz.
text: Applause and laughter carry over into:
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTA. EARLY MORNING. CREDITS 3
text: DEBORAH LIPSTADT, red-haired, 47, vital, determined, is
text: jogging through bosky suburbs. Sunlit greenery hanging from
text: the trees. Good trainers, stout socks. She has a Sony Walkman
text: on her belt and headphones. She is followed by a joyful
text: medium-sized rescue dog, The Mutt. A montage of VOICES:
speaker_heading: NEWS VOICE 1
dialog: -.. media commentator Pat Buchanan
dialog: caused a stir yesterday when he
dialog: suggested it would have been
dialog: physically impossible for Nazi gas
dialog: chambers to have produced enough
dialog: lethal carbon monoxide to have
dialog: killed camp victims in Treblinka...
speaker_heading: NEWS VOICE 2
dialog: On Phil Donahue tonight, “Did six
dialog: million really die?”
speaker_heading: NEWS VOICE 3
dialog: -.. National Front leader Jean
dialog: Marie le Pen asserted that he had
dialog: never seen any evidence of gas
dialog: chambers and that many historians
dialog: doubted if they ever existed...
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 2.
speaker_heading: NEWS VOICE 4
dialog: .+. A new national poll suggests as
dialog: Many as 22% of US adults and 20% of
dialog: high school students think it’s
dialog: possible the Holocaust may never
dialog: have happened...
speaker_heading: IRVING'S VOICE
dialog: One year from now the Holocaust
dialog: will have been discredited. No-
dialog: one’s going to like it when they
dialog: find out that for fifty years
dialog: they've been believing a legend
dialog: based on baloney.
scene_heading: EXT. DEBORAH’S HOUSE. MAILBOX. DAY 4
text: DEBORAH runs in past a mailbox with “Lipstadt” on the side,
text: and into her house.
scene_heading: INT. DEBORAH'S HOUSE. KITCHEN/BEDROOM. DAY. CREDITS 5
text: DEBORAH, sweating, towel round her neck, forks dog-food from
text: a can. She clangs the side of the bowl and The Mutt appears
text: at once. DEBORAH clicks on the coffee machine, pours a
text: smoothie, and scrapes out the heart of a bagel with a spoon.
text: NPR radio is playing: Bob Edwards with Morning Edition.
scene_heading: CAPTION: ATLANTA NOVEMBER 11th 1994
scene_heading: INT. DEBORAH'S OFFICE. DAY. CREDITS 6
text: Later. It’s now Julie McCarthy on NPR. DEBORAH, showered and
text: dressed, is multitasking, gulping coffee, picking up a stack
text: of freshly marked student essays, also picking up a big
text: cardboard box of books, from under her desk - the title
text: briefly glimpsed DENYING THE HOLOCAUST. The essays are
text: slapped down on top of the books.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR & DEBORAH’S OFFICE. EMORY UNIVERSITY. DAY. 7
speaker_heading: CREDITS
text: DEBORAH walks briskly into her office with the box. The Mutt,
text: following, dives to his usual place under the desk. DEBORAH'S
text: ASSISTANT, LEONIE, hands her another coffee in a paper cup,
text: some papers, and message slips.
speaker_heading: LEONIE
dialog: I’ve done your corrections. Two
dialog: copies. Here. Jamie called from
dialog: NBC. They still want the interview
dialog: about the book.
text: LEONIE hands over some tapes.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 3.
speaker_heading: LEONIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Clips. Edited. Marked. Cues on
dialog: script.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: He needs some water.
text: DEBORAH is already through the door with box, tapes, speech,
text: coffee. LEONIE is too late.
speaker_heading: LEONIE
dialog: You want a hand with that?
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM. DEKALB COLLEGE. ATLANTA. DAY. CREDITS 8
text: DEBORAH confidently pushes her way into a hall, with columns
text: and rows of empty seats, heading towards the speaker's
text: lectern. The event’s organizer is GLORIA, black, 40s, is
text: trying to keep up with DEBORAH’S brisk pace.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I do a lot of these events, so I
dialog: have quite a clear idea how best to
dialog: handle them. If you can put a table
text: at the back. Right by the door,
text: perfect as they leave.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Certainly will.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I took the liberty of calling a
dialog: couple of local papers for
dialog: coverage. Mia Daniels, Grant from
dialog: the Inquirer...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Oh good. We were going to do that.
dialog: You’re one step ahead.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Well I hope so. I like to be.
text: DEBORAH looks round the hall, checking the first arrivals.
scene_heading: INT & EXT. CAR & STREETS. ATLANTA. DAY. CREDITS 9
text: Two MEN in the front - heavy, determined. In the back, a
text: third MAN, whose face is not seen. They’re all quiet. They
text: drive along busy streets: downtown Atlanta, aspiring,
text: skyscrapered. The traffic thins as they approach the college.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 4.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM. DAY. CREDITS 10
text: DEBORAH is at the table at the back, taking books out,
text: arranging notebook, pen, ledger, cashbox: the perfect
text: professional. STUDENTS are arriving, most black, most young.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Can I help?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You're going to laugh, sorry, but
dialog: I’ve got a system. It works for me.
text: They smile. The result is indeed impressive, completed at the
text: end by her putting an author photograph against the books.
text: The credits end.
scene_heading: EXT. DEKALB. DAY 11
text: The car draws up in a car park outside. The two MEN get out.
text: The third MAN’S shoes, English, beautifully polished, land on
text: the tarmac. The trunk at the back is opened, and inside there
text: is a huge cardboard box, and a big black case. These are
text: taken out. Bang, the trunk is closed.
scene_heading: INT & EXT. ENTRANCE & AUDITORIUM. DAY 12
text: The legs of the THREE MEN as they come into the building,
text: then along a polished corridor to the auditorium. One of them
text: is carrying the big black case. The THIRD has shopping bags.
text: They turn into the hall. DEBORAH is at the front giving an
text: interview to STUDENT JOURNALISTS.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: One thing I’ve noticed about these
dialog: events you always sell 37 books.
dialog: Regardless of the size of the
dialog: audience. 500 people, 37 books. 50
dialog: people, 37 books. I’ve started to
dialog: wonder if it’s all fixed.
text: The students are laughing at her jokes. She is in her element
text: and doesn’t notice as one of the MEN opens the case, takes
text: out a tripod, and sets it up close to a column. Meanwhile, at
text: the back, the third MAN’S hand, unidentified, picks up
text: DENYING THE HOLOCAUST. More STUDENTS file in. DEBORAH sits,
text: waiting. GLORIA stands to introduce her.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. DAY 13
text: Back outside the hall, the third MAN’S fingers opening the
text: book, finding the index. Running a finger down until coming
dialog: upon ‘Irving, David, 8, 14, 111, 161-163, 170’.
speaker_heading: He HHH HH OF
dialog: *
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 5.
scene_heading: 14 INT. AUDITORIUM. DAY 14
text: The last object from the box - a video camera is taken out by
text: a hand from the box, and put on top of the tripod.
scene_heading: 15 INT. CORRIDOR. DAY 15
text: The MAN’S fingers are rifling through the book to check the
text: references as from inside the hall he hears:
speaker_heading: GLORIA (V.O.)
dialog: Everyone, it’s my pleasure to
dialog: introduce the holder of the Dorot
dialog: Chair in Jewish and Holocaust
dialog: studies at Emory University, and
dialog: author of Denying the Holocaust:
dialog: the Growing Assault on Truth and
dialog: Memory, Deborah Lipstadt.
text: The sound of applause. It’s DAVID IRVING outside.
scene_heading: 16 INT. AUDITORIUM. DAY 16
text: DEBORAH is at the microphone, well into her speech.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: We have to accept there’1ll be many
dialog: reasons why people may be deniers.
dialog: When you look closely, they often
dialog: have some agenda which they don’t
dialog: own up to. In any field, denial may
dialog: just be a pick to undo the lock and
text: open the door to something else.
text: A girl MEG, 18, in the audience puts up her hand.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Somebody told me you don’t debate
dialog: with people who say the Holocaust
dialog: didn’t happen.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don’t, it’s true. Like I don’t
dialog: talk to people who say Elvis is
dialog: alive.
text: There is laughter. The SECOND MAN deep in the audience looks
text: across to the FIRST MAN who is working the camera.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Talking to people you don’t agree
dialog: with, that’s democracy, isn’t it?
dialog: It’s supposed to be a free country.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015
speaker_heading: MEG (CONT'D)
dialog: They've an opinion. So have you.
dialog: It’s cowardly not to talk to them.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You calling me a coward?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Well...
text: Everyone is amused.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Let me tell you, I don’t see it
dialog: that way. You can have opinions
dialog: about the Holocaust. You can argue
dialog: about why it happened and how it
dialog: happened. But what I won’t do is
dialog: meet with anyone - anyone - who
dialog: says it didn’t happen. The
dialog: Holocaust happened. It happened.
dialog: That isn’t opinion. That’s fact. I
dialog: won't debate fact. That way madness
dialog: lies.
text: At the back, DAVID IRVING slips in the door, unobserved. He
text: goes and sits. The SECOND MAN holds up his hand.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN (AMERICAN)
dialog: In your book, why do you
dialog: continually denigrate the work of
dialog: David Irving? He’s a scholar, he’s
dialog: a fluent German speaker, he’s
dialog: discovered all sorts of primary
dialog: sources no-one else knew about...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: To be honest, I don’t think I do
dialog: denigrate him. I just don’t think
dialog: about him that much. He’s not
dialog: important.
text: This last statement has been seen through the first MAN’S
text: video camera, and now the image whip-pans to the back of the
text: hall where IRVING is standing, hand raised.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Professor Lipstadt, I am right in
dialog: believing you are not a historian,
dialog: you are a professor of religion?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Well that isn’t quite the case. I
dialog: am a historian, a historian of
dialog: religion.
dialog: *
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 7.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Let me reveal something to you,
dialog: Professor. I am that David Irving
dialog: about whom you have been so rude.
text: People turn, amazed. DEBORAH, too, is taken aback.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, I am he. And it puzzles me why
dialog: you think yourself qualified to
dialog: attack me, given that I have thirty
dialog: years’ experience in the archives,
dialog: and my books have been published by
dialog: some of the greatest publishing
dialog: houses in the world - Viking Press,
dialog: William Morrow, E.P. Dutton. I have
dialog: to conclude the reason you don’t
dialog: engage with people you disagree
dialog: with is because you can’t. And you
dialog: might learn some facts - facts,
dialog: Miss Lipstadt, which don’t suit
dialog: your opinions. Well? Well?
text: DEBORAH is seen through the viewfinder of the camera, in
text: grainy black and white, flustered, not knowing to react.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No. I won't. I’ve said this. I
dialog: won't debate. Not with deniers.
text: DEBORAH looks urgently across to GLORIA.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Today I’ve heard you telling lies
dialog: to students. You want gullible
dialog: students to believe that there are
dialog: mounds of documents which prove a
dialog: Holocaust. You even said that
dialog: Hitler ordered it. Well I’ve got a
dialog: thousand dollars here in my pocket,
dialog: and I’m happy to give that thousand
dialog: dollars to anyone - anyone - who
dialog: can show me a document which proves
dialog: that Hitler ordered the killing of
dialog: the Jews. A thousand dollars! Here
dialog: it is! A thousand!
text: IRVING is holding the money above his head. DEBORAH has gone
text: into panicked consultation with GLORIA, who has got up. A
text: couple of people have shouted at IRVING to sit down, but most
text: STUDENTS are enjoying him.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 8.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don’t you tell the
dialog: students who pays for you to
dialog: write your books, who
dialog: finances all these expensive
dialog: trips you make round the
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I'm sorry, but I’m going to
dialog: have to put an end to this...
dialog: I’m going to have to ask you
dialog: to sit down... I’m not
dialog: willing to do this, I really
dialog: world? Let them know that,
dialog: why don’t you? You talk about
dialog: documents, I have a document
dialog: here. It’s an aerial
dialog: photograph of Auschwitz...
dialog: do have to ask you to be
dialog: quiet...
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: Professor Lipstadt not only won't
dialog: debate, she calls security to stop
dialog: me debating.
text: DEBORAH has been forced to shout to make herself heard. He’s
text: reached into his shopping bag. People are running back and
text: forth, and an armed SECURITY MAN is approaching IRVING to
dialog: take his arm.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: All right. But if anyone wants,
dialog: I'll be signing my books after the
dialog: event. They’re free. Please, come
dialog: and get one.
text: IRVING sits down, still hissing and waving dollar bills. ‘A
text: thousand dollars! A thousand!” The SECURITY MAN backs off.
text: DEBORAH stands alone at the microphone. Silence at last.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Thank you. So.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM. DAY 17
text: The meeting is over. DEBORAH is sitting at the table with a
text: pile of books. No-one near. She looks across to where IRVING
text: has a line of admiring STUDENTS for whom he’s chattily
text: signing free books. The MAN with the video is disappearing
text: from the hall. An older woman, SHIRA picks up a book.
speaker_heading: SHIRA
dialog: I think you’re right. I think
dialog: you're right not to speak to him.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Sure. Great tactic, isn’t it?
dialog: Worked brilliantly.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. DAY 18
text: IRVING’s car speeds up on the on-ramp to I75 with signs to
text: Alabama and Florida. Whoosh of car by.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 9.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY 19
text: IRVING and the other MEN drive away, in high spirits. In the
text: back the MAN has the video camera, and hands it to IRVING. In
text: the eyepiece it plays back film of IRVING speaking
text: triumphantly over DEBORAH. Then IRVING freezes the image of
text: DEBORAH, flustered, floundering, lost for a response.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Perfect.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM. DAY 20
text: DEBORAH is thoughtful. She takes out her cellphone and starts
dialog: to dial.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINAR ROOM. EMORY. DAY 21
text: RACHEL BLOCH, 60s, frail, with a cane is standing in front of
text: 40 casually dressed students - all backgrounds. DEBORAH is at
text: the side, mesmerized.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I was fifteen years old when I
dialog: arrived at Auschwitz. That’s why I
dialog: was spared. I was young and strong.
dialog: There was soot in the air. You
dialog: could smell it. It smelled like
dialog: nothing on earth.
text: For a moment, she can’t go on. DEBORAH watches her. An image
text: flashes suddenly into her head.
scene_heading: AUSCHWITZ. DAY (IN DEBORAH'S HEAD) 22
text: In close-up, a young girl’s face, squished between the heavy
text: coats of unseen women. Black flakes float in the air. The
text: image lasts less than a second.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINAR ROOM. EMORY. DAY 23
text: DEBORAH gently touches Rachel’s arm and smiles encouragement.
text: Rachel gathers herself and continues.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: There were maybe 2000 people in the
dialog: train from Theresienstadt. Only 30
dialog: of us were put to work, everyone
dialog: else was killed. I had a job in the
dialog: kitchens, so I spoke to fellow
dialog: prisoners who saw what happened.
dialog: Everyone was taken to a dressing
text: room and ordered to undress.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 10.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (CONT'D)
text: There was a sign in the wall “Put
text: shoes in cubbyholes and tie them
dialog: together so you will not lose them.
dialog: After your shower you will receive
dialog: hot coffee.” Then they were gassed.
text: It takes about three minutes to gas
dialog: four hundred people.
text: RACHEL stares out, picking out individual GIRLS.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I was a young girl. Just as you
dialog: are. And you. And you.
text: The students are electrified. DEBORAH watches, intent.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINAR ROOM. EMORY. DAY 24
text: Later. The students have gone. The Mutt is asleep. Only
text: DEBORAH and RACHEL are left. RACHEL sits in a chair.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don’t know. Sometimes I wonder if
dialog: this is worth doing.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Is what worth doing?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Talking about it all.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Are you crazy? Look at the kids.
dialog: Look at their faces.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
text: They listen, but they don’t see.
text: Not really. They don’t see it.
text: DEBORAH leans over her gets up and gives her a hug, kissing
text: her gently on the top of her head. They hold on a moment.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I think they do.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: And when we’re gone?
scene_heading: EXT DEBORAH'S HOUSE. DAY 25
text: DEBORAH returns from a run and stops at her mailbox. Opening
text: it, she finds a couple of the usual hate-mail letters and
text: discards them. At the back is an envelope with the
text: distinctive Penguin logo.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 11.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS. EMORY. ATLANTA. DAY 26
text: DEBORAH crosses the classic Southern campus - heroic Greek
text: architecture, students sitting around, playing with frisbees,
text: chatting. Teenage utopia. She’s on her cell phone, followed
text: by The Mutt. She’s got the envelope in her hand.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Anthony, is that you?
speaker_heading: FORBES WATSON (PHONE)
dialog: Deborah, I’m glad you've called.
dialog: It’s wonderful to hear from you.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STRAND. LONDON ENGLAND. DAY. 27
scene_heading: CAPTION: SEPTEMBER 25 1996
text: The weather is glowering, rainy, in stark contrast to Atlanta
text: over the view from the Strand towards St Paul’s Cathedral.
scene_heading: INT. PENGUIN OFFICES. STRAND. DAY 28
text: ANTHONY FORBES-WATSON is on the phone at the window in a
text: huge, book-lined room with a letter in his hand. He’s owlish,
text: sandy-haired, 40s. HELENA PEACOCK, 40s, tall, white-bread,
text: legal advisor, is listening nearby.
speaker_heading: FORBES WATSON
dialog: I’m guessing you got our letter.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: That’s what I’m calling about.
speaker_heading: FORBES WATSON
dialog: There’s a fresh development.
dialog: Irving’s just sent us notice of a
dialog: suit to be filed in the High Court
dialog: because we've failed to withdraw
dialog: the book.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (PHONE)
dialog: The High Court?
speaker_heading: FORBES WATSON
dialog: The High Court in London.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (PHONE)
dialog: That's London, England, is it?
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS. EMORY. ATLANTA. DAY
speaker_heading: FORBES WATSON (PHONE)
dialog: He’s saying you're part of a
dialog: concerted world-wide conspiracy to
dialog: rob him of his reputation as a
dialog: professional historian and thereby
dialog: of his livelihood.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I wish. Let me know where I can
dialog: join. So what’s the next step?
speaker_heading: FORBES WATSON (PHONE)
dialog: Next step is, you tell us if you
dialog: want to fight.
scene_heading: INT. DEBORAH'S HOUSE. ATLANTA. NIGHT
dialog: 12.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
text: A convivial dinner party in DEBORAH'S pleasant, two-levelled
text: home. Ten people. SAM GLASS, 50s, his wife STORM, 40s. SAM is
text: arguing with LIBBY HOLBROOK, 30s, lively. DEBORAH starts
text: gathering plates.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He’s not going to get re-elected.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Is that what you think?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I’ve seen the polls, tell me I’m
dialog: crazy, but when it comes to it,
dialog: who’s going to vote for that man a
dialog: second time?
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: You're looking at her. I would.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He’s not going to make it.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: Well I’m sure he’1l be heartbroken
dialog: to hear that.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Would you like a bet? Four more
dialog: years of William Jefferson Clinton
dialog: sleeping in the White House. You
dialog: say he will, I say he won't.
dialog: Cries of ‘Take the bet’, ‘Buddhists don’t gamble’
text: gamble.’ DEBORAH smiles absently and goes out.
dialog: ‘Well,
dialog: %
dialog: %
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: Jews *
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 13.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. NIGHT 31
text: DEBORAH, clearing up, The Mutt at her feet. Disorderly
text: political chat coming from the other room about Clinton’s
text: empathy for different groups. LIBBY follows DEBORAH into the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: Are you OK?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’m OK. I got another letter,
dialog: that’s all. From my publishers.
dialog: About David Irving. It’s like
text: having a stalker.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: What’s he saying this time?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Just how if I don’t apologize, he’s
dialog: going to ruin my life.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
text: On the floor. Quick. Grovel.
text: LIBBY is pointing, but DEBORAH is unamused.
speaker_heading: LIBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s happened, Deborah? Have you
dialog: lost your sense of humour?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No. I’ve mislaid it.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM. DEBORAH’S HOUSE. ATLANTA. NIGHT 32
text: An unflattering photo of DEBORAH snarling as she shouts back
text: at IRVING at De Kalb. Underneath, abusive copy - Irving
text: Trounces Holocaust Expert. “Empty vapourings” “Reduced to
text: shouting” are glimpsed. Then the context is revealed. The
text: image is on a computer screen. DEBORAH is on the floor in the
text: near-dark with the Mutt, staring unhappily at her own image.
text: It still hurts. Pained, DEBORAH clicks to a film of IRVING in
text: the square of the German town Halle, using a loudspeaker to
text: flag-waving skinheads and neo-Nazis. The sub-titles show him
dialog: telling Germans they no longer have anything to be ashamed
text: of. This is met with a chorus of ‘Sieg Heils’. He praises
text: Rudolf Hess as a German hero. Then he is led to a van and
text: driven away. Next, he’s speaking in a hall of American
text: supporters. He’s articulate, persuasive.
speaker_heading: IRVING (FILM)
dialog: I’m waging an international
dialog: campaign for real history.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: *
dialog: + eH
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 14.
speaker_heading: IRVING (FILM) (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s the word ‘real’ which
dialog: frightens my opponents, because for
dialog: fifty years they’ve got away with
dialog: their Madison Avenue, Hollywood
dialog: versions of history. Real history
dialog: is what we find in the archives,
dialog: and it frightens my opponents
dialog: because it takes the planks out
text: from under their feet.
text: The film changes again: IRVING addressing a large group of
text: JOURNALISTS in the street.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: According to the evidence I have
dialog: seen, there were no gas chambers
dialog: anywhere at Auschwitz. I’m dealing
dialog: with Auschwitz because it’s the
dialog: capital ship of the whole Holocaust
dialog: campaign. If Auschwitz sinks - and
dialog: it is, believe me, a very leaky
dialog: vessel indeed - then the whole
dialog: Holocaust campaign is in doubt.
text: DEBORAH freezes the image. Then, decisive, she gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS. EMORY COLLEGE. ATLANTA. DAY 33
text: DEBORAH walks across the busy lawn, The Mutt in tow. Everyone
text: else is lounging around, she alone is steely with purpose.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (0.S)
dialog: Holocaust denial rests essentially
dialog: on four basic assertions.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINAR ROOM. EMORY. DAY 34
text: DEBORAH is speaking with vigour to her class.
text: She points to the four ideas she has already pentelled in
text: large letters, and underlines them one by one.
dialog: She underlines 1. ‘Killings Not Systematic.’
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: That there was never any systematic
dialog: or organized attempt by the Nazis
dialog: to kill all of Europe's Jews.
dialog: She underlines 2. ‘Numbers Exaggerated.’
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: That the number killed was far
dialog: fewer than five or six million.
text: She underlines 3.‘Auschwitz not built for extermination.’
dialog: 35
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 15.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: That there were no gas chambers or
dialog: any specially built extermination
dialog: facilities.
dialog: She underlines 4. ‘Holocaust A Myth.’
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: That the Holocaust is therefore a
dialog: myth invented by Jews who use it to
dialog: get themselves financial
dialog: compensation and to advance the
dialog: fortunes of the state of Israel.
text: She then throws the pentel down and moves into the class like
text: a lawyer in court.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: War, they say, is a bloody
dialog: business. There’s nothing special
dialog: about the Jews. Jews are not unique
dialog: in their suffering, they’re just
dialog: everyday casualties of war. What's
dialog: the fuss?
text: DEBORAH looks as if genuinely asking that question. The
text: students are confused.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: OK, and here’s another question:
dialog: How do we prove the Holocaust
dialog: happened? Seriously. I’m asking.
dialog: How do we prove it?
text: The class looks a little blank.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Not a single person in this room or
dialog: outside it has ever seen a
dialog: photograph of Jews in a gas
dialog: chamber. Why? Because the Germans
dialog: made sure that none were taken. So
dialog: how do we know so many were
dialog: murdered? Because you saw
dialog: Schindler’s List? I don’t think so.
text: DEBORAH waits a moment, her concern real.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s the proof? Where’s the
dialog: proof? And how strong is it?
scene_heading: INT. CANTEEN. EMORY. DAY 35
text: STAFF and STUDENTS lunching in the Tao of Chow, a huge grey
text: hall. DEBORAH, in grim mood, is in line with LIBBY,
text: collecting food. It’s all steam and clatter.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 16.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: I don’t understand. Why do you get
dialog: so worked up? Nine tenths of these
dialog: things don’t even get to court.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh is that right? You know about
dialog: this, do you? From what they’re
dialog: telling me, if I fail to answer his
dialog: challenge, if I give him a free
dialog: ride, Irving can go to the American
dialog: courts and get my property
dialog: attached. He can take my home.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: Oh, OK.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: The man’s a liar and someone needs
dialog: to get out there and say so.
text: They go and sit down with their food.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: What I don’t get: why’s he chosen
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I have two essential qualifications
dialog: for Mr Irving. I’m a woman, and I’m
dialog: a Jew. He gets more bang for his
dialog: buck.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: Hang on, it is your book about
dialog: denial he’s objecting to?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Correct.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: You told me it sold 20 copies in
dialog: the UK last year.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: Did you even mention Irving? What
dialog: did you say about him?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I called him ‘a Hitler partisan who
dialog: distorted evidence in order to
dialog: reach historically untenable
dialog: conclusions.’
text: The words are engraved on her memory. LIBBY is deadpan.
speaker_heading: + HHH HH
dialog: *
dialog: %
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 17.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: OK, well maybe you’d better get
dialog: lawyered up.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT. ATLANTA. DAY 36
text: DEBORAH’S car pulls up at the valet parking stand of a grand-
text: looking restaurant. She gets out.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT. ATLANTA. DAY 37
text: ANTHONY JULIUS is sitting by himself making notes in a book
text: in upscale surroundings. He is 40, ascetic, and he looks out
text: of place among the upmarket, largely black clientele. He
text: looks up and sees DEBORAH through the window.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT. DAY (JULIUS POV) 38
text: DEBORAH standing by her car, gets a ticket from the valet.
text: She's nervous and it shows in how she’s slightly over-dressed
text: for the meeting. She heads inside.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT. DAY 39
text: JULIUS looks up, relieved.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Ah you must be Anthony Julius.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: And you must be Deborah Lipstadt.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It’s good of you to come all this
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: It’s nice to combine our meeting
text: with a lecture.
text: JULIUS puts his hand on the book. T.S. Eliot.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Anti-Semitism in the poetry of T.S.
dialog: Eliot?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Correct.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I can’t wait. You’re not frightened
dialog: of the big boys, are you?
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 18.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I try not to be.
text: They both smile.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: In fact I wondered if it was my
dialog: interest in anti-Semitism which
dialog: made you consider me to represent
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: In fact not.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Or whether it was the Diana thing.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No, as it happens, you were
dialog: recommended to me. Someone I know.
dialog: They said “You need a junkyard dog.
dialog: In England, that’s Anthony Julius.”
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: A junkyard dog?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: Someone ferocious in court.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Oh, I’m afraid I don’t appear in
dialog: court. I prepare the case, I don’t
dialog: present it. In Britain, solicitor
dialog: and barrister are quite different
dialog: functions.
text: The crowd in the restaurant are having a good time.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: ‘The Diana thing’? I’m not sure
dialog: what that is.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Diana? She’s the Princess of Wales.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yes, I know that. It’s your
dialog: connection...
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Oh just, Diana wanted to divorce. I
dialog: acted for her.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You acted for her?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Yes.
dialog: + eH
dialog: + eH
dialog: %
dialog: 40
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 19.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don’t understand. I thought you
dialog: did defamation.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: You're right. I put that point to
dialog: Diana myself. I said, I’m afraid
dialog: I’ve never handled a divorce case
dialog: before. She said ‘That’s all right,
dialog: Mr. Julius, I’ve never been
dialog: divorced before.’ Interesting
dialog: woman.
text: A WAITRESS appears.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: The crispy catfish. Is that a local
dialog: delicacy?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: Fins and scales.
text: She gestures to say: not allowed. They both smile.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT. DAY 40
text: Later in the meal. The restaurant is quieter and JULIUS and
text: DEBORAH have relaxed.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I have to warn you: there’s a
dialog: reason Mr Irving is bringing the
dialog: case in London.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I wondered about that.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
text: It gives him an advantage. Over
dialog: here, if you're accused of defaming
dialog: someone, then the burden of proof
dialog: lies with the accuser. It’s up to
dialog: them to prove what you said was
dialog: untrue. In England it’s the other
dialog: way round. It’s up to the defendant
dialog: to prove that it’s true.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Wait. I have to prove what I said
dialog: was true?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Correct.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: But that’s crazy.
dialog: + eH
speaker_heading: + HH HH HK
dialog: +e %
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 20.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Nevertheless.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What is this? Dickens?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: As good as. Why do you think
dialog: London's the libel capital of the
dialog: world?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’m the innocent party. A man
dialog: accuses you of something and you
dialog: have to prove he’s wrong? That’s
dialog: against natural justice. In the US,
dialog: there’s a presumption of innocence.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Yes. Not in the UK. Tricky, isn’t
dialog: it?
text: He’s thoughtful a moment.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: One thing by the way I did want to
dialog: mention: if you do take us on,
dialog: there’s no question of your having
dialog: to pay. For this case our firm
dialog: would be happy to waive fees. If
dialog: you'd be at peace with that.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I could come to terms with it.
text: They both smile. JULIUS looks shrewdly at her a moment.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: What do you know about Mr Irving?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I've read every word he’s written.
dialog: I know some of the personal stuff.
dialog: His father abandoned him when he
dialog: was four. He fell in love with
text: Hitler at the age of eight. His
dialog: brother says he ran around bombed-
dialog: out buildings in London in the
dialog: blitz shouting ‘Heil Hitler...’
dialog: He’s self-educated. And extremely
dialog: proud of it.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: He learned his German working in a
dialog: factory.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I've heard it’s perfect.
speaker_heading: HHH OF HHH FH
dialog: +e %
speaker_heading: He HHH HH OF
dialog: %
speaker_heading: + HH HHH HH
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 21.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Yours?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Adequate.
speaker_heading: JULIUS takes this in.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Irving wants it both ways. He wants
dialog: to be the brilliant maverick, the
dialog: provocateur who comes along and re-
dialog: interprets the Second World War.
dialog: But he also wants the respect of
dialog: his colleagues. England’s a club
dialog: and he wants to join.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: But he’s an anti-Semite.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Clearly. But you’d be surprised how
dialog: many military historians think
dialog: that’s just a detail. They think
dialog: Irving’s a serious historian who
dialog: happens to see things from Hitler's
text: point of view.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: But it’s not a detail. I think it’s
text: at the centre of everything he
dialog: thinks and does.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: So do I.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: He’s a liar and falsifier of
dialog: history.
text: JULIUS sustains his look to her.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: A few weeks ago, a survivor came to
dialog: speak to my class. There’s a chain,
dialog: isn’t there?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: A chain?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: A chain of testimony. Passing the
dialog: torch.
text: She leans in.
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: +H HH HF
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 22.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Anthony, this isn’t random. A
dialog: couple of years ago, Irving came
dialog: all the way to Dekalb. Then there
dialog: were threats. Now there’s a
dialog: lawsuit. There’s a strategy
dialog: underlying all this. My mother
dialog: called me Devorah. It was her idea.
dialog: Leader. Defender of her people.
text: They both smile.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: There was an expectation. When I
dialog: was a kid. My mother always said
dialog: there was going to be an event. I
dialog: was picked out, she said. I was
dialog: chosen. Well, here it is.
scene_heading: EXT. MEWS. MAYFAIR. LONDON. DAY 41
text: 1999. A CHAUFFEUR is polishing the ‘Spirit of Ecstasy’ symbol
text: on a Rolls Royce. JAMES LIBSON and LAURA TYLER walking along
text: carrying boxes of papers. LIBSON is in his 30s, with steel
text: glasses; LAURA is tall, striking, 23.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNT STREET. MAYFAIR. LONDON. DAY 42
text: LISBON and LAURA knock at an impressive black door. A
text: Barbadian MAID comes to answer.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Good morning, I think we're
dialog: expected.
scene_heading: INT. IRVING'S APARTMENT. MOUNT STREET. DAY 43
text: IRVING is lying on the floor playing with his four year old
text: daughter JESSICA as LIBSON and LAURA are ushered in to the
text: markedly old-fashioned surroundings.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Ah yes, hello, I’m delighted to see
dialog: you, I’m David Irving. Here - can
dialog: you take Jessica please?
text: He has got up and hands JESSICA over to the MAID to take out.
text: He kisses JESSICA’S forehead as he hands her over. LIBSON
text: throws a glance at LAURA as if to say ‘Is this for real?’ But
dialog: IRVING is the soul of courtesy.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: You must be bringing me Miss
dialog: Lipstadt’s documents.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 23.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Everything that contributed to her
dialog: analysis, the full extent of her
dialog: research.
text: IRVING gestures towards an area already lined with papers.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Thank you, by all means, put
dialog: everything down over there. And you
dialog: must be her representatives.
dialog: Welcome.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: I’m James Libson. This is Miss
dialog: Tyler, our para-legal.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Para-legals, indeed! David against
dialog: Goliath, already. You work with the
dialog: famous Mr Julius? It’s going to be
dialog: a fascinating encounter don’t you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: LAURA
text: Fascinating.
text: IRVING is reaching out his hand. She takes it nervously.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: As I see it, academia versus the
dialog: rest. Remember, the greatest
dialog: historians have never been
dialog: academics. We’re outsiders. Cato,
dialog: Thucydides, Gibbon, Churchill... I
dialog: field a very strong team. Perhaps
dialog: you'd like a cup of tea?
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: No thank you.
text: LIBSON looks at him.
speaker_heading: LIBSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Before we go, just one thing.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Of course. Please.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: You keep a diary. We’d like to
dialog: apply to include that diary in the
dialog: process of discovery.
text: IRVING smiles.
speaker_heading: LIBSON (CONT'D)
dialog: You're smiling.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 24.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Forgive me, I don’t fancy the
dialog: prospect of Miss Lipstadt poring
dialog: over my private writings.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Access will be limited to the legal
dialog: team only.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Come.
text: IRVING leads them across the room. Then he gestures to yards
text: and yards of shelves covered with identical black notebooks.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: I've kept a diary for twenty years.
dialog: Promise, I have nothing to hide.
dialog: But I doubt if even Goliath has the
dialog: resources to read between ten and
dialog: twenty million words.
text: He smiles. LIBSON and LAURA stare in dismay.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. IRVING'S APARTMENT. MOUNT STREET. DAY 44
text: A point of view from the window down to the street of the
text: backs of LIBSON and LAURA walking away in animated
text: conversation. IRVING, standing next to the curtain, watches
text: them as they go. He’s thoughtful, enigmatic.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT RUNWAY. HEATHROW. DAY 45
text: 1999. Through heavy rain, a haze of fuel fumes, the back of
text: an arriving plane. The landing tackle descends then there is
text: a crash of rubber, sparks and spray.
scene_heading: EXT. STRAND. DAY 46
text: A taxi splashes its way through the pouring rain and bus
text: traffic. DEBORAH frowns at the incomprehensible talk about
text: football coming from his radio. She looks up through the rain-
text: spattered window to see the imposing facade of the Royal
text: Courts of Justice as they pass.
scene_heading: EXT. MISHCON DE REYA. DAY 47
text: In the driving rain, DEBORAH raises an umbrella, then pays
text: the fare, struggling with the unfamiliar currency.
dialog: 48
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 25.
scene_heading: INT. MISHCON DE REYA. STAIRCASE & OFFICES. DAY 48
text: Shaking out her umbrella, DEBORAH is led quickly up a
text: staircase by an ASSISTANT, who takes it from her and parks it
text: with dozens of others. Wet raincoats are all puddling water
text: onto the floor. As she comes into JULIUS’ office it is full
text: of people - including JULIUS himself, JAMES LIBSON, LAURA
text: TYLER, RICHARD EVANS and others. Heads turn as she arrives,
text: coffees are being distributed, although everyone seems *
text: insanely caffeinated already.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Ah here she is, excellent, our
text: client’s arrived. The defendant.
dialog: All the way from Atlanta.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: My God, sure you got enough people?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I'll give you their names as we go
dialog: along. For now, everyone: Deborah
dialog: Lipstadt. Say good morning.
dialog: The whole room says ‘Good morning’ and ‘Good morning,
text: Deborah.’ The ASSISTANT gestures towards an empty seat. She
text: finds herself next to a saturnine Welshman in a suit, 40s.
text: Behind them, a poster framed on the wall which reads PRINCESS
text: WINS RECORD LIBEL SETTLEMENT. DEBORAH downs her coffee in one *
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: EVANS *
dialog: I’m Richard Evans. How do you do? *
speaker_heading: JULIUS *
dialog: *
dialog: Richard is Professor of Modern
dialog: History at Cambridge.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: DEBORAH *
dialog: Yes I know. He was my idea, *
dialog: remember? I asked for you *
dialog: specially. *
speaker_heading: JULIUS *
dialog: He’s one of our eight expert *
dialog: witnesses. *
speaker_heading: EVANS *
dialog: It’s a pleasure to meet you.
text: She sees a postcard stuck in the corner of the poster.
dialog: “Another victory for the eminent lawyer.” Then the signature:
text: Diana. JULIUS notices.
speaker_heading: JULIUS *
dialog: *
dialog: Yes, we’re aiming for a similar
dialog: result. *
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 26.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Do to Holocaust deniers what you
dialog: did to the monarchy?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Sort of.
text: DEBORAH has taken out twenty closely-typed pages from her
text: briefcase, and hands them across the desk to JULIUS.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’ve prepared a document on the
dialog: approach I think we should take.
dialog: Our central claim should be that
dialog: Irving is not a real historian.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Excellent, that will be most
dialog: valuable, thank you. James?
text: JULIUS drops her document casually on the very side of his
text: desk, with no interest at all.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Deborah, James is going to start by
dialog: explaining to you what your legal
dialog: options are.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: I’m James Libson. I work with
dialog: Anthony.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I recognize your voice. We've
dialog: spoken, haven’t we?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Quite. Carry on.
text: LIBSON stops for a moment and gathers himself.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: To explain: There are three routes
dialog: a libel defendant can take. First,
dialog: you can argue that Irving is
text: misinterpreting the offending
dialog: words. Since at one point in the
dialog: book you say that Irving seems to
text: conceive of himself as carrying on
dialog: Hitler’s work, then I don’t think
dialog: we can claim he’s misinterpreting.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don’t think we can.
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: *
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 27.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Nor can we take the second route
dialog: which would be to claim that the
dialog: words written are not as offensive
text: as Irving makes out.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: We can’t take that route.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: They are offensive.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I hope so. I certainly tried to be.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: So that leaves us with only one
dialog: option.
text: JULIUS looks pleased.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: We call this the atom bomb defence.
dialog: And this is the one we’re going to
dialog: go for. We plead justification.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Even if the words are defamatory,
dialog: they are nevertheless true.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Quite. Not every word. It doesn’t
dialog: have to be every word. You can get
dialog: some small detail wrong, but we do
dialog: have to prove what we call ‘the
dialog: sting’ of the libel. We will argue
dialog: that Irving deliberately
dialog: subordinated the truth in order to
dialog: propagate anti-Semitism and to
dialog: engender sympathy for the Third
dialog: Reich.
text: There is an impressed silence, no-one wanting to speak.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: More coffee?
text: Silently, DEBORAH takes a second coffee.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: We have to deal with the special
dialog: problem that in the UK the burden
dialog: of proof lies with accused. I'd
dialog: like you to listen to Laura. Have
dialog: you met Laura?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Ms. Lipstadt.
speaker_heading: + HH HHH HH
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015
speaker_heading: JULIUS
text: She’s 23. This is her first case.
dialog: She and I have been discussing this
dialog: very point. Attack it, Laura.
text: LAURA smiles, nervous in this packed room.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: We feel... Anthony feels, in this
dialog: particular case, the peculiarity of
dialog: the British law can actually work
dialog: to our advantage.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Say.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: The first reaction everyone has
dialog: when they hear about this trial is
dialog: horror.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Horror? More like disbelief. More
dialog: like fury. A court of law has to be
dialog: a lousy place to judge history.
text: EVANS is shaking his head in corroboration.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: I must agree. As a historian.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: They say: ‘My God, are you serious?
dialog: You sit down in a court and some
dialog: pompous English judge rules on
dialog: whether the Holocaust happened?’
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yeah, and let’s think about this:
dialog: what happens if we lose? We lose
dialog: and what? Suddenly it’s respectable
dialog: - it’s legal - to say the Holocaust
dialog: didn’t happen? Unless I prove it
dialog: did? Has anyone begun to think what
dialog: that will mean?
text: JULIUS is smiling tolerantly. He nods at LAURA to carry on.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: But the wonderful thing is, you
dialog: see, if we play this right, it’s
dialog: not going to be Irving putting the
dialog: Holocaust on trial. No. It’s going
dialog: to be us putting Irving on trial.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Laura’s right...
dialog: + eH
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 29.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Thank you...
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Laura’s very sound on this. Really.
text: LAURA is blushing at the great man’s praise, so hurries on.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: If we can concentrate on his lies,
dialog: and - equally important - his
dialog: motives for lying, then there’s
dialog: absolutely no reason we should have
dialog: to produce eye-witnesses.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Hang on, I don’t get this. What,
dialog: the survivors won't appear?
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: No. We don’t want them to.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No survivors?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: No. Under no circumstances.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why not? Why the hell not?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Because even to let survivors
dialog: appear would be to legitimise
dialog: Irving's right to question them.
text: DEBORAH shakes her head, furious at the ambush.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Before you settle on this strategy,
dialog: can I point out the obvious
dialog: contradiction?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Please do.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You once told me this trial might
dialog: have implications for the fate of
dialog: the whole Jewish people. Now you
dialog: say you're not going to allow them
dialog: to speak.
text: The lawyers are looking as if working out what they’re trying
text: to deal with here. When LIBSON speaks he’s tactful.
dialog: *
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 30.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: OK, just to explain the thinking,
dialog: so you understand the thinking:
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh yeah, please, I’d love to
dialog: understand the thinking.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: We believe Irving’s planning to be
dialog: what’s called a litigant in person.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
text: He plans to conduct his own case.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: He’s not hiring lawyers?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: You got it. Just think about it:
dialog: That man. In person. There he is,
dialog: in court, David Irving,
dialog: international Holocaust denier,
text: finally getting his hands on a
dialog: survivor. Imagine. Imagine the hurt
dialog: he’1ll cause. The damage. The
dialog: insult. It’s unthinkable. I’m not
dialog: going to allow it. I’m not going to
dialog: allow it to happen.
text: JULIUS has become passionate. The whole room is stilled.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: So what are you allowing?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
text: David Irving keeps a diary. Has
dialog: done for years.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: He mentions it on his website.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: He said he had nothing to hide, but
dialog: we still had to subpoena him to get
text: hold of it.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You've been to see him? In person?
text: DEBORAH is shocked, but JULIUS is smiling.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Deborah, the best defence is a
dialog: strong offence. First rule...
dialog: % *
dialog: + eH
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 31.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: First rule of litigation: whether
dialog: you're prosecuting or defending,
dialog: always run the case as if you’re
dialog: prosecuting.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Good rule. That’s why Laura will be
dialog: leading a team of researchers...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: They're joining next week...
speaker_heading: JULIUS
text: Combing through all the diaries, in
dialog: particular looking for contact with
dialog: right-wing groupings...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Neo-Nazis, skinheads, anti-Semites,
dialog: SS revival groups, all kinds of
dialog: assorted riff-raff...
text: LAURA glows, cheerful.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Also, just as important, Professor
dialog: Evans here, with his two of his
dialog: able graduate students, Nik
dialog: Wachsman and Thomas... Thomas...
dialog: Thomas...
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Thomas Skelton-Robinson...
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Got it.
text: More laughter. THOMAS is shambling, sweet, disorganized, 20s,
text: NIK is German, polo-necked, crop-haired, also 20s.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: I’m delaying taking up my position
dialog: at Cambridge...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: They're letting you do that?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Of course. Cambridge thinks the
dialog: case is important.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: My team will be doing the
dialog: historiography. Examining every
dialog: published word Irving ever wrote...
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 32.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Checking sources, comparing
dialog: editions...
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: Generally testing the reliability
dialog: of his history.
speaker_heading: NIK
dialog: You can’t imagine what fun we're
dialog: having.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: We're going to end up with a charge
dialog: sheet of inaccuracies as long as
dialog: your arm.
speaker_heading: NIK
dialog: One mistake after another!
text: THOMAS and NIK overlap, laughing happily together.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: We think it’1ll take the three of us
dialog: about a year. Full-time.
text: JULIUS smiles, pleased. DEBORAH looks round, impressed and
text: appalled at the same time.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Well I’m glad to know you guys have
dialog: got everything sewn up.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: We aim to.
text: He looks round, a little nervous.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: There is one outstanding question.
dialog: I'd been hoping to speak to you. As
dialog: you know, the firm had been
dialog: planning to do everything for free.
dialog: But really, the scale of the thing.
dialog: I fear we’re going to have re-visit
dialog: the question of charges.
text: DEBORAH looks at him, level.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m wondering if we can lend a
dialog: hand. If we fail, then of course
dialog: we're ready to carry the costs.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: So the stupid American gets to do
dialog: something? Fund-raise?
speaker_heading: +e HHH HHH OH
speaker_heading: + HHH
dialog: %
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 33.
scene_heading: EXT. LEVY’S HOUSE. WEST HAMPSTEAD. NIGHT 49
text: The last of a group of expensive cars backs into a parking
text: space, revealing the Mercedes symbol on its hood.
speaker_heading: LEVY (V.O.)
dialog: So are you enjoying your time in
dialog: London?
scene_heading: INT. LEVYS’ HOUSE. WEST HAMPSTEAD. NIGHT 50
text: A dinner with SONIA and RICHARD LEVY. Eight guests. RACHEL’s
text: in her 40s, nervous, blonde, RICHARD more expansive, dark,
dialog: 40s. Everything's a little heavy - the decor, the food and
text: the atmosphere. RABBI BRENNER, heaviest of all, a thickset
text: man, 50s, beside DEBORAH. Good china. Good glass. They are
text: all sipping soup.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’m in meetings all day. I get to
dialog: see so little of the city.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I think people here do have
dialog: concerns. About the trial.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I have concerns myself.
speaker_heading: SONIA
dialog: The community’s very keen to
dialog: support you.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’m glad to hear it.
speaker_heading: SONIA
dialog: But we’re also interested to know
dialog: what you’re thinking.
speaker_heading: RABBI BRENNER
dialog: Mr Julius is a very brilliant young
dialog: man. Can we speak frankly? There’s
dialog: a fear you may have fallen under
dialog: his spell.
text: From the end, an older woman, JANINE STONE speaks robustly.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: You won't be the first woman to be
text: attracted to his intellect. Diana.
text: Some crude laughter.
speaker_heading: +H HK
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 34.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: So far, I’ve raised most of my *
dialog: costs back home. *
speaker_heading: RICHARD *
dialog: And was that easy?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It wasn’t difficult.
speaker_heading: RABBI BRENNER
dialog: Not as difficult as in London, is
dialog: that what you’re saying?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It’s a principle and I’ve stuck to *
dialog: it. No single source of finance. *
dialog: One man offered to pay for the *
dialog: whole thing. But when the history *
dialog: of this moment comes to be written, *
dialog: I think it’s important many people *
dialog: gave, not one. *
text: There are uneasy looks up and down the table.
speaker_heading: RICHARD *
dialog: You talk about history. Look at it
dialog: from our point of view. We live
dialog: with David Irving. He’s British.
dialog: He’s a has-been. What’s a trial
dialog: going to do? It’s going to give him
text: a new lease of life.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I can’t help that. I didn’t bring
dialog: the prosecution. He did.
speaker_heading: RICHARD *
dialog: No, but you could prevent the whole
dialog: thing from happening.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: How would I do that?
speaker_heading: RICHARD *
dialog: Settle. I mean it. Sign some piece
dialog: of paper. Is that so terrible? He's
dialog: never going to give you Auschwitz.
dialog: OK, but then he’s David Irving.
dialog: We've lived with worse.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And what do you want me to settle
dialog: for? Four million dead? Three? One?
dialog: What are you comfortable with?
text: DEBORAH looks at him, not yielding.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 35.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: If I may say so, Mr Irving thrives
dialog: on exactly this kind of blackmail.
dialog: If you’re Jewish, keep your head
dialog: down, lay low, and be grateful.
dialog: Here in England, you may like
dialog: appeasement, but I don’t.
speaker_heading: RABBI BRENNER
dialog: I don’t think you should be using a
dialog: word like appeasement.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Shouldn’t I? Then what word should
dialog: I use?
speaker_heading: SONIA
dialog: All we're saying: beware of Anthony
dialog: Julius. He does these things for
dialog: his own glory. Other women have
dialog: been in his pocket and they’ve
dialog: found it an uncomfortable place to
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Well if it’s pockets we’re talking
dialog: about, perhaps you can explain why
dialog: the British find them so hard to
dialog: open.
scene_heading: EXT. ATHENAEUM HOTEL. NIGHT 51
text: A taxi swooshes past on the wet street.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM. ATHENAEUM. NIGHT 52
text: DEBORAH is lying in bed, unable to sleep. She turns over a
text: few times. Then she throws back the covers and gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. ATHENAEUM HOTEL. NIGHT 53
text: DEBORAH, in track suit, slips out of the small entrance at
text: the side and runs off down Picadilly.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON. NIGHT 54
text: DEBORAH runs along by the Houses of Parliament, Westminster,
text: the river Thames. She comes to the statue of Boadicea, the
text: heroic warrior queen on the south corner of Westminster
text: Bridge. She stops and looks up at it, angry. The sound of the
text: next scene laps over.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 36.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (0.S.)
dialog: I had a hellish night, I couldn't
dialog: sleep. I was so angry.
scene_heading: EXT. FLEET STREET. DAY Os,
text: JULIUS, DEBORAH and LAURA, all in coats, are coming quickly
text: along a busy pavement. Roaring traffic. Gusty wind.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Oh really? Why?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I had dinner last night with
dialog: leaders of the Jewish community.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: The community, eh? And did they
dialog: tell you it would suit them better
dialog: if you dropped the case?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I was defending you.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Were you? Well I’m sure you did a
dialog: very good job. Perhaps you should
dialog: take it up professionally.
text: JULIUS throws an amused look, picking up on her tone.
scene_heading: EXT. BRICK COURT. DAY 56
text: Contrasting calm. They have entered a fine square of 18th
text: century terraces, with staircases like an Oxbridge college.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: They seem to think you're taking
dialog: over this case for your own glory.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Glory? Goodness. I hadn’t thought
dialog: about glory. Fascinating. What on
dialog: earth did they give you to eat?
text: He dives through a darkened arch and up a staircase.
scene_heading: INT. RAMPTON’S CHAMBERS. DAY 57
text: A Dickensian rabbit-hole of papers, legal bundles. A roaring
text: coal fire. A powdered horse-hair wig on a stand, an elaborate
text: black silk robe on a hanger. A desk in the corner, largely
text: innocent of technology. RAMPTON is standing with a computer
text: mouse in his hand. He’s a white-haired upper-class Scot,
text: avuncular, 60s, with gold-rimmed glasses.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 37.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I don’t understand this thing, I
dialog: really don’t...
text: Beside him is HEATHER, 30s, glasses, plain suit, no-nonsense.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Deborah Lipstadt, this is Richard
dialog: Rampton.
text: RAMPTON reaches out to shake hands.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: ‘Bha, ‘tis the author of our
dialog: misfortune...’ Come in, please do.
dialog: Warm yourselves.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Richard’s your leading counsel.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I’ve explained to Deborah the
dialog: difference between barrister and
dialog: solicitor. Our legal system seems
dialog: forbidding but it works.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: If your legal system worked, I
dialog: wouldn’t be in this mess. I don’t
dialog: mind Dickensian, it’s Kafkaesque
dialog: I’m worried about.
text: RAMPTON throws an amused glance at JULIUS.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: And this is our junior counsel,
dialog: Heather Rogers.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Hello, Heather.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: How are you?
text: RAMPTON has an already-open bottle of good Burgundy, and some
text: contrasting plastic glasses.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I’ve opened a decent red. You don’t
dialog: mind plastic, I hope?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I’m not going to drink, Richard, I
dialog: haven’t eaten. And Deborah hasn’t
dialog: slept.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 38.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I‘1ll taste the wine. Why not?
dialog: Everything else is being decided
dialog: for me.
text: RAMPTON smiles, loving this reply. He sees DEBORAH taking in
text: towers of books about World War Two and the camps.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Yes, indeed, Heather and I have
dialog: been introducing ourselves to the
dialog: subject.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I can see.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: A little light reading...
text: LAURA has replied to RAMPTON’s mimed offer of wine with a
text: smile of assent. DEBORAH is looking at a picture of RAMPTON
text: in fly-fishing gear.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You ever catch anything?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: From time to time.
text: Then she looks at his books. A German dictionary.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You don’t speak German?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Ah! Like a barrister. Straight to
dialog: my weakest point. I do know the
dialog: libretto of The Magic Flute, that’s
dialog: the only German I have. Probably of
dialog: little use in the forthcoming
dialog: encounter. Cheers!
speaker_heading: DEBORAH & LAURA
dialog: Cheers!
text: RAMPTON smiles broadly. His manner is feathery.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I was hoping to get on with writing
dialog: my life of Mozart, but I see I
dialog: shall have to postpone again.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Richard is the most skilful
dialog: advocate in the country. I don’t
dialog: mind saying it.
text: But RAMPTON has sat down with his wine, grave.
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 39.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: In this case, I wish I thought
dialog: skill were enough.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What will it need then?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: A rarer quality.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Appetite.
text: RAMPTON is sombre. The room goes quiet.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Plainly I shall have to go to
dialog: Auschwitz. I hope you’1l be kind
dialog: enough to accompany me.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why do you need to go?
text: RAMPTON lights a Gitane and looks a moment, impenetrable.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Legal reasons.
scene_heading: EXT. AUSCHWITZ. POLAND. DAWN 58
text: Water drips from one of the iron letters of the arched
text: message ‘Arbeit Macht Frei.” The flat space beyond the
text: arrival area is completely deserted. Mist. Barbed wire is
text: faintly detectable, not much else.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM. AUSCHWITZ. DAWN 59
text: Huge masses of spectacles, artificial limbs, children’s
text: shoes, suitcases, chamber pots and 80,000 single shoes.
text: RAMPTON has a small Leica. He is taking flash photos through
text: display cabinet windows, his expression intense, unreadable.
text: He winds the camera on.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRKENAU. DAWN 60
text: Near the Crematorium ruins, in wasteland, DEBORAH is in
text: sneakers, near HEATHER. A little way off, PROFESSOR ROBERT
text: JAN VAN PELT, thin, boyish, in black leather jacket, black
text: polo neck, black jeans. His hair is dyed blonde. His research
text: assistant, OMER ARBEL, has large files of papers. There is a
text: long silence. It’s cold. No-one wants to be there.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 40.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Is he coming? He wants us here, and
text: then he doesn’t show up.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: He’s late, that’s all. He’s often
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Is he late for court?
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER FENCE. AUSCHWITZ. SS BARRACKS. DAWN 61
text: RAMPTON stands alone in the mist. He has a small tourist map
text: and a pocket compass. He looks at the map, then deliberately
text: starts pacing. Watch-towers and fences loom around him.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRKENAU. DAWN 62
text: The group is waiting as RAMPTON approaches through the mist.
text: He is still pacing. DEBORAH watches. RAMPTON stops and makes
text: a note, then continues towards them.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Good morning, everyone. You must be
dialog: Professor van Pelt?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Good. Then let’s get down to
dialog: business. Deborah. Heather.
text: They have shaken hands. RAMPTON seems to want to move on.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Professor?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: I suggest we start by taking a walk
text: round the perimeter fence.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I just did that.
text: ROBERT JAN stands, slightly taken aback.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Good. Then let’s look at the plans.
dialog: Omer?
text: ARBEL opens the file and takes out the papers. Everyone
text: gathers round to look.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 41.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I want you to understand the scale
dialog: of the operation. What you’re
dialog: looking at here is one of the
dialog: largest and most efficient killing
dialog: machines in human history.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Yes, we know what it is. It’s how
dialog: we prove what it is, that’s what
dialog: we're interested in. We’re not here
dialog: on a pilgrimage, we’re here to
dialog: prepare a case.
text: DEBORAH throws a glance to HEATHER who remains impassive. JAN
text: gestures to the map and to the pile of rubbish and bricks.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: This is where we are. This is
dialog: Crematorium II. The buildings were
dialog: deliberately demolished by the
dialog: Germans in the autumn of 1944 to
dialog: destroy the evidence of what they
dialog: did here. They dynamited them again
text: one week before the end of the war.
text: ROBERT JAN leads the group to the top of a small set of brick
text: steps. They peer down in the rubble and broken concrete.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: These steps led down into the
text: undressing room. The Olere drawings
dialog: please.
text: ARBEL opens the drawings. They are in graphite pencil and
dialog: very precise.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: David Olere was a French artist. A
dialog: survivor. He was able to draw a lot
dialog: of what he’d seen.
text: ROBERT JAN points to the ruined steps, matching those in the
text: drawing. ROBERT JAN runs his finger along as they walk along
text: the brick edge of the ruins.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The victims walked down into the
text: undressing rooms. Then they were
text: led through here, past a sign that
dialog: said ‘To the Baths’ and into the
dialog: gas chamber here.
text: They have come to the edge of a large mass of crumpled and
text: shattered concrete. ROBERT JAN climbs cautiously onto the
text: remains of the roof. The others follow.
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 42.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Please watch your step. Tread
dialog: carefully. This is a shrine. What
dialog: we are standing on is all that
text: remains of the gas chamber itself.
dialog: This was the roof. The chamber was
dialog: right under here. The doors were
dialog: locked and cyanide crystals -
dialog: Zyklon B - were poured in on them
text: through holes in the roof.
text: They all look round the rubble at their feet. No-one speaks.
text: As RAMPTON turns to go, he trips on something sharp.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Shit!
text: The others turn, shocked. To cover the moment, RAMPTON lights
text: a Gitane. He gestures the others to move on. RAMPTON pulls
text: something from the sole of his shoe - a rusty twist of barbed
dialog: wire.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRKENAU. DAY 63
text: They arrive at a bare-brick building. RAMPTON impatiently
text: lights a second cigarette from the stub of the first.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Now here are the delousing
dialog: chambers. Typhus was a terrible
dialog: problem at the camp and the lice
dialog: that carried it had to be
dialog: destroyed.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Ah good, now we get to it. We need
dialog: to talk about Leuchter.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: I’m coming to Leuchter.
scene_heading: INT. DELOUSING CHAMBERS. BIRKENAU. DAY 64
text: The group comes into the building.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: This is the building in which the
text: prisoners’ clothes were deloused.
dialog: They used Zyklon B for that too. To
dialog: kill the lice.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: We know that?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 43.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: For sure? You can prove it? We
dialog: can’t take anything for granted.
dialog: I’m going to need to see the proof.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: I can give you proof.
text: ROBERT JAN produces a copy of the Leuchter Report.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: However, in February 1988, a
dialog: Holocaust denier called Ernst
dialog: Zundel sent Fred Leuchter, an
dialog: engineer and self-styled execution
dialog: expert, from America to test in
dialog: different parts of the camp for
text: evidence of traces of poison gas in
text: the brickwork. He brought a camera-
dialog: man with him to document what he
dialog: found.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’ve seen the footage.
text: ROBERT JAN puts his hand on the wall, as if to feel it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: He was testing for levels of
dialog: hydrogen cyanide. HCN. Look, the
text: blue stains. Here. And here.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: He came with a chisel.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And hacked away...
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Correct.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: .--illegally, without the
dialog: permission of the authorities...
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Indeed.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: .-+. and then smuggled the pieces
text: out of Poland in his suitcase.
text: Wrapped in his dirty underwear.
text: DEBORAH is fierce, indignant. RAMPTON just looks.
dialog: There’s a
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 44,
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Be that as it may. We can criticise
dialog: his methods, but it’s his
dialog: conclusions we have to discredit.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: He found higher levels of HCN here
text: in the delousing chambers than he
dialog: did in the gas chambers themselves.
dialog: From this he concluded that no
dialog: human beings were killed at
dialog: Auschwitz. Only lice were killed.
text: silence. DEBORAH shakes her head.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don’t understand. Why are we
dialog: wasting our time? Leuchter’s not
dialog: worth the paper it’s written on.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: So you say. You have to say why.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Well of course he found higher
dialog: concentrations in here. Think about
dialog: it: It’s exactly what you’d expect.
dialog: It takes over twenty times more
dialog: cyanide to kill lice than it does
dialog: human beings. Twenty times!
dialog: Leuchter didn’t even know that!
text: RAMPTON still seems annoyed.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: The whole thing’s infuriating.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: It beggars belief. Why has no
dialog: proper scientific study been done
dialog: of the whole site? By reputable
dialog: scientists? Fifty years on? It’s
dialog: ridiculous. It’s unprofessional.
dialog: Where’s the proof? Where’s the
dialog: evidence? I need to know that.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why do we need a study? We have the
dialog: evidence.
text: DEBORAH is furious. RAMPTON looks at her.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I need to ask some more questions.
dialog: Are you happier outside?
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 45.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRKENAU. DAY 65
text: DEBORAH is standing by herself, pacing. HEATHER is a little
text: way off. Some time goes by. Inside RAMPTON can be heard still
text: aggressively arguing small points with ROBERT JAN.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I thought we weren’t going to try
dialog: the Holocaust.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: We're not.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: We’re not going to debate ‘Did the
dialog: Holocaust happen?’ That’s what we
dialog: agreed.
text: There is a silence. DEBORAH paces.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s what we agreed!
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: He’s asking questions. That’s all.
dialog: He has to ask questions. This is
dialog: not about memorialising, it’s
dialog: about forensics.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Do you know how many people died
dialog: here? And he’s asking questions
dialog: about what really happened?
scene_heading: INT. DELOUSING CHAMBERS. DAY 66
text: RAMPTON, still going at it inside with ROBERT JAN, has turned
text: to listen. The sound of DEBORAH’S anger drifting across to
text: him, discernible but indistinct. He looks at ROBERT JAN.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRKENAU. DUSK 67
text: Later. DEBORAH walks back alone to the remains of Crematorium
text: II. She stands, looking at the steps down to the rubble. She
text: closes her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRKENAU. DAY 68
text: In her mind's eye, a great mass of women's feet staggering
text: down the steps that led to the undressing room. Glimpsed in
text: between the legs, a small girl’s terrified face - like a
text: young RACHEL BLOCH. No longer than a second or two. Then
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 46.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRKENAU. DUSK 69
text: DEBORAH bows her head.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: God, full of mercy, who dwells in
dialog: the heights,
dialog: Provide a sure rest upon the Divine
dialog: Presence's wings,
dialog: Within the range of the holy, pure
dialog: and glorious,
dialog: Whose shining resemble the sky's...
text: Hearing a voice join in beside her, DEBORAH looks to find
text: ROBERT JAN. He takes out a yarmulka from his pocket. They
text: exchange a look, then lower their heads and together start
text: the prayer again, this time in Hebrew. El Molei Rachamim...
text: Some way off, RAMPTON appears, looking towards them, silent,
dialog: thoughtful.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET SQUARE. KRAKOW. NIGHT 70
text: The old town centre. The grim little GROUP, carrying their
text: bags, move across to their hotel. From the church towers, a
text: trumpeter sounds the hour from the belfry.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BAR. KRAKOW. NIGHT 71
text: DEBORAH in the corner at a basic wooden table. HEATHER and
text: ROBERT JAN at another banquette. RAMPTON appears above her
text: with a chilled bottle of vodka and two shot glasses.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I brought you a drink. I thought
dialog: you might need one.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Thank you. I do.
text: He sits down and pours, saying nothing.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you get what you wanted from
dialog: the visit?
text: RAMPTON looks up, stopped by her hostility.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Deborah, you mustn’t characterise
dialog: me without feelings. I have
dialog: feelings.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What did you feel today?
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 47.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Shame.
text: RAMPTON pushes the glass across to her with one finger.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: I have a terrible fear that if I'd
dialog: been asked to draw up those plans,
dialog: I might have agreed. Out of sheer
dialog: weakness.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: That’s honest of you to say so.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Just a fact. The world is full of
dialog: cowards and I’m one of them.
text: There’s a line of Goethe’s. “Der
dialog: Feige droht nur, wo er sicher ist.”
dialog: “The coward only threatens when he
dialog: feels secure.”
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I thought you didn’t speak German.
text: RAMPTON shrugs, modest.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: You've learnt German? In the last
dialog: year?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: How else was I to master the
dialog: documents? Irving has a forty-year
dialog: start on me. I’ve had to try and
dialog: catch up.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And have you?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: No.
text: There is a trace of self-mockery in this chilly exchange.
text: RAMPTON pours two more shot glasses.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: We'll get a trial date soon. Nine-
dialog: tenths of court craft is
dialog: preparation.
text: DEBORAH looks at him a moment, thoughtful.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You haven’t taken my statement yet.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: No. No, I haven’t.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why is that?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Anthony hasn’t talked to you?
text: DEBORAH shakes her head.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Very well. We made a couple of
dialog: decisions.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: First, we decided we don’t want to
dialog: put the case before a jury. We
dialog: think it’s safer to do it before a
dialog: judge.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: A single judge?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Everything depending on one man? Is
dialog: that a good idea?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON shrugs.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: We’re worried about what antics
dialog: Irving might get up to with an
dialog: audience of twelve.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’m surprised it’s our choice.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: It’s not. We have to get Irving to
dialog: agree.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why would he do that?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Oh. We have a notion.
text: RAMPTON smiles to himself. DEBORAH doesn’t understand.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And the other one?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Sorry?
dialog: 48.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 49.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: A couple of decisions, you said.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Oh yes of course.
text: RAMPTON looks at her, absent for a moment.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: We decided... Anthony and I both
dialog: think it would be better if you
dialog: didn’t testify.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: That’s it. We don’t believe you
dialog: should testify.
text: There is a silence. DEBORAH is fixed on him. Then DEBORAH
text: reaches and pours herself another shot.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It’s me...
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I know...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It’s me he’s chosen...
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I’m aware of that.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Of all the people who’ve written
dialog: about him, David Irving has
dialog: targeted me. I have to defend
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Of course. I know that’s how it
dialog: seems. But.
text: He stops, reluctant to go on.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What? I sit at my trial every day,
dialog: I listen to my reputation being
dialog: destroyed - someone attacks me,
dialog: attacks my work, my profession, my
dialog: integrity, and I say nothing? Is
dialog: that the idea?
text: RAMPTON opens his hands as if to say ‘Yes, that’s it.’
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 50.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Why? Because you don’t trust me?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You think I might get emotional?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: On today’s evidence...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: We were at Auschwitz, Richard.
text: But RAMPTON looks right back at her.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I remind you: I teach, I
dialog: lecture, I talk to the press...
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I order ideas. That’s what I do.
dialog: That's what I’m good at. You think
dialog: you need to protect me?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I’m not protecting you, I’m
dialog: protecting our case. Our strategy
dialog: is to keep the focus on Irving and
dialog: Irving alone. The trial is not a
dialog: test of your credibility, it’s a
dialog: test of his.
text: DEBORAH looks at him, shaken.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You don’t think I’m good enough.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I haven't said that. Irving's an
dialog: expert. He's a scholar.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And I’m not?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: You're in a different field. You're
dialog: not a historian of the Third Reich.
text: RAMPTON waits. It’s on a knife-edge.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Represent yourself. Go in the box.
dialog: Why not? Irving will be delighted.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 51.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: He’s got a huge dossier. Everything
dialog: you ever said or did. It’s what
dialog: he’s always wanted. To get his
dialog: hands on you and tear you apart.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And no doubt you think he’d
dialog: succeed? You don’t trust me.
text: RAMPTON is inscrutable, knowing this is a decisive moment.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Everything you have to say you said
dialog: in your book. Our task is to starve
dialog: Irving. Putting you on the stand
dialog: would feed him. The trial’s
dialog: happening to you, but it’s not
dialog: about you.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: This man hates me. He's coming for
dialog: me. It’s personal. When someone
dialog: hates you, you take them on.
dialog: Silence. Then:
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what people will say.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I’m afraid I do.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: They’1l say I’m a coward. “She
dialog: didn’t dare go into the box,
dialog: because she knew she would lose.”
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: You're right. They will say that.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’ll have to live with that.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Yes. Yes. That’s the price you'll
dialog: pay for winning.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. HIGH COURT. DAY 72
text: The imposing facade. Underneath:
speaker_heading: TRENCH (V.O.)
dialog: Mr Julius, is there any other
dialog: housekeeping we need to do before
dialog: we close the pre-trial hearing?
dialog: *
dialog: 73
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 52.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT. DAY 73
text: A small room. Almost informal, just a single JUDGE, JOHN
text: TRENCH, 60s. IRVING, now 61, at one table, JULIUS at another,
text: in suit and tie, with LIBSON behind him.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Just one question, my Lord.
speaker_heading: TRENCH
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: On our side, we're beginning to
dialog: feel that for the layman this
dialog: particular subject may represent an
dialog: impossible challenge.
speaker_heading: TRENCH
dialog: I see. You’re asking to dispense
dialog: with a jury?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: We are, my Lord.
speaker_heading: TRENCH
dialog: Have you asked Mr Irving his views?
dialog: Mr Irving?
text: IRVING stirs, uncertain. But JULIUS modestly interrupts.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Perhaps, before Mr Irving speaks?
speaker_heading: TRENCH
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: We all know: Mr Irving has devoted
dialog: his life to the study of the Third
dialog: Reich. I admit myself to having
dialog: sometimes struggled with the
dialog: demands of the material. I wonder
dialog: if Mr Irving really believes that
dialog: it’s fair to ask the regular Joe or
text: Joan who walks in from the street
dialog: to grasp in a mere few weeks what
dialog: he himself has taken a life-time to
dialog: master.
text: IRVING is looking at him. Which way will be jump? Then:
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I agree. The issues before the
dialog: court are sufficiently complex to
dialog: require the attention of a learned
dialog: judge, and too complex to confront
dialog: a jury with.
dialog: 74
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015
speaker_heading: TRENCH
dialog: Are you sure, Mr Irving?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Quite sure.
text: JULIUS looks, his bluff perfect.
speaker_heading: TRENCH
text: A trial by judge alone it is then.
scene_heading: INT. DEBORAH'S ROOM. ATHENAEUM HOTEL. DAY
dialog: 53.
dialog: 74
text: DEBORAH is unpacking - unfamiliar adaptor plugs, guide books.
text: She's thought of everything. Then a framed photo of herself
text: with The Mutt goes in pride of place. DAVID IRVING is on TV,
text: doing a respectful studio interview.
speaker_heading: IRVING (TV)
dialog: Naturally, I’m delighted this case
text: is finally coming to court.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER (TV)
dialog: You're representing yourself?
speaker_heading: IRVING (TV)
dialog: I have the advantage that although
dialog: I don’t know the law, I do know the
dialog: topic. It would cost me half a
dialog: million pounds to hire professional
dialog: representation. And unlike Miss
dialog: Lipstadt, I don’t have access to a
dialog: network with that kind of money.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh this is about money, is it?
text: DEBORAH is shaking her head. A knock at the door.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Come in.
text: A BELL-BOY appears with a huge bunch of white lilies.
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: The manager wants you to have
dialog: these. He’s wishing you luck.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Thank you. Thank you very much. I’m
dialog: just asking, but in your country
dialog: are white lilies lucky?
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: I think so, yes.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 54.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Just how in the States you usually
text: see them on a grave.
scene_heading: INT. DEBORAH'S ROOM. NIGHT 75
text: DEBORAH is turning her room into an operations centre:
text: unpacking books, videotapes, files onto the desk. From the
text: Sunday Times, she cuts out a photo of IRVING: “Irving
text: Predicts Complete Victory”. She tapes it to the side of her
text: computer screen. On the TV, Victoria Wood in Dinner Ladies:
text: DEBORAH looks bewildered at this most English of comedies.
scene_heading: INT. IRVING'S APARTMENT. MOUNT STREET. NIGHT 76
text: The television in IRVING'S room is also playing Dinner
text: Ladies. IRVING looks at it a moment, enjoying the humour.
text: Then turns back to his desk to carry on his preparation. On
text: his computer a screen-grab of DEBORAH being humiliated at
text: DeKalb. He works on.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH COURT. FLEET STREET. DAY 77
text: NETWORK REPORTERS are speaking straight to camera, from the
text: middle of a pavement scrum - photographers, reporters.
scene_heading: NETWORK REPORTER
dialog: This morning will see the beginning
dialog: of an extraordinary case in which a
dialog: well-known historian and an obscure
dialog: American academic will do battle to
dialog: decide whether the Holocaust took
dialog: place...
scene_heading: NETWORK REPORTER 2
dialog: Sources are saying that a whole
dialog: network of supporters in the United
dialog: States, including the film director
dialog: Stephen Spielberg, are paying for
dialog: Miss Lipstadt’s defence...
scene_heading: NETWORK REPORTER 3
dialog: ... Mr Irving is rumoured to have a
dialog: list of over 4,000 contributors.
dialog: They include a former U-boat
dialog: captain who lives in Hawaii...
scene_heading: NETWORK REPORTER 4
dialog: It’s expected that this trial will
dialog: be a long one, both sides digging
dialog: in for a protracted fight...
scene_heading: CAPTION: JANUARY 11th, 2000
dialog: 78
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 55.
text: On the opposite pavement, DEBORAH, dressed in coat and scarf,
text: is amazed to see the scrum. Resolutely she starts crossing
text: the road. The press has recognized her and is calling out
text: ‘Deborah, Deborah’ and ‘Miss Lipstadt.’ She takes out a piece
text: of paper and turns to read from it. As she does, JULIUS and
text: LAURA appear from nowhere like policemen.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Good morning, Deborah.
text: DEBORAH turns in surprise. JULIUS is wearing a black robe.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: We wanted to make sure you didn’t
dialog: go in alone.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: That’s sweet of you.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: It’s not sweet at all. We wanted to
dialog: make sure you didn’t speak.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It’s just a short statement. Look,
dialog: there’s Julie McCarthy, NPR...
text: But he has already put his arm round her and LAURA has taken
text: the other, manoeuvring her into the building. A man appears
text: in front of DEBORAH’s face.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Lying Jewish bitch!
text: But JULIUS has her quickly out of the way. As the MAN is
text: hustled away by POLICE, he is heard shouting “Don’t think
dialog: there’s anywhere to hide. We’re going to finish what Hitler
dialog: started.”
scene_heading: INT. CLOISTERS AND INTERIOR. LAW COURTS. DAY 78
text: Inside they let go, and suddenly DEBORAH is all alone,
text: looking at the amazing Gothic scale and splendour of the
text: building. She’s awed, but her contemplation of it is
text: disturbed by the arrival at the entrance of IRVING outside,
text: lit by camera lights, the press surrounding him.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Good morning, everyone. I’m looking
dialog: forward to this, if I may say a few
dialog: words...
text: She watches furious as the press write down everything he
text: says. She catches up with JULIUS, with NIK and THOMAS
text: carrying boxes of documents towards the court.
dialog: *
dialog: + eH
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 56.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Did you see him? He’1l be all over
dialog: the front pages...
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Deborah, there’s only one person
dialog: who matters and that’s the judge.
dialog: If you don’t speak in court and you
dialog: do speak in the press, the judge is
text: going to be furious. And rightly.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yeah, well, we both know the answer
dialog: to that.
text: DEBORAH looks at JULIUS bitterly.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: And another thing. You jog the same
dialog: way every day. Don’t.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I’m not saying anything. I’m just
dialog: saying, vary your route.
text: DEBORAH looks back outside. The angry MAN is still there.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM. DAY 79
text: An obvious contrast: DEBORAH waiting on the left-hand side of
text: the court which is full - DEBORAH now smiles at FORBES-WATSON
text: who smiles back. RAMPTON is in wig and silk robe, alongside
text: JULIUS, LIBSON, HELENA, HEATHER and the team of researchers
text: led by LAURA. Stack upon stack of boxes and bundles of
text: evidence. DEBORAH turns and looks up to the gallery. Some
text: obvious Irving supporters - skinheads in T-shirts and tattoos
text: and some less obvious - Aryan women and middle-aged men. Then
text: she looks to the deserted opposite side as IRVING comes in,
text: papers under his arm, bare space all around. He puts his
text: papers down in silence. JULIUS smiles.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: David and Goliath. As advertised.
text: IRVING suddenly turns and looks straight at DEBORAH. OK
text: Corral - their look held.
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE’S CHAMBERS. DAY 80
text: CHARLES GRAY, a suave, upper-class Englishman, 50s, in wig
text: and gown is reading alone. The CLERK knocks on the door.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 57.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Sir, they’re ready.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Thank you.
text: GRAY closes the book. It’s HITLER’S WAR by David Irving,
text: covered in post-its and handwritten notes. GRAY finishes his
text: cup of tea then puts it down on a desk covered with evidence
text: submissions, video-tapes and tottering mountains of books. He
text: gets up, nods at the CLERK and leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR & COURTROOM. DAY 81
text: GRAY sweeps along the corridor and into the court.
speaker_heading: COURT USHER
dialog: Court rise.
text: Everyone stands. GRAY takes his place. The whole court bows.
text: JULIUS whispers to DEBORAH.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Bow.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’m American. Everything else but
text: no bowing.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM. DAY 82
text: Later. The court is packed except for the solitary area
text: around IRVING. He is on his feet and addressing the judge,
text: eloquent, commanding, his hands mostly behind his back.
text: DEBORAH is watching closely, trying to get his measure.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: My Lord, I intend to show that far
dialog: from being a Holocaust denier, I
dialog: have repeatedly drawn attention to
dialog: major aspects of the Holocaust.
dialog: These defendants have done very
dialog: real damage to my professional
dialog: existence. By virtue of the
dialog: activities of Miss Lipstadt and
dialog: those who funded her and guided her
dialog: hand, since 1996 I have seen one
dialog: fearful publisher after another
dialog: falling away from me and turning
text: their backs on me when I approach.
dialog: My Lord, if we were to seek a title
dialog: for this libel action, I would
dialog: venture to suggest “Pictures at an
dialog: Execution” - my execution.
dialog: 83
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 58.
text: RAMPTON, a compulsive cartoonist, is drawing IRVING in the
text: side of a document. DEBORAH, looking round, sees an OLDER
text: WOMAN, VERA REICH, small, upright, 70s, Polish, watching from
dialog: the public gallery.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: These defendants did not act alone.
dialog: They were part of an organized
dialog: international endeavour to
dialog: discredit me. The word ‘denier’ is
dialog: particularly evil. The phrase is a
dialog: poison to which there is virtually
dialog: no antidote, less lethal than a
text: hypodermic with nerve gas jabbed in
text: the neck, but deadly all the same.
dialog: For the chosen victim it is like
dialog: being called a wife beater or a
dialog: paedophile. It is enough for the
dialog: label to be attached for the
dialog: attachee to find himself designated
text: as a pariah, an outcast from normal
dialog: society. It is a verbal Yellow
dialog: Star.
text: IRVING has turned to look at DEBORAH, putting the accusation
text: to her. DEBORAH stares back. RAMPTON’s cartoon shows IRVING
text: hanging from a gallows, the noose captioned ‘Facts’.
text: Underneath he has put the title “Pictures at an Execution.”
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT LOBBY. DAY 83
text: Recess. Everyone is pouring out of the court into the vaulted
text: hall. DEBORAH is with LAURA, JULIUS and LIBSON.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: So, what you did think of him?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Irving? I thought he was oddly
dialog: impressive.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Impressive?
text: JULIUS smiles, patronising.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: The only thing that confused me..
dialog: It was like Irving already knew all
dialog: our questions and points.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Yes of course. We sent them to him.
dialog: 84
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 59.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You sent all our questions? In
dialog: advance? I don’t get it. Isn’t that
dialog: revealing our strategy?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Deborah, we have no strategy. We
text: plan to box him in with the truth.
scene_heading: INT. COURT. DAY 84
text: DEBORAH watches IRVING closely as RAMPTON rises to his feet,
text: at all times addressing GRAY, never once looking at IRVING.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: My Lord, Mr Irving calls himself a
dialog: historian. The truth, however, is
dialog: that he is not a historian at all,
dialog: but a falsifier of history. To put
text: it bluntly, he is a liar.
text: DEBORAH looks sharply across at RAMPTON, realising he is
text: using her words. RAMPTON has two books in front of him,
text: separate editions of HITLER'S WAR. He holds up the first and
dialog: then the second.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Between the publication of the
dialog: first edition of Hitler’s War in
dialog: 1977, and its second edition in
dialog: 1991, Mr Irving’s views about the
dialog: Holocaust underwent a sea-change.
dialog: In 1977, he accepted it as a
dialog: historical truth in all its
dialog: essentials - systematic mass murder
dialog: of the Jews in purpose-built
dialog: extermination factories. But in the
dialog: 1991 edition, all trace of the
dialog: Holocaust in this sense has
dialog: disappeared. What are the reasons
dialog: for this astounding volte-face? The
dialog: principal reason can be expressed
dialog: in one word: Leuchter.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: The man with the dirty underwear.
text: DEBORAH is so rapt she has spoken to herself. LIBSON shoots a
text: glance to JULIUS behind, who has also heard her.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: According to Mr Irving, the
dialog: Leuchter report is “the biggest
text: calibre shell that has yet hit the
dialog: battleship Auschwitz”.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 85
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 60.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Unfortunately for Mr Irving, the
text: Leuchter report is bunk and he
dialog: knows it. So why then did Mr Irving
dialog: embrace the Leuchter report with
dialog: such enthusiasm? Why did he choose
dialog: to publish it himself and even to
dialog: write an introduction? The answer
dialog: must be that he wanted it to be
dialog: true. After all if the Holocaust
dialog: never happened, then Hitler cannot
dialog: have ordered it or known about it.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And that's the point.
text: This time JULIUS puts a finger to his mouth to bid silence.
text: RAMPTON picks up another piece of paper and reads from it.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: In September 1991 Mr Irving spoke
text: to an audience in Calgary, Alberta.
dialog: This is what he said: “I don’t see
dialog: any reason to be tasteful about
dialog: Auschwitz. It’s baloney. It’s a
dialog: legend. Oh you think that’s
dialog: tasteless? How about this? There
dialog: are so many Auschwitz survivors
dialog: going round, in fact their number
dialog: increases as the years go past,
dialog: that I’m going to form an
dialog: association of Auschwitz Survivors,
dialog: Survivors of the Holocaust and
scene_heading: Other Liars called A-S-S-H-O-L-S,
dialog: pronounced no doubt ‘asshols’...”
text: RAMPTON puts down the paper. The court is silenced. Nobody
text: moves. IRVING looks away, uninterested.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: My Lord, this is obviously an
dialog: important case. For if it be true
dialog: that Mr Irving has devoted his
dialog: energy to the deliberate
dialog: falsification of this tragic
dialog: episode in history, then by
dialog: exposing that dangerous fraud in
dialog: this court, the defendants may
dialog: properly be applauded for having
dialog: performed a significant public
dialog: service, not just in this country
dialog: but wherever in the world anti-
dialog: Semitism and bigotry is waiting to
dialog: be fed.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT ATRIUM. DAY 85
text: A buzz as everyone flows out into the echoing space.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 61.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Wow! I thought we were pretty
dialog: effective.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: That was a pretty good start.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I’m glad you’re happy.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I saw his face. When we called him
dialog: a liar. I don’t think he’s used to
dialog: hearing things like that. It was
dialog: exciting.
text: VERA has put herself in DEBORAH'S way.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Excuse me. Miss Lipstadt?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: May I speak to you?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You go ahead, I’1l1 catch up.
text: DEBORAH has said this to JULIUS who hesitates, then goes on.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I want you to come and meet some of
dialog: my friends. Friends with something
dialog: in common.
text: VERA rolls up her sleeve. A tattooed number. DEBORAH stares.
speaker_heading: VERA (CONT'D)
dialog: We want to know: How can you let
dialog: this happen? We don’t understand.
dialog: How can it be happening? This is
dialog: what you call a strategy? None of
dialog: us have been called. We have to be
text: heard. The voice of suffering has
dialog: to be heard. A trial of the
dialog: Holocaust and no witnesses? How can
dialog: that be right?
text: DEBORAH looks, her own doubts confirmed.
speaker_heading: VERA (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s a whole group of us.
dialog: Deborah, we have to testify.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 62.
speaker_heading: VERA (CONT'D)
dialog: We have to. On behalf of the
dialog: others. For the dead.
text: DEBORAH nods slightly. They are in a quiet corner. She
text: reaches out and touches VERA’S arm.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I make you a promise. The voice of
dialog: suffering will be heard. It will. I
dialog: promise you that.
scene_heading: EXT. FLEET STREET. DAY 86
text: DEBORAH comes out into the roar of traffic. The others have
text: gone. She steps out and nearly gets run over by a bus,
text: forgetting they drive on the left. A passerby calls out
dialog: “Watch out!” A close thing.
scene_heading: INT. BRICK COURT. DAY 87
text: DEBORAH runs up the stairs and into chambers. It looks like a
text: party. LAURA, NIK, THOMAS, HEATHER etc. RAMPTON is opening a
text: filing cabinet and getting out a bottle of red wine.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I see this could well become a
dialog: ritual. A welcome ritual, don't
dialog: misunderstand. Deborah?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: A well-known Attorney General
dialog: taught me very early on, one’s
dialog: always a more effective advocate
text: after a few glasses of claret. And
dialog: some sandwiches.
text: With a flourish, he opens a dusty cupboard and inside there
text: are plates of cut sandwiches. Everyone laughs and piles in.
text: DEBORAH moves across to JULIUS in the corner.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I need to talk to you. It’s urgent.
dialog: I’ve just spoken with a survivor.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Yes. Well that’s likely. I’ve seen
text: several in the court.
text: Someone hands JULIUS a glass of wine.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Deborah, we’re not going to discuss
dialog: this again.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 63.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I’ve explained to you.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Whatever you say, the survivors are
dialog: not on trial. That’s how it is.
dialog: They confuse the issue. Keep them
text: out of it.
text: JULIUS has raised his voice. RAMPTON is alert to every word,
text: but pretending not to listen.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You can look them in the face, can
dialog: you, you can look survivors in the
dialog: face and tell them they have no
dialog: right to testify? They were there!
dialog: They have the authority.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Deborah, these people came out of
dialog: hell. I understand that. After all
dialog: these years, they still haven't
dialog: processed the experience. I know
dialog: that too. But a trial, I’m afraid,
dialog: isn’t therapy. Still less is it
dialog: vindication. It isn’t our job to
dialog: give emotional satisfaction to a
dialog: whole lot of people who can never
dialog: forget what happened to them.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You think they want to testify for
dialog: themselves? They don’t give a damn
dialog: about themselves. It’s the others.
dialog: It’s their families. It’s their
dialog: friends. If you were in their
dialog: shoes, what would you feel?
text: JULIUS just looks, not answering.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Anthony, I promised them they would
dialog: be heard. I made a promise.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Well then you’d better go back out
dialog: and break your promise.
text: DEBORAH looks straight at him, then leaves.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 64.
scene_heading: EXT. BRICK COURT. DAY 88
text: DEBORAH is sitting on the wall opposite, watching as the
text: happy little team comes chattering out of RAMPTON’S chambers -
text: JULIUS, HEATHER, NIK, TOMAS, LAURA. She looks grim, alone.
text: They pass into the distance, chattering. But before they
text: disappear, RAMPTON turns back, unseen, and looks at DEBORAH.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
text: INT.
scene_heading: ATHENAEUM HOTEL. NIGHT
dialog: 89
text: DEBORAH, with boxes of Chinese takeout half-eaten, is
text: watching one of her videos: scratchy film from 1962 of an SS
text: MAN, HANS STARK, being interviewed. He speaks German,
text: overlaid with an English interpreter.
speaker_heading: STARK (GERMAN)
dialog: One day I was ordered to pour
dialog: Zyklon B into the room because only
text: one medical orderly had shown up.
text: The Zyklon B was in granular form,
text: so it trickled down over people as
text: it poured in. Then they started to
dialog: cry out terribly because they knew
dialog: what was happening to them. After a
text: few minutes, there was silence.
text: DEBORAH stares.
text: EXT.
scene_heading: BIRKENAU. DAY
dialog: 90
text: In her head DEBORAH sees a flash of what STARK is describing:
text: a slit of bright daylight as the hatch is opened, gas mask,
text: blue pellets pouring down touching bare flesh, a hatch
text: slammed shut. Screams and cries.
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM HOTEL. NIGHT 91
text: DEBORAH closes her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. DEBORAH'S HOUSE. ATLANTA. NIGHT 92
text: LIBBY is house-sitting. She is on the deck, legs in front of
dialog: her,
text: in the dark. The Mutt is beside her.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: What’s wrong? You don’t sound
dialog: happy. What’s happening?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (PHONE)
dialog: How’s The Mutt?
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 65.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
text: The Mutt’s lonely. He’s putting on
dialog: a show but he’s not fooling
dialog: anybody. You?
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM. NIGHT 93
text: DEBORAH is sitting on the side of the bed. Her room is an
text: unvisited tip. She says nothing to LIBBY’S question.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I‘1l1 tell you what’s happening.
dialog: Today one of the lawyers, the
dialog: creepy one, told me if I’d promised
dialog: anything to the survivors, I’d have
dialog: to break my promise.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: He said that?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Libby, I arrived in London, I
dialog: thought ‘These men know best, it’s
dialog: their country, it’s their system.’
dialog: I’m with a lot of people who
dialog: understand the facts. They know all
dialog: the facts. But God knows where they
dialog: keep their hearts.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT. DAY 94
text: ROBERT JAN is in the witness box. He has toned down the
text: colour of his hair and he has a perfect three-piece suit.
text: Arranged on easels are large colour photographs of Birkenau
text: and Auschwitz. Beside them are black and white drawings of
text: the gas chamber interior. IRVING is examining him.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: May I first of all welcome you to
dialog: our country and say what a great
dialog: pleasure I had in reading your book
dialog: on Auschwitz. You were deeply moved
dialog: to visit the actual location?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: More than moved. I was frightened.
dialog: It's an awesome responsibility.
text: DEBORAH looks to the gallery. VERA’S look back is unwavering.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Professor van Pelt, would you agree
dialog: it is the duty of historians to
dialog: remain completely unemotional?
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 66.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: One’s duty is to be unemotional, to
dialog: be objective, but one's duty I
dialog: think is to remain human in the
dialog: exercise.
text: IRVING nods, as if this is just something JAN has to say.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: The site of Auschwitz has not
dialog: changed very much since the end of
dialog: World War 2, apart from the
dialog: barracks being torn down and re-
dialog: cycled. Can you explain to the
dialog: court, please, why it is that in
dialog: the very earliest references to
dialog: Auschwitz published by the Russians
dialog: after the capture of the camp in
dialog: January 1945, there is no reference
dialog: whatsoever to the discovery of gas
dialog: chambers?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: I would need to see the documents
dialog: you refer to.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: That’s fair, I think.
text: IRVING smiles tolerantly at the judge’s interruption.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: It is fair, my Lord. Your report
dialog: quotes extensively from first-hand
text: testimony from a man called Tauber.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Yes. Tauber was a Sonderkommando in
dialog: Crematorium Number 2. He helped
dialog: with the prisoners, he was in
dialog: charge of roll call.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: In charge of roll call, yes.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
text: He was interrogated at the end of
dialog: May 1945.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: And, in his document, what does
dialog: Tauber tell us about the
dialog: liquidation procedure?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: The simulation, please.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015
text: ROBERT JAN looks to the judge, who nods permission. A
text: computer simulation of the crematorium is now displayed. The
text: camera moves through the concrete-lined rooms. DEBORAH looks
text: up to VERA, who is turned away, unable to watch.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What he describes is the
dialog: underground arrangement of the
text: crematorium. The entrance was
text: through an undressing room. The
dialog: prisoners went into a corridor,
text: then through a door on the right
text: into the gas chamber. The door was
text: closed hermetically by means of
text: iron bars which were screwed tight.
text: The roof of the gas chamber was
text: supported by concrete columns and
text: wire-mesh pillars.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Professor?
text: ROBERT JAN pauses the simulation. IRVING gestures towards one
text: of the photographs, an aerial view of the collapsed roof.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: In your simulation that is the roof
dialog: we can see on this big photograph
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: It is that self-same roof?
text: ROBERT JAN points to his line drawings.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Yes. Tauber says the sides of these
dialog: pillars which went up through the
text: roof were of heavy wire mesh, like
dialog: this.
text: IRVING frowns as if not understanding.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: What does it mean when it says “the
text: pillars went up through the roof”.
dialog: Went up to the roof, presumably?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Yes, but they popped out above the
dialog: roof.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: The pillars popped out?
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 68.
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN (INDICATING)
text: The pillars went through a hole in
dialog: the roof and the earth which was
text: assembled on top of the roof, and
dialog: then there was a little kind of
text: chimney on top of that.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: What was the purpose of that,
dialog: architecturally speaking?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Because these were hollow pillars
dialog: and these were the pillars where
dialog: the crystals of Zyklon B were
text: inserted into the gas chamber.
text: IRVING gestures to the drawings.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: My Lord, you can see the lay out.
dialog: You can see the pillars with the
text: wire mesh columns next to them.
text: DEBORAH is worried. RAMPTON looks up, also concerned.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: You have drawn in those wire mesh
dialog: columns have you not? In the
dialog: sketches and on the computer?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: One of my students drew them, yes.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Yes but the wire mesh is an
dialog: addition, it’s not based on
dialog: drawings and blueprints, is it?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
text: It is based on a drawing made by
dialog: the man who actually made these
text: pillars. Michael Kula. In the camp
dialog: workshop. In August 1941, he...
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: So this hole in the roof, or these
dialog: holes in the roof, how many wire
dialog: mesh columns were there? Four?
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: Four.
text: IRVING laughs and throws down his documents.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Professor Pelt, we are wasting our
dialog: time really, are we not?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 69.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: You yourself have stood on that
dialog: roof and looked for those holes and
dialog: not found them. Our experts have
dialog: stood on that roof and not found
dialog: them.
text: IRVING points at the photo of the roof as it is today, just
text: an overgrown heap of rubble, then turns to GRAY.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: My Lord, there are no holes in that
dialog: roof. There never were any holes.
dialog: Therefore they cannot have poured
text: cyanide capsules through that roof.
dialog: You will appreciate that if there
dialog: had been those holes in the roof,
dialog: which are the cardinal lynch-pin of
dialog: the defence in this action, they
dialog: would have been found by now. They
dialog: have not found them and all the
text: eyewitnesses on whom he relies are
dialog: therefore exposed as the liars they
dialog: are.
text: DEBORAH has looked up to where REPORTERS in the gallery are
text: scribbling frantically. VERA is shifting, trying to attract
text: DEBORAH’S attention. She is scrawling a note to JULIUS: THIS
text: WILL KILL US IN THE PRESS. IRVING looks to the clock,
dialog: victorious.
speaker_heading: IRVING (CONT'D)
dialog: My Lord, it is four minutes to
dialog: four. Unless Mr Rampton wishes to
dialog: say something to repair the
dialog: damage...
speaker_heading: ROBERT JAN
dialog: My Lord, may I respond to this?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: You may. But not until tomorrow. We
dialog: adjourn for today. Ten-thirty.
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: 95 EXT. HIGH COURT. DAY 95
text: NETWORK REPORTERS are already facing the camera.
speaker_heading: NETWORK REPORTERS (OVERLAPPING)
dialog: The Lipstadt trial took an
dialog: extraordinary turn in the High
dialog: Court today when evidence was
dialog: presented which cast doubt on the
dialog: idea that Auschwitz was ever used
dialog: as an extermination camp. The
dialog: historian David Irving -
dialog: 96
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 70.
text: DEBORAH, JULIUS, HEATHER, LAURA and LIBSON are pouring out of
text: the court in some disarray. DEBORAH is furious.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Just walk away. Say nothing.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why did Rampton drop it? Why did he
dialog: let it go?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Deborah, there are journalists.
dialog: Keep walking and look straight
dialog: ahead.
text: They walk past ANOTHER REPORTER doing a piece to camera.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER REPORTER
dialog: Mr Irving was effectively arguing
dialog: ‘No holes, no holocaust...’
text: DEBORAH is stony-faced. RAMPTON has appeared beside them.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Richard, if you could give us some
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I don’t have long.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: It’s all right, we won’t take long.
dialog: We have an unhappy client.
text: RAMPTON notices as VERA steps into DEBORAH’S path.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Deborah, this is disastrous. This
dialog: is what I told you. I told you! Why
dialog: didn’t you listen?
text: The group sweeps on, silent.
scene_heading: INT. MISHCON DE REYA. STAIRCASE & OFFICES. DAY 96
text: The group comes up the stairs in moody silence. They sweep
text: into JULIUS’s office. JULIUS throws down his gown.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: All right, let’s look at this
text: calmly. There’s no need to panic.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
text: Irving pulled a rabbit out of the
dialog: hat. He thinks it’s clever. It’s
dialog: not clever.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 71.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT'D)
dialog: You produce some supposedly
text: devastating piece of evidence at
text: five minutes to four.
text: JULIUS is now reaching for documents and photographs.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Here we are, look. It’s amateur.
text: JULIUS is holding out photographs. He and DEBORAH talk over
text: each other. RAMPTON has sat down in a big armchair.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: That doesn’t mean it isn’t
dialog: effective.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Robert Jan will deal with it
dialog: tomorrow. Look, look at these.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’ve looked at them, I know them.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Here we are look, perfectly clear,
dialog: the Olere drawings, the USAF aerial
dialog: photos, the Little Train photo...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH JULIUS
dialog: I know these photos, I’ve There they are. The holes, in
dialog: seen them a thousand times, I all the photos in exactly the
dialog: don’t need to look, that’s same place, same pattern,
dialog: not the point I’m making... that’s what Robert Jan’s
dialog: going to say, Robert Jan will
dialog: Say...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yes, and we know what Irving is
dialog: going to say. He’s going to say
dialog: they’re not holes, they’re shadows.
text: They're glitches on the negative.
dialog: Or they’re forgeries. Or they're
text: paint-cans on the roof.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: And we'll prove otherwise.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: How do you prove that? It’s too
dialog: late. It’s already out there! It’s
dialog: in the press.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Irving’s got what he came for. He
dialog: wanted headlines.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: +H HK
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 72.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Well he’s got ‘em. ‘No holes, no
dialog: holocaust!’ It’s 0.J. all over
dialog: again! ‘If the glove doesn’t fit,
dialog: you must acquit.’ That’s what he
dialog: wanted. He wanted a catchy phrase.
dialog: And now he’s got it. It’s like a
dialog: virus -
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Do you want tea?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH LAURA (TO HERSELF)
dialog: No I don’t want tea. You know Just asking.
dialog: what he’s doing...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: He’s making it respectable to say
text: there are two points of view.
dialog: People hear the news, they think:
dialog: ‘Oh I see, some people believe
dialog: there were gas chambers at
dialog: Auschwitz, and hey, this is
dialog: interesting - some people don't.’
text: JULIUS looks to RAMPTON, but he is staring ahead, uninvolved.
text: LAURA is giving them all tea. NIK and THOMAS are coming in to
text: pick up the photos and get them duplicated.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Deborah, you know why Irving chose
dialog: Auschwitz-Birkenau in the first
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why he chose Auschwitz? Because
dialog: everyone’s heard of it.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Because of its emotional impact.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Because it was not built as an
dialog: extermination camp, it was built as
dialog: a labour camp. Then it was
dialog: modified.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I know that.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 73.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Yes, but that’s why he’s going
text: after it. It’s a battering ram into
text: a much bigger subject. Auschwitz is
text: at the centre of Holocaust belief,
dialog: that’s why it’s also at the centre
dialog: of Holocaust denial. If you think
dialog: of it logically, it makes no sense
dialog: at all, what he said. Think what
dialog: he’s saying... “No holes, no
text: Holocaust!” He seizes one tiny
dialog: fact, and because some detail can’t
dialog: still be physically proved, he says
dialog: “Oh well then, that means
dialog: everything’s thrown into doubt. No-
dialog: one in the camp was ever murdered.
dialog: They all died of typhus! It wasn’t
dialog: the Nazis who killed them, it was
dialog: disease!”
text: DEBORAH is shaking her head, not satisfied.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I know, I know he does that...
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: For goodness’ sake, it’s the same
text: with the Hitler trick, offering a
dialog: thousand dollars...
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Exactly the same.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Tell me about it, I’m the one he
dialog: did it to. “Oh well if you can’t
dialog: find a piece of paper where Hitler
dialog: says ‘Please murder the Jews’, then
dialog: that proves Hitler never wanted
dialog: them to die in the first place.
dialog: Hitler was the Jews’ best friend.”
dialog: He said that! He actually said it!
text: JULIUS, LIBSON and DEBORAH are absorbed in their argument,
text: but RAMPTON has sat listening quietly throughout.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I have to go.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No, hold on...
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: What?
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 74.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I want to say something and for
dialog: once I want everyone to listen. I’m
dialog: the fucking defendant!
text: Frustrated and angry, DEBORAH has lost it completely, but
text: RAMPTON is staring at her, thoughtful.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Even I know what the rule is. The
dialog: client instructs. That’s the rule.
dialog: Well the client’s instructing. The
dialog: survivors go on the stand. And I go
text: on the stand as well.
text: She waits for the impact of her statement. But RAMPTON just
text: gets up and starts to leave.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Gentlemen.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What’s happening? Where are you
dialog: going? Why’s he leaving? Richard,
dialog: wait.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY & STAIRS. MISHCON DE REYA. DAY 97
text: DEBORAH follows but RAMPTON is already disappearing down the
text: stairs, with a broad grin and an ironic wave of the hand.
text: JULIUS follows DEBORAH out.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Because he has to prepare! That’s
text: why he’s leaving. He doesn’t just
text: turn up in court. He devotes his
dialog: whole day, every minute of his day,
dialog: rigorously, to this case and
dialog: nothing but! And that’s the point!
text: JULIUS has now lost it as well. DEBORAH is already shaking
text: her head. But JULIUS is heading into a conference room.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM. DAY 98
text: JULIUS comes in, and starts looking through videos as they
dialog: argue.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What you’re ignoring, what you
dialog: refuse to deal with: we know what
dialog: happened at Auschwitz because there
dialog: are people who actually saw it...
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Oh Deborah...
dialog: 99
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 75.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yes. With their own eyes. They’re
dialog: called survivors.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Yes. And put survivors on the stand
text: and Irving will humiliate them.
dialog: Remember the Zundel trial. Remember
dialog: the Exodus trial. The survivors got
dialog: torn apart. Because survivors don’t
dialog: remember. Not every detail. They
dialog: get something wrong - they say a
text: door was on the left, when actually
dialog: it was on the right - and wham!
dialog: Irving’s in. “You see! They’re
dialog: liars, you can’t trust anything
dialog: they say...”
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: That's it, that’s the technique.
text: JULIUS has put a tape in the machine. LIBSON and LAURA have
text: followed the argument into the room.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: There are survivors who believe
dialog: they were examined by Dr Mengele.
dialog: They never even met Mengele, he was
text: at another camp altogether. But
dialog: they met a doctor and today they
dialog: believe it was him. Do you think
dialog: Irving is going to respect them?
dialog: You want that, do you? Holocaust
dialog: survivors mocked and humiliated?
text: He turns up the sound on a TV image of IRVING with a crowd in
text: Florida. He is holding up a photo of a survivor with a tattoo
text: on her arm.
speaker_heading: IRVING (TV)
dialog: .-.-.- and I‘ll say to her “Mrs.
dialog: Altman, how much money have you
dialog: made out of that tattoo since
dialog: 19452”
text: JULIUS turns off the TV and throws down the control.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: You want more of that? You think
dialog: that’s helpful?
scene_heading: EXT. MISHCON. NIGHT 99
text: DEBORAH steps into the path of a taxi with outstretched arm,
text: forcing it to screech to a halt.
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 76.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI. NIGHT 100
text: DEBORAH has got into a taxi outside Mishcon de Reya. Bad-
text: tempered, she leans forward to the DRIVER.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: We're going to the Athenaeum, you
dialog: want to go to Pall Mall, it’s
dialog: quickest.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Sorry, but in this country we don’t
dialog: tell the cabbie which route to
dialog: take.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I see. And in this goddam country
dialog: is anyone allowed to say anything
dialog: at all?
scene_heading: EXT. ATHENAEUM HOTEL. NIGHT 101
text: DEBORAH, in a fury, gets out of the taxi, slamming the door.
text: Walks angrily across the pavement, past the saluting DOORMAN.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS. NIGHT 102
text: Out she comes again, in jogging gear. A few PASSERS BY stare
text: as DEBORAH moves down Picadilly, an angry woman at speed. She
text: slows by an Evening Standard news poster: NO HOLES, NO
text: HOLOCAUST. She runs on, working out her emotion. Then by
text: Westminster Bridge she comes to the statue of Boadicea -
text: heroic as ever. She looks at it bitterly, her hands on hips.
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM. NIGHT 103
text: From the shower, DEBORAH is watching the television through a
text: gap in the plastic curtain. IRVING is seen outside court.
speaker_heading: IRVING (TV)
text: Professor Lipstadt is clearly
text: afraid to go into the witness box.
dialog: What is she scared of? She’s scared
dialog: of free debate. Is her case really
dialog: that weak? I’m alone in there and
dialog: I'm speaking. She’s got more than
dialog: thirty barristers, lawyers,
dialog: experts, historians and she’s
text: silent. She’s effectively pleading
dialog: the Fifth Amendment, and we all
dialog: know that’s traditionally the route
dialog: of people who’ve got something to
dialog: hide.
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 77.
text: DEBORAH, in despair, slaps the shower curtain and lets out a
text: howl of pure rage.
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM HOTEL. NIGHT 104
text: A towel round her head, DEBORAH is at her computer e-mailing
text: JULIUS: “Anthony, we have to talk.” The phone goes.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LAURA (PHONE)
dialog: Deborah, it’s Laura.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Laura.
scene_heading: INT. LAURA'S FLAT. NIGHT 105
text: LAURA is in a bed-sitter. SIMON is serving supper. The bed is
text: behind. It’s warm, friendly. SIMON tries to move LAURA’s
text: ubiquitous work papers off the table, as though they were
text: just an inconvenience, but she grabs them.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m sorry, it’s none of my
dialog: business, but I wanted to make sure
dialog: you were all right.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (PHONE)
dialog: That’s kind of you, Laura.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I could see you were unhappy. I
dialog: know Anthony can be a little
dialog: brutal.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (PHONE)
dialog: No. Really?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: But it’s from the best motives. He
dialog: really does want to help you. I
dialog: wanted you to know that.
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM. NIGHT 106
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: That’s kind of you, Laura. But I
dialog: don’t want to be helped. I want to
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: SCENE CUT 107
dialog: * a *
dialog: + eH
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 78.
scene_heading: INT. RAMPTON’S CHAMBERS. NIGHT 108
text: RAMPTON is at his desk, buried below mounds of documents. His
text: lone light burns deep. His whisky bottle is empty, he goes to
text: the cupboard to get another. Finds a curly old sandwich left
text: over from lunch. Eats it. Goes back to his desk. Pours. As he
text: puts the bottle down, he sees the small piece of barbed wire
text: from Auschwitz. He picks it up, feels it.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON. DAY 109
text: The sun breaking over the Thames.
scene_heading: INT. RAMPTON’S CHAMBERS. DAY 110
text: HEATHER arrives for work and knocks. Hearing nothing, she
text: goes in. RAMPTON is asleep at his desk. She touches his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Richard.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT. DAY 111
text: Faded black and white photos of ventilators, and doors with
text: peepholes and grills are set out on easels. IRVING is in the
text: witness box. DEBORAH looks round for JULIUS but he’s not
text: there. Instead RAMPTON turns and looks at her very directly.
text: She's surprised. Then he gets up, no sign of the night’s work
text: on his face.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: So now, Mr Irving, I will ask you
dialog: to explain why, if as you claim,
dialog: there were no gas chambers at
text: Auschwitz, the gratings taken in
dialog: 1945 by the Polish authorities from
dialog: Morgue 1 of Crematorium 2 were
dialog: covered with cyanide ; and why the
dialog: camp's chief architect, Karl
dialog: Bischoff, specifically refers to
dialog: Morgue 1 as a Vergasungskeller - a
dialog: gassing cellar. Well?
text: IRVING shifts slightly, before answering.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I am willing to concede that they
dialog: did indeed find in the ventilator
text: grating traces of cyanide.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: They did?
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 79.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Yes. And I will also concede that
text: the room was indeed a gassing
dialog: cellar.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: It was?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Good. So, gassing what?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I think the evidence is clear that
dialog: it was used as a gassing cellar for
text: fumigating cadavers.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Fumigating cadavers?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Yes.
text: GRAY looks up, frowns.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: What exactly makes you say that?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: That is what mortuaries are for. In
dialog: mortuaries you put cadavers.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: What is the evidence for that?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: What is the evidence that they used
dialog: that room for gassing corpses?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: That is what it was built for.
text: GRAY stirs, not understanding.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I am sorry, this seems a crude
dialog: question, but what is the point of
dialog: gassing a corpse?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Because, my Lord, they came in
text: heavily infested with the typhus-
text: bearing lice which had killed them.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 80.
text: There is a pause. RAMPTON’S eyes narrow. He points to the
text: photos of the door with the peephole and grill.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Did they? Did they, Mr Irving? Did
dialog: they indeed? So why, then, please,
dialog: explain to me, why did it need a
text: gas-tight door with a peep hole
dialog: with double eight millimetre glass
text: and a metal grill on the inside?
text: It’s the kill. Time seems to slow to nothing. DEBORAH closes
text: her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRKENAU. DAY (IN DEBORAH’S HEAD) 112
text: For a brief moment, she sees the peep hole in the door.
text: Barely discernible, close-packed faces crying out in panic
text: and terror, fingers clawing at the metal grill. A small
text: girl's face lost in the turmoil, terrified.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT. DAY 113
text: DEBORAH whips round and stares accusingly at IRVING. He is
text: aware of her, but avoids her gaze. Time begins to move again.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: You will remember at this time most
dialog: of Germany was under the weight of
dialog: Royal Air Force bomber command.
dialog: There was a concern about the need
dialog: to build bomb-tight shelters.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: So now it’s an air-raid shelter, is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
text: It is either a cellar for gassing
text: already-dead corpses, or else it’s
dialog: an air-raid shelter?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Did I say either or?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: In early 1943? An air-raid shelter,
dialog: when you know perfectly well that
dialog: the first bombing raid near
dialog: Auschwitz was not until late ‘44?
text: IRVING says nothing.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 81.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: And the placing of this supposed
dialog: air-raid shelter? If it was for the
dialog: SS, then it was a terribly long way
dialog: from the SS barracks, wasn’t it?
dialog: Have you thought about that? Two
dialog: and half miles isn’t it? They would
dialog: all be dead before they got there
dialog: if there was bombing raid.
text: DEBORAH is amazed, having at last realised what RAMPTON is up
text: to. An image of RAMPTON pacing out distances at Auschwitz
text: flashes into her head as she remembers.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you really see a whole lot of
text: heavily armed soldiers running two
dialog: and half to three miles from the SS
dialog: barracks to these cellars at the
dialog: far end of Birkenau camp?
text: RAMPTON is lethal, in complete control now.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: You see I’m trying to understand,
dialog: if there was this dual function,
dialog: if you can help me, if the corpses
dialog: were also gassed in there, then as
dialog: I understand it, they were then
dialog: sent to be incinerated?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Mr Irving, what would be the point
dialog: of gassing a corpse which was
dialog: shortly going to be burnt?
text: IRVING looks away. DEBORAH stares in intense anger.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I am not sure, saying this off the
dialog: top of my head, Mr Rampton. I’m not
dialog: a Holocaust historian, I’m a Hitler
dialog: historian.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Then why don’t you keep your mouth
dialog: shut about the Holocaust?
text: RAMPTON’s contempt is now complete.
dialog: 114
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 82.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: The truth is that, as usual, Mr
dialog: Irving, you dive in off the board,
dialog: saying whatever rubbish comes into
dialog: your head in order to avoid drawing
dialog: the obvious conclusion. This is not
dialog: because you’re a rotten historian.
dialog: It’s because you’re a bent one, as
dialog: well.
text: Silence. No-one moves. Inadvertently IRVING finds DEBORAH’s
text: stare, but looks away at once as if nothing has happened.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. HIGH COURT. DAY 114
text: DEBORAH comes out, very moved by what she has heard. There
text: are not many people about. She sees VERA sitting by herself
text: on a bench, also plainly stunned by the morning. DEBORAH,
text: saying nothing, goes and sits next to her. Then she takes her
text: hand and holds it her. VERA squeezes hers in response.
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM. NIGHT 115
text: RAMPTON is standing in the corridor. He is holding a bottle
text: of red wine. He knocks on the door. He waits a few moments,
text: and DEBORAH opens it. She is wearing a dressing gown over her
text: day clothes, and is plainly not expecting him. She’s shocked.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Forgive me. Perhaps I should have
dialog: rung. I thought it would be
dialog: interesting to see where you lived.
text: DEBORAH says nothing.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Is that all right?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yes. Of course it’s all right. Come
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’m afraid I’m a little bit
text: disorganized.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Well I’m sure that’s not going to
dialog: bother me.
text: RAMPTON enters. It’s a bit of a pigsty. She’s been here for
text: weeks, and stuff has accumulated. He holds up the wine.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 83.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: The 1995 Pommard Les Epenots is
dialog: quite special, I think, don’t you?
dialog: You had it before, remember?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh. Yes.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: You could call it our wine.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: There are glasses here.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Shame. I rather like plastic, but
dialog: you can’t have everything.
text: He smiles at her, easy. She’s bewildered by his visit. She
text: gets the glasses. He sits down with the corkscrew.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: I like to treat myself a little,
dialog: don’t you? Why should all the bad
dialog: people have all the good things in
dialog: life? Like this?
text: He holds the bottle up again.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You had a good morning.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I did, didn’t I? I felt it rather
dialog: went my way. Cheers.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Cheers.
text: They raises glasses and drink.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s paying off.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Your technique. The idea you had of
text: never catching his eye.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Oh you’ve noticed, have you?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What do you think I’ve been doing
dialog: the last few weeks?
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 84.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: It’s my way of telling him what I
text: think of him. I don’t even look at
text: him. It’s getting under his skin.
text: DEBORAH is looking at him now.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I owe you an apology.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Do you? I can’t think what for.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: At Auschwitz.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I thought you were late. And I
dialog: thought you were rude. Of course
dialog: now I understand. You were pacing
dialog: the distance.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I had to.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I understand that now.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: It’s a murder scene, you go to the
dialog: site of the crime.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You were preparing a case. You had
text: to be sure. However disrespectful
dialog: you seemed. However heartless.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Of course. That’s what I do.
text: RAMPTON looks at her. He is very moved.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: I had no idea what to expect. It
dialog: was a brief. My previous brief,
dialog: believe it or not, was working for
dialog: Macdonalds. I thought I knew what
dialog: six million meant. But I didn’t. It
dialog: was just a number. If I'd stayed in
dialog: that place any longer, I would have
dialog: been too angry to handle the case.
dialog: How could Auschwitz just be a
dialog: brief? I was amazed that you seemed
dialog: to think it could ever be that.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 85.
text: DEBORAH acknowledges this silently.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s painful for me to watch a
dialog: client in such distress. We didn’t
dialog: set out to make you unhappy.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I know that.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Well?
text: DEBORAH hesitates.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I never trusted anyone to do
dialog: anything. Since I was a child. All
dialog: I have is my voice, my conscience.
dialog: Just that. And I have to listen to
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Your conscience?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Interesting things, consciences.
dialog: Problem is: What feels best isn’t
dialog: always what works best. By all
dialog: means, stand up, look the devil in
dialog: the eye, have a go at him. Yes,
dialog: very satisfying. Why not? See what
dialog: happens. And risk losing. Not just
dialog: for yourself. For the others. For
dialog: everyone. For ever.
text: DEBORAH gets up and moves across the room. It’s unbearable.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Or?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: You know ‘or’. Stay seated. Bite
dialog: your tongue. Defeat him for good. I
dialog: need an act of denial.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: How can you ask me that? Do you
dialog: have any idea how hard it is to
dialog: hand your conscience over to
dialog: somebody else? It’s everything I
dialog: thought I never would do. All
dialog: right, I’1l hand mine over to a fly-
text: fishing, whisky-drinking Scotsman.
speaker_heading: +H HK
speaker_heading: +H HH HF
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 86.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Thank you, Deborah. I appreciate
dialog: that.
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM. NIGHT 116
text: DEBORAH closes the door. RAMPTON has gone. She goes to the
text: table. There, the empty bottle of red wine, the two glasses.
text: She picks up a cartoon which RAMPTON has left for her. She
text: looks at it, relieved. Then she drains the wine from one of
dialog: the glasses.
scene_heading: EXT. STRAND. DAY 117
text: The law-courts in the morning. Across the street, a small,
dialog: unpretentious cafe.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE. DAY 118
text: Eggs sizzle on a grill. RAMPTON is sitting eating bacon and
text: eggs. There’s condensation on the windows, back-lit by pale
text: wintry sunshine. DEBORAH comes in to join him. She nods at
text: the large fearsome-looking black lump on his plate.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: There you are. What is that?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Black pudding. Traditional. It’s
dialog: made from blood.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And you want to live to the end of
dialog: the trial, do you?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Well you've cheered up since last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’ve cheered up because of last
dialog: night.
text: A WAITRESS has appeared.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Black pudding for my friend please.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Ignore him. A bagel. You know?
text: Plain. Round. With a hole. Like a
dialog: doughnut .
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: We know what a bagel is.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 87.
text: She goes. DEBORAH calls after her.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And not toasted!
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: I need this. It’s going to be a
dialog: tough day.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Proving intention?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Richard Evans has given us plenty
dialog: of places where Irving got his
dialog: facts wrong.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: But we have to prove he got them
dialog: wrong intentionally.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I love Irving's defence. It makes
dialog: me laugh. “Be fair, I’m an honest
dialog: historian, I may have made a few
dialog: mistakes. Historians do. Yes, I
dialog: screwed up, but I didn’t screw up
dialog: deliberately.”
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
text: He’s fighting for his life.
dialog: Remember, he knows the law just as
dialog: well as we do. Unless we can prove
dialog: Irving's mistakes were deliberate,
dialog: we lose. We lose.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT. DAY 119
text: EVANS is in the box. IRVING is cross-examining. DEBORAH looks
text: across to two perfect blonde WOMEN, who look like Valkyries
text: in leather and furs behind IRVING. GRAY shifts, impatient.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Mr Irving, the defence are claiming
dialog: that you deliberately falsified
dialog: evidence to suit your own political
dialog: purposes. You must address that
dialog: charge. We must deal with what we
dialog: call ‘keine liquidierung’.
text: GRAY gestures to him to continue.
speaker_heading: + HH FH *
dialog: %
speaker_heading: + HH HH
speaker_heading: +H HK
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 88.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Very well. We are looking first at
dialog: the November 30th entry, am I
dialog: right?
text: IRVING is about to speak but EVANS turns to GRAY.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: My Lord, if I may explain the
dialog: context?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: Heinrich Himmler, the Head of the
dialog: SS, kept a log in which he made a
dialog: record of every telephone call he
dialog: gave and received. In 1941, he
dialog: called Heydrich from Hitler's
dialog: bunker to give him instructions.
dialog: After the call he wrote some words.
dialog: “Judentransport aus Berlin. Keine
dialog: Liquidierung.” Which clearly means
dialog: “The Jew Transport from Berlin. No
dialog: liquidation.”
text: For emphasis he repeats the line slowly.
speaker_heading: EVANS (CONT'D)
dialog: “The Jew Transport” - singular -
dialog: “From Berlin.”
text: EVANS picks up HITLER’S WAR. DEBORAH looks expectantly to
text: RAMPTON as if to say ‘Is this the moment?’ RAMPTON tilts his
text: head to get DEBORAH to look towards EVANS.
speaker_heading: EVANS (CONT'D)
dialog: In HITLER'S WAR you write something
dialog: completely different. “At 1.30
dialog: Himmler was obliged to telephone
dialog: from Hitler’s bunker to Heydrich
dialog: the explicit order that Jews were
dialog: not to be liquidated.” In other
dialog: words, you mistranslate the log so
dialog: as to pretend that this order came
dialog: directly from Hitler - which it
dialog: didn’t - they hadn’t even met that
dialog: day - and that it applied not to
dialog: just one particular trainload but
dialog: to all Jews throughout Germany. And
dialog: in order to bolster this false
dialog: impression, you omit the word
dialog: ‘Berlin’ altogether.
text: EVANS smiles, conclusive. Now RAMPTON and DEBORAH both lean
text: in, scenting the kill.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 89.
speaker_heading: EVANS (CONT'D)
dialog: So your claim to have
dialog: incontrovertible proof that Hitler
dialog: tried to stop the liquidation of
dialog: the Jews - as opposed to one
dialog: particular trainload of Jews - is
dialog: false. You knew it then and you
dialog: know it now. It’s wrong.
text: IRVING smiles as though he knows better.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Of course if you privately decided
dialog: that it was a reasonable kind of
dialog: mistake to make when one is reading
dialog: a new document for the first time,
dialog: you would immediately tell the
dialog: court, would you not?
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: Of course I would. I do not feel
dialog: this is a reasonable mistake to
dialog: make. I believe it’s deliberate.
text: DEBORAH lets out an involuntary snort. The Nordic blondes and
text: IRVING hear it and turn to her, glaring. RAMPTON whispers to *
scene_heading: DEBORAH. *
speaker_heading: RAMPTON *
dialog: Don’t worry, they can’t turn you to *
dialog: stone. *
speaker_heading: DEBORAH *
dialog: I got to go pee. *
text: DEBORAH gets up to go out. JULIUS sitting next to LAURA *
text: signals to her with a tilt of the head. *
scene_heading: INT. LADIES’ ROOM. DAY 120
text: DEBORAH opens the door of her stall, comes out. There is only
text: one basin vacant, between the two Aryan women. One of them is
text: adjusting her make-up, the other washing her hands. Suddenly
text: very aware of being a Jew among Nazis, DEBORAH goes to the
text: middle basin and washes. The two WOMEN stare at her, silent.
text: Then DEBORAH goes to dry her hands on the towel. The two
text: WOMEN are still staring.
scene_heading: INT. LAW COURTS. DAY 121 *
text: DEBORAH comes out, shaken. LAURA waiting for her outside. *
text: They say nothing as they return to the court, side by side. *
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 90.
scene_heading: INT. LAURA'S FLAT. NIGHT 122
text: LAURA is working at documents at the little table under a
text: single light. SIMON is already in bed. He sits up.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Because I’m tired of it. You didn’t
dialog: even want to be a lawyer.
dialog: She's tired, and could do without this. He’s gentle.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Holocaust, holocaust. There are
dialog: other things. At some point doesn’t
dialog: everyone have to let go? Is this
dialog: going to go on for ever? It’s an
dialog: obsession. How many years? Are they
dialog: ever going to let go of this
dialog: grievance?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I think it’s rather more than a
dialog: grievance.
text: LAURA doesn’t turn, she’s too angry. She works on. SIMON gets
text: up and comes to try and kiss her, but she’s cold.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t think you should say any
dialog: more.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT. DAY 123
text: The familiar NETWORK REPORTERS outside a busy court.
speaker_heading: NETWORK REPORTERS (OVERLAPPING)
dialog: Today, this punishing trial finally
text: heads towards its conclusion. The
dialog: defence will have its fifth and
dialog: final chance to examine David
dialog: Irving. The defence will be seeking
dialog: to make a connection between
dialog: Irving’s work as a historian and
dialog: what they allege is his more
dialog: general anti-Semitism and racism...
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT. DAY 124
text: The court is once more packed. IRVING is seen on video.
speaker_heading: IRVING (VIDEO)
dialog: I find the whole Holocaust story
dialog: utterly boring.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 91.
speaker_heading: IRVING (VIDEO) (CONT'D)
dialog: The Jews keep going on about the
dialog: Holocaust because it is the only
dialog: interesting thing which has
dialog: happened to them in 3,000 years.
dialog: I’m not interested in the
dialog: Holocaust, I don’t know anyone who
dialog: is.
text: RAMPTON freezes the image.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: That’s an excerpt from a speech you
dialog: made at the Best Western Hotel in
dialog: Tampa on July 25th 1998.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I remember speaking, I do not know
dialog: what the date was.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: You said “I think 95% of the
dialog: thinking public find the Holocaust
dialog: endlessly boring but they dare not
dialog: say it, because it is politically
dialog: incorrect.”
text: IRVING shrugs as if to say “Well it’s true.” DEBORAH is
text: watching like a hawk, eyes on RAMPTON.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Mr Irving, next I want to refer you
dialog: to a talk you gave to the Clarendon
dialog: Club, whatever that may be, on 19th
dialog: September 1992. The transcripts.
dialog: Tab 5, My Lord, page 35.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Thank you.
text: A VIDEO plays of IRVING at the Clarendon Club.
speaker_heading: IRVING (VIDEO)
dialog: But if there is one thing that gets
dialog: up my nose I must admit it is this.
text: I switch on my television set and
dialog: see one of them reading our news to
dialog: us.
text: RAMPTON stops the video.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
text: Now, Mr. Irving, who is the “them”
dialog: and who is the “us”?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Trevor McDonald.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 92.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: McDonald?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: A newsreader, my Lord.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
text: A black newsreader.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Well in fact this is a stock speech
dialog: I used to make. I would say “In the
dialog: good old days, the announcer used
dialog: to wear a dinner jacket, but now
dialog: they have women reading the news,
dialog: and they have -”" it’s part of a
dialog: general speech.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Yes. “It is our news and they’re
dialog: reading it to me.”
text: RAMPTON starts the video again.
speaker_heading: IRVING (VIDEO)
dialog: If “they” could have their own news
dialog: which they were reading to us I
dialog: suppose it would be very
dialog: interesting. For the time being, I
dialog: would be prepared to accept that
dialog: the BBC should have a dinner-
text: jacketed gentleman reading all the
text: important news, followed by a lady
dialog: reading all the less important
text: news. Followed by Trevor McDonald
dialog: giving all the latest news about
text: muggings and drug busts.
text: RAMPTON turns the video off.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
text: “Rest lost in loud laughter and
dialog: applause.” Are you not appalled by
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Not in the least. This is a witty
dialog: speech delivered after dinner to an
text: audience in a private club.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: ‘Witty’, did you say?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Well, it got laughter.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 93.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
text: No doubt. As Dr Goebbels’ audience
dialog: would have laughed at him.
text: LAURA is watching intently, appalled. DEBORAH looks down to
text: the familiar cartoon in front of her, and for the first time
text: looks not at her own gagged figure but at RAMPTON leading the
text: charge. She smiles to herself.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: “I am not anti-coloured, take it
dialog: from me. Nothing pleases me more
dialog: than when I arrive at an airport
dialog: and I see a coloured family there -
dialog: When I see black families arriving
dialog: at the airport I am happy. And when
dialog: I see them leaving at London
dialog: airport I am happy.” Well, Mr
dialog: Irving? Well?
text: IRVING shrugs, as if it were nothing.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I think we all dislike tourists of
dialog: any colour.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Tourists? These are black people.
dialog: You were speaking to a bunch of
dialog: racists.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: No I was not. They were perfectly
dialog: ordinary guests at a...
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: If they were ordinary, why were
dialog: there cheers?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Well obviously they liked the
dialog: jokes.
text: RAMPTON looks at him in disbelief.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Mr Irving, before we proceed any
dialog: further, I think you might be
dialog: advised to have a look at your own
dialog: diary, if you would not mind.
dialog: 38, please, Mr Irving. 38, tab 10
dialog: of the bundle k4.
text: RAMPTON is forbidding now, lifting a new document. It’s tense
text: as IRVING and GRAY both turn pages. Then:
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 94,
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
text: “A quiet evening at home.
dialog: Jessica...” Who is Jessica?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: My little infant child.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: She was nine months old at this
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
text: Nine months old in September 1994.
text: “Jessica is turning into a fine
text: little lady. She sits very upright
text: on an ordinary chair, a product of
dialog: our regular walks to the bank, I am
dialog: sure. On those walks we sing the
dialog: binkety-bankety-bong song. She
text: stars in a poem when half-breed
text: children are wheeled past.” And
dialog: then you go into italics: “I ama
dialog: baby Aryan/ Not Jewish or
dialog: sectarian/ I have no plans to
dialog: marry/ An ape or Rastafarian."
text: There is a silence. RAMPTON puts the document down. DEBORAH
text: is open-mouthed in disbelief.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Racist, Mr Irving? Anti-Semitic, Mr
dialog: Irving?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: I do not think so.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Teaching your little child this
dialog: kind of poison?
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Do you think a nine month old can
dialog: understand words spoken in English
dialog: or any other language?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: The poor little child has been
text: taught a racist ditty by her
dialog: perverted racist father.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Have you ever read Edward Lear or
dialog: Hilaire Belloc?
dialog: 125
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 95.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: They have not brought a libel
dialog: action, Mr Irving. You have. Mr
dialog: Irving, you sued because you said
dialog: we called you a racist and an
dialog: extremist.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Yes, but I am not a racist.
text: RAMPTON is finished. He does not even look at IRVING.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Mr Irving, look at the words on the
dialog: page.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH COURT. DAY 125
text: The whole gang coming out together - DEBORAH, RAMPTON, LAURA,
text: JULIUS, LIBSON etc. They are high as kites.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: That was good stuff...
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: Well done, there it is. Anti-
dialog: Semitism, racism, holocaust denial:
dialog: we always said it was a package
dialog: didn’t we? Symptoms, motive,
dialog: purpose. What else do they want?
text: DEBORAH looks at JULIUS who is impassive.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What did you think, Anthony?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Think? I thought nothing. Much the
dialog: most boring morning we've had in
dialog: court so far.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: My God... You do love to be
dialog: contrary.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: The man’s an anti-Semite. It’s like
dialog: having shit on your shoe. You wipe
dialog: it off. You don’t have to study it.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Thanks Anthony. My whole life's
dialog: been studying it.
text: They both laugh.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 125A
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 96.
scene_heading: EXT. STRAND. DAY 125A
text: Continuous. DEBORAH takes JULIUS on one arm and RAMPTON on
text: the other as they prepare to cross the road. As they wait for
text: a bus to pass, IRVING is talking to KATE KELLAND, a Reuters
text: reporter in the background.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: You can hardly accuse me of being a
dialog: racist. Among my domestic staff I
dialog: had a Barbadian, a Punjabi, a Sri
dialog: Lankan, and Pakistani. And I can
dialog: tell you they were all very
dialog: attractive girls with very nice
dialog: breasts.
text: KELLAND stands, amazed. IRVING is matter of fact.
speaker_heading: KELLAND
dialog: I’m sorry? Can you say that again?
scene_heading: INT. RAMPTON’S CHAMBERS. DAY 126
text: Everyone gathered together for the last time, eating
text: sandwiches, drinking wine - DEBORAH, JULIUS, LAURA, HEATHER,
text: LIBSON, NIK, THOMAS. There is a silence. Then:
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: You know what I'll miss? I‘1l miss
dialog: these lunches.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Me too. Me too.
text: They look round, smiling. Then raise their glasses silently.
text: LAURA looks to DEBORAH.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: It’s something I never expected. My
dialog: parents made me take up law. And
dialog: the first case I get, I feel I’m
dialog: making a difference. It’s a
dialog: wonderful feeling. I never, ever
dialog: expected that.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: But, Laura, why on earth do you
dialog: think it’s any different for me?
text: RAMPTON has looked up in genuine surprise.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH COURT. DAY 127
text: The pavements are crammed again, with news crews, as the
text: GROUP returning from lunch pass the NETWORK REPORTERS.
dialog: *
dialog: + eH
speaker_heading: + HH HHH HF
dialog: %
dialog: 128
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 97.
scene_heading: NETWORK REPORTERS
dialog: This trial has been both long, now
dialog: running for almost eight weeks and
dialog: hugely expensive. Its cost is
dialog: currently estimated at over three
dialog: million pounds. Some are saying
dialog: this trial raises serious issues
dialog: for freedom of speech. Now only the
text: two summings-up remain before the
dialog: judge, Charles Gray QC, retires for
dialog: what we are told will be at least
dialog: four weeks to consider his verdict.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT. DAY 128
text: The court overflowing now. RAMPTON comes across to DEBORAH.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Is your survivor friend in the
dialog: court?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why?
text: DEBORAH nods up to VERA sitting in her place. RAMPTON puts
text: his hand on her arm, then moves across to address the court.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: My Lord, I start with this, that if
dialog: one had read some of the media
dialog: reports, one might have supposed
dialog: that Mr Irving had been dragged
dialog: into this court to defend his
dialog: freedom of speech. The history of
dialog: the matter is quite the reverse.
dialog: The defendant did make serious
dialog: charges. But, as it turns out from
dialog: the evidence, the accusations are
dialog: true in every significant respect.
text: RAMPTON shares a look with DEBORAH before continuing. He
dialog: really wants her to hear this.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: The Holocaust took place in stages.
dialog: The first stage, beginning in 1941,
dialog: consisted of mass shootings carried
dialog: out by specially formed SS groups
dialog: and their local allies.
text: DEBORAH closes her eyes. There is a moment as the faces of a
text: multitude of people are shown on the walls of the court, as
dialog: if the ghosts of the dead were present.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 98.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: This resulted in the deaths of up
dialog: to 1.5 million Jews living in
dialog: Russia and the Baltic States. The
dialog: second stage, which began in
dialog: December 1941, consisted of the
dialog: gassing of Jews of the Warthegau
dialog: and Poland. This resulted in the
dialog: deaths of probably as many as 2.6
text: million. The third stage, beginning
dialog: with mass deportations in 1941,
text: culminated in the gassing, mostly
dialog: at Auschwitz, of Jews from Central,
dialog: Western and Southern Europe. This
dialog: stage lasted until late 1944.
text: At this point RAMPTON looks to DEBORAH then turns and looks
text: up to the gallery where VERA and the other SURVIVORS are
text: sitting. He addresses them.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: The total achievement of this
dialog: systematic mass murder was probably
dialog: between five and six million
dialog: innocent souls.
text: RAMPTON bows imperceptibly to VERA who stares back, moved.
text: The multitude disappears. DEBORAH watches, not breathing.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: It is wildly implausible therefore
dialog: to present Adolf Hitler as a
dialog: somewhat harried business
text: executive, too preoccupied to know
dialog: what was happening in the branch
dialog: offices in Treblinka and Auschwitz.
dialog: During this trial we have heard
dialog: from Professor Evans and others of
dialog: at least twenty five major
dialog: falsifications of history. Well,
dialog: says Mr Irving, all historians make
dialog: mistakes. But there is a difference
dialog: between negligence, which is random
dialog: in its effect and a deliberateness
dialog: which is far more one-sided. All Mr
dialog: Irving's little fictions, all his
dialog: tweaks of the evidence, all tend in
dialog: the same direction: exculpation of
dialog: Adolf Hitler. It is, to use an
dialog: analogy, like a waiter who always
dialog: gives the wrong change. If the
dialog: waiter is honest, then we may
dialog: expect his mistakes sometimes to
dialog: benefit the customer, sometimes
dialog: himself. But Mr Irving is the
dialog: dishonest waiter. Every one of his
text: mistakes works in his own favour.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 99.
text: For once at the trial DEBORAH smiles.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON (CONT’D)
dialog: How far, if at all, Mr Irving's
dialog: anti-Semitism is a cause of his
dialog: Hitler apology, or vice versa, is
dialog: unimportant. Whether they are taken
dialog: together or individually it is
dialog: clear they have led him to
dialog: prostitute his reputation as a
dialog: serious historian for the sake of a
dialog: bogus rehabilitation of Hitler, and
dialog: the dissemination of virulent anti-
dialog: Semitic propaganda.
text: GRAY stirs at this point.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Yes, this is a question I have to
dialog: ask you, Mr Rampton.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: By all means, my Lord.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: My question is this: if somebody is
dialog: anti-Semitic, anti-Semitic and
dialog: extremist, he is perfectly capable
dialog: of being honestly anti-Semitic?
dialog: Yes? He is holding those views and
dialog: expressing those views because they
dialog: are indeed his views.
text: RAMPTON is thrown, unsteady, bewildered by the question.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: Well, yes.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: And so it seems to me, if it comes
dialog: down to it, that the anti-Semitism
dialog: is a completely separate allegation
dialog: which has precious little bearing
dialog: on your broader charge that he has
dialog: manipulated the data?
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: No, my Lord. No. The whole
dialog: endeavour of the defence has been
dialog: to prove that the two are
dialog: connected.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Yes, but he might believe what he
dialog: is saying. That is the point. That
dialog: is why it’s important.
dialog: 129
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 100.
text: DEBORAH looks to JULIUS, who looks equally alarmed. For a
text: moment, RAMPTON is lost.
speaker_heading: RAMPTON
dialog: My Lord, if we know for a fact that
dialog: Mr Irving is an anti-Semite, and if
dialog: we also know that there is no
dialog: historical justification for
dialog: Holocaust denial, then surely it’s
dialog: not a great stretch to see the two
dialog: things must be connected?
speaker_heading: + HH HH
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Yes, thank you. Carry on.
text: DEBORAH turns again to JULIUS, who is shaking his head.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What the fuck just happened?
text: JULIUS looks to RAMPTON, for the first time fear in his eye. *
scene_heading: INT & EXT. DEBORAH’S HOUSE. DAY 129
text: The Mutt runs happily across the kitchen to be beside
text: DEBORAH, a towel round her neck, fresh from jogging as she
text: vigorously throws cut lemons into a blender. The blender
text: whirs. She makes an icy jug of lemonade. She takes the *
text: lemonade through to the pretty terrace where LIBBY is *
dialog: sitting.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: Well? How was it?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh...
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: You've hardly said anything since *
dialog: you got back. *
text: DEBORAH looks at her, as if finally about to say. *
speaker_heading: DEBORAH *
dialog: I’1l tell you what happened at the
dialog: end. We summed up. Irving summed
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH *
dialog: Everyone kept saying, this is all
dialog: great, everything’s going to be
dialog: fine. Then suddenly this judge,
dialog: this unbelievable Englishman from
dialog: Masterpiece Theatre -
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 101.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: I like Masterpiece Theatre.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: OK. At the last moment he looks up *
dialog: and says “Well maybe Irving
dialog: actually believes it. He’s an anti- *
dialog: Semite and he believes it. You
dialog: can’t say someone’s lying if they
dialog: say something they genuinely
dialog: believe.”
dialog: *
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: But that’s crazy. It’s mad.
text: DEBORAH nods as if to say ‘Yip.’
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And that’s when I thought ‘I’ve *
dialog: been suckered.’ I’ve stared at this *
dialog: judge for forty days. I thought I *
dialog: saw wisdom, but maybe I was just *
dialog: looking at prejudice. He doesn’t *
dialog: understand anything. *
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: What can you do?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Just wait.
text: LIBBY doesn’t know what to say. DEBORAH drinks her lemonade.
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE’S CHAMBERS. DAY 130
text: GRAY puts down his cup of tea at the table, piled with more
text: documents. He clears a space and takes a clean sheet of
text: paper. He writes DAVID IRVING VERSUS PENGUIN BOOKS AND
scene_heading: DEBORAH E. LIPSTADT. JUDGEMENT.
scene_heading: EXT. BARBECUE. DEBORAH’S HOUSE. NIGHT 131
text: DEBORAH is barbecuing on a great Southern night, doing *
text: burgers and chops. The old crowd, SAM, STORM, LIBBY, all *
text: relaxing with wine. Behind, a convivial table is discussing *
dialog: the Atlanta Braves. *
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So, Deborah, are you going to be
dialog: with us for long?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don’t know. I have to go back at
dialog: some point.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 102.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: But when?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh you know. When the judge is
dialog: ready. Could be weeks, could be
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And then you just get on a plane?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: When somebody phones.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: And do they tell you the result in
dialog: advance?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No. But my lawyers get told.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You're joking. They get told? And
dialog: they can’t tell you?
text: DEBORAH shakes her head.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: They get the verdict twenty four
dialog: hours in advance. 9am, the day
dialog: before. To the minute. To give them
dialog: time to prepare a response. And
dialog: what’s worse...
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: There’s worse?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Irving gets it too.
speaker_heading: LIBBY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Because he’s his own lawyer. So
dialog: he’s allowed it. And I’m not.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How do you live with this nonsense?
text: They all laugh. DEBORAH smiles.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Funny thing is, I miss it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why? Why do you miss it?
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 103.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh. Because I became part of a
dialog: team.
text: DEBORAH is still. The others don’t know how to react. She’s
text: lost for a moment in her own thoughts.
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS. NIGHT 132
text: GRAY reaches for another file. He is working under a desk
text: lamp. He refers back over several pages, holding them with
text: thumb and finger. Then he continues hand-writing. THEREFORE
text: IT IS CLEAR FROM ANY DISPASSIONATE READING OF THE EVIDENCE...
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM. EMORY. DAY 133
text: New students. Fresh faces, fresh clothes. DEBORAH standing,
text: leaning against her desk. The Mutt, moody at her side.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: When people say glibly “Oh if I'd
dialog: been in Germany then of course I'd
dialog: never have collaborated, I’d have
dialog: resisted,” then I just want to
dialog: laugh. Do you have any idea how
dialog: difficult and dangerous it was?
dialog: Standing up to the enemy was
text: arduous and uncertain and
dialog: exhausting. But they had to do it.
dialog: It's only with hindsight things get
dialog: called heroic. At the time you're
dialog: just fearful. Fearful how they're
dialog: going to work out.
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS. DAY 134
text: A CLERK clears away the tea things as GRAY finishes writing
text: the frontispiece: IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE, QUEENS BENCH
text: DIVISION. Then his name: THE HON. MR. JUSTICE GRAY. He sits
text: back, content, stacking the papers.
scene_heading: EXT. WOOD. DAY 135
text: DEBORAH is running through spring growth, The Mutt extremely
text: happy at her heels. A phone is audible from her pocket. She
text: fumbles for it.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Deborah Lipstadt.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (PHONE)
dialog: Ah good, there you are.
speaker_heading: + HH HH HH HH HH
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 104.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Is that you, Anthony?
scene_heading: INT. MISHCON DE REYA. OFFICES. DAY 136
text: JULIUS is sitting, calm at his desk, LAURA opposite.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Just to say we’ve been told to
dialog: expect the verdict on Tuesday.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (PHONE)
dialog: Tuesday? Are you sure?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Do you know, I don’t think they’d
dialog: have said it unless it were true?
scene_heading: EXT. WOOD. DAY 137
text: DEBORAH is rushing in the opposite direction, much faster to
text: get back home. The Mutt is frantic to keep up.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’ve been wondering if we could
dialog: work some sort of code. When you
dialog: have the verdict. Like, I’d call
dialog: and say ‘How’s the weather?’ and
dialog: you'd say ‘Good’ meaning...
speaker_heading: JULIUS (PHONE)
dialog: I get it.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Or you say ‘Weather’s bad’
dialog: meaning...
speaker_heading: JULIUS (PHONE)
dialog: Only of course I'd be disbarred.
dialog: I'd never be allowed to practice
dialog: law in England again.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Good. So there would be an upside.
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM HOTEL. LONDON. NIGHT 138
text: DEBORAH is back in the very same room, looking around - her
text: cases on the bed, half-unpacked. A knock on the door. The
text: very same BELLBOY, carrying the very same gift of lilies, as
text: in Scene 74. Neither of them say anything. Then they both
text: smile. The TV is on in the corner. A TELEVISION HISTORIAN is
dialog: speaking.
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 105.
speaker_heading: HISTORIAN
dialog: This trial is sending a chill
dialog: through the community of 20th
dialog: century historians. Which historian
dialog: isn’t thinking ‘Would my work
dialog: really survive this kind of
dialog: scrutiny’? Show me one historian
dialog: who has not broken into a cold
dialog: sweat at the thought of undergoing
dialog: similar treatment.
text: DEBORAH frowns, worried.
scene_heading: INT. MISHCON DE REYA. LOBBY, STAIRS & OFFICE. DAY 139
text: DEBORAH is on a bench. She looks at the clock on the wall.
text: 8.57 am. 8.58. 8.59. Interminable. It ticks over to 9.00.
scene_heading: CAPTION: APRIL 11th, 2000
text: An ASSISTANT appears.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
text: Mr Julius is waiting.
text: DEBORAH follows. They go up the stairs, one by one, DEBORAH
text: behind. It’s like going to an execution. Then into JULIUS’
text: office. There are three people - LIBSON, LAURA and JULIUS all
text: waiting. In front of each of them, a large white document.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Deborah.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Well?
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH COURT. DAY 140
text: Pandemonium. Police barriers. Onlookers, photographers and
text: reporters. DEBORAH pushes her way through with JULIUS, both
text: inscrutable. In response to the shouts, they say nothing.
text: They go inside. IRVING gets out of a car. Everyone shouts at
text: him for a quote, but he just smiles. An egg flies through the
text: air and lands on his shoulder. He moves on, taking no notice.
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS. DAY 141
text: GRAY sits, sipping tea. There is a box of thick white
text: documents on his desk, but otherwise it is clear. The CLERK
text: knocks at the door. GRAY nods. The CLERK takes the box away.
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 106.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM. DAY 142
text: All the documents and computers have gone. IRVING comes into
text: the court, alone. IRVING goes to take his usual place
text: opposite RAMPTON. Meticulously he takes off his egg-stained
text: jacket. DEBORAH watches, impassive. The CLERK comes out with
text: copies of the verdict and the COURT USHER distributes them to
text: NEWSMEN. They run out of the court, desperately turning to
text: the last page. Just the word VERDICT. Then a blank. What the
dialog: hell?
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH COURT. DAY 143
text: NETWORK REPORTERS are all doing versions of:
scene_heading: NETWORK REPORTERS
dialog: This massive 334 page document,
dialog: which does not disclose the final
text: verdict, is studiously even-handed,
dialog: praising David Irving’s skill as a
dialog: military historian, while at the
dialog: same time drawing attention to
text: flaws in some of his reasoning.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR & COURTROOM. DAY 144
text: GRAY sweeps along the corridor, his determination apparent.
text: He goes into the packed court.
speaker_heading: COURT USHER
dialog: Court rise.
text: He sees IRVING on one side, FORBES WATSON and DEBORAH on the
text: other. As the whole court bows, for the first time, DEBORAH
text: lowers her head. JULIUS smiles at the gesture. Then GRAY
dialog: sits.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I shall read my judgement.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH COURT. DAY 145
text: LAURA comes out into the street. She lights a cigarette and
text: wanders away from the scrum. She begins to shake. Tears pour
text: down her face. A PASSER-BY asks her if she’s all right.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes. Yes, really. Really I’m fine.
dialog: 146
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 107.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH COURT. DAY 146
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: It appears to me that the correct
dialog: and inevitable inference must be
dialog: that the falsification of the
dialog: historical record was deliberate
dialog: and that Irving was motivated by a
dialog: desire to present events ina
dialog: manner consistent with his own
dialog: ideological beliefs even if that
dialog: involved distortion and
dialog: manipulation of historical
dialog: evidence. In the result therefore,
dialog: the defence of justification
text: succeeds. The court finds for the
dialog: defence.
text: A cry from the gallery of ‘Yes!’ DEBORAH is stunned for a
text: moment. Then she, too, air-punches. At once chaos breaks out.
text: Supporters stand up and clap. The T-shirted and tattooed
text: Irving supporters look thunderstruck. The blonde women mutter
text: furiously with IRVING. Everyone rushes across to DEBORAH to
text: congratulate her, ‘Well done’, and thumbs-up, hugs, JULIUS
text: looking sheepish, RAMPTON beaming, LAURA returned, NIK and
text: THOMAS slapping her back.
speaker_heading: LIBSON/JULIUS/LAURA
dialog: Congratulations!
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: LIBSON
dialog: It’s true.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: You've been brilliant. Brilliant.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Brilliant? I haven’t done anything.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Well nor have I! English legal
dialog: system. Barrister/solicitor,
dialog: remember? You think it was hard for
dialog: you. Try being me!
text: JULIUS hugs DEBORAH. LAURA and LIBSON are standing beside
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, it’s not true. It was all
dialog: you. Your book held up. In every
dialog: aspect. In every detail. We may
dialog: have defended it. But it was your
dialog: book which won.
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 108.
text: JULIUS stops, strong emotion showing in his eyes. They look
text: across to RAMPTON by himself in his robe. Suddenly he looks
text: completely exhausted - a year and a half of work. IRVING is
text: heading over to him in his shirtsleeves. When he gets there,
text: he holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: IRVING
dialog: Well done. Well done.
text: RAMPTON, refusing to take it, turns away, refusing eye
text: contact. Symbolically, JULIUS puts his polished shoe on the
text: chair in front of him, and mimes flicking something away.
text: IRVING, departing catches the gesture and looks directly at
text: JULIUS. But JULIUS is unwavering, finally looking IRVING in
text: the eye. And in the contest, it is IRVING who finally looks
text: down and turns away.
scene_heading: INT & EXT. HIGH COURT. DAY 147
text: Pandemonium. DEBORAH comes out with the team and walks
text: through the lobby. There is the sound of the NETWORK
dialog: REPORTERS: “One of the most crushing libel judgements in
dialog: history.” “The Judge called Mr Irving an anti-Semite, a
text: racist and a distorter of history.” A cheer goes up from the
text: crowd. A barrage of photographers flash in her face. JULIUS
text: smiles at the REPORTERS.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: We won. We won big. It’s as if we
dialog: wrote it ourselves.
text: The REPORTERS shout at DEBORAH.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS
dialog: Deborah! Deborah! Do you have
dialog: anything to say? How are you
dialog: feeling? What’s your response to
dialog: the verdict?
text: Trained to silence, DEBORAH says nothing. But JULIUS whispers
text: in her ear.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Now you can speak.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BALLROOM. DAY 148
text: FORBES WATSON is sitting taking a press conference.
speaker_heading: FORBES WATSON
dialog: We saw this as a free speech issue.
dialog: Penguin defended D.H. Lawrence, we
dialog: defended Salman Rushdie. It was
dialog: inconceivable we wouldn’t defend
dialog: Deborah Lipstadt.
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 109.
text: DEBORAH appears beside him. There is applause as she sits.
text: Then, among flashbulbs, questions are called out at random.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: Miss Lipstadt, can I ask, do you
dialog: have any regrets about bringing the
dialog: case?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don’t know how to say this often
dialog: enough. I didn’t bring the case. Mr
dialog: Irving did.
text: There’s laughter. She holds up a thick white document.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course I’m not sure he realised
dialog: when he agreed to a trial by a
dialog: single judge, that it would mean a
dialog: written judgement. This judgement’s
text: going to stand against him forever.
text: There are some flashes, more questions. DEBORAH motors on
text: through them, the flood-gates are open at last.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Now some people fear that the only
dialog: effect of this trial will be to
dialog: close down free speech. I don’t
dialog: accept that. I’m not attacking free
dialog: speech. On the contrary. I’ve been
dialog: defending it against someone who
dialog: wanted to abuse it. People can be
dialog: as sceptical as they like. What
dialog: they can’t be is dishonest. Freedom
dialog: of speech doesn’t include freedom
dialog: to get away with lying. Not all
dialog: opinions are equal. Some things do
dialog: happen, just like we’re told they
dialog: do. Slavery happened. The black
text: death happened. The world is round.
text: The ice-caps are melting. Elvis is
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: You've conducted yourself with
text: dignity throughout the trial.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Thank you. But I know what dignity
dialog: means. It means I’ve shut up. I
dialog: don’t promise to shut up in future.
dialog: 149
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 110.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3
dialog: You always said you refused to
dialog: debate with deniers, but that’s
dialog: exactly what this trial has been
dialog: doing. What will you do in the
dialog: future?
text: DEBORAH holds up the judgment.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: This is the future. That’s the
dialog: beauty of this verdict. The
dialog: question has been settled once and
dialog: for all. We’ll never need to speak
dialog: to them again.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: If you could say something now to
dialog: David Irving, what would you say?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I wouldn't speak to him. I'd speak
dialog: to the survivors. And to the
dialog: murdered. I’d say ‘You were
dialog: remembered. The voice of suffering
dialog: was heard.’
text: She looks straight toward VERA standing at the back. VERA
text: begins to cry.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4
dialog: How convinced were you that this
dialog: trial was going to have a good
dialog: outcome - for you?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Do you know, I believed before I
dialog: came to London that a court of law
dialog: was not a great place to
dialog: investigate historical truth. But I
dialog: underestimated the value of a team.
dialog: Of real teamwork. It turns out,
dialog: it’s not a bad place as long as you
dialog: have great lawyers. With great
dialog: passion. And boy, did I have great
dialog: lawyers.
text: RAMPTON is standing at the back, next to LAURA. At these
text: words, he takes off his glasses and his eyes water.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BALLROOM. DAY 149
text: The press conference is over. DEBORAH, the conquering hero,
text: is pushing her way through JOURNALISTS to reach the back
text: where RAMPTON is smiling with LAURA. Laughing, DEBORAH throws
text: her arms round RAMPTON. For her it’s spontaneous, for him, a
text: touch awkward. Behind his back she whispers in his ear.
dialog: 150
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 111.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM HOTEL. NIGHT 150
text: DEBORAH is on the bed with a large glass of wine, watching
text: TV. Beside, the bottle - 1995 Pommard Les Epenots - and a
text: card propped up against it: TO THE AUTHOR OF OUR MISFORTUNES,
scene_heading: WITH LOVE. RICHARD. Newsnight is running on TV. JEREMY PAXMAN
text: is with IRVING, in a silk waistcoat, still without his
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: IRVING (TV)
dialog: I think if you read the judgement
dialog: closely, you'll find there are all
dialog: sorts of things there in my favour.
speaker_heading: PAXMAN (TV)
dialog: You're not seriously telling me
dialog: that this is a judgement that
dialog: supports you?
speaker_heading: IRVING (TV)
dialog: Plainly, I ran rings round the
dialog: defence. My only regret is that I
dialog: didn't use a mallet of sufficient
dialog: calibre to ram my case into the
dialog: thick skull of the judge. I’ve
dialog: always been taught that whatever
dialog: the result of the game it’s how you
dialog: play it that counts. I went over to
dialog: congratulate Mr Rampton and he
dialog: turned his back on me. That hurt.
dialog: And I thought I have not been
dialog: dealing with ordinary English
dialog: people here. These are people who
dialog: have been operating in the pay of a
dialog: foreign power.
speaker_heading: PAXMAN (TV)
dialog: What we all want to know, Mr
dialog: Irving: on the basis of this
dialog: judgement, will you stop denying
dialog: the Holocaust?
speaker_heading: IRVING (TV)
dialog: Good Lord, no.
text: The phone goes. DEBORAH picks it up and lowers the TV volume.
speaker_heading: JULIUS (PHONE)
dialog: Deborah?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Is that you Anthony?
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 112.
scene_heading: INT. JULIUS’ OFFICE. MISHCON DE REYA. NIGHT 151
text: JULIUS is watching the same interview on a TV in his office,
text: lit by a single angle-poise lamp.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Are you watching?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (PHONE)
dialog: Can’t tear myself away.
text: IRVING on TV is heard saying ‘The fact that she didn’t even
dialog: dare appear tells you everything you need to know about Miss
dialog: Lipstadt.”
speaker_heading: JULIUS
text: He seems to be saying he won.
scene_heading: INT. ATHENAEUM HOTEL. NIGHT 152
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yeah. He used to be a Holocaust
dialog: denier, now he’s a verdict denier.
dialog: Why don’t we just turn him off?
speaker_heading: IRVING (TV)
dialog: I don’t think her Brooklyn accent
dialog: would have endeared her to the
dialog: court.’
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Queens.
text: She picks up the remote and does exactly that. The screen
text: goes to a spot, and blank.
scene_heading: EXT. BBC TV CENTRE. WOOD LANE. LONDON. NIGHT 153
text: All smiles and charm IRVING comes out through the glass
text: doors, shaking hands with a couple of NEWS STAFF. Then he
text: heads off alone, his smile gone. The doughnut-shaped building
text: gleams behind him. He sets off walking down the rain-soaked
text: streets, wiping the egg-stain off his shoulder as he goes.
scene_heading: EXT. HALF MOON STREET. NIGHT 154
text: A deserted exit. Padding out into the street comes DEBORAH,
text: in her running clothes. She runs out into a silent
text: Piccadilly. She passes that same Evening Standard billboard.
text: This time it says IRVING CASE VERDICT: HE LIED. She smiles.
speaker_heading: eH HHH OF
dialog: %
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 113.
scene_heading: EXT & INT. TUBE. NIGHT 155
text: VERA comes alone into a deserted station. She goes through
text: the barrier and onto an escalator, away down into the
text: underground and out of sight. The shot is held for a moment.
scene_heading: EXT. PICCADILLY. NIGHT. 156
text: A milk-cart. A lone woman moving silently along empty
text: pavements. London glowing slightly. DEBORAH runs away into
dialog: the distance.
scene_heading: INT. RAMPTON’S CHAMBERS. NIGHT 157
text: RAMPTON packs up his books and papers. As he does, he sees
text: the small piece of barbed wire on his desk. He picks it up
text: and puts it in his pocket. Then turns out the light.
scene_heading: INT. LAURA'S FLAT. NIGHT 158
text: LAURA gets matches from the stove. SIMON is sitting already
text: at the table. She lights candles. He looks up at her. Close
text: on the candle flame.
scene_heading: EXT. EMBANKMENT. NIGHT 159
text: For the third and last time DEBORAH runs up the statue of
text: Boadicea. She stops, hands on hips. This time she smiles up
text: at it, makes a little victory sign and a small air-punch.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRKENAU. AUSCHWITZ. NIGHT 160
text: Birkenau empty, the ruins floodlit in the rain. The deserted
text: ground, the fences, the abandoned track. Ruins.
text: The camera is still for a moment, then it tracks right into
text: the wreckage. There is a hole in the rubble where there is a
text: rectangular opening. The camera moves right in to the
text: blackness of the hole. In the dark, a message:
text: SIX MONTHS AFTER THE VERDICT, A SCIENTIFIC INVESTIGATION AT
text: AUSCHWITZ FOUND THREE OF THE FOUR HOLES IN THE GAS CHAMBER
speaker_heading: ROOF
dialog: 
