dialog: 
scene_heading: DETROIT ROCK CITY
dialog: Written by
dialog: Carl V Dupre
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. MRS. BRUCE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Decorated in Carol Brady chic. When it's not gaudy, tacky,
text: and loud, it's blander than toast. Colors like lime green
dialog: and sunshine orange should be reserved for popsicles only.
text: MRS. BRUCE, late 30's, enters looking exhausted. She carries
text: a glass of wine in one hand and a book in the other, Erma
text: Bombeck's The Grass Is Always Greener Over The Septic Tank.
text: HUMMING "We've Only Just Begun," Mrs. Bruce crouches next to
text: her wildly-ancient entertainment center complete with 8-track.
text: She flips the first record forward on her Ronco Record Mate.
text: Album after album flaps forward. Olivia Newton-John, Neil
text: Diamond, the Osmond Brothers. She stops on the Carpenters
text: and sighs at the serene cover art. Just what the doctor
dialog: ordered.
text: Placing the vinyl on the turntable, she CLICKS the dustcover
text: closed and FLICKS "Play." Reclining in her Lazyboy, she sips
text: her wine, opens the book and awaits the mellow tones of Karen
dialog: Carpenter.
text: Suddenly, her eardrums are hammered by machine gun GUITAR.
text: Caustic ROCK 'N' ROLL assaults her senses. She jumps, spilling
dialog: her wine all over herself. This isn't the Carpenters...
dialog: IT'S KISS!
text: Racing to the entertainment center, she turns the volume
text: control knob so violently, it comes off in her hand. The
text: music is even louder now.
text: Flustered by the awful noise, she tries lifting the dustcover.
text: It's stuck. She screams and covers her ears. This is Hell.
text: Running to the rear of the huge console, she stretches to
text: reach the plug, but can't. Fingertips millimeters away.
text: As the cacophony POUNDS she shakes the entire stereo with
dialog: all her frantic might.
text: SCREEEEEECH! The needle scrapes across the vinyl with a
text: shrill, finally coming to a stop. Whew, silence!
text: Then, POP, the dustcover opens unceremoniously. Shaken, she
text: grabs the record with trembling hands and reads the label...
scene_heading: KISS - LOVE GUN, SIDE TWO
text: Mrs. Bruce's blood boils.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: KISS! The devil's music!
scene_heading: EXT. LEX'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A small, two-story house amid a suburban neighborhood of
text: other two-story houses. Uninspired architecture. Spindly
dialog: trees.
text: Two-car garage.
text: A faint yellow glow emanates from a cellar window across
text: which shadows frantically dart. Over the CRICKETS, we hear
scene_heading: MUFFLED, BADLY-RENDERED ROCK 'N' ROLL. SCRATCHY, GUTTURAL,
dialog: inhuman.
text: CAMERA MOVES to the cellar window. Inside we see four TEENAGE
text: BOYS who are to blame for the racket. Band practice.
scene_heading: INT. LEX'S BASEMENT/BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: An inner-sanctum of KISS devotion. Faux-wood paneling is
text: plastered with countless KISS posters, pictures, fold-outs.
text: The ceiling is wallpapered with more KISS posters. KISS dolls,
text: magazines, records, comic books clutter the shag-carpeted
text: floor. Fast food wrappers heap over the KISS garbage pail.
text: The four high schoolers rock their hearts out as they blast
text: a familiar tune offensively off-key.
speaker_heading: BOYS SINGING
dialog: "I wanna rock 'n' roll all night and
dialog: party every day!"
dialog: They stink, but they sure are trying hard. Meet the band
text: "Mystery." Concert tee-shirts, holey jeans, total burn-outs.
text: HAWK, a scraggily-haired, disenchanted youth, strains his
text: vocal chords on the microphone as he SCRATCHES at his rhythm
dialog: guitar. Hawk is sort of the brains of this operation, but
text: knowing the others, that doesn't say much.
text: LEX POUNDS a bass with earnest determination. Lanky with bad
text: posture, Lex is already sporting worry lines. He takes
dialog: everything way-too-seriously.
text: TRIP STRUMS lead guitar like he's hammering nails. All id,
dialog: Trip is slightly out of his mind. But, is it the chemicals
text: or just his chemistry. He always wears a knit cap.
text: JAM, a sensitive kid (but no wuss), BASHES on his drums like
text: a madman making the bass drum pulsate like a spastic heart.
text: The big drum bears the word "Mystery" painted on its skin
text: with a lightning "S" just like the KISS logo.
text: They bring the classic tune to a shrieking conclusion and
text: thrust their hands over their heads in the KISS symbol.
text: Hawk screams into the mike at their imaginary audience.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Thank you, Cleveland! You're a great
dialog: crowd. But after three and a half
dialog: hours of kick-ass rock and seven
dialog: encores on top of that, I'm sorry to
dialog: say that this time we really gotta
dialog: get back to our hotel rooms and fuck
dialog: some groupies.
text: Behind him, Trip grabs Lex's bass and swings it by the neck
text: at an amp pretending to bash it over and over again. Lex
text: quickly yanks it away from him.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: What the fuck, Trip? That's my bass!
text: Jam emerges from behind the pile of drums smiling.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: That was curly!
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Just one more day of school to get
dialog: through, girls, before tomorrow
dialog: night... Live!
dialog: (getting excited)
dialog: COBO Hall! Detroit, Michigan!
dialog: (like an announcer)
dialog: You wanted the best!
scene_heading: ALL FOUR BOYS
dialog: You got the best! The hottest band
dialog: in the world... KISS!!
text: They all make that BREATH SOUND that mimics a screaming crowd.
text: Suddenly, headlights swing by in the window above them like
text: a spotlight. Lex hops onto the unmade bed and looks out the
dialog: cellar window.
speaker_heading: LEX'S POV
text: A baby-shit green, Ford station wagon with fake wood sides
text: SCREECHES into the driveway. Mrs. Bruce gets out and STOMPS
text: toward the house. Lex gasps at the sight.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Shit! It's Jam's mom!
text: Jam GULPS as if he's just shat out an whole can of Lincoln
dialog: logs.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: My mom? Oh, no! What's she doing
dialog: here?
text: Lex quickly throws a KISS towel over a TV tray hiding a bong,
text: cigarettes, overloaded ashtray. Trip kicks half-empty beer
text: bottles under the bed. Hawk sprays Lysol frantically around
text: the room as Jam shovels gum into his mouth.
text: KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK! Mrs. Bruce pounds on the cellar window
text: crouching to see in. She looks like a crazed, underlit psycho.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: (muffled through glass)
dialog: Jeremiah! Jeremiah Bruce! You get
dialog: out here this instant!
text: The boys looks up like innocent, wide-eyed angels. Jam waves.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Oh, hi, mom.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: (screams)
dialog: NOW!
text: Jam quickly pockets his drumsticks and grabs his worn, denim
text: jacket off the pile of jackets on the floor, then runs
text: upstairs. The others follow.
scene_heading: EXT. LEX'S HOUSE/FRONT PORCH - NIGHT
text: The front door opens. Jam steps out to greet his mom with a
text: nervous smile. Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand at a safe distance
text: in the foyer behind him.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: What's up?
text: Mrs. Bruce grabs her son by the ear and holds up the KISS
text: LOVE GUN record waving it in his face.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: The devil's body count, that's what's
dialog: up! Don't you know what KISS stands
dialog: for? "Knights in Satan's Service!"
text: She hauls Jam across the lawn. Hawk, Lex, and Trip step onto
text: the porch looking on in sympathetic embarrassment. Mrs. Bruce
text: stuffs the record in the trash can then throws Jam in the
text: front seat. SCREECH, the station wagon pulls away.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Jam has yet to do an overnight with
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: I had a nightmare once that something
dialog: like this might happen. I hope he
dialog: doesn't get grounded again. If he
dialog: misses Peter Criss's drum solo, I
dialog: don't know if he'll be able to handle
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Lex, quit trying to always jinx
dialog: things. Don't worry, dudes. Nobody's
dialog: missing that concert tomorrow night.
speaker_heading: MAIN TITLES
speaker_heading: CLOSE-UP
text: The LOVE GUN album sitting in the trash can. CAMERA MOVES IN
text: on the round label till it FILLS THE FRAME. The record begins
text: to spin like on a turntable as CAMERA DESCENDS INTO the little
text: hole ENGULFING THE FRAME IN BLACK. This LEADS us INTO...
scene_heading: OPENING TITLE SEQUENCE
text: "ROCK 'N' ROLL ALL NITE" BLASTS the way it's supposed to
text: sound. The jammin' KISS classic is accompanied by a barrage
text: of QUICK CUTS depicting KISS mania. TV appearances. Concert
text: footage. Magazine covers. Comic Books. Posters. Art work.
text: KISS merchandise, dolls, lunch boxes, clothes, etc.
text: We see the BAND do their thing in authentic CLIPS FROM REAL
text: SHOWS. GENE, PAUL, ACE, AND PETER SHOUTING IT OUT LOUD.
text: The MONTAGE is a colorful, kick-ass kaleidoscope of the entire
text: KISS phenomena. CUT TO the BEAT of this seminal anthem.
text: The FINAL IMAGE is the KISS "DESTROYER" POSTER.
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
speaker_heading: TICKET CHECK
scene_heading: INT. JAM'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: The sun's early morning rays beam through the KISS "Destroyer"
text: poster taped onto a window shade. The phone RINGS. Jam bolts
text: upright, his profile blocking the poster. He has just awakened
text: under the only other decoration in his room: a crucifix.
text: Still dressed in last night's clothes, a plain black tee-
text: shirt and blue jeans, Jam leaps out of bed unwittingly
text: planting a foot in the handle of a Bullworker (a piece of
text: exercise equipment comprised of a powerful spring with two
text: handles on either end) whose other handle is stuck under one
text: of the bed's legs.
text: Jam runs to a phone on his dresser, drawing the Bullworker's
text: powerful springs out to maximum tension. No sooner does he
text: pick up, when he is yanked to the floor and dragged across
text: it as if tied to the bumper of a speeding car. Despite the
text: Bullworker pulling him back toward his bed, Jam does manage
text: to get the phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Hello?
text: The phone's cord stretches taut causing its cradle to leap
text: from the dresser and WHACK Jam on the head.
scene_heading: INT. LEX'S BASEMENT/BEDROOM - DAY
text: Hawk is on the phone as Lex and Trip scour every inch of the
text: cluttered room on their hands and knees searching frantically
dialog: for something.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Jam, listen up.
speaker_heading: JAM (O.S.)
dialog: Hawk?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Just listen up, man, cause we are in
text: a quandary.
scene_heading: INT. JAM'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Jam clutches the phone with his shoulder GRUNTING as he does
text: battle with the Bullworker for possession of his foot.
speaker_heading: HAWK (O.S.)
dialog: Are you on the crapper with one of
dialog: those antenna phones? Sounds like
dialog: you're taking a dump the size of
dialog: Butte, Montana.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: It's my Bullworker.
speaker_heading: HAWK (O.S.)
dialog: Anyway, listen up. They're gone!
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: What's gone?
speaker_heading: HAWK (O.S.)
dialog: The KISS tickets, you nimrod! They're
dialog: just fuckin' gone! Please tell me
dialog: you have'm!
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Gone!? Why would I have the KISS
dialog: tick...?
speaker_heading: HAWK (O.S.)
dialog: Just check whatever you were wearing
dialog: last night. Now!
text: Jam briefly scans his surroundings double-taking at the denim
text: jacket lying on the floor. He checks the pockets and sees
scene_heading: four tickets labelled KISS - JUNE 7, 1978 - COBO HALL,
speaker_heading: DETROIT.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Whew! Oh, God, Hawk... I got'm!
dialog: Somehow I musta taken Trip's jacket
dialog: by mistake!
scene_heading: INT. LEX'S BASEMENT/BEDROOM - DAY
text: Hawk SIGHS like a deathrow convict pardoned at the last
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (to others)
dialog: He's got'm!
text: Lex and Trip collapse with relief.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Trip, he took your jacket by mistake.
dialog: You must be wearing Jam's.
text: Trip reaches in a breast pocket and pulls out Rosary beads.
text: Spooked, he drops them like they were a bug.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: JAM (O.S.)
dialog: I'm really sorry about that, man.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Don't be a fembot. So, are you like
dialog: grounded because of last night, or
dialog: what?
scene_heading: INT. JAM'S ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Of course, but has that ever stopped
dialog: me before? Besides, my mom's going
dialog: to some church meeting and won't be
dialog: back till late. No sweat... See you
dialog: guys in school.
text: CLICK. DIAL TONE. Jam hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. LEX'S BASEMENT/BEDROOM - DAY
text: Lex buckles his belt with its huge KISS belt buckle.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Poor, Jam, man. Imagine having to
dialog: stash your KISS records inside Carly
dialog: Simon album covers. No question,
dialog: Mrs. Bruce is a psycho-bitch from
dialog: hell.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: You're one to talk, Lex. Your mom's
dialog: a fuckin' dyke.
text: Trip pockets his wallet which is affixed to a long chain
text: attached to a side belt loop.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Trip, a female gynecologist does not
dialog: a lesbian make. And even if it did,
dialog: at least my mom didn't give birth to
dialog: me while she was on LSD.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Shrooms! And even if it was LSD, I
dialog: can still give my mom a kiss without
text: smelling the catch of the day.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Both you assholes, SHADDAP!
text: Lex and Trip shaddap.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Enough of the mom-bashing, all right?
dialog: Lex's mom is cool about us crashing
dialog: over here while she's out of town.
dialog: And if it weren't for Trip's mom, we
dialog: wouldn'ta smoked that fine Panama
dialog: Red last night. So leave the women
dialog: who gave you life out of it. They're
dialog: both cool.
text: Trip and Lex cease and desist the mom-bashing and continue
text: getting ready for school. Suddenly, Lex pushes Trip angrily.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Trip, you fuckin' asshole.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: What?
text: Lex points to a wet mess on the pillow.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: You spilled my Sea Monkeys all over
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: DRESSING UP
scene_heading: INT. JAM'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Jam gives the Bullworker one final yank. This time it comes
text: loose... not from his foot, but from under the bed. Its handle
text: lashes up SLAPPING him across the face. Ouch.
text: Fully awake now, Jam throws on Trip's denim jacket. He stuffs
text: a drumstick into his left sock. We see "Mystery" written on
text: it. Just as he's about to stick the other one in his right
dialog: sock...
text: Without a second of warning, or even a knock, Mrs. Bruce
text: suddenly ENTERS. Immediately Jam stands.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Jeremiah, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Uhh... nothing.
text: She turns to his closet, the door blocking her view of the
text: KISS poster. Jam leaps to the window and yanks the "Destroyer"
text: shade. It shoots up, FLAPPING around its rod. He's done this
dialog: before.
text: Mrs. Bruce peeks at Jam from around his closet door. He
text: stretches in front of the window.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Ahh, sunshine.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: You're going to be late if you don't
dialog: hurry up and change soon.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Change? What's wrong with what I got
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: It's dirty laundry for one thing and
dialog: for another, you still haven't worn
dialog: the clothes I bought you. You're
text: skating on thin ice already, young
dialog: man, so I wouldn't push my luck. Now
dialog: get out of those rags.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: But, mom!
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Besides, those jeans are so tight I
dialog: can see your penis.
text: Jam reluctantly takes off the denim jacket as Mrs. Bruce
text: grabs the single drumstick from his hand and shakes it at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Someday you'll see the futility in
dialog: forging a musical career with those
dialog: idiots.
text: She turns and rummages through the closet.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: They're not idiots.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Now don't forget you're on the honor
dialog: system tonight. I'll be home a little
dialog: after one and if you've been partying
text: or playing that satanic KISS music...
dialog: well, need I remind you of the
dialog: consequences?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Grounded for the rest of the year?
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: You're a smart boy, Jeremiah. And so
dialog: handsome.
text: She pulls two Sears department store boxes from the closet
text: and lays them on the bed. Jam is visibly horrified.
text: THIS IS YOUR MOTHER! / THE GIRL'S ROOM
scene_heading: EXT. ROBERT F. KENNEDY HIGH - DAY
text: The suburban high school is teeming with morning activity.
text: School buses pull up to the curb. KIDS arrive in droves and
text: immediately find their cliques. The JOCKS and PRIMADONNAS
text: make up the popular crowd. There's DISCO DUDES, FRESHMEN who
text: look like grade schoolers, and GEEKS.
text: At the smoking section hang the BURNOUTS. Hawk, Trip, and
text: Lex stand amid the other long-hairs.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: School. What a fuckin' waste of time.
text: Two GIRLS with tons of make-up, hair so feathered it could
text: fly, and tight clothes, saunter by SNAPPING gum.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Will somebody please tell those chicks
text: disco is dead.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Stellas. I hate stellas almost as
dialog: much as I hate dogs.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Same species when you think about
dialog: it.
text: Their words say one thing, but their eyes say another. They
text: can't stop gawking at the chicks' asses. Girl #1 sneers back.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: Don't stare too long, you'll go blind.
text: The boys quickly cover.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: Yeah, right. She wishes. Look at
dialog: that big ass.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: You know what they say about a big
dialog: ass... big shit.
text: They chuckle. Just then, Jam steps off a school bus in an
text: unbelievably geeky outfit, white corduroy slacks, plaid shirt
text: buttoned to the top, argyle socks and brown deck shoes.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Hey, that dork looks just like Jam.
text: Hawk and Lex look and laugh when they see him.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Shit, that dork is Jam.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (to Jam)
speaker_heading: YO, DOOFUS!
text: Jam gives them the finger.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL LOCKER AREA - DAY
text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam grab books from their lockers.
text: KISS stickers, photos, and rock magazine cut-outs line the
text: insides. Jam's locker door is covered with Peter Criss only.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: So, Jam, who did your wardrobe, Tad
dialog: the preppie sailboat captain?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Hey, my mom had me over a barrel,
dialog: all right. After last night, I had
dialog: to let her dress me today. It's a
dialog: give and take relationship.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Yeah, she gives you shit and you
dialog: take it.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Okay, enough. Enough. Gimme the
dialog: tickets. I wanna hold onto them.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: They're still at my house in Trip's
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: They're what?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: She was standing right over me when
dialog: I was changing for fuck's sake.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: That's some sick shit right there.
dialog: Did she comb your ass hair for you
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: If your mom so much as smells those
dialog: tickets, they're history, and we get
dialog: screwed outta seeing KISS for the
dialog: third year in a row, the third year!
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Don't worry about it. They're
dialog: perfectly safe. We can pick them up
dialog: after school. My mom won't be home.
dialog: It's no problem.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: All right. After school we double-
dialog: time it to your house for the tix
text: before heading to the train station
dialog: for the 2:45 to Detroit Rock City.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Check.
text: The BELL RINGS.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: As they say in the Tampon biz, see
dialog: you next period.
text: SLAM! They shut their lockers in unison.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY HALL - DAY
text: The STUDY HALL TEACHER grades papers. On the wall a picture
text: of President Carter hangs next to Old Glory. The words "Be
text: Quiet" are written on the blackboard.
text: Students study, read, doodle, sleep. Jam is at his desk
text: touching up the word "Mystery" on his drumstick. Next to him
text: sits BETH. Quirky, but cute, she stares longingly at him
text: wanting to say something, but not having the guts.
text: Pleased with his work, Jam puts the drumsticks on the desk
text: and opens a Peter Criss album cover notebook depicting
text: countless doodles of the KISS logo, the Mystery logo, and
text: renderings of Peter Criss.
text: Beth SIGHS and opens her own notebook. Drawings of hearts
text: fill the pages. In them is written "Beth + Jeremiah" and "I
dialog: love Jeremiah."
text: Then, one of Jam's drumsticks rolls off the desk and onto
text: the floor. Beth quickly reaches down to grab it for him just
text: as he bends to get it too. THUD, they bash heads.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Oof!
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Rubbing her head, she smiles and hands him the drumstick.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Thanks.
text: He stuffs his drumsticks in his socks pulling his pantlegs
text: down. Jam and Beth stare at each other. There's a mutual
text: crush, but both are apprehensive about making the first move.
text: Both want to speak, neither does. They awkwardly go back to
dialog: their notebooks.
text: Mustering the nerve, Jam breaks the ice and whispers...
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Beth?
text: Beth spins too quickly. Her pen flies out of her hand.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Yes?
text: BOINK! The pen hits Jam in the eye.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Ow!
text: Feeling awful, Beth moves in to help. The teacher looks up
text: sternly.
scene_heading: STUDY HALL TEACHER
dialog: Mr. Bruce, Miss Bumsteen, is there a
dialog: problem?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: No. No problem.
text: Jam points to his eye.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Just a little pink eye. No reason to
dialog: panic.
text: Unamused, the teacher goes back to grading.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (handing back pen)
dialog: It's okay.
text: Beth resumes doodling feeling like an idiot. Jam does too.
text: Ah, teenage awkwardness. Finally, Beth musters up some
dialog: courage.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Jeremiah?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Yeah?
text: She hems and haw, then...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I wanted to tell you something...
dialog: I...
text: Suddenly, Beth is rudely interrupted by HIGH-PITCHED FEEDBACK
text: coming from the P.A. The PRINCIPAL'S VOICE ECHOES over it.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL'S VOICE
dialog: Jeremiah Bruce, come to the office
dialog: immediately...
text: Jam throws a startled glance to the speaker as the class
text: sings in unison.
speaker_heading: WHOLE CLASS
dialog: Oooo, you're in troubaaaallll.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL'S VOICE
dialog: Your mother's here and would like to
dialog: see you right away...
text: More FEEDBACK as the mike on the other end changes hands.
scene_heading: MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE
dialog: Give me that microphone... Jeremiah,
dialog: you get your sorry self down to this
dialog: office, mister!
text: All the kids except for Beth burst into hysterical laughter.
text: Mrs. Bruce's tirade continues over QUICK SHOTS of...
scene_heading: INT. HAWK'S SCIENCE CLASS - DAY
text: Hawk sits at his lab table burning an eraser with his Bunsen
text: burner. His eyes widen with horror behind his goggles as the
text: other STUDENTS laugh till they hurt.
scene_heading: MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE
dialog: I found some things in the pockets
dialog: of your jacket while I was picking
dialog: up your disgusting laundry today...
scene_heading: INT. LEX'S GYM CLASS - DAY
text: Lex's eyes bug with terror. The basketball game is at a
text: standstill as everyone is crippled with laughter.
scene_heading: MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE
dialog: Cigarettes! Marijuana! Prophylactics!
scene_heading: INT. TRIP'S HEALTH CLASS - DAY
text: Trip dozes at his desk as an out-of-date film about VD
text: sputters on. The room is deafening with laughter. Then, as
text: if hit by a ton of bricks, Trip wakes up alarmed by the
text: familiar, shrilly voice.
scene_heading: MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE
dialog: And something much, much worse!
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Holy shit, my jacket!
scene_heading: 4-WAY SPLIT SCREEN
text: We see Jam, Hawk, Lex, and Trip agog in dread.
scene_heading: MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE
dialog: If you know what's good for you,
dialog: you'll get down here... NOW!
scene_heading: INT. JAM'S STUDY HALL - DAY
text: Jam slowly sinks in his chair under the profoundly humiliating
text: weight of an ENTIRE SCHOOL'S ECHOED LAUGHTER.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING AREA - DAY
text: Mrs. Bruce sits next to a stand-up ashtray in the high
text: school's waiting area. Scowling, she fans the KISS tickets
text: out with one hand. Jam sits across from her, one leg jittering
dialog: anxiously.
text: They sit for an uncomfortably long time until... Mrs. Bruce
text: pulls a cigarette and lighter out of her purse.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: I made an appointment with Father
text: Phillip McNulty at St. Bernard's.
dialog: We're to see him directly where he
dialog: will register you on the spot.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: You mean, you're sending me to... b-
dialog: b-boarding school?
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: What else can I do? Oh, records and
dialog: magazines and comic books are one
dialog: thing, but tickets? TICKETS? Jeremiah,
dialog: do you realize what this means? That
dialog: you're no longer content merely
dialog: hearing their awful songs or looking
dialog: at photos of their horrific faces!
dialog: Now you want to see the devil in the
dialog: flesh. You want to reach out and
dialog: touch pure evil... and in Detroit no
dialog: less!
text: She flicks the lighter, not yet lighting the cigarette.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Mom, three of those tickets don't
dialog: even belong to me. They're for the
dialog: guys.
text: Mrs. Bruce holds the tickets over the lighter's flame.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: And if the "guys" have parents who
dialog: truly love them, they will elevate
dialog: me to sainthood for getting rid of
dialog: these blasted things.
text: Mrs. Bruce lights her smoke with the flaming tickets, then
text: drops them in the ashtray where they burn for a cruel
text: eternity. Jam stares semi-catatonic through his mom's sour
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: It's been a long time coming, son,
dialog: but you're finally going to get the
dialog: kind of discipline you deserve.
text: She stands and pulls him out the front entrance by his arm.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE ON NEARBY CORNER
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex peek around it, their heads forming a
text: totem pole. One-by-one they pull back.
scene_heading: AROUND THE CORNER
text: They slump against the wall devastated.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: I knew it! I knew this was gonna
dialog: happen! I had a bad feeling since
dialog: last night. Remember? We are so
dialog: totally fucked!
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Waitaminit, dudes! I got it! Maybe
dialog: we can glue the tickets back together!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: What are you, high?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: HAWK
text: For once Lex is right. It's over.
dialog: Things can't get any worse from here.
text: Suddenly, a caustic voice BLURTS from down the hall.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I hope you rodents have hall passes!
text: The boys whip their heads around to see a potbellied, yellow-
text: toothed, security officer with long sideburns and slicked
text: back hair at the far end of the hall, fists on his hips.
speaker_heading: Meet ELVIS.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Wanna bet.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Could that be three detentions I
dialog: smell?
text: Elvis laughs and breaks into a run barreling down on them
text: like a maniac. Keys JANGLING furiously.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Second floor girls' john! Two minutes!
dialog: He'll never look there!
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Check!
text: They take off in three different directions. Still laughing,
text: Elvis stops where the boys just were. Which one to follow?
text: He bolts after Hawk who has taken the nearest staircase.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. JAM'S STUDY HALL - DAY
text: Beth looks sadly out the window watching Mrs. Bruce push Jam
text: in the car. Beth puts her hand on the pane wanting to touch
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Meanwhile, Elvis HUFFS and PUFFS up a flight of stairs
text: arriving at a set of swinging doors. He goes to push one in,
text: but it swings out at him with a vengeance knocking him
dialog: backward.
text: From behind it pops Hawk wielding a fire extinguisher. BLAST!
text: A hail of foam covers Elvis's face. Hawk shoves the
text: extinguisher into the man's arms and pushes Elvis backwards
text: down the stairs. He topples ass-over-head till he hits the
dialog: landing.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: You're way out of your league, Elvis.
text: Elvis rises and shakes the CO2 off like a wet dog. Looking
text: up, he sees the door gently swinging in and out. No sign of
dialog: Hawk.
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' BATHROOM - DAY
text: Trip kicks a bathroom stall violently.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Fuck! Shit!
text: Lex sits on the toilet in the stall.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Hey, take it easy, man. This is the
dialog: girls' crapper, remember?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Wake up, Lex! We just watched Jam's
dialog: mom torch our fuckin' KISS tickets!
dialog: Not REO Speedwagon! Not Journey! Not
dialog: the Bay City Rollers! KISS! If you
dialog: can think of a better reason to trash
dialog: a bathroom, I'd sure like to hear
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Trip, it's not the end of the world,
dialog: okay? Quit acting all squeezed out.
text: Trip grabs Lex by the collar, yanks him off the toilet and
text: shoves him against the wall.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Oh, everything's hunky-dory now that
dialog: the shit hit the fan just like you
dialog: said it would, you snug sonofabitch!
dialog: You fuckin' jinxed us!
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Smug, Trip! Not snug, smug.
text: Hawk bursts into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: We're clear, dudes.
text: They run to exit. Hawk first. Suddenly, Hawk backs up again
text: into Trip and Lex as if a swarm of killer bees was out there.
speaker_heading: HAWK
text: A skirt just came around the corner.
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex run back and pile into the last stall.
text: All three stand on the toilet bracing their arms against the
dialog: walls for balance.
text: A FOXY GIRL hurries into the stall next to theirs. We see
text: the top halves of three heads peek over the stall's partition.
text: The three boys don't make a sound as they watch her sit down.
text: As she glances up, they recoil fast. They whisper super-quiet.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: That's Sherry VanHafton.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: I've been in love with her since the
dialog: second grade.
text: Then, a SOUND OF TINKLING. They all throw their hands over
text: their mouths to stifle the giggles. Suddenly, POOT! She lets
text: out an ECHOED FART. The boys are awestruck.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Whoa... she just farted.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: I have never heard a girl squeeze
dialog: cheese in my entire life.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Weird...
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Peeeyeewww! That stinks!
text: Just then, the SOUND OF CRACKING PORCELAIN, as the toilet
text: they're standing on breaks into pieces with a SMASH. They
text: topple over pulling the stall walls down with them exposing
text: the foxy chick sitting on the can. Water GUSHES everywhere
text: as she screams bloody murder, getting doused ruining her
dialog: Farrah-do.
text: They bolt out the door slipping and sliding across the torrent
text: of toilet water. Lex turns and shrugs to the traumatized
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Heh-heh, sorry.
text: He's gone.
scene_heading: CALLER 106 / ELVIS ATTACKS
scene_heading: INT. MRS. BRUCE'S CAR - DAY
text: Mrs. Bruce uses a finished cigarette to light another.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Someday you'll have a son just like
dialog: you, Jeremiah. A boy who lies through
text: his teeth, buys demonic records, and
dialog: smokes the dope just like you.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (numbly)
dialog: If I'm anything like you, I'll deserve
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I said, I'm sorry!
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: If you truly are sorry, son, then
dialog: you better pray like you've never
dialog: prayed before. God willed me to find
dialog: those tickets because He wanted to
dialog: hear from you. He knows you need
dialog: help and He wants you to ask Him for
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. BERNARD'S - DAY
text: Mrs. Bruce's car turns off the road and drives through an
text: imposing set of wrought iron gates. The sign reads: St.
dialog: Bernard's Veil of Tears. A School for Catholic Boys.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. BRUCE'S CAR - DAY
text: Jam looks at what lies ahead. His face becomes a mask of
text: pure terror. We hear a THUNDER CLAP as Jam puts his hands
text: together and closes his eyes humbling himself. He whispers.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Please, God, help.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. BERNARD'S - DAY
text: The car winds up the path leading to a dark, Gothic edifice
text: over which tumultuous storm clouds continuously hover. THUNDER
text: BELCHES and bolts of lightning shoot at the blackened
text: crucifixes along the structure. We hear a SCARY ORGAN theme.
scene_heading: INT. VOC/TECH DEPT. - DAY
text: Except for the tinkering NOISES that are heard as the STUDENTS
text: work on their projects, there is silence in Electronics Class.
text: The teacher, MR. JOHANSEN, sips from a coffee cup and reads
text: a newspaper, his feet on the desk. The headline says: "Mass
text: Suicide in Jonestown. Cyanide in the Kool-Aid." Above him is
text: a long banner reading: "Sorry, Absolutely no bathroom breaks".
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex sit before a half-built radio on a work
text: bench, sheer desperation etched on their faces.
text: Lex solders two copper wires together. Hawk attaches a dial.
text: Trip absently plays with a squeeze pump attached to a long
text: plastic tube. He blows air into his face repeatedly with it.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (re:squeeze pump/tube)
dialog: Wonder if you could smoke shit out
dialog: of this?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Maybe some tunage'll chase those
dialog: blues away.
text: Hawk turns the radio on and a HIGH FREQUENCY WHINE pours
text: from its speaker. He adjusts the volume, then the tuner,
text: until a DJ's VOICE comes through crisp and clear.
speaker_heading: DJ'S VOICE
dialog: ...and this is Simple Simon on the
dialog: rock of Detroit, W.A.R.P., home of
dialog: the biggest KISS giveaway in the
dialog: history of the universe!
text: Detroit? DETROIT? Hawk, Trip, and Lex react like they've
text: just been hit by phasers on stun. God is intervening.
speaker_heading: DJ'S VOICE
dialog: I got four, count 'em, four front
dialog: row tickets along with four backstage
dialog: passes to the concert tonight at
dialog: Cobo Hall and I'm giving them to the
dialog: 106th caller who can tell me the
dialog: real names of each KISS band member!
text: HIGH FREQUENCY NOISES again, then the radio loses reception.
text: Hawk exchanges an anxious glance with Trip and Lex.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Too bad we're stuck in electronics
dialog: or...
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Never mind with the too bad shit. I
dialog: got a crazy plan, but only the
dialog: craziest among us can pull it off.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO: MOMENTS LATER
text: Mr. Johansen still sits with his feet up, reading. The next
text: page's headline reads: First Test Tube Baby Born.
text: Trip runs up to Mr. J's desk, one hand behind his back, the
text: other on his crotch. His face is drawn in an expression of
text: sheer agony. Hawk and Lex watch anxiously in the background.
speaker_heading: MR.J
dialog: Mr. Verudi, get back to your bench.
text: Trip puts one leg over the other always keeping a hand behind
dialog: his back.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: But I gotta take a piss like you
dialog: would not believe, Mr. Johansen!
speaker_heading: MR.J
dialog: Put a clothespin on it till the end
dialog: of class, Verudi. You know my rule.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: But ever since my doctor put me on
dialog: salt pills, it's been like Niagara
dialog: Falls every half hour! Please, Mr.
dialog: J! Have mercy!
text: Suddenly, a wet stain grows across the crotch of Trip's pants.
speaker_heading: MR.J
dialog: Salt pills? Don't insult my
dialog: intelligence, Verudi...
text: Mr. J. stops when he sees the stain starting to spread.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Jeezis, I'm taking a leak in my pants!
text: We now see Trip is squeezing the pump from before. He holds
text: it behind him feeding water into the tube running down the
text: back of his pants.
text: The stain travels fast, hitting Trip's knee in a nanosecond.
text: In a state of shock, Mr. J. slowly opens a long forgotten
text: drawer on his desk, finding a cobweb and dust-covered pad of
text: bathroom passes. He tears one off and dust flies everywhere.
text: He holds the pass out to Trip like it was a cross he was
text: holding before an advancing vampire.
speaker_heading: MR.J
dialog: (hoarsely)
dialog: Get the hell out of here, Verudi!
dialog: You disgust me!
text: Hawk and Lex observe that Trip has been successful, then do
text: a Three Stooges-style handshake, whispering "Curly!"
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OFFICE - DAY
text: The SECRETARY sits at her desk in the reception area filing
text: paperwork. She pauses when she hears RUNNING FOOTSTEPS. Trip
text: charges past, a big, wet stain on his crotch.
text: The secretary notices the pump and tube flopping from the
text: back of his pants as Trip turns a corner.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Trip runs up to a pay phone on the wall, pumps every nickel
text: he has into it, puts the phone to his ear and dials.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: I need to be connected to the W.A.R.P.
dialog: contest hotline... Now... lady!...
dialog: Hello, is this me? I'm Trip.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL SECURITY OFFICE - DAY
text: A cubby-of-an-office. Cluttered beyond belief. Elvis leans
text: back on his chair against the wall reading a PLOP Magazine.
text: A transistor radio plays W.A.R.P. He bolts at the sound of
text: Trip's name causing his chair to slide out from under him.
speaker_heading: THWAM!
speaker_heading: TRIP ON RADIO
dialog: Am I on the air?... Yeah... Gene
dialog: Klein, Stanley Eisen, Paul Frehley,
dialog: and Peter, uh, Criscoula... yeah,
dialog: that's it!
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OFFICE - DAY
text: The secretary hears an ecstatic "YEEEHAAWW" and turns to see
text: Trip wheeling back around the corner, leaping in the air as
text: he runs, YOWLING like a rodeo cowboy. He bounds past her.
text: She watches him and shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Moron.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY OFFICE - DAY
text: Still on the floor, Elvis grabs the little radio with rage,
text: flips it off and screams at it.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Why you little...! Over my dead body!
text: The bell RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE VOC/TECH ROOM - DAY
text: Students pour into the hall. Hawk and Lex exit the class
text: just as Trip comes zigzagging down the corridor dodging the
text: hordes. All three converge as Trip can't contain his
dialog: enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: I did it! I did it! We won!
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: We won?!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Fuckin' A! Woooooo!
text: The three burnouts jump, scream, HOOT, and play air
text: instruments like loons as if they're the only ones in the
text: hall. They can't stop. The rest of the student body are not
dialog: amused
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex hold their trays over the counter as the
text: LUNCH LADIES fill them with Salisbury steak, hard dinner
text: rolls and scoops of bluish pudding. Ah, public school
dialog: nutrition.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (stoked)
dialog: This is the best thing that ever
dialog: happened to me at school! Not only
dialog: are we on again for KISS in Detroit,
dialog: but we're actually sitting right at
dialog: the fifty yard line! I dare you dudes
dialog: to find a curlier scenario.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (double stoked)
dialog: Stan Lee couldn't think of a better
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: The Chinese have a proverb: "That
dialog: which appears too good to be true,
dialog: usually is." There's gotta be a catch.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Yeah? I have a saying too, Lex. It
dialog: goes, "Catch my jizz in your mouth
dialog: and stop jinxing us, asshole." We're
dialog: going this time and that's all there
dialog: is to it.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: I'm afraid our constipated little
dialog: friend is right this time, Trip.
dialog: There is a catch.
dialog: Hawk's really got their attention now.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Namely?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Our band "Mystery" is a quartet and
dialog: we can't go on the road without our
dialog: drummer. Jam's mom said something
dialog: about sending him to St. Bernard's,
dialog: right? We gotta bust him out before
dialog: we go anywhere.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: But... but, St. Bernard's is way the
dialog: hell over in the next county!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: So? Your mom's car has a CB, radar
dialog: detector and cruise control, check?
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: We are not stealing my mom's car.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Damn straight we are.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Hawk, all I need is one ding on the
dialog: Volvo and presto! There are my balls
text: hanging from the rearview mirror
text: after she gets back from Cincinnati.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: And when is she due back from that
dialog: groinecologist's convention anyway?
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Sunday, but...
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Then lighten up. She'll never know
dialog: we touched it. Alright, here's the
dialog: plan. We bus it to chez Lex, grab
dialog: the Volvo, bail Jam the hell outta
text: St. Bernard's and arrive at the train
dialog: station precisely on time for the
text: 2:45 to Detroit.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Simplicity, Hawk.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Simple-icity is more like it. And
dialog: you guys thought Jam was in trouble
dialog: before. Wait till Mrs. Bruce finds
dialog: out he went to that concert with us.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: There's only so much trouble an
dialog: individual can get into till it just
dialog: doesn't matter anymore, Lex. You
dialog: familiar with a condition known as
dialog: Absolute Zero?
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: The hypothetical temperature
dialog: characterized by the absence of heat
dialog: and even the slightest amount of
dialog: molecular activity? Yeah, I'm vaguely
dialog: familiar
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Well, Jam is in absolute trouble. He
dialog: couldn't get any deeper into shit if
text: he was a fly sitting in a horse's
dialog: ass. You know as well as me he'd
dialog: give his right arm just to see Peter
text: Criss's drum solo, never mind a whole
dialog: KISS concert, check?
text: Lex nods.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Well, the least we, his only buds in
dialog: the world, can do is take him along
dialog: with us tonight and give him one
text: last curl before he starts serving
dialog: his sentence.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Just for the record, I understood
dialog: the last part of what you said, but
dialog: for a while there you guys were making
dialog: no fucking sense whatsoever.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: I was just explaining to Lex here
dialog: what you and I already know. Just
dialog: had to make it a little more
dialog: complicated so he'd understand.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Very funny, Hawk. Okay, I'm in on
dialog: this hare-brained scheme, but if
dialog: anything happens to my mom's car,
dialog: I'm blaming you. I'll say you drugged
dialog: me or something.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Curly.
text: Hawk scopes out the cafeteria to make sure the coast is clear.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Ok, dudes, follow my lead.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Wait a minute. We ditching the rest
dialog: of school?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: About fuckin' time if you ask me.
dialog: I'm just going through the motions
dialog: till I drop out anyway.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Hello summer detention.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: As I was saying, follow my lead. And
dialog: maintain. Elvis just showed up.
text: Hawk points across the cafeteria and sure enough Elvis has
text: just entered. Luckily, he hasn't noticed the boys yet.
text: Elvis swaggers to a table of CHEERLEADERS, puts his leg on a
text: chair and starts a one-sided conversation with them. They
text: promptly push their trays away, having lost their appetites.
text: Meanwhile, back at the condiment tray, Hawk and Trip each
text: grab a big handful of ketchup packets and head to a table.
text: Lex reluctantly follows suit grabbing a big handful of ketchup
text: packets too. All three of them put their trays down and sit.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (eyeing Elvis)
dialog: Five second rule, boys. See you on
text: the other side.
text: Hawk approaches the exit door, glances either way, then
dialog: leaves.
text: Trip and Lex look at their watches for five seconds. Then
text: Trip heads for the exit door also.
text: Lex still stares at his watch. After five, he looks at Elvis,
text: who stops talking to the cheerleaders. As if possessing some
text: sixth sense, Elvis turns quickly and looks STRAIGHT INTO
speaker_heading: CAMERA.
text: ELVIS'S POV -- He spots the swinging exit door and an empty
text: table with three full lunch trays sitting on it.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Excuse me, ladies.
text: Relieved he's gone, the cheerleaders start eating again.
text: Elvis moves through the cafeteria in SLOW MOTION toward the
text: exit door. The hunter in action.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Elvis pushes through the door and into a hall, dead-eye stare
text: focused up ahead where the hallway turns sharply. He catches
text: a glimpse of Lex. Smiling like the devil, Elvis bolts.
scene_heading: INT. OTHER HALLWAY - DAY
text: Lex catches up with Hawk and Trip just as Elvis swings around
text: the corner and marauds after them CACKLING maniacally. A mad
text: chase ensues. Down hallways. Around corners. Upstairs. Down
text: ramps.
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex scramble as fast as they can to escape
text: the clutches of their sideburn-clad nemesis.
text: As the boys pass a classroom, a NERD comes out pushing a
text: projector on an AV cart. Thinking fast, Hawk grabs it out of
text: the nerd's hands and pushes it down the hall at Elvis.
speaker_heading: NERD
dialog: Hey, I'm responsible for that!
text: CRASH! Elvis bashes face-first into the rolling cart. He and
text: the projector go tumbling. Not wasting a second, Elvis is
text: back on his feet and after them again. The nerd grabs his
text: hair in horror at the sight of the smashed projector.
speaker_heading: AROUND A CORNER
text: Elvis SKIDS around the corner and trips on a fire hose
text: stretched across the floor from its glass box to a water
text: fountain pipe. He slides on his belly along the polished
text: floor unable to stop.
scene_heading: INT. ENGLISH CLASS - DAY
text: Old MISS HIBBS is lecturing on MOBY DICK. The kids are dozing.
speaker_heading: MISS HIBBS
text: Then a cry from the crow's nest...
dialog: "Thar she blows!"
text: Suddenly, a screaming Elvis slides into the open door on his
text: stomach and bowls Miss Hibbs over like a Brunswick. He clamors
text: to his feet and shoots out the room leaving everyone stunned.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Pausing at the corner, Elvis takes a breath and leaps around
text: it. He smiles at what he sees.
text: Up ahead, Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand on a 3-stair stoop,
text: desperately pulling at a locked door. Elvis smiles. They
speaker_heading: GULP.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: KISS concert? Kiss my ass morelike.
dialog: A nice, fat detention oughta put a
dialog: crimp in this evening's plans.
text: Elvis takes his key ring off his belt and begins twirling
text: it. The boys turn and face him. He savors the moment.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Looking for something, rodents?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Yeah, Elvis...
text: Hawk's brow furrows as he pulls about fifty ketchup packets
text: out of his pocket. Trip and Lex do the same.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: ..Your ass on a lunch tray.
text: Elvis laughs and lurches forward -- the boys' cue to drop
text: the ketchup packets at their feet and...
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: On your marks and...
text: Trip and Lex ready themselves, then...
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Fire!
text: They start stomping on the packets, squirting Elvis's face
text: and torso with tomato-based condiment causing him to let out
text: a scream that lasts the rest of the scene. Ketchup spatters
text: across his body in SUPER SLOW MOTION. A shot hits him in the
text: mouth and he COUGHS it back out in mid-scream.
text: The boys stomp relentlessly, mercilessly, blasting their
text: nemesis with hideous cafeteria red as Elvis throws his arms
text: back, body quaking at every splat. It's kind of like the
text: scene in "The Godfather" where Sonny gets it.
text: Beaten and spent, his scream now dried up to a hoarse GASPING,
text: Elvis slips on some ketchup at his feet. He hits the floor
text: with a THUD right in the goop. He lays there letting out DRY
text: SOBS looking like a bunless wiener.
text: Hawk jumps off the stoop. Taking Elvis's key chain away, he
text: hops back up and unlocks the door letting Trip and Lex out.
text: Hawk whips the keys back at Elvis, hitting him in the head,
text: then flashes a pearly Error Flynn smile.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Elvis, you ain't nothin' but a hot
dialog: dog.
text: Hawk bolts out the door. Elvis tries to get up only to slip
text: in the muck again and fall back down twice as hard.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Nooooo!!
speaker_heading: JAILBREAK
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN THE NEXT COUNTY - DAY
text: C/U on the grill of a moving car, Ohio vanity plate reading:
speaker_heading: Ob-GYN.
text: PULL BACK to reveal it's on a brand spanking-new, brown Volvo
text: 242 DL hauling ass. Hawk drives, Lex rides shotgun, and Trip
text: sits in the back, arms draped over the front seat.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. BERNARD'S - DAY
text: The Volvo turns and barrels up St. Bernard's gated entrance.
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - DAY
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Well, here we are back at fucking
dialog: school again.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Huh. St. Bernard's. Figures it's
text: named after a canine.
text: Hawk and Trip roll their eyes.
scene_heading: INT. ST. BERNARD'S BOARDING SCHOOL - DAY
text: Mrs. Bruce and FATHER McNULTY stand outside his office. The
text: door is open a tad. Jam sits just beyond it, but all we see
text: are his corduroyed legs which shake. Jam is one nervous kid.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Again, many thanks and praise to you
dialog: for seeing Jeremiah on such short
dialog: notice.
text: Father McNulty has a look of utter compassion on his face.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Anything for a potential tuition...
dialog: to be given to charity of course.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: God bless you, Father McNulty.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: He already has.
text: They hug. She exits. And the look of utter compassion on
text: Father McNulty's face disappears.
scene_heading: INT. FATHER MCNULTY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The priest enters, SLAMS the door shut, startling Jam, and
text: sits in front of a painting of the Virgin Mary on his wall.
text: The name plate on his desk reads: FR. PHILIP McNULTY.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Before enrolling you, Jeremiah, let
dialog: me just say it would be greatly
dialog: appreciated if your career at St.
dialog: Bernard's was an uneventful one.
dialog: Some students believe they can get
dialog: expelled through disobedience and
dialog: recklessness. What they don't
dialog: understand is even after God's
text: vengeance is meted out, He forgives.
dialog: That His devastating anger is followed
text: by His nurturing compassion. In a
dialog: nutshell, St. Bernard's may punish
dialog: you even for the slightest digression,
dialog: but will never cast you out, even
dialog: for the largest. So here you are,
dialog: Jeremiah... here to stay!
text: Father McNulty sticks the pencil into an electric pencil
text: sharpener and it makes the same NOISE a DENTIST'S DRILL does
text: when burrowing into a molar. Jam shudders.
text: The Father removes the pencil and blows the shavings away
text: from the needle-sharp tip.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Let's begin the enrollment, shall
dialog: we?
scene_heading: EXT. ST. BERNARD'S - DAY
text: Mrs. Bruce exits the building and approaches her car. She
text: stops when she sees the '78 brown Volvo parked behind her.
text: It's empty. She shrugs and gets into her car, driving off.
text: Inside the Volvo Hawk, Trip, and Lex poke their heads up.
text: The coast is clear so they can sit straight again. They stare
text: up at a second story window where they see part of Jam's
dialog: profile.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Now, how are we gonna do this?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Gimme a second, dudes. Lemme think.
text: They hear an ENGINE and turn to see a delivery truck labelled
text: PIZZA PIG parking behind them. A DELIVERY BOY holding a pizza
text: box steps out. Trip's mouth waters.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (licking his chops)
dialog: Mmm, pizza...
text: Seeing the boys, the delivery boy stops at the Volvo.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY BOY
dialog: Hey, you guys know where...
dialog: (looks at slip on box)
dialog: Philip McNutly's office is?
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex exchange an anxious glance, then Hawk
text: smiles. He is officially inspired as he turns to the boy.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Yeah, I'm Philip McNutly.
scene_heading: INT. FATHER MCNULTY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Father TAPS his pencil looking impatiently at Jam who
text: has totally withdrawn. He sits motionless staring into space.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Jeremiah, are you aware you need to
dialog: answer these questions, not just
dialog: listen to them? Jeremiah?
text: Jam doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Please don't become difficult this
dialog: early in your stay. I hate
dialog: disciplining boys before I get to
dialog: know them.
text: A NUN enters KNOCKING.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: Forgive me, Father. A young man here
dialog: with a pizza for you?
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Ah, yes! Send him in Sister Conimaria.
text: The nun exits and a second later Hawk enters wearing Lex's
text: baseball cap pulled down over his eyes.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Well, what's the damage, pizza fellow?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Ten even.
text: The priest swivels his chair around and unlocks a box labelled
text: "Donations." While he looks for cash, Hawk gives Jam a
text: discreet kick in the shin. Jam looks up and recognizes Hawk.
text: He then looks out the window seeing Trip, Lex, and the Volvo
dialog: below.
text: For the first time we see what Jam looks like with a big,
text: fat, shit-eating grin on his face.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (whispering to Jam)
dialog: If he offers you a slice, you're not
dialog: the least bit hungry, check?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Check.
text: Father McNulty swivels back around with a ten.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Here's ten and I'm donating your tip
dialog: to the church. The Lord thanks you.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Tell the Big Guy not to mention it.
text: Hawk takes the ten, tips the brim of the baseball cap and
text: leaves, giving Jam a cautious wink as he goes.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: And not a moment too soon. I'm
dialog: famished. I hope you brought a lunch
dialog: for yourself.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: No, but I'm not hungry anyway.
text: Father McNulty raises his eyebrows, then opens the pizza
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Well! It finally speaks. There's one
dialog: barrier we've broken through.
text: Father McNulty smiles, taking a big bite. Jam smiles for an
text: entirely different reason. The priest mumbles with a mouthful.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: You know, your coming here reminds
dialog: me of a gospel called The Prodigal
dialog: Son.
text: Jam grins a bit feigning interest.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: There was once a farmer who had two
dialog: sons. Both grew up on the farm,
dialog: helping their father until...
dialog: (suddenly alarmed)
speaker_heading: GYYAACK!
text: Father McNulty GAGS sticking his pizza-covered tongue out.
text: He pours himself a glass of wine and sucks it down looking
text: concerned for the moment. Finally, he BELCHES.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: That was a very stale mushroom.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where was I?... Ah, yes, one day the
dialog: elder son decided to leave the farm...
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - DAY
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex look up at Father McNulty's window.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Usually takes anywhere from ten
dialog: minutes to half an hour.
text: They look at their watches, then back at the window.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Shit! This is such a lousy view. How
dialog: the hell are we gonna know when he's
dialog: lit?
text: Just then, INSANE LAUGHTER bellows from the window above.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: He's lit.
scene_heading: INT. FATHER MCNULTY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Father has undergone a metamorphosis. He's redder than a
text: boiling lobster, his eyes bulge and he's laughing the deepest
dialog: laugh a man can without risking psychological evaluation.
text: Jam watches fascinated as the priest tries to finish the
dialog: story. It's not every day you see a holy man tripping on
dialog: shrooms.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: (in mid-guffaw)
dialog: So then, the younger one says, "But
dialog: dad... I've been helping you on the
dialog: farm my entire life!
dialog: (belly laugh)
dialog: You never once slaughtered the fatted
dialog: calf for me!" And then...
dialog: (more belly laughter)
dialog: Forgive me, Jeremiah, it's just
dialog: that... I've been telling this gospel
dialog: for years and... I just now realized
dialog: it's the work of some comedy
dialog: mastermind! The Prodigal Son is a
dialog: barrel of fucking monkeys!
text: Father McNulty belly laughs so hard this time, he slides off
text: his chair hitting his chin on the edge of his desk. He is in
text: pain only momentarily, then laughs again, this time at his
text: own pratfall. He hoists himself back into his chair.
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex suddenly barge into the office, followed
text: by the outraged nun.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: You kids can't go in there!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: It's okay, we're old buds of Father
dialog: McNulty... How's it hangin', padre?
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
text: A little to the right, pizza fellow.
text: Father McNulty laughs some more.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: That was another dude. Anyway, we're
dialog: here to take our bud Jam to the big
dialog: satanic KISS concert tonight. Okay
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: (waving)
dialog: Rock on!
text: Jam gets up and all four boys exit.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: (yelling after them)
dialog: Give my regards to the guy with the
dialog: really big tongue!
text: The nun looks at the priest, deep concern in her eyes.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: What the hell are you doing, Sister
dialog: Gonorrhea, waiting for a bus?
text: He lets out a belly laugh as the shocked nun runs from the
text: office. Father McNulty laughs even louder at her behavior,
text: POUNDING his fists on the desk, tears rolling down his cheeks,
dialog: until...
text: He suddenly glimpses at the painting of the Virgin Mary and
text: abruptly stops laughing. What appears to be extreme contrition
text: washes over his face as he moves closer to the painting.
speaker_heading: FATHER MCNULTY
dialog: Jesus H. Christ, look at all the
dialog: colors.
speaker_heading: GUIDOS
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - DAY
text: Hawk drives, Trip rides shotgun, Lex and Jam sit in the back.
text: Stoked beyond belief, Jam POUNDS his drumsticks on the
text: upholstery to the beat of a rockin' KISS tune playing on the
dialog: 8-track.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Oh, man, my mom is gonna send me to
dialog: Alcatraz for this and I don't even
dialog: care! I'm gonna see Peter Criss's
dialog: drum solo!
text: Lex taps Jam on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Not looking like that, Mr. Rogers.
text: Lex hands him a paper bag with jeans and a tee-shirt in it.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: We got you a change of duds when we
text: picked up the car.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Next stop: the 2:45 to Detroit Rock
dialog: City!
text: The boys do their Three Stooges handshake and say "Curly!"
text: Jam starts to change. Just then, the Volvo passes a two-tone
text: Chevy Impala with luggage tied to the roof. The passenger in
text: the back seat turns and spots Jam pulling off his pants.
text: It's Beth. Her eyes bulge. Beth parents are in the front.
text: Jam spots her and beams. Their eyes lock. She waves and starts
dialog: to yell something, when... suddenly... BANG!
text: The boys look out the driver's side of the car to see the
text: rear hubcap rolling away. They've got a flat.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (screams)
dialog: My mom's hubcap!
text: The car fishtails and weaves but Hawk manages to pull over.
text: The Chevy continues on, Beth gazing out the rear window sadly.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Shit!
dialog: (looks at car clock)
dialog: Anybody know how long it takes to
dialog: fix a flat?
scene_heading: EXT. LOCAL TRAIN STOP - DAY
text: ANGLE ON a status report. The 2:45 is now leaving. We see is
text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam running alongside a train as it
text: picks up speed by the second. They YELL for it to stop, but
text: it's hopeless. The train is gone. So much for the 2:45.
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - DAY
text: Lex looks at the speedometer. Hawk's got it up to ninety-
dialog: five.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Jeezis, Hawk, can you at least keep
dialog: it within twenty miles of the speed
dialog: limit?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Lex, am I gonna have to lock you in
dialog: the trunk till we reach Detroit?
dialog: Don't worry, these babies are built
dialog: for speed.
text: Trip holds his stomach as we hear it GROWL.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: I'm starvin' and it's way past
dialog: lunchtime.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Totally. All I've had for chow was a
dialog: packet of Pop Rocks and a Yoo-hoo.
text: Trip spots a sign on the side of the road: Next Exit,
dialog: Sandusky.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Let's stop in Sandusky, Hawk.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: What's in Sandusky?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Pizza, and I been jones-in' for a
dialog: pizza ever since we left St.
dialog: Bernard's.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - DAY
text: The boys chomp on their pizza slices and chug cans of Hawaiian
text: Punch. Another raucous KISS tune BLARES.
text: Behind them, a car horn starts HONKING rhythmically. Hawk
text: looks into the rearview mirror and sees two guys and two
text: girls in a tailgating Trans Am.
text: The guys have 90 M.P.H. haircuts, tacky, wide-collared shirts,
text: and massive amounts of jewelry on their necks.
text: The girls wear 10-layer make-up, mega-jewelry, and hair teased
text: so high, it touches the car's roof.
speaker_heading: HAWK
text: Only a car full of guidos and stellas
dialog: would ride someone's ass on a two-
text: lane road and beep.
scene_heading: INT. TRANS AM - DAY
text: The speakers BLAST a DISCO SONG to which the four passengers
text: sing. KENNY, the driver, HONKS to the disco beat.
dialog: They're slightly older than our heroes and very full of
text: themselves. Kenny and his best girl CHRISTINE sit in the
text: front. BOBBY and BARBARA are in the back. It's a double disco
dialog: date.
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - DAY
text: Trip lifts a rubbery slice of pizza to his mouth and the top
text: layer slides off PLOPPING into his lap.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Eyowch! This is one hot pizza!
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Trip, huck that out before it stains
dialog: the upholstery!
text: Trip grabs the wad of goop and throws it out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. TRANS AM - DAY
text: Just as the DISCO TUNE playing in the Trans Am hits the next
text: chorus, a fistful of pizza SPLATTERS across the windshield.
text: Freaked, Kenny swerves and zigzags all over the road.
text: Righting himself, Kenny's entire family might as well have
dialog: been insulted.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Stop singing... NOW!
text: He turns off the stereo and floors the accelerator, swerving
text: into the left lane and passing the Volvo. Bobby is just now
text: noticing the mess on the windshield.
text: He starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, Kenny, look! There's a hunk of
dialog: fawkin' cheese on your windsheel!
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - DAY
text: Lex is looking at the mess on the Trans Am's windshield and
text: the anger in the eyes of its passengers.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Holy shit! We just pissed off the
dialog: Incredible Hulk, his idiot half
text: brother and two circus clowns.
text: The Trans Am runs alongside the Volvo and Hawk turns to see
text: Kenny pointing to the breakdown lane.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Stop the friggin' car NOW!
text: Hawk rolls up his window. Kenny yells, VOICE MUFFLED, and
text: points to Hawk who pays absolutely no attention whatsoever.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Don't you think we should at least
dialog: pull over and offer to clean it off?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: What?! Are you mentally deranged,
dialog: Jam?
text: Just then, SLAM, the Trans Am bangs up against the side of
text: the Volvo pushing it onto the shoulder.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: What the fuck!
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (freaking out)
dialog: The paint!
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - DAY
text: The Trans Am muscles the Volvo into the breakdown lane.
text: Parking the ass end of the Pontiac out a bit, Kenny blocks
text: the Volvo in. Kenny and Bobby climb from their car and storm
text: over to the boys.
text: Hawk opens his door just as Kenny's hairy-knuckled hands
text: pull him out through the window. He grabs Trip, yanking him
text: out too. Bobby opens the back door and does the same with
dialog: Lex and Jam.
text: With a kid in each hand now, Kenny and Bobby SLAM the four
text: boys against the Volvo in a line. The size difference between
text: the burnouts and the guidos is painfully obvious now. Kenny
dialog: and Bobby are Neanderthals.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Do you realize the sheer, goddamn,
text: unadulterated, undiluted, no holds
dialog: barred, one hundred percent pure as
dialog: Ivory Snow, absolutely friggin'
dialog: STUPIDITY of what you just did?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Hey, disco dude, it's cool...
text: Kenny hauls back and SLAPS the row of boys in the faces Three
text: Stooges-style... WHACKWHACKWHACKWHACK!
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: DO YOU?!
text: Trip, Lex, and Jam clutch their faces in pain. Hawk looks
text: merely disenchanted as Kenny pokes a muscle-bound finger at
text: his chest. Getting in Hawk's face, Kenny yammers loud and
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Lemme paint you a friggin' picture
dialog: ahright? Imagine if you will a 1978
text: Pontiac Trans American in pristine
dialog: condition.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: An appealing portrait, nesspah?
text: Hawk starts to say "yes."
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: BUT WAIT! What's that spec on the
dialog: windshield? Could it be a wad of
text: melted mozzarella, tangy tomato sauce,
dialog: and various friggin' meat products?
text: Hawk is unimpressed.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Could be.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: And if it ain't cleaned off?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Kenny, come on with the macho crap
dialog: already. Like this kid could take
dialog: you in a fight anyway.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (ignoring Christine)
dialog: Answer me, hippie girl. And if the
dialog: mess ain't cleaned off my car?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: It could... bake on?
text: Kenny looks at Bobby and they exchange moronic grins.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: You're a smart little homo, aren't
dialog: you, hippie girl? But, while astounded
dialog: at your nimble, friggin' insight, I
text: still detect an issue hanging fire,
dialog: namely: where does a sharp-witted
dialog: faggot like yourself get off doing
dialog: such a dopey thing like that there?
dialog: Hawk figured out that any answer he gives will be incorrect
text: and has decided to wait till Kenny's done.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: No really, I'm perplexed. I mean,
dialog: could you have done stupider if you
dialog: were born without a FUCKIN' HEAD?!
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (using "oh" to mean
dialog: "enough")
dialog: Oh! With the language!
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Shut-up, Christine!
text: Christine snarls at Kenny.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Okay, Kenny? I don't mean to drain
dialog: your keg or anything, but could you
dialog: speed up this process?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don't get me wrong, we'd love to
dialog: stand here and get shit on by the
dialog: cast of Saturday Night Fever, but
dialog: we're also on a schedule. So step on
dialog: it.
text: Cold silence as Kenny replays Hawk's insult over in his head.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Are you gettin' wise with me?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: No, I'm dumber than a goddamn slug.
dialog: Now can I please clean your windshield
dialog: and leave without further ado?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Break his fawkin' legs, Kenny!
text: Kenny's temper's rising faster than the price of gasoline.
text: Hawk on the other hand is cooler than an Otter Pop.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Oh, you're dumb all right, you hairy
dialog: ass punk. But please, allow me to
dialog: clean the friggin' windshield. I
dialog: insist.
text: And with that, Kenny grabs himself a fistful of Hawk's long
text: hair and pulls him over to the Trans Am. He wipes the pizza
text: off with Hawk's hair, tugging Hawk's head up and down, back
text: and forth. Hawk GRUNTS with each wipe, but doesn't give Kenny
text: the satisfaction of hearing him scream.
text: Trip, Lex, and Jam watch helplessly, trapped under Bobby's
text: dull-witted, but equally threatening gaze.
text: Kenny gets the last of the big chunks off his windshield and
text: looks at his handiwork.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: There. Nice and clean.
text: He throws Hawk to the ground and smiles at Bobby. Then, he
text: suddenly hears the KISS tune coming from the Volvo. Uh-oh!
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Oh, no, no, no! It's the fag band!
text: Kenny clenches his jaws and walks up to the Volvo, reaching
text: in the driver's door. Suddenly Jam grabs his wrist.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Whoa! This is about pizza! Let's
dialog: leave KISS out of it. Please.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: A bunch of guys who make bad music,
dialog: dress like freaks, and wear more
dialog: make-up than all my sisters combined?
dialog: These assholes must be stopped!
text: Kenny pushes Jam away.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: That's it, Kenny! I'm leaving!
text: Christine gets out of the car and starts walking down the
text: highway, exiting the scene.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Oh, Christine! You googatz in the
dialog: head or something? We're on the side
dialog: of the freakin' highway!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Let her go, Barbara, she'll come
dialog: back to Kenny. She always does...
dialog: (to Kenny)
dialog: Right, Kenny?
text: Kenny meanwhile has his arm in the Volvo.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Kool and the Gang, now there's real
dialog: music.
text: Kenny takes the 8-track from the car...
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: But this... is crap!
text: He flings it into the highway, where it is summarily smashed
text: to bits under the wheels of a passing semi.
text: FOLLOW a chunk of cartridge and a strand of mangled tape
text: streaming from it as it sails back toward the side of the
text: road, landing at Jam's feet.
text: TILT UP to Jam's face. He raises his eyes and turns to the
text: CAMERA, a single tear rolling down his cheek, just like the
dialog: Indian in that "Keep America Beautiful" litter ad.
text: Hawk rises and Kenny comes face-to-face with him.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: So. All that having been said and
dialog: done, I believe we are ready for the
dialog: final topic of discussion. Namely:
dialog: Have you learned your lesson yet,
dialog: puke?
text: Hawk pulls a cigarette from his pocket and lights it. He
text: blows some smoke in Kenny's face.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Well, let's recap, shall we? You
dialog: slapped all of us, yelled at me,
dialog: used my head for a rag, threw me on
dialog: the ground and tossed our LOVE GUN 8-
text: track under the wheels of a passing
dialog: semi.
dialog: (puffing on cig)
dialog: So, if the lesson was that you're a
dialog: dick with ears and a really bad
dialog: haircut, then, yes... I'd say we
dialog: learned it.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (beat, in disbelief)
dialog: Excuse me, I'm a little deef-a-
dialog: hearin'. Can you repeat yourself?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Okay. Ahem! You. Are. A. Dick. With.
dialog: Ears. And. A. Really. Bad. Haircut.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Oh, yeah...?
text: Out of original material, Kenny goes for an old stand by.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: That's not what your mother said
dialog: last night.
text: Trip, Lex, and Jam exchange "uh-oh" glances. Meanwhile, Hawk's
text: eyes glaze over.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: It's not, huh? Well, then, tell me...
text: Hawk reaches into his coat pocket and pulls out his mostly
text: empty can of Hawaiian Punch, holding it discreetly at his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: ...what exactly did my mother say
dialog: last night?
text: Kenny draws a blank, not being prepared for this one.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: You heard me, prick. What did my
dialog: mother say last night?
text: Kenny chuckles and looks at Bobby. They have a good little
text: laugh... the homo's got balls! Then Kenny turns back to Hawk.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Okay, fagmo... I'll tell you what
dialog: your mother said last night.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She said that I was the fuck of her
dialog: life.
text: Hawk is a little mad now. He tosses his cigarette to the
text: ground and squashes it like a bug under his sneaker.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (very Clint Eastwood)
dialog: How would you like a nice Hawaiian
dialog: Punch?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (smirking)
dialog: Sure.
text: Quick as a shot, Hawk SLAMS the bottom of the can into Kenny's
text: nose, crushing it flat against his face. Hawaiian backwash
text: spews from its tab hole like blood as Kenny falls backwards
text: from the impact. He hits his head on the ground.
text: Taking this as a cue... Trip whips out his wallet on a
text: chain... Lex rips off his KISS belt... And Jam yanks out his
text: drumsticks.
text: As if choreographed, Trip swoops the wallet at Bobby's feet,
text: snagging him around the ankles tightly with the chain. Lex
text: THWAMS Bobby in the face with his big KISS belt buckle leaving
text: a reversed, red, KISS logo branded in his forehead.
text: Trip yanks the chain pulling Bobby off his feet. When he
text: hits the ground, Jam's right there DRUMMING his balls.
text: Bobby shrieks.
text: Meanwhile, Hawk advances on Kenny who tries to get the can
text: off his face, but it's stuck on looking like a pig's nose
text: with fruit punch for snot.
text: Hawk raises both his hands in Kenny's face, then executes
text: the final insult... Hawk messes Kenny's hair. Kenny lets out
text: a scream that comes from the bottom of his vanity.
text: Hawk grabs Kenny by the ears and brings the guido's head
text: swiftly against his kneecap. Kenny falls to the ground,
text: unconscious on top of Bobby. Their heads collide knocking
text: Bobby out cold.
text: Terrified, Barbara leaps from the Trans Am and is cornered.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Not so fast, stella.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Kenny, Bobby, and Barbara are now tied to the guardrail with
text: Jam's white corduroy pants, geeky belt, and plaid shirt.
text: Kenny and Bobby rest their unconscious heads on each of
text: Barbara's shoulders.
text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam look down at the two guidos and the
text: stella, snickering.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: When they wake up, they're gonna
dialog: come looking for you jerks. You best
dialog: hope they don't find you, cause if
dialog: they do, they're gonna kick your
dialog: asses.
text: Hawk grabs a cinderblock off the side of the road, walking
dialog: up to the Trans Am.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Right, stella, and we'll deserve it.
dialog: But let's really make it worth their
dialog: while.
text: Hawk puts the rock on the Trans Am's accelerator letting the
dialog: engine WHINE in protest. (Again we are cautious not to show
dialog: the guidos' faces.)
speaker_heading: HAWK
text: By the way, when Kenny wakes up could
dialog: you give him a message for me. Tell
dialog: him, quote, Kool and the gang bite
dialog: my bag, motherfucker, unquote.
text: He throws the Trans Am into drive.
text: All who are conscience listen to the brief SCREECH, then
text: watch the Trans Am as it barrels without a driver into the
text: woods skirting the highway.
text: It races into ditches, bounces off trees, and SPLASHES through
text: ponds, all Smokey and the Bandit-like.
text: The disco-mobile ramps off the edge of an embankment, tumbles
text: down a steep, rocky incline breaking apart along the way,
text: and finally, BOOM! It explodes on final impact.
text: The boys all look at each other and shrug. Hawk walks back
text: to the Volvo and gets in. Trip, Lex, and Jam follow suit and
text: pile in as well. Lex shouts back to Barbara.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Oh, thanks for letting us draw from
dialog: your ample make-up supply. You must
dialog: have the entire Revlon factory in
dialog: your purse!
text: ANGLE ON KENNY, BOBBY, AND BARBARA.
text: We now see them from the front. Lo-and-behold, Kenny has
dialog: been made-up like Gene Simmons, Bobby like Paul Stanley.
dialog: Whoever finds them is gonna get the wrong idea about their
dialog: musical taste... and kick their asses all over again.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Very funny. I hope you choke!
scene_heading: STELLA ON BOARD
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - DAY
text: Hawk starts the engine and takes off. Trip pulls a baggie of
text: weed and some rolling papers out.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Hey, look, it's that girl.
text: Jam points out at the road ahead to Christine. She's a few
text: hundred feet away walking sadly in the breakdown lane.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: That's no girl. That's a stella.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Stella or no stella, we should pull
text: over and help her out.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Oh no, Jam. I'm not falling for that
dialog: twice.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Well, couldn't you slow down so I
dialog: can at least state my case, Hawk? If
dialog: you don't like it, you can speed up
dialog: and I'll never mention it again.
text: Hawk slows down, turning into the breakdown lane, travelling
text: about two miles per hour. Christine doesn't notice as they
text: edge closer to her.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: What is it with you, Jam? You got a
dialog: thing for that... thing?
speaker_heading: JAM
text: She's a teenage girl walking on the
dialog: side of the highway. They make very
dialog: scary movies that start out like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Well, they may not make movies about
text: four dudes going to a KISS concert.
dialog: But if they ever did, the four dudes
dialog: most certainly would not stop and
text: pick up a stranded disco bunny.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Unless there was gonna be a scene
text: where the disco bunny blows the four
text: dudes on the way to the show.
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - DAY
text: Christine sits between Jam and Lex in the back SNAPPING gum.
text: Jam and Lex stare at her like cats looking at a fish bowl.
text: Hawk looks in the rearview mirror at Christine checking
text: herself in a compact. She swathes on some 7-Up flavored,
text: Bonnie Bell lip gloss.
text: Trip meanwhile twirls the joint he's just finished rolling
text: in his mouth, sealing it. He winks at her disgustingly.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Oh, great. I just hitched a ride
dialog: with a bunch of potheads... I'm
dialog: hooking up with some people at this
dialog: funky place in downtown Detroit called
dialog: Disco Inferno. Mind droppin' me there?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (smirks)
dialog: What's it worth to you?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (grossed out)
dialog: What the hell is that supposed to
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: It doesn't mean anything. Don't pay
text: attention to him.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (rolls his eyes)
dialog: Disco Inferno? Disco's infernal
dialog: morelike.
text: Trying to be suave, Lex moves in close, putting the make on
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Your clothes may say disco, but your
dialog: eyes say rock 'n' roll, baby.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Well, your tee-shirt may say rock
dialog: 'n' roll, but your breath says
dialog: pepperoni, baby.
text: She pushes him away. Jam laughs.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: So, are you, like, gonna polish our
dialog: nobs, or what?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (thoroughly offended)
dialog: What? That's disgusting!
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Trip! That's so fuckin' rude, man.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Oh, quit bein' the wussy, sensitive
dialog: guy to impress her, Jam. She's
dialog: obviously not gonna put out. She's a
dialog: fuckin' tease.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Tease? What the hell did I do to
dialog: tease you mongoloids?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: You got in the car, didn't you?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Oh, God, how calculating of me to
dialog: lead you all on like that after you
dialog: offered me a ride in the middle of
dialog: nowhere.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Whatever... stella.
text: Trip lights the joint and takes a lungful of pot. He passes
text: it to Lex and the joint begins to make its rounds with the
text: exception of Christine. The car starts to fill with smoke.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: The name's Christine, not stella.
dialog: And there's no need to be such pigs
dialog: just cause I prefer Donna Summer or
dialog: KC and the Sunshine Boys or the
dialog: Village People over KISS?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (with disdain)
dialog: The Village People? They're fags!
dialog: You're a fag hag!
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Come on, Hawk.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I can take care of myself, but thanks
dialog: anyway, germ.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Jam.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Whatever.
dialog: (to Hawk)
dialog: Okay, Joe Burnout, let's get one
dialog: thing straight here. As far as I'm
dialog: concerned good tunes is good tunes,
dialog: be it disco or rock or polka or
dialog: whatever have you, regardless of the
dialog: category. True, if I had to choose,
dialog: I'd pick the category labelled disco
dialog: because I happen to enjoy dancing.
dialog: Disco is just easier to dance to.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: You call that John Travolta/Denny
dialog: Terio shit dancing? I wouldn't dance
dialog: like that in private if you paid me.
speaker_heading: TRIP
text: Disco blows dogs for quarters.
text: Christine processes this remark.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Now there's an intelligently biting
text: remark wrought with wit and irony.
text: Trip looks confused, then smiles thinking she paid him a
dialog: compliment.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Hey, if you don't like that one,
dialog: maybe you'll think it's funny when
dialog: we throw your ass out the goddamn
dialog: car!
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yeah, why don't you put your money
dialog: where your mouth is?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Why don't you kiss my hairy crack?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Why don't you bend over, you're
dialog: looking right at it!
dialog: All, Christine included, pause to think about what that
text: comment was supposed to mean. Lex takes a hit off the joint.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (holding in smoke)
dialog: That last remark fell about 30 yards
text: away from making any sense whatsoever.
text: Hawk and Trip immediately bust into the giggles and it doesn't
text: take long for Lex and Jam to follow suit.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (realization)
dialog: Hey, you're right. "Bend over you're
dialog: looking right at it?!"
dialog: (starts to laugh)
dialog: What's that supposed to mean anyway?
text: Christine succumbs to the contagious giggle epidemic and the
dialog: whole car gets a great laugh for a while.
text: They finally calm down again and wipe tears from their eyes.
text: Lex still has the joint now as Christine looks at it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Man, this is some kickass shit!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Gimme a hit off that jay will ya?
text: Lex smiles despite himself and holds the weed out to her as
dialog: we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: HELLO DETROIT, GOODBYE TICKETS!
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: The Volvo passing a big sign that says: "Welcome to Michigan,
dialog: the Great Lakes State."
text: The Volvo racing toward the Detroit skyline.
dialog: Detroit landmarks: The General Motors Building, the Ford
dialog: Building, Motown Records, and finally...
text: COBO HALL, where thousands of fans in KISS tees gather,
text: waiting for its doors to open.
text: Unbelievable traffic stretches to an intersection at which
text: stand four key landmarks... a cathedral, a convenience store,
text: a parking lot, and a male strip joint. They face one another,
text: each on its own corner.
text: A gigantic sign on the auditorium's facade flashes the
text: commandment, "YOU GOTTA LOSE YOUR MIND IN DETROIT ROCK CITY"
text: over and over again.
scene_heading: EXT. COBO HALL - SUNSET
text: The sun hangs low on this day as the Volvo sits in traffic,
text: passing Cobo Hall. Movement is nearly impossible.
text: KISS FANS cram every square foot of open macadam, pushing
text: through the jammed cars. STREET VENDORS hawk KISS souvenirs
text: from tee-shirts to pennants. Some are in stands along the
text: sidewalk. Others come right up to car windows.
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - SUNSET
text: Christine is fast asleep between Jam and Lex.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Man, that weed knocked Christine on
text: her ass. She's sleeping like a baby
dialog: stella.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (whispers lustfully)
dialog: Let's lift up her shirt.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (pointing out
dialog: windshield)
dialog: There it is!
text: All look ahead. COBO Hall. A HALO GLOW forms around the
text: building accompanied by a CHOIR OF ANGELS.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (in reverence)
dialog: We made it!
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Curly driving, Hawk. We still got
dialog: two hours to spare.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Ample time to grab our tickets at
text: the station. See, up ahead. W.A.R.P.
text: One block on the left is the W.A.R.P. tower.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Hey, Look at the front entrance! A
text: car's pulling out. The parking space
dialog: from heaven. God is surely smiling
dialog: down upon us tonight, dudes.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Kind of funny, I thought He'd be
dialog: pissed as hell at me.
text: The opening to the Carpenters' "TOP OF THE WORLD" begins.
scene_heading: INT. W.A.R.P. TOWER ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: "TOP OF THE WORLD" continues, playing through the speaker of
text: the ascending elevator inside which Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam
text: stand. They watch the numbers climb, smiling.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: What was that D.J.'s name again?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Oh, I'll remember it till the day I
dialog: die. His name was... Simpleton the
dialog: Simian? No, Samson Samoan... No,
dialog: simply, similar...
scene_heading: INT. SIMPLE SIMON'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam poke their heads around the corner
text: of an office doorway totem pole-style.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Simple Simon?
text: SIMPLE SIMON strikes a pose before a full-length mirror in a
text: glittery-back Gene Simmons tee-shirt, silver pants, and very
text: high heel boots. He has a huge Afro and bushy moustache. He
text: turns when he hears Hawk.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON
dialog: The one and only. But can you kids
dialog: hurry this up? I'm due at Coco Hall
text: in half an hour for the warm-up.
text: They all enter and stand at Simple Simon's desk.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: We're right behind you, Simo. Just
dialog: wanted to thank you in advance for
dialog: handing over those burly-ass tix me
dialog: and my buds won this morning.
text: The boys do a Three Stooges handshake and say "Curly!" Simple
text: Simon on the other hand suddenly appears nonplussed
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON
dialog: Your name isn't Trip is it?
scene_heading: INT. PRODUCER'S BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam sit in the tiny producer's booth
text: with Simon who fast forwards a reel-to-reel tape through
text: some very loud, high-speed conversation and bits of music.
text: Looking at the footage counter on the tape player, he slows
text: down at a certain point and lets the boys listen to this:
text: The CLICK of a phone being answered.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE
dialog: Simple Simon on the Rock, go caller.
speaker_heading: TRIP'S VOICE
dialog: Hello? Is this me? I'm Trip. Am I on
dialog: the air?
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE
dialog: I should hang up on you right now,
dialog: but you're the right caller so answer
dialog: quick or get your battleship sunk.
dialog: What are the names of the four members
speaker_heading: of KISS?
speaker_heading: TRIP'S VOICE
dialog: Gene Klein, Stanley Eisen, Paul
dialog: Frehley, and Peter...Criscula! Yeah,
dialog: that's it!
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE
dialog: Is that your final answer?
speaker_heading: TRIP'S VOICE
dialog: (with trepidation)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE
dialog: (building to crescendo)
dialog: Trip? You just got yourself four
dialog: tickets and four backstage passes to
dialog: KISS live at Cobo Hall tonight!
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TRIP'S VOICE
dialog: I did?
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE
dialog: Yeah, you did!
speaker_heading: TRIP'S VOICE
dialog: Yeeeehaaawww!! This is totally fuckin'
dialog: curly, man! Thank you God!
speaker_heading: CLI-CLICK.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE
dialog: Whoa, easy, Trip, this is radio, not
dialog: "Taxi Driver." Now listen up cause
dialog: this next part is crucial. Stay on
dialog: the line so we can get your full
dialog: name, information, and...
scene_heading: DIAL TONE.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE
dialog: Trip? Trip? Oh, man, you didn't hang
dialog: up on me did you? Trip?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What kind of total moron would
dialog: hang...?
text: Simple Simon stops the tape and looks at the boys who look
text: like they've just been served a life sentence behind bars.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON
dialog: Well, there you have it. We had no
dialog: choice but to give the tickets to
dialog: the next caller. I'm sorry.
text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam stare at the floor in silence.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON
dialog: We got sodas in the fridge if that
dialog: helps any.
scene_heading: INT. W.A.R.P. TOWER ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam ride back down the elevator sipping
text: NeHi sodas, watching the floor numbers get lower and lower.
text: Terry Jack's immortal hit "SEASONS IN THE SUN" plays over
text: the elevator speaker.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Well, here we are, dudes. One hour
dialog: and thirty minutes away from the
dialog: concert of the century... ticketless.
dialog: All thanks to Wile E. Coyote, Super-
dialog: Fucking Genius over here.
text: Trip looks away from the rest, ashamed.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Really, Trip, can we bore holes in
dialog: your head and use it as a bong so it
dialog: actually does us some good for a
dialog: change?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Fuck you, Lex! This whole thing
dialog: wouldn't have happened if it wasn't
dialog: for you jinxing us. I just made an
dialog: honest mistake.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, Trip. What you made
text: was a big, brainless, pile of horse
dialog: shit. No offense.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Guys, GUYS! Come on, if this is
dialog: anyone's fault, it's mine. I was the
text: one who grabbed Trip's jacket by
dialog: mistake. It's my fault and I
dialog: apologize.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Please, Jam, we're trying to vent
dialog: some hostility here. Sure the whole
dialog: thing may be your fault, but who's
dialog: gonna get pissed off at you?
text: Jam looks at his feet.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Sometimes I think I don't deserve
dialog: friends as good as you guys.
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex cringe.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: I have one question. How could a kid
text: who wails on the drums like it's the
dialog: only thing keeping him alive even
dialog: think of such a femmy thing to say?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Really, Jam, you tryin' to make us
dialog: barf?
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Yeah, it's like you're possessed by
dialog: The Flying Nun, or something.
text: The doors to the elevator open and the boys step out.
dialog: SHAKE YOUR WEEWEE!
scene_heading: EXT. W.A.R.P. TOWER - NIGHT
text: COBO Hall looms up ahead.
text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam enter the sidewalk. A thickening
text: CROWD of KISS fans continually meander by.
text: On their way to the car, they suddenly hear a WOMAN'S VOICE
text: bellowing through a megaphone from somewhere down the street.
text: After a moment they see the voice's source.
text: A GROUP OF WOMEN has congregated about forty feet ahead and
text: their LEADER, her back toward the boys, yells to the group
text: through her bullhorn. Flying above them all is a large banner
text: reading: "MATMOK, Mothers Against The Music Of KISS."
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Welcome to the first open meeting of
dialog: MATMOK, Mothers Against The Music Of
dialog: KISS!"
text: The group cheers as the KISS FANS milling around them pretty
text: much ignore the whole MATMOK spectacle.
text: Lex looks away from the MATMOKS and into the street. We can't
text: see what he sees, but we can tell he's alarmed.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Uh... dudes?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (ignoring Lex)
dialog: Now there's a woman who totally abuses
dialog: the privilege of motherhood.
speaker_heading: LEX
speaker_heading: DUDES!
text: They all look at Lex.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (eyes focused ahead)
dialog: Where's the Volvo?
text: Hawk, Trip, and Jam look at their parking spot to see a beat-
text: up Dodge Dart sitting there instead of the Volvo.
speaker_heading: TRIP
text: It's gone.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: I can see that, bright boy. What
dialog: happened to it?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: It was stolen!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Christine stole it! Asleep, my ass!
dialog: The stella booted with your mom's
dialog: wheels.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: But we took the keys?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Damn, she musta hot wired it. We
dialog: picked up a professional car thief
dialog: in the shape of Olivia Newton-John!
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Okay, I'm just a little mad now!
dialog: Jam, why'd you talk us into picking
dialog: that bitch up in the first place!?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I'm sorry, guys. I thought it was a
dialog: nice thing to do.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Jam, not another word out of your
dialog: femmy-ass mouth! Okay, we're here,
dialog: we got nothing, and we got an hour
dialog: and a half. We're totally committed.
dialog: It's time to brainstorm.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Here's a suggestion. Let's stop
dialog: worrying about the concert for the
dialog: time being and get the cops in on
dialog: this Volvo situation.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Wake up, Lex. This is Detroit. The
dialog: cops aren't gonna waste city dollars
dialog: looking for a Swedish car. Face it,
dialog: the Volvo's on a cutting board as we
dialog: speak getting sliced, diced, and
text: julienned by Christine, the chop
text: shop gourmet.
text: Lex is developing a look of resolve. This is Detroit!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Now listen up. Here's the game plan.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (on a roll)
dialog: ...I mean, my mom's got insurance.
dialog: What's the worst thing she could do?
dialog: Ground me for the entire year? I can
dialog: handle that...
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Cool, bro, now listen up...
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: ...Holy shit! I am in absolute
dialog: trouble! I never should have let you
dialog: drive, man! Absolute fuckin' trouble!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Okay, shut the fuck up, Lex! Now,
dialog: then, step number one, we find us a
dialog: scalper. I got...
dialog: (takes out KISS money
dialog: clip)
dialog: twenty-five.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Twenty-five more'n I got.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: All I got is five. The rest is in
dialog: the Volvo.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I got...
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Uh-uh. Don't tell us, Jam. Just show
dialog: us.
text: Jam holds up a ten keeping his mouth shut.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: So maybe we got enough for one ticket.
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Waitaminit, dudes! I got it! We find
dialog: four really small kids, beat the
dialog: shit outta them and steal their
dialog: tickets. What do you think?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Brilliance, Trip. Sheer brilliance.
dialog: Give Albert Einstein here the Nobel
dialog: Prize.
text: Trip smiles proudly.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: I think we should try sneaking in.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Four dudes sneaking in? We'd get
dialog: busted fer sure. Bad plan.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Okay, one of us sneaks in, gets four
text: ticket stubs off some kids in the
text: audience, comes back out, and we all
dialog: "re-enter" the concerto. Voila!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Still too risky for my money.
dialog: (looking at watch)
dialog: We're running out of time here. This
dialog: is KISS! A victory for one is a
dialog: victory for the team. I'm sure I can
dialog: barter with a scalper, but if you
dialog: dudes think you got better plans, go
dialog: for it. We'll reconvene at that
dialog: intersection...
text: Hawk points to the intersection where the church, the male
text: strip joint, the parking lot, and the Smiley Mart are located.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: ...at twenty-thirty hours.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: One more time in English.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: For the next hour and a half it's
dialog: every dude for himself. Try to get
text: at least one ticket and at 8:30 P.M.
dialog: we'll meet over there.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (inspired)
dialog: Wait! I know how we can get in!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Jam, shut-up! You're not allowed to
dialog: speak, remember? Go use whatever
dialog: femmy idea you have to get yourself
dialog: a ticket or four. I don't wanna hear
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: But... my plan involves all four of
dialog: us acting together.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: See you at 8:30, Jam. Later.
dialog: (to Lex and Trip)
dialog: Dudes? Later.
text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex split up, leaving Jam alone. He starts
text: walking in the opposite direction, passing MATMOKS. The leader
text: is still on a roll, yelling through the megaphone.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Look around you tonight, mothers!
dialog: Look at all the young faces! They
text: smile and laugh but their eyes have
dialog: lost all hope! Not one among them
dialog: appears to possess the love and fear
dialog: of God... This satanic group KISS
dialog: has stolen their souls.
text: The leader's gaze finally falls upon Jam. He lets out a GASP.
dialog: Yes, the leader is Mrs. Bruce. So this was her church meeting.
text: She freezes when she sees her son; her jaw slackens. Meanwhile
text: Jam looks stunned beyond comprehension.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Oh... dear... Lord!!
text: Mrs. Bruce quickly hands the megaphone to another MATMOK
text: member, who picks up where Mrs. Bruce left off.
text: Jam looks around for someplace to run and hide, but it's too
text: late. Mrs. Bruce slices through the crowd of KISS fans and
text: grabs Jam by the ear. He yelps.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: I don't know how you got here tonight
dialog: and I don't want to know either. All
dialog: I know is you're going to pay dearly
dialog: for this one, young man!
scene_heading: EXT. ST., SEBASTIAN'S CATHEDRAL - NIGHT
text: Mrs. Bruce tugs Jam toward the intersection we saw before.
text: They cross the street toward the corner where the Cathedral
dialog: sits.
text: Jam looks up at the cross on the steeple and GULPS with
text: trepidation.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Mom, what're we...?
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Just keep your lying, heathenous
text: trap shut, Jeremiah.
text: They climb the steps to the cathedral passing a bulletin
dialog: board reading: Thank God It's Friday Mass, 6PM-7PM.
text: PARISHIONERS exit the beautiful church, shaking hands with a
text: PRIEST as they leave.
speaker_heading: PARISHIONERS
dialog: What a wonderful mass, Father/So
dialog: inspirational, Father/Thank you.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Thank you/Come again next week.
text: Mrs. Bruce pulls Jam up to the priest.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Next mass is tomorrow morning, sister.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Can we talk, Father? I'm desperate.
dialog: My son was about to defy God by going
text: to that blasphemous KISS concert.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: In that case, come right in.
text: Meanwhile, across the street...
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE CASTLE HAMBURGER JOINT - NIGHT
text: Parked in front of the busy fast-food establishment we
text: recognize the two-toned Chevy Impala with luggage tied on
text: top. In the window we see Beth and her parents sitting at
text: one of the booths.
text: Out the window Beth looks across the street just as Jam,
text: Mrs. Bruce, and the priest enter the cathedral. Her face
dialog: drops.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Oh my God! That's Jeremiah!
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Jeremiah Bruce from school. He and
dialog: his mom just went into that church.
text: He must be in Detroit for the concert.
dialog: Can I go say good-bye to him?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Beth, I am not letting you wander
text: the streets of Detroit after dark.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I'm not going to wander. I'm just
dialog: gonna go over there.
text: Beth points to St. Sebastian's.
speaker_heading: BETH
text: He's with his mom.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Fine, as long as we know where you
dialog: are. But don't be long. We need to
dialog: be getting back on the road.
text: Beth is already out the door and halfway across the street.
text: Dad pats mom's shoulder.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: She's probably got a little crush on
dialog: that boy.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. SEBASTIAN'S CATHEDRAL - NIGHT
text: Beth runs up to the cathedral and sneaks in.
scene_heading: EXT. IT'S RAINING MEN STRIP JOINT - NIGHT
text: Hawk walks down the sidewalk badgering everyone passing by
dialog: for a ticket, getting the same stock answer: "Suffer, dude!"
text: He stops and sits on a curb, lighting a cigarette. Behind
text: him stands the marquee for IT'S RAINING MEN, the male strip
text: joint. A DISCO SONG comes from inside. Just when it looks
text: like Hawk's given up, a VOICE is heard above.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey, chief? Need a ticket?
text: Hawk can't believe his ears. He looks up at a greasy-looking
text: hybrid, part porn star, part used car salesman, the SCALPER.
speaker_heading: SCALPER
text: Second row center, seventy-five clams.
text: Trying to act confident, Hawk takes out his money clip showing
dialog: the scalper twenty-five dollars.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Dude, this is all I got.
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: Sorry, man, no can do. But I'll be
dialog: here for a while if you scare up the
dialog: extra gravy.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Where the hell am I gonna scare up
dialog: that kinda gravy in one hour?
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: The easy way.
text: The scalper points over his shoulder and Hawk turns to see
text: three GIGGLING WOMEN exiting the strip joint. None are under
dialog: forty.
text: A sign below the bar's logo reads: Amateur Night Giveaway!
dialog: Guys Over 18 Only! Bare It All And Win 75 Bucks!
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: You look a little scrawny, but it's
dialog: worth a shot.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: I can't just walk in and take my
text: clothes off. It's embarrasskin.
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: Guess you don't want to see the
dialog: greatest show on earth. And in Detroit
dialog: no less. Well, take care, chief.
text: The scalper turns and Hawk grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Dude, if it were dancing the way
dialog: Fred Astaire did it, I'd give it my
dialog: best shot. I'd learn the steps and
dialog: practice in my spare time. But this...
dialog: tribal, ritualistic bullshit, it's
dialog: way-too-spontaneous for me.
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: Yeah, you're probably too young
dialog: anyhow.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Hey, I invented fake I.D.s, alright.
dialog: That's not the problem... They're
dialog: playing disco music in there, man.
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: Chief, here's a little secret. Drink
dialog: heavily, your feet will know what to
dialog: do. Now shit or get off the pot. Do
dialog: you wanna dance or do you wanna see
dialog: KISS only on their album covers?
text: Hawk gets a look of resolve on his face.
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: You sure you'll have a ticket for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: You have my solemn oath as a public
dialog: servant.
text: Hawk turns and walks up to the door, hesitating before opening
text: it. Rummaging through his pockets, he pulls out a handful of
dialog: expired driver's licenses.
text: Choosing the one he thinks best suits himself, he walks in
text: with trepidation. The scalper sees someone else coming up.
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: Hey, chief, you need a ticket? Second
text: row center, seventy-five clams.
dialog: It's Trip.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: No thanks, dude. I'm beating my ticket
text: out of some poor, defenseless chump.
text: Trip exits FRAME.
speaker_heading: SCALPER
dialog: What's happening to kids today?
scene_heading: INT. IT'S RAINING MEN STRIP JOINT - NIGHT
dialog: Hawk enters your average, everyday, male strip joint. A crowd
text: of LUSTY WOMEN cheer on a STRIPPER IN A FIREMAN'S SUIT. He
text: dances on a lighted, tile stage under a spinning, mirror
dialog: ball.
text: Hawk shows the MAN AT THE DOOR his fake license and the man
text: nods him in. He approaches the bar in the early stages of
text: being very intimidated.
text: The BARTENDER, a man dressed only in tight, black, tuxedo
text: pants, shirt cuffs, and a tie, comes up to Hawk.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (voice cracking)
dialog: Like to sign up for the contest.
text: The bartender gives Hawk the once over.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You're a little scrawny, but thanks
dialog: to the concert we're low on amateurs.
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Hawk.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Pick a song, Hawk.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Got any KISS?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You kidding? This is Detroit. Drink?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Yeah, a man's drink...
text: Hawk squints at a name tag on the bartender's tie.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: ...Dickey.
text: Dickey goes to the bottle rack on the other side of the bar.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I'm gonna need all the help I can
dialog: get tonight.
text: Dickey returns with the drink and Hawk pulls out his money
dialog: clip.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (looking at the drink)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You mean you never seen a Jack Daniels
dialog: on the rocks before?
text: Hawk looks at the unfamiliar drink again trying to play it
dialog: cool.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Sure, I have. But not one with ice
dialog: in it, that's all.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (seeing money clip)
dialog: Save your money, stud muffin. The
text: lady at the end of the bar sends her
dialog: love.
text: Dickey points to a WOMAN sitting at the end of the bar. Mature
text: and sexy. She's a knock-out. Every teenage boy's fantasy.
text: Hawk's eyes pop at this "Mrs. Robinson" before him.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Whoa... she is a killer.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
text: Amanda Finch. Her ex is one of the
dialog: wealthiest businessmen in Detroit.
dialog: Play your cards right and you could
dialog: hit paydirt. She like 'em young.
dialog: (leaning in)
dialog: And since you look a little new at
dialog: this, let me give you three words of
dialog: advice. Hard to get. Think it, act
dialog: it, know it, be it. Nothing a woman
dialog: loves more than when you beat her at
text: her own head games.
text: Dicky pats Hawk's shoulder and leaves. Hawk looks away from
text: Amanda and scans the room. He glances back at Amanda. She's
text: still gazing at him the way queens of yore must have eyed
text: particularly cute knights. She winks and toasts Hawk.
text: Hawk raises his glass smiling nervously. They both sip at
text: their drinks. She licks her lips suggestively at him. And,
text: Hawk proceeds to COUGH up his mouthful of Jack Daniels,
text: SPRAYING it all over the bar.
scene_heading: SMILEY MART / HAULING BASS
scene_heading: EXT. SMILEY MART - NIGHT
dialog: Your typical 70's convenient store. Out front two SIX YEAR
text: OLDS in Star Wars tee-shirts play tug-o-war with a Stretch
dialog: Armstrong doll.
text: Trip stomps over grabbing them by their mini shirts. When he
dialog: tries to act tough, it's pathetic. Even six year olds aren't
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Hey, you little twerps, gimme your
dialog: KISS tickets or I'll pop your fuckin'
text: faces in.
speaker_heading: SIX YEAR OLD #1
dialog: We don't have any KISS tickets.
speaker_heading: SIX YEAR OLD #2
dialog: Yeah, KISS sucks!
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: I oughta kick your asses for sayin'
dialog: that.
text: He grabs the Stretch Armstrong and stuffs it in his pocket.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: But I'm in a hurry so I'll just take
dialog: this instead. Now scram.
text: The kids run away.
scene_heading: INT. SMILEY MART - NIGHT
text: The store is crawling with KISS FANS, some reading the comic
text: books, others playing pinball against a far wall, still others
text: looking at the poster section. Trip enters on a mission.
text: He looks around catching the eye of a pretty CASHIER. She's
text: a rocker, wearing a Who tee-shirt, a mood ring, and just a
text: little too much make-up. She smiles at him. Trip returns the
text: smile with a feeble wave. Her mood ring turns from blue to
dialog: pink.
text: Concentrating on the layout of the store, Trip peers all the
text: way to the back to a darkened corner... where he spies a
text: LITTLE KID wearing a KISS tee-shirt playing a KISS pinball
dialog: machine.
text: Trip smiles. The eagle has spotted a fuzzy, little bunny. He
text: moves in for the kill, walking past a crowd of kids at the
text: magazine rack, past the Hostess aisle, past the dairy cooler
text: and into the darkened corner.
text: He stands behind the little kid, relishing this moment. The
dialog: kid is actually pretty good. We also see now the little kid
text: has his face painted like Ace Frehley.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Hey, little kid.
text: Suddenly distracted, the kid loses the ball.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Shit! You just skunked my last ball,
dialog: you...
text: Trip clamps a hand over the little kid's mouth.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Okay, booger, your KISS ticket or
dialog: your life.
text: The little kid says something but Trip's hand muffles his
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Hunh?
dialog: The kid says what he said before, but it is utterly
text: incomprehensible, once again thanks to Trip's hand.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (looking at his hand)
dialog: Oh. Okay... But scream and you'll
dialog: never live to see puberty. I'll pop
dialog: your fuckin' face in.
text: Trip pulls his hand away.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Please sir, don't beat me up. I do
dialog: have a KISS ticket, but not on me.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: A likely story. Hand it over, kid.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: (bottom lip quivering)
dialog: No really. My brother's hanging onto
dialog: it for safe keeping. Please, let me
dialog: get him for you.
text: The kid turns and yells into the store before Trip can stop
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Hey, Chongo!
text: A titanic guy at the comic book rack looks up from his issue
text: of "Thing" when he hears his name. CHONGO has a very low
text: forehead and the expression of an angry bull plastered onto
text: his face.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (getting scared)
dialog: Hey, kid, that's okay. I don't wanna
dialog: see KISS that ba...
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Don't try to run, maggot. Chongo's
dialog: an all-state track star in every
dialog: event.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: (gleefully)
dialog: A tag on your toe. Nobody threatens
dialog: me and lives.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Look, you can have my wallet...
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: It's not nearly enough, punk.
text: Chongo is getting ever-closer with his tree trunk legs, his
text: barrel chest and hydraulic biceps. He is joined by TWO BUDS.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Besides, I was gonna take your wallet
text: anyway. After Chongo and his friends
dialog: crush your ribcage like a pack of
dialog: Luckys.
text: Chongo arrives eyeing Trip with distaste. Trip goes white.
speaker_heading: CHONGO
dialog: This fairy givin' you shit, bro?
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: He was gonna mug me for my KISS
dialog: ticket.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Me? Mug? That's nuts. I said, do you
dialog: know where I can take a piss.
text: Chongo and his two buds laugh. Then, without a second of
text: warning, Chongo belts Trip in the gut. Trip doubles over and
text: falls breathlessly to his knees.
speaker_heading: CHONGO
dialog: Okay, pimple dick, you've got the
dialog: option of walking outside with us or
dialog: gettin' dragged out. Either way you're
dialog: comin' with us.
text: Trip catches his breath.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Please, sir, don't kick my ass! I'll
dialog: do anything to get out of a beating!
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Say, Chongo, perhaps we could use
dialog: some extra cash for tasty snacks at
dialog: the KISS concert our weasly friend
dialog: won't be attending.
text: Chongo scratches his head.
speaker_heading: CHONGO
dialog: How much cash do you figure?
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Take five for a minute, Chongo. Let
dialog: me do the math.
text: The little kid taps his finger on his chin and the theme
text: from "JEOPARDY" begins. While the kid thinks, Trip looks
text: nervously up at Chongo and his buds. Chongo reaches into his
text: denim vest pocket and we hear a CRINKLING NOISE. He comes
text: back up with two walnuts, putting them between his bicep and
dialog: forearm.
text: Trip watches in horror as Chongo makes a muscle and the
text: walnuts are shelled between two walls of iron-hard flesh.
text: CREEEAAAACK! Chongo eats the walnuts, shells and all.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: The full-to-capacity parking lot is patrolled by a couple of
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARDS.
text: Lex cautiously makes his way to the edge of the parking lot
text: and looks at the back side of Cobo Hall just beyond the chain
text: link fence that surrounds the lot.
text: He crouches down and walks between two cars parked against
text: the fence, looking both ways. Seeing a guard's flashlight
text: beam, he sits stock still until the beam sweeps past, then
dialog: SIGHS eased.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (whispering to self)
dialog: I can't believe I'm actually
dialog: entertaining the notion of sneaking
dialog: in. I oughta have my cranium examined.
text: Lex finds a vertical break in the chain link. He lays on his
text: back, slides through, then stands on the other side of the
text: fence. He's at the edge of a weedy, littery field that also
text: happens to be poorly lit.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Whoa. Danger Will Robinson.
text: Spooked, he lays down again intending to slide back through
text: when a flashlight beam hits his eyes.
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: Hey you! Get back in here!
text: Lex sees the guard standing about fifty feet away on the
text: other side of the fence. Panicking, he bolts deeper into the
dialog: field.
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: You're not getting far, kid!
text: Lex double-times it as we hear the guard yelling into his
text: walkie-talkie.
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: We got one just ran into the field
dialog: from the north lot!
text: The field gets darker as Lex closes in on Cobo Hall's well-
text: lit loading dock, where ROADIES empty the remaining bits of
text: KISS's monstrous set from an 18-wheeler. Other huge trucks
text: are parked nearby. There's a bustle of last minute activity.
scene_heading: EXT. LOADING DOCK - NIGHT
text: Lex scurries from giant speaker box to a stack of lights to
text: huge trunks, keeping well hidden. He dodges roadies and avoids
text: being seen by OTHER GUARDS.
text: He slithers along side the 18-wheeler and nears the loading
text: bay. Up ahead some auxiliary speakers, drum kits, and
text: scaffolding wait their turn to be carried into the building.
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: There he is!
text: Lex spins. The security guard, flanked by two others, barrel
dialog: right for him.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Shit!
text: He dives rolls under the 18-wheeler. The three security guards
text: leap for the pavement and crawl under the semi after him.
text: ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SEMI
text: The three guards scramble to their feet and grab a SCRAWNY
text: BODY. They spin him around roughly.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Alright, wiseguy, you are so outta
dialog: here!
text: They suddenly realize they've got the wrong man. It's a
dialog: roadie.
speaker_heading: ROADIE
dialog: Hey, what the fuck?
text: The roadie holds up his all-access laminate angrily.
speaker_heading: ROADIE
dialog: Keep your paws to yourself, ya dumb
dialog: fuckin' apes.
text: The security guards look around frantically for Lex as other
text: roadies join in to defend their comrade.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Where'd he go? You see him?
text: No one pays attention as a bass drum is carried past the
text: guards and up the loading dock ramp. They don't notice Lex
text: crammed inside contorted into a shape befitting a yoga master.
text: Praying he won't be spotted, Lex holds his breath as he's
text: carried into the building and disappears.
scene_heading: JAM IN A JAM / KISS THIS
scene_heading: INT. ST. SEBASTIAN'S CATHEDRAL - NIGHT
text: Jam sits in the front pew, head buried in his hands as Mrs.
text: Bruce and the priest talk on the alter.
text: Beth moves quietly in the back, unseen and unheard. She looks
text: overwhelmed by the architecture, the detail on the stained
text: glass windows, the icons carved into the columns that support
text: the extravagantly decorated ceiling.
text: The priest catches a glimpse of Beth meandering in the back.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Uh, next mass isn't until tomorrow
dialog: morning, young lady. Run along now.
text: Beth smiles nervously and heads back toward the front door
text: passing a confessional booth. She throws a glance back at
text: the priest and Mrs. Bruce who have returned to conferring,
text: their backs to her. She stealthily ducks into the booth.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Now it's been a while since my boy
dialog: had holy confession. Could you...?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Consider it done.
text: Mrs. Bruce looks down at Jam and sees his drumsticks poking
text: out of his socks. She immediately takes them out and stuffs
text: them into her jacket. Jam doesn't even move.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: It's about time you gave up on that
dialog: stupid dream once and for all. No
dialog: son of mine is going to be a career
dialog: musician.
text: Jam is stung. Mrs. Bruce and the priest head back down the
text: center aisle exiting through the gigantic front doors. She
dialog: eyes Jam.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Thank you, Father. I'll be back for
dialog: him before you know it; after I take
dialog: care of some unfinished business.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Just knock loudly, sister.
text: He lets her out and locks the door, leaving the keys in the
text: lock, and walks over to Jam.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Come along, son. Get into the booth.
text: He helps the despondent Jam up. They walk to the booth and
text: Jam reluctantly gets inside.
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Jam kneels on the board and a mere two feet behind him, Beth
text: sits on a bench shrouded in darkness. Her posture is that of
text: someone with a crate of nitroglycerine on her lap.
text: We hear the SHUFFLING noise of the priest getting into his
text: own compartment next door. A moment later the small, eye-
text: level door SLIDES open. The priest's face is barely visible
text: on the other side of the thick screen, but he's there.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.
dialog: This is my first confession in...
dialog: well... a really long time.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Prepare to receive the Act of Penance.
dialog: How many sins have you committed
dialog: since your last confession?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Just one, Father, but boy was it a
dialog: doozy.
text: Beth leans forward slightly and listens to Jam's confession.
scene_heading: INT. IT'S RAINING MEN STRIP JOINT - NIGHT
text: Hawk's at a bar stool gulping sloppily and woozily from a
text: rocks glass. Four more empty rocks glasses sit in front of
text: him. He stares at the sexy woman who smiles back, blowing
text: him kisses from the other side of the bar.
text: The EMCEE enters the stage.
speaker_heading: EMCEE
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: Okay, ladies, hang onto your hormones.
dialog: Here comes our next amateur. Let's
dialog: have a big hand for Hawk!
text: The beginning of a rockin' KISS tune comes over the P.A. and
text: Dicky approaches Hawk.
speaker_heading: EMCEE
dialog: You're up, Hawk.
text: Hawk wakes up fast. There's nothing more sobering than having
dialog: to undress in public.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Oh, Dicky, I c-c-can't...
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You're not gonna chicken out on me
dialog: now, are you? We've got your KISS
text: song playing and everything.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: I-I c-can't...
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (leans in close)
dialog: Look, people undress in public
dialog: because, A, they're exhibitionists,
dialog: B, they're nutcases, or C, they need
dialog: the money. I can tell you're not A,
dialog: and I hope to hell you're not B. So
dialog: my suggestion is, think about why
dialog: you're a C and let your body party,
dialog: shake your groove thing, boogie oogie
dialog: oogie till you just can't boogie no
dialog: more.
text: Hawk thinks about it, then downs the rest of his drink. He
text: grimaces at it's taste, then opens his eyes with new resolve.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: You're right, Dicky. I gotta do it
dialog: for KISS. Gotta put a bag over its
dialog: head and
dialog: (hiccup)
dialog: Do it for KISS.
text: Hawk swivels his bar stool to the right and gets off,
text: forgetting to stand when his feet hit the floor. He proceeds
text: to fall flat on his face. Dicky looks down concerned, but
text: Hawk stands with a little difficulty and heads for the stage.
text: The crowd of women parts down the middle for him and checks
text: him out as he walks by. They seem to like what they see.
text: Hawk looks nervously at the carnivorous faces leering at his
dialog: package first, his ass after. What the hell is he doing?
text: Hawk reluctantly climbs onto the stage and the gals start
text: CLAPPING to the song. He faces them and starts gyrating his
text: drunken hips at them, feeling no confidence whatsoever,
dialog: until...
text: The CHEERS start to ECHO and the pulsing lights begin to
text: hurt his eyes. Hawk watches the world proceed to spin faster
text: than the disco ball above his head.
text: He stops gyrating and clutches his stomach. BELCHING. Uh-oh.
text: Hawk spots an almost-empty beer pitcher one of the CHEERING-
text: IN-SLOW-MOTION women holds above her head. He runs up to the
text: edge of the stage, grabs the pitcher, and PUKES.
text: The cheering and music come to a grinding halt. You can hear
text: a pin drop as Hawk yacks his guts out into the beer pitcher.
text: It goes on for an excruciatingly long time, then finally
dialog: stops.
text: Hawk looks up at the hundreds of astonished eyes staring at
text: him. He wipes his mouth, then a look of ease washes over his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Wow. I feel a hundred times better!
text: He hands the vomit-filled pitcher back to the shocked woman.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Thanks lady.
text: He looks over at the emcee, who gazes at Hawk from the DJ
dialog: booth.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Maestro? As you were.
text: The emcee stands perfectly still, jaw agape.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Come on, dude, we got a bunch of
text: frisky felines waiting for some
dialog: entertainment! The show must go on!
text: Hawk starts gyrating even though the music is still off. The
text: emcee shrugs, re-cuing the song. It starts again as Hawk
text: faces the crowd, dancing with new-found bravado.
text: The women come out of their dumbstruck comas and reluctantly
dialog: start CLAPPING again.
text: Hawk pulls off his jacket and twirls it over his head Roger
text: Daltry style. Then he pulls it back down and tosses it into
text: the crowd. The women actually fight over it.
text: Encouraged, Hawk then peels off his KISS Army tee-shirt and
text: hurls it at the women, who SQUEAL with delight. Sure, he may
dialog: be scrawny, but they don't mind. This lad's got personality.
text: Adrenaline pumping, confidence building, Hawk starts playing
text: the crowd of very responsive ladies.
text: He unbuttons his jeans first. Then, leaving them on, he does
text: an "air guitar" medley: Chuck Berry, ZZ Top, Angus Young
text: from AC/DC, and Elvis Costello in six easy steps.
text: Hawk finishes off with a Pete Townshend windmill, shaking
text: his ass at his audience in mid-strum, then licks his finger
text: and touches one of his cheeks: "hot stuff" (he does this in
dialog: a manly way of course).
text: Then Hawk pauses to adjust what looks to be his underwear
text: bunching up in his crack.
dialog: The women WHOO-HOO.
text: He segues into a Mick Jagger rooster strut and the ladies go
text: ga-ga. He makes the sign of the horns with each hand and
text: wiggles a protruding tongue like Gene Simmons. The gals scream
dialog: in orgastic joy.
text: Then, Hawk goes for the gold. Yes, he does the Fonzie dance!
text: The women are now overcome by sheer animal lust. Hawk's
text: whipped his audience into a frenzied pack of bitches in heat.
text: Amanda smirks and sucks from her little drink straw
text: suggestively.
text: At long last Hawk figures he has to give them what they want.
text: He puts his fingers to his fly, pauses, then unzips. His
text: Brittanias fall to his ankles, revealing a pair of bony legs
text: sticking down from some KISS boxer shorts. The ladies go
dialog: batty.
text: Unfortunately Hawk has neglected a cardinal rule of disrobing.
dialog: Never pull your pants down without taking your shoes off
text: first. He tries to kick off his shoes. The left one goes
text: flying across the bar and THWACK, beans a MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
text: in the face. She flies backwards over a chair.
text: Trying to kick the other shoe off, Hawk loses his balance
text: and falls backwards, hitting his head on the edge of the
dialog: bar.
scene_heading: DRUM ROLL / NEGOTIATION
scene_heading: INT. SMILEY MART - NIGHT
text: Trip looks at the little kid, Chongo, and the two buds in
dialog: fear.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Two hundred bucks?
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: You heard me, nad breath. My time's
dialog: precious and I think that's a
dialog: reasonable price to pay for your
dialog: sorry life.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Look, I want to live, but I don't
dialog: know where the fuck I'm gonna find
dialog: two hundred bucks.
text: The little kid shakes his head in disgust.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Chongo? Take him outside and tear
text: his ass out through his mouth.
text: Chongo advances, muscles flexing.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Hold on! I know how I can get the
dialog: money! I just figured it out! Only
dialog: you might wanna wait outside.
text: The little kid and Chongo look at each other.
speaker_heading: CHONGO
dialog: I don't trust him.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: I think he's on the level. He's too
dialog: stupid to try anything sneaky anyway.
dialog: Look at him, he's a moron.
text: They look back at Trip.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: You got fifteen minutes and not a
dialog: second longer. We have a concert to
dialog: go to. See you outside.
text: Trip nods sullenly as the kid, Chongo, and the two buds exit.
text: Then he checks to make sure Stretch Armstrong is still with
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. BASS DRUM - NIGHT
text: Lex is twisted like a pretzel as he's carted into the bowels
text: of Cobo Hall. He tries to keep calm, but it's not in his
dialog: nature.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Keep it together, Lex. Anything worth
dialog: fighting for is worth dying for.
scene_heading: INT. COBO HALL/RECEIVING AREA - NIGHT
text: ROADIES and TECHIES run in all directions as last minute
text: preparations are being attended to.
text: Two roadies carry the base drum down a long ramp unaware
text: that Lex is hidden inside.
speaker_heading: ROADIE #2
dialog: Boy, this one's heavy.
text: Suddenly, Roadie #2 snags his foot on a mess of cable and
text: loses his balance, dropping the oversized drum. In an instant
text: the drum goes rolling down the ramp quickly gaining speed.
speaker_heading: ROADIE #2
dialog: Shit!
text: The roadies bolt after the runaway drum. Other workers scurry
text: out of the way to avoid being hit by the speeding instrument.
scene_heading: INT. BASS DRUM - NIGHT
text: Lex spins like in a dryer on speed.
speaker_heading: LEX
speaker_heading: WHOOOOAAA!
scene_heading: INT. COBO HALL/RECEIVING AREA - NIGHT
text: More techies jump out of the way as the wayward drum heads
text: right for a closed set of double doors. The roadies are just
text: about to grab it before impact, when...
text: The door unexpectedly swings open. The FOXY GROUPIES on the
text: other side scream at the sight of the careening drum heading
dialog: straight for them.
speaker_heading: ROADIE #2
dialog: Close that door!
text: Too late. The groupies jump away as the drum flies through
text: the open door and down a flight of stairs.
scene_heading: INT. COBO HALL STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: The drum bounces down the zigzag stairway violently. Lex's
text: GRUNTS of pain can be heard from inside.
speaker_heading: AT THE BOTTOM
text: The big drum hits the landing hard, tips over, then spins
text: like a quarter getting faster before it stops.
speaker_heading: ON THE ROADIES
text: They barrel down the stairs two at a time. Finally reaching
text: the bottom, they grab the drum.
speaker_heading: ROADIE #2
dialog: Peter's gonna kill us.
text: As they carry the drum back up the stairs, we see it is now
text: empty. Once the roadies are gone, CAMERA TILTS UP to the
text: ceiling. There's Lex clutching exposed pipes for dear life,
text: hanging upside down, praying the coast is clear.
scene_heading: BETH'S CONFESSION / COMPENSATORY POSSIBILITIES
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL - NIGHT
text: Jam is at the end of his confession. The priest is still
text: listening on the other side of the screen. Beth sits in the
text: shadows behind Jam.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: So, you see if it wasn't for me, me
dialog: and my friends would be at that KISS
dialog: concert right now... together.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Well, this is a unique confession to
dialog: say the least, son. And not exactly
dialog: the most interesting one I've ever
dialog: heard either. You sure you don't
dialog: want to talk about... oh, carnal
dialog: knowledge with a neighborhood girl
dialog: or impure thoughts about the new
dialog: student teacher maybe... or how about
text: finding a box of magazines under
dialog: your dad's bed?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Well then, I suggest you have a seat
dialog: on the bench behind you and think of
dialog: something a little juicier to confess
dialog: than losing KISS tickets. I realize
dialog: this is Detroit, but I personally
dialog: find, what that rock and roll band
dialog: is all about, to be boring as
dialog: Lucifer's kingdom. I'll return in a
dialog: little while.
text: The priest SLIDES the door shut again. Jam is all but shrouded
text: in darkness, but can make out the time on his watch. It's
text: getting late. He resignedly sits on the bench behind him...
text: right on Beth's lap.
text: Jam yells, but Beth throws her hand over his mouth. His eyes
text: bulge. He can't believe what he's seeing. He climbs off Beth
text: and sits next to her.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Beth? I can't believe it.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Believe it.
text: Jam thinks for a beat. Something still isn't quite clicking.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Are you waiting for confession? I
dialog: thought you were Jewish?
text: BETH can hardly speak. She gulps thinking of what to say.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I have a confession. Here it is.
text: Beth gives him the biggest, wettest, sloppiest kiss in
text: recorded history. She pulls away finally wiping her mouth.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I didn't mean for that to be so...
dialog: intense. Forgive me.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I don't care. I wanna hear more.
text: She lunges at him again, kissing him for dear life. Her lips
text: leave his and begin to explore his chin, neck, ear.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I've loved you ever since I first
dialog: laid eyes on you, Jeremiah. I've
dialog: just always been too scared to show
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Beth, I can't believe you just said
dialog: that because that's exactly how I've
dialog: always felt about you... Call me
dialog: Jam. It's my band name.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You don't know how long I've been
dialog: waiting to hear that... Jam!
text: He kisses her neck. Unable to stop, they start undressing
text: each other, both breathing heavy.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: We've got to take this slow...
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Right, slow...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Oh, screw it!
text: She tears his tee-shirt open with her teeth.
scene_heading: INT. IT'S RAINING MEN STRIP JOINT - NIGHT
text: A really buff STRIPPER dressed as a construction worker is
text: on stage with about ten others who stand in the background.
text: The emcee's hand hovers above the stripper's head.
speaker_heading: EMCEE
dialog: Okay, ladies, it's down to... Troy
dialog: the Human Jackhammer...
dialog: The women APPLAUD as we...
text: FOLLOW the emcee's hand to Hawk who holds an ice pack on the
text: side of his head.
speaker_heading: EMCEE
dialog: ...and Mr. Massive Head Wound
text: Accompanied by an Upset Stomach-Hawk!
text: The women APPLAUD but not quite as loud.
speaker_heading: EMCEE
dialog: No contest. The grand prize of seventy-
dialog: five dollars goes to Troy the Human
dialog: Jackhammer!
text: The women cheer and a DISCO SONG starts as Troy does a reprise
text: of his act. Hawk walks away from the stage with the rest of
text: the rejected strippers, looking the way he feels: pretty
text: damn stupid. He puts on his pants, trying to walk at the
text: same time and falls to his knees.
text: A helpful hand grabs him under the arm and helps him up.
text: It's Amanda looking lustier than ever.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Thanks, miss.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You're too kind. I'm Amanda.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Right, well, thanks for the drinks
dialog: and stuff, Amanda, but there's no
dialog: reason for me to stick around these
dialog: parts anymore.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Don't be so glum, Hawk. The night's
text: still young and filled with plenty
dialog: of compensatory possibilities.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'd be in a position to spend some
dialog: money on you if you'd get in a
dialog: position and spend some time on me.
speaker_heading: Hawk GULPS.
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Jam and Beth lay buck naked, tightly wrapped around each
text: other in the heat of passion on the confessional booth floor.
text: They kiss, sweat, and PANT heavily.
text: Suddenly, the sliding door to the priest's booth opens. Jam
text: and Beth freeze.
speaker_heading: PRIEST'S VOICE
dialog: Where are you, son?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Uhh, tying my shoe.
speaker_heading: PRIEST'S VOICE
dialog: Oh. So, have you thought of a colorful
dialog: confession yet?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Actually, yes. Last year I walked
text: out of a candy store with a Reggie
dialog: Bar I hadn't paid for, but went back
dialog: and apologized the next day.
speaker_heading: PRIEST'S VOICE
dialog: Boooring. Think, boy, think!
text: We hear the door SLIDE shut again as Beth and Jam pick up
dialog: where they left off.
speaker_heading: HOLD UP
scene_heading: INT. SMILEY MART - NIGHT
text: Trip leafs through a KISS comic, not really paying attention
text: to it. Directly behind him is the register and the CASHIER.
text: He starts hearing voices in his head. We see SUPERS of his
text: friends' faces hovering around him.
speaker_heading: LEX'S VOICE
dialog: I can't believe you're even thinking
dialog: of committing a robbery, Trip. You
dialog: don't pass go and collect 200 dollars
dialog: for pulling stuff like this.
speaker_heading: HAWK'S VOICE
dialog: No shit, dude, is this really worth
dialog: it? Sure you get your ass kicked
dialog: nine ways to Sunday by that fucking
dialog: gorilla, but it's still a hundred
dialog: times better than getting it porked
dialog: for the next three to five.
text: Trip sends brief, agitated glances around the store meeting
text: the cashier's eyes again. She smiles at him coyly as she
text: plays with her mood ring. He gives her the eye, then returns
text: to his comic.
speaker_heading: JAM'S VOICE
dialog: And what about that girl, Trip? She'll
dialog: never forget this night. Even if you
dialog: get away with it, she'll be scarred
dialog: for life. When are you gonna realize
dialog: sometimes being tough means being
dialog: tender.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (to the other voices)
dialog: Alright, everybody, SHUT UP!
text: Trip snaps out of it. All the shoppers and cashier are
text: starring at him. He COUGHS loudly, clearing his throat to
text: cover his outburst. The shoppers go back to shopping.
text: A MAN WITH A LONG COAT enters the store, looks around, then
text: takes a spot alongside Trip and opens a Mad Magazine.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (whispering to himself)
dialog: Okay, bro. You gonna have to do this
dialog: sometime. Might as well be now.
text: Trip puts a hand in his pocket and takes one last look at
text: Stretch Armstrong before stuffing the action figure back in
text: so it looks like he's got a gun. He takes three deep breaths
text: and discreetly pulls his knit cap down over his eyes,
text: revealing it actually as a semi-ski mask that covers the top
text: half of his face.
text: Just then, the man with the coat puts the magazine back and
text: pulls something over his own head.
text: Trip whirls around pointing Stretch-in-his-pocket at the
dialog: cashier...
text: Just as the man in the coat, now masked with a stocking,
text: pulls the biggest shotgun ever made from under his coat,
text: pointing it at the cashier as well. The cashier shrieks. So
dialog: does Trip.
speaker_heading: MAN WITH COAT
dialog: Evening, honey. Y'know what I am,
dialog: what this is, and what you have to
dialog: do, so do it quick.
dialog: (to shoppers, Trip
dialog: included)
dialog: The rest of you kindly introduce
dialog: yourselves to the floor and kiss it
dialog: hello.
text: His thunder now stolen, Trip drops to the floor along with
text: everyone else. The air is very tense. The cashier starts
text: SOBBING, keeping her hands in the air.
speaker_heading: MAN WITH COAT
dialog: (to cashier)
dialog: Do or die, bitch! Next time I let
text: the barrels do the talking.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: P-p-please, mister, I'm just a high
dialog: school kid...
text: Man with the coat COCKS the chamber and the cashier
text: immediately opens the register drawer and starts emptying
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MAN WITH COAT
dialog: Fuck school, that's what I say! I
dialog: just went through the motions till I
dialog: was old enough to drop out and I'm
dialog: leaving here with at least two fifty
dialog: the easy way. Look where all that
dialog: studying's gonna get you tonight.
text: Robbed at gunpoint and possibly shot
dialog: in the fucking head... for minimum
dialog: wage!
text: The man with the coat's laughter ECHOES in Trip's head till
dialog: he just can't take it anymore.
speaker_heading: ON THE CASHIER
text: She suddenly shoots a surprise glance over the man with the
text: coat's shoulder.
text: Seeing this, the man spins around. There's Trip behind him.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Alright, drop it or I'll kick your
dialog: ass!
text: Astounded by Trip's audacity, the man with the coat turns
text: his shotgun point-blank at Trip.
speaker_heading: MAN WITH COAT
dialog: Oh, yeah! You and what army?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (gulps)
dialog: The KISS Army!
scene_heading: CRASHING BACKSTAGE
scene_heading: INT. COBO HALL/BACKSTAGE - NIGHT
dialog: Your wildest fantasy of a rock show's backstage area come
text: true. The place is packed with "beautiful" people. Scantily-
text: clad BABES everywhere. Slick, RECORD BIZ-TYPES. Lots of food.
text: Lots of booze. Lots of fun. It's backstage at a KISS concert,
dialog: come on!
text: CAMERA TILTS UP above the partying hordes to find Lex shimming
text: along an exposed duct amid the pipes, sprinklers, and vents.
text: Looking straight down on everybody, Lex is in awe and
dialog: disbelief.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: This is real. This is not a dream!
dialog: This is real! I've pierced the inner
dialog: circle!
text: He takes the opportunity to peer down some BIG BUSTED GIRL'S
text: cleavage. Then his eye spots something else. He GASPS. A
text: door. On it a star. Written on the star, the word, KISS.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Oh, God, they're in there!
text: A big-haired HIPSTER in mirrored sunglasses KNOCKS on the
text: dressing room door. It opens, but Lex can't see inside. The
text: hipster stands in the doorway talking to whoever is there.
text: Lex cranes his neck to see around the door jamb. Desperate
text: for a glimpse of his idols, he leans out too far.
text: Suddenly, the entire duct collapses. Breaking loose of the
text: ceiling, Lex hurls to the floor clutching the duct. Backstage
text: goers leap for cover as SMASH... he hits the ground in a
text: shower of plaster and dust.
text: The hipster protectively pulls the dressing room door shut
text: as two SECURITY MEN jump in front of it.
text: Instantly, huge, burly hands come down on Lex's shoulders.
text: Before he can react, a slew of OFFICERS have him off his
text: feet and carry him away, a stunned expression frozen to his
dialog: face.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND COBO HALL - NIGHT
text: Lex is thrown into a heaping garbage dumpster by the scruff
text: of his neck. The security officers laugh and pat themselves
text: on the back as they hurry back in.
text: Lex peeks out the lid. The alley is dark and spooky. He jumps
text: out of the trash and comes face to face with the biggest
text: GERMAN SHEPHERD that has ever lived. Its teeth are bared and
text: its black, wolf-like body is coiled, ready to spring.
speaker_heading: GRRRRRRR!
text: Lex jumps backward hitting the dumpster. A GROWLING PITBULL
text: walks out from the shadows and joins the Shepherd.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (petrified)
dialog: Dogs! Why did it have to be dogs!
text: Then, a GROWLING DOBERMAN with a spiked collar emerges from
text: the darkness on the other side of the alley, its solid,
text: muscular form making the brick building nearby look like
dialog: jello.
text: Lex starts SLAPPING himself on the face.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Wake up, Lex! Wake up, man! This
dialog: part's gotta be a nightmare!
text: No luck. He stops, when several other DOGS emerge from the
text: shadows and gather behind the first three. These new mutts
text: immediately join in the GROWLING chorale. The Shepherd snaps
dialog: at Lex.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (to the heavens)
dialog: God, if you ever get me outta this,
dialog: I swear I will never masturbate again!
text: The pack BARKS even louder.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (to heaven again)
dialog: I REALLY MEAN IT THIS TIME!
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Beth lays in Jam's arms on the floor. They might as well be
text: the only two people on the face of the earth. They whisper.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: So. Is it true that Gene Simmons had
text: a cow's tongue grafted onto his real
dialog: one? Y'know, to make it so long?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I dunno. I think he had the piece of
text: skin under his tongue removed so he
dialog: could stick it out farther. I'm not
dialog: too up on Gene trivia.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Your man is the drummer, Peter Criss,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Peter Criss is my inspiration, man.
dialog: If I paid a hundred bucks for a KISS
dialog: show and all I saw was his solo, I'd
dialog: consider it... money... Hey, how'd
dialog: you know that?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I have all your notebook doodles
dialog: memorized, Jam... Here.
text: She opens her backpack and pulls out a package addressed to
text: Jam. The return address reads: Beth Bumsteen, Somewhere in
dialog: Ann Arbor.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Ann Arbor?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: My dad's company is relocating him.
dialog: We're moving. That's why I was acting
dialog: so freaky in school today. I thought
dialog: it was the last time I'd ever see
dialog: you. Anyway, open the box. I would
dialog: have given it to you this morning,
dialog: except... like I said, I was freaking
dialog: out.
text: Jam opens the box and his jaw drops. It's a black tee-shirt
text: with the "Mystery" logo printed in white on the chest. Jam
text: holds it up. It's gigantic.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I pass by this really cool tee-shirt
dialog: shop on my way to school every day
dialog: and I know you wear those black tee-
dialog: shirts all the time. You look like a
dialog: size thirty-five, but all the sizes
dialog: were in Roman numerals. So I got you
dialog: an XXXL. That's thirty-five, isn't
dialog: it?
text: Touched, Jam kisses her for a long time. He starts putting
text: on the shirt when suddenly they hear the SHUFFLING of the
text: priest entering his booth. Jam grabs his clothes and sits
text: back on the bench. Beth starts getting dressed at his feet.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Okay, you better have something really
dialog: sinful for me this time, son. My
dialog: patience is worn to threads and your
dialog: mom will be here any minute.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (pulling up his pants)
dialog: Alright, Father, here it is. About
dialog: two weeks ago I went to my cousin's
dialog: wedding and one of the bridesmaids
dialog: asked me if I wanted to take a bath.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: No...
text: Beth is tying her shoes. Jam slips on his socks.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I was insulted, so I asked her if I
dialog: was wreaking some wicked b.o., right?
dialog: Then she said no, she wanted to take
dialog: a bath with me.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Oh, this is terrible... Please go
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Well, she was a very tempting siren,
dialog: Father. Built like you wouldn't
dialog: believe. So I gave into temptation
text: about a block away from the wedding
dialog: reception at this little motel that
dialog: charges by the hour.
dialog: Jam pauses.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Well? Continue! Continue!
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Okay... when she peeled off that
dialog: gown, you'll never guess what she
text: was wearing underneath.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Was it a teddy?
text: Fully dressed, Beth crawls out of the confessional.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: No. Much bet... I mean, much more
dialog: sinful than that.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: A bustier?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Tell you what. You keep guessing and
dialog: I'll say something when you get it.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Splendid! I love a good game of Name
dialog: That Nightie.
text: Jam quietly sneaks out.
scene_heading: INT. ST. SEBASTIAN'S CATHEDRAL - NIGHT
text: We can hear the priest's voice as Jam hurries to Beth. They
text: dash out the door.
speaker_heading: PRIEST'S VOICE
dialog: Satin underwear? Crotchless panties?
dialog: Leopard skin bra? Fishnet leotard?
dialog: Leather G-string?
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND COBO HALL - NIGHT
text: Still trapped by the GROWLING, BARKING pack of dogs, Lex
text: searches nervously through the garbage behind him.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Okay, okay, you're pissed off. I can
dialog: see this. So... Maybe what we need...
dialog: ah-ha.
text: Lex holds up a worn-out, old frisbee.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Play some frisbee, poochies?
text: The pack just glares and SNARLS. He tosses the frisbee over
text: the packs' heads, but the dogs don't even acknowledge it.
text: They just keep BARKING and GROWLING.
text: Meanwhile, an unnoticed dog at the rear of the pack, a mangy
text: Basset Hound, turns its flat head to see the frisbee land on
text: the ground behind him. His tail starts to wag.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Alright! I give up! I hearby and
dialog: forthwith defer my destiny to you
dialog: mutts. I may be an intelligent,
text: upright, walking, homo-fucking sapien,
dialog: but you fleabags are a force of
dialog: nature. So, I'm just gonna sit here
dialog: and wait for you to decide. If you
dialog: let me live, I thank you. If you
dialog: bite my head off, I'll die knowing I
dialog: did all I could. It's up to you.
text: Lex waits before the GROWLING, SNAPPING canines. Suddenly,
text: the Basset Hound runs up in front of the pack and drops the
text: frisbee at Lex's feet. Lex looks down at the floppy, wrinkly
text: dog, who wags its tail and PANTS furiously.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Well, how do you like that?
text: Lex starts to pet the hound, and one-by-one the rest of the
text: dogs shut-up. Shocked, Lex picks the frisbee up again and
text: throws it.
text: This time the entire pack bolts after the Whammo product.
text: Lex smiles, watching them fight for it in the air... in SLOW
text: MOTION... as the theme from "CHARIOTS OF FIRE" begins.
text: The black Shepherd finally grabs the frisbee in its mouth
text: and runs back toward Lex. It's soon joined by the rest of
text: the pack. That's right about when Lex realizes they aren't
dialog: going to stop.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Whoa! Whoa!
text: The dogs plow into Lex full-force knocking him into the
text: garbage. They surround him licking his face. Lex bursts into
text: unstoppable laughter.
text: Pulling himself up, he pets the dogs as they jump around him
text: wagging their tails and PANTING.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: (baby talk)
dialog: You sonsofbitches could tickle a guy
dialog: to death, y'know that? Sure you do...
dialog: Sure you do...
text: Lex stops. He hears TALKING coming from inside the windowless,
text: brick building on the other side of the alley. He steps in
text: front of the pack and puts his fingers to his lips. They
text: obey, quieting instantly. He then tiptoes to a thin crack in
text: the brick wall. The dogs quietly follow.
text: Lex puts his eye to the crack and peers in.
scene_heading: INT. CHOP SHOP - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LEX'S POV
text: His mom's Volvo and a BMW are on adjacent hydraulic lifts
text: inside a makeshift auto-mechanic shop.
text: Two BEEFY JERKS with blow torches stand next to the cars.
text: One has a bandage on his head and seems to be in pain.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
text: So, I jump into the car, hot-wire it
text: in thirty seconds and start driving.
text: Then, suddenly I hear this scream.
dialog: The disco queen was asleep in the
dialog: back seat.
dialog: Beefy jerk #2 laughs.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: You think it's funny? How would you
text: like to have a stiletto heel smacking
dialog: you in the temple when you're tryin'
dialog: to work?
text: Beefy jerk #2 laughs more. Beefy jerk #1 checks the time.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: You about done splittin' a gut there?
dialog: We gotta get these parts to Toledo
dialog: by nine.
text: Then a familiar voice is heard coming from the back of the
dialog: shop.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Then maybe you guys'll let me go,
dialog: huh?
text: Lex follows the voice and sees Christine handcuffed to a
text: radiator near the rear of the shop.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Come on, whadaya say? You scratch my
dialog: back, I scratch yours. You let me
dialog: go, and in return, I keep my big
dialog: mouth shut about your little operation
dialog: here. Mum, know what I mean?
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #2
dialog: You're lucky you're still alive,
dialog: wench. If you was a guy, we woulda
dialog: thought nothin' of sawing your head
text: off with a butter knife.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: What are we gonna do with her anyway?
text: Beefy jerk #2 bares what's left of his yellow, crusty teeth
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #2
dialog: I dunno, but she sure looks fun.
text: Beefy jerk #1 touches the bandage on his head.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: Yeah, and payback's a bitch.
text: Christine GAGS at the thought.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WALL CRACK
text: Lex's eyeball bulges with terror.
scene_heading: EXT. IT'S RAINING MEN PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: DOLLY FROM the front end of a Jaguar XKE, Michigan vanity
text: plate reading: AMANDA.
text: TO its windshield, through which we see Hawk and Amanda
text: kissing in the front seat, clad only in their underwear.
text: Something like "ME AND MRS. JONES" plays on the radio. When
text: they separate, Amanda takes out a flask and offers it to
dialog: Hawk.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Thanks.
text: He gulps some down and pulls the flask away COUGHING.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Gin.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Whoa. Some of this hard liquor's a
dialog: tad too manly for me. I'm a brewski
dialog: man myself.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Better ease up then, Hawk. Wouldn't
dialog: want to give you whiskey dick would
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Who's Whiskey Dick?
text: Amanda plants a stocking foot on Hawk's crotch and rubs.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Well. Obviously no one you have to
dialog: worry about... Woody.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: My name's not Woody, it's Haw-haw...
text: Hawk's eyes cross as he lets out a DEEP, OBNOXIOUS GROAN.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: ...holy shit!
text: Amanda looks down at his crotch.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: But you do know Premature Peter,
dialog: don't you? Shame, I just bought these
dialog: stockings.
dialog: Hawk has never been more embarrassed.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Well, Amanda, this has been quite a
dialog: night. So far you've seen me and my
dialog: dick throw up.
dialog: (to the heavens)
dialog: What's next? Projectile diarrhea?
dialog: (beat, to Amanda)
dialog: Man. What a stud, huh?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Believe it or not, you still have a
dialog: way to go before you start competing
dialog: with my soon-to-be-ex-husband... the
dialog: champion of lousy lovemaking. The
dialog: man who thinks he's the biggest and
dialog: the best... The man who thinks every
dialog: secretary, stewardess, and cocktail
dialog: waitress he fucks should lick his
dialog: feet for the honor. The man for whom
dialog: faking it was invented. Christ, if I
dialog: hadn't gotten pregnant with our son,
dialog: I would have never known I even had
dialog: sex with the prick.
text: She takes a healthy swig of gin, relishing its bitterness.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: You love him?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I just told you, he's a big, hairy...
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: No, I mean... you love your son?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: More than anything in the world.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: And he loves you back, doesn't he?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: He's a little spoiled, but I know he
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Well, shame on him if he doesn't.
text: She pats his shoulder.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You're sweet.
text: Hawk stares out the windshield.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: My mom died of a heart attack while
dialog: she was having me. Man, I wish I had
dialog: known her for even one day. If they
dialog: ever invent a time machine, that's
dialog: what I'm doing. Going back in time
dialog: to meet my mom. I'm gonna say, "Mrs.
dialog: Pitchford?... or Miss Williams,
dialog: depending on when I show up. You
dialog: don't know me, but I'm your kid from
dialog: the future. Just wanted to thank you
dialog: for the blue eyes, pug nose and for
text: tying the knot with a guy who didn't
dialog: mind diaper detail... Oh, and, uh...
dialog: cut down on the red meat, will ya?"
text: Amanda caresses Hawk's cheek. He turns with her hand and
text: kisses it. He takes her arm and begins kissing his way up to
text: her neck, her cheek, her mouth...
scene_heading: DR. LOVE TO THE RESCUE
scene_heading: INT. SMILEY MART - NIGHT
text: It's a stand-off. Prone customers look up at Trip and the
text: man with the long coat circling each other like sharks. The
text: helpless cashier lets out fearful sobs.
speaker_heading: MAN WITH COAT
dialog: Gimme your gun, boy!
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: No, you gimme your gun, boy!
speaker_heading: MAN WITH COAT
dialog: Don't tempt me, I'll shoot!
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Not if I shoot first!
speaker_heading: MAN WITH COAT
dialog: I don't even think you have a gun!
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Neither do I!
text: The man with the coat puts his shotgun against Trip's head.
speaker_heading: MAN WITH COAT
dialog: Now, for the last time, take the
dialog: piece out and lay back down or your
dialog: mom's gonna need the White Tornado
dialog: to get the brains outta your ski
dialog: cap.
text: Trip GULPS. The jig's up. He slowly pulls out Stretch
text: Armstrong, and the man with the coat glances down and starts
text: to laugh very loud. So loud, he throws his head back.
text: When he recovers, Trip's got Stretch aimed at his head and
text: pulled back to maximum tension.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Smile, you sonofa...
text: Trip lets go. WZZMACK! The man gets it right in the face and
text: falls backward onto the Hostess display, toppling a whole
text: bunch of Ho-Ho's, Ding-Dong's, Twinkies, and Suzy-O's to the
dialog: ground.
text: Trip runs up and grabs the shotgun away as the man with the
text: coat lifts his head briefly, then passes out.
text: Trip turns around and the cashier SLAMS into him, nearly
text: knocking him over. She throws her arms around him letting
text: out relieved SOBS. Behind her all the customers rise from
dialog: the floor CLAPPING. Trip did it. He saved the fucking store!
text: The cashier looks into Trip's masked eyes.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Thank you! Thank you!... Who are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (with confidence)
dialog: Call me... Dr. Love!
text: She plants a thousand mega-watt kiss on his lips and we ZOOM
text: IN on her mood ring changing color from gray to fire engine
dialog: red.
text: Trip's eyes widen just before... KABOOM... The shotgun he's
text: holding goes off, blowing a hole in the ceiling.
text: The recoil from the blast jolts Trip and the cashier apart.
text: We now see Trip's face is smeared with bright, red lipstick.
text: A huge chunk of ceiling falls onto his head but he doesn't
text: move. The kiss hit him harder.
text: I'M HERE FOR THE GIRL AND THE CAR
scene_heading: INT. CHOP SHOP - NIGHT
text: BZZZZZ! Christine and the beefy jerks watch the brown, '78
text: Volvo, Ohio plates: OB-GYN, ascend on a hydraulic lift.
text: Behind them sits the BMW skeleton. These boys work fast.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You guys better kill me before you
dialog: do what you're thinking of doing.
dialog: Cause when I'm mad enough, I can
text: bite down very hard.
text: The beefy jerks laughs.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: Sweet Polly Purebred's got some spunk,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #2
dialog: I'll give her some spunk alright.
text: They put their blow torches down and turn to her.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: We stripped that Beemer in fifteen
dialog: minutes. Bet we can strip her in
dialog: fifteen seconds.
text: They giggle maniacally and lumber toward Christine. Their
text: shadows growing larger and larger across her.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (mile a minute)
dialog: Now wait a minute, guys! Two against
dialog: one ain't fair. Lemme go back and
dialog: get my friend Barbara. You'd love
dialog: her. Tits the size of your head.
dialog: You'll feel like a little baby sucking
dialog: on 'em. I swear, I'll bring her right
dialog: back. It'll be a four-way... You
dialog: guys like disco? I teach disco dancing
dialog: at my church. You guys look like you
dialog: got rhythm in your blood. Come on,
dialog: free lessons if you let me go.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: I know a dance we can do. The
text: horizontal hustle.
text: They both laugh. Just as they're about to grab her...
text: Suddenly, the garage door behind them SLIDES UP revealing
text: darkness. Christine and the beefy jerks look out anxiously.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: Who's there?
text: Silence except for CRICKETS. Then... from out of the darkness
text: emerges a figure... Lex. Christine's eyes brighten like a
dialog: bulb.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: I'm here for the girl and the car.
dialog: You can try to stop me, but I must
dialog: warn you, it may be hazardous to
dialog: your health.
text: The beefy jerks laugh at this little punk. They start toward
text: him, one with a tire iron, the other a big monkey wrench.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: Too bad. He was such a young idiot.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #2
dialog: Ehhh. He was a stupid boy. He deserved
dialog: to die.
text: Lex lets out a quick HIGH-PITCHED WHISTLE. The pack of BARKING
text: dogs led by the Shepherd, the Pit Bull, the Doberman, and
text: the Basset Hound, step from the darkness and flank Lex,
text: GROWLING and SNARLING at the beefy jerks.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Listen to them. Children of the night.
dialog: What music they make... Hounds of
dialog: hell? Say hello to dinner!
text: The beefy jerks drop their tools on their feet and yelp in
text: pain. The pack takes this as a threat and charge the beefy
text: jerks, who bolt for a glass-partitioned office. The dogs
text: SCRATCH and BARK at the window ferociously.
text: Lex smiles at Christine. She smiles back. He presses the
text: "down" button on the lift and the Volvo descends. Lex yells
text: to the beefy jerks through the glass.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: One foot out of that office and your
dialog: asses are Alpo!
text: Lex unlocks Christine. She leaps into his arms.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Wow! Thank you! You're cooler than
dialog: the Fonz.
text: She gives him a lingering kiss. Lex leans back, gives the
text: double thumbs-up, and says...
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Aaaayyyyy!
text: Lex takes her hand and they walk over to the Volvo. Lex lets
text: her in then rounds the car to the driver's side.
speaker_heading: BEEFY JERK #1
dialog: Hey, what about the dogs?
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: You got a phone in there?
text: They nod. Lex drips a dry smile onto them.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Call the cops.
text: The beefy jerks watch in disbelief as the Volvo SCREECHES
text: out of the chop shop.
text: 2 GODDBYES, A PUNCH IN THE GUT AND A DRUMSTICK
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE CASTLE PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Beth's parents wait in the running car as Jam and Beth share
text: a heartfelt good-bye outside the back door.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ann Arbor isn't... that far from
dialog: Cleveland, right?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Nah. Once I get my own wheels, I
dialog: could come up all the time.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: That'd be great. Hey, maybe someday
dialog: your band'll play there. It's a
dialog: college town, you know?
text: Jam takes her hands.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I feel like such an idiot. Why didn't
dialog: I just say something a year and a
dialog: half ago? Man, think of how much
dialog: time we wasted.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Let's not think about the past. Let's
dialog: just think about from today on. I'll
dialog: never forget you, Jam.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Tell me about it. Church will never
dialog: be the same again.
text: They stare at each other for a really long time. Then, kiss.
text: BEEP. BEEP. Dad looks back out the window and CLEARS HIS
scene_heading: THROAT LOUDLY.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Coming dad.
dialog: (to Jam)
dialog: I'll call you. Soon as we get a phone.
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Bye.
text: She gets in the car. They both wave as the Impala turns a
text: corner out of sight. Jam is left alone still waving long
text: after she's gone.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S JAG - NIGHT
text: Amanda and Hawk are half-dressed post-coitus. She looks in
text: her purse.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Amanda, as ironic as this is gonna
dialog: sound, I can't take any money for...
dialog: I'm no Midnight Cowboy, y'know. It
dialog: would only cheapen the whole deal
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'm not paying you for the lovemaking,
dialog: Hawk. I just want you to have whatever
dialog: you needed the money for when you
dialog: took me up on my offer.
text: She forces the money into his palm.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: ...Thanks.
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You're a good man, Hawk. Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. SMILEY MART - NIGHT
text: The cashier, shoppers, and a gathering CROWD watch two cops
text: load the dazed man with the coat into a cruiser.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: (to cashier)
dialog: You wouldn't happen to know where we
dialog: could find this... Dr. Love, would
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: It's company policy to hand over a
dialog: cash reward of a hundred and fifty
dialog: dollars to anyone who stops a robbery.
dialog: I gave him the money and he took
dialog: off.
text: The cops shrug and get into the cruiser.
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: Okay, well, thanks anyway. And let
dialog: us know if you happen to see him
dialog: again. We'd like to ask him some
dialog: questions.
text: The cruiser takes off and the cashier stares at her mood
text: ring. It throbs red like a beating heart.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: (sighing to herself)
dialog: If I see Dr. Love any time soon,
dialog: you're gonna have to wait till I'm
dialog: done with him first.
text: CAMERA TRACKS BACK QUICKLY AND SWINGS JUST AROUND THE CORNER.
scene_heading: EXT. SMILEY MART PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: We find Trip counting his money out to the little kid, Chongo,
text: and their two buds.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: ...hundred forty, hundred fifty.
dialog: That's all I got.
text: The little kid puts the money in his pocket.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. I really wanted things
dialog: to work out for you, my weasly, dim-
dialog: witted friend. You got spunk.
dialog: (to Chongo)
dialog: Chongo, give him a fifty dollar
dialog: wallop.
text: Chongo reels back and...
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Oh, no... Please, look. I...
text: THWAM! Right in Trip's face. Trip flies off his feet into
text: the Smiley Mart brick wall with a THUD. A bag of weed drops
text: from his jacket, then some uppers, a few sheets of acid, and
text: finally a can of beer rolls out.
speaker_heading: CHONGO
dialog: Hey, the jerkoff's got drugs.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Consider it a bonus, Chongo.
text: Chongo laughs like an ejaculating gorilla as he and his two
text: buds scoop it all up. The little kid, Chongo, and the buds
text: leave Trip lying in a puddle of his own nose blood.
text: He pulls out Stretch Armstrong and looks at him fondly.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (misty eyed)
dialog: At least I still got you, Stretch.
text: Trip looks up. The six year olds who he stole it from stand
text: close by having watched the whole humiliating exchange.
text: Licked, Trip tosses the doll to them. They both dash away
text: with it, giggling.
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY STREET - NIGHT
text: Christine sits in an idling taxi taking money from Lex, who
text: stands outside the window.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: This oughta be enough to get you to
dialog: Disco Inferno, Christine.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Come with. It's not too late for you
dialog: to catch the fever.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: No can do. But I made a promise to
dialog: get you to that disco, and we KISS
dialog: maniacs are men of our word.
dialog: Besides... you're pretty cool... for
dialog: a stella, I mean.
text: Christine takes his hand and writes something on his palm in
dialog: lipstick.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Here's my number. Tell me how cool I
dialog: am over the phone sometime. Okay?
text: She gives Lex a kiss then pushes him away.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
speaker_heading: (to CABBIE)
dialog: Disco Inferno, on the double.
text: The taxi SCREECHES away as Lex smiles and gets back into the
dialog: Volvo.
scene_heading: INT. COBO HALL - NIGHT
text: Jam approaches the stadium, passing the MATMOKS, walking
text: straight up to Mrs. Bruce. Her back is to him. He taps her
text: on the shoulder. She turns. Her jaw drops. It escaped again!
dialog: And what an ugly tee-shirt.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I'm gonna ask you nicely first. Mom,
dialog: can I have my drumsticks back?
text: Taken aback by his confidence, Mrs. Bruce grabs his ear and
text: tries to pull him away. He won't budge.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Again, can I have my drumsticks?
text: A BUNCH OF IDIOTS walk by with big transistor radios. One of
text: them holds a Mr. Microphone and heckles the MATMOKS.
speaker_heading: LEAD IDIOT
dialog: Hey, I'm on the radio! Hi, good-
dialog: lookin'. We'll be back to pick you
dialog: up later!
text: Mrs. Bruce yells at Jam through her bullhorn.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: Drumsticks are the least of your
dialog: worries, young man. You are in a
dialog: world of...
text: Jam yanks the Mr. Microphone from the lead idiot and screams
text: at his mother, his voice amplified on the transistors.
text: Everyone stares.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I know, mom, I've been in trouble
dialog: for about twelve hours now!
dialog: Hellooooo!?
text: The other MATMOKS turn to look as Jam climbs onto a trash
text: receptacle and shouts down at his mother, his face slowly
text: turning purple.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: I'm gonna be spending the next two
dialog: years of my life at St. Bernard's
dialog: Boarding School, remember?! I'm gonna
dialog: be outta your hair till I'm a legal
dialog: adult, remember?! That way, all you
dialog: have to do is go to church, light a
dialog: candle, pray to a little statue for
dialog: me, and voila! All is forgiven and
dialog: forgotten, right mom?!! Then, you
dialog: can spend your days in guilt-free
dialog: pursuit of more constructive
dialog: activities like telling everybody
dialog: else how screwed up their lives are!
dialog: That way you no longer need the
dialog: patience and understanding required
dialog: to communicate on some normal level
dialog: with your own child!!! And that way
dialog: you don't even have to think about
dialog: how tough it was for you when you
dialog: were growing up, and it's a good
dialog: thing too. Cause if you did, you'd
text: realize what a LOUSY, GODDAMN, SHITTY-
dialog: ASS, PARENT YOU ARE!!!
text: The crowd of KISS fans APPLAUD Jam's rant. Mrs. Bruce is
text: utterly winded from the assault.
speaker_heading: MRS. BRUCE
dialog: (timidly)
dialog: Jeremiah... what's gotten into you?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: (into Mr. Microphone)
dialog: I just lost my virginity in a
dialog: confessional booth! Lord have mercy!!
text: The crowd cheers. Jam jumps down and hands the Mr. Microphone
text: back to the lead idiot. He turns to his mom.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: For the last time, mom. Let me have
dialog: my fucking drumsticks. Please.
text: Mrs. Bruce reaches into the trash, finds the drumsticks and
text: hands them to him. He spins them like pistols, then stuffs
text: them into his socks and walks away.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE PLAN
scene_heading: EXT. IT'S RAINING MEN STRIP CLUB - NIGHT
text: Hawk runs to the scalper across the street who's selling a
text: ticket to another KISS fan.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Whoa! Whoa! WHOA! That better not be
dialog: the last ticket! I hope you have
dialog: another one for me!
text: The scalper sees Hawk and bolts down the street disappearing
text: around a corner. Hawk stops. He's lost him.
text: Hawk sulks to the now-familiar intersection where all four
text: landmarks meet. He takes one more look up the block at Cobo
text: Hall. Nearly all the KISS fans are inside. The streets are
text: almost deserted.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Fuck me!
text: He sees someone out of the corner of his eye across the
text: street. It's Jam. Lex approaches the other corner. Trip comes
text: up to the forth corner. They all stop when they see each
text: other. Each standing on his own corner. They're all pissed.
text: They meet in the middle of the street as last minute CONCERT
text: GOERS hurry by.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Any luck?
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Plenty, but it was all bad.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: I found the Volvo.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Tickets?
dialog: They all shake no.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Well, dudes, the only way we're gonna
dialog: see KISS this tour is by some fuckin'
dialog: miracle.
text: Suddenly, a commotion up the street. A SURLY MOM yanks four
text: 12 YEAR OLD BRATS dressed like KISS by the scruffs of their
text: necks. She's furious, they're CRYING.
speaker_heading: SURLY MOM
dialog: How dare you sneak out of the house
dialog: like that! You had me worried to
dialog: death! Don't you know this is Detroit!
dialog: And for a degenerate band like KISS!
dialog: They're sick, sick, sick and oughta
dialog: be in jail with their vile antics!
text: She throws a wad of paper to the pavement as they pass our
text: four heroes. The dudes watch her pull the brats away.
speaker_heading: SURLY MOM
dialog: Just wait until your father gets
dialog: ahold of you!
text: Jam, Hawk, Lex, and Trip turn and look at the crumpled wad
text: at their feet. It's an envelope. An ANGELIC SPOTLIGHT FROM
text: ABOVE highlights it.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: No... You don't think...?
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Nah. Couldn't be.
text: They all shake their heads in unison resolved that it isn't.
text: Then, unable to control themselves, they dive for the
text: envelope. Jam tears it open. His trembling hand reaches in.
text: All their eyes focus like lasers on what's inside.
text: Jam pulls out four KISS tickets. Their jaws drop. Their eyes
dialog: bug.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: It's a miracle! A miracle!
text: The boys are practically moved to tears. It's Divine
text: Intervention at its finest.
text: Suddenly, a greasy hand juts out of nowhere and grabs the
text: tickets. The boys look up shocked. They can't believe it.
scene_heading: ALL FOUR BOYS
dialog: ELVIS?!!
text: Yes, Elvis. Fire in his eyes. Mania on his mind. And tickets
text: in his hand.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: (laughing hysterically)
dialog: Whose laughing now?! Whose laughing
dialog: now, ya little shits?! I told ya...
dialog: Over my dead body! Ha-HA-HAAA!
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (arms outstretched)
dialog: Take it easy, Elvis. Don't do anything
dialog: crazy. Just give me the tickets before
text: someone gets hurt.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Hey, wait a minute! This ain't school
dialog: property! He's not the boss of us
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: (crazed)
dialog: That's right. This ain't school.
dialog: It's not about school anymore. Now
dialog: it's personal.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Come on, Elvis. We was only kiddin'.
dialog: It's all in good fun. We run, you
dialog: chase. Cat and mouse. You know.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: Boys, this time... I win!
text: Elvis stuffs all four tickets in his mouth and chews crazily.
text: In seconds, GULP. Elvis explodes into unhinged laughter as
text: he runs away zigzagged down the street.
text: Our boys are left dumbstruck and speechless. After a really
dialog: long pause...
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Well... I still got my idea if anybody
dialog: will let me speak.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: (beaten)
dialog: Go ahead, Jam.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: We all beat each other up, then,
dialog: once we're nice and bruised, we run
dialog: over to the ticket takers and say we
dialog: got mugged and our tickets were
dialog: stolen. They gotta let us in then.
text: They stand and think for a moment. Hawk's mouth curls into a
text: devilish grin.
text: Then, he lets out a gigantic "AIEEE!!! and slugs Jam. The
text: four boys brutally pummel one another in the middle of the
text: intersection. Punching. Kicking. Headbutting.
scene_heading: EXT. COBO HALL - NIGHT
text: Two TICKET TAKERS are letting the last KISS fans in. They're
text: about to close the doors when our four bloodied and bruised
text: heroes come running up.
speaker_heading: HAWK
dialog: Dude, you gotta let us in! Four
dialog: muggers just stole our tickets!
speaker_heading: TICKET TAKER
dialog: (sceptical)
dialog: You expect us to believe that?
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: Look at us!
text: Trip points into the crowd of fans inside the auditorium
dialog: foyer.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: It was those assholes! They even
dialog: stole my wallet!
text: The ticket takers turn to see the little kid, Chongo, and
text: their two buds just going in. The ticket takers signal two
text: security guards who proceed to stop the four stunned kids
text: and confiscate their tickets. They find all the stolen dope
text: and Trip's wallet.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: Inside that you'll find my KISS Army
dialog: picture I.D. and a hundred fifty
dialog: bucks cash.
text: The security guards see he's right and break out the cuffs.
speaker_heading: TRIP
dialog: (to little kid)
dialog: Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. I was really hoping
dialog: things would work out for you, my
dialog: weasly, midget friend. You got spunk.
text: The little kid for once is speechless.
text: Then the ticket taker extends his arm in SLOW MOTION into
text: COBO Hall as if to say "Entrez Vous." The four friends pause.
speaker_heading: JAM
dialog: This is it!
text: They take a few slow steps almost as if they don't believe
text: it, then run like the wind into the auditorium.
scene_heading: DETROIT ROCK CITY
scene_heading: INT. COBO HALL AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
text: The lights are out. The lighters have been lit. The CROWDS'
text: ROAR is deafening.
text: Jam, Hawk, Trip, and Lex plow their way through the throngs
text: and head straight for the front row just as Simple Simon
text: takes the stage.
speaker_heading: SIMPLE SIMON
dialog: You wanted the best! And you got the
dialog: best! The hottest band in the world...
dialog: KISS!!!
text: Simple Simon runs from the stage just as the opening chords
text: to DETROIT ROCK CITY BEGIN.
text: On the beat, BOOM, FIREWORKS shoot from the floor alighting
text: the place. KISS takes the stage descending on hydraulic
dialog: elevators.
scene_heading: ON JAM, HAWK, TRIP, AND LEX
dialog: They're seeing God!
text: The show is spectacular. The costumes. The make-up. The
text: blitzkrieg of pyrotechnics. The flashing KISS sign. Ace's
text: smoking guitar. Gene's spewing fire. Paul's rockin' vocals.
text: Peter's kick-ass beat.
dialog: Then, something really weird happens.
text: The crowd behind the boys heaves forward. Jam is pushed like
text: a twig in a flood and over the shoulders of those in front
text: of him. Purely by accident, he is thrown onto the stage
text: landing on his stomach between Paul and Gene. Just before
text: Peter's drum solo is about to start.
text: Gene, Paul, and Ace silence their instruments. Peter throws
text: his drumstick into the air intending to catch it when it
text: comes down. But the sight of Jam landing on the stage
text: distracts him.
text: All is mute as Peter misses the drumstick. It hits the outside
text: edge of one of the drums.
text: Thinking fast, Jam grabs one of his drumsticks out of his
text: sock and tosses it to Peter. It tumbles through the air in
text: SLOW MOTION with a LOW, WHOOPING, HELICOPTER SOUND. We see
text: the word "Mystery" clearly as it twirls.
text: Instantly, it's caught in Peter Criss's hand and he brings
text: it down on his drum not missing a beat. The song resumes
text: with all its fury as Peter's drum kit ascends on a hydraulic
dialog: platform.
text: Jam scrambles from the stage and leaps back into the audience
text: barely missing the claws of some security guards.
text: The four friends pound on each other with unbridled, teenage
dialog: exuberance. Will it ever get any better than this?
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME.
scene_heading: FADE TO WHITE:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
