dialog: 
scene_heading: DEVIL IN A BLUE DRESS
dialog: Written by
dialog: Carl Franklin
dialog: From the novel by
dialog: Walter Mosley
dialog: March 9, 1994 - 3rd Draft
scene_heading: 1 INT. CHAMPION AIRCRAFT - BENNY GIACOMO'S OFFICE 1
text: A battered wooden desk drawer groans open and light brown
text: skinned hands with dirty fingernails twist the cap off a
text: pint of rye whiskey and pour liquor into a coffee cup.
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: You know, when you fire somebody
dialog: you have to stick to your guns.
text: They screw the cap back on and lay the bottle in the drawer.
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The men might get to thinkin' that
dialog: I'm weak if I take you back.
text: The cup rises to the face of BENNY GIACOMO, late forties,
text: with salt and pepper hair that was once jet black. Skin
text: darker than a Louisiana Creole.
text: He takes a sip and bares his teeth in a grimace from the
text: whiskey. As he talks we gradually see more of him -- feet
text: kicked up on the desk, fully in charge.
text: A Betty Grable like pin-up girl is giving us background in
text: more ways than one in a swimsuit and high heels on a
text: calendar tacked to the wall: May, 1948.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And I didn't tell Dupree that I'd
dialog: give you your job back... All I
dialog: said was that I'd be glad to talk
dialog: to you if you said the right
dialog: thing... Do you have something to
dialog: say?
text: A stream of cigarette smoke snakes through as the back of a
text: man's head and shoulder nudges in and shifts nervously.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mr. Giacomo, when one of the white
dialog: guys has come off a double shift
dialog: and says he's too tired to work
dialog: overtime, you don't fire him.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Fella, what'd I tell ya? If you're
dialog: not willing to give a little extra,
dialog: Champion can't use you.
text: EASY RAWLINS, thirty, handsome and a much darker brown than
text: Giacomo, takes a drag off a Chesterfield cigarette.
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: 1
text: Through the window behind him, a team of men pour over a
text: partly assembled airplane, their voices echoing in the
text: hangar that surrounds the office.
text: Benny measures out his words one at a time.
speaker_heading: BENNY (O.S.)
dialog: Now... Do... you... have...
dialog: something... to say?
text: Easy swallows his frustration in silence and thinks about
text: swallowing his pride as well. And then:
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I want my job back, Mr. Giacomo. I
dialog: need to work and I need a good job.
speaker_heading: BENNY (O.S.)
dialog: Is that all?
text: Easy looks down into the smoke and sits up straight to keep
text: from bowing his head.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, that's not all... I need money
dialog: so that I can pay my mortgage and
dialog: eat... I need a house to live in
dialog: and a place to raise children... I
dialog: need to buy clothes so I can--
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I'm sorry, fella, but I gotta get
dialog: back to work...
text: And he swings his feet down and stands up to go. But Easy
text: is up too, blocking his way out the door.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Ezekiel, Mr. Giacomo.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Hunh?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: My name is Ezekiel... Ezekiel
dialog: Rawlins.
text: Benny clinches his fists and focuses on Easy's chest like a
text: fighter. And Easy rocks back on one foot ready to score a
text: field goal with his right knee.
text: Slowly, Giacomo's face creases into a plastic grin and he
dialog: shrugs.
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: (2) 1
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: S'cuse me, Ezekiel.
text: And he walks around Easy, shaking his head as if amused.
text: Easy watches him go as the low moan of the baritone sax from
text: Duke Ellington's "Absinthe" snakes up like sin and we
scene_heading: 2 FADE TO BLACK 2
dialog: And watch the titles, the last one reading "Two Weeks
dialog: Later"...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 3 EXT. JOPPY'S BAR - DAY 3
text: Black and grey cars, Packards and Buicks from 1928 to 1948,
text: come and go on Central Avenue. Two-storied storefronts with
text: canvas awnings, above black men and women in hats... all in
text: a hurry.
text: The Red Car rumbles through and then a white Cadillac
text: convertible pulls to the curb in front of a butcher shop.
text: Above the shop on the next floor are large partly open
text: windows with JOPPY'S BAR in boldface letters. Inside sits
text: Easy, back to the window reading the classified ads.
scene_heading: 4 INT. JOPPY'S BAR 4
text: T-Bone Walker's "Westside Baby" plays on the jukebox as Easy
text: takes a final drag off his cigarette and stubs it out.
text: THE FRONT PAGE of the LOS ANGELES TIMES lies face up on the
text: table beneath the ashtray displaying A PHOTOGRAPH of a
text: middle-aged white man and his pretty young woman companion
text: smiling and waving.
text: Above the happy couple is a headline "CARTER DROPS OUT OF
text: RACE"... The caption under the photo reads "Wealthy civic
text: leader, Todd Carter, shown here with his lovely bride-to-be,
text: Daphne Monet, at a fundraiser last month was unavailable for
text: comment on his surprising withdrawal from the Mayor's race."
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: Catch ya later, Joppy.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: SPLACK! An older black man hitching up his pants underneath
text: a bloodstained butcher's apron has slapped his empty beer
text: glass down hard on the counter on his way out.
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: 4 CONTINUED: 4
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Hey, watch the marble! Dammit,
dialog: what'd I tell you?
text: The fifty-year-old burly bartender leans over his big
text: stomach checking for cracks and buffing the veiny marble top
text: of the bar with a filthy rag. Behind him is a yellow
text: billboard from 1932 with big black letters reading "Fuller
text: vs. Shag. 10 ROUND MAIN EVENT." We could make out more of
text: the poster and the eight-by-ten framed boxing photos around
dialog: it if it wasn't so smoky in the place.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Joppy, how much they payin' out
dialog: there at McDonell Douglas?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: I don't know. Don't it say--
text: His words hang as his eyes stray toward the door.
text: Easy looks up also at
text: THE DOORWAY which fills with the large frame of the white
text: MAN in an off-white linen suit, his pale eyes surveying the
text: room. Satisfied that all but two of the six tables in the
text: tiny room are unoccupied, he smiles at Joppy and walks to
text: the far end of the bar.
text: Easy is surprised to see Joppy, tough ex-heavyweight that he
text: is, duck his head and smile as he makes his way over like
text: he's answering a summons. The white man extends a friendly
text: hand and the two of them shake like old friends and lean in
text: close to talk in private.
text: Easy finds it hard not to watch their conversation as he
text: takes a sip from a short glass of bourbon on the rocks.
dialog: After a moment...
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Easy, come on over here. This
dialog: here's somebody I want ya to
dialog: meet... Come on. This here's a
dialog: friend of mine.
text: Easy drains his glass and stands up, then walks over.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Yeah, Easy. This here's Mr.
dialog: Albright.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: You can call me Dewitt, Easy.
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: 4 CONTINUED: (2) 4
text: He extends his hand and Easy shakes it.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: How ya doin'?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: (bowing and grinning)
dialog: Mr. Albright and me goes back to
dialog: before the war when I was still in
dialog: the fight game.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (to Easy)
dialog: Ever seen this guy fight...? Any
text: time Joppy Shag stepped in the ring
dialog: you knew you were gonna see some
dialog: real knock-down-drag-out-
dialog: fisticuffs... Where you from, Easy?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Houston.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Houston... Joppy's hometown.
text: Joppy pours Albright a straight shot of Wild Turkey and the
text: big man sips it.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: So I hear you need a job.
text: Easy throws a look at Joppy, but Joppy is busy buffing the
text: bar and putting more of Easy's business in the street.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Aw yeah, Easy always tryin' to do
dialog: better. Got his high school
dialog: certificate from night school.
dialog: He's threatenin' up on some
dialog: college. And he's one of the few
dialog: colored men around here who owns
text: his own house. Shoot, he pays a
dialog: mortgage every month just like a
dialog: white man.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Property owner, hunh?
text: He turns up his drink and sets the empty glass down on the
dialog: counter.
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: 4 CONTINUED: (3) 4
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: These big companies, don't give a
dialog: damn, do they?
text: He reaches in his coat pocket and produces a business card
text: and scribbles something on it.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: If you need a job, drop by this
dialog: address at seven tonight.
text: Easy takes the card and glances at it.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What kind of work you do?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: I do favors... I do favors for
dialog: friends. Drop by.
text: He nods to Joppy and walks out the door.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Who the hell is that, Joppy?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Just somebody I know... A bidness
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What kinda business?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Oh, I don't ask him all that. He
dialog: comes in here every so often
dialog: looking for somebody to do a little
dialog: job for him... He pays good.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: In other words, he's a gangster.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: I didn't say that... But if there's
dialog: a dollar laying in the street I
dialog: don't think he'll let a little dirt
dialog: stop him from picking it up. If
dialog: you worried about making that house
dialog: note this month, maybe you wanna
dialog: pay him a call. All them pretty
dialog: girls you be with ain't gonna buy
dialog: you a house.
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: 4 CONTINUED: (4) 4
text: Easy cocks his head "Are you crazy?"
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sound like he just wants you to
dialog: keep your eyes open for somebody...
dialog: He'll pay you whether you see
dialog: anything or not... If it was me I'd
dialog: take that man's money and go on
dialog: about my bidness... Ain't nothin'
dialog: to worry about.
text: Easy is still suspicious, but can't take his eyes off the
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: When somebody tells me "Don't
dialog: worry," I usually look down to see
dialog: if my fly is open... I noticed
dialog: Albright didn't bother to pay for
text: his drink.
scene_heading: 5 EXT. EASY'S '46 PONTIAC - DAY 5
text: Little single family houses with tiny yards of St. Augustine
text: grass rush toward the amber Indianhead hood ornament on
text: Easy's car.
scene_heading: 6 INT. EASY'S CAR 6
text: Duke Ellington's "Mood Indigo" plays on the radio as Easy
text: heads for home in thought.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: DeWitt Albright reminded me of
dialog: somebody I knew back in Houston.
dialog: His name was Raymond Alexander but
dialog: we called him Mouse... Mouse called
dialog: hisself a businessman too. And I
dialog: found out that I shouldn't be
dialog: nowhere around when Mouse got down
dialog: to his business... I learned that
dialog: the hard way.
text: A neighbor sweeps out her front porch and waves at Easy as
text: he slows down in front of his house.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - DAY 7
text: He gets out of his car and a group of children chasing a man
text: giving goat cart rides, washes past him in the street.
dialog: 8.
scene_heading: 7 CONTINUED: 7
text: A MAN with an unruly head of hair and full beard pushing a
text: wheelbarrow with a double edged axe wheels up behind Easy as
text: he opens his gate.
speaker_heading: WOODCUTTER
dialog: Want me to knock down some of them
dialog: trees back there for you?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: No... Just leave the trees alone.
text: Easy continues up his walkway past flower beds of dahlias
text: and wild roses and stops on his front porch to check on his
text: African violets in a jar next to the front door.
scene_heading: 8 INT. EASY'S HOUSE 8
text: He walks into his tiny living room and tosses his jacket
text: onto the sofa. Then moves on through the kitchen and out
text: the back door.
scene_heading: 9 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY 9
text: He picks up a water hose and turns on the faucet, watering
text: and admiring his apple, avocado, pomegranate and banana
text: trees as he lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: I had moved to Los Angeles right
dialog: after the war with three hundred
dialog: dollars and the G.I. Bill... And I
dialog: liked coming home to a place that
dialog: was mine... According to President
dialog: Truman I had that comin' to me
dialog: 'cause I had fought in 'the good
dialog: war' against Hitler in Europe...
dialog: But that didn't mean a damn thing
dialog: to a lotta white folks including
dialog: the foreman on my job... So, here I
dialog: was out of work needin' thirty-two
dialog: dollars to pay the mortgage... That
dialog: was three days pay on my old job --
dialog: and I had about three days to get
dialog: it.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT 10
text: Easy parks in front of a large Spanish-style building. He
text: gets out and walks to the black wrought iron entrance.
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT 11
text: Easy makes his way through the overgrown patio with roses
text: and vines cascading down from office windows on the second
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: A12 INT. OFFICE - NIGHT A12
text: Someone is watching Easy as he looks for the right office.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT 12
text: A small white MAN pops out from behind a hedge startling
text: Easy. He wears a suit that also serves as a uniform.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I'm looking for, uh...
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: We only take deliveries between
dialog: nine and six...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, no... I...
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Yes, we do! Now you'd better
dialog: leave.
text: He clutches a baton in his hand and swats it into his open
dialog: palm.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Uh... Albright!
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I'm here to see Mr. Albright.
dialog: DeWitt Albright!
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Where's your delivery?
text: He holds out his scrawny hand.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I have an appointment -- I'm
dialog: supposed to meet him.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: 12 CONTINUED: 12
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Did he give you a note to come in
dialog: here after hours?
text: Easy only stares, hating this little man.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Well, did he? Because if he
dialog: didn't--
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Forget it, man. Next time I see
dialog: him I'll just tell him you wouldn't
dialog: let me in.
text: Disgusted, Easy turns to leave.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Hold on.
text: He sizes up Easy and then points across the courtyard.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (like an order)
text: Across that way to the left and
dialog: down the stairs...
text: Easy half nods/half glares and walks away.
speaker_heading: 13 OMIT 13
text: At the other side of the garden Easy turns a corner and
text: heads down concrete steps. At the bottom he opens a door
dialog: leading into
scene_heading: 14 INT. BASEMENT - CORRIDOR 14
text: He looks into the boiler room but turns into an empty
text: corridor stopping at a heavy steel door at the end.
text: He knocks. After a moment a tall and slight MAN with curly
text: brown hair and the complexion of an East Indian opens the door.
scene_heading: 15 INT. MAINTENANCE ROOM 15
text: A short and stocky kind of Chinese-looking MAN stands
text: against the door at the far end. The Tall Man ushers Easy
text: into the clutter of heavy metal tools, cans of paint and
text: cleaning solutions. A card table with two chairs sits idly.
text: The Tall Man closes the door and holds out his hand. Easy
text: reaches to shake it but the man starts to pat Easy on his
text: side and Easy pushes him away.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, man! What's wrong with you?
text: The Chinese Man slips a hand inside his coat and the Tall
text: Man smiles.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: (with an accent)
dialog: Mr. Rawlins, put your hands up a
dialog: little from your sides, please.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Keep your hands to yourself. I
dialog: don't let no man feel on me like
dialog: that.
text: The Chinese Man pulls some kind of weapon halfway out and
text: takes a step forward, and the Tall Man tries to put his hand
text: against Easy's chest but Easy grabs his wrist.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Don't worry, Manny. He's okay.
dialog: Just a little shaky.
dialog: (indicating the door)
dialog: Let him know.
text: Manny pushes his weapon back in his coat and knocks on the
text: door behind him.
text: After a moment, DeWitt Albright opens up.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Easy.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: He doesn't want us to touch him.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Leave it, Shariff. I just wanted
dialog: to make sure he was solo.
speaker_heading: SHARIFF
dialog: You're the boss.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: You guys can go now. Easy and I
dialog: have some business.
scene_heading: 16 INT. MAINTENANCE OFFICE 16
text: Easy follows Albright inside and the big man goes behind a
text: big wooden desk and puts his bone-colored shoes up next to a
text: half full bottle of Wild Turkey. On the other end of the
text: desk a small radio scratches out the Glen Gray Orchestra's
dialog: "Gotta Be This or That."
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
text: There is a paper calendar hanging on the wall behind him
text: with a picture of a basket of blackberries, but other than
text: that the room is bare.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Have a seat, Mr. Rawlins.
text: Easy takes a seat in a chair in front of the desk and tries
text: not to stare at the tan leather shoulder holster under
text: Albright's arm with the muzzle of the pistol almost reaching
text: his belt.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (gesturing back)
dialog: Your friends, hunh?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Like you, Easy. I need a little
dialog: help? I give 'em a call... Drink?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Sure.
text: Albright pulls another glass from the desk drawer and pours
dialog: a fresh one for Easy and fresher one for himself.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: One thing I like about working for
dialog: myself... I always have a bottle on
dialog: the table... You wanna drink with
dialog: me? Fine. You don't? Door's
dialog: right behind you... Joppy tells me
dialog: you're a war hero... Said you went
dialog: in with Patton.
text: Easy nods, proud but polite, and Albright pushes him a glass
dialog: of whiskey.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: So, you want the job?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Depends on what kind of job. I
dialog: don't want to get mixed up in
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Walk out the door in the morning,
dialog: Easy, and you're mixed up in
dialog: something. Only thing that matters
dialog: is if you're mixed up to the top or
dialog: not.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: (2) 16
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I mean I don't wanna get mixed up
dialog: with the law...
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Neither one of us wants to get
dialog: mixed up in that. That's just rich
dialog: people trying to keep me and you in
dialog: our place.
text: He laughs and takes a healthy swig and Easy takes a drink
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: I'm looking for somebody for a
dialog: friend.
text: He pushes a newspaper across the desk to Easy and Easy holds
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: NEWSPAPER
text: It's the front page with the photograph of the wealthy Todd
text: Carter and his beautiful bride-to-be... Despite her smile,
text: there's a sadness in the eyes.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT (O.S.)
text: Daphne Monet... fiancée of Todd
dialog: Carter, one of the richest men in
dialog: town... Been gone for two weeks...
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: She leave him?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Evidently... You know how it is
dialog: with women, Easy... Happens to the
dialog: best of us...
text: He rears back in his chair as if expecting a sign of
dialog: recognition.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I ain't never heard of her before.
dialog: I wouldn't know how to find a woman
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: That's a shame.
text: He laughs a conspiratorial, lecher's laugh and Easy allows a
dialog: smile.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: (3) 16
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: See, Daphne has a predilection for
dialog: the company of Negroes. She likes
text: jazz and pigs feet and dark meat,
dialog: know what I mean.
text: The insult takes Easy off guard but he should've known.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: So you think she might be down in
dialog: Watts.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: I'm sure of it. But I can't go
dialog: looking for her myself because I'm
dialog: not of the right persuasion, so to
dialog: speak. I've been asking Joppy for
dialog: over a week, but all he could do
dialog: was introduce me to you.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Just get a location on her. Mr.
dialog: Carter wants to make up with her...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: That's all.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: That's all.
text: He pulls out a brown secretary-type wallet and counts out 10
text: ten-dollar bills into a neat stack next to the whiskey.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: One hundred dollars, and I pay in
dialog: advance.
text: Easy eyes the money. All he has to do is pick it up.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I just have to tell you where she
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: That's right. And keep it, you
dialog: know, confidential...
text: He freshens Easy's drink and Easy eyes the money some more.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: (4) 16
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Joppy tells me you used to frequent
text: an illegal club down on Eighty-
dialog: ninth and Central. Somebody saw
dialog: Daphne there a few nights ago. You
dialog: could start tonight.
text: Easy takes a drink and looks again at the money.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. JOHN'S PLACE (MARKET) - NIGHT 17
text: Stripped down to its dark, naked self, Central Avenue has
text: drawn a crowd from all over town. Neon glistens off slick
text: pomade and silk clings to the contours of simmering flesh.
dialog: An outrage to police even before the era of Police Chief
text: Parker's personal crusade, a squad car sits idling while two
text: dicks in blue manhandle a brother in a grey sharkskin zoot
text: suit, prodding and whapping with nightsticks, searching for
dialog: something -- anything -- because his date is a young white
text: woman. A few onlookers stand back watching, but since this
text: white woman is not Daphne Monet, Easy only glances and walks
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: 18 INT. JOHN'S BAR 18
text: Easy sees his fifth white MAN that day in a disheveled but
text: expensive dark blue suit staggering toward him, reeking of
dialog: gin.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Hey, colored brother. I need you
dialog: to do somethin' for me--
speaker_heading: O.S. WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Go on. What'd I tell you about
dialog: hair-assing my customers.
text: Easy looks over to see HATTIE PARSONS, the small, brown-
text: skinned manager of the place, glaring daggers at the drunk
text: man while watching the commotion out the window.
text: Easy starts over toward Hattie and the drunk turns and tries
text: to grab Easy's arm. But his desperation causes him to trip
text: and he winds up sitting against the wall.
text: Easy steps over him and joins Hattie at the window.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: I just paid these damn cops and
dialog: they still roustin' my customers.
dialog: Well, that's what he gets for being
dialog: with that white woman.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 18 CONTINUED: 18
text: She walks over to the cash register of this neighborhood
text: corner store; and Easy follows, the drunk beckoning him to
text: bend down to talk as he passes.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Come on, brother help me...
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Don't worry 'bout him. I rung
dialog: Junior ten minutes ago to come get
dialog: him.
text: Easy pulls out two dollars and Hattie deposits them into the
dialog: till.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: I ain't got nobody tonight but Lips
dialog: and his trio -- Holiday came
dialog: through here last Tuesday.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Heavy FOOTSTEPS are heard pounding down a stairway in the
text: back of the store and big burly JUNIOR FORNAY lumbers in
text: with a cigarette hanging from his lips.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Where's he at?
text: Hattie points to the drunk man as he struggles to get to his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: Over there. Let Easy in upstairs
dialog: and when these cops leave throw his
dialog: ass out.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, Junior. What's goin' on?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Not too much. But stick around.
text: Junior leads the way back up the stairs.
speaker_heading: 19 OMIT 19
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: A20 INT. JOHN'S SPEAKEASY STAIRWELL A20
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You got a cigarette?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Sure.
text: He pulls out his pack and stops to light Easy up. Easy
text: starts coughing as they continue up the stairs.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Damn! How do you smoke these
dialog: things?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Don't you hafta work tomorrow?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Naw. I got fired.
text: A hint of a smile appears on Junior's face.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: The last time I heard these fellas
dialog: playin' tonight was back in
dialog: Houston, the night your ole buddy
dialog: Mouse had to pull me up off your
dialog: ass.
text: Easy grins and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: That's the way you remember it,
dialog: hunh?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hell, that's the way it was.
text: And he stops to unlock the door.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: When you gonna admit that you
dialog: helped Mouse kill old man
dialog: Navrochet?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Aw, man, get off that. I ain't had
dialog: nothin' to do with that.
text: Junior opens the door and Lips' alto horn slaps Easy in the
text: face. Half of Houston, Texas seems to be jammed into this
dialog: place.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: A20 CONTINUED: A20
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Boy, it's happenin' tonight.
dialog: Where's all the white women at?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I don't pay them white girls no
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Yeah... I bet you don't.
text: And he steps in.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: That's right. Just like you didn't
text: help mouse kill his stepfather.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Go on, man.
text: And he starts away inside.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hey, Easy. Did you help him kill
dialog: his stepbrother, too?
text: Easy turns to glare at Junior and the surly field hand slaps
text: his thigh and roars with laughter as he closes the door.
text: After all these years the two men still hate each other.
scene_heading: 20 INT. JOHN'S SPEAKEASY 20
text: Easy looks around to see couples trying to dance; finding
text: themselves wrestling between tables packed with five and six
dialog: people each.
text: He heads for the bar pointing a finger at a man in a black
text: silk shirt and a foot-high pompadour hairdo.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Alphonso Jenkins!
text: ALPHONSO flashes pearls.
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Hey, Easy!
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, man, you seen a girl named
dialog: Dahlia or somethin'... White girl
dialog: supposed to be somethin' to look
dialog: at.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: ALPHONSO
dialog: Naw, but if I see her I'm gonna
dialog: keep her to myself.
text: Easy claps him on the shoulder and waves at skinny RITA COOK
text: who is sitting at a table with five MEN.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Hey, Baby.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, Rita!
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: What do they see in you?
text: Finally, Easy spots a fifty-year-old MAN in an old grey
text: tweed jacket sitting in a corner at a table by himself.
text: Looking like the God fearing, all fearing Baptist deacon
text: that he is -- he is as out of place as a whore in church as
text: he nervously gazes about the room and massacres a plate of
text: barbecued ribs.
text: Easy leans over the counter to the bartender.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, Lewis. Gimme a couple glasses
text: and a pail of ice and send a quart
text: of bourbon over there to Odell's
dialog: table.
text: Lewis scoops up ice into a small bucket and plops it onto
text: the bar with two short glasses.
text: Easy lays a dollar on the counter and carries the set up
text: over to the corner as he watches...
speaker_heading: THE BAND
dialog: burn it up.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Easy stops at Odell's table.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, Odell.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Easy.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: How's it going tonight?
text: Odell doesn't miss a bite as he scopes the crowd.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 20 CONTINUED: (2) 20
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Well... It's goin' alright. It
dialog: sure is goin'.
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: Easy Rawlins, is that you?
text: Easy looks up to see
text: DUPREE, a big black man with a wide white grin in a white
text: suite with blue pinstripes and a ten-gallon hat.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: You ain't jumped outta no windows
dialog: yet?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Not yet, Dupree.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Miss you down at the plant... You
dialog: know Coretta, don't ya?
text: He has her in tow like a toy wagon and she offers a coy
text: smile. Short and roundish with cherry-brown skin, she leads
text: with her bosom.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, Coretta, how are ya?
text: Coretta rests her sloe-eyes on Easy and Odell and the church
text: going man almost chokes.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Oh, my goodness.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: Could we sit down with y'all?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Sure. Sure.
text: Dupree and Coretta settle in.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: You know Benny just wants you to
dialog: say you're sorry, Easy. And he'll
dialog: give you your job back.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I'm a sorry man, all right. Any
dialog: man without his paycheck is sorry.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: 20 CONTINUED: (3) 20
text: Dupree laughs, smacking the table so hard it rattles like an
text: earthquake. And Coretta's smile ignites like a slow fuse
text: causing Easy to feel it all the way down his spine.
text: A man with his hair marcelled back swoops in and pulls a
text: quart of Old Crow from his overcoat and sits it on the
dialog: table.
text: Easy reaches for his wallet but Dupree beats him to it.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: I got it, Easy. Your money ain't
dialog: no good up in here.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Naw, Dupree. This one's mine--
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: You sure? You the one outta work.
text: Coretta frowns at Dupree as Easy counts out three dollars.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: And you're the one ain't never got
dialog: no money.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Aw, Baby...
dialog: (to bootlegger)
dialog: Get us another couple glasses.
text: And he peels off a dollar and hands it off.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Either one of y'all seen a white
dialog: girl named Dahlia or somethin' with
dialog: a 'D'?
text: Odell shakes his head "no," and Coretta looks away as if
dialog: insulted leaving silence until
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Hey, Coretta got a new job at the
dialog: phone company.
text: He squeezes his woman in close and Coretta softens up and
dialog: burns that smile again.
text: Easy grins and nods "congratulations."
scene_heading: 21 THE BOTTLE 21
text: It's less than a quarter full now because it's three hours
dialog: later.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: 21 CONTINUED: 21
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: John's is only half full and the band is gone. The jukebox
text: echoes Lena Horne's "Prisoner of Love" and Dupree leans back
text: in his chair, snoring -- mouth wide open.
text: Odell gets up and starts to amble off.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, you goin' home, Odell?
text: Concentrating totally on keeping his balance, Odell waves
text: feebly without looking back.
text: Easy is droopy-eyed from the booze but Coretta just looks a
text: little sexier. She straightens Dupree's hat on his head and
text: twists up her nose.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: He used to play till the cock
dialog: crowed. But that ole cock don't
dialog: crow nearly so much now...
text: She levels her perpetual "come on" onto Easy and he nods
text: sluggishly and lifts himself to his feet.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Think I'm gonna head out.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: You be sorry if you go.
text: She slides her hand inside her blouse and discreetly lifts
text: her bodice to air her breasts.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I think I'd be more sorry if I
dialog: stay...
text: He turns to go.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: Daphne sleep by now. You can't get
dialog: none of that tonight.
text: Easy turns and Coretta plays with the ice in her glass.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: You been telling everybody Dahlia,
dialog: but her name is Daphne.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You know her?
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 21 CONTINUED: (2) 21
text: Coretta leans back and fans her bosom.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. CORETTA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 22
text: Easy struggles with Dupree, and Coretta gives him a hand as
text: they drag him from Easy's car to her front door, the big
text: man's feet plowing two deep furrows in the lawn.
scene_heading: 23 INT. CORETTA'S HOUSE 23
text: Coretta pushes the door open and Easy hauls him in.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: Throw him in there on the bed,
dialog: Easy.
text: Easy pulls and pushes Dupree's dead weight into
speaker_heading: THE BEDROOM
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: Throwed him outta his place, 'cause
dialog: he couldn't pay the rent. I
dialog: shouldn't even let him sleep here.
text: Finally Easy manages to pile Dupree onto the bed and then
text: stands up panting and sweating.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Damn...
text: Coretta leads him out into
scene_heading: 24 THE LIVING ROOM 24
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I need a cigarette.
text: Coretta shines her hazel eyes on him.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: That all you need?
text: Easy grins nervously and clears his throat.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Coretta, sun catch me tip-toein'
dialog: out your door and no tellin' what
dialog: your neighbors say...
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: CORETTA
text: Dupree run through his money, fall
dialog: asleep on me. And you just gonna
dialog: walk out on me like I was dog
dialog: food...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You got a man in the other room...
dialog: Why don't you tell me 'bout your
dialog: friend Daphne?
text: Coretta strolls up to Easy, pressing her body against his.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: Why you keep askin' 'bout her?
dialog: Colored women ain't good enough for
dialog: you no more?
text: She undoes a button on his shirt and kisses his chest, and
text: unbuttons another working her way down. Easy sweats harder
text: than when he was lifting Dupree.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What if he hears somethin'?
speaker_heading: CORETTA (O.S.)
dialog: Way he snorin'?
scene_heading: ON THE SOFA - MINUTES LATER
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: Oh yeah, daddy. You hittin' my
dialog: spot! Oh yeah... yeah!
text: The top of her dress undone, Coretta is straddling Easy who
text: is hitting her spot and his too, in a rhythm. Eyes
text: closed, he bites his lip to hold in the ecstasy so as not to
text: awaken Dupree, who is sawing logs -- shredding 'em -- in the
dialog: bedroom.
text: Suddenly Coretta tears herself off of him and sits back on
text: his knees. Easy writhes and shakes like a power line
text: shorting out.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: (coy, shy)
dialog: Oooh, that's just too good, Easy.
text: Easy tries to pull her back but she twists down to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: I can't give up that much love,
dialog: daddy, not the way things is.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: (2) 24
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: What things?
text: She shushes him with a finger and twists her head toward the
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: You know, Dupree's right there in
text: the next room.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (full voice)
dialog: Forget about him! You got me
dialog: goin', Coretta!
text: Coretta quiets him again and he comes back to his senses.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: But it ain't right, Easy. Here I
dialog: am doin' this right in the next
dialog: room and all you doin' is nosin'
dialog: after my friend Daphne...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Daphne?
dialog: (and then remembers)
dialog: Oh, yeah... I ain't after her,
dialog: baby. That's just a job.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: What job?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Man wants me to find her.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: What man?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Who cares, what man? I don't want
dialog: nobody but you...
text: He pulls her toward him but she pushes him away.
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: But Daphne's my friend--
text: Frustrated, he sits back against the sofa and Coretta,
text: sensing that he is snapping out of her spell, slides forward
text: onto him giving him her spot again. And within moments
text: they are back at it.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: (3) 24
speaker_heading: CORETTA
dialog: Oh, baby. Oh, daddy, you hittin'
dialog: my spot! Oh, yeah...
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: I went on hittin' her spot until
text: just before sun-up.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 25 EXT. CORETTA'S HOUSE - DAWN 25
text: The sky is light purple as Easy stumbles down Coretta's
text: porch. She waves half-heartedly and closes the door as he
text: straightens his clothes and looks around for any "witnesses"
text: on his way to his car.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 26 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - DAY 26
text: Easy's Pontiac pulls to a stop in front and he gets out.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: It occurred to me that Coretta had
dialog: found out a lot more about what I
dialog: was up to than I had wanted her to.
dialog: But I had found out that the rich
dialog: man's woman had a colored
dialog: boyfriend... It had cost me a
dialog: sawbuck to get Coretta to give me
dialog: that information... Well, let's
dialog: just say somethin' had cost me ten
dialog: dollars.
scene_heading: 27 INT. EASY'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - LATER 27
text: Golden morning light streams in through the window.
text: Outside, a dog is barking at a bird on the fence.
text: Coffee percolates on the stove and Easy walks over and pours
text: himself a cup. He moves to the breakfast table and sits
text: down by the window looking out onto the street as he opens
text: up a blue envelope in a stack of mail.
text: Gradually he begins to silently mouth the words and sits up,
text: his eyes getting bigger until he finds himself reading
text: aloud.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: "Since Etta Mae has left me and I
dialog: am a bachelor I figured I could
dialog: come out and visit and we burn down
dialog: the town...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 27 CONTINUED: 27
speaker_heading: EASY (CONT'D)
dialog: Write me and tell me when's a good
dialog: time."
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Aw shit.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - DAY 28
text: Easy waters his lawn in deep thought.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: The letter from Mouse was worrying
dialog: me in more ways than one... All I
dialog: had to do was call Albright to earn
dialog: the hundred dollars I already had
dialog: in my pocket... But the last time I
dialog: got money that easy I got it from
dialog: Mouse -- fifty dollars -- And the
dialog: next day I had to join the Army to
dialog: leave town.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: 29 INT. STOLEN CAR - NIGHT 29
text: A younger Easy is driving, his hair greased up high in a
text: pompadour with a pencil line moustache framing his top lip.
text: A man in a wide brim Homburg hat looks away out the
text: passenger window.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Drive to the trainyard, Easy!
dialog: Let's dump this damn thing.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (suddenly alarmed)
dialog: This ain't your friend's car?
dialog: What'd you do Mouse?
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: (still looking away)
dialog: Just drive this sumbitch!
text: The drone of the engine takes us
dialog: 30 BACK TO SCENE 30
text: A TRUCK with a whole family's belongings tied down onto a
text: flatbed rolls up. A WOMAN and a bunch of KIDS fill up the
dialog: cab.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Bye, Easy!
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Where you goin', Sophie?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Back to Texas... It's too fast for
dialog: me out here.
text: She waves and keeps on trucking.
text: He watches her wistfully and then catches sight of
text: THE WOODCUTTER across the street in a neighbor's front yard,
text: axe in hand, about to swing on a lemon tree.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Get away from there!
text: He picks up a rock and throws it, and then chucks another
text: sending the scruffy vagabond wheeling his barrow off down
dialog: the street.
text: Easy shuts off the water and walks back up on his porch. He
text: picks up a glass of lemonade that sits at the foot of a
text: chair on top of
speaker_heading: A NEWSPAPER
text: A front page heading reads "CARTER'S WITHDRAWAL LEAVES TERAN
text: ON TOP." Below it
text: A PHOTOGRAPH of a smiling Matthew Teran, with lips too thick
text: for a white man, getting out of a limousine.
text: 31 O.S. THE PHONE IS RINGING. It's 31
speaker_heading: LATER - NIGHT
text: Easy is asleep on the porch. Finally, he wakes up to the
text: ringing and heads into the house.
scene_heading: 32 INT. EASY'S HOUSE - BEDROOM 32
text: Easy flops on the bed and lifts the phone off a cherry wood
dialog: nightstand.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: Mr. Rawlins, I've been expecting
dialog: your call.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What?
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: I hope you have good news for me.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Mr. Albright, is that you?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Sure is, Easy. What's shakin'?
text: Easy clears his head. He has slept away the day.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I got what you want. She's with--
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Hold on to that, Easy. I like to
dialog: look a man in the face when we do
dialog: business. Meet me at the
text: Fisherman's Pier in Malibu at the
text: hamburger stand in an hour.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Uh... I don't know about that Mr.
dialog: Albright -- Mr. Albright?
text: He realizes that Albright has hung up, and swears under his
dialog: breath.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY - NIGHT 33
text: The headlights from Easy's car illuminate the cliffs that
text: fall alongside the winding two-lane highway.
scene_heading: 34 INT. EASY'S CAR - NIGHT 34
text: Easy is cautious, checking the rearview mirror more often
dialog: than usual.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: I wasn't used to going to white
dialog: communities, like Malibu, to
dialog: conduct business. Champion
dialog: Aircraft was in Santa Monica but I
dialog: drove out there in the daytime, did
dialog: my work and came home. I never
dialog: loitered nowhere except among my
dialog: own people, in my own neighborhood.
scene_heading: A35 EXT. MALIBU PIER - PARKING LOT - NIGHT A35
text: The lights from the pier can be seen in the distance as Easy
text: parks his car. And the voices of teenagers in raucous
text: conversation can be heard above Glenn Miller's big band
text: playing "Silhouette In The Moonlight" on the jukebox.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: A35 CONTINUED: A35
text: Easy gets out and starts toward the pier.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. MALIBU PIER - NIGHT 35
text: Easy walks past the hamburger stand and on to the railing
text: that looks out over the ocean.
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: Hi.
text: He spins around and sees a chubby 17-year-old white GIRL in
text: a tight-fitting skirt.
text: He nods respectfully and turns away to look out at the
text: water, hoping she'll leave.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: It's pretty out here, huh?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah. It's all right.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I'm from Des Moines in Iowa. Where
dialog: are you from?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (without looking back)
dialog: Huh?... Uh... Texas...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Do they have an ocean in Texas?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: The Gulf, they have the Gulf.
text: She leans on the rail next to Easy and he glances over his
text: shoulder, seeing a couple of the young men looking around
dialog: like they've lost someone.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I think they're looking for you.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Who cares? My sister brought me
dialog: 'cause my parents made her. All
dialog: she wants to do is make out with
dialog: Herman and smoke cigarettes.
scene_heading: PIMPLY-FACED BOY
dialog: Hey, you! What are you doing?
text: The five-foot-six-inch twenty-year-old charges straight up
dialog: to Easy.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Leave him alone, Herman! We were
dialog: just talking!
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: You were, huh?
dialog: (to Easy)
dialog: We don't need you talking to our
dialog: women.
text: Easy braces himself as five of Herman's FRIENDS rush over,
text: including one built like a football player.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL
dialog: Hey! What's wrong?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
text: Nigger's trying to pick up Barbara.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Leave him alone! We were just
dialog: talking about the ocean!
speaker_heading: BARBARA'S SISTER
dialog: Barbara!
text: Football gets right in Easy's face.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL
dialog: Hey, fella, what's wrong with you?
text: A couple of the other boys have picked up sticks and are
text: surrounding Easy against the rail.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't want no trouble.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL
dialog: You already got trouble, boy.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Listen... I was just being polite.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: No, you weren't. You were talkin'
dialog: about the ocean!
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Easy sees Albright's Panama hat appear behind Football.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: 35 CONTINUED: (2) 35
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL
dialog: What do you want?
text: And he whirls around to Albright's smiling face, just in
text: time to see him pull that rifle-like pistol from inside his
text: coat, leveling it at his eyes.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: I want to see brains. I want you
dialog: to die for me.
text: Albright cocks the hammer. It sounds like a bone breaking,
text: and Barbara starts crying in her sister's arms.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I'm sorry, sir.
text: Easy nods but Albright is not satisfied.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: The question is: "Are you sorry
dialog: enough?"
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Then prove it... Show him... Get
dialog: down on your knees and suck his
dialog: peter.
text: Football starts crying.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (to Albright)
dialog: I think he got the point--
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (to Football)
dialog: You heard me.
text: He presses the barrel to the boy's forehead and Football
text: goes down to his knees. The other young men look on in
dialog: horror.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Son of a gun. You were gonna do
dialog: it, weren't you?
text: THUNK! He slaps the barrel of the pistol into the side of
text: the boy's head. Football screams and the others scatter.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 35 CONTINUED: (3) 35
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Sick bastard.
text: THUNK! He smacks him again, and blood is everywhere.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Get out of here. You call the
dialog: cops, I'll kill ya!
text: Football manages to stagger to his feet and stumbles away
text: into the darkness back out toward the parking lot.
text: 36 Albright wipes his gun with a handkerchief and slides it 36
text: back into the holster.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: I don't think they'd dare call the
dialog: cops.
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: But it'll cost me a few bucks if
dialog: they do.
text: He claps Easy on the back as if it's all been in fun and
text: giggles like a kid on his way toward the hamburger stand.
text: Easy looks at him numbly and tags alongside, clutching his
text: anger in tightly clenched jaws.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: What you got, Easy?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You sure no harm is gonna come to
dialog: that woman 'cause of me?
text: Albright doesn't break stride.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Course not. Mr. Carter wants to
dialog: buy her a gold ring and live
dialog: happily ever after -- What do ya
dialog: got?
text: Easy exhales, feeling trapped, but he's come this far...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Woman told me she's with a man
dialog: named Frank Green.
text: Albright stops; the charm gone, he's all business.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Where?
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: He's got an apartment at the Skyler
text: Arms on Skyler and Eighty-third.
text: Albright scribbles it down on a note pad.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: EASY
text: Frank's a gangster. A hijacker...
dialog: Liquor and cigarettes. He's real
text: good with a knife.
text: Albright is unable to suppress a smile.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Ever seen him in action?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Naw. I just heard about him.
text: Albright, still grinning, pulls out the brown "secretary"
text: and counts out more bills.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Here's another hundred.
text: He shoves the money into Easy's hand.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Buy ya a burger, Easy?
text: He starts into the screen door of the hamburger stand but
text: Easy declines.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No thanks, Mr. Albright.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: How come you let those boys get
dialog: around you like that? War hero
dialog: should have been able to pick 'em
dialog: off one by one before they got you
text: against the rail.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't kill children.
text: For some reason this is hilarious to Albright. He throws
text: his head back and wheezes out an almost silent belly laugh,
text: then winds down.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: 36 CONTINUED: (2) 36
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Take it easy.
text: He disappears into the hamburger joint and Easy walks away
text: back toward his car.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - NIGHT 37
text: Easy pulls in front of his house and notices a dark Ford
text: parked across the street as he gets out of his car.
text: A tall, skinny white MAN in a dark blue suit gets out just
text: ahead of his slightly shorter and heavyset FRIEND.
text: Easy watches them as he moves toward his walkway.
speaker_heading: SKINNY MAN
dialog: Mr. Rawlins.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah.
text: They approach fast but cautiously, the fat one with a hand
text: in his pocket.
speaker_heading: SKINNY MAN
dialog: Mr. Rawlins, I'm Miller and this is
dialog: my partner, Mason.
text: They both hold out badges. Mason is a slob with grease
text: spots on his wrinkled tan suit.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: We want you to come with us.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You'll see.
text: And he takes Easy by the arm.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You arresting me?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You'll see.
text: And he starts pulling Easy toward the street.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I got a right to know why you're
dialog: taking--
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 37 CONTINUED: 37
text: WHOMP! Easy takes one to the diaphragm, and as he doubles
text: over the fat detective slips the handcuffs on behind his
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You got a right to fall down and
dialog: break your face, nigger. You got a
dialog: right to die.
text: The two cops drag Easy to the car and dump him into the back
text: seat where he lies gagging as the car whisks away.
scene_heading: 38 INT. POLICE STATION 38
text: Easy's head sags down as he's dragged through the front door
text: past blurred blue bodies that talk.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN (O.S.)
dialog: You got 'im, huh, Miller?
speaker_heading: MILLER (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, we got him coming home.
dialog: Nothing on 'im.
text: A door opens and Easy finds himself being flung inside.
scene_heading: 39 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM 39
text: On his knees he hears the door close and looks up at a
text: single, bare wooden chair resting on the corroded linoleum
dialog: floor.
text: He crawls to one of the urine-stained corners, and looks down
text: on a dry, flat corpse of a mouse. He pushes his shoulder
text: against the unpainted plaster until he's standing and then
text: stumbles over to the chair and sits. He looks up at the
text: bare pipes that run along the ceiling, dripping water, and
text: at a window with criss-cross chairs instead of glass framing,
text: overgrown branches and leaves pushing their way in.
text: THE DOOR opens and Miller comes in first carrying a
dialog: notebook.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Ezekiel Rawlins.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Mason follows and closes the door.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: We can take off the cuffs if you
dialog: wanna cooperate.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I'm cooperating.
text: Miller motions to Mason and he removes the cuffs.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Where were you this morning at
dialog: about five A.M.?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (stalling)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: He means--
text: He plants his foot in Easy's chest and pushes him over
dialog: backwards.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: --this morning.
text: Easy has caught himself and stands back up.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't know... I was out drinkin'
dialog: and I helped carry a friend home.
dialog: I could've been on my way home... I
dialog: don't know... I didn't look at a
dialog: clock...
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: (wandering over)
text: He didn't look at a clock.
text: WHOCK! Easy takes a fist to the ear and struggles to keep
text: his balance, wiping away blood streaming down.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: You were drinkin' down on Eighty-
dialog: ninth and Central... At an illegal
dialog: club called John's, weren't you?
text: Mason moves again but this time Easy turns to face him and
text: the fat man looks back with an innocent face, his palms
dialog: turned up.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: You may as well answer 'cause you
dialog: got bigger troubles than us bustin'
text: an illegal bar, Ezekiel.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What do you mean? What's goin' on?
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: 39 CONTINUED: (2) 39
text: Mason has taken off his shoe and is swatting it against the
text: palm of his hand.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Means we can take your black ass
text: out behind the station and put a
dialog: bullet in your head.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Now. What time did you leave
dialog: Coretta James' house this morning?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I guess about five... five-
dialog: thirty...
text: Miller and Mason glance at each other, and Mason kicks the
text: chair over toward Easy.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Sit down.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Why, I'm gonna sit down and you
dialog: keep trying to knock me down?
text: But he sits down anyway.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Did you go back and see Miss James
dialog: later in the day?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Did you and Dupree Brouchard have
dialog: words over Miss James?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You heard 'im. Did you two argue
dialog: over Coretta James?
speaker_heading: EASY
text: Naw. He was asleep.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: She went to sleep too, Ezekiel.
dialog: But she won't be waking up...
text: Easy's face goes sick...
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: 39 CONTINUED: (3) 39
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Where'd you go when you left Miss
dialog: James' house?
text: Easy is too stunned to answer.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You heard him, where'd you go?
text: Easy stares into space, answering in barely a whisper.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I went home with a hangover...
text: CHOONK! CHOONK! Mason fires off two punches and Easy grabs
text: his wrists and pulls him down to the floor, swinging around,
text: straddling Mason sitting on his ass...
text: Miller's police special presses into Easy's temple and
text: Miller speaks to him quietly, deadly.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Get up slow... Real fuckin' slow or
dialog: you know what's gonna happen.
text: Easy raises his hands and uncoils to his feet, backing away
dialog: cautiously.
text: Mason is winded and furious.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Okay. Let's take him out back.
text: He gets to his feet and reaches for his gun, but Miller
text: stops his hand.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: No. Let's go.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Bullshit, I'm gonna blow his--
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Let's go!
text: He pushes Mason toward the door.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch! Son-of-a-bitch!
text: They exit the door and Easy rubs at his bloody ear.
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. L.A. CITY JAIL - NIGHT 40
text: Easy walks down the steps of the station buttoning up his
text: top shirt button, his hand cupped to his aching ear to keep
text: out the chill of the night air.
text: The street is dark and deserted like a giant black alley
text: except for the black and white patrol car that sits at the
text: curb. A taut-faced officer leans out the window.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Hey, Buddy!... It's a long walk...
dialog: why don't you let us give you a
dialog: ride?
text: Easy walks across the street off into the darkness...
scene_heading: 41 EXT. FOURTH STREET BRIDGE - NIGHT 41
text: A snatch of MUSIC and LAUGHTER startles Easy as he trudges
text: home and a car full of teenagers shoots by. And then...
scene_heading: A BLACK CADILLAC LIMOUSINE
text: cruises up behind and drives alongside.
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM CAR
dialog: Hey, you! Ezekiel Rawlins!
text: The window rolls down all the way and a white face in a
text: black cap appears in the window.
speaker_heading: CHAUFFEUR
dialog: Ezekiel, hold on.
text: Easy keeps walking.
speaker_heading: CHAUFFEUR
dialog: Come on, fella. Somebody in the
dialog: back wants to talk to you.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't have time right now.
text: He doubles his pace, almost running.
speaker_heading: CHAUFFEUR
dialog: Jump in. We'll take you. My boss
dialog: wants to talk to you.
text: Easy cuts behind the limo and into the street headed for the
text: other side of the bridge but
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 41 CONTINUED: 41
text: The Cadillac whips a U-turn blocking his way in the middle
text: of the street while cars pass, honking, on either side. The
text: tall angular chauffeur gets out of the car and holds up his
text: hands as if making peace.
text: Easy starts to make another move to escape but:
speaker_heading: CHAUFFEUR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Come on. If we wanted to hurt you
dialog: it would have already happened...
text: He opens the back door and after a few moments, Easy gets
dialog: in.
scene_heading: 42 INT. LIMOUSINE - NIGHT 42
text: Easy settles into the seat with his back to the driver.
text: Edith Piaf's "Parles Moi D'Amour" adds sugar to the strong
text: smell of cologne and the portly form of Matthew Teran sits
text: across from him with a small MEXICAN BOY in pajamas seated
text: next to him holding a small elephant.
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: I can see that the police roughed
dialog: you up a bit... That's a terrible
dialog: practice of theirs which has to
dialog: change, Mr. Rawlins... Has to
dialog: change.
text: He opens his gold cigarette case and offers Easy a
text: cigarette. Easy accepts and Teran lights them both up.
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: (continuing)
text: She was beaten. And died from a
text: heavy blow to the back of the head,
dialog: Mr. Rawlins.
text: Easy begins to feel nauseous.
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: The evening's events have caught my
dialog: adopted son and I quite off
dialog: guard... My household was asleep
dialog: when we got the call that the
dialog: police had a suspect in Coretta
dialog: James' murder... Did you know that
dialog: she was a friend of mine, Mr.
dialog: Rawlins!?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No I didn't, Mr. Teran.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: Oh, you know who I am?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I read the papers. You're runnin'
dialog: for mayor.
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: I am the next mayor, Mr. Rawlins...
dialog: And luckily for you, a friend of
dialog: the Negro... When I arrived at the
dialog: station I knew right off that you
dialog: were being improperly detained as
dialog: is Coretta's boyfriend, Dupree
dialog: Brouchard. It's this sort of thing
dialog: that my administration will not
dialog: tolerate, Mr. Rawlins. Absolutely
dialog: will not...
text: He sits back in his seat self righteously and offers a nod
text: of assurance and awaits Easy's gratitude... Then after a
dialog: moment...
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Yes... Coretta answered phones for
dialog: a while in my campaign office on
dialog: 103rd and Western. In fact my
dialog: people got her a job in the phone
dialog: company. So when I heard what had
dialog: happened I got out of bed
dialog: immediately, personally because of
dialog: my concern... Was anyone there with
dialog: you Mr. Rawlins besides Mr. Dupree
dialog: Brouchard?... Any... other friends
dialog: of Coretta's?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, sir...
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: No young lady perhaps?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Nobody...
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: Of course not, Mr. Rawlins. And
dialog: why should you tell a man whom
dialog: you've only just met. But, believe
dialog: me, Mr. Rawlins. You can trust me.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 42 CONTINUED: (2) 42
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: There was no one else.
text: Teran's face sags with disappointment and then...
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: Well don't worry, Mr. Rawlins... I
dialog: won't tolerate your being
dialog: harassed... You or any of my
dialog: constituency -- I was a city
dialog: councilman in the Watts area for
dialog: two terms with a large contingent
dialog: of colored -- I value all of my
dialog: supporters equally... humble though
dialog: they may be -- where can we drop
dialog: you, Mr. Rawlins?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You can let me out here.
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: Are you sure, Mr. Rawlins? This
dialog: must be quite out of your way.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: It's okay.
text: The little boy stares up at Easy through big, dark almond-
text: shaped eyes in the silence that follows. And then, Teran
text: picks up the ivory horn that hangs next to his head.
speaker_heading: TERAN
text: Norman, pull the car over.
scene_heading: 43 EXT. WAREHOUSE AREA - NIGHT 43
text: The limousine stops and Easy pushes the door open and gets
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TERAN
dialog: Mr. Rawlins, may I offer you cab
dialog: fare?
text: Teran's stubby fingers hold out crumpled bills.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No thanks.
text: Easy closes the door and watches the long Cadillac glide
dialog: away.
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: 43 CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: There had been nights during the
dialog: war that I still had trouble
dialog: claiming as part of my life...
dialog: Insane nights I wasn't sure ever
dialog: really happened. And here I was
dialog: again... Had I really just gotten
text: out of a rich man's car who was
dialog: runnin' for mayor?.. Running
dialog: against the man I was supposed to
dialog: be working for... Was he really
dialog: lookin' for the same woman I was
dialog: trying to find? My ear was killin'
dialog: me and the buses had stopped
dialog: running. And I was feeling sick...
dialog: Sick from wondering if I had really
dialog: hard that Coretta was dead.
scene_heading: 44 INT. EASY'S HOUSE - BEDROOM 44
text: The room is a mess; trousers strewn here, shirt and shoes
text: over there. And from the corners are haunting, ghostly
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: CORETTA'S VOICE
dialog: You be sorry if you go...
dialog: (heavy breathing)
dialog: I can't give up that much love,
dialog: daddy, not the way things is.
text: A PINT OF BOURBON, 3/4 full, sits atop the cherry wood
text: nightstand. Another empty bottle lies next to it on its
text: side, in front of a water glass with 1/2 inch of liquor at
dialog: the bottom.
text: EASY'S HEAD rests on a pillow on the bed behind it,
text: sweating, tossing and turning as the ghost gets louder.
speaker_heading: CORETTA'S VOICE
dialog: Oh yeah, daddy. You hittin' my
dialog: spot... Oh yeah... oh yeah...
text: The voice of the ghost is reaching closer for his ear.
speaker_heading: CORETTA'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, that's just too good, Easy. Oh
dialog: daddy... oh yeah...
text: The voice is right up in his face.
speaker_heading: CORETTA'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, baby. Oh, daddy, yeah... Oh
dialog: yeah!! Oh Yea-a-h!!
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
text: SCREAM. He jerks up, awake, and the phone is RINGING. It
text: jingles a couple more times and Easy almost knocks the
text: receiver out of its cradle reaching for it.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (a woman's)
dialog: Hello? Is this Mr. Rawlins?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Daphne... Daphne Monet...
text: He sits straight up.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: You're looking for me.
text: A pause on the line.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: I think you should come and talk to
dialog: me, Mr. Rawlins... alone.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Look, it's late--
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Mr. Rawlins, Coretta has been
dialog: killed...
dialog: Another pause.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: And if you don't want any trouble
dialog: from the police then you'll come...
dialog: And you won't tell anyone that
dialog: you're coming.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Now wait a minute, Daphne. I don't
dialog: know nothin' about all this
dialog: stuff...
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: I'm at the Sunridge Motel on 112th
dialog: and Grand, Room 102.
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 44 CONTINUED: (2) 44
text: Easy holds his hands up, helplessly -- "what do you want
text: from me?" -- but no one can see and she has hung up the
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. SUNRIDGE MOTEL - NIGHT 45
text: It's a Spanish-style set of rooms with tile roofs set around
text: a square parking lot.
text: Easy's car pulls into the alley behind it.
text: He gets out and scans the area looking down from a rise at
text: the back entrance to the parking lot. And then walks down.
speaker_heading: 46 OMIT 46
scene_heading: 47 EXT. SUNRIDGE MOTEL - ROOM 102 - NIGHT 47
text: Before Easy can knock, he hears:
speaker_heading: DAPHNE (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Rawlins?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah.
text: The door opens and she's standing there, more beautiful than
text: the photograph. They take each other in for a moment before
text: she steps back from the door.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Please come in.
scene_heading: 48 INT. MOTEL ROOM 48
text: It's a regular drab, cheap motel that she has given a warmer
text: touch with colorful scarves draped over the two lamps.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Would you like a drink?
text: She indicates a pint of scotch on the dresser with an empty
text: glass and one that she's been drinking from.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, thanks.
text: She indicates the chair.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Please sit down.
text: She's wearing a blue dress that's plain, cutting just below
text: her knee with a ceramic pin just over her left breast.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 48 CONTINUED: 48
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: What happened to you? Have you
dialog: been fighting?
text: Easy stubs out his cigarette in an ashtray and sits down.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Why don't you just tell me what you
dialog: want?
text: She sits down too, her calm but brittle exterior betrayed at
text: the hands. She stops wringing them when she sees that he
text: notices and takes a drink -- more medicine than pleasure.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: I should be asking you that
dialog: question. Why have you been asking
dialog: about me?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I heard about you. Fellas at
dialog: John's said you were something to
dialog: see.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: So...? You've found me.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Uh... yeah... Guess I have. But
dialog: you got a boyfriend I don't want no
dialog: part of... Frank Green.
text: She lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: You can stop pretending, Mr.
dialog: Rawlins. I know someone hired you
dialog: to look for me. In fact I had to
dialog: pay Coretta not to tell you where I
dialog: was... you know how Coretta is...
dialog: (forces a weak smile)
dialog: She told me you two became 'good
dialog: friends' yesterday...
text: (tears gather in her
dialog: eyes)
dialog: I talked to her this morning before
dialog: she died.
dialog: (regaining control)
dialog: I... uh... need to go across town
dialog: to see someone. It's very
dialog: important... I can't seem to reach
dialog: him by phone. I'm afraid I'd
dialog: better have someone go with me.
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (2) 48
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Uh... Miss Monet--
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Call me Daphne.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Daphne--
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: I can understand why you'd be
dialog: nervous... because I threatened you
dialog: with Coretta... I'm very sorry, but
dialog: I couldn't think of any other way
dialog: to get you to come.
text: She takes another drink and stubs out her cigarette though
text: it's less than a third gone.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I can't -- why don't you ask Frank?
text: She gets up and starts to pace nervously about the room.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: He's out of town -- I... I'm
dialog: willing to pay you.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: That's nice of you but, see, I'm
dialog: not really a detective--
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: --I know that.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I was just hired to ask around to
dialog: try to find you for a man--
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: I know all about that, Mr. Rawlins.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: But this is a gettin' a little out of
dialog: hand--
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: --Mr. Rawlins--
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: --Easy.
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (3) 48
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy... If you don't help me, then
dialog: I'll call the police and tell them
dialog: that you were with Coretta before
dialog: she died and that you've been after
dialog: me too.
dialog: That stops Easy.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You'd do that?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Yes, I would. I don't want to but
dialog: I would.
text: She hates herself for threatening and decides to change
text: direction, moving in close.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Please let me pay you.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No. I can't do that.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't want no part of all this.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Please, I'll pay you twenty
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No dice.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Thirty... or even more. Name your
dialog: price.
text: She moves in closer, massaging with her voice.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Go ahead. There's gotta be
dialog: something that you want.
text: Her eyes make an offer, but he's a better man than me and
dialog: he's not taking.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (4) 48
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (angrily,
dialog: sarcastically)
dialog: What? Are you afraid I'll yell
dialog: rape or something?
text: She walks away and turns up her glass, her desperation, raw,
text: unguarded.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Uh, Miss Monet... Daphne, I'm sorry
dialog: but I really better be goin'.
text: He starts out and she runs to stop him.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, don't touch that door--
text: He opens it and
text: SCREAM! Like an alarm, she's SHRIEKING all of the scale.
text: 49 He looks out and sees 49
text: LIGHTS GOING ON in other rooms.
scene_heading: 50 BACK TO SCENE 50
text: He looks back frantically and grabs her by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Crazy assed broad! What the hell
dialog: are you doing?!
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: I'm really very sorry. I really
dialog: am.
text: She pulls on a coat and grabs her purse.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I didn't want to do this but...
dialog: Shall we?
text: She grabs an already packed suitcase and is out the door.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. LAUREL CANYON - NIGHT 51
text: Easy's Pontiac snakes up the winding road, city lights
text: glimmering in flashes below as it rounds the curves.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: 52 INT. EASY'S CAR - NIGHT 52
text: Ben Webster's "I've Got It Bad" plays on the road as Easy
text: shifts nervously in his seat, his eyes searching in the
text: rearview mirror and all around for headlights that might be
text: unfriendly. Daphne leans back against the passenger door,
text: taking him in.
text: Easy passes a police car pulled over to the side.
text: He looks in the rearview mirror and its headlights go on.
text: He takes a deep breath, bracing for the worst and Daphne
text: looks back concerned.
text: But the lights arch a U-turn and head back the other way.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: They must not have seen us that
dialog: well... God, Frank and I have been
dialog: pulled over so many times I
dialog: thought--
text: She catches herself and looks over at Easy.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Easy, I'm sorry... Don't be mad at
dialog: me.
text: Easy keeps his eyes on the road.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Come on.
text: She tries to touch his arm and he pulls away.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You really hate me, don't you?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: How much further is it?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
text: Around the next bend...
dialog: (she grins)
dialog: You remind me of Frank when he gets
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Ain't nothin' about me like Frank.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Your jaw sets just like his when--
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't get no kick outta risking
dialog: my life for some white woman's
dialog: entertainment.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (sighing)
text: Just park behind the Studebaker.
scene_heading: 53 EXT. RICHARD'S CABIN / INT. EASY'S PONTIAC 53
text: The Studebaker is parked at a deadend in the street. Easy
text: pulls in behind.
text: The cabin is so overgrown with ivy that all this is visible
text: is the mailbox and address.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Did you bring a gun or something?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What? No.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, that's not very smart.
text: Everybody carries a weapon now a
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Well then where's yours?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Search me sometime. You'll find
dialog: it.
text: She gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Damn...
text: He frowns and gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: 54 OMIT 54
scene_heading: 55 EXT. RICHARD'S CABIN - NIGHT 55
text: Daphne waits, clutching her suitcase and lets Easy lead the
dialog: way.
text: They get to the door and find it ajar. Easy takes a look
text: inside and then cautiously steps in.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: 56 INT. RICHARD'S CABIN - NIGHT 56
text: He flicks on the wall switch. It's a typical little
text: hideaway that the rich kept for summer use. The living
text: room, dining room, and kitchen are all in one with a long
text: counter separating the kitchen.
text: On the left is a wooden couch with a Mexican rug thrown
text: across it and a metal chair with tan cushions for the seat
text: and back. The opposite wall is all glass with the city
text: lights blinking in the distance.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Mr. McGee...
text: No answer. Easy leads them to a door and opens it.
speaker_heading: 57 BEDROOM 57
text: Another wall of glass and
text: A DEAD MAN spread out on the king-sized bed, with the
text: contents of the dresser and closet strewn all over the room.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Oh, my God!
text: She gags and backs out of the room with her hand over her
text: mouth in case she throws up.
text: Easy takes out a handkerchief and holds it over his mouth
text: and nose as he gets a closer look at the body.
text: It's the drunk white man he had seen at John's Speakeasy in
text: the same blue suit. He's lying on his back like a crucifix
text: with a butcher knife buried in his chest. There's blood
text: that has drained from his chest and gathered around his face
text: and hair so dark and thick you could scoop it up like Jello.
text: Easy actually does throw up and doubles over, dropping to a
text: knee to keep his balance and some control. He stays there
text: for several moments regaining his composure and then spots a
text: spilled ashtray and a cigarette butt. He lifts it off the
text: floor and smells it. He wipes his mouth with the
text: handkerchief and then wraps the butt inside and puts it in
text: his pocket. He gets up.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Daphne!
text: He hears a CAR ENGINE start up and GEARS SHIFTING. Then
text: runs out the door.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. RICHARD'S HOUSE - NIGHT 58
text: A pink Studebaker whips backward out the driveway. Easy
text: runs alongside trying to stop Daphne as she screeches into
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, wait a minute!
text: She speeds off down the canyon.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Dammit!
text: He stands in the middle of the street, watching her go.
scene_heading: 59 INT. EASY'S CAR - SUNRISE 59
text: Fiery orange light bounces off the hood of the car into
text: Easy's face as he turns the corner onto his block. He is
dialog: surprised to see
text: A WHITE CADILLAC parked in front of his house. And now it's
text: his front door that's open.
text: BACK TO EASY
text: He pulls in behind the Caddy and gets out.
scene_heading: 60 INT. EASY'S HOUSE 60
text: He pushes open the door. Shariff loiters just inside,
text: grinning at him, and Manny stands in the middle of the
text: living room looking at the floor. From a RADIO in another
text: room Tommy Dorsey plays "Blue Skies" with Frank Sinatra out
text: front. And so Easy walks past the two hoods into
speaker_heading: THE KITCHEN
text: Albright turns from looking out the backyard window with a
text: porcelain coffee cup cradled in his right hand.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Easy.
text: Easy looks at the coffee pot on the stove and again at
text: Albright, smiling loose and friendly but looking tired in
text: the same clothes he had on at the pier.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What you doin' in my house, man?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: I expected you to be home, so Manny
text: used a screwdriver on the door.
dialog: What happened to your face?
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You got no excuse to be breakin'
dialog: into my house -- What if I broke
dialog: into your place?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (still smiling)
dialog: I'd tear your nigger head out by
dialog: its root.
text: Easy boils inside and then goes over to the counter to pour
text: himself a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: So what do you want?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Where have you been this time of
dialog: morning, Easy?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I went to see a girl. Don't you
dialog: get none, Mr. Albright?
text: The smile leaves Albright's face and his eyes turn even
dialog: colder.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: I didn't come here to play, boy.
dialog: You got my money in your pocket and
dialog: we've been over at that address
dialog: waitin' all night for Frank Green
dialog: and now we've found out that he
dialog: moved from there over a year ago.
text: Easy is scared and confused but he plays it off.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: So what do you want me to do about
dialog: it? You don't think I did my job.
dialog: Shit, I give you the money back.
text: And he reaches for his pocket, but Albright reaches too --
text: and suddenly, Manny and Shariff are in the room and on Easy
text: like a vice. Albright presses the barrel of the .45 against
text: Easy's forehead.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Do you believe in God, Easy?
dialog: 'Cause I'm curious to see if death
dialog: is any different for a religious
dialog: man.
text: Easy looks down, away from the gun, and swallows hard.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: 60 CONTINUED: (2) 60
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I seen her.
text: After a moment, everyone relaxes and Easy sags out from
text: under their grip and staggers into
scene_heading: 61 THE LIVING ROOM 61
text: Manny and Shariff surround him as he sits down in a chair
text: and Albright stalks in holstering his gun.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: She called me. Had me drive up to
dialog: the Hollywood Hills.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: How'd she know about you?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I guess Coretta... the girl that
dialog: told me about Daphne and Frank
dialog: Green.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Why didn't you call me?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I couldn't. She threatened to tell
dialog: the cops that I had killed
dialog: Coretta...
text: Albright looks over at his henchmen.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: EASY
text: She took off.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (dangerously)
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't know! While I was looking
text: at the body she split.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Uh-hunh.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: 61 CONTINUED: 61
text: Albright looks around the room as if answers lie in the
text: corners, but he is not surprised to hear about a body.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: You call the cops?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I tried my best to keep in the
dialog: speed limit. That's all I did.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: What'd she do, take his car?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hunh?
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: McGee. Did she take his car?
text: Easy hesitates, "How did Albright know his name?"
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Uh... Yeah...
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Where'd you pick her up at?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: She left that place--
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: --Write it down!
text: To his shame Easy flinches and gets paper from his end
text: table, then scribbles down the address and hands it to
text: Albright who takes Easy's seat and examines the note.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Get me some whiskey, Easy.
text: Easy studies Albright who sits knees wide apart, now the
text: master of the house, and he can't help himself.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Get it yourself... Bottle's in the
dialog: cabinet.
text: Albright looks up and Easy braces himself for Albright to
text: bring on the end, all at once. But slowly a smile spreads
text: across Albright's face and he laughs, stamping his foot.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: 61 CONTINUED: (2) 61
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Well, I'll be damned. Get us a
dialog: drink, Manny... Easy, you're a
dialog: brave man. I need a brave man
dialog: working for me... But you gotta
dialog: find Frank Green, so he can lead us
text: to her.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, thanks, Mr. Albright. People
dialog: are gettin' killed all around me...
dialog: You never said anything about all
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Easy, you're connectable to two
dialog: murders. You'll do whatever I tell
dialog: you to do.
text: Manny brings Albright's drink and the captain turns it up
text: and gives Manny back the glass.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Now you got three days to find him.
dialog: And you make sure you count 'em
dialog: right.
text: He walks out the screen door with Manny and Shariff
dialog: following.
speaker_heading: 62 KITCHEN 62
text: Easy grabs the bottle from the counter, where Manny has left
text: it, and pours himself a stiff one. But he only stares into
dialog: the glass.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: 63 EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY 63
text: Dense black smoke masks everything but two vague figures in
text: a struggle. The BOOM of heavy artillery gives way only to
text: the deafening CHATTER of automatic fire.
text: We are hurtling forward into a horror-stricken Easy in
text: combat gear, repeatedly stabbing an already lifeless German
text: soldier. Tears are streaming down Easy's face, his mouth
text: gaped open in an inaudible SCREAM.
scene_heading: 64 BACK TO SCENE 64
text: He studies the glass and pushes it away. Then looks
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: 65 OUT THE WINDOW 65
text: Albright and his two goons get in the white Caddy and cruise
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: 66 BEDROOM 66
text: He dials the operator.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: I needed help... Albright didn't
dialog: flinch at hearing that Coretta was
dialog: dead and he seemed to know all
dialog: about Richard McGee too...
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (O.S.)
dialog: Number please...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Raymond Alexander on...
text: He pauses, speechless as
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (O.S.)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Forget about it, operator.
text: He hangs up, his eyes trained in thought.
scene_heading: A67 EXT. JOPPY'S BAR - DAY A67
text: A crowd has gathered along the street to watch a three
text: convertible car caravan: the first car bearing a four-place
text: band playing "Happy Days Are Here Again"; the second with
dialog: someone who could be Lana Turner holding up a "Teran for
text: Mayor" placard with a man in the front passenger seat
text: announcing through a megaphone; and last, but hardly least,
text: Matthew Teran blowing kisses and waving two small American
dialog: flags.
text: Easy looks up for a moment as he closes the trunk of his car
text: to watch the parade. Then stuffs a ball peen hammer in the
text: waistband at the small of his back, under his jacket.
text: He walks with a purpose into the open door next to the
dialog: butcher shop.
scene_heading: B67 INT. JOPPY'S BAR B67
text: Easy stops in the doorway, seeing
text: JOPPY as usual buffing the marble top of his bar. T-Bone
text: Walker's "They Call It Stormy Monday" is on the jukebox.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: B67 CONTINUED: B67
text: BACK TO EASY
text: He scans the bar and sees that there are no customers, and
text: walks in.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Hey, Easy.
text: Easy stops at the bar and stares at Joppy.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: That girl called me last night.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: What girl is that?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: The one your friend is lookin' for.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Uh, huh. That's pretty lucky,
dialog: hunh?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, Joppy... Wasn't no luck at all.
dialog: It was you.
text: Joppy inadvertently clenches his fists and notices Easy's
text: aggressive stance.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You and Coretta was the only ones
dialog: that had my phone number who knew I
dialog: was lookin' for her. And Coretta
dialog: was busy scammin' Daphne so she
dialog: wouldn't have done it... It was
dialog: you, man.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
text: Maybe she looked in the phone book.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I ain't in the phone book, Joppy...
text: Joppy's eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: What the hell you mean, coming up
dialog: here all mad like you gonna do
dialog: something?!...
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: B67 CONTINUED: (2) B67
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: You damn right! Coretta's dead!
dialog: Your friend Albright is on my ass.
dialog: The cops done brought me down once
dialog: -- Why didn't you just tell
dialog: Albright your damn self?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: (yelling back)
dialog: What did I tell you? To just take
dialog: that man's money! I didn't tell
dialog: you to do nothin'! I call myself
dialog: trying to help you save your
dialog: house... Don't come up in here
dialog: startin' no shit with me.
text: And he pulls a baseball bat from behind the bar, but Easy
text: has pulled his hammer and SMACKS it down hard, cracking the
text: beveled wood that frames the marble.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: (continuing; panicked)
dialog: Easy, wait! Watch my marble! My
dialog: uncle left me that when he died!
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: And goddammit, he's about to get it
dialog: back.
text: He draws back for the downswing, and Joppy drops the
text: baseball bat, holding up his hands.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Let's talk. Let's just talk.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What you got me into, Joppy?!
text: Joppy inhales, forcing himself to be calm.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: She asked me to help her 'cause I
dialog: told her that Albright was lookin'
dialog: for her. And I figured I could
dialog: help you make a few bucks and throw
text: Albright off the trail too. She
dialog: wanted to know something about you
dialog: so I told her... I guess I must've
dialog: give her your phone number...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Where is she, man?
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: B67 CONTINUED: (3) B67
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Don't lie to me, Joppy!
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: I ain't lyin'... I don't even know
dialog: her that good. She just asked me
dialog: to help her. And she asked me not
dialog: to tell nobody... I guess 'cause of
dialog: her and Frank Green.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What's she runnin' from Joppy?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: I swear I don't know. She didn't
dialog: tell me. I didn't mean to get you
dialog: into nothin', Easy... I just... she
dialog: just... I mean you seen her,
dialog: Easy... Man, she's something else.
text: Easy can see "sucker" written all over Joppy as he fumbles
text: for a cigarette with one hand and shakes his head with
text: disgust as he lights up.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Damn, Joppy. Is there any white
dialog: woman that ever gave you the time
dialog: of day that you wasn't a sucker
dialog: for?
text: Joppy frowns painfully and continues to wipe the bar.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. T. CARTER FOUNDATION - DAY 67
text: Easy turns into the winding driveway through the stone
dialog: entrance way that bears the name of this distinguished
text: institution on a bronze plate.
text: He parks the car and gets out, adjusting his dark brown
text: Stetson which matches his pin-stripped suit. He looks
text: around at the massive and well manicured grounds and walks
text: into a patio area of this Spanish-style complex.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: Albright had said that when you're
dialog: mixed up in something it's best to
dialog: be mixed up to the top. I could
dialog: see his point. So that's where I
dialog: was going... all the way to the
dialog: top.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. CARTER FOUNDATION PATIO 68
text: An ELDERLY SECRETARY descends an outdoor curved stairway
text: carrying a file. She spots Easy looking around confused and
text: immediately becomes annoyed.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Uh... yes. I came to see Mr.
dialog: Carter.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Do you have an appointment?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, I don't.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Well, I'm sorry, but Mr. Carter is
dialog: a very busy man.
text: Easy pulls out Albright's business card and hands it to her.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Well, tell him Mr. Albright sent
dialog: me, and it's real important.
text: She looks at the card and then up at Easy with annoyed
dialog: superiority.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: May I ask the nature of your call,
dialog: Mister...?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Rawlins. But I'm not so sure he'd
dialog: want me to tell you.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I'm quite sure, Mr. Rawlins, that
dialog: whatever you know is nothing I
dialog: can't know as well.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Okay. Well, anyway, tell him I'm
dialog: here with information about that
dialog: little chippy of his that dumped
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Is this some sort of joke?
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: Uh... Excuse me...
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
text: Easy and the secretary turn to see a TALL MAN in a dark grey
text: suit with bushy black hair and thick eyebrows standing in
text: the doorway. He forces a smile and comes out.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: Mr. Rawlins was it?
text: He holds out his hand and Easy shakes it.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yes. Mister...
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: Baxter.
dialog: (to the secretary)
dialog: I'll take care of this.
dialog: (and back to Easy)
dialog: Why don't you come with me, sir?
text: They walk through the door into
scene_heading: 69 A HALLWAY 69
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: Not very smart talking about Mr.
text: Carter's business to a secretary.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't wanna hear it, man. It's
dialog: too much goin' on for me to give a
dialog: damn about what you think is smart.
text: Baxter bristles up and slows down his walk, about to put
text: Easy in his place. But Easy slows down too and squares up
text: on him. Baxter reconsiders and leads the way up a stone
dialog: staircase.
scene_heading: 70 INT. CARTER'S OFFICE 70
text: Baxter ushers Easy into a huge elegantly furnished room more
text: closely resembling a hall than an office with large arched
text: doors and windows leading out onto a stone veranda
text: overlooking a canyon.
text: Alone looking out at the greenery on the opposite hillside
text: is TODD CARTER.
text: Baxter walks out and speaks with Carter, while Easy watches
text: them from inside the office. The rich man perks up with
text: interest and hurries inside with Baxter who throws Easy a
text: dirty look on his way out. He pauses uncertainly wearing a
text: simple Sears Roebuck-looking tan suit with a plain open-
text: collared white shirt. The dark circles under his eyes show
dialog: nights without sleep.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: 70 CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Mr. Rawlins.
text: He runs a hand through his thinning red hair, and offers an
text: overstuffed sofa. They sit on either end.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (distraught)
dialog: Has something happened to Daphne?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: The last time I saw her she looked
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: You saw her?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah. Last night.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: She's still in town?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: She was last night.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: What did she say -- what was she
dialog: wearing?
speaker_heading: EASY
text: A blue dress. Blue heels.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: And a pin on her chest?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah, on the left side.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (carried away)
dialog: Oh yes, that's her. That's her.
dialog: You know I've never known a woman
dialog: who could wear perfume so slight
dialog: that--
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: --Mr. Carter, Mr. Carter--
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: What did she say? What did she
dialog: say?... Oh, I'm sorry. Brandy?
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 70 CONTINUED: (2) 70
text: He points to a crystal decanter near Easy. Easy pours
text: himself a drink and takes in Carter as he wrings his hands
dialog: to keep from going to pieces. This guy's got it bad.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Mr. Carter. I came here to get
text: some answers.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Yes...?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't know... I'm takin' a
dialog: helluva chance...
text: Carter runs his hand through his hair again, the suspense
dialog: killing him.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I guess it's just that when I'm
dialog: working for somebody, I wanna know
dialog: what I'm gettin' myself into...
text: Carter leans in as if he missed something.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: I beg your pardon.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Well, I'd like to know the real
dialog: reason why Mr. Albright hired me.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Mr. Albright?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah. The man you hired to find
dialog: Daphne.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: There must be some mistake... I'm
dialog: sorry, busy... Who are you talking
dialog: about?
text: Easy and Carter stare at each other, not sure how to
dialog: proceed.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You didn't hire somebody to find
dialog: your girlfriend?
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 70 CONTINUED: (3) 70
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: No... Until just now I was sure
dialog: that she was hundreds of miles away
dialog: from here... You say someone is
dialog: looking for her?
text: Easy nods, his brow furrowed in thought. Carter gets up and
text: walks to the door, looking out into the canyon.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (half to himself)
text: Someone is looking for her.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What's goin' on between you two?
text: Carter shrugs and stammers nervously.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Uh... I don't know... We were going
dialog: to be married... We had a fight...
dialog: (then recovering)
dialog: Uh... that's none of your concern,
dialog: Mr. Rawlins.
text: He stops and looks to the floor, the gravity pulling him
dialog: down... way down.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Someone's... after her? A Mr.
dialog: Albright? And he said he's working
dialog: for me?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah... Do you know a man named
dialog: Richard McGee?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: No... I can't say that I do.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Why would someone be after her, Mr.
dialog: Carter?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Uh... I can't say -- I don't
dialog: know...
text: He's lying and Easy knows it.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: 70 CONTINUED: (4) 70
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Do you think you could find her
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: It's important, Mr. Rawlins, for
dialog: her sake... I'm willing to pay you.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Mr. Carter, why did she leave?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: I can't tell you any more Mr.
dialog: Rawlins -- I'll pay you to find
dialog: her...
text: Easy thinks about it, and then nods.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Okay... a thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: A thousand dollars?!
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah. I'll take two hundred right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Mr. Rawlins. I think you're trying
dialog: to take advantage of me. But left
dialog: me inform you that the incumbent
dialog: mayor and the chief of police eat
dialog: at my house regularly.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Good. Then they can help us--
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: --No. They can't!
text: Carter is too emphatic and Easy waits for him to give more,
text: but instead he turns and gazes out again at the canyon.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: I'll have Baxter write you out a
dialog: check.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: 70 CONTINUED: (5) 70
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Mr. Carter, why'd you stop runnin'
dialog: for mayor?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (terse)
dialog: I'll have Baxter write you a check.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Why is Matthew Teran looking for
dialog: her too?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (with finality)
dialog: Baxter will write you a check!!
text: Easy takes him in and then holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I'll take cash, Mr. Carter.
text: Carter fumbles in his wallet, and too nervous to count the
text: money, shoves the wallet at Easy.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Take it all... Just take it all.
text: Easy nods and strides out of the room.
speaker_heading: 71 OMIT 71
scene_heading: A72 EXT. T. CARTER FOUNDATION - DAY A72
text: Easy walks to his car, gets in and drives away toward the
dialog: entrance.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: So Albright was working for Matthew
dialog: Teran. And whatever Teran had on
dialog: Carter was strong stuff... too
dialog: strong even for Carter to go to the
dialog: police... But because Teran was
text: desperate to find the girl too,
dialog: that gave me the best hand. I had
dialog: seen her once, and if I played it
dialog: right, I'd see her again.
scene_heading: 72-75 OMIT 72-75
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE SEQUENCE:
scene_heading: 76 POOL HALL - THAT NIGHT 76
text: Easy talks to the short, squat, suspicious woman who runs
text: the place. Through the smoke, other distrustful eyes fix on
text: him from pool tables and dark corners.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: Everywhere I went was a familiar
dialog: place, but different because I was
dialog: asking about buying hijacked liquor
dialog: from the man nobody wanted to talk
dialog: about. Frank Green...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 77 NIGHTCLUB - NEXT NIGHT 77
text: Upscale, with a balcony. Billy Eckstine fronts the band.
text: Blacks and whites are dressed to impress, including Easy,
text: who leans into the bartender.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: It was actually looking more and
dialog: more like I might not make it
dialog: through this little adventure I was
dialog: having. But I was likin' the chill
dialog: in my blood, and the freedom of
dialog: working on my own.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 78 ABE AND JOHNNY'S LIQUOR - NEXT DAY 78
text: The two JEWISH OWNERS unveil for Easy a case of hijacked
text: liquor in a wooden crate.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: There were times in the war when I
dialog: had felt like this. When life or
dialog: death where the only two choices.
dialog: That made it simple. And that was
dialog: alright by me.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - DAY 79
text: Easy unlatches the gate and pushes it open. He's tired, and
text: he trudges up the walkway to the porch. He sees
text: THE WOODCUTTER standing on the front lawn of the next door
text: neighbor's, waving at him.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: 79 CONTINUED: 79
text: BACK TO EASY
text: He throws a rock and then unlocks the door. But he notices
text: THE POT OF AFRICAN VIOLETS lying broken on the cement. He
text: looks up just in time to see a TWO-BY-FOUR swing down.
text: BONK! And Easy is seeing stars.
text: A big man, dressed in black, kicks open the door and drives
dialog: Easy head first into
scene_heading: 80 INT. EASY'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM 80
text: Easy slams to the floor but manages to roll out of the way
text: of a lethal CRACK! of the board onto the floor.
text: He grabs a lamp and hurls it at the oncoming figure who
text: catches it on the arm and keeps on coming, snapping a blade
text: from his fist which leaps out like a chrome-colored flame.
text: Easy scrambles back, his head butting up against the couch,
text: his forehead streaming blood, his eyes wide with the sight
text: of sure death advancing.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Frank! Wait a minute! I need to
dialog: talk to you!
text: Frank looms over him, his sinister but handsome brown face
text: framed by a short-rimmed, black Stetson hat and a black
text: shirt and coat. He holds the knife to Easy's neck, letting the
text: blade press into the skin as he talks.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You the reason why she told me to
dialog: lay low, hunh.
text: Easy buries himself back against the sofa.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (machine gun quick)
dialog: Naw. I got five hundred dollars
dialog: for you. Rich man wants to talk to
dialog: a white girl you know. Daphne...
text: Frank's eyes flame and he presses the knife, drawing blood.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You a dead man--
text: WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: Easy, you in there?
text: Frank's head whips toward the door and Easy knocks the knife
text: away and comes up tussling.
text: Frank scrambles to get away and Easy tackles him, straining
text: to keep Frank from reaching the knife.
text: THE FRONT DOOR springs open and SPATS ON PATENT LEATHER
text: SHOES clump in, the last one stomping down on Frank's
text: outstretched fingers. Frank screams and cradles his hand in
dialog: agony.
text: Easy scrambles up to his knees and gawks up at
text: MOUSE, dressed in a plaid zoot suit with Broadway suspenders
text: down the front of his shirt, a long-barreled .41 caliber
text: pistol held loosely in his hand.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Want me to kill him?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (exhaling relief)
dialog: Mouse! Aw, man naw, it's all
dialog: right...
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Well, what's happenin'?
text: He holds out his hand and helps Easy to his feet.
text: Frank makes a slight move towards the knife and Mouse levels
text: the pistol at his head, his gold-rimmed teeth glittering
text: from a smile that wants Frank to go for it.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: I'll blow your goddamned nose
dialog: off...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, don't!
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Where's Daphne Monet?
text: Frank just stares up at Easy, his eyes sharp and defiant.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Look, if you don't know where she
dialog: is, maybe we can help each other
dialog: find her.
text: After a moment, Mouse cocks the hammer.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: 80 CONTINUED: (2) 80
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Nigga, you heard him.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, Mouse. Don't kill him.
text: The phone RINGS next to Mouse and he picks it up, eyes still
dialog: on Frank.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Huh?... He's busy right now, you
dialog: gonna have to call back.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: EASY
text: Frank, a rich man she knows is
dialog: willing to pay a thousand dollars
dialog: just to talk to her. A thousand
dialog: bucks, man.
text: Frank still won't talk and that does it for Mouse. He
text: releases the hammer.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Easy, lemme try.
text: THUNK! He slaps Frank upside the head with the pistol.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: You better...
speaker_heading: (THUNK!)
dialog: Talk...
speaker_heading: (THUNK!)
dialog: You stupid--
text: Easy grabs Mouse's arm and Frank slumps to the floor.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Let him go!
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Get out of my way!
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Let him be!
text: The two friends struggle, and Frank rears up and plows into
text: Easy, sending him sprawling to the floor on top of Mouse.
text: Then Frank, covered in blood, hurls himself across the room,
text: out the door.
dialog: 74.
text: 81 Mouse gets to his feet and runs to the door aiming the 81
text: pistol, but it's too late. Easy stands up and Mouse points the
text: gun at him.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Damn you, Easy. Don't you never
dialog: grab me when I got a gun in my
dialog: hand!
text: Easy silently eyes the pistol and gives Mouse a chance to
text: calm down. After a moment Mouse looks down at his jacket.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Look at the blood you done got on
dialog: my coat. Why you wanna go and do
dialog: that?
text: He looks out the door and grabs a small suitcase. Then
text: spots the bathroom and moves to it, taking off his jacket
text: and hanging the pistol in his belt.
text: Easy holds his fingers to the bump on his forehead and
text: catches his breath as Mouse runs water in the bathtub.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Now we got to find that girl so we
dialog: can get that money.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, we don't, Mouse. I don't need
dialog: your kinda help or I would've
dialog: called you.
text: Mouse comes out of the bathroom, scrubbing at a spot on his
text: jacket with a washcloth.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: You standing there with a knot on
dialog: your head the size of a twelve-
dialog: year-old tittie and you "don't need
dialog: my kind of help"?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: This is the same shit you pulled
dialog: five years ago when you asked me to
dialog: drive you out to your stepfather's
dialog: house, then come to find out you
dialog: killed him and your stepbrother.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Aw, easy, that was a long time ago.
text: Easy glares at Mouse and dabs blood from his forehead with a
dialog: handkerchief.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: 81 CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Come on, Easy. Cut me in on this.
dialog: I could help you. I let you run
dialog: the show. I swear I will.
text: He ambles over to Easy apologetically and holds Easy's
text: shoulders with both hands.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: I swear, I ain't gonna do nothin'
dialog: you don't tell me to do.
dialog: Easy knows he can't believe this but
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Everything I say?
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Everything you say.
text: With no choice, Easy nods and walks into
scene_heading: 82 THE BATHROOM 82
text: He runs cold water onto a washcloth and looks in the mirror,
text: dabbing at his forehead.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Who was that called?
speaker_heading: MOUSE (O.S.)
dialog: I don't know... Sound like some
dialog: white girl.
text: Easy turns toward the door "Aw Man!"
scene_heading: 83 INT. EASY'S CAR - DAY 83
text: Mouse, in a plum colored double-breasted suit and a brown
text: felt derby hat, turns on the radio and the Ink Spots' "We'll
text: Meet Again" purrs out. He starts to turn the key, but then
text: remembers and honks the horn.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - DAY 84
text: Easy opens the door and stands on the porch.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Hey, Easy, was it a left on
dialog: Richland or a right?
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: 84
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: A right. And if Dupree ain't over
dialog: there in Compton, just come on back
dialog: 'cause I might have heard from the
dialog: girl.
text: Just then a car cruises around the corner and Easy watches
text: MASON AND MILLER pull up across the street and get out. He
text: glances over at Mouse.
scene_heading: 85 INT. EASY'S CAR - DAY 85
text: Mouse shuts off the radio and slumps down in the seat out of
dialog: view.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - DAY 86
text: Easy watches them stroll up the walkway.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Mr. Rawlins... We came to ask you a
dialog: few more questions.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: So why don't you just invite us
dialog: inside...
dialog: (holding open the door)
dialog: After you.
text: And Easy and Miller go in.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: What happened to your head? I
dialog: don't remember doing all that.
text: He laughs and closes the door behind them.
scene_heading: 87 INT. EASY'S HOUSE 87
text: Miller looks around suspiciously. The room still shows
text: signs of the struggle with Frank Green. He exchanges a look
dialog: with Mason.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Been having a party, Ezekiel?
text: Mason pushes Easy into the chair and Miller plants his foot
text: on the seat between Easy's legs and leans in.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You got a lotta cuts and bruises to
dialog: be an ordinary working stiff.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: It's looking worse and worse for
dialog: you, my friend. What do you know
dialog: about Richard McGee?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Who?
text: On the other side of the room Mason picks up a chunk of the
text: broken lamp from the fight.
speaker_heading: MILLER
text: A dead white man in a cabin in
dialog: Laurel Canyon.
text: Mason comes over and stands over Easy next to his partner.
text: He fingers the sharp porcelain shard of the lamp,
dialog: threatening.
speaker_heading: MASON
text: He hangs out with some of those
dialog: same nigger friends of yours down
text: on Central Avenue.
text: Easy eyes the sharp edge, making up his mind to kill this
dialog: fat son-of-a-bitch if he gets too creative, and die with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: He just happened to have a note in
dialog: his pocket with 'C. James' written
text: on it.
text: He holds the slip of paper up for Easy to see.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Any of this making you feel
dialog: talkative at all, 'cause I'll bet
dialog: ya six bits to a bottle of piss
dialog: that we're looking at a double
dialog: here... All we need is to place you
text: in the dead man's house.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I ain't been there.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I ain't been in no dead man's
dialog: house.
text: Miller stands back and pats his pockets for a smoke.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: 87 CONTINUED: (2) 87
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: How 'bout a smoke, Ezekiel?
text: Easy taps out one and Miller places it in his mouth.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Got a light?
text: Easy pulls out his lighter and sparks the flame.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: May I?
text: Easy shrugs and passes the lighter to Miller who fires
dialog: himself up.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Nice lighter...
text: He holds the lighter out of Mason who wraps it up in a
dialog: handkerchief.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: And we got our print.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Oh, hadn't you heard? We found a
text: cigarette lighter in the dead man's
dialog: house with the killer's
text: fingerprints on it.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (total disbelief)
dialog: Naw, man. I didn't do it.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Course you did, we got evidence.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: I didn't do it. You know I
dialog: didn't...
text: And Miller leans in hard.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: We know that you know more than
dialog: you're lettin' on. And now a white
dialog: man's been killed.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: 87 CONTINUED: (3) 87
speaker_heading: MILLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you better tell us what you
dialog: know, or you're goin' down for the
dialog: murder of Richard McGee and Coretta
dialog: James.
text: He straightens up and Easy stands up, too.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: I don't know nothin'.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (to Mason)
dialog: Put the cuffs on. Let's take him
dialog: down.
text: As Mason reaches for the cuffs, Easy sees Mouse peek out
text: from the kitchen doorway then disappear inside.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Uh, listen! I don't know who did
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: But we do...
text: He sees Mouse draw his gun, his eyes trained on Miller's
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: And that's all that counts.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Dammit, I didn't do it.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Tell it to the D.A.
text: Mouse is trained with the hammer cocked and Easy is about to
dialog: give the signal, but then:
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Look, gimme some time to find out.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Gimme till tomorrow... Tomorrow
dialog: mornin'...
text: Miller thinks about it and then--
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: 87 CONTINUED: (4) 87
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Okay. Tomorrow morning, that's it.
text: He nods to Mason and Easy looks up to see Mouse raise the
text: gun and slide back into the kitchen.
text: Mason unlocks the cuffs.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Have a nice evening, Ezekiel.
text: And he and Miller walk out.
text: Easy looks out the doorway watching
speaker_heading: A88 EASY'S POV A88
scene_heading: MILLER AND MASON
text: get in their squad car and drive away.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: B88 He turns back to see Mouse standing in the living room. B88
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: I guess you know what would have
dialog: happened if you had shot them two
dialog: cops in my house?
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Hell yeah. They'd be dead.
text: Easy shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Come on, let's go.
text: He grabs a jacket.
scene_heading: 88-91 OMIT 88-91
scene_heading: A92 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - DAY A92
text: Easy hurries out of his house pulling on his jacket with
text: Mouse right behind.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: What they tryin' to pin on you?
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: A92 CONTINUED: A92
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I'll tell you on the way. You got
dialog: the keys?
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Yeah.
text: And he hurries around to the driver's side.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Before we run out to Compton we got
dialog: one other place to stop by...
text: He freezes seeing the Woodcutter watching and listening.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (to Woodcutter)
dialog: Man, don't you mess with my trees
dialog: while I'm gone.
text: He gets in as Mouse cranks the engine.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You heard me. Leave my trees
dialog: alone.
text: As Mouse starts away the old man smiles mischievously and
text: starts to sharpen his axe.
text: Easy leans out the car window, yelling back as the car pulls
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I mean it now. Don't you mess with
dialog: my trees!!
scene_heading: 92 EXT. PORTLAND COURT - DAY 92
text: It's a horseshoe of tiny apartments with over a dozen little
text: porches and doorways staggered in a semi-circle around a
text: small yard that has a half-dozen stunted magnolia trees
text: growing in brick pots.
text: Easy and Mouse step into the courtyard, passing elderly
text: tenants sitting inside screened doors. Jimmy Lunceford's
text: "I'm Walking Through Heaven With You" floats out into the
dialog: yard.
text: They arrive at the closed door of number eight. Easy knocks
text: and then knocks again, hard. Something CRASHES on the
text: inside and heavy FOOTSTEPS pound to the door.
scene_heading: VOICE BEHIND DOOR
dialog: Who's that?
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED: 92
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Easy!
text: The door opens and JUNIOR FORNAY stands there behind the
text: screen door in blue boxer shorts and a white T-shirt.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What you want?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: It's private, Junior. Lemme in.
text: And he reaches to pull open the door, but Junior throws the
dialog: latch.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I ain't got time now. I'm tryin'
dialog: to get some sleep.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Why don't you open the door,
dialog: Junior, 'fore I have to shoot it
dialog: down.
text: Mouse steps out into the doorway, in plain view.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Mouse.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Open up. We ain't got all night.
text: Junior forces a smile and lets them in.
scene_heading: 93 INT. JUNIOR'S APARTMENT - DAY 93
text: Filthy and junky, with old car parts scattered amongst old
text: furniture, the room is unpleasant with only the benefit of a
text: dim light -- just like Junior.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Y'all want a beer?
text: He nods at a card table with one folding chair and throws
text: two others into place on his way to the refrigerator.
text: Easy and Mouse sit down and Junior brings over a quart of
text: PABST BLUE RIBBON BEER and two glasses that he wipes out
text: with a rag.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What ya smokin'? Zapatas?
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
text: Junior tosses his pack onto the table and pours beer into
text: the glasses for Easy and Mouse, and drinks from the bottle.
text: Easy unfolds the handkerchief in his pocket on the table,
text: uncovering the cigarette butt from Richard McGee's house.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (to Junior)
dialog: This is one of yours, ain't it?
text: Junior looks at the butt and shrugs.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You the only one I know cheap
dialog: enough to smoke this shit... Why'd
dialog: you kill Richard McGee?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Huh? What you talkin' 'bout?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Ain't no time to play, Junior. I
dialog: know you the one killed him.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You crazy, man. You crazy!
text: And he stands up to emphasize his indignation.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Sit down, Junior.
text: Junior shifts awkwardly from side to side and then sits back
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Tell me what happened, Junior.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I don't know what you talkin'
dialog: 'bout.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Well, the police will. When they
dialog: find out that they got your
dialog: fingerprints up there in that man's
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What fingerprints? What house?
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (2) 93
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hattie had you pull that man out of
dialog: John's the night I was there. And
text: he was laying up there dead with
text: the same suit on and a knife in his
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I ain't killed nobody.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Quit lyin', you big ole sweaty-
dialog: thick headed-cornbread eatin'--
text: Mouse can't keep from laughing and Junior starts up after
dialog: Easy.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You thick-headed, ya damn self!!
text: But Mouse is up, still laughing with the pistol in his hand.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Sit down, man... 'fore I blow your
dialog: brains out.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What kinda shit y'all trying to
dialog: pull here?
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: (last warning)
dialog: Sit down.
text: Junior sits down and throws himself around in the chair like
text: a child throwing a fit.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You better tell it the way it
dialog: happened. And maybe I'll forget
dialog: what I know... Otherwise, I'm gonna
dialog: tell Mouse to shoot ya 'cause you
dialog: know I don't like your ass and he
dialog: don't like you either.
text: Mouse slaps the table, laughing so hard he's in tears.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Aw, man...
text: And he aims the pistol and cocks the hammer, causing Junior
text: to throw himself around some more.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (3) 93
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You killed him to take his money,
dialog: didn't ya?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I don't even know who you--
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You just had to rob him, didn't ya!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I didn't! I didn't touch nothin'
dialog: in his house!
text: SILENCE. But it's in the open now and Junior frowns and
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hattie had me take him out to his
dialog: car. And he say he give me ten
dialog: dollars to drive him home.
text: Mouse is busy working a toothpick between his front teeth.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: I know you took that.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hell, yeah. Then he asked me about
dialog: that white girl you was askin'
dialog: everybody about at the club. And I
dialog: told him I seen her with Coretta...
dialog: What the hell I care if he know?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You tell him but you won't tell me.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I don't like your ass, Easy. And
dialog: he gimme fifty dollars.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (disbelievingly)
dialog: Fifty dollars? Just to tell him
dialog: you seen her with Coretta?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Naw. To deliver a letter.
text: Easy is stopped for a moment.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What letter?
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (4) 93
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: How should I know? He just said to
dialog: give it to her.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: And you knew where she was?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I didn't say that! I give it to
dialog: Coretta to give it to her the next
dialog: mornin'!
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You 'spect me to believe that? Why
dialog: would he trust you to give it to
dialog: the girl if it was worth fifty
dialog: dollars?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: 'Cause he had to blow town, fool!
text: Easy stops to make the connection.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: He didn't say!
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: You better be tellin' the truth.
dialog: Let's go, Raymond.
text: He and Mouse get up.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I'm tellin' the truth. I ain't
dialog: killed nobody. That man was alive
dialog: when I left him!
text: Easy opens the door, looking back at Junior, who's still
text: going on and walks out.
scene_heading: 94-95 OMIT 94-95
scene_heading: 96 INT. EASY'S CAR - DUSK 96
text: Compton looks a lot like Texas, with unpaved streets and
text: little country-styled houses set back away from the road
text: behind vegetable gardens and chicken coops and small sheds
text: with a horse or a cow tied up.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED: 96
text: Easy and Mouse pull into the gravel driveway of a little
text: house and are met by the usual barking dog you find in the
dialog: country -- part Spaniel, part Shepherd, and some kind of
text: Retriever. It dogs Easy and Mouse's heels as they get out
text: of the car.
scene_heading: 97 EXT. DUPREE'S SISTER'S HOUSE - DUSK 97
text: They notice the light in the front window go out and the
text: shade pull back slightly as they walk toward the front door.
text: Moments later the door opens and the dark figure of Dupree
text: Brouchard appears.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: Go on. Go on in the back.
text: The dog obeys and Easy and Mouse walk up the walkway.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, Dupree. Been trying to call
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Yeah, Easy! Cops just let me out
dialog: today. My sister gone to work and
dialog: I didn't feel much like talking...
dialog: Raymond...
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Hey, big man! Them pigtails I
dialog: smell?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Yeah. Lula Mae made some 'fore she
dialog: went to work.
text: Dupree ushers them in.
scene_heading: 98 INT. DUPREE'S SISTER'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DUSK 98
text: Dupree's face under the kitchen light shows two swollen
text: black eyes from a brutal police "questioning." His eyes are
text: heavy with liquor and tears glisten down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Why somebody wanna kill her like
dialog: that? Why?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't know, Dupree... I don't
dialog: know...
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: 98
text: Dupree pours rye whiskey into a water glass in front of
text: Mouse, who swallows half the shot without looking up from
text: his plate of food.
text: Easy declines when the bottle comes his way, feeling the
text: pressure of time running out.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Did Coretta ever say anything to
dialog: you about a letter she was keeping?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Letter? What kinda letter?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: For that white girl...
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Naw. But I know it was on account
dialog: of her that Coretta got killed.
text: Easy rears back in his chair with keen interest and Mouse
text: looks up from his pigtails.
text: Dupree takes a drink and his eyes narrow in anger.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Everything between Coretta and that
dialog: Daphne was always such a damn
dialog: secret... I mean that ole girl
dialog: didn't think nothin' about two-
dialog: timin' on Frank... She probably
dialog: 'innerduced' Coretta to one of them
dialog: ole guys she knew... And when he
dialog: came to the house after Coretta...
dialog: (starting to break)
dialog: ...he found out she wasn't that
dialog: kinda woman... Cops said she fought
dialog: him... aw my Gawd... fought him
dialog: 'cause she wouldn't have nobody but
dialog: me-e-e...
text: He buries his face into his hands and Easy throws a sad but
text: frustrated look to Mouse.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Aw Gawd, I can't even go to
dialog: sleep... 'cause I can still see her
dialog: face that mornin' 'fore I went to
dialog: work...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: (2) 98
speaker_heading: DUPREE (CONT'D)
text: Junior had been by and just left
dialog: the house... and she came runnin'
text: out to the car carrying her
dialog: bible... And she said, 'Keep this
dialog: for me, baby.'
text: Easy and Mouse exchange looks. JACKPOT! And Dupree falls
dialog: apart.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Police won't even let me go near
dialog: her house. So it's the only thing
dialog: I got left from her. It was a
dialog: sign... I know it was a sign,
dialog: 'cause she was so religious...
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: It's all right, big man... it's all
dialog: right...
text: And he pours Dupree a half glass of rye.
scene_heading: 99 THE BOTTLE - LATER, NIGHT 99
text: Barely a "corner" of whiskey lies at the bottom and
text: DUPREE is snoring like a buzzsaw, sound asleep.
text: MOUSE squints into his glass, wondering why it's empty, and
text: looks down the length of the kitchen leading into
scene_heading: 100 THE BEDROOM - NIGHT 100
text: Drawers are pulled out on the dresser, and Easy is rifling
text: through another until he pulls out a bible. He fans the
dialog: pages, finding
speaker_heading: THE LETTER
text: already opened. His fingers pull out a photograph and then
dialog: two more.
text: BACK TO EASY
text: His excited face goes sick, and he silently mouths:
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Holy shi-it...
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 100 CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: I was as nauseated from fear as I
dialog: was from what I saw... Pictures of
text: a much younger Matthew Teran and
dialog: children... innocent, helpless,
dialog: naked children...
speaker_heading: 101 KITCHEN 101
text: Easy hurries in holding up the letter.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I got it. Come on, I think that
dialog: girl is gonna call again.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: That Dupree is a good man, but he
dialog: sure can't hold his liquor.
text: Easy grabs his coat off a chair and starts to put it on,
text: stuffing the letter in his coat pocket.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You got your sails up pretty far
dialog: too, Raymond.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: You callin' me drunk?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Well, you been puttin' it away
dialog: along with him and--
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: If I was drunk could I do this?
text: And in less than a heartbeat he has pulled that long-
text: barreled pistol and is aiming it at Easy's forehead.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Ain't a man in Texas can outdraw
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (forced calm)
dialog: Put it down.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Go on.
text: And he puts the gun back in his shoulder holster.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: 101
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Go for your gun. Let's see who
dialog: gets kilt.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I don't have a gun, Raymond. Come
dialog: on, let's go.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: You fool enough to go without a
dialog: piece then you must wanna be dead.
text: He lays the pistol on the table then draws a .32 automatic
text: from his waist, this time cocking the hammer, the muzzle
text: only inches from Easy's head.
text: Easy can tell from the glazed look in Mouse's eye that
text: instead of seeing him, his friend is glaring at some demon
text: he carries around in his head. So he stands stock still.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (quiet, soothing)
dialog: Let him go, Raymond... He done
dialog: learned his lesson. If you kill
dialog: him then he won't have got it.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: He fool enough to call me out and
dialog: he ain't even got no gun? I'll
dialog: kill the motherfucker.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Let him live, Raymond, and he be
dialog: scared whenever you walk in the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Motherfucker better be scared. I
dialog: kill a motherfucker. I kill him!
text: Easy stares down the barrel of the gun for a long moment
text: until Mouse blinks, then nods and lets the pistol fall down
text: into his lap. His head on his chest, he's sound asleep.
text: Easy takes the gun and puts it on the table with the other.
text: Then walks to the doorway and turns out the light.
scene_heading: 102 INT. EASY'S CAR - NIGHT 102
text: The dim street lamps of Easy's neighborhood streak past as
text: Easy scans the streets and sidewalks, wary for anybody who
text: might be staking him out.
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: 102 CONTINUED: 102
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
text: The pictures were burnin' a hole in
dialog: my pocket... I had no doubt that
dialog: Albright had killed McGee... and
dialog: that he had done it for Matthew
dialog: Teran... But Teran hadn't known who
dialog: killed Coretta. I was sure of
dialog: that, too.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - NIGHT 103
text: Easy's car pulls up and he gets out and looks around
text: cautiously before starting up the walkway.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: For the first time I hated walking
dialog: up to my house... I still didn't
dialog: know if I could go to the police.
dialog: But Albright was liable to be
dialog: showing up in a few hours asking
dialog: about Frank Green. I was thinking
dialog: I oughta forget the girl and leave
dialog: town, back to Houston or Galveston
dialog: where they didn't know me too good.
text: Easy gets to the door, still literally looking over his
text: shoulder, and hears the phone RINGING inside. He unlocks
text: the door and bursts in.
scene_heading: 104 INT. EASY'S HOUSE 104
text: He races through the dark living room and into
scene_heading: 105 INT. BEDROOM 105
text: And picks up the phone but the dial tone DRONES on the other
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Shit! Damn!
text: He whacks the nightstand with the receiver, dying with
text: frustration. And SOMETHING MOVES in the dark. He lunges
dialog: and grabs
speaker_heading: DAPHNE MONET
text: and pulls her into the light, then sits down onto the bed
text: before the shock can knock him down.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Are you all right?
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: 105
text: Easy shakes his head in disbelieving relief and she reaches
text: to touch the bump on his forehead.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Your boyfriend, Frank Green, threw
dialog: a surprise party for me.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: I'm sorry, Easy...
text: He pulls away.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
text: Easy, Coretta's boyfriend, Dupree,
dialog: got out of jail today. And...
speaker_heading: DAPHNE EASY
dialog: (continuing) (he joins her)
dialog: I need you to help me You need me to help you
text: find him. find him.
text: Easy shakes his head, amused, and lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: --I already have the pictures...
text: Daphne stiffens, as if from an electrical shock, and then:
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, I paid seven thousand dollars
dialog: for those pictures. They belong to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Oh yeah? Matthew Teran may have
dialog: somethin' to say about that.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, you wouldn't dare.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Try me. Who killed Coretta?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: I don't know -- I'll pay you for
dialog: them. I'll give you a thousand
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You gave Richard seven.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: (2) 105
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Okay, I'll give you seven.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Where'd you get seven thousand
dialog: dollars from?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Never mind. I'll give it to you.
dialog: Easy, please. They're very
dialog: important to me.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Coretta's life was important to a
dialog: few people too. What's say you
dialog: tell me who killed her?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, honey, I don't know.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: 'Honey?' Do Frank and Carter
dialog: really fall for that stuff? Come
dialog: on... You and Todd Carter have a
dialog: fight and all of a sudden he
dialog: doesn't wanna be mayor no more...
dialog: You leave, he's worried but he
dialog: can't even get his buddies in the
dialog: police department to help him find
dialog: you... And now you wanna buy some
dialog: pictures of Teran. Why? 'Cause
dialog: he's got some dirt on you.
text: She gets up and walks away.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, why don't you just take the
dialog: money!
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Is that what Frank told Coretta?
text: She whirls around to face him.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Was she being too nosy? Or was she
dialog: just being Coretta and trying to
dialog: bargain up the price?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, please. How much do you
dialog: want?
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: (3) 105
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Tell me. Is Frank your husband or
dialog: your pimp?
text: SMACK! She swings and open hand across his face, and SMACK!
text: He returns the gesture, sending her back onto the bed...
text: He picks up the phone and dials "O."
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, put the phone down.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Why don't you try screaming again?
dialog: 'Cause I bet police like white
dialog: women with Negro boyfriends who
dialog: hijack trucks...
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, please.
text: She reaches for the phone and he pushes her away.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I bet they like pimps, and whores,
dialog: too, who scam rich white men like
dialog: Carter runnin' for mayor.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Easy, please, put it down...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: And I'm sure they like it when
dialog: these white girls tell their
dialog: colored men to lay low 'cause they
dialog: killed a woman over some pictures
text: of another rich white man.
text: She gathers herself, just as:
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
dialog: Number please...
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: Frank is my brother.
text: Easy is about to speak, but then stands still.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
dialog: Number please?
text: He hangs up.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: (4) 105
text: She looks away, worn out, tired.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: We have different fathers. Mine is
dialog: white... Frank doesn't even know
dialog: that Todd and I broke up. So far
dialog: I've kept him out of all this.
text: She gets up and takes Easy's cigarettes and taps one out.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: See, Coretta's the only one out
dialog: here in L.A. besides my brother who
dialog: knew about me...
dialog: (she lights up)
dialog: And about a month ago she took a
dialog: job working for, of all people,
dialog: Matthew Teran. She made friends
text: with one of the girls in the office
dialog: who told her that she'd heard that
dialog: Teran was a pedophile. And Coretta
dialog: got carried away and told her that
dialog: Todd Carter was engaged to a
dialog: colored woman. She was sorry and
dialog: didn't think it would get to
dialog: Teran... but it did and he got a
dialog: hold of my birth records.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Who killed her, Daphne?
text: Daphne exhales smoke and brushes hair out of her face
text: ignoring the question.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Todd and I broke up and I paid a
dialog: guy for the pictures of Teran. But
dialog: somehow Coretta got them.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Who killed her?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: It was an accident. Coretta and I
dialog: were still mad at each other. I
dialog: mean, she threatened to sell Teran
dialog: the pictures.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Who killed her goddammit!?
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: (5) 105
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: I just asked Joppy to go over and
dialog: put a scare in her... It was an
dialog: accident.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: 106 INT. KITCHEN - CORETTA'S HOUSE 106
text: Joppy points a finger in Coretta's face, backing her against
text: the counter. She grabs a knife from a rack of dishes left
text: out to dry.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE (V.O.)
text: Joppy said she pulled a knife and
dialog: tried to dump hot water on him...
text: She swipes at Joppy and he backhands her against the
text: stove... She struggles to grab a pot of boiling water, but
text: he wrests it from her and slings her across the room against
text: the counter, her head striking the tile on the way down.
scene_heading: 107 BACK TO SCENE 107
text: Daphne looks down at her hands.
text: She stubs out her cigarette and sits on the bed.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: God, I didn't mean to hurt
dialog: anybody... It's just that with the
dialog: pictures I can--
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What? Marry Carter? Be white
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Don't judge me, Easy! Do you think
dialog: I like pretending that I'm someone
dialog: else? Do you know how I've been
dialog: treated by people, colored and
dialog: white, when I've tried to live as a
text: colored woman in a colored
dialog: community. Do you have any idea
dialog: what any colored man whose ever
dialog: been with me has had to go through?
dialog: Don't you dare judge me!
text: She sees Easy hesitate and she stands up.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Come on, Easy. Help me.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: 107
text: She moves in close, caressing.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Come on, you know it's the right
dialog: thing to do... You know if things
dialog: were different what would happen
dialog: between us.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I'll tell you what can happen
dialog: between us. You get Carter to
dialog: clear me up from all this and you
dialog: can have your pictures. That's all
dialog: that could have ever happened
dialog: between us.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (genuinely hurt)
dialog: Sure, baby. Of course,
dialog: sweetheart...
text: The sound of the front door pushing open startles them, and
text: Albright knocks on his way in.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Well I'll be damned. You found
dialog: her.
text: And Manny and Shariff step in, too, carrying baseball bats.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Wait a minute, Albright.
text: Daphne breaks for the back way and Easy tries to bar Shariff
text: from going after her.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey!
text: Manny swings the baseball bat into Easy's side. and Easy
text: yells and plows into him, wrestling him against the wall.
text: Albright grabs Easy from behind and pries him free enough
text: for Manny to uppercut him to the chin with the fat end of
dialog: the bat.
text: Easy sinks to his knees seeing double.
text: Shariff leads Daphne back into the room, her face contorted
text: into tears, her arm twisted up behind her in a hammerlock.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: (2) 107
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: (to Daphne)
dialog: Where are the pictures?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: I don't know.
text: SMACK! He backhands her.
text: Easy grabs for the wall to get to his feet and Manny swings
text: the bat down into his kidney.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (indicating Easy)
dialog: I wouldn't tell him! And I won't
dialog: tell you!
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: Sure you will.
dialog: (to Shariff)
dialog: Let's go.
text: Shariff leads Daphne outside and Manny draws his forty-five
text: automatic and trains it on Easy, cocking the hammer.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT
dialog: What're you doin'? Who are we
dialog: gonna give 'em to cover this shit,
dialog: hunh?... Use your head.
text: He shoves Manny through the door and pushes Easy onto his
text: side with his foot and he's out the door.
text: Easy strains to get back to his knees as car doors slam and
text: the sound of a car engine growls to life.
text: He thrusts himself up from the floor and stumbles toward the
text: front door like a boxer who should have stayed down for the
text: count. He gets it open in time to see...
scene_heading: 108 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - NIGHT 108
text: The blurred white form of Albright's Caddy screaming away,
text: shattering the dark, shrieking in flight.
text: Dogs are barking and a baby is screaming somewhere in the
text: neighborhood while lights are going on up and down the
dialog: block.
text: Easy stumbles back inside and into
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: 109 THE BEDROOM 109
text: Where he manages to dial the phone. It RINGS several times
text: on the other end, and finally:
speaker_heading: MOUSE'S VOICE
dialog: (groggy)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Mouse...
speaker_heading: MOUSE'S VOICE
dialog: Hey, Easy?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (slurring)
dialog: Get Dupree's car. Drive it to 78th
dialog: and Central... The butcher shop.
speaker_heading: MOUSE'S VOICE
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hurry up.
text: He puts down the receiver, missing the cradle, and staggers
text: out of the room.
scene_heading: 110 INT. EASY'S CAR - NIGHT 110
text: Easy is ripping through the night, the streetlights flashing
text: by in blurs of light. The windows down, he's coming to.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: It had come to me in less time than
dialog: it takes to think that Albright was
dialog: taking Daphne someplace more
dialog: isolated than that office building
dialog: downtown... Someplace where there
dialog: would be no witnesses... And I was
text: being left alive to take the fall.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. BUTCHER SHOP/JOPPY'S BAR - NIGHT 111
text: The street is still alive. A couple of late night juke
text: joints are coughing up the last drunken bits of the party
text: onto the sidewalk to straggle home. Easy's car screams
text: around the corner, and then skids in, sending a heavy-hipped
text: young sister, about to cross the street, scrambling for
dialog: cover.
text: He jumps out just as Mouse scorches the tires on Dupree's
text: '38 Packard in behind him.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 111 CONTINUED: 111
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (to the woman)
dialog: Sorry, baby... Lemme give you
dialog: twenty bucks for them stockings you
dialog: got on.
text: It takes a moment to register, but when she sees him pull
text: a twenty from his pocket, she gets busy.
text: He runs back to Mouse.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Gimme one of them guns you got.
text: Mouse smiles, loving this side of Easy, and trades him a set
text: of car keys for a .32 automatic.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Start up my car. I'm comin' out
dialog: fast.
text: He runs back to the woman he almost hit and hands off the
text: twenty, grabbing one of the nylons, leaving her still
text: stripping as he runs into
scene_heading: 112 INT. STAIRWAY 112
text: He takes the steps two at a time, pulling the stocking down
text: over his face as he reaches the top and bursts through the
text: open door leading into
scene_heading: 113 INT. JOPPY'S BAR 113
text: He charges through the raucous laughter of the half-full
text: room right up to the bar.
text: Joppy nearly drops the glasses he is clearing away as he
text: looks down the barrel of the pistol aimed at his face.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Come on, Joppy. Let's go!
text: Joppy hesitates, recognizing the voice.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: You heard me. I'll blow your head
dialog: off!
text: And he cocks the hammer, causing Joppy to get a move on from
text: behind the bar.
text: Easy shoves him through the door, calling back to the
text: startled crowd on his way out.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Don't follow me, goddammit!
text: And he's gone.
scene_heading: 114 INT. JOPPY'S BAR - NIGHT 114
text: Easy hides the piece in his coat pocket as he bum rushes
text: Joppy to the car.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Easy, what the hell you--
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Shut up!
text: And he shoves Joppy into the back seat, getting in next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Drive this damn thing, Mouse!
text: Mouse pulls off, around the corner, down the street into an
dialog: alley.
scene_heading: A115 INT. EASY'S CAR - IN THE ALLEY A115
text: Mouse pulls to a stop.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (to Joppy)
dialog: Albright's got the girl. He's
dialog: gonna kill her. Where would he
dialog: take her? And you better get it
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Man, I don't--
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (screaming, pressing
dialog: the gun)
dialog: Don't fool with me, man!
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: There's a cabin out in Malibu on
dialog: Route 9...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Make a right, Mouse!
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: B115 EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT B115
text: The car roars down the alley and turns right onto the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: 115 INT. CAR - INDUSTRIAL STREET - NIGHT 115
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (to Joppy)
dialog: You sure 'bout this place?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: I guess so. He's done this kinda
dialog: thing out there before.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Easy, what's done got into you?
dialog: Thought y'all was friends.
speaker_heading: EASY
text: He killed Dupree's girlfriend.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: You lyin'.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Naw.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch!
text: And he pulls out his pistol, aiming it back over the seat at
text: Joppy as he drives. KABLAAM! The bullet slams through the
text: rear window just to the side of Joppy's head.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Mouse! What're you doin'?
text: KABLAAM! This one digs out a chunk of upholstery between
dialog: Joppy and Easy.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey! Watch out!
text: The car screeches to a halt and Mouse tries to aim again.
text: But Easy struggles with Mouse's gun hand still holding a
text: pistol on Joppy.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Mouse, we need him to lead the way!
text: KABLAAM! This one rips through the roof.
text: Joppy's yelling, afraid that Easy's gun will go off.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Mouse, the girl offered me seven
dialog: thousand dollars for the pictures.
text: Mouse glares into the rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: You lyin'!
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: No, I swear I'm not.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Aw shit!
text: And he fumbles with the ignition and shifts gears.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Oh, my God!... Oh, my goodness!
scene_heading: 116 EXT. L.A. STREET - NIGHT 116
text: The engine roars from a punch to the accelerator, and
text: Mouse's voice can be heard cutting through the darkness as
text: the car powers off down the street.
speaker_heading: MOUSE (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, my goodness!
scene_heading: 117 INT. EASY'S CAR - NIGHT 117
text: Easy, with the gun on Joppy, strains to see the dimly lit
text: road in front of them.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Is that it up there?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Yeah, that's it.
scene_heading: 118 THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD 118
text: The headlights bounce off a signpost: "Route 9."
scene_heading: 119 EXT. ROUTE 9 - NIGHT 119
text: The Pontiac makes the turn onto a graded dirt road.
scene_heading: 120 INT. EASY'S CAR - NIGHT 120
text: A ranch-style cabin emerges up off the road, drawing nearer
text: in the headlight beams.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: 121 BACK TO SCENE 121
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Shut off the headlights, Mouse.
text: Mouse kills the lights.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
text: Naw. It's farther up.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: How much farther?
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Another ten minutes, I guess.
dialog: Easy, I swear, I ain't done nothin'
dialog: to nobody. I swear, I ain't.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. ROUTE 9 - NIGHT 122
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD: House lights show through thick
text: shrubbery.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: There it is.
text: Mouse pulls to a stop and kills the engine.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: There's some rope in the trunk,
dialog: Raymond.
text: Mouse gets out of the car and is heard opening the trunk.
speaker_heading: JOPPY
dialog: Easy, come on, man. That girl is
dialog: lying if she told you I killed them
dialog: folks.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Who said she told me?
text: SCREAM! It's muted and distant. But it's a woman all
dialog: right. SCREAM!
text: Easy pushes out of the back door on the right as Mouse opens
text: the opposite door on the driver's side.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Stuff this in his mouth. I gotta
dialog: get up there.
text: He tosses Mouse the stocking.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Let's just shoot him.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (on the run)
dialog: No, Mouse. And they'll hear it.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. ALBRIGHT'S CABIN - NIGHT 123
text: The cabin draws nearer as Easy scrambles up the hill. He
text: can hear Daphne crying out something, but he can't make out
dialog: the words.
text: It quiets down as he nears and sees shadows crossing a
text: window with the shade pulled down.
text: He moves cautiously, quietly to the window and peers through
text: the crack between the shade and the windowsill. He can make
text: out a sliver of what looks like a large room with a low
text: ceiling. SMACK! And Daphne screams again.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT'S VOICE
dialog: Come on, talk to me. Talk to me
dialog: while you still can.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE'S VOICE
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Please! I don't have them! Easy
dialog: has them!
text: Easy can barely make out Shariff passing the window. He
dialog: strains to see more.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT'S VOICE
dialog: You said he didn't know anything.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE'S VOICE
dialog: I was lying!!
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT'S VOICE
dialog: Okay. Grab that for me, Shariff.
dialog: It's ready.
text: And then SCRE-E-EAM!! The kind that drops the bottom out of
dialog: your stomach. The kind more akin to fear than the word
dialog: itself... The kind that fries your skin with the cold chill
text: of horror. S-C-R-E-EAMS again!!
speaker_heading: DAPHNE'S VOICE
text: No-o-o-o! Please. No-o-o!
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT'S VOICE
dialog: Now talk to me, goddammit!
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: 123
speaker_heading: DAPHNE'S VOICE
dialog: No-o-o!
text: 124 Easy's gotta make a move. KABLANGALANGLE! He smashes the 124
text: window with the gun and the shade rattles all the way up.
text: Manny looks right up at his face as Daphne arches and
text: flails, trying to get free from his hands that are pinning
text: her down on a battered old sofa.
text: Albright is holding a glowing red poker that Shariff,
text: standing in front of the fireplace, has just handed him.
text: Easy starts blasting. KABLAAM! Manny takes one to the
text: throat. KABLAAM!
text: Albright and Shariff lunge for cover, and Daphne ducks down
text: behind the back of the sofa, screaming and screaming.
text: Manny, hand to his throat, pulls his gun on reflex, firing
text: into the floor and then half runs, half staggers out the
text: side door just ahead of another KABLAAM! that digs out a
text: chunk of the wall.
text: Easy hears the screen door open and then ducks down, getting
text: ready for Manny who should be coming his way from the side
text: door. He HEARS more steps stumble out and then... SILENCE.
text: And then, KABLAAM! BLAAM! Two huge blasts rip right
text: through the wall next to Easy's head, and he scrambles to
text: the side of the house, underneath another window with the
text: shade pulled down.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: (to Shariff)
dialog: Who the hell's out there?
speaker_heading: SHARIFF
dialog: (getting frantic)
dialog: I don't know!
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: That you, Easy?
speaker_heading: (SILENCE)
dialog: Tell us what you want, buddy. See
dialog: what we can work out.
text: Easy HEARS footsteps coming alongside the house where he had
text: been moments ago. KABLAAM! BLAAM! Albright has fired from
text: the inside again, thinking it's him.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Mouse?
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 124 CONTINUED: 124
text: But it's Manny, clutching his throat, gurgling for air,
text: stumbling aimlessly off down the hill. A walking dead
text: man... EASY hears him tumble into some shrubbery and after a
text: moment the gurgling stops.
speaker_heading: ALBRIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: Easy... Hey, Buddy
dialog: (then to Shariff)
dialog: Come on, goddammit!
text: Daphne cries out and KLABLANGLE! Easy breaks the window
text: with the gun but KABLAAM! BLAAM! BLAAM! The windowsill
text: tears out above his head and Daphne screams again.
text: Easy looks up to see Shariff, holding her in front of him as
text: a shield. He's headed straight for Easy, drawing a bead on
text: him for the kill. And then KABLAAM! the back of Shariff's
text: skull flies off and
text: MOUSE is in the side door, blasting. BLAAM!
text: Albright breaks for the window. BLAAM! The slug spins him
text: halfway around but he hurls himself through the window
dialog: backwards.
text: Easy scurries to the front of the house and BLAAM! The
text: bullet goes wide and Albright manages to get into his car
text: and returns fire. BLAAM! BLAAM!... Easy hits the deck.
text: Albright's engine roars to life and he SQUEALS out on the
text: gravel. Mouse appears on the other side of the house and
text: CLICK! CLICK! he's out of ammo. He pulls out the other
text: pistol, but it's too late.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Damn, damn, damn! I hit him! I
dialog: hit him!
text: Easy gets up from the ground and trudges into the front
dialog: door.
scene_heading: 125 INT. ALBRIGHT'S CABIN 125
text: Easy finds Daphne standing in the middle of the room, her
text: whole body quaking in shock. He takes off his jacket and
text: drapes it around her.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Come on... You all right?
text: Her top lip is swollen and bloody and she has a dark bruise
text: on her cheek... She jerks her head, nodding "yes."
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
text: As he leads her through the doorway, he stops to look back
text: at Shariff's legs sprawling out on the floor from behind the
dialog: sofa.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. ALBRIGHT'S CABIN - NIGHT 126
text: He leads her down the front porch and hears.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: There's blood all over here... I
dialog: got him.
text: Mouse gets up from squatting down, grinning, the gold rims
text: of his teeth catching a glint from the light coming through
text: the door. He looks Daphne over, admiring.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Damn. Sweetheart.
text: Easy leads her past, quickly.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: She okay?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Yeah. Let's go.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. ROUTE 9 - NIGHT 127
text: Mouse opens the back seat door of the car and Easy sees that
dialog: there's no one there.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Where's Joppy?
text: And then he looks around quickly, seeing
text: JOPPY'S BODY lying off on the side of the road.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: What happened?
text: Mouse shrugs.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: I didn't have time to be tying him
dialog: up.
text: Daphne sees the body too and starts gagging. Easy's face
text: twists into helpless pain and he holds a handkerchief to
text: Daphne's mouth.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Why, man? Why?
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: 127
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Why what? You just said don't
dialog: shoot him. And I didn't... I
dialog: choked his ass...
text: Easy helps Daphne into the car and closes the door.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Damn Mouse! Why?
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: How I'm gonna help you back there
dialog: foolin' 'round with him?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: He was tied up! Why?!
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Aw, man. If you didn't want him
dialog: kilt you shouldn't have left him
dialog: with me.
text: And he goes around to the passenger side of the car to get
dialog: in.
dialog: Unlike up at the house this was murder -- the same as it had
text: been in Texas with Mouse's stepfather and brother. Tears of
text: rage well up in Easy's eyes as he hears the car door close.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A128 EXT. GLENDALE TRAIN STATION - NIGHT A128
text: Daphne sits in the car, her eyes staring straight ahead,
text: still in shock.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. PLATFORM - NIGHT 128
text: A few people hurry to board the train, Easy and Mouse among
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: I convinced Mouse to take the two
dialog: o'clock train to Pomona and to let
dialog: me handle everything else. He
dialog: could get a train back to Houston
dialog: later that morning... He was fine
dialog: with that but only because he was
dialog: seven thousand dollars richer.
dialog: Daphne had gotten the money out of
text: a locker at the YMCA without a
dialog: word...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 128 CONTINUED: 128
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Because she was still in shock and
dialog: couldn't really talk... Maybe too
dialog: because she had stolen about four
dialog: times that much from Carter.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Listen, if you think you gonna have
dialog: trouble with that dude Frank, I can
dialog: run by and kill him and take that
dialog: evening train to Houston.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Naw, man.
text: He has had enough of Mouse for a while.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Oh. This is for you.
text: And he pulls out something wrapped up in a brown paper bag
text: from his coat.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: I cut you in for half 'cause I knew
dialog: you was too big a fool to take your
dialog: share from that white girl
dialog: yourself.
text: Easy stares numbly at the package and then takes it.
text: The conductor gets on board and the train starts making
text: those metal on metal sounds.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Send my grip to Etta Mae. I'm
dialog: gonna see if she'll take me back
dialog: now that I'm flush.
text: He slaps Easy on the shoulder and boards the train.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Oh, here's the keys to Dupree's
dialog: car.
text: He tosses them, and the train starts moving.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: And if you need somebody to run
dialog: them streets with ya, gimme a call.
dialog: You know how to put some money in a
text: nigga's pocket.
text: And he laughs, flashing gold teeth pulling away.
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: 128 CONTINUED: (2) 128
dialog: Easy watches.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: I knew I would see him again and I
dialog: didn't know how I felt about
dialog: that... 'cause, unlike Mouse, my
dialog: legs were like rubber... the way
dialog: they had been in the war the whole
dialog: two years I was there.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. GRIFFITH PARK OBSERVATORY - NIGHT 129
text: Easy sits in his car smoking a cigarette, rubbing his aching
text: chin, looking out at
speaker_heading: DAPHNE AND CARTER
text: standing on the lawn in front of the planetarium. Carter
text: wanders after Daphne, explaining while she paces back and
text: forth in anger.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I could tell how it was gonna go
dialog: when Carter asked us to meet him at
dialog: the Observatory instead of at his
dialog: house... She knew it, too. But she
dialog: had come this far and she had to
dialog: play it out.
text: Suddenly, Daphne stops abruptly and strides hurriedly back
text: toward the car. Carter follows behind.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Daphne! Daphne, sweetheart!
text: He starts over, too, but then stops, knowing here's no use.
scene_heading: 130 INT. CAR - NIGHT 130
text: She gets in.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: Come on, Easy. Let's go.
text: Easy throws a look over at Carter.
speaker_heading: DAPHNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't worry, you can give him the
dialog: pictures yourself.
text: And she throws them down on the seat.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 131 OMIT 131
text: 132 Easy fires up the engine and pulls away with Daphne 132
text: looking straight ahead.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Hey, I'm sorry.
text: The slight twist of her head amounts to a shrug and then the
text: tears flow. The sun is coming up over the city below...
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: For the first time I felt that I
dialog: could fall in love with her, too...
dialog: I was even wondering if it was
dialog: starting to happen when I dropped
text: her off at 63rd and Dinker where
dialog: her brother, Frank, was waiting...
dialog: Then it occurred to me that she
dialog: still had Carter's money... and I
dialog: felt like a fool.
scene_heading: 133 INT. CITY HALL 133
text: Easy walks onto the rotunda holding a hand to his aching
text: kidney. A secretary comes out to meet him and as she
text: leaves, Todd Carter and a group of men in business suits
text: converge on him, shaking hands.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: Evidently Carter had told all his
dialog: cronies about the pictures because
text: they were all smiles and handshakes
dialog: and "how do ya do"... The Mayor,
dialog: the police chief... The newspaper;
dialog: land developers. All the men who
dialog: ran the City, and who really stood
dialog: to gain by who was the Mayor for
dialog: the next six years.
text: The group fans out leaving Carter and Easy alone to walk off
text: down a hallway.
speaker_heading: 134 OMIT 134
speaker_heading: 135 OMIT 135
scene_heading: 136 INT. MAYOR'S OFFICE 136
text: Spacious and heavy in leather and wood with a not-so-
text: spectacular view of the mountains. It's cold and official
dialog: like the job itself.
text: Carter pulls a brown envelope from inside his coat pocket,
dialog: not unlike Albright.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: 136 CONTINUED: 136
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Here's the remaining eight hundred
dialog: that I owe you... in cash... And
dialog: another thousand which I hope will
dialog: keep this whole thing... you know.
text: Easy nods a tentative "sure."
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And I've taken care of your
dialog: problems with the police. You'll
dialog: have no more trouble there. And
dialog: that's a promise.
text: Easy nods and starts to go, but...
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (continuing; to Easy)
dialog: Mr. Rawlins... did Daphne ever
dialog: say... she loved me?
text: Easy shrugs, not knowing how to answer.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Would it really matter if she did,
dialog: Mr. Carter?
text: Carter nods sadly and Easy walks away leaving him a lonely
text: figure amidst all his power.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. CITY HALL - DAY 137
text: Easy holds his kidney and lowers himself gingerly down the
text: granite steps.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: I'd been thinking about Daphne,
dialog: too... wondering if she meant what
dialog: she said about what could have
dialog: happened between us... But at the
dialog: moment I was wondering if there was
dialog: any such thing as a sprained chin.
dialog: But other than that and a headache,
text: a loose tooth and a kidney that a
dialog: doctor would need to look at, I
dialog: felt like five thousand, three
dialog: hundred dollars... And unless
dialog: Albright was alive somewhere, that
dialog: feelin' was gonna last a while.
speaker_heading: O.S. VOICE
dialog: Hey, Ezekiel.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED: 137
text: Miller and Mason are waiting outside their car at the curb.
text: They come over.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: You got some mighty powerful
dialog: friends up there... mighty
dialog: powerful. But, see, we got a
dialog: problem.
text: Easy listens disinterestedly.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: With the Chief sealing these things
dialog: up like this, it doesn't do much
dialog: for the morale of the men who've
dialog: been working on these cases.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Yeah. Makes 'em feel like shit.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: There's a guy who's been callin' on
dialog: the phone. And we're pretty sure
text: that he was up there with McGee.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: A... uh... colored guy... sounds
dialog: kinda dumb...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: Not very bright... But he said you
dialog: accused him of the murder. And he
dialog: swears you were up there, too...
speaker_heading: MASON
text: In fact, he's out and out pointing
dialog: the finger at ya.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: How about a name?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: He'd do it to you...
text: Easy waits to make sure they're finished, and...
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Sorry, fellas. But I gotta go.
text: He starts away.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED: (2) 137
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Why don't you go back to the
dialog: station and, uh... wait around for
dialog: my call.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You son-of-a-bitch... You watch
dialog: yourself, you hear! Don't you even
dialog: spit on the fucking sidewalk... I
dialog: better not even--
text: Mason's voice fades under.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: It might be the last moment of my
dialog: adult life spent free was walking
text: away from City Hall.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. EASY'S HOUSE - DAY 138
text: A NEWSPAPER HEADLINE reads: "Carter Back In Race."
text: The subheading reads: "Quiet Civic Leader Returns As
dialog: Flamboyant Teran Quits."
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: The paper treated the mysterious
dialog: flip-flop like it happened every
dialog: day. And I could tell that Matthew
dialog: Teran wouldn't spend a day in
text: jail... Back in the second section
dialog: of the paper was a small article
text: about an unidentified man found
text: dead, slumped over the steering
text: wheel of a white Cadillac just
dialog: north of Malibu...
text: FURTHER BACK, we see that Odell is reading the newspaper,
text: nursing a can of ale.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: It scared me to think about a world
dialog: that could kill a man like DeWitt
dialog: Albright... What could a world like
dialog: that do to me?
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Hey, Easy, where's your car?
text: Easy looks up from pulling weeds.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: In the shop... I'm havin' it fixed
text: up a little.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Yeah. Man can't get no decent job
dialog: in this town without a car.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Shoot. I ain't studyin' no job.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Ain't thinkin' 'bout no job? How
dialog: you gonna live?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: I'm gonna go to work for myself.
dialog: Take a little money I got saved up
dialog: and go into real estate... Start
dialog: fixin' up folks' gardens again...
dialog: and do a few favors on the side...
dialog: Favors for friends.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: What you talkin' 'bout, 'favors'?
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Well, like a woman offered me
dialog: thirty dollars to go track down her
dialog: husband for her.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: You talkin' about private
dialog: investigatin' or somethin'... You
dialog: could get in trouble doin' that.
text: Easy keeps working.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: Like a man once said to me, Odell:
dialog: 'Walk out your door in the morning
dialog: and you're already in trouble'...
dialog: It's just how you're mixed up in
dialog: that trouble that counts.
text: Easy gets up and turns on the water hose.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Odell?
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Yeah, Easy...
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: (2) 138
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: If you got a friend that does bad
dialog: and you still keep him as your
dialog: friend, even though you know what
dialog: he's like... Do you think that's
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: All you got is your friends,
dialog: Easy...
text: Easy starts to nod, but then spots
scene_heading: THE WOODCUTTER
text: hovering over a rosebush in a neighbor's yard across the
text: street, his shears ready to cut.
speaker_heading: EASY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Get out of that yard!
dialog: (to Odell)
dialog: Bastard cut down two of my trees.
text: Easy picks up a rock and sails it. Odell comes off the
text: porch and does the same. Then a neighbor from across the
text: street joins in.
text: THE WOODCUTTER ambles off toward another block, leaving
text: Easy, Odell and the neighbor gathered in the middle of the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: 139 UP THE BLOCK 139
text: a man with a pony is setting up a camera. A few children
text: have gathered, and more are running over from other parts of
dialog: the neighborhood.
text: The man props up a hand-painted sign, "Cowboy Pictures -- 15
text: Cents," and lifts the first customer onto the pony
text: positioning a cowboy hat on the child's head.
scene_heading: 140 BACK TO SCENE 140
text: Another neighbor joins Easy and company, and they continue
text: to laugh and talk, looking up from time to time to wave at
text: friends in passing cars.
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.)
dialog: I thought about what Odell had said
dialog: about friends and it made sense to
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 140 CONTINUED: 140
speaker_heading: EASY (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Odell goes to church every Sunday,
dialog: so he would know... Later on, he
dialog: challenged me to a game of
dialog: dominoes. And what'd he do that
dialog: for? We got to talkin' 'bout Texas
text: and fooled around and drunk almost
dialog: a quart of whiskey... And I forgot
dialog: about Daphne Monet, DeWitt Albright
dialog: and Carter and them... And sat with
dialog: my friend, on my porch at my
dialog: house... and we laughed a long
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
