dialog: 
speaker_heading: "DIE HARD"
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: 
dialog: by
dialog: 
dialog: Jeb Stuart
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Revisions by
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Steven E. DeSouza
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: based on the novel
dialog: 
dialog: Nothing Lasts Forever
dialog: 
dialog: by
dialog: Roderick Thorp
dialog: 
scene_heading: WITH REVISION #1 (Blue) WITH REVISION #5 (Goldenrod)
dialog: November 2, 1987 November 5, 1987
speaker_heading: WITH REVISION #2 (Pink) WITH REVISION #6 (Salmon)
dialog: November 4, 1987 November 17, 1987
speaker_heading: WITH REVISION #3 (Green) WITH REVISION #7 (Blue)
dialog: November 4, 1987 November 23, 1987
dialog: 
scene_heading: WITH REVISION #4 (Yellow) WITH REVISION #8 (Pink)
dialog: November 5, 1987 November 30, 1987
speaker_heading: SECOND REVISED DRAFT
dialog: October 2, 1987
dialog: A Gordon Company/Silver Pictures Production
scene_heading: ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
dialog: 
speaker_heading: "DIE HARD"
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 1 405 FREEWAY - LOS ANGELES - EARLY EVENING 1
text: Christmas tinsel on the light poles. We ARE LOOKING east past
text: Inglewood INTO the orange grid of L.A. at night when suddenly
text: we TILT UP TO CATCH the huge belly of a landing 747 -- the
text: noise is deafening.
scene_heading: 2 INT. 747 - PASSENGERS - SAME 2
dialog: The usual moment just after landing when you let out that sigh
dialog: of relief that you've made it in one piece. As the plane TAXIS
text: to its gate, they stir, gather personal belongings.
speaker_heading: 3 ON JOHN MCCLANE 3
text: mid-thirties, good-looking, athletic and tired from his trip.
text: He sits by the window. His relief on landing is subtle, but
dialog: we NOTICE. Suddenly, he hears --
speaker_heading: SALESMAN'S VOICE
dialog: You don't like flying, do you?
text: McClane turns, looks at the Babbit clone next to him. Caught,
text: he tenses, holds his armrests in exaggerated fear.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: No, no, where'd you get that idea?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Ya wanna know the secret of successful
dialog: air travel? After you get where you're
dialog: going, ya take off your shoes and socks.
dialog: Then ya walk around on the rug barefoot
dialog: and make fists with your toes.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Fists with your toes.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Maybe it's not a fist when it's your
dialog: toes...I mean like this...work out
dialog: that time zone tension.
dialog: (demonstrating)
dialog: Better'n a cup of coffee and a hot
dialog: shower for the old jet lag. I know
dialog: it sounds crazy. Trust me. I've
dialog: been doing it for nine years.
text: The plane stops. Passengers rise, start to take down overhead
text: luggage. McClane does this, but as he opens the door above,
dialog: the businessman BLANCHES seeing:
scene_heading: 3-A HIS P.O.V. - MCCLANE'S BARETTA PISTOL 3-A
text: Peeking out from his jacket.
scene_heading: 3-B BACK TO SCENE 3-B
text: Recognizing the look, McClane smiles reassuringly.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: It's okay.
dialog: (showing badge)
dialog: I'm a cop.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Trust me. I've been doing it for
dialog: eleven.
text: The businessman relaxes, moves off. McClane now wrestles down
dialog: the biggest Teddy Bear FAO Schwartz had to offer. Balancing
text: this, he moves down to another overhead, takes out a topcoat
text: and an overnighter. Barely managing all this, he turns,
speaker_heading: COLLIDING WITH:
scene_heading: 3-C A PRETTY STEWARDESS 3-C
text: She bumps noses with the bear, gives a look.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: (smiling, about the bear)
dialog: Maybe you should have bought her a
dialog: ticket.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Her?
text: He scrutinizes the nether regions of the bear, shrugs.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: She doesn't complain.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: (eying him)
dialog: Neither would I.
text: McClane smiles, with just enough of a sigh to know he's as
dialog: wistful about things-that-might-have-been as she is...moves
dialog: down the aisle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 4 INT. THE NAKATOMI BUILDING (LOS ANGELES) - EVENING 4
text: CLOSE ON A bottle of Dom Perignon as the cork explodes across
text: a large office floor decorated for Christmas. A Japanese man,
text: mid-fifties standing on a desk holds up the bottle triumphantly
text: and looks out at an adoring audience of junior executives and
dialog: office personnel. He is JOSEPH TAKAGI, Sr V.P. of Sales for
dialog: Nakatomi, a multinational corporation.
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen...I congratulate
dialog: each and every one of you for making
dialog: this one of the greatest days in the
dialog: history of the Nakatomi corporation...
text: In the b.g., obviously still at work, an attractive BUSINESSWOMAN
text: in her mid-thirties, studying a computer printout, heads toward
text: her office. Falling into step with her is HARRY ELLIS,
text: thirty-seven, V.P. of Sales. Well-dressed, with stylish,
dialog: slicked-back hair, he looks and acts very smooth.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: What about dinner?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (HOLLY)
dialog: Harry, it's Christmas Eve. Families...
dialog: Stockings...chestnuts...Rudolph and
dialog: Frosty...those things ring a bell?
dialog: She turns into:
speaker_heading: 5 HER OFFICE 5
text: Her name is HOLLY GENNARO MCCLANE, though the nameplate on her
text: door stops after the first two. She puts the printout down
text: on her secretary's desk.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: (in reply)
dialog: I was thinking more of roaring
dialog: fireplaces...mulled wine and a nice
dialog: brie...
text: Holly ignores the come-on, turns to her secretary.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Ginny, it's 6:40, you're making me
dialog: feel like Ebeneezer Scrooge. Go on,
dialog: join the party, have some champagne.
text: Ginny slowly manipulates herself out of her seat. She is
dialog: enormously pregnant.
speaker_heading: GINNY
dialog: (grateful)
dialog: Thanks Ms. Gennaro.
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Do you think the baby can handle
dialog: a little sip?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (eyeing her)
dialog: Ginny, that baby's ready to tend bar.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: (not giving up)
dialog: How about tomorrow night?
text: Holly just points to the door. He follows Ginny out, clearly
text: not giving up. Just then the party on Holly's phone picks up
dialog: and we:
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 6 INT. NICE HOUSE IN SANTA MONICA 6
text: where a five-year old LUCY MCCLANE races her YOUNGER BROTHER
text: to the phone, winsthe wrestling match, and answers with a sense
dialog: of importance. An Xmas tree is in the b.g.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: McClane residence. Lucy McClane
dialog: speaking.
text: Holly suddenly smiles. It is the first time we've seen her
dialog: smile and it speaks volumes about the person hidden under a
dialog: tough business exterior.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (with affection)
dialog: Hello, Lucy McClane. This is your
dialog: mother.
text: She looks up and watches Ellis leave. He "shoots" her with a
dialog: "catch ya later" wink.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Mommy! When are you coming home?!
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Soon. You'll be in bed when I get
dialog: there, though.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Will you come say 'good night'?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Don't I always, you goose?
dialog: (enjoying Lucy's giggle)
dialog: Now put Paulina on the line, and
dialog: no searching the house for presents!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (caught)
dialog: I didn't look in the front closet
dialog: under the steps! Is Daddy coming
dialog: home with you?
speaker_heading: JOHN, JR.
dialog: (hearing this, jumping up
dialog: and down)
dialog: Yeah! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!
dialog: (on second thought)
dialog: And a Captain Power!
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (a little tightly)
dialog: Well, we'll see what Santa and Mommy
dialog: can do. Goose, put Paulina on, okay?
text: Lucy hands the phone to a young Salvadorian woman, PAULINA,
dialog: the housekeeper.
speaker_heading: PAULINA
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Holly. You coming home
dialog: soon?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I'm working on it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Did Mr. McClane call? *
speaker_heading: PAULINA
dialog: No ma'am.
text: Holly hides a trace of disappointment.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Well...maybe there wasn't time before *
dialog: the flight. You should probably make
text: up the spare room just in case.
speaker_heading: PAULINA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yes, Mrs. Holly. I do that already. *
text: Holly's smile comes through again.
scene_heading: 7 INT. LAX - EVENING 7
text: McClane, wearing his wool topcoat and carrying the biggest
text: stuffed animal FAO Schwartz had in stock and his hangup bag,
text: comes down the American Airlines ramp and into the terminal.
text: He avoids one near-collision involving his stuffed animal, an
text: act which drives him into another fender bender with a CUTE
text: GIRL who looks like she's ready for high tide at Zuma. As she
text: smiles, weaves onward, McClane looks at his own Arctic gear
text: and then the girl as she kisses a similarly garbed boyfriend.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (sotto, to himself)
dialog: California.
dialog: He looks around the terminal at:
scene_heading: 7-A HIS P.O.V. - TERMINAL 7-A
text: FAMILY REUNIONS are going on all around his as grandparents
dialog: greet grown children and their children, YOUNG WIVES greet
text: uniformed SOLDIERS, our Babbit businessman greets a pleasant
dialog: wife and two pleasant kids. It's all very traditional, very
dialog: touching and not the least bit corny.
scene_heading: 7-B BACK TO SCENE 7-B
text: McClane watches, moved by the sight, then looks around the
text: waiting area, just on the chance his family might be waiting.
text: Instead he spots a thin, gangling black kid, ARGYLE, in an
text: ill-fitting chauffeur's uniform. As he waits he beats out a
text: rhythmn on a "Nakatomi Corporation" card with J. McCLANE written
text: on it in magic marker. McClane pauses in front of him, unsure.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I'm John McClane.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (introducing himself)
dialog: Argyle. I'm your limo driver. Hey,
dialog: nice bag.
text: He turns and starts walking. McClane paces him, still juggling
dialog: bag and giant animal.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Argyle. Don't you take this stuff?
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (stops)
dialog: Do I? I'm sorry. You're gonna have to
dialog: help me, man. This is my first time
dialog: driving a limo.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: That's okay. This is my first time
dialog: riding in one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 8 WITH THE LIMO - DUSK 8
text: TILT UP from the Lincoln emblem on the car.
text: Both Argyle and McClane are in the front seat.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Just kick back and relax, man. We
dialog: got everything you need: CD, CB,
dialog: TV, VHS, telephone, full bar.
text: He looks in the back seat, which is occupied by the bear.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: If your friend is hot to trot...I
dialog: know a couple of mama bears.
dialog: (turning to McClane)
dialog: ...Or is he married?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Married.
text: McClane tries to get comfortable, scowls as a RUSTLING NOISE
text: reveals wrappers and styrofoam from Taco Bell. He scowls at
dialog: Argyle.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: The girl was off today. Hey, I
dialog: didn't expect you to sit up front.
dialog: (back to the topic)
dialog: So, your lady live out here?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: The past six months.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (thinking about that)
dialog: Meanwhile, you still live in
dialog: New York?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: You're nosey, you know that, Argyle?
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Hey, I'm sorry. When I was a
dialog: cabdriver, see, people expected a little
dialog: chit chat, a little eccentricity and
dialog: comaraderie, I forgot how stuck up you
dialog: limo guys were, so excuse me.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (amused)
dialog: It's okay, it's okay.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: So, you divorced of what?
dialog: McClane gives up.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: She had a good job, it turned into
dialog: a great career.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: But meant her moving here.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Closer to Japan. You're fast.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: So, why didn't you come?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: 'Cause I'm a New York cop who used
dialog: to be a New York kid, and I got six
dialog: months backlog of New York scumbags
dialog: I'm still trying to put behind bars.
dialog: I don't just get up and move.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (to the point)
dialog: You mean you thought she wouldn't
dialog: make it out here and she'd come
dialog: crawling on back, so why bother to
dialog: pack?
dialog: McClane grins, he like Argyle even if he is direct.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Like I said, Argyle...you're fast.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (popping in a cassette)
dialog: Mind if I play some tunes?
text: A hard RAP SONG blasts from the speakers.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: How 'bout some Christmas music?
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: That is Christmas music.
dialog: And damned it if isn't, the Fat Boys of Run DMC doing a
dialog: revisionist number on WHITE CHRISTMAS or something. McClane
text: gives up, looks out the window.
speaker_heading: 9 HIS P.O.V. 9
dialog: Convertibles with Christmas trees in their back seats,
dialog: Time/Temperature signs which reads: 69 degrees, palm trees
text: trimmed in Christmas lights, intermittent West side token
dialog: "Happy Chanukahs"...it is clear that Christmas L.A. style has
dialog: its own unique style.
speaker_heading: 10- OUT OUT 10-
dialog: 11 11
scene_heading: 11-A THE LIMO - CENTURY CITY 11-A
dialog: TILT DOWN FROM one of the stars of this film, the well-lit,
text: impressive and spanking-new NAKATOMI BUILDING. The limo pulls
text: up, parks, and Argyle gets out. McClane lets himself out,
dialog: which is fine because Argyle doesn't remember he's supposed to
text: do it. They both go to the rear of the vehicle.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. NAKATOMI BUILDING - NIGHT 12
text: Argyle climbs out of the limo and stops by the trunk.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: So, you go on upstairs to the party,
dialog: your lady sees you, you run into each
dialog: other's arms. Music comes up, you
dialog: live happily ever after, that it?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: It's corny, but I could live with it.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: What is it don't work out that way?
dialog: Where you gonna stay?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I'll find someplace.
text: He looks up at the highrise lit by huge spotlights, then
text: back at Argyle who's made no attempt to open the trunk.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Tell you what. I'll pull into the
dialog: parking garage and wait. You score
dialog: with your wife give me a call on the
dialog: car phone and I'll leave your bags
dialog: inside at the desk. You strike out...
dialog: I'll get you to a hotel.
text: He hands McClane a business card with the number on it.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (taking the number)
dialog: You're all right, Argyle.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Just remember that when you sign
dialog: for the tip.
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: building)
dialog: They're paying for it, so don't be
dialog: shy.
text: McClane grins, heads inside.
scene_heading: 13 INT. NAKATOMI LOBBY - NIGHT 13
text: Beautiful and -- on first glance -- deserted. Finally a
text: SOUND in the sterile lobby reveals the presence of a
text: SECURITY GUARD hidden until now behind a massive desk.
text: McClane goes there, signs in.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Holly McClane?
text: The Guard points to a prominent touch screen computer console.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Just type it in there.
text: McClane is confused for a moment, then he moves to the screen.
text: He gives the Guard a look...the Guard raises his eyebrows as
dialog: if to say give it a try.
scene_heading: 13-A SCREEN - CLOSER 13-A
text: McClane types, "McClane, Holly". Pause. The screen replies,
scene_heading: NO SUCH EMPLOYEE LISTED.
speaker_heading: 13-B MCCLANE 13-B
text: Frowns...thinks. Simultaneously inspired and suspicious, he
dialog: types again.
speaker_heading: 13-C THE SCREEN 13-C
text: McClane types, GENNERO, HOLLY. This time the screen CHANGES,
text: shows an elevation of the building and then a floor plan of the
text: 30th floor with Holly's office BLINKING. *
scene_heading: 13-D BACK TO SCENE 13-D
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Cute toy.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Yeah. When you have to take a leak
dialog: it'll help you find your zipper.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Thirtieth floor... *
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Take the express elevator and get
dialog: off at the noise.
text: McClane nods, moves off. He moves to the elevators, and as he
dialog: does his experienced eye takes in:
scene_heading: 13-E ANOTHER SECURITY GUARD 13-E
dialog: Patrolling a different area.
scene_heading: 13-F SEVERAL HI-TECH CAMERAS AND SENSORS 13-F
text: which are cleverly worked into the decor of the lobby.
scene_heading: 13-G BACK TO SCENE 13-G
text: McClane reacts with bored professionalism, NODS to the guard.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Lots of hardware...
text: The guard shrugs. McClane gets in the elevator.
scene_heading: 14 INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT 14
text: McClane hits "30" and REACTS to the hyper-powered SPEED with
text: which he rises. He rotates his head, getting out the travel
dialog: cricks.
text: As he approaches the 30th floor we hear a tremendous THUMPING,
text: THROBBING NOISE. McClane stops and listens before he
text: realizes -- it's the party. As the doors open the noise
dialog: ATTACKS us.
speaker_heading: 15 30TH FLOOR - SAME 15
text: McClane moves around the edge of the party, gradually
text: spiraling inward. He grabs a glass of Mimosa champagne punch
text: from a passing tray, sips...scowls. Spotting open beers in
text: an ice bucket, he tosses the punch into a potted plant, even
text: burying the plastic glass. Sipping the beer, he moves through
text: the dense party. People he doesn't know throw streamers over
dialog: him.
text: A WOMAN kisses him. He grins. A MAN kisses him.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (to himself, shaking
dialog: his head)
dialog: California...
text: Finally he queries a DANCING WOMAN. The MUSIC drowns out their
text: words but she nods, points off in some generic direction.
text: McClane heads that way, cuts around a Christmas tree, loses
dialog: his bearings. He sees:
speaker_heading: 15-A TAKAGI 15-A
text: who has an air of authority. McClane goes up to him.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Excuse me, I'm looking for --
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: Holly Gennero?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Yeah. How'd you know?
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: I've spent half my life on airplanes, *
dialog: I can recognize someone who just
dialog: got off one.
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: I'm Joe Takagi, Mr. McClane. I have
dialog: ...something to do with this company.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: So I've heard.
text: Takagi smiles, leads the way. As they approach Holly's office
text: door, McClane notices the name there is -- again -- "Gennero".
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: Holly went to the Vault room to FAX
dialog: some documents...she should be back
dialog: any...
speaker_heading: 16 HOLLY'S OFFICE 16
text: Ellis is behind the desk. He's SNIFFLING and just as they
text: come in he SWEEPS the back of the slick desktop with his hand.
text: Both McClane and Takagi catch on...but Takagi tries to hide
dialog: his awareness.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Ah...hi...I just had to make a quick
dialog: call, and this was the nearest phone...
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: (as Ellis rises)
dialog: Ellis, this is John McClane...
dialog: (with meaning)
dialog: Holly's policeman?
dialog: (to McClane)
dialog: Ellis is in charge of International
dialog: Acquisitions.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (shaking hands with Ellis)
dialog: That explains the recent deal with
dialog: Bolivia.
text: Ellis REACTS, runs a checking finger under his nose.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Relax, Ellis. I'm off duty.
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: (eager to change the
dialog: subject, to McClane)
dialog: Can I get you anything? Food? Cake?
dialog: Watered down champagne punch?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: I'm fine.
dialog: (looking through the
dialog: glass)
dialog: You throw quite a party. I didn't
dialog: know they had Christmas in Japan.
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: Hey, we're flexible. Pearl Harbor
dialog: didn't work out, we got you with
dialog: tape decks.
dialog: McClane laughs. He likes this guy.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Actually, it's kind of a double celebration. *
dialog: We closed a pretty big deal today and a lot
dialog: of it was due to Holly.
text: The door OPENS. Holly comes inside.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: All set, Joe. The contracts went
dialog: over the wire, and --
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: John...!
scene_heading: 16-A MCCLANE AND HOLLY 16-A
dialog: A moment. Does the sound of the party stop for him? We know
dialog: it. For her? It's more cryptic. We sure hope so.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: I was hoping you made that flight.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I was hoping you were hoping that.
text: She laughs, kisses him on the cheek. Ellis notes the awkwardness.
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: (to McClane)
dialog: You wife's made for this business.
dialog: She know how to drive a hard bargain.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Yeah. I remember our first date.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Show him the watch.
dialog: As she hesitates:
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Go on, show him. What're you,
dialog: embarrassed?
dialog: (to McClane)
dialog: A little token of our appreciation
dialog: for all her work.
text: He takes Holly's wrist, holds it up. McClane smoothly takes
text: the wrist away from Ellis, looks at the watch.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Nice, but one of us is three hours
dialog: out of sync. I think it's me.
dialog: (to Holly, pointedly)
dialog: Is there a place I can wash up?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (happy for the excuse)
dialog: Sure. Follow me.
text: They go out. Alone, Takagi's look at Ellis shows his
dialog: disapproval of certain snow at Christmas.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 17 EXT. NAKATOMI - NIGHT 17
text: An Emory freight truck turns off Olympic into the underground
dialog: parking garage of Nakatomi.
scene_heading: 18 INT. PARKING GARAGE 18
text: It goes down the ramp and passes Argyle's black limo. The
dialog: driver's seat is EMPTY.
scene_heading: 19 INT. LIMO - SAME 19
text: Argyle sits in the back seat hidden from the outside world by
text: the tinted rear windows. He is making a drink from the bar
text: with the TV on and his rap music blasting from the cassette
text: player, oblivious to the truck passing behind him.
scene_heading: 20 INT. PARKING GARAGE - SAME 20
text: The Emory truck stops in front of the service elevator on the
text: next level down. As the truck idles, the uniformed driver
text: makes a note on his clipboard.
scene_heading: 21 INT. ELLIS' OFFICE - NIGHT 21
text: TILT UP FROM McClane's BARE FEET. He is clenching and
text: unclenching his toes.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (surprised, actually feeling
dialog: tension decline)
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch. It works.
text: Holly sits on the desk here, watches him remove his jacket, tie
text: shirt, etc. Begin to wash up in the private bath.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: It's a long story. You know, I
dialog: think that Ellis has his eye on you.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: That's okay...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ... I have an eye on his private
dialog: bathroom.
text: McClane's face shows his relief (or rather, his attempt not
dialog: to show any).
dialog: *
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: So, where are you staying? This *
dialog: all happened so fast I didn't even
dialog: ask you on the phone.
text: McClane finishes drying his face and steps to the bath doorway.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Well, Cappy Roberts retired out
dialog: here a couple years ago. He said I
dialog: could bunk with him.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Oh...Where does he live?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Ramona...no, Pomona, that's it.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Pomona! You'll be in the car the
dialog: whole time...Look, let's make this
dialog: easy. I have a spare bedroom. It's
dialog: not huge, but the kids would love to
dialog: have you at the house.
text: McClane fixes her with a look.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: They would, huh?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (beat; honest)
dialog: I would too.
dialog: *
text: They lock eyes for a moment, but it's an intense moment that
dialog: says a lot about how they still feel about each other.
text: Just then a man and a woman, both a little tipsy, open the
text: door to the office, see that it's occupied and beat a hasty
text: retreat. The interruption temporarily dents the mood. Holly
text: tries to smile. But for McClane it's the last frustration.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: ...I've missed you. *
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Especially my name. You must miss
dialog: it every time you write a check. When
dialog: did you start calling yourself
dialog: 'Ms. Gennero'?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (caught)
dialog: This is a Japanese company, you know?
dialog: They figure a married woman, she's on
dialog: the way out the door...
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Sure. It's unnerving. I remember
dialog: this one particular married woman,
dialog: she went out the door so fast there
dialog: was practically a jetwash...I mean,
dialog: talk about your wind chill factor...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Didn't we have this same conversation
dialog: in July? Damn it, John, there was
dialog: an opportunity out here -- I had to
dialog: take it --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: No matter what it did to our marriage -- ?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: My job and my title and my salary did
dialog: nothing to our marriage except change
dialog: your idea of what it should be.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Oh, here it comes. One of those
dialog: 'meaningful relationship conversations.'
dialog: I never should've let you get those
dialog: magazine subscriptions --
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: You want to know my idea of a marriage?
dialog: It's a partnership where people help
dialog: each other over the rough spots --
dialog: console each other when there's a
dialog: down...and when there's an up, well,
dialog: hell, a little Goddamn applause or
dialog: an attaboy wouldn't be too bad.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I needed that, John.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I deserved that.
text: There's a clumsy pause as if she's almost challenging him to
text: say...something but he sets his jaw, says nothing. Just then
text: the door opens and Ginny leans inside.
speaker_heading: GINNY
dialog: Miz Gennero? Mr. Takagi is looking
dialog: for you...he wants you to say something
dialog: to the troops...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Thanks, Ginny. I'll be a second.
dialog: Oh, this is --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (mock bright 'radio' voice)
dialog: Hi. John Gennero here. I'm the
dialog: sensitive and supportive man of the
dialog: eighties.
text: Ginny looks puzzled, goes out. Holly sighs, moves to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I'll be a few minutes. Wait here --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Don't I always?
text: She's gone. Immediately, he slaps his forehead, contrite.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Schmuck!
dialog: 22- OUT OUT 22-
dialog: 23 23
scene_heading: 24 INT. BUILDING LOBBY - SAME TIME 24
text: The Guard at the front desk notices the Emory truck on his
text: monitor. The Guard continues to watch the Emory truck and
text: only half notices as a Mercedes pulls up in front of the
text: building and two extremely well-dressed BUSINESSMAN (late
text: twenties) climb out and start up the stairs for the door. As
text: they cross the lobby to the Guard's table to sign in, we hear
dialog: their conversation.
speaker_heading: MAN #1 (THEO)
dialog: (animatedly)
dialog: ...So, Kareem rebounds -- listen,
dialog: this is a great play -- feeds Worthy
dialog: on the break, over to A.C., to Magic,
dialog: back to Worthy in the lane and --
text: Suddenly the other man pulls out a Walther pistol with a
text: silencer and aims it at the Guard's forehead. Before the
dialog: Guard can react he pulls the trigger.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Boom...two points.
dialog: (The speed with which the murder takes place sets the tone
text: for the rest of the action.) The killer moves behind the
text: desk, stepping over a small pool of blood from the Guard.
text: His name is KYLE, big, with long blond hair like a rock
text: drummer. Karl takes off the silencer and looks at the video
text: monitor of the Emory truck. The first man, Theo, opens his
text: briefcase, takes out a portable CB radio and speaks into it.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: We're in.
speaker_heading: 25 ON THE SCREEN 25
text: the driver nods at the security camera as several men climb out of
text: the rear of the van and begin unloading wooden crates by the
dialog: service elevator.
scene_heading: 26 INT. ELLIS' OFFICE - NIGHT 26
text: McClane looks at all the lavishness around him and picks up a
text: phone by the toilet. He opens his wallet and takes out the
text: phone number Argyle have him. A photo of his children stops
dialog: him.
dialog: It's of Holly, the two children and himself in happier days:
dialog: Six months ago, before Nakatomi came calling to Holly's door.
text: McClane flips it over. On the back in crude but painstaking
dialog: hand of a five-year-old it says: WE MISS YOU, DADDY. LOVE
speaker_heading: LUCY (and in more primitive letters) JOHN.
text: McClane returns the photo to his wallet, dials the number.
scene_heading: 26 INT. BUILDING OPERATIONS CONTROL ROOM 26
text: Theo enters the small control room and comfortably sits behind
text: a maintenance keyboard. Whistling a vaguely familiar tune, he
text: TYPES in some commands and locks down the passenger elevators
text: up to the 30th floor. Then with several more computer commands,
dialog: systematically causes:
text: 27 THE HEAVY STEEL GATES TO THE PARKING GARAGE CLOSE 27
text: 28 THE ESCALATORS TO THE GARAGE COME TO A STOP 28
speaker_heading: 29 OUT OUT 29
speaker_heading: 30 CONTROL ROOM - SAME 30
text: Theo finishes typing and disconnects the keyboard and pulls out
text: the wires from beneath the panel.
scene_heading: 31 INT. LOBBY - SAME 31
text: The doors to a service elevator open TO REVEAL HANS GRUBER,
text: impeccably dressed, lean and handsome, he steps out into the
text: lobby like he owns the building -- and in a way he does.
text: Theo steps to the door of the control room and tosses Hans a
speaker_heading: COMPUTER CARD.
text: Hans goes to the front door, waves the card over a magnetic
text: plate. An LED BLINKS and the door LOCKS with a THUD.
text: Hans looks out at the street. Appropriately enough, "not a
text: creature is stirring." Century City is quiet.
speaker_heading: 32- OUT OUT 32-
dialog: 35 35
scene_heading: 35-A LOBBY - QUICK CUTS 35-A
text: An elevator opens REVEALING TEN MORE MEN, all armed with
text: Kalashnikov machine guns are carrying canvas kit bags. One
text: of them, EDDIE, a rugged American in his twenties, goes to
text: the dead guard and immediately begins changing into his cloths.
dialog: Meanwhile:
text: A) Karl takes a tool case from the elevator and joins his
text: brother TONY, first playfully grabbing him. They head
dialog: for the basement stairwell;
text: B) Theo leaves the control room and nods to Hans.
dialog: C) Eddie finished adjusting buttons and snaps on his
text: pilfered uniform, takes his position behind the front desk.
speaker_heading: 36 HANS 36
text: looks at his watch and seems pleased. He steps into the service
text: elevator with the others and presses the button for the 30th
text: floor. The entire sequence has taken maybe sixty seconds.
scene_heading: 37 INT. ELLIS' BATHROOM - 30th FLOOR - SAME 37
text: McClane is still barefoot, his pant legs now rolled up above
text: his ankles. He stretches his toes again. Damn, it works. He
text: lights up a new Marlboro, dials a number on the (bathroom)
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: 38 INT. BUILDING BASEMENT - PHONE ROOM 38
text: A large sign says: PACIFIC BELL EMPLOYEES ONLY. Inside Tony
text: stands in front of an intimidating matrix of phone lines -- but
dialog: what he has in mind won't require a doctorate in Electrical
text: Engineering. Karl comes over, gives his an elder brother's
text: punch on the arm, points out what to do. Together they focus
text: on four CPV plastic conduits which run out of the main panel
text: over their heads. Tony nods. Opens a case REVEALING a
dialog: compact electric chainsaw.
scene_heading: 39 INT. ELLIS' BATHROOM - RESUME 39
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Argyle...?
speaker_heading: 40 INT. LIMO 40
text: Argyle is reclining on the seat. The music is on so loud that
dialog: it is nearly impossible to hear.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Hey, John, what's the word on you
dialog: and your lady?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE'S VOICE
dialog: The vote's not in yet.
scene_heading: 41 INT. PHONE ROOM - SAME 41
text: Karl cuts through the four tubes one at a time.
scene_heading: 42 INT. ELLIS' BATHROOM - SAME 42
text: McClane on the phone.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE'S VOICE
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: 'Vote's not in yet?' What's that
dialog: supposed to mean.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: What do you want, 'All My Children'?
dialog: We're making progress. After I get my
dialog: foot out of my mouth, we'll really be
dialog: cooking, and then I can --
text: He stops and gently taps the phone cradle. No dial tone.
speaker_heading: 43 INT. LIMO 43
text: Argyle looks at the phone.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: What?...Mr. Mac, you there?
text: He turns down the music but there is on one on the line.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Well, call me back, John. You got
dialog: the number.
text: He hangs up and turns the volume back up.
speaker_heading: 44 ELLIS' OFFICE 44
text: McClane hangs up the original phone and then tries the other
text: one on the desk. It, too, is dead.
scene_heading: 45 INT. SERVICE ELEVATOR 45
text: Hans and the others approaching the 30th floor. As they grow
text: closer, we hear the noise of the speakers growing louder and
text: louder. The men cock their weapons and brace themselves as the
text: car stops and the elevator doors open. ON THE SOUND OF GUNSHOTS
speaker_heading: AND SCREAMS WE:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 46 INT. ELLIS' OFFICE 46
text: McClane grabs his shoulder harness off the back of the chair,
text: moves quickly to the doorway. He looks down the hall.
speaker_heading: 47 MCCLANE'S P.O.V. 47
text: Two terrorists, FRANCE and FRITZ, armed with M-5 machine guns
text: searching the offices on the hall one by one. They open a door,
text: look in from the hallway, and move on quickly to the next.
text: They are four offices away and moving fast.
text: McClane looks across the corridor and sees the stairwell door
dialog: -- too far to reach without being seen.
speaker_heading: 48 MCCLANE 48
text: steps back, throws off the safety on his Beretta and braces
text: himself. He opens the door, peers through a crack at:
scene_heading: 49 HALLWAY - FRANCE AND FRITZ 49
text: QUICK CUTS as McClane's eyes SCAN their weapons...he's totally
text: outgunned, and he knows it.
text: Franco and Fritz reach the office just before Ellis' and throw
text: open the door REVEALING the man and woman who interrupted Holly
text: and McClane a few minutes before, now in the throes of
text: passionate lovemaking on the desk. The two terrorists smile
text: at each other, then enter the office.
text: A moment later the man, (trying desperately to pull up his
text: pants) and the woman (buttoning her blouse) are pushed out
text: into the hall and toward the larger group by Fritz. The other
text: terrorist, Franco, goes to Ellis' office and opens the door.
dialog: It is...empty.
scene_heading: 50 INT. STAIRWELL - SAME 50
text: CLOSE ON McClane's bare feet padding quickly up the concrete
text: stairs, two at a time. We FOLLOW him up, then out onto the:
speaker_heading: 50-A 31th FLOOR 50-A
text: This is the mezzanine floor immediately above the main
text: Nakatomi lobby. McClane sees Theo and KRISTOFF wheeling carts
text: of equipment. McClane ducks back into the stairwell, he runs
dialog: up another flight and out onto:
speaker_heading: 51 UNFINISHED FLOOR 51
dialog: Eventually it will be one large secretarial pool, but only a
text: portion is completed. Half-finished partitions and office
text: furniture in its original plastic wrappings are everywhere.
text: One end has a few lonely finished working areas.
text: McClane moves quickly to a desk and picks up a phone. It's
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Shit...
text: He looks out the window at:
scene_heading: 51-A NEIGHBORING BUILDING - MCCLANE'S P.O.V. 51-A
text: A high-rise apartment building a half-block away sparkles with
text: lights. McClane stares at a PRETTY GIRL in her bedroom. She's
dialog: wearing drop dead underwear right out of the Victoria's Secret
text: catalog. As we watch, she flops down on her bed, and with
text: one long leg in the air, effortlessly dials
text: a call on her high-tech phone. It seems so easy.
scene_heading: 51-B BACK TO SCENE 51-B
text: Frustrated, he watches this, knits his brow.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Think...
scene_heading: 52 INT. 30th FLOOR (HOSTAGE FLOOR) - SAME 52
text: The employees have been herded to the center of the room where
text: the desks have been pulled back. Many people are whimpering.
speaker_heading: 52-A HOLLY 52-A
text: She looks around the room for McClane. She's so intent on
text: this that she doesn't see one TERRORIST waving her forward.
text: Exasperated, he SHOVES her. Her glare at him shows us her
dialog: mettle.
speaker_heading: 52-B WIDER 52-B
text: As the employees are bunched together, Ellis seeks out Holly.
text: He's clearly scared but trying to fake courage. He pats her
dialog: hand "reassuringly."
text: Hans steps up on top of a desk and looks over the group. He
text: reaches into a pocket...several people CRINGE...but what he
text: comes out with is a Bottega Venata pocket notebook. He checks
text: his own scribblings like a dais speaker.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (soothing, in control)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, due to the
dialog: Nakatomi Corporation's legacy of
dialog: greed around the globe, it is about
dialog: to be taught a lesson on real power.
dialog: You...will be witnesses.
dialog: If our demands are not met, however --
dialog: (sad smile)
dialog: -- You may become participants instead.
dialog: (beat, checking notes)
dialog: Now, where is...'Takagi'? Where is
dialog: the man who...
dialog: (slight smile)
dialog: ...used to be in charge here?
text: Takagi is shoved forward. He's worried but far from cowed.
text: Hans steps towards him. Extends a hand.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (quite civil)
dialog: Mr. Takagi. How do you do. My
dialog: name is Hans Gruber.
text: Takagi is confused by his charm. Hans waves politely in the
text: direction of an elevator and with an armed escort takes the
text: executive away. CAMERA ADJUSTS to show Holly, concerned.
scene_heading: 56 INT. STAIRWELL - 33rd FLOOR - SAME 56
text: McClane pauses outside the stairwell door to the 33rd floor,
text: he presses the handle and cracks the door open TO REVEAL a
text: computer floor. The computer machinery drones on under the
text: lights behind plate glass windows. McClane quietly closes
text: the door and moves to another floor.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (mumbling to himself)
dialog: 32 construction...33 computers...
speaker_heading: 57- OUT OUT 57-
speaker_heading: 58 58
scene_heading: 59 INT. SERVICE ELEVATOR - NIGHT 59
text: Hans, Takagi, Karl and Tony. Riding silently. Hans alone
text: seems relaxed. He whistles. We recognize it as a snatch of
dialog: Wagner.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Nice suit. John Philips...London?
text: Takagi stares at him, speechless.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I have two myself.
dialog: (beat, as he exits:)
dialog: I'm told Arafat shops there too...
scene_heading: 60 INT. STAIRWELL 60
text: McClane starts to open the stairwell door to the Machine Floor
text: when a NOISE above him gets his attention. He moves silently
text: up one flight to the roof. Quietly, he cracks the door and
text: looks out onto a Machine Floor on the lower level of the roof.
speaker_heading: 61 MCCLANE'S P.O.V. 61
text: Three terrorist, JAMES, ULI and HEINRICH, are unpacking the
dialog: wooden crates we saw in the garage from the service elevator.
dialog: It's not clear what they're doing but it seems very military
text: like and ominously defensive. Heinrich POINTS up to the
text: ceiling and says something in German. The others nod. Heinrich
dialog: starts to turn towards the CAMERA and:
speaker_heading: 62 MCCLANE 62
text: closes the door and slips back down the stairs.
scene_heading: 63 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - BOARD ROOM FLOOR - NIGHT 63
text: Hands enters, looks around. *
speaker_heading: HANS *
dialog: And when Alexander saw the breadth
dialog: of his domain, he wept. For there
dialog: were no more worlds to conquer.
dialog: (to Takagi)
dialog: The benefits of a classical education.
text: Hans admired a scale model of a bridge. Behind him are *
text: photographs of the gorge where the bridge will be constructed.
text: Karl and Tony listen. Takagi watches.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: It's beautiful. I always enjoyed
dialog: models as a boy. The exactness, the
dialog: attention to every foreseeable detail...
dialog: perfection.
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: This is what this is about? Out
dialog: building project in Indonesia?
dialog: Contrary to what you people think,
dialog: we're going to develop that region...
dialog: not 'exploit' it.
text: Hans straightens, looks hard at Takagi.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I believe you.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I read the article in Forbes. *
text: Takagi looks confused. Hans puts a friendly arm around Takagi's
text: shoulders and guides him into the adjacent board room where
text: Theo types in commands onto a built-in computer console.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Mr. Takagi, we could discuss
dialog: industrialization of men's fashions
dialog: all day, but I'm afraid my associate,
dialog: Mr. Theo, has some questions for you.
dialog: Sort of fill-in-the blanks questions
dialog: actually...
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT:
scene_heading: 64 A COMPUTER SCREEN SPITS OUT: 64
speaker_heading: NAKATOMI CORPORATION.
speaker_heading: BOARD WORKSTATION.
scene_heading: ENTER CENTRAL COMPUTER CODE KEY _ _ _ _.
speaker_heading: 65 THEO 65
text: sits fingers poised over the keyboard. Hans sits opposite.
text: Takagi stands like the accused at the foot of the table, has
dialog: just read the screen, blurts:
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: I don't have that code...!
dialog: (beat; to Hans)
dialog: You broke in here to access out
dialog: computer?!? Any information you
dialog: could get -- they wake up in Tokyo
dialog: in the morning, they'll change it!
dialog: You won't be able to blackmail our
dialog: executives or threaten --
dialog: Hans barks him to silence:
speaker_heading: HANS
speaker_heading: SIT DOWN!
text: Takagi complies. Hans is abruptly compassionate and quiet.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Mr. Takagi...I'm not interested in your
dialog: computer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm interested in the 640 million dollars
dialog: in negotiable bearer bonds you have in
dialog: you vault.
dialog: ON Takagi's reaction.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Yes...I know about them. The code
dialog: key is a necessary step in accessing
dialog: the vault.
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: You want...money? What kind of
dialog: terrorists are you?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Who said we were terrorists?
scene_heading: 65-A MCCLANE - ENTERING THIS FLOOR 65-A
text: He tiptoes along, gun held ready. He can HEAR the MUMBLE of
text: voices from the conference room, moves slowly towards it.
scene_heading: 65-B CONFERENCE ROOM - RESUME 65-B
text: Hans slowly takes out his Walther and his silencer. He feels
text: his silencer a moment, as if making a decision, then slips it
text: back into his coat pocket.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (weighing the gun)
dialog: The code key, please...?
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: It's useless to you! There's seven
dialog: safeguards on our vault, and the
dialog: code key is only one of them! You'll
dialog: never get it open!
text: Hans lifts the gun.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Then there's no reason not to tell
dialog: it to us.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (aside to Karl)
dialog: I told you...
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: It's not over...
text: Hans gives them both a look like an annoyed schoolmaster,
text: turns back to Takagi.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: This is too nice a suit to ruin,
dialog: Mr. Takagi. I'm going to count
dialog: to three. There will not be a
dialog: four. Give me the code.
dialog: He cocks the gun:
speaker_heading: TAKAGI
dialog: I don't know it! get on a Goddamn
dialog: jet to Tokyo and ask the chairman!
dialog: I'm telling you! You're just going
dialog: to have to kill me --
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Okay.
dialog: BANG!! He pulls the trigger:
scene_heading: 66 OUT IN THE MUSEUM - MCCLANE 66 *
text: reacts as if shot.
speaker_heading: A66-A HIS P.O.V. A66-A *
text: The glass doors to the boardroom are splattered red and
dialog: dripping...
speaker_heading: 66-A INSIDE 66-A
text: Takagi is still seated, but the chair in flat on its back,
text: blood flowing out into the carpet.
dialog: Hans springs to his feet:
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: We do it the hard way! Tony, see if
dialog: you can dispose of that. (the body)
dialog: Karl, you'd better check Heinrich's
text: work up on the machine floor.
text: Karl, in the midst of handing Theo a fifty dollar bill, nods.
speaker_heading: 67 OUTSIDE - MCCLANE 67
text: stunned, sees Hans move and tries to retreat. But his gun
dialog: bumps the underside of the table:
speaker_heading: 68 INSIDE - HANS 68
dialog: hears it. Karl is the first to move:
speaker_heading: 69 KARL 69
text: springs through the door, finds nothing. He checks two
text: adjoining rooms, the first is deserted. The second...is
dialog: locked.
speaker_heading: 70 KARL 70
dialog: returns to Hans.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Nothing...
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (nods)
dialog: See to Heinrich...
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: Now...you can break the code key...?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (grins)
dialog: You didn't bring me along for my
dialog: charming personality.
text: As he heads for the elevator.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: 'Though you could have...
text: Hans smiles, confident in his team, and follows. CAMERA
text: SETTLES ON the door that Karl found locked.
scene_heading: 71 INSIDE THE SUPPLY CLOSET - MCCLANE 71
text: slowly lets out a breath, praying softly:
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Argyle. Tell me you heard the shot.
dialog: Tell me you heard the shot and you're
dialog: calling the police right now...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 72 INT. LIMO - PARKING GARAGE 72
text: Argyle is on the car phone. The music is playing.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: I'm working, honey. Working hard.
dialog: 'Course I'll be by later to pick you
dialog: up, have I ever lies to you? My boss?
dialog: He thinks I'm cruising to Palm Springs...
scene_heading: 72-A MACHINE LEVEL - TIGHT ON CEILING 72-A
text: Heinrich PRESSES something into a niche here, scrambles like
text: a monkey to a new position. Helped by one of his men, he
text: JUMPS down, moves to another area, climbs up again, removing
text: something from his shoulder bag.
speaker_heading: 73 VAULT ROOM - 31ST FLOOR 73
text: Hans and Theo enter the safe room. The huge corporate safe
text: looms in front of them. Theo places three kit bags onto a
text: table and rolls up his sleeves. He swivels a computer console
text: into handy reach, sits down.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Thirty minutes to break the code...
dialog: Two hours for the five mechanicals.
dialog: The seventh lock...that's out of
dialog: my hands.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: If out plan works...the FBI will
dialog: get rid of it for us.
text: Theo grins, begins typing.
speaker_heading: 73-A HIS SCREEN 73-A
scene_heading: He types BEGIN ALGORITHM CODE PROGRAM. RANDOM NUMBERS AND
dialog: LETTERS begin going by: AAAAA; 11111; AAAAB; 11112.
speaker_heading: 74 32ND FLOOR 74
text: McClane moves out onto the 31st floor, angry at himself.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Why the fuck didn't you stop him?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Because, you ignorant sonofabitch,
dialog: you'd be dead, too. Think...think,
dialog: Goddamnit!
text: Suddenly he looks up at the ceiling and sees a sprinkler head.
text: His look drops to the wall and focuses on a small red fire alarm
dialog: switch by the door.
scene_heading: 75 INT. MAIN FLOOR - L.A. FIRE STATION - NIGHT 75
text: An ALARM sounds. Quickly firemen move to their machines as a
text: voice of a 911 DISPATCHER drones.
speaker_heading: 911 DISPATCHER
dialog: Main Wilshire units. Two alarm fire
dialog: at Nakatomi Plaza --
text: The voice continues as the station doors open and we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 INT. NAKATOMI - GROUND FLOOR OPERATIONS ROOM - SAME 76
text: A fire alarm indicator light showing which floor has sounded the
text: fire alarm -- suddenly begins flashing, emitting short, loud
text: beeps. Eddie, the terrorist in the guard's uniform and manning
text: the station, immediately picks up his CB.
speaker_heading: 77 32ND FLOOR - SAME 77
text: McClane stands at windows looking Northward for fire trucks.
text: Suddenly we SEE the flashing red lights of FOUR ENGINES in
text: traffic two miles away.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: C'mon, baby...come to Papa. I'm
dialog: gonna kiss your Goddamn dalmatian.
scene_heading: 78 INT. SERVICE ELEVATOR - ON HANS - SAME 78
text: He rides the elevator back to the 30th floor with Tony.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (calmly, to Eddie
dialog: on CB)
dialog: Call 911, give them the name and
dialog: badge number on your uniform and
dialog: cancel the alarm...then disable
dialog: the system.
dialog: (looks across at
dialog: Tony, presses talk
dialog: button again)
dialog: Eddie? What floor did the alarm
dialog: go off?
scene_heading: 78-A MACHINE FLOOR 78-A
dialog: They've heard the alarm here, too. Heinrich, Marco and *
dialog: Uli HEAR the alarm and continue their mysterious work.
speaker_heading: 79 UNFINISHED FLOOR - SAME 79
text: McClane stands silhouetted against the window. In the distance
text: he can see another fire truck swing off Santa Monica onto
dialog: Avenue of the Stars.
text: Suddenly the red light on the first truck goes out, then on the
text: second. McClane watches in disbelief. The trucks slow and
text: turn down separate side streets, heading for home.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Son of a bitch...
text: Just then the elevator bell rings and we HEAR the ELEVATOR DOORS
text: OPEN. A figure (Tony) slips into the shadows -- his machine
dialog: gun drawn. We MOVE WITH HIM FROM the elevator area until he
text: reaches the light switch and throws it illuminating the entire
text: floor. McClane is gone.
speaker_heading: 80 ON MCCLANE 80
text: under a desk. He takes in his options.
speaker_heading: 81 HIS P.O.V. 81
text: The feet of Tony. They move slowly in his direction. McClane
text: Looks down the aisle next to the windows. It leads to a series
text: of cubicles at the other end of the floor and is a clear path
dialog: if he can make it past Tony.
speaker_heading: 82 TONY 82
text: He moves steadily toward the area where we saw McClane.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: The fire has been called off, my
dialog: friend. No one is coming to help
dialog: you. You might as well come out
dialog: and join the others.
dialog: (fingers the trigger
dialog: of his machine gun)
dialog: I promise not to hurt you.
text: Moving more confidently, he steps up to McClane's desk, then
text: around it and fires a blast into the space. It is empty. As
text: the SOUND OF THE MACHINE GUN FADES he listens and hears another
text: SOUND -- a NOISE coming from the other end of the room near
dialog: the cubicles.
text: Tony heads toward the noise. Sensing a trap, he moves past
text: each cubicle carefully, checking each office until he reaches
text: the doorway of the last one. The sound is just around the
text: partition. He tenses, then spins into the cubicle.
speaker_heading: 83 TONY'S P.O.V. 83
text: A radial arm saw spins noisily.
speaker_heading: 84 TONY 84
text: grins at his nervousness. He moves to turn it off, not
text: realizing the sound has buried the soft rustle of McClane,
text: steps INTO FRAME behind him, McClane shoves his pistol barrel
dialog: against Tony's temple.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Freeze, Police...don't move or name
dialog: your beneficiary.
text: Tony doesn't. McClane cocks his Beretta. Tony watches him
dialog: calmly.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You won't hurt me.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Yeah? Why not?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (smug)
dialog: Because you are a policeman. There
dialog: are rules for policemen.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Yeah. My Captain keeps telling
dialog: me the same thing.
text: McClane suddenly PISTOL WHIPS Tony across the head. Tony
text: REELS, then swallows, worried for the first time.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Let's go.
text: Suddenly Tony spins to the side and McClane FIRES, but the
text: big man's momentum slams McClane into a filing cabinet and sends
text: his pistol into the hall.
text: Tony fires his machine gun, but McClane kicks him into the desk.
text: He locks his arms around the big man's neck in a hold that
text: sends Tony reeling into the hall. McClane holds on as they
text: slam through several plastic board partitions. They careen
text: across the hall into the stairwell door, opening it, and crash
dialog: into:
speaker_heading: 85 STAIRWELL LANDING 85
text: then down the concrete steps into the wall on the landing below.
text: For a moment, both men lie still. McClane, still holding onto
text: Tony's neck, releases it and the man's head flops sickeningly
dialog: to the side.
text: For a moment McClane just looks at the dead man. Then, slowly,
text: methodically, he begins to SEARCH HIM. He turns all his pockets
text: inside out, looks at his clothing labels, stares long and very
text: hard at a California driver's license with Tony's picture on
text: it. He expertly examines the machine gun when a HISSING SOUND
text: coming from somewhere attracts his attention.
text: He rises, moves cautiously to the source.
speaker_heading: 85-A NEW ANGLE 85-A
text: It's Tony's CB, which has fallen from the dead man's waist during
text: the struggle. McClane stares at it, formulating a plan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 86 INT. 32ND FLOOR - NIGHT 86
text: PAN FROM Tony's now shoeless feet TO McClane, who sits on the
text: floor near the body hurriedly lacing up the dead terrorist's
text: boots on his own feet. He ties the last lace and tries to take
dialog: a couple of steps.
text: He winces in pain, goes off balance. Quickly he starts taking
dialog: the boots off.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: A million terrorists in the world
dialog: and I kill the one with feet
dialog: smaller than my sister.
text: He yanks off the boots and tosses them into the garbage. Then
text: he pulls the body up and sets it down on a secretary's chair.
text: He starts to push it along when he gets an idea and moves to:
speaker_heading: 86-A A DESK 86-A
text: Where he scribbles a note we cannot read on a piece of paper.
text: Then his eyes fall on some Xmas decorations nearby. He smiles
dialog: to himself.
scene_heading: 86-B IN THE ELEVATOR - UNFINISHED FLOOR 86-B
text: TIGHT ON McClane's back as he pushes Tony's body on swivel
dialog: chair into the elevator. (NOTE: WE CANNOT SEE TONY'S HEAD)
text: CAMERA ADJUSTS as McClane pushes the buttons for the 31th and
dialog: 30th floors.
text: We notice he's got the dead man's machine gun and that a wooden
text: desk ruler protrudes from McClane's back pocket.
text: The elevator doors close and the car starts down. After it's
text: dropped only half a floor, McClane forces the doors open with
text: his fingers -- stopping the car between floors.
text: Using the ruler he blocks open the inside doors, then opens the
text: outside doors of the floor above (31st) with his fingers and
text: pulls himself up onto the carpeted floor, then up onto the roof
text: of the car. Once on the roof of the car he reaches over the
text: edge and removes the ruler, closing the inside doors and setting
text: the car in motion again.
speaker_heading: 86-C HOSTAGE FLOOR 86-C
text: The hostages have been gathered together in a group in the center
text: of the open floor, guards flanking them. The elevators are
text: barely visible from the edge of the group, which is where Ginny
text: and Holly are sitting. Ginny winces, uncomfortable on the floor.
text: Holly soothes her. Hans stands in front of them like a stern
text: camp counselor in front of the assembled bunk.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I wanted this to be professional,
dialog: efficient, adult, cooperative. Not
dialog: a lot to ask. Alas, your Mr. Takagi
dialog: did not see it that way...
dialog: (harder)
dialog: So he won't be joining us for the
dialog: rest of his life.
dialog: (as that sinks in)
dialog: We are prepared to go any way you
dialog: make us. When we have achieved our
dialog: aims you can walk out of here...
dialog: or be carried out. Decide now, each
dialog: of you. But remember that we have
dialog: planned everything to the last detail.
dialog: We are completely in change.
text: A "DING" attracts his attention. He turns.
speaker_heading: 87 NEW ANGLE 87
text: The elevator doors OPEN and Fritz, guarding the area. WHIRLS,
text: gun held ready. His jaw drop as he sees:
scene_heading: 87-A TONY'S BODY - HIS P.O.V. 87-A
text: Still and dead, flopped in a swivel chair, a red Santa hat
text: gaily placed on his head.
speaker_heading: 87-B HANS 87-B
speaker_heading: REACTS.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (indicating the hostages)
dialog: Get them over there. Schnell!
text: The guards quickly hustle the hostages away as Hans crosses to
dialog: the elevator, but for before.
speaker_heading: 87-C HOLLY 87-C
dialog: Sees the body...and REACTS. She knows her husband's abilities...
dialog: not to mention his twisted sense of humor.
scene_heading: 87-D NEAR THE ELEVATOR 87-D
text: As Fritz stands there, confused, Hans comes to the elevator with
text: Franco, lifts Tony's chin and sees that his neck has been
text: snapped. He sees a folded piece of paper in Tony's collar,
dialog: takes it out.
scene_heading: 87-E INSERT - THE NOTE 87-E
dialog: It reads, "Now I have a machine gun. HO-HO-HO."
speaker_heading: 87-F BACK TO SCENE 87-E
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Perhaps a security guard we
dialog: overlooked...?
text: Hans lifts Tony's chin again, lets the head flop over.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Security guard? They're usually
dialog: tired and burned out old policemen growing *
dialog: fat on a pension...This is...
dialog: something else.
scene_heading: 87-G ROOF OF ELEVATOR - SAME TIME 87-G
text: McClane is staring through a tiny crack at the scene below him.
dialog: CAMERA ADJUSTS from Fritz in the b.g. to Hans and France just
dialog: below.
text: McClane is WRITING in his weather-beaten cop's notebook. The
text: first notation is NUMBER OF HOSTAGES: HOLLY + 30 -- odd. Then
dialog: it says, NUMBER OF TERRORISTS? As we watch, he adds "3 ? 1
dialog: 87-H in Lobby (?) and 2+ with hostages?? Plus ones on 87-H
dialog: roof (3)."
speaker_heading: FRITZ'S VOICE
dialog: (slightly spooked)
dialog: We have to do something, Hans.
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: (not pleased)
dialog: Yes...we have to tell Karl his brother
dialog: is dead. Tell him to come down.
dialog: Now McClane writes "HANS=LEADER. Karl=BROTHER. USE THIS?"
text: As Fritz calls Karl on his CB, Hans looks at Franco.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Franco, you and Fritz take the body
dialog: upstairs and out of sight. I don't
dialog: want the hostages to think too
dialog: much.
scene_heading: 88 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - CAR ROOF - ON MCCLANE - SAME 88
text: On top of the car, listening to the conversation below. Franco
text: and Fritz step into the car and the doors on the elevator close.
text: The car accelerates upward and McClane grabs onto the heavy,
text: grease-coated cables to keep his balance. Already his clothes
text: are soiled; his face and feet, arms and hair are dark from the
text: dirt and sweat. The car speeds up the shaft -- passing the car
text: bringing Karl down to the hostage floor -- and stops at the
text: machine floor. The doors open and McClane hears them roll the
text: chair with the body off the car. McClane looks up.
speaker_heading: 89 MCCLANE'S P.O.V. 89
text: A metal catwalk runs around the inside of the elevator shaft.
speaker_heading: 90 MCCLANE 90
text: pulls himself up onto it. As he moves along the catwalk looking
text: for a way out, he passes an unmarked metal door, 2'x3'. McClane
text: pushes it open and looks in.
speaker_heading: 91 MCCLANE'S P.O.V. 91
dialog: Total darkness.
speaker_heading: 92 MCCLANE 92
text: takes out a coin. A quarter. He stops, switches to a nickel.
dialog: Throws it into the void. It is a full four seconds until we
dialog: HEAR it "CHING" and bounce on concrete far below. You don't
dialog: have to be a mathematics whiz to know it's a long drop.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Jesus...
text: He moves cautiously around a corner and we SEE a metal ladder
text: leading up to a door marked PUMP ROOM. Opening the door
dialog: McClane enters a darkened:
speaker_heading: 93 PUMP ROOM 93
text: damp and full of pipes and goes to another door. He cracks the
text: door and looks out.
speaker_heading: 94 MCCLANE'S P.O.V. 94
text: The lower level of the roof. Open and deserted. Only a heliport
text: above him is higher.
scene_heading: 95 30TH FLOOR (HOSTAGE FLOOR) - HOLLY'S OFFICE - SAME 95
text: WIDEN as a FILING CABINET is FLUNG across the floor, drawers
text: SLAMMING out, papers flying. KARL has done this, and he's *
text: barely started. He FLINGS a LAMP against a wall, PUNCHES a hole
text: into the plaster. Finally, Hans goes to him, lays controlling
text: hands on the man's shoulder.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I know what you are feeling. But
dialog: this is not productive --
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (pushing him away)
dialog: He was my only brother...my only
dialog: family!
dialog: (a flat statement)
dialog: I want blood for my blood. We
dialog: search...now.
text: He starts to move. Hans stops him.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: No. Heinrich's team must finish
dialog: planting the detonators...and Theo
dialog: needs time on the vault. After the *
dialog: police come they'll waste hours trying
dialog: to negotiate...that's when we search *
dialog: for this man. Until then...we do not
dialog: alter the plan.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: And if he alters it...? *
dialog: For once Hands doesn't have an answer.
scene_heading: 95-A HOSTAGES - AROUND THE CORNER 95-A
dialog: They've heard the alarm, can see and sense the agitation among
text: their captors. Ellis slides over to Holly.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: They don't look happy...something's
dialog: gone wrong.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: The police...?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: John.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: John? Christ, he could fuck this
dialog: whole thing up...what does he think
dialog: he's doing?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: How about his job?
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: His 'job' is 3000 miles away. Without
dialog: him, they might let us go...at least
dialog: we have a chance...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Tell that to Mr. Takagi.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. ROOF - NIGHT 96
text: McClane climbs to the heliport and leans against the leeward side
text: of a wall surrounding it. Shielded from wind, he pulls out the
text: CB, turns to channel nine, and starts broadcasting.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Mayday, Mayday! Anyone! Terrorists
dialog: have seized and Nakatomi building
dialog: and are holding 30 or more hostages!
dialog: I say again --
speaker_heading: 97 OUT OUT 97
scene_heading: 98 INT. HANS' OFFICE - SAME 98
text: Hans, Karl, Fritz and France hear the clear signal over Hans'
dialog: CB.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE'S VOICE
dialog: -- unknown number of terrorists,
dialog: six or more, armed with automatic
dialog: weapons at Nakatomi, Century City...
dialog: Somebody answer me, Goddamnit!
text: Karl looks almost...satisfied.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: The roof. It's the best place to
dialog: transmit.
dialog: They move.
scene_heading: 99 INT. LOS ANGLES EMERGENCY DISPATCH CENTER - SAME 99
text: A SUPERVISOR weaves her way back from the break room toward a
text: DISPATCHER who is monitoring the call.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: It's the same address as that fire
dialog: signal -- *
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: -- the false alarm? I'll handle *
dialog: it.
text: She plugs in her headset. (Her condescending, arrogant tone is
dialog: like the one in the famous tape where the dispatch lady spends
text: so much time on red tape that the patient dies.)
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Attention, whoever you are. This
dialog: channel is reserved for emergency
dialog: calls only --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE'S VOICE
dialog: No fucking shit, lady! Do I sound
dialog: like I'm ordering a pizza?
speaker_heading: 100 OUT OUT 100
scene_heading: 101 INT. SERVICE ELEVATOR - ON KARL - SAME 101
dialog: with Franco and Fritz.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: No one kills him but me.
text: It's an order and the look he gives the other two backs it up.
text: Karl checks his magazine, SLAPS it into his rifle as the elevator
text: opens to the roof.
scene_heading: 102 EXT. UPPER ROOF 102
text: McClane moves around the roof, circling the helipad, making sure
text: he has a good enough view to avoid being ambushed. He can't
text: see in all directions at once but he's doing the best he can.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: They've already killed one hostage,
dialog: and they're fortifying their positions
dialog: while we're bullshitting! Now, send
dialog: police backup ASAP!
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR'S VOICE
dialog: Sir, I've already told you, this is
dialog: a reserved channel. If this is an
dialog: emergency call, dial 911 on your
dialog: telephone. Otherwise I will report
dialog: you to the police --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (to the radio)
dialog: -- fine! Report me! Hey, come down
dialog: here and fucking arrest me! Send
dialog: the police. NOW -- !
text: Suddenly machine gun shells rip into the concrete wall in front
dialog: of him. The noise is deadening as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 103 INT. DISPATCHER OFFICE - SAME 103
text: Both Supervisor and Dispatcher reach for their headsets in
dialog: pain from the INTENSE SOUND and:
speaker_heading: 104 OUT OUT 104
scene_heading: 105 EXT. ROOF - ON MCCLANE - SAME 105
text: Running. Tracer bullets rip into the wall behind him. He
text: reaches the corner and sees the other two terrorists moving
text: toward him. Before they see him, he leaps down to the next
dialog: level out of range of Karl.
scene_heading: 106 INT. EMERGENCY DISPATCH - SAME 106
text: The Dispatcher looks critically at the Supervisor in the
dialog: sudden silence.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (importantly)
dialog: Ad...have a black-and-white do a
dialog: drive-by.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 107 INT. 7-11 - AT THE COUNTER - NIGHT 107
text: TIGHT as one after another after another HOSTESS TWINKIE is
text: stacked up on the counter. CAMERA WIDENS and we SEE the
text: young male CLERK, who stifles a smile. Another teenage
text: employee behind the counter also smothers a laugh.
text: The customer is POWELL, young for a police veteran, old for
dialog: the rest of the world.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Thought you guys just ate donuts.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: They're for my wife. She's pregnant.
dialog: If I knew she was gonna eat a dozen
dialog: at a shot, I woulda bought stock in
dialog: the company.
text: The Clerk nods and puts them in a bag. As Powell pays, suddenly
text: his BELT RADIO crackles to life.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER'S VOICE/RADIO
dialog: Dispatch to One Adam Ten, over.
text: Powell grabs the radio, speaks into it.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: One Adam Ten, go ahead.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER'S VOICE/RADIO
dialog: Investigate a code two at Nakatomi
dialog: Plaza, Century City.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Nakatomi Plaza?
text: He moves to the door, steps outside.
scene_heading: 107-A EXT. CONVENIENCE STORE 107-A
text: Powell looks towards the horizon and up.
text: There it is, Nakatomi, in all its gleaming glory.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH VOICE
dialog: One Adam Ten, do you copy?
text: Powell is already moving to the car. He tosses in the twinkies,
text: hops behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (into police
dialog: radio)
dialog: Roger, dispatch. I'm on the way.
dialog: And he BURNS RUBBER leaving the store:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 108 EXT. ROOF - ON MCCLANE - NIGHT 108
dialog: running for his life, from Fritz and Franco, doesn't realize
text: he is being herded around the building toward Karl. Suddenly
text: McClane turns a corner and sees Karl. The big man fires a
text: burst and McClane ducks back stopping at the exterior door
text: to the pump room he used before. It is locked from the inside.
text: He BLOWS the lock off with a burst from his machine gun and
dialog: slips into the darkness of the:
scene_heading: 109 ELEVATOR SHAFT NEAR PUMP ROOM 109
text: Coming quickly out of the pump room, McClane picks his way
text: over the same ground as a few minutes before and opens the door
text: to the elevator shaft. The dimly lit shaft yawns before him.
text: He starts down the ladder back to the catwalk, moves along
dialog: it -- STOPS.
text: The catwalk ends, and the elevator is gone.
scene_heading: 109-A INT. PUMP ROOM - OTHER END 109-A
text: Karl crosses, starts to open the door to the elevator shaft
dialog: when suddenly their radio crackles with --
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: Karl? Franco? Did you catch him?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
text: No, but he's in the elevator shaft.
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: Prefect. The elevators are locked off. *
dialog: He can't escape. Just shut him in and
dialog: return to base.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Hans, he killed by brother --
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (more firmly)
dialog: Karl, I know you want him, but the
dialog: police are probably on their way.
dialog: Maybe we can convince them it was all
dialog: a mistake, but not if they hear gunshots!
dialog: If you lock him in he'll be neutralized
dialog: -- now do it! Karl? Karl!
text: Karl turns off his radio. In the light of their flashlights,
text: the two other terrorists look at Karl in stunned disbelief.
text: He opens the door to the elevator shaft.
scene_heading: 109-B INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - ON MCCLANE 109-B
dialog: He's OVERHEARD enough of this to realize he's in deep shit.
text: He backtracks to the air shaft door, strikes a cigarette
dialog: lighter.
speaker_heading: 110- OUT OUT 110-
dialog: 117 117
speaker_heading: 117-A ELEVATOR SHAFT (OPPOSITE SIDE) 117-A
text: Karl steps off the ladder to the catwalk, his own gun held *
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: 118 MCCLANE 118
text: HEARING Karl's approach, McClane thinks fast, looks down at
dialog: his narrow confines, and then at:
speaker_heading: 118-A HIS WEAPON 118-A
text: and its canvas gunsling and metal strap slides.
scene_heading: 118-B BACK TO SCENE 118-B
text: Quickly, McClane lets out all the slack in the sling. Then,
text: he BRACES the weapon across the outside opening of the air
dialog: shaft door and lowers himself into the:
speaker_heading: 119 AIR SHAFT 119
text: meanwhile holding onto the canvas sling with his elbows bent
text: over it like a kid doing a half-asses skin-the-cat on a swing
dialog: set.
text: His feet slowly move down the smooth aluminum walls until they
text: reach the top of the air duct, then DANGLE in the open space.
text: He straightens his arms to give him length enough to touch
text: the bottom edge of the duct.
text: Suddenly he FEELS something GIVE above him and looks up.
dialog: 120 CLOSE ON THE SLING 120
dialog: It was designed to carry a gun on a man, not vice versa. The
text: few inches of extra canvas are sliding through the clips.
dialog: When they're gone...he will be too.
speaker_heading: 121 KARL 121
text: He moves silently toward the corner.
speaker_heading: 122 CLOSE - MCCLANE'S TOES 122
text: now only inches from the bottom edge. McClane's arms are
text: fully extended now. He hears Karl on the metal catwalk. His
text: muscles strain and quiver.
speaker_heading: 123 THE SLING 123
text: One of the canvas end slips through the clip.
speaker_heading: 124 ON MCCLANE 124
text: FALLING. He grabs the ledge of the air duct as he falls and
text: his body slams into the aluminum wall with an echoing BOOM.
text: Above him on the catwalk the rifle rattles on the metal outside
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: 125 ON KARL 125
dialog: Around the corner Karl FREEZES, unsure of the sound:
speaker_heading: 126 ON MCCLANE 126
text: holding onto the ledge by his hands. With every ounce of
text: strength he tries to pull himself up into the horizontal duct,
text: clawing for a hold.
speaker_heading: 127 ON KARL 127
text: He rounds the corner and sees McClane's rifle lying beneath
text: the doorway. He moves to the small door, shines his light and
text: aims his rifle down into the air shaft ready to fire.
speaker_heading: 128 HIS P.O.V. 128
text: The shaft is deserted. Moving his light around he sees the air
text: duct. Without hesitation he turns and backtracks to the pump
dialog: room door.
scene_heading: 129 INT. AIR CONDITIONING DUCT - ON MCCLANE - SAME 129
text: He lies exhausted and motionless in the narrow crawl space. He
text: awkwardly fishes out the lighter from his shirt pocket and
dialog: thumbs it ON.
dialog: The flickering GLOW shows him this ain't no place for
text: claustrophobics -- it's a long, long long dark and narrow
dialog: corridor full of weird shadows. The far end (if there even
dialog: if one?) is BLACK.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Whew...for a moment there I was
dialog: worried.
text: He turns out his lighter, and starts crawling.
speaker_heading: 130- OUT OUT 130-
dialog: 133 133-
scene_heading: 133-A INT. MACHINE FLOOR 133-A
text: The three terrorists rush down from the roof in hot pursuit,
text: Karl leading the way through the door. Karl points quickly to
text: the left and right where there are a series of rooms. The
text: others checks these while Karl approaches the CAMERA, trigger
text: finger ITCHING. Almost immediately, the others return.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Nothing.
text: Karl looks puzzled. Then he thinks, mentally retracing McClane's
text: few options. Karl's eyes scan the architecture here, and then
text: suddenly he looks UP.
speaker_heading: 133-B OUT OUT 133-B *
speaker_heading: 134 HIS P.O.V. 134 *
text: The ceiling is criss-crossed with air ducts. He fires a *
text: burst into the ducts.
scene_heading: 135 INT. AIR DUCT - SAME 135
text: McClane remains motionless in the air duct. Three quarter-size
text: holes inches from his face show how close Karl came to nailing
text: him. Sweat covers his face, drips silently onto the aluminum.
speaker_heading: 136 MACHINE ROOM 136
text: Karl listens patiently for sound. Just then the two other
dialog: terrorists return.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Nothing.
text: Karl hesitates a moment, fighting his instincts before finally
text: turning to go. Suddenly the duct McClane is in GROANS slightly
text: under his weight. Karl stops and looks up at the matrix of
dialog: aluminum duct work, trying to single out the source of the
text: sound. He steps back into the room and raises his rifle.
text: Holding it upright he presses the barrel up into the belly
text: of McClane's air duct, feeling for weight -- the weight of a
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: 137 INSIDE THE AIR DUCT 137
text: McClane sees the indention of the barrel pressing into the
text: aluminum fifteen feet away. There is a pause and another
text: three feet closer. He can hear Karl's footsteps on the
text: concrete -- moving slowly below the duct.
speaker_heading: 138 ON KARL 138
text: His eyes are fixed above him on the air duct. He presses the
text: barrel up again. Still nothing.
speaker_heading: 139 ON MCCLANE 139
text: Silently he moves his hand, slowly draws his Beretta. The
text: next indention presses up six feet away. McClane points his
text: gun downward and waits.
speaker_heading: 140 KARL 140
text: stops directly below him. The barrel starts up and just
text: touches the duct under McClane when Franco returns to the
dialog: door and calls:
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Karl! Police! Come on.
text: Karl hesitates then lowers his gun and leaves.
speaker_heading: 141 CLOSE - MCCLANE 141
text: He hears the door close and lowers his head.
scene_heading: 141-A INT. 33RD FLOOR - SAFE ROOM 141-A
text: The large LED WINDOW in the front of the safe BEEPS and letters
dialog: creep by: ACCESS CODE ACCEPTED. We HEAR a CLUNK.
text: CAMERA ADJUSTS to show Theo, who grins. Now his computer
dialog: screen reads, LOCK #1 DISABLED. DO YOU WISH TO PROCEED?
text: Theo puts goggles on his eyes, holds out his hands towards
text: Kristoff like a doctor requesting a scalpel. Kristoff gives
speaker_heading: him a GIANT DRILL.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You bet your ass I'm gonna proceed.
dialog: He turns on the drill:
speaker_heading: 142 OUT OUT 142
scene_heading: 143 EXT. CENTURY CITY - AVENUE OF THE STARS - NIGHT 143
text: The street is empty, quiet. A lone police black-and-white
text: pulls out of the shadows of a side street and begins a slow
dialog: cruise toward the Nakatomi building.
speaker_heading: 144 ON POWELL 144
text: Driving, alone. He starts up at the tower. It seems calm,
text: its glowing lights matching the warmth of the holiday
text: decorations on the streets. Powell slows to a stop and
text: scans the premises. In the lobby we SEE Eddie, sitting behind
text: the desk. Powell reports to his radio.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Guard inside. No signs of disturbance
dialog: ...I'm going up for a closer look.
text: He pulls in and parks in the front.
scene_heading: 145 INT. MACHINE ROOM - SAME 145
text: McClane punches out a ceiling vent and drops down into the
text: machine room. For a moment he stands, listening for sounds
text: of movement. The floor is quiet. He goes to the stairwell.
scene_heading: 146 EXT. ROOF - SAME 146
text: The edge of the roof. Suddenly a tall terrorist, James,
text: moves along the wall and looks over at Powell's car.
scene_heading: 147 INT. 3RD FLOOR - SAME 147
text: The elevator doors open on Karl, Franco and Fritz. They *
text: step out onto the darkened floor. We SEE large number "3"
text: painted on the doors of this floor.
text: They move quickly toward the windows on the Avenue of the Stars
text: side where a terrorist, ALEXANDER, with a BAR rifle has set up
text: a machine gun nest under a half-opened window. Directly below
dialog: him we SEE Powell's car.
text: Alexander PANS the police car with his weapon, finger on the
text: trigger. This is clearly a man hungry for action.
speaker_heading: 148 30TH FLOOR (HANS' OFFICE) - SAME 148
text: Hans watches from above. He raises his CB.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (his usual calm)
dialog: Eddie?
scene_heading: 149 INT. LOBBY - SAME 149
text: Eddie picks up his CB. He watches Powell coming up the stairs.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to CB)
dialog: Had a feeling you'd be calling...
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: Let him in.
text: Eddie is a little startled, but he moves quickly.
speaker_heading: 149-A ALEXANDER 149-A
text: also hears this, and his eager expression fades. But orders
dialog: are orders.
scene_heading: 150 EXT. FRONT DOOR OF NAKATOMI - SAME 150
text: Powell tries the front doors. Locked. Eddie comes hustling
text: across and unlocks the door with the magnetic card.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Evening, officer. What's up?
text: Powell steps in and looks around. Bland HOLIDAY MUZAK filters
dialog: from Speakers here. (LET IT SNOW) *
dialog: 
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: We got an emergency call that there
dialog: was a problem here.
scene_heading: 151 INT. 34TH FLOOR - BOARD ROOM - SAME 151 *
text: McClane makes his way to the Avenue of the Stars side of
text: the building, enters the board room where Takagi was shot.
text: McClane goes to the windows and looks down at the street.
speaker_heading: 152 HIS P.O.V. 152
dialog: Powell's car.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: All right!
text: McClane waits, expectant. Five seconds. Ten seconds. But
text: no commotion, no shouting. He frowns.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Where's the fucking cavalry?
scene_heading: 152-A INT. LOBBY - SAME TIME 152-A
text: Powell walks casually across the slick floor, eyes panning the
text: area. Eddie sits casually watching a game on one of his
dialog: monitor screens.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We already had that false alarm, you
dialog: ask me, the Goddamn computers sent
dialog: you out on another wild goose chase.
dialog: They been chasing bugs in that system
dialog: since they installed it.
dialog: (to the screen)
dialog: Oh, shit, come on, I got fifty bucks
dialog: on you assholes -- !
dialog: Powell's face shows us he's starting to think he's wasting his
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: 152-B- OUT OUT 152-B
dialog: 153 153
speaker_heading: 153-A WITH MCCLANE 153-A
text: The silent tension is driving him crazy.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Come on, come on...who's in that
dialog: car, Stevie Wonder?
text: He makes up his mind. He lifts one of the big chairs and
text: swings it at the window. The tempered glass whitens on the
dialog: first blow.
speaker_heading: 153-B EXT. ROOF 153-B
text: James sees the glass whiten below him and shouts into his mike.
scene_heading: 153-C INT. MACHINE FLOOR 153-C
text: Heinrich hears the radio and shouts to Marco who grabs his
text: machine gun and runs.
speaker_heading: 154 INT. LOBBY 154
text: Eddie watches confidently as Powell moves through the lobby
dialog: looking for signs of trouble.
scene_heading: 154-A AROUND THE CORNER FROM POWELL 154-A
dialog: Uli is there, gun held ready. *
speaker_heading: 155 BOARD ROOM - 34th FLOOR 155
text: McClane draws the chair back for the final hit when a terrorist
text: (MARCO) appears at the door. Both men react, but Marco already
text: has his gun up. He FIRES a round at McClane. The bullets rip
text: into the table top and the chair, and McClane goes down behind
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: 156- OUT OUT 156-
dialog: 156-A 156-A
scene_heading: 157 INT. 34th FLOOR - BOARD ROOM 157
text: Marco smiles and moves around to the other side of the table,
text: but finds no one. He looks around frantically than squats
dialog: beneath the table and sees:
speaker_heading: 158 MCCLANE 158
text: lying prone, his pistol trained on him.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Drop it or you're a rugstain.
speaker_heading: 159 BOARD ROOM DOORWAY 159
text: Just then Heinrich, the terrorist steps into the doorway, sees
dialog: the situation.
speaker_heading: HEINRICH
dialog: Marco, duck!
text: Marco dives sideways, but Heinrich still isn't quick enough.
text: McClane FIRES TWICE and Heinrich DROPS sprawling in the hallway,
text: machine gun FIRING BLINDLY until he hits the floor.
speaker_heading: 159-A HOSTAGE FLOOR 159-A
text: They can FAINTLY HEAR the gunshots. Holly pales:
speaker_heading: 159-B THE LOBBY 159-B
dialog: All Powell can hear here is "LET IT SNOW, LET IT SNOW." He
text: STOPS just a yard from seeing the armed terrorist, turns back.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Screw this.
text: He turns back.
speaker_heading: 159-C THE BOARD ROOM 159-C
text: Marco springs on top of the huge table. McClane rolls on his
dialog: back so he can cover either angle but it is clear that Marco
text: is in the more enviable position.
speaker_heading: 160 ON MARCO 160
text: on the table top slams in a fresh magazine and smiles.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Next time -- don't hesitate.
text: He leans his machine gun over the edge.
speaker_heading: 161 MCCLANE 161
text: aims directly above him and fires twice into the underside
text: of the table. The bullets rip through the table and Marco,
text: who DROPS beside McClane.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
speaker_heading: 162 OUT OUT 162
scene_heading: 163 INT. LOBBY - SAME 163
text: Powell heads for the door. Eddie moves to lock up after him.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Sorry to water your time. Merry
dialog: Christmas.
dialog: 
dialog: Powell goes out.
scene_heading: 164 INT. 34TH FLOOR BOARD ROOM - SAME 164
text: McClane rolls out from under the table, goes to the windows,
text: and looks down in time to see Powell heading for the car.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Oh, man, please, no --
text: Desperate, he leans on the glass...which CRACKS again, on the
text: verge of going. McClane thinks...looks over his shoulder at
dialog: the body of Marco.
scene_heading: 165 INT. POWELL'S POLICE CAR - SAME 165
text: Powell check in on his radio. Unconsciously he begins to
dialog: HUM the Muzak he overheard in the lobby.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: One Adam Ten to 6421. We had a
dialog: wild goose chase on that 436.
dialog: Everything's okay here. Over.
dialog: (waiting, loosening
dialog: his tie, he murmurs)
dialog: 'Oh, the weather outside is frightful,
dialog: but the...the uh, dum, de dum's
dialog: delightful...'
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER'S VOICE
dialog: Roger, One Adam Ten. We thought it
dialog: was a crank call anyway. Clear to
dialog: code eight.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Roger.
dialog: (putting the
dialog: car into gear)
dialog: '...let is snow, let it snow, let
dialog: it snow -- '
text: Suddenly Marco's body CRASHES onto the hood of his car.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: -- Jesus H. Christ!
dialog: (grabbing for
dialog: his radio)
dialog: 6421, this is One Adam Ten --
text: Suddenly a barrage of MACHINE GUN FIRE from Alexander on the
text: third floor drowns out his call! Powell ducks and flattens
text: against the seat as bullets blow out the front window,
dialog: covering him in glass.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER'S VOICE
dialog: Roger, One Adam Ten, please repeat.
text: But Powell accelerates in reverse away from the building,
text: keeping his head low and praying he doesn't hit anything
text: as the bullets follow him, digging into asphalt. A half block
text: away his car runs off the pavement and down a SLOPE, finally
text: BOUNCING to a jarring HALT in a parking lot which is destined
text: to become police H.Q. a few pages from now. Powell sits up
text: and clutches the mike.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: One Adam Ten, under automatic rifle
dialog: fire at Nakatomi! Requesting immediate
dialog: backup and SWAT assistance...
scene_heading: 166 INT. 34TH FLOOR - BOARD ROOM 166 *
text: McClane looks down at Powell and grins.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Welcome to the party, pal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 166-A INT. OFFICE - TV STATION - SAME TIME 166-A
dialog: WIDEN FROM A POLICE SCANNER. We take in the action here,
dialog: all color coordination and slickness. RICHARD THORNBURG, *
text: local TV news reporter, is on the phone to his girlfriend.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG *
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: -- of course I can get us a table,
dialog: Wolfgang and me, we're like that.
dialog: I interviewed him...hold on, *
dialog: babe...
text: He covers the mouthpiece, because he's become aware of what's
text: coming from the scanner.
speaker_heading: POLICE SCANNER
dialog: (various voices)
dialog: -- attention all units. Officer
dialog: pinned down by automatic weapon
dialog: fire at Nakatomi, Century City --
dialog: request assistant -- (ETC)
speaker_heading: POWELL'S VOICE
dialog: (intermixed with
dialog: all this)
dialog: -- guys, you want to cut through
dialog: the red tape? They practically
dialog: turned this car into Swiss cheese -- !
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: All right...!
text: He drops the phone, pick up another. Shouts --
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: Mary, this is Dick. I want a remote
dialog: truck and a crew to meet me at the
dialog: South gate in fifteen minutes...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Damn right, fifteen...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Where are we going?
dialog: (Hearing gun shots)
dialog: For an Emmy!
text: Now, hearing MACHINE GUN FIRE, Thornburg hangs up the second
text: phone. Runs out of the room. CAMERA PANS BACK TO the first
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Richard? Richard?
scene_heading: 167 EXT. CENTURY CITY - NIGHT 167
text: Sirens wail as the first few police cars arrive. Powell sees
text: them, waves them back, points to the third floor.
scene_heading: 168 INT. HOSTAGE WING - ON ELLIS - SAME 168
text: He leans back and closes his eyes, luxuriating in the sound
text: of WAILING POLICE SIRENS. He looks at Holly.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: I never through I'd love to hear
dialog: that sound.
speaker_heading: 169 HANS' OFFICE 169
text: Hans, Karl, Fritz and Franco confer.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (in mid-speech)
dialog: -- all of you, stay at your posts!
dialog: We knew that police action was
dialog: inevitable...
dialog: (an odd smile)
dialog: ...In fact, it's necessary. So let
dialog: them start their feeble efforts;
dialog: until them, stay calm. We have
dialog: the hostages, remember. We are
dialog: still in charge.
text: Suddenly Hans' CB crackles to life.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (picking it up)
dialog: I told all of you...I want radio
dialog: silence until further --
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 169-A MCCLANE - 34th FLOOR - BOARD ROOM 169-A *
text: He's got a CB on the table and ON, and his cop's notebook is
dialog: out again. He's already upgraded the NUMBER OF TERRORISTS?
dialog: to "12 (?) minus 3 = 9" and added other information. As he
dialog: speaks he takes ammo clips the dead men dropped, their
dialog: sidearms, etc.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Gee, I'm sorry, Hans, nobody gave
dialog: me the message. You shoulda put
dialog: it on the bulletin board. Anyway,
dialog: I thought you and Franco and Karl
dialog: and the other boys might be lonely,
dialog: now that I waxed Tony and Marco and
dialog: their buddy. So I invited some of
dialog: the guys from my card game.
text: In the office, the terrorists REACT, startled, as McClane
dialog: name-drops.
speaker_heading: FRANCO *
dialog: How...how does he know so much
dialog: about --
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (waving for silence)
dialog: Ah, how nice of you to call. I
dialog: assume you are our mysterious party
dialog: crasher. You are most troublesome
dialog: for a...security guard?
scene_heading: 170 INT. 34th FLOOR - ON MCCLANE - INTERCUT 170 *
text: Moving down the corridor. Now armed with Marco's machine
text: gun and carrying Heinrich's kit bag, he seems more lethal. *
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: BZZZ! Sorry, Hans, wrong guess.
dialog: Would you like to go for
dialog: Double Jeopardy, where the stakes
dialog: are double and the scores really
dialog: change?
text: He rolls Heinrich over and is delighted to find a pack of
text: Gauloise's in the man's pocket. He takes them, pats the *
text: dead man's face.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (sotto, to the body)
dialog: Bad for your health anyway.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Who are you, then?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Just the fly in the ointment, Hans.
dialog: The monkey in the wrench, the pain
dialog: in the ass -
text: McClane STOPS in mid-speech. He's just opened the kit bag
dialog: Heinrich had over his shoulder when he died. Now McClane
text: takes out the contents...dozens and dozens of EXPLOSIVE
text: DETONATORS marked "DANGER" and a CHUNK of cello-wrapped
text: PLASTIQUE the size of an electric razor. He WHISTLES in
dialog: surprise to himself.
text: In the office, Hans turns off his mike for a moment, turns
dialog: to Karl. *
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Check on all the others...don't
dialog: use the radio. See if he's lying
dialog: about Marco and find out if anyone *
dialog: else is missing. *
text: He moves. Hans goes back onto the CB. Meanwhile, McClane *
text: SMILES at the tell-tale STATIC as Hans goes off and on. He
text: knows what's happening. Now, he starts to walk down
text: a corridor, eyes PANNING FROM elevator to the stairwell
dialog: doors.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Mr. Mystery Guest. Are you still
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I wouldn't think of leaving, Hans.
dialog: Unless you want to open the front
dialog: door...?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I'm afraid not. But you have me
dialog: at a loss -- you know my name, but
dialog: who are you?
dialog: (scornfully)
dialog: Just another American who saw too
dialog: many movies as a child. Another
dialog: orphan of a bankrupt culture who
dialog: thinks he's John Wayne...Rambo...
dialog: Marshal Dillion.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Actually, I was always partial to
dialog: Roy Rogers. I really dug those
dialog: sequined shirts.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (harsh)
dialog: Do you really think you have a chance
dialog: against us, Mr. Cowboy?
text: A LIGHT blinks on the elevator.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Yipee-yi-yea...mother-fucker.
text: McClane goes quietly through the stairwell door and is gone
text: by the time the search party steps onto this floor.
text: Hans sits quietly...thinking.
speaker_heading: 170-A OUT OUT 170-A
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 171 INT. 30TH FLOOR - SAME 171
text: Karl steps off the elevator and goes through the crowd of
dialog: hostages to Hans.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: He wasn't lying about Marco: He's
text: thirty stories down on the street.
dialog: The other man is Heinrich, and I found
dialog: his body upstairs.
dialog: (pause; Hans looks
dialog: alarmed)
dialog: And his bag is missing.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: He had the detonators!
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: Theo? Theo!
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 171-A THEO - IN SAFE ROOM 171-A
text: With Kristoff, he has DRILLED TWO HOLES in the safe and is
text: working on a third when he HEARS the CB. He turns off the
dialog: drill, answers.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Yo!
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: We may have some problems. How is
dialog: your schedule?
text: Theo moves to his computer screen which shows a schematic of
text: the safe and blinking icons and the words MECHANICALS #2
dialog: and #2 DISABLED.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Three down, four to go --
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Then don't waste time talking to
dialog: me.
text: Suddenly all REACT to a nearby CB transmitter which broadcasts.
speaker_heading: POWELL'S VOICE
dialog: This is Sergeant Al Powell of the
dialog: Los Angeles Police Department. If
dialog: the person who radioed for help on
dialog: this channel can hear me, acknowledge
dialog: this transmission...I say again...
scene_heading: 172 INT. 33RD FLOOR - ON MCCLANE - NIGHT 172 *
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (to CB)
dialog: I read you, Powell. You the guy
dialog: in the car?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 173 EXT. POLICE OPERATIONS TRAILER 173
text: Powell stands in front of his destroyed cruiser and looks
text: up at the building. Behind him technicians, City Power and
text: Light personnel, SWAT officers in protective gear, etc., arrive
text: from all directions. A trailer is being backed into a parking
dialog: lot, which will become the police center of operations. It
dialog: is like watching a small town being constructed right before
dialog: your eyes.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (to CB)
dialog: What's left of him. Can you
dialog: identify yourself?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 173-A HANS AND KARL 173-A
text: Listening intently.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Maybe later. Just listen fast
dialog: because this is a party line and
dialog: the neighbors are trigger happy.
dialog: Now here's the skinny: There's
dialog: thirty or so hostages on the
dialog: 30th floor, with probably 2 or 3
dialog: guards to cover a group that size.
dialog: The leader here is named Hans,
dialog: and besides the pea shooter he
dialog: ventilated your car with, *
dialog: they got machine guns and *
text: sidearms up the yin yang. On top
dialog: of that one of 'em had a big enough
dialog: chunck of plastic explosive to
dialog: orbit Kate Smith. *
dialog: NOTE: The following dialogue is said OVER McClane's.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: We have to find him and shut him
dialog: up! He's telling them everything --
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (shaking his head,
dialog: calming)
dialog: The police are irrelevant. We've *
dialog: waiting for the FBI. Until they *
dialog: arrive, we can't finish out work.
dialog: Meanwhile, let this fool waste time
dialog: for the police. Fritz, go help Uli *
dialog: find the bag.
text: The CAMERA TIGHTENS ON him
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: We must find those detonators.
dialog: They leave.
speaker_heading: 173-B WITH MCCLANE 173-B
speaker_heading: POWELL'S VOICE
dialog: How many are there?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (thinking about it)
dialog: Figuring there's at least one to
dialog: cover the lobby, a couple with the
dialog: hostages...I'd say they came in
dialog: with about a dozen...but they're
dialog: down to nine now, including the
dialog: skydiver you already met. These
dialog: guys are mostly Europeans, judging
dialog: by their clothing labels, and they're
dialog: well financed and very slick.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I've seen enough phoney ID's in
dialog: my time to recognize that the ones
dialog: they've got cost a fortune. Add all
dialog: that up and I don't know what the
dialog: fuck it means, but these are bad
dialog: ass preps and they're here to stay.
dialog: We notice that everything McClane has said about "clothing"
text: and ID's and police jargon, etc., has set off a little buzzer
dialog: in Powell's brain.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: I hear you...
dialog: (on a hunch)
dialog: Partner. And LA's finest are on it,
dialog: so light 'em if you got 'em.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I'm ahead of you...partner.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Uh, what do I call you?
text: A moment. McClane smiles. What the hell?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: 'Roy'.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Got it...'Roy'. Now listen. If
dialog: you think of anything else you think
dialog: we need to know, don't be shy, okay?
dialog: In the meantime I want you to find
dialog: a safe place and hole-up and let
dialog: us do our job. Understand?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (to CB)
dialog: They're all yours, Al. Good luck.
text: McClane turns off his CB and sits against the wall.
speaker_heading: 174- OUT OUT 174-
dialog: 176 176
scene_heading: 177 EXT. POLICE OPERATIONS - NIGHT 177
text: An unmarked police car pulls up across the street from
text: Nakatomi building and a MAN in a sportcoat climbs out.
dialog: Stocky, his hair a little too perfect, the very fact that
dialog: he is the Deputy Chief of Police Operations on a Christmas Eve
text: gives some evidence to his position in the pecking order. His
text: name is DWAYNE T. ROBINSON and he moves brusquely past police
text: technicians and goes to the forward group of officers.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Who's talking to them?
dialog: Powell turns around
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: I am, Sir...Sergeant Al Powell.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Dwayne Robinson. Well, what have
dialog: you learned? What do they want?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: The terrorists? Don't know, Sir.
dialog: We haven't heard a peep from them.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Then who the hell have you been
dialog: talking too?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: We don't exactly know, Sir. He won't
dialog: give us him name. He appears to be the
dialog: man who called in the report...he's
dialog: killed one of the terrorists for sure
dialog: and claims he capped two others.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: He claims? Powell, has it occured
dialog: to you he could be one of the
dialog: terrorists, pulling your chain?
dialog: Or some kind of nut case who --
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: I don't think so, Sir. In fact...
dialog: I think he's a cop. Maybe not
dialog: LAPD, but definitely a badge.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: A hunch. Things he said. Like,
dialog: knowing how to recognize a phony
dialog: ID --
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: -- recognizing phony ID's? Christ,
dialog: Powell, he could be a fucking
dialog: bartender for all we know!
text: Something draws Robinson's attention. He looks at:
scene_heading: 178 HIS P.O.V. - REMOTE NEWS TRUCK 178
text: Pulling up and parking just beyond the barricades.
dialog: Richard Thornburg gets out, starts supervising the *
dialog: positioning of cameras.
scene_heading: 178-A BACK TO SCENE 178-A
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Oh shit...
speaker_heading: 179 HOSTAGE FLOOR 179
text: Hans examines building plans at Holly's desk. Behind him
text: the TV is ON, the sound muted. TV cops triumph over oafish
dialog: bad guys.
text: Hans looks up as Fritz brings in Holly.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I...have a request.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Oh? What idiot put you in charge?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: You did.
dialog: (on his look)
dialog: You murdered by Boss. Now...
dialog: (waving towards
dialog: the hostages)
dialog: They're looking to me. Personally
dialog: I'd pass on the jab. I don't enjoy
dialog: being this close to you.
dialog: Hans is impressed by her candor. And she's easy enough
dialog: on the eyes.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: We have a pregnant woman out there --
dialog: (on his look)
dialog: -- relax, she's not due for two
dialog: weeks, but a marble floor isn't
dialog: doing her back any good. I'd like
dialog: permission for her to more to one
text: of the offices where there's a sofa.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: No. But I'll have a sofa brought
dialog: out to you. Good enough?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Good enough. And unless you like
dialog: is messy, you'd better start taking
dialog: us in groups to the bathroom.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yes, you're right. It will be done.
text: He nods to one of his men, and she is waved to the door:
dialog: As she goes:
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Mr. Takagi chose his people well,
dialog: Mrs...?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Gennero. Miss Gennero.
text: He nods, thoughtful. She goes out. Hans suddenly notices:
speaker_heading: 180 CLOSER - TV 180
text: A slide "SPECIAL BULLETIN" has appeared. This changes to a
dialog: SHOT of the Nakatomi building with "LIVE" supered over it.
text: Richard Thornburg is in front. The CAMERA TIGHTENS ON him.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: This is Richard Thornburg, speaking
dialog: to you live from Century City...
dialog: where Los Angeles has joined the
dialog: sad but world wide fraternity whose
dialog: only membership requirement is the
dialog: awesome spectre of International
dialog: Terrorism...
scene_heading: 181 ANOTHER TV SCREEN - NIGHT 181
dialog: As Thornburg Continues, we PULL BACK. We're WITH Argyle in
text: the back seat of the limo.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (reaching for the
dialog: remote)
dialog: What else is new...?
dialog: The CAMERA PULLS BACK and we SEE the Nakatomi Building rise
text: up in the b.g. behind Thornburg.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Holy shit...
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: We're told that the situation began
dialog: some two hours ago when an
dialog: unidentified party of men took over
dialog: the building and sealed off all of
dialog: its entrances and exits...
text: Argyle is already bailing out of the car.
scene_heading: 182 EXT. LIMO - IN THE GARAGE 182
text: Argyle looks at the metal gates, swallows. He JUMPS back
dialog: in the car.
speaker_heading: 183 BACK INSIDE 183
text: Argyle pours himself a stiff drink.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Since all the telephone lines have
dialog: been cut, the only contact with the
dialog: building had been through the use of
dialog: CB communicators which the terrorists
dialog: brought with them. Strangely enough,
dialog: so far the terrorists have not
dialog: communicated directly with the police...
dialog: but an unidentified man has had
dialog: several conversations which seem to
dialog: indicate...
text: Argyle nearly spills his drink as he leans over the front
text: seat and turns on the CB.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 184 OUTSIDE THE BUILDING - SAME TIME 184
text: Signs of activity along the edges and shadows of the area.
text: Men and vehicles. The SNAP of weapons and breeches.
text: Footsteps running in unison. Powell picks up on this, turns
text: to Robinson, who is standing with the SWAT Captain, MITCHELL.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: What's it look like? We're going
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (flabbergasted)
dialog: Going in...are you out of your mind?
dialog: There's 30 hostages in there -- for
dialog: all we know --
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: -- all we know? We don't know shit,
dialog: Powell. If there's hostages why
dialog: hasn't anyone asked for ransom? If
dialog: there's terrorists, where's their
dialog: goddamn list of demands? All we know
dialog: is that someone shot up your car, and
dialog: it could be the same flake you've been
dialog: talking to on the radio!
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: What about the body that fell out of
dialog: the window -- ?
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Who the hell knows? Maybe he was a
dialog: stockbroker who looked at the Dow Jones
dialog: and opted for early retirement!
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Chief, we're ready.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: I'm coming.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Rivers.
speaker_heading: RIVERS
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Yo.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Begin your reconnoiter.
speaker_heading: 185 MCCLANE 185
text: Inside the building, sadly realizing that the Marlboro pack
text: has only two more to go. He savors the dregs of his current
text: number, then suddenly becomes aware of an almost EERIE QUIET.
text: He moves to the window.
speaker_heading: 186 HIS P.O.V. - OUTSIDE 186
text: Hints of activity in the darkness. A LIGHT FLARES extinguished.
text: Shadows move on trailer walls.
speaker_heading: 187 BACK TO SCENE 187
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (spooked, into CB)
dialog: Powell? Al, you still with me?
dialog: What's going on? Al?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 188 OUTSIDE 188
text: Powell stiffens. Robinson looks at him warningly, shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: I'm here, Roy, but I'm, uh, kind of
dialog: busy. Let's talk later, okay?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Al, what's wrong? Did something --
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: -- Oh, God. You're coming in! That's
dialog: it, isn't it? Christ, Powell, I told
dialog: you what you're dealing with here --
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: I said we'll talk later, Roy. If
dialog: you're what I think you are you should
dialog: know when to listen, when to shut up...
dialog: and when to pray.
text: Hating himself, Powell DISCONNECTS, watches LIGHTS snaps on in
text: the parking lot to illuminate the area.
dialog: Also hating himself, McClane does the same thing. Pale, he
text: moves to a window to watch what he knows is going to be brutal.
scene_heading: 188-A IN HOLLY'S OFFICE - HANS 188-A
text: He hunches over his communicator.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: They'll be coming. Get ready.
dialog: Theo, watch the screens. Be our
dialog: eyes and ears.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Wait until they're close.
speaker_heading: 188-B EDDIE 188-B
text: slips away from the desk, a computer card in his hand. He
text: meets up with another terrorist and they move behind a slit
text: in the wall. Eddie waves his card at the sensor and a METAL
text: GRID crashes into place. They hold their weapons behind it,
dialog: ready.
scene_heading: 188-C VARIOUS SHOTS - TERRORISTS - ON OTHER FLOORS 188-C
text: All now with earplugs in their CB's, taking up positions:
speaker_heading: 189 AT THE LOBBY DOOR 189
text: The SWAT team leader moves in SOP style to the door, scans it
dialog: carefully.
scene_heading: 189-A EXT. CENTURY CITY - ON MITCHELL AND ROBINSON - 189-A
speaker_heading: POLICE BARRICADES
text: Mitchell listens to CB radio.
speaker_heading: RIVERS
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: We're in position.
text: Mitchell looks at Robinson, who is visible tense. Robinson
text: hesitates, then gives his approval with a nod.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (to CB)
dialog: Go.
scene_heading: 190 QUICK SHOTS - INSIDE THE LOBBY 190
text: The SECURITY CAMERAS on the walls PAN and ZOOM:
speaker_heading: 191 THE VAULT DOOR 191
text: Kristoff DRILLS AWAY, is rewarded with the message FIFTH LOCK
text: DEACTIVATED. DO YOU WISH TO CONTINUE? Nearby, Theo sits at
text: a bank of monitors. Screen after screen pinpoints all the
text: police activity outside, down to the last detail. Theo SMILES.
text: Suddenly we RECOGNIZE that tune he's been whistling. It's
dialog: "Singin' In The Rain."
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (into a throat mike)
dialog: It was the night before Xmas, and
dialog: all through the house, not a creature
dialog: was stirring, expect for the four
text: assholes coming in the rear in
dialog: standard 2 X 2 cover formation.
scene_heading: 192 INT. LOBBY - NIGHT 192
dialog: Eddie and another terrorist, ULI, take up prone firing
text: positions, using the gaps in the steel partition like gunpoints.
scene_heading: 193 ANGLE ON TWO SWAT OFFICERS 193
text: Mitchell and Robinson watch from behind the cover of a police
text: car as the SWAT officers remove a portable welding torch and
text: begin cutting their way through the locks.
scene_heading: 194 INT. 33RD FLOOR - MCCLANE 194
text: He moves painfully to the window and looks out. He can't see
dialog: a thing because of the lights.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: No...
scene_heading: 195 EXT. POLICE BARRICADES - ON MITCHELL AND ROBINSON 195
text: Suddenly rifle fire sounds from the building.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (worriedly)
dialog: They're shooting at them
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: It's panic fire...they can't see
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (under breath)
text: They're shooting at the lights.
text: More shots ring out from the building going over the SWAT
text: officers' heads and suddenly the huge dome of one of the
text: spotlights shatters behind Mitchell and Robinson's head.
text: The glow fades. A moment later the next light twenty feet
dialog: away dies.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: They're going after the lights!
text: The two SWAT officers cutting the garage ate suddenly look up
text: as their cover starts to disappear.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Call them back.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: No, they're almost in.
text: Suddenly the third and fourth lights are shot out and the SWAT
dialog: men become sitting ducks.
scene_heading: 196 IN HOLLY'S OFFICE - HANS 196
text: He calmly speak into his CB.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Don't get impatient. Just wound them.
speaker_heading: 197 INT. LOBBY 197
text: Eddie and Uli fire. They hit one of the officers in the leg,
dialog: the second one in the arm.
scene_heading: 198 EXT. POLICE BARRICADES - ON MITCHELL AND ROBINSON 198
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: Send in the car!
text: An armored car wheels toward the building and starts toward
dialog: the wounded men.
scene_heading: 199 INT. ROOF-MACHINE ROOM/SERVICE ELEVATOR - SAME 199
text: JAMES and Alexander quickly load two crates onto the service
text: elevator and push the button for the 3rd floor. As the car
text: starts down, they remove an anti-tank gun from one of the
dialog: crates.
scene_heading: 200 WITH THEO - WATCHING SCREENS 200
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Well, what have we here. The
dialog: police've got themselves an R.V.
dialog: James, Alexander, southeast corner.
scene_heading: 201 INT. 3RD FLOOR - SAME 201
text: The service elevator arrives on the 3rd floor and James and
text: Alexander move across the room toward the windows with the
text: anti-tank weapon. At the window, they prepare the weapon
dialog: for use.
text: Outside the window the armored car has stopped in front of the
text: wounded man and paramedics quickly load them in from the
text: sheltered side of the vehicle. Alexander quickly sights on
dialog: the armored car.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (to Hans, CB)
dialog: I have them
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s., over CB)
dialog: Fire.
scene_heading: 202 EXT. THE ARMORED CAR 202
text: A blast ROARS from the third floor window and the shell hits
text: the armored car. The car pitches forward like a beast whose
text: front legs have been shot out from under it -- its front axle
text: destroyed, unable to move. Alexander looks back at James and
dialog: grins.
speaker_heading: 203 30TH FLOOR - HANS 203
text: He watches from his window. Coldly picks up his CB.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Hit it again.
speaker_heading: 204 MCCLANE 204
text: listening. He picks up his CB.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Hans, you motherfucker, you've made
dialog: your point. Let them pull back!
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: Thank you Mr. Cowboy, I'll take it
dialog: under advisement. His it again.
text: McClane slumps to the floor below the window. He feels
text: helpless, then notices his kit bag.
speaker_heading: 205 3RD FLOOR 205
text: James runs back to the crate on the elevator.
scene_heading: 206 EXT. POLICE BARRICADE - ON ROBINSON AND MITCHELL 206
text: They look on in horror as the armored car sits helplessly on
text: fire. On the police radio channel we HEAR the screams of men
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: Rivers! Rodriguiz!...Report...
speaker_heading: RIVERS
dialog: (voice over; on
dialog: radio, yelling)
dialog: This is Rivers. We've got one dead.
dialog: Everybody's hit. Rodriguiz's bleeding
dialog: bad. We've got to get the fuck out of
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: Rivers, hang on! That's an order!
dialog: Hang on, we'll get you out.
scene_heading: 207 INT. ELEVATOR CAR - 3RD FLOOR - SAME 207
text: James opens the box of shells and takes two and starts back
dialog: across the room.
scene_heading: 208 INT. 33RD FLOOR - CLOSE ON A SHAPE ON PLASTIC 208
speaker_heading: EXPLOSIVE - SAME
text: Like a football. It sits on the seat of a secretary's chair
dialog: with castors. We PULL BACK TO SEE McClane press three
text: detonators into the top, then cover the explosive with a
text: typewriter, tying it securely in place with electrical cords.
scene_heading: 209 ANGLE ON SERVICE ELEVATOR - MCCLANE 209
text: wheels the chair to the service elevator, opens the door and
text: block them with a fire axe. He looks in -- the top of the car
text: can just be seen thirty-five floors below.
scene_heading: 210 INT. 3RD FLOOR 210
text: James hands the shell to Alexander, who expertly loads it into
text: the anti-tank gun. Alexaneder lifts the gun to his shoulder
dialog: and aims.
scene_heading: 211 INT. 38TH FLOOR 211
text: McClane push the chair into the shaft.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Geronimo...motherfuckers.
text: For a long moment there is nothing, then: the shaft is filled
text: with light, then SOUND -- an ungodly ROAR -- and McClane is
text: thrown back across the elevator corridor against the other
text: back of doors by the concussion wave.
speaker_heading: 212 ON THE 3RD FLOOR 212
text: The explosion, like a firestorm, rips across the floor:
text: 213 BLOWING OUT THE MACHINE GUN NEXT AND JAMES AND 213
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
speaker_heading: 214 SHATTERING WINDOWS 214
scene_heading: 215 SENDING DESKS, CHAIRS, PHONES, AND TYPEWRITERS 215
speaker_heading: FLYING
scene_heading: 216 EXT. AVENUE OF THE STARS 216
text: The police take cover behind their cars. Powell, Robinson,
dialog: and Mitchell look like they've seen the face of God as the
text: building rocks from the blast. Henry's cigarette falls from
text: his mouth as a desk is sent hurtling across Avenue of the Stars
text: into the trees across the street.
scene_heading: 217 INT. UNDERGROUND PARKING GARAGE - ON WILLIAM - SAME 217
text: watching it on TV, feeling it all around him.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Oh, Jesus...
scene_heading: 218 EXT. DOWN ON THE STREET - SAME 218
text: Dick Thornburg's crew is taping.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: (in awe)
dialog: Unreal.
dialog: (to the cameraman)
dialog: Did you get all that?
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: Yep.
text: Thornburg looks at his competitors still setting up.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: Eat your heart out, Channel Four.
speaker_heading: 219- OUT OUT 219-
speaker_heading: 221 221
speaker_heading: 222 ON HOSTAGE FLOOR 222
text: The hostages are shaken and the terrorists guarding them
dialog: aren't too sure of themselves either. Only Hans is relatively
dialog: calm.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: They're using artillery on us -- !
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: You idiot, it's not the police...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...It's him.
speaker_heading: 223 ANGLE ON HOLLY 223
text: She comforts Ginny.
scene_heading: 224 INT. 32ND FLOOR - MCCLANE - SAME 224
text: He sits up and lifts the CB.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Al! Al, the guys in the car, did
dialog: they make it?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 225 EXT. POWELL 225
text: on the street, watching as the survivors are pulled out of the
dialog: wreck and to safety.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (on CB)
dialog: Safe and sound, thanks to you.
dialog: What the fuck was that?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: The plastique I found.
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Is the building on fire?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: No, but it's gonna need one hell
dialog: of a paint job and a shitload of
dialog: screen doors.
dialog: (looking off,
dialog: nodding)
dialog: One spotters say you got two with
dialog: that blast.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Two? Are you sure?
text: Before Powell can answer Robinson comes running up to him.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Is that him?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (reaching for Powell's
dialog: CB)
dialog: Give me that.
dialog: (angrily at McClane)
dialog: Now, listen to me, mister, I don't
dialog: know what you think you're doing,
dialog: but demolishing a building doesn't
dialog: fall under the definition of 'help'!
dialog: There's hundreds of people out here
dialog: and you covered half of them in
dialog: pieces of glass --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Glass, my ass! Who the fuck is this?
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: This is Deputy Chief of Police
dialog: Dwayne T. Robinson, and I'm in
dialog: charge of this situation.
text: McClane leans tiredly against the elevator door.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Well, from up here, it looks like
dialog: you're in charge of shit, Dwayne.
dialog: I haven't seen such a fucked up
dialog: operation since the
dialog: Bride of Frankenstein. Ask
dialog: the guys in the armored car if
dialog: they minded a little flying glass.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Listen asshole -- !
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Asshole? I'm not the one who just
dialog: for butt fucked on national TV,
dialog: Dwayne! Now if you're not part
dialog: of the solution, stop being part
dialog: of the problem! Get off the
dialog: Goddamn radio and put Al back on!
text: McClane is so furious, he's out of breath.
scene_heading: 226 INT. LIMO - ARGYLE - SAME 226
text: Argyle nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Tell 'em, Mr. Mac! Tell 'em!
scene_heading: 227 INT. 33RD FLOOR - ON MCCLANE 227
text: still seething. There is a long pause on the CB, then:
speaker_heading: POWELL'S VOICE
dialog: Hello, Roy. How're you feeling?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Pretty fucking unappreciated.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 228 ON POWELL 228
text: Other officers, including Robinson, monitor the conversation.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Hey, I love you.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: So do a lot of the guys. So hang
dialog: in there, man. Hang in there.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (tired, touched)
dialog: Thanks...partner.
speaker_heading: 229 TV - CLOSE 229
dialog: As it SNAPS ON. We're in the studio set.
speaker_heading: GAIL
dialog: (as the picture
dialog: stabilizes)
dialog: ...of the Nakatomi building,
dialog: sources say that the terrorist
dialog: leader 'Hans' may be this man,
dialog: Hans Gruber.
text: A SLIDE of Hans appears behind her. At the same time, the CAMERA
dialog: PULLS BACK. We realize we're on THE HOSTAGE FLOOR, and Hans
text: has just turned on the set out here for his "guests". He smiles
text: modestly as they "recognize" him from the on air shot, returns
dialog: to the office.
speaker_heading: GAIL
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: A member of the radical
dialog: West German Volksfrei movement.
dialog: Strangely, the Volksfrei leadership
dialog: issued a communique an hour ago
dialog: stating that Gruber has been expelled
dialog: from the organization and is operating
dialog: on his own.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Obviously, Gail whatever his
dialog: affiliation, it's safe to say
dialog: that Gruber's terrorist actions
dialog: in Los Angeles tonight are well,
dialog: terroristic...
text: As the bullshit continues, Ellis suddenly STANDS, head towards
dialog: the terrorist "office". Immediately the chief guard here,
text: Fritz, moves to intercept Ellis.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: I'm tired of sitting here waiting
dialog: to see who gets us killed first...
dialog: them...or your husband.
dialog: (to the approaching
dialog: Fritz)
dialog: Hi there.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (worried)
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Hey, I negotiate million dollar
dialog: deals for breakfast. I can handle
dialog: these clowns.
dialog: (to Fritz)
dialog: I want to talk to Hans. Hans!
dialog: Sprickenzie talk?
text: He doesn't wait for an answer. Fritz follows him. Holly
dialog: worries.
speaker_heading: 230 THE OFFICE 230
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (in mid-speech,
dialog: angry)
dialog: -- you wouldn't let me kill him
dialog: when I had the chance --
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: If you'd listened to me he would
dialog: be neutralized already!
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: I don't want neutral...I want dead --
text: ALL TURN at a rap on the door. Ellis is there.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Hope I'm not interrupting...?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (to Fritz)
dialog: What does he want?
dialog: As Fritz shrugs:
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: It's not what I want, it's what
dialog: I can give you. Look, let's be
dialog: straight, okay? It's obvious
dialog: you're not some dumb thug up
dialog: here to snatch a few purses, am
dialog: I right?
dialog: Karl looks at Ellis and then at Hans, as if to say, let me plug
dialog: this asshole right now. But Hans is either amused of curious
text: or bored enough to shake his head, turn back to Ellis.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (politely)
dialog: You're very perceptive.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: (flattered)
dialog: Hey, I read the papers, I watch
dialog: 60 minutes, I say to myself, these
dialog: guys are professionals, they're
dialog: motivated, they're happening.
dialog: They want something. Now, personally,
dialog: I don't care about your politics.
dialog: Maybe you're pissed at the
dialog: Camel Jockeys, maybe it's the
dialog: Hebes, Northern Ireland, that's
dialog: none of my business. I figure,
dialog: You're here to negotiate, am I right?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: You're amazing. You figured this
dialog: all out already?
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Hey, business is business. You use
dialog: a gun, I use a fountain pen, what's
dialog: the difference? To put it in my
dialog: terms, you're here on a hostile
dialog: takeover and you grab us for some
dialog: greenmail but you didn't expect a
dialog: poison pill was gonna be running
dialog: around the building.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Hans, baby...I'm your white knight.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: I must have missed 60 Minutes. What
dialog: are you saying?
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: The guy upstairs who's fucking things
dialog: up? I can give him to you.
dialog: As Hans reacts with real interest for the first time, we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 231 POWELL 231
text: By the CB. He suddenly REACTS to a GROAN from McClane.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Roy! You all right?
speaker_heading: 232 INSIDE - MCCLANE 232
text: He's by an open desk drawer, having just ripped open a package
text: of twinkies he's found. He grimaces, mouth full.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Yeah, just trying to handle some
dialog: year old twinkies. Yucck. What
dialog: do they put in these things?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: 'Sugar, enriched flour, partially
dialog: hydrogenated vegetable oil,
dialog: polysorbate 60 and yellow dye #5.'
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You sound like a man with a
dialog: couple of kids.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Not yet, the wife in working on our
dialog: first. You got any kids back on
dialog: the ranch?
text: McClane swallows Twinkie with a grimace, takes out his wallet,
text: flips it open to a picture of himself and Holly and the kids
dialog: in happier days.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Two. And I'd sure like to see them
text: swinging on the jungle gym with
dialog: Al junior.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: It's a date. You buy the ice cream.
text: McClane laughs, stares at the photo, when suddenly another VOICE
text: besides Powell's comes over his radio.
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s., on CB)
text: Touching, cowboy, touching.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Or should I call you Mister McClane?
dialog: Mister officer John McClane on the
dialog: NYPD?
dialog: McClane FREEZES. How much do they know?
scene_heading: 233 THORNBURG - IN TRAILER 233
text: Reacts, gleeful, writes down the name.
speaker_heading: THORSON
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Get on the phone to our New York
dialog: affiliate...move, move!
speaker_heading: 234 POWELL 234
text: reacts, signals an Aide, who's already writing, too.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 235 MCCLANE AND HANS 235
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (fighting to stay calm)
dialog: Sister Teresa in third grade called
dialog: me Mr. McClane. My friends call me
dialog: John Mac. You're neither...shithead.
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: I have someone who wants to talk
dialog: to you. A very special friend who
dialog: was at the party with you tonight.
text: McClane's face falls. Oh, God. Eyes closed, he waits for the
text: voice that tells him it's all over.
speaker_heading: ELLIS' VOICE
dialog: Hello, John boy?
text: McClane's eyes open, showing equal parts of shock and hope.
text: In the office, CAMERA ADJUSTS TO SHOW Ellis as Hans gives him
dialog: the CB.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Ellis?
text: Ellis has a cigarette, and a terrorist brings him a Diet coke.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: John, they're giving me a few minutes
dialog: to try and talk some sense into you.
dialog: I know you think you're doing your
dialog: job, and I can appreciate that, but
dialog: you're just dragging this thing out.
dialog: None of us gets out of here until
dialog: these people can negotiate with the
dialog: LA police, and they're just not gonna
dialog: start doing that until you stop
dialog: messing up the works.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Ellis, what have you told them?
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: I told them we're old friends and you
dialog: were my guest at the party.
text: McClane sighs, partially relieved. Hans meanwhile, narrows his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Ellis...you shouldn't be doing
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Tell me about it.
text: He looks at Hans, who gives him a nod.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: All right...John, listen to me...
dialog: They want you to tell them where the
dialog: detonators are. They know people are
dialog: listening. They want the detonators
dialog: of they're going to kill me.
text: Ellis gives Hans a big "ok" sign. Hans returns it.
scene_heading: 236 INT. POLICE TRAILER - ON POWELL, ROBINSON - SAME 236
text: and others listening intently. McClane closes his eyes and
text: leans his head back again. He knows what is going to happen,
dialog: even if this poor bastard Ellis doesn't.
speaker_heading: ELLIS' VOICE
dialog: John, didn't you hear me?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (to CB, quietly)
dialog: Yeah, I hear you, you fucking moron!
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: John, I think you could get with
dialog: the program a little. The police
dialog: are here now. It's their problem.
dialog: Tell these guys where the detonators
dialog: are so no one else gets hurt. Hey,
dialog: I'm putting my life on the line for
dialog: you buddy...
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Don't you think I know that! Put
dialog: Hans on! Hans, listen to me, that
dialog: shithead doesn't know what kind of
dialog: scum you are, but I do --
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Good. Then you'll give us what we
dialog: want and save your friend's life.
dialog: You're not part of this equation.
dialog: It's time to realize that.
text: Saying this, Hans takes out his gun, points it at Ellis, smiling.
text: Ellis smiles, too.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: What am I, a method actor? Hans,
dialog: babe, put away the gun. This is
dialog: radio, not television...
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: That asshole's not my friend!
dialog: I barely know him! I hate his
dialog: fucking guts --
dialog: (desperately sincere)
dialog: -- Ellis, for Christ's sake, tell
dialog: him you don't mean shit to me --
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: John, how can you say that, after
dialog: all these years--? John? John?
dialog: Ellis looks at Hans and shrugs, "Well, I tried..." Hans nods
text: understandingly. He takes the CB, presses the TALK button, and
text: in one frighteningly smooth motion brings the Walther up to
text: Ellis' forehead and PULLS THE TRIGGER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 237 INT. 33RD FLOOR - MCCLANE 237
dialog: He was expecting the SHOT but it still chills him.
scene_heading: 238 30TH FLOOR - HOLLY AND HOSTAGES 238
text: She lowers her head sadly. Around her, the others go CRAZY as
text: they SEE Ellis' blood splattered on the glass walls on Hans'
dialog: office.
scene_heading: 239 INT. HANS' OFFICE - ON HANS 239
text: He throws open the door to let McClane and the police hear the
dialog: screams of the hostages.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Hear that? Talk to me, where are my
dialog: detonators. Where are they or shall
dialog: I shoot another one? Sooner or later...
dialog: (taking a shot)
dialog: ...I might get to someone you do care
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Go fuck yourself.
speaker_heading: He DISCONNECTS.
scene_heading: 240 EXT. BUILDING 240
dialog: Powell fends off Robinson, who wants the CB.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Goddamn, didn't you hear him! He
dialog: practically pulled the Goddamned
dialog: trigger himself -- he gave that man
dialog: to them --
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Christ, can't you read between the
dialog: lines! He did everything he could
dialog: to save him...if he gave himself up
dialog: they'd both be dead!
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Maybe. And maybe they'd at least
dialog: be talking to us! Now tell your
dialog: 'partner' to stay out of it, or so
dialog: help me if he lives through this
dialog: I'll put him behind bars myself!
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (amused)
text: He's alone, tired, hunted, and hasn't
dialog: seen diddly-squat from us and you
dialog: think he gives a flying fuck about
dialog: what you're going to do to him?
dialog: Robinson, wake up and smell the shit
dialog: you're shoveling!
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Anytime you want to go home,
dialog: Sergeant...consider yourself dismissed.
dialog: They lock eyes.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: No Sir. You couldn't drag me away.
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: (over CB)
dialog: Attention police. Attention police.
text: It's asses and elbows time. Tape recorders are started.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (starting to speak)
dialog: This is --
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (taking the CB away)
dialog: This is Deputy Chief Robinson. Who
dialog: is this?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 241 HANS' OFFICE 241
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: This is Hans Gruber. I assume you
dialog: realize the futility of direct action
dialog: against me. We have no wish for
dialog: further loss of life.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: What do you wish for, Mister Gruber?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I have comrades in arms around the
dialog: world who are languishing in prison.
dialog: The American State Department enjoys
text: rattling its saber to its own ends...
dialog: now it can rattle it for me.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 242 MCCLANE 242
dialog: Listening to this with expressions ranging from astonishment
dialog: to dismay to outright derisive amusement.
speaker_heading: HANS' VOICE
dialog: ...The following people are to be
dialog: released from their captors: In
dialog: Northern Ireland, the seven members
dialog: of the New Provo Front. In Canada,
dialog: the five imprisoned leaders of
dialog: Liberte de Quebec...
speaker_heading: 243 HANS' OFFICE 243
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: ...in Sri Lanka, the nine members
dialog: of the Asian Dawn movement...
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: 'Asian Dawn Movement?'
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (off-mike, a shrug)
dialog: I read about them in Time magazine.
dialog: (on mike)
dialog: When these Revolutionary Brothers and
dialog: Sisters are Free, the hostages in this
dialog: building will be taken to the roof and
dialog: they will accompany us in helicopters
dialog: to the Los Angeles International Airport
dialog: where you will be given further
dialog: instructions. You have two hours to
dialog: comply.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Two hours? Are you insane? I can't
dialog: authorize...hello? Hello?
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Do you think they'll even try to
dialog: do it?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Who cares?
dialog: (on another
dialog: channel)
dialog: Theo. Are we on schedule?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 244 VAULT ROOM 244
dialog: Theo and Kristoff have been rewarded with another LOCK
speaker_heading: DEACTIVATED.
speaker_heading: THEO *
dialog: One more to go...then it's up
dialog: to you.
text: The graphic on his screen flashes: "WARNING: ELECTRO- *
dialog: MAGNETIC SEAL ARMED." *
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: And you better be right, because
dialog: this one's going to take a miracle.
speaker_heading: HANS *
dialog: It's Christmas, Theo, it's the time
dialog: of miracles. So be of good cheer
dialog: and call me when you hit the last
dialog: lock.
dialog: (disconnecting)
dialog: Karl...hunt the little shit down
dialog: and get those detonators.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Franco is checking the explosives,
text: Fritz is with him.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I'll check the explosives. You
dialog: just get those detonators.
speaker_heading: 245 MCCLANE - 32ND FLOOR 245
text: As he talks, he essentially PATROLS the floor he's staked
text: out, constantly looking into every dark corner, gun held
text: ready, moving toward the stairwell.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Al? Al, you there?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: I'm here, cowboy.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Speaking of cows, did you ever
dialog: hear so much bullshit in your life?
dialog: Two hours? That doesn't even make
dialog: any sense --
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Don't tell me, partner. I'm just
dialog: a desk jockey who was on the way
dialog: home when you rang.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: The way you drove that car, I
dialog: figured you for the streets.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: In my youth, partner. In my youth.
scene_heading: 246 INT. TV STUDIO - NIGHT 246
dialog: Gail and Harvey have company, a man from the Senator
dialog: Paul Simon's school of grooming.
speaker_heading: GAIL
dialog: (in mid-speech)
dialog: ...author of...
dialog: (holding up a copy)
dialog: 'Hostage/Terrorist, Terrorist/Hostage,
dialog: a Study in Duality.' Dr. Hasseldorf,
dialog: what can we expect in the next few hours?
speaker_heading: HASSELDORF
dialog: Well, Gail, by this time the hostages
dialog: and their captors should be entering
dialog: the early stages of the Helsinki
dialog: Syndrome.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: As in Helsinki, Sweden?
speaker_heading: 247 CONTROL ROOM 247
text: Sam sighs, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HASSELDORF
dialog: (over monitor)
dialog: Uh...Finland. Basically, it's when
dialog: the hostages and the terrorists go
dialog: through a sort of psychological
dialog: transference and projection of dependency...
scene_heading: 248 INT. NAKATOMI - HOSTAGE FLOOR 248
text: Fritz drags Ellis' body out of the office and throws it on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: HASSELDORF
dialog: (over Hans' TV)
dialog: What can only be described as a
dialog: strange sort of trust and bond
dialog: develops...We've had situations where
dialog: hostages have embraced their captors
dialog: after their release and in one case
dialog: even corresponded with them in prison...
scene_heading: 249 INT. BUILDING - MACHINE FLOOR 249
text: Hans turns, looks up at the ceiling. Too dim up there to see
text: from here. He sighs, sets his gun down on a buttress, starts
dialog: to climb up, not enjoying it.
speaker_heading: 250- OUT OUT 250-
dialog: 253 253
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 254 OUTSIDE THE BUILDING 254
text: Robinson looks at a YOUNG COP, reacts, startled:
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: The...the FBI? Here? Now?
speaker_heading: YOUNG COP
dialog: Yessir. Right over there.
text: Robinson looks at Powell, adjusts his clothing, fixes his tie.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: You want a breath mint?
text: Robinson glares at him, then they move together towards:
scene_heading: 255 A BIG DARK GOVERNMENT CAR 255
text: Headlights still on, dominating the area where it sits. Robinson
dialog: steps up, sees:
speaker_heading: 256 HIS P.O.V. - FBI AGENTS 256
text: They get out. One big back lit SILHOUETTE, one little one.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: (showing badge)
dialog: I'm Special Agent Johnson of the FBI.
dialog: This is Agent Johnson...no relation.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (stepping forward, plastic
dialog: smile)
dialog: Dwayne Robinson, LAPD. I'm in charge
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: Not any more.
dialog: As Robinson REACTS, we GO TO:
scene_heading: 257 THE MECHANICAL FLOOR - TIGHT ON HANS 257
text: He checks the plastique, not pleased. He turns, DROPS to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: 258 LOW ANGLE 258
text: He lands, knees bent...looks directly at a PAIR OF BARE FEET.
text: A GUN BARREL DROPS INTO THE SHOT close to his head.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Lost?
speaker_heading: 259 NEW ANGLE 259
text: A moment. And then Hans turns, looks up.
text: The transformation in his expression and bearing are mind-
text: boggling. Hands shaking, eyes filled with fear, he swallows,
text: looks up at McClane and in a perfect American accent says:
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: --ohGodplease -- don't kill me --
dialog: don't kill me -- you're one of them,
dialog: I know it --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (thrown, unsure)
dialog: Whoa, whoa, easy man. I won't hurt
dialog: you. Who are you? What are you
dialog: looking for?
dialog: Hans' eyes dart towards:
text: 260 THE BUTTRESS TEN FEET AWAY 260
text: Where a tiny piece of his gun sticks out, barely visible.
speaker_heading: 261 BACK TO SCENE 261
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: A way up to the roof...I thought I
dialog: could signal for help --
text: He starts in that direction.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Forget it. They got a guy up there.
dialog: You want to stay alive, keep moving.
dialog: Hey? You hear me?
text: Hans realizes this tack won't work. He follows McClane.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: You...you're an American?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (friendly, easing the
dialog: man's fears)
dialog: Only if New Jersey counts.
text: It works. The poor frightened civilian shows a hint of a smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 261-A OUTSIDE BUILDING 261-A
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (in mid-speech to FBI)
dialog: We've got thirty, maybe thirty-five
text: hostages, probably on the 30th floor...
dialog: seven, maybe eight terrorists.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JOHNSON
dialog: (to Big Johnson)
dialog: Sounds like a standard A-7 scenario.
text: Big Johnson nods in agreement, turns to Robinson.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: Thank you. We'll handle it from
dialog: here. When we need to commandeer
dialog: your men, we'll try and let you know.
text: He starts to move away with his partner.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Aren't you forgetting something?
dialog: Johnson and Johnson turn. Robinson wants Powell to shut up.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: Such as...?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (pointing to the building)
dialog: John McClane! He's the man who gave
dialog: us all the information we've got!
dialog: He's the reason you're facing seven
dialog: terrorists instead of twelve.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JOHNSON
dialog: He's inside? Who is he?
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: He may be a cop...we're checking
dialog: on that --
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: One of yours?
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: (too quickly)
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: If he's not a terrorist, and he's
dialog: not a hostage...he's just not part
dialog: of the equation.
text: They start to walk away.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: T...that's the same Goddamn thing
dialog: the terrorists said!
speaker_heading: LITTLE JOHNSON
dialog: (interested)
dialog: Really?
dialog: (to Big Johnson)
dialog: That's one good thing. Sound like
dialog: we're dealing with pros.
dialog: They leave.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 262 THE COMPUTER FLOOR 262
text: McClane and Hans walk together. Hans is still a "nervous wreck."
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: There was a party -- celebration --
dialog: all of a sudden they were there --
dialog: shooting -- threatening us --
speaker_heading: 263 CLOSER SHOT 263
text: McClane looks at this poor civilian, on the edge of going to
text: pieces. He puts his hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Relax, man...you smoke?
text: Hans nods, still "frightened". McClane takes out his spoils
text: of war, the Marlboros. Two left. He sighs, takes one, offers
text: the other one with an expression like a little boy forced to
text: share a cookie. McClane takes out a lighter, does his and
text: Hans'. Hans nods, grateful...then peers at McClane.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: You...you don't work for Nakatomi...
dialog: and if you're not one of them...
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I'm a cop from New York.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: New York...
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: They invited me to the Xmas party.
dialog: Who knew?
text: Hans' eyes take in his bare feet.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Better than being caught with your
dialog: pants down, right?
dialog: (extending his hand)
dialog: John McClane.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: William Clay.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Call me Bill.
text: McClane nods, friendly like, and his eyes glance casually over
dialog: at:
scene_heading: 264 THE WALL - A ROSTER OF NAKATOMI EMPLOYEES 264
scene_heading: In alphabetical order. CAMERA MOVES OVER the "c's": CAMPBELL,
scene_heading: S.: CLAY, WM.: CRAWFORD, L...PANS BACK TO CLAY.
speaker_heading: 265 BACK TO SCENE 265
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Bill, you know how to use a handgun?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: One weekend I went to a combat ranch...
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: You know, that game with the, the guns
dialog: that shoot red paint? Must sound
dialog: pretty silly to you...
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Sounds better than nothing.
text: McClane takes out his Baretta, pops out the magazine, jams in
text: a fresh one and hands it to him.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Time for the real thing.
text: McClane turns, moves on...we STAY ON him until he REACTS to a
text: CLICK. He slowly turns:
speaker_heading: 265-A NEW ANGLE 265-A
dialog: Hans is...well, Hans again, from expression to posture. He
text: holds the pistol aimed at McClane's face and talks calmly into
dialog: his radio in German.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Karl! Franco! I'm on 33. Come
dialog: quickly.
dialog: (to McClane)
dialog: Put down your gun and give me my
dialog: detonators.
text: McClane just looks at him.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Hans. Your Hans.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (nods, indicating McClane's
dialog: gun again)
dialog: Put it down now.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: That was tricky, with the accent.
dialog: I bet you do a great Ed Sullivan.
dialog: Why do you need the detonators, Hans?
dialog: I already used the explosives.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I'm going to count to three...
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Yeah. Like you did with Takagi.
text: McClane raises his machine gun, aims at Hans. Hans PULLS THE
speaker_heading: TRIGGER.
text: Click. Astonishment. Click-click-click. McClane steps in
text: carefully, reclaims his pistol.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: You think I'm a shmuch, Hans.
text: Hans pales as we hear the ding of an approaching elevator.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: You were saying.
dialog: McClane whirls in time to see:
speaker_heading: 266- OUT OUT 266-
speaker_heading: 269 269
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 260 KARL, FRANCO AND FRITZ 270
text: Coming out of it, FIRING.
speaker_heading: 271 BACK TO SCENE 271
text: McClane FIRES back, killing Fritz. Karl and Franco take
text: cover. McClane ducks into a water cooler alcove, looks back
dialog: at:
speaker_heading: 272 WHERE HANS WAS 272
text: He's gone, a SWINGING OFFICE DOOR the only evidence of his
dialog: passing.
speaker_heading: 273 BACK TO SCENE 273
text: McClane curses himself, then RETREATS into a:
speaker_heading: 273-A- OUT OUT 273-A-
speaker_heading: 273-I 273-I
speaker_heading: 274 BANK OF COMPUTERS 274
text: Where he DUCKS and DODGES as bullets ping and ricochet all
text: around him. Ducking, rolling, he FIRES at:
speaker_heading: 275 FRANCO 275
text: McClane's bullets RAKE his middle, throw him over a desk, his
speaker_heading: weapon FLYING:
speaker_heading: 276 CLOSER 276
text: He SLIDES right into a glass door. It smashes around his head.
dialog: Bright arterial BLOOD fountains up:
speaker_heading: 277 MCCLANE 277
text: hope rising at the prospect of an equal battle, his face
text: suddenly FALLS as BULLETS fly in from an unexpected direction.
dialog: He turns:
speaker_heading: 278 HANS 278
text: has reappeared and snatched up Franco's weapon.
speaker_heading: 279 MCCLANE 279
text: FIRES, moving, trying to keep from bring flanked. One of his
text: shots SHATTERS a glass panel, raining down shards near Hans,
text: who escapes with only superficial scratches.
speaker_heading: 280 HANS 280
text: looks at the glass around him, gets an idea. He SHOUTS to
dialog: Karl in German:
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: The glass! Shoot the glass!
text: And, saying this, he demonstrates. Karl follows suit.
speaker_heading: 281 MCCLANE 281
text: as GLASS FLIES EVERYWHERE, McClane sees one option, takes it.
text: BLASTING a burst to keep their heads down, he WHIRLS, JUMPS
text: on top of a long counter and RUNS ACROSS THE ROOM. Their
text: BULLETS follow him, six inches behind his moving form! Big
text: CRAY UNITS GROAN with electronic SQUEALS and SPARKS as a
text: million Gigabytes goes to RAM heaven. McClane reaches the end
text: of the counter, DIVES and rolls to the floor:
speaker_heading: 282 HIS FOOT 282
text: goes right down on a jagged SHARD. He GROANS, keeps going:
speaker_heading: 283 STAIRWELL DOOR 283
dialog: He's out, gone, safe!
speaker_heading: 284 BACK TO SCENE 284
text: Karl looks pissed as hell. Behind him, Hans sifts through
text: rubble, then comes over, smiling.
text: He's holding the bag of detonators.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Smile, Karl. We are back in business.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 285 INT. TV TRAILER 285
speaker_heading: HASSELDORF
dialog: (on monitor here)
dialog: ...all depends on what we mean by
dialog: "Terror.' If Clauswitz could say
dialog: 'War is the last resort of Deplomacy,'
dialog: couldn't we just as well say that
dialog: terrorism has an equal claim to...
text: Mary comes inside, grinning ear to ear. Thornburg looks up from
text: his danish, a cute little chin napkin protecting his shirt
dialog: collar.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: You got something?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (waving a paper)
dialog: Just McClane's name, badge number,
dialog: police record, vital statistics...
dialog: (the ringer)
dialog: ...And his family's address right
dialog: here in L.A.
dialog: As Thornburg GRINS we GO TO:
speaker_heading: 286 HOSTAGE FLOOR 286
text: Eddie and Uli are guarding the hostages. Hans and Karl return.
text: Hans tosses the bag of detonators to Uli, who grins, leaves.
speaker_heading: 287 HOLLY AND GINNY 287
text: Holly has watched all this nervously. But Ginny's eyes follow
text: Karl, who doesn't share the mood of the others.
speaker_heading: GINNY
dialog: That one look pissed, Ms. Gennero...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Thank God.
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: He's still alive.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 288 UPSTAIRS - WASHROOM 288
text: The door JARS open. McClane all but crawls inside. As he
text: passes the CAMERA we SEE his dragging foot leaving a trail
dialog: of blood on the linoleum.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 289 VAULT ROOM - SAME TIME 289
text: Theo and Kristoff REACT, delighted, as they get the message
text: SIXTH LOCK DEACTIVATED. Suddenly a BUZZER SOUNDS and the
scene_heading: graphic flashes: "ELECTROMAGNETIC SEAL ENGAGED. CANNOT
scene_heading: BE DISARMED AT THIS LOCATION. TERMINATE SEQUENCE (Y/N)?"
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You better heat up that miracle *
dialog: you were talking about. We broke
dialog: through on Number Six, and the
dialog: Electromagentic came down like a
dialog: sledgehammer...
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 290 HANS' OFFICE 290
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (unphased) *
dialog: Well have a look at what our friends
dialog: outside are doing and I'll be right
dialog: up.
scene_heading: 291 INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 291
text: Wincing in pain, McClane washes his foot in a sink basin. He
text: washes a deep cut, soaps it, but the pain doesn't relent.
text: When a VOICE speaks, he JUMPS, realizes it's the CB.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (on CB)
dialog: Roy? You still with us?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Yeah. But all things being equal,
dialog: I'd rather be in Philadelphia. By
text: the way, chalk up two more terrorists.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 292 POWELL - OUTSIDE 292
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: They boys'll be glad. We got a pool
dialog: going on you.
text: McClane tries to wrap paper towels on the foot but his grimace
dialog: shows that is still hurts like hell.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (through his teeth)
dialog: Yeah? What's the odds?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: You don't want to know.
text: Suddenly remembering an NYPD course in first aid from ten years
text: ago, McClane removes the improvised bandage, check the cut
dialog: more carefully.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (as he work)
dialog: Put me down for twenty anyway...I'm
dialog: good for it...so, what got you off the
dialog: street, Al? You liked lousy coffee,
dialog: or what?
text: Powell doesn't answer right away. At the same time, McClane
text: swallows, seeing a gleam inside his foot. He gingerly probes,
text: and pulls out a shard of glass almost three inches long from its
text: angled gash, his mouth twisted in a silent scream all the way.
speaker_heading: POWELL'S VOICE
dialog: I...realized I couldn't do what I
dialog: had to anymore...at least not out
dialog: there. I had an...accident.
text: McClane throws the glass across the room, forehead bathed in
dialog: sweat.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: They way you drive, I can see why.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (beat, serious)
dialog: I...I shot a kid.
text: Realizing what he's hearing for the first time, McClane's face
text: shifts to a new kind of pain.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (soft)
dialog: Eleven years ago. Oh, it was dark...
dialog: he was big for his age...damn ray gun
dialog: he had looked real enough...yeah, I had
dialog: all the right excuses...but afterwards...
dialog: I really couldn't draw my gun again.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I...I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make
dialog: a joke of it.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (offhand)
dialog: Hey, you couldn't know.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I still feel like shit.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Then this won't matter.
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: LAPD's not calling the shots anymore.
dialog: And as McClane REACTS we GO TO:
scene_heading: 293 INT. VAULT ROOM - NIGHT 293
text: Hans and Theo lean over a monitor watching a DWP truck near
dialog: the parking garage.
speaker_heading: THEO *
dialog: (tapping the screen)
dialog: There's the city engineers...they're
dialog: going into the street circuits...But
dialog: who are these guys in the suits?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: That's the FBI...ordering them to cut *
dialog: the building's power. They're as
dialog: regular as clockwork...or a time lock...
dialog: ON Theo's look:
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: ...the circuits that cannot be cut...
dialog: are cut automatically in reponse to
dialog: a terrorist incident...You ask for
dialog: miracles, Theo...I give you the FBI...
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: When you're hot, you're hot.
speaker_heading: CUT TO: *
scene_heading: 294 EXT. BUILDING 294
dialog: As we saw on Theo's screen, the Johnsons and Robinson and
dialog: Powell are my a MANHOLE with a CITY ENGINEER. A big CONTROL
text: BOX is there, cables snaking into the ground where another
text: CITY WORKER finishes WELDING a last connection.
speaker_heading: GUY IN MANHOLE
dialog: We're spliced in down the line.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JOHNSON
dialog: Do it...now.
text: The engineer THROWS GIANT LEVERS. Inside the manhole, SPARKS
text: SIZZLE and massive contacts CLUNK.
speaker_heading: 295 THE BUILDING 295
dialog: One by one, all the light on all the floors GO OUT.
speaker_heading: 296 MCCLANE 296
text: in the bathroom, ripping off his shirt and tying it around his
dialog: foot, he REACTS --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: Powell? What's going on?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 297 OUTSIDE 297
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (watching the others)
dialog: Ask the FBI. They've got the terrorist
dialog: playbook and they're running it, step
dialog: by step.
text: McClane reacts, worried; he knows better.
speaker_heading: 298 THE HOSTAGES 298
dialog: groan with this new problem:
speaker_heading: 299 THE VAULT ROOM 299
text: Theo and Kristoff and Hans huddle over the computer monitor
text: screen as if it was a warm fireplace. Theo points to the
dialog: computer screen; all they can do is wait.
text: We HEAR the HUMM of a portable generator. The lights go OFF.
text: The computer screen stays ON. Theo looks over at the safe.
speaker_heading: 300 SAFE LED READOUT 300
text: It still reads "FIBER OPTIC TIME LOCK CANNOT BE DISARMED AT
scene_heading: THIS LOCATION. TERMINATE SEQUENCE (Y/N)?"
speaker_heading: 301 BACK TO SCENE 301
speaker_heading: KRISTOFF
dialog: Damn! It didn't go!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: They're on the building circuit...
dialog: it's too local.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Encourage them to be bolder.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: The only thing left for them is the
dialog: City Grid...
dialog: (worried, typing)
dialog: ...They may not do it.
scene_heading: 302 EXT. BUILDING 302
dialog: Just as the Johnsons are looking SMUG...all the floors GO
dialog: BACK ON, one by one!
speaker_heading: LITTLE JOHNSON
dialog: Shit!
dialog: (turning, to the
dialog: Engineer)
dialog: Cut it again. Go wider.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: I can't go wider here...
dialog: (to Robinson, looking
dialog: for help)
dialog: ...I'd have to call downtown have
dialog: them take down one of the city
dialog: grids...you're talking ten square
dialog: block --
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: -- ten blocks?
dialog: (to Big Johnson)
dialog: Are you crazy? It's Christmas Eve,
dialog: thousands of people -- the Mayor'll
dialog: scream bloody murder --
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: (ignoring Robinson,
dialog: to the Engineer)
dialog: We must shut down the building. Go
dialog: wider --!
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: I need authorization --
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: Authorization? How about the
dialog: United States Fucking Government?
dialog: Lose the grid or lose your job!
text: The engineer looks at Robinson. No help. The engineer looks
text: at his guy in the manhole, shrugs. No choice.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: (takes phone)
dialog: Central. This is Walt, out at
dialog: Nakatomi. I want you to shut down
dialog: grid 212.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: No shit, it's my ass. Just shut it
dialog: down now.
dialog: Pause...pause...AND THEN THE FLOORS OF THE BUILDING ALL GO
speaker_heading: OUT AGAIN.
speaker_heading: 303 IN THE VAULT ROOM 303
text: EMERGENCY LIGHTING FLICKS ON. An ALARM "beep-beep-beeps."
text: 304 THE LED READOUT ON THE SAFE 304
text: changes to "FIBER OPTIC TIME LOCK DEACTIVATED AT SOURCE.
scene_heading: SEVENTH LOCK DISENGAGED."
speaker_heading: 305 BACK TO SCENE 305
text: With a dramatic HUM worthy of 2001, the vault door OPENS!
speaker_heading: 306 OUTSIDE 306
text: The FBI guys look at the dark building, than at the LAPD guys.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: That should shake'em up. With all
dialog: the power shut down, those bastards
dialog: are probably scared shitless.
speaker_heading: 307 IN THE VAULT ROOM 307
text: The safe door finishes its ponderous move, CLUNKS to a halt.
text: Theo and Kristoff LAUGH, give each other high fives. Even Hans
text: loses his usual cool, slaps Theo on the back as Theo and
speaker_heading: Kristoff CHEER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 308 THORNBURG'S TV TRUCK 308
dialog: drives along a residential street. We SEE the Nakatomi tower
text: in the b.g., spotlit by the police beams. Thornburg checks a
text: map, POINTS a turn out to the driver.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 309 OUTSIDE THE NAKATOMI BUILDING 309
text: Powell looks up at the dark structure lit only by emergency
text: lighting. He sidles over to the FBI men.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: What do we do now, arrest them for
dialog: not paying their electric bill?
speaker_heading: LITTLE JOHNSON
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: We let them sweat awhile. Then, when
dialog: they're expecting helicopters...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...We give them helicopters...
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Right up the ass.
dialog: (into another communicator)
dialog: This is Johnson...no the other one. I
dialog: want that air support ready to lift off
dialog: in five minutes...Damn right fully
dialog: armed. We're on our way.
dialog: (into CB)
text: Attention in the building.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: 310 VAULT ROOM 310
text: Hans talks while Theo and Kristoff tackle the problem of
text: unloading the racks and racks of bonds and transferring them
dialog: to the black cases.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: This is Hans...
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: This is Agent Johnson of the FBI.
dialog: The State Department has arranged for
dialog: the release of your comrades. The
dialog: helicopters you requested are on the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I hear you, FBI. We'll be ready.
text: He disconnects, smiles at Theo.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: When they touch down and we blow the
dialog: roof, they'll spend a month sifting
dialog: through the bodies and rubble. By the
dialog: time they figure out what went wrong...
dialog: (smiling at the
dialog: irony)
dialog: ...we'll be earning twenty percent
dialog: like nice fat Capitalists.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: (disconnecting, grinning)
dialog: By the time he figures out what hit him
text: he'll be in a body bag.
text: The Johnsons exit. Powell and Robinson look at each other,
dialog: unhappy. Powell's CB HISSES --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE'S VOICE
dialog: Powell, listen...
text: Powell moves off to be alone.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 311 INT. BATHROOM 311
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: I'm here, John.
text: McClane tries walking on his foot. He winces in pain, clearly
text: at the end of his resources.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Look...I'm getting a bad feeling up
dialog: here...I'd like you to do something
dialog: for me. Look up my wife...don't ask
dialog: how, you'll know by then...and tell
dialog: her...tell her...I've been a jerk.
dialog: When things panned out for her, I
dialog: should've been behind her all the way
dialog: ...We had something great going until
dialog: I screwed it up...She was the best
dialog: thing that ever happened to a bum
dialog: like me. She's heard me say I love
dialog: you a thousand times, but she never
dialog: got to hear this...honey...I'm sorry.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You get all that?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (clearly touched)
dialog: I got it. But you can tell her
dialog: yourself. Just watch your ass and
dialog: you'll make it.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I hope so. But that's up to the
dialog: guy upstairs.
dialog: (pause; struck by
dialog: a thought)
dialog: Upstairs...
dialog: (thinking, to himself)
dialog: ...Hans, you bastard...what were you
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Roy?
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Stand by, Powell. I gotta check
dialog: something out.
text: He moves towards the door, limping hurriedly out of the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 312 HOLLY'S FRONT DOOR 312
text: Thornburg's got one foot literally in the doorway, but since
dialog: Paulina still has the chain on, it's not quite enough.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: (to Paulina)
dialog: One minute, that's all we ask. You
dialog: could be denying them their last
dialog: chance to talk to their parents.
speaker_heading: PAULINA
dialog: I'm sorry...Mrs. Holly says I
dialog: couldn't let strangers into --
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: Strangers? I'm with KFLW TV, that's
dialog: affiliated with the FCC, and I'm sure
dialog: you know that's the United States
dialog: government...just like the INS?
dialog: As she wavers...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 313 THE MECHANICAL FLOOR 313
text: McClane hobbles in here, favoring his foot. He retraces his
text: steps earlier, mentally replaying his meeting with Hans.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I was here...he was...
dialog: 
text: His eyes flick over the area...then he looks up. Seeing
text: something, he moves closer. He sets down his CB and then, with
text: difficulty, he climbs up on a thick pipe, flicks his lighter
dialog: and hold its high.
speaker_heading: 314 HIS P.O.V. 314
dialog: Explosives are everywhere.
speaker_heading: 315 BACK TO SCENE 315
text: He reacts, quickly extinguishing the lighter. He follows the
text: detonator lines with his eyes.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Oh my God...
text: He drops to the floor, winces in pain, picks up his CB.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Powell! Powell, listen to me! You're
dialog: being double crossed! The whole roof
dialog: of this building is --
text: Suddenly a GUN BARREL is pressed against his head. He stiffens.
speaker_heading: 316 NEW ANGLE 316
text: Karl takes his Baretta, tosses it away. Then Karl takes the
text: CB. Smiling, Karl SMASHES the transmitter underfoot.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 317 EXT. BUILDING - POLICE LINES 317
text: Powell is beside one of the radio monitoring officers.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: Roy? Hello? Hello?
dialog: (to the officer)
dialog: I thought you had him.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: I did. He said something about a,
dialog: a double cross...
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: 318 NEW ANGLE 318
text: Showing two HELICOPTERS in the distance heading this way.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 319 MACHINE FLOOR 319
text: Karl hovers over McClane, who hasn't moved a muscle.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: We're both professionals. But this
dialog: is personal. You...are done.
text: WHAM! McClane DRIVES his elbow into Karl's face.
speaker_heading: 320 NEW ANGLE 320
text: Karl's weapon clatters on the floor. McClane follows his first
text: blow with another. Karl recovers, and with a spinning karate
dialog: kick SLAMS McClane back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 321 HOSTAGE FLOOR - NIGHT 321
text: Eddie turns from a window, where the chopper lights loom closer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: They're coming.
text: CAMERA PANS across the room to the doorway of the office, where
dialog: Hans nods, stands.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG'S VOICE FROM TV
dialog: -- I know you're proud of your daddy...
speaker_heading: 322 CLOSEUP - HOLLY 322
text: She's speechless, watching in shock as:
speaker_heading: 323 THE PORTABLE TV 323
text: shows Thornburg at Holly's house! He's squatting down with his
dialog: microphone to interview the children in their P.J.s. His voice
dialog: is soft, comforting.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: (to the children)
dialog: ...because he's a very brave policeman.
dialog: And your mom has shown just as much
dialog: courage. But is there something you
dialog: would like to say to them if they're
dialog: watching?
text: John Jr. says nothing, but Lucy looks at the camera.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Come home.
speaker_heading: 324 HOLLY 324
text: She struggles to stay composed...can't. She slowly turns her
text: head, looks at Hans.
speaker_heading: 325 HER P.O.V. - HANS 325
text: He's looking away from us, at the picture of the children on
text: her desk. He turns back and looks at her. He smiles.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Mrs. McClane. How nice to make your
dialog: acquaintance.
text: He raises his weapon...but he only shoot it into the ceiling,
dialog: making everyone jump!
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: On your feet, everyone! Upstairs,
dialog: now!
dialog: (quietly, to Uli)
dialog: You'll lock them up there and come
dialog: right down...
text: Uli nods and he and Eddie help herd everyone towards the stairs.
text: Hans moves forward...grabs Holly himself.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 326 THE MACHINE FLOOR 326
text: McClane and Karl move towards each other, each sizing the other
text: up, each looking over the terrain.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Better this way, isn't it? I mean,
dialog: any faggot can shoot a gun.
text: This time Karl doesn't take the bait. Then, when he
dialog: does charge, it's unexpected.
dialog: The two men fight brutally, Karl bringing years of martial
dialog: training to this moment, McClane bringing nothing but the street.
speaker_heading: 327 NEW ANGLE 327
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: You should've heard your brother
dialog: scream when I broke his fucking
dialog: neck...
text: Karl steps in quickly with a deadly move. McClane twists free,
text: slams an elbow into Karl's kidney. Karl backs off, circles
dialog: McClane with new respect.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 328 INSIDE AN FBI CHOPPER - IN FLIGHT 328
text: THROUGH THE CANOPY we SEE another flanking chopper. Johnson
dialog: and Johnson are here, helmets and mikes on. Big Johnson checks
text: aerial maps while Little Johnson checks ammo clips for his
text: sniper scoped assault rifle.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: (shouting, to the pilot)
dialog: Stay low. They're expecting transports,
dialog: not gunships.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JOHNSON
dialog: (shouting over the noise
dialog: of the rotors)
dialog: What do you figure on breakage?
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: I figure we take out all the terrorists,
dialog: and lose 20 percent of the hostages...
dialog: 25, tops.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JOHNSON
dialog: I can live with those numbers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 329 VAULT FLOOR 329
dialog: Theo and Kristoff load the bonds into the big cases which carried
text: all their gear when they entered. As Hans and Eddie come in they
dialog: look curiously at Holly.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: A little bonus for us.
dialog: (shoving her forward
dialog: violently)
dialog: A policeman's wife might come in
dialog: handy.
text: He picks up a CB, speaks into it.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: McClane! McClane! I have some news
dialog: for you...McClane?
speaker_heading: 330 THE MACHINE FLOOR 330
text: TILT UP from the CB radio Karl smashed.
text: Karl and McClane are in the b.g., almost toe to toe, all their
text: tricks played out, going at it with animal instinct.
speaker_heading: 331 THE VAULT ROOM 331
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: McClane?
dialog: (pause, then on a
dialog: new channel)
dialog: Karl? Karl?
text: Nothing. He looks at Theo.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Hurry.
speaker_heading: 332 THE ROOF 332
text: Uli herds the hostages up onto the roof, pushing the last few
dialog: out.
scene_heading: 333 LONG SHOT - FBI CHOPPERS - DOWN AVE. OF THE STARS 333
text: They float toward us, hugging the street, their prop wash
dialog: shaking the trees.
speaker_heading: 334 POWELL AND ROBINSON 334
text: Following them with their eyes, for once sharing the same opinion.
speaker_heading: 335 HOSTAGES ON THE ROOF 335
dialog: They see their very own Christmas decorations, the friendly
text: copter lights, and begin to smile and cheer. Uli smiles to
dialog: himself, moves towards the door:
speaker_heading: 336 VAULT ROOM 336
text: Theo closes the lid of a bond-stuffed case, carries it out of
text: the room. Holly's eyes follow his exit while the others continue.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (to Hans, scornfully)
dialog: After all your posturing, all your
dialog: speeches...you're nothing but a common
dialog: thief.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I'm an exceptional thief, Mrs. McClane.
dialog: And now that I'm moving up to kidnapping,
dialog: you should be more polite.
dialog: He SLAPS her.
speaker_heading: 337 MACHINE FLOOR 337
text: Karl drives McClane back with a sweeping head kick. Another one.
text: McClane is staggering. He gets in one hard punch and then Karl
text: charges at him. McClane falls backwards, drives his legs
text: upwards, propelling Karl into the air:
speaker_heading: 338 LOW ANGLE 338
text: Karl goes into a loop of chain hanging over a turbine, becomes
dialog: entangled.
speaker_heading: 339 MCCLANE 339
text: jumps to his feet, yanks the other end of the chain.
speaker_heading: 340 KARL 340
text: is JERKED upwards by the neck. He TWITCHES like a captured
dialog: fish -- starts to turn blue:
speaker_heading: 341 MCCLANE 341
text: Twists the chain end around a pipe as Karl STILLS. McClane
text: snatches up his Baretta from the floor, runs out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 342 CHOPPERS - IN THE AIR 342
dialog: We can SEE the tailing 'chopper through the open port of this
text: one. Big Johnson leans over, slaps the shoulder of his pilot.
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: Just like Saigon, eh, Wally?
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: My kind of town.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 343 THE ROOF 343
text: The door rattles. His back to the CAMERA, Uli goes to the door,
text: OPENS it -- and TWO BULLETS COME OUT HIS BACK. Smoking Baretta
text: in hand, McClane vaults over the body before it has even stopped
text: twitching. As the hostages SQUEAL and SCREAM, McClane snatches
text: up Uli's machine gun, runs out onto the roof. He charges
text: through the crowd, spots Ginny near the edge of the roof. She
text: meets him halfway.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Where's Holly --
speaker_heading: GINNY
dialog: The took her -- after they saw the
dialog: kids on television --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: What? God --
text: He looks off to the choppers. Closer yet. He turns, SHOUTS.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Listen to me! All of you, get down
dialog: to the lower floors -- you're all
dialog: in danger.
speaker_heading: HOSTAGE
dialog: What are you, crazy? We're being
dialog: rescued! Those helicopters --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: -- there won't be shit for those helicopters
dialog: to land on, because the whole top of this
dialog: building is wired with explosives! Now
dialog: get below --
speaker_heading: SECOND HOSTAGE
dialog: But...we're safe up here --
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Safe, my ass! This ain't a helipad,
dialog: it's a launching pad!
text: And he FIRES over their heads! They SCREAM, head for the door
text: as he hoped! He FIRES again, raking a line across the roof.
dialog: They really haul ass.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: GET BELOW! NOW!
scene_heading: 344 IN THE WING CHOPPER - MID-AIR 344
text: A YOUNG FBI AGENT is here with a rifle and a partner.
speaker_heading: YOUNG FBI
dialog: (into throat mike, looking
dialog: out the door)
dialog: Flight leader, this is Wing. I think
dialog: they're on to us. One of the terrorists
text: is firing on the hostages.
scene_heading: 345 INSIDE THE OTHER CHOPPER 345
speaker_heading: LITTLE JOHNSON
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Roger, Wing. We copy.
dialog: (to the pilot)
dialog: Swing around.
dialog: (raising his rifle)
dialog: Give me a clear shot.
dialog: The pilot nods.
scene_heading: 346 INT. VAULT ROOM 346
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (supervising the work)
dialog: Schnell, schnell...der zeitz ist kurz...
text: Something catches his eye. He turns, looks at:
scene_heading: 347 VIEW THROUGH WINDOW -- HIS P.O.V. 347
text: Through the glass here he can catch a glimpse of the hostages
dialog: coming back into the room!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 348 THE ROOF 348
text: McClane herds the last of the hostages inside, starts for the
text: door himself, when with a ROAR and a CHATTER of rotors, the
text: lead chopper zooms overhead! McClane throws himself down on the
text: ground, looks up as the chopper banks in a tight turn and then
text: from the open side GUNFIRE erupts! Shocked, McClane DIVES out
text: of the way of the bullets that stitch across the door.
scene_heading: 349 HOSTAGES - ON LOWER FLOORS (OR IN STAIRWELL) 349
text: descending, SCREAMING and HOWLING as a chopper SWEEPS past a
text: window on a loop back towards the roof.
speaker_heading: 350 IN THE CHOPPER 350
speaker_heading: Both Johnsons FIRE AWAY
speaker_heading: BIG JOHNSON
dialog: Bank and we'll nail him!
speaker_heading: 351 THE VAULT ROOM 351
text: Hans whirls towards Kristoff.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Blow the roof. Now!
speaker_heading: KRISTOFF
dialog: But Karl and Uli are up there --
text: CAMERA ADJUSTS to show the remote detonator on a table. Hans
dialog: goes to it.
speaker_heading: 352 THE ROOF 352
text: McClane DIVES away from another burst.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: You assholes, I'm on your side -- !
text: They come in on another pass. Desperate, he looks around, see
text: a fire hose. Makes up his mind. With the chopper LOOMING UP
text: behind him, he slings Uli's weapon, runs to the fire hose,
text: unreels three yards, loops it around his back and under his legs.
text: He looks over the edge, hesitates:
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Fuck this...
dialog: 
text: Bullets HIT all around him. He JUMPS:
speaker_heading: 353 THE VAULT ROOM 353
text: Hans extends the antenna...HITS the button.
scene_heading: 354 LONG SHOT - THE ROOF 354
text: The helipad EXPLODES! A FIREBALL rolls into the sky.
speaker_heading: 355 THE HOSTAGES 355
text: lose their footing on the floor. Dust and debris fall down,
dialog: but they're okay.
scene_heading: 356 JOHNSON AND JOHNSON'S CHOPPER 356
dialog: STRAINS to avoid the rising fireball...can't! It's CAUGHT in
text: the explosion! It tips over, a rotor hits the roof -- it
text: CRASHES, EXPLODES, tumbles down the side of the building!
speaker_heading: 357 MCCLANE 357
text: Dangling against the side of the building, he DUCKS and winces
text: as FLAMING DEBRIS soar past him.
scene_heading: 358 THE ROOF - HOSE WHEEL DEVICE 358
text: Flame ROARS TOWARDS it, engulfs it. It JERKS on its foundation
dialog: PIVOTS 180 degrees as several bolts slip:
speaker_heading: 359 MCCLANE 359
text: DROPS several more feet. He swallows, then KICKS against the
text: side of the building, his bloody feet leaving smears. The
text: shatterproof glass doesn't budge! Wincing as more FLAMING DEBRIS
text: sizzles by, McClane levels the machine gun, KICKS off from the
text: building, SWINGS back ten feet -- reaches the zenith of his
dialog: arc -- FIRES the gun and sails back in:
dialog: 360 INSIDE THE BUILDING 360
text: McClane SMASHES through the shattered glass, SAILS inside, rolls
text: onto the floor, PLOWING through furniture and decor. Finally
text: he STOPS, catches his breath with relief...rises to one knee:
speaker_heading: 361 UP ON THE ROOF 361
text: The fire hose mounting is BLASTED off the roof, SAILS past the
speaker_heading: CAMERA:
scene_heading: 362 OUTSIDE THE BUILDING 362
text: The hose mechanism tumbles downward!
speaker_heading: 363 INSIDE 363
text: McClane is YANKED off his feet, dragged towards the window!
scene_heading: 364 THE HOSE WHEEL - OUTSIDE 364
text: It SLIDES down the side of the building! The hose PLAYS OUT
text: on the edge of the windowsill, dragging McClane towards his death!
speaker_heading: 365 MCCLANE 365
text: CLAWS at the floor...no help. Inches from the shattered window,
text: he braces his legs against the sill, groans as he fights the
text: weight of the hose and the reel. One foot SLIPS. Only his
text: already wounded foot keeps him indoors.
text: He scrambles to untie his improvised rappeling rig -- gets free
text: just before the hose nozzle CRASHES out and into the great beyond!
text: Winded, strength ebbing, he staggers to his feet -- just in time
dialog: for:
speaker_heading: 366 THE ROOF 366
text: to RECOIL from another staggering explosion!
speaker_heading: 367 THE HOSTAGES 367
dialog: They scream, cry out:
speaker_heading: 368 IN THE VAULT ROOM 368
text: As Holly covers her head from falling plaster, the men work
text: like automatons, piling up the bonds.
speaker_heading: 369 MCCLANE 369
text: recovers from another AFTERSHOCK, runs up the steps -- is
text: momentarily amazed to HEAR a "ding" from the elevator -- he looks
dialog: at:
speaker_heading: 370 THE SHAFT 370
text: where suddenly the WALL EXPLODES OUTWARD as an ENTIRE ELEVATOR
text: CRASHES THROUGH THE WALL, swinging on its cable like a
dialog: demolition ball on a crane!
speaker_heading: 371 BACK TO SCENE 371
text: McClane runs up the steps as brickwork flies past his head like
dialog: schrapnel:
speaker_heading: 372 THE ELEVATOR 372
text: reaches the apex of its swing, drops down in an arcing turn:
speaker_heading: 373 WIDE SHOT 373
text: the elevator CRASHES into the stairs! The section McClane in
text: on SNAPS LOOSE! At the last minute McClane LEAPS towards:
speaker_heading: 374 THE VAULT FLOOR BALCONY 374
text: and catches it as stairs and elevator CRUMBLE behind and beneath
text: him! With his last effort, he hauls himself onto the balcony
dialog: and them moves off!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 375 EXT. BUILDING 375
text: The police are scrambling for cover. Powell and Robinson are
text: open-mouthed.
speaker_heading: 376 IN THE BASEMENT 376
text: Argyle is huddled down on the floor of the back seat, the stuffed
text: animal held over his head as much for company as protection.
text: As the building ceases to ROCK Argyle sneaks a peek out from
dialog: under the fur...and sees:
speaker_heading: 377 HIS P.O.V. - THEO 377
text: at the delivery truck. He steps into a white paramedic's
text: jumpsuit and zips it up. He hops into the cab and pulls the
text: truck away from the loading dock.
scene_heading: 378 MCCLANE - ON THE VAULT FLOOR 378
text: He creeps forward, looks carefully into:
speaker_heading: 379 HIS P.O.V. - VAULT ROOM 379
text: They're getting ready to leave with the bearer bonds. Suddenly
text: the CAMERA FOCUS CHANGES TO HOLLY.
speaker_heading: 380 BACK TO SCENE 380
text: McClane's face shows his anguish. He checks the weapon he took
dialog: from Uli. One bullet!
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Shit...
text: He checks his Baretta. One bullet. He thinks, desperate.
text: Decides. He takes the bullet from the rifle clip, adds it to
text: the Baretta clip. He slams the pistol clip back, really worried.
text: Mind racing, he looks all around the room...his eyes fall on a
text: tape dispenser. He thinks again...steps towards it:
scene_heading: 380-A IN THE BASEMENT 380-A
text: Theo has pulled two ramps out from the truck and slips into
text: the back. A car engine fires up inside the delivery truck.
speaker_heading: 381 ARGYLE 381
text: Realization dawning, he vaults into the front seat.
speaker_heading: 382 THE GARAGE 382
text: A paramedic van shoots out of the back of the Pacific Courier
text: delivery truck. Flooring the limo, Argyle CRASHES into
text: the van, which CAREENS into the wall.
speaker_heading: 383 CLOSER 383
text: Theo staggers out in time for Argyle to deck him with one punch.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Where's the camera when you need them?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 384 THE VAULT ROOM 384
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Let's move.
text: The last of the money is piled on. Hans hangs onto Holly while
text: Eddie pushes the mail carts of moneybags. Kristoff goes to the
text: door to scope their escape...suddenly he is COLD COCKED by a
dialog: rifle butt.
speaker_heading: 385 WIDER 385
text: McClane steps into view in the doorway, backlit by sparks still
text: tumbling down from the roof above. He holds the machine gun
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Hans!
text: Hans turns, not that surprised. Grinning, he yanks Holly into
dialog: view. No words need be said.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: John!
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Holly, we have to stop meeting like
dialog: this.
dialog: (taking in the vault)
dialog: So that's what it was. A fucking
dialog: robbery.
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: So why nuke the building, Hans?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (with a shrug)
dialog: When you steal six hundred dollars,
dialog: you can disappear...but when you
dialog: steal six hundred million, they will
dialog: find you...unless you play dead.
dialog: (tight smile)
dialog: Which happens to be your next role...
dialog: drop your gun, please.
text: McClane hesitates...Hans pushes the gun against Holly again,
text: really hurting her. Eddie quickly raises his weapon.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (to Eddie)
dialog: Nein, dies ein ist mein.
dialog: (to McClane)
dialog: This time John Wayne does not walk
text: off into the sunset with Grace Kelly.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: That was Gary Cooper, shithead...
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: No more jokes, drop it or she gets it
dialog: between the eyes!
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (slowly putting down
dialog: his gun)
dialog: Whoa, Hans, now you're the cowboy?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: 'Yippe-ki-yea, mother fucker'? Now
dialog: you are fucked.
dialog: He aims:
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: Holly, now...!
text: Instantly, Holly sidesteps, JABS her elbow into Hans' face!
scene_heading: 386 MCCLANE - OVER SHOULDER SHOT 386
text: At the same moment Holly moves, McClane grabs his Baretta
text: from its hiding place TAPED TO THE BACK OF HIS NECK, SHOOTS
dialog: Hans high in the chest!
text: The bullet passes right THROUGH Hans, and the WINDOW behind
text: him SPLATTERS with blood and SHATTERS. Even while this is
dialog: happening, McClane SPINS:
scene_heading: 387 EDDIE - THROUGH MCCLANE'S WIDESPREAD LEGS 387
text: Eddie takes a gunshot, DROPS just like on Gunsmoke.
speaker_heading: 388 BACK TO SCENE 388
text: Hans drops his weapon, staggers, looks down at his own blood
dialog: in shock.
speaker_heading: 389 MCCLANE 389
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: You were right about us Americans.
dialog: (he blows smoke
dialog: from his pistol
dialog: barrel)
dialog: We are cowboys.
speaker_heading: 390 VAULT ROOM - WIDER 390
text: Incredibly, Hans still stands, eyes filled with shock and
text: disbelief. He REELS, falls against the windowsill, starts to
dialog: TOPPLE -- and then he GRITS his teeth and from some inward
dialog: place finds a last reserve of strength and he GRABS:
speaker_heading: 391 HOLLY'S WRIST 391
dialog: and she is YANKED off her feet!
speaker_heading: 392 BACK TO SCENE 392
text: Hans goes out the window, pulling Holly with him! McClane
text: LEAPS forward, catches her inside arm near the elbow at the
dialog: last minute!
scene_heading: 393 EXT. BUILDING - LONG SHOT 393
text: The roof still in flames, McClane hangs halfway out of the
text: window, jagged glass raking his face, straining to hold onto
text: Holly as Hans drags her out!
text: McClane braces himself against the window frame and strains to
text: pull Holly closer. With a MOAN, she catches the windowsill with
text: her inside hand. McClane STRETCHES with his other hand, begins
text: to INCH towards Holly's wristband.
speaker_heading: 394 HANS' HAND - WIDEN 394
dialog: A death grip on the watchband. We WIDEN, SEE that, blood
text: flecked teeth GRITTING, he is STRAINING with his other hand
dialog: to bring up the gun he is still holding!
speaker_heading: 395 MCCLANE 395
text: Holly's SCREAM alerts him. Hans locks eyes with McClane one
dialog: last time, starts to pull the trigger, as:
speaker_heading: 396 VERY CLOSE 396
dialog: McClane RELEASES the latch on the watchband! The overtaxed
dialog: metal SNAPS, links flying:
speaker_heading: 397 WIDER 397
text: Hans' face registers his horror as he and most of the watch
dialog: suddenly drop.
text: We LISTEN to his scream all the way down, finally HEAR him HIT.
text: McClane pulls Holly back into the room and holds her.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: It's okay, babe. It's okay.
text: He looks down at Hans' body, then back at the scrap of wristband
text: he's still holding.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: You got a warranty on this?
text: She laughs through her tears, holds onto him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 398 EXT. BUILDING - DAWN 398
text: Smoke drifts up from what has suddenly become the top floor.
text: Thornburg's remote truck careens into the parking lot.
speaker_heading: 399 CLOSER 399
text: A crowd watches as the front doors of the building open. We
text: SEE McClane, who holds up Holly and in turn is supported by
text: SWAT men. As REPORTERS start shouting questions, McClane
text: breaks free of his entourage, and, holding Holly, pushes into
dialog: the crowd.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Al? Al, you here -- ?
text: The crowd eddys and surges...suddenly Powell is there, and
text: McClane knows it's him. They stare at each other, ten feet
text: apart, and then they're grinning, extending their hands. But
text: somehow a shake isn't enough, and they're embracing each other
dialog: like men who've lived through combat together...which, in fact,
dialog: is the truth.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: Al. Man, you were my rock. I
dialog: couldn't have made it without you.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: MCCLANE
dialog: I'm serious. Hey, this is my wife...
dialog: Holly Gennero.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (taking Powell's hand,
dialog: correcting)
dialog: Holly McClane.
text: Hearing this, McClane grins, pulls her close. *
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (to her)
dialog: A pleasure. I guess John doesn't
dialog: need me to give you that message
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Message?
text: McClane begins to make silent "ixney" gestures in Powell's
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: You know, about him being such a
dialog: jerk -- and how he's really sor --
dialog: (seeing McClane)
dialog: -- ee...Uh, I'm sure he'll fill
dialog: you in.
text: Just then Robinson barges forward.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: I want you for debrief, McClane.
dialog: You've got some things to answer
dialog: for -- Ellis' murder -- property
dialog: damage -- interfering with police *
dialog: business --
text: A SCREAM causes McClane to turn.
speaker_heading: 400 HIS P.O.V. 400
text: There in the doorway is Karl, clothing and body scorched.
text: Easily as crusted in dirt and blood as McClane, he holds his
dialog: machine gun.
scene_heading: 401 EXT. BUILDING 401
text: As the crowd panics trying to escape, Karl locks eyes with
text: McClane and levels his gun. McClane throws Holly to the
text: ground and grabs the dumbstruck Robinson's sidearm.
text: But he doesn't get off a shot -- a lone gunshot stops Karl --
text: knocking him back through the doorway. McClane looks back to
text: see Powell still sighting down the barrel of his .38.
text: His hand is rock steady. He sees McClane's look.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: You were right. You couldn't have
dialog: made it without me.
text: They smile. Suddenly McClane and Holly squint as LIGHTS pan
text: onto them. Thornburg pushes his way forward, mike extended
dialog: like a weapon.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: Mr. McClane...Mrs. McClane...any
dialog: comment on your incredible ordeal?
dialog: What are your feelings now that it's
dialog: all over?
text: Without a beat, Holly PUNCHES HIM in the chops. He FALLS,
text: dropping the mike with an electronic SQUEAL. McClane looks at
text: his wife, amazed. Behind them, Thornburg sits on the ground, *
text: nurses his lip, turns to his camerman.
speaker_heading: THORNBURG
dialog: (eager) *
dialog: Did you get that?
dialog: McClane and Holly continue on, turn towards: *
speaker_heading: 402 ARGYLE'S LIMO 402
text: It's a little smashed up, but still running. Argyle is
text: standing beside the open door. McClane and Holly get in and
text: Argyle closes the door.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: (getting in the
dialog: front)
dialog: If this is their idea of Christmas
dialog: I gotta be there for New Year's.
text: CAMERA ADJUSTS TO SHOW the read window where McClane and
dialog: Holly are kissing. As they drive off, we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
speaker_heading: Twentieth Century Fox SCRIPT DEPARTMENT
dialog: 10201 W. Pico Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90035
dialog: Telephone: (213) 203-2494
dialog: 
