speaker_heading: DISOBEDIENCE
dialog: Written by
dialog: Sebastian Lelio
dialog: Rebecca Lenkiewicz
dialog: Based on the novel by
dialog: Naomi Alderman.
scene_heading: INT. HENDON SYNAGOGUE. DAY
dialog: An Orthodox Jewish synagogue in North
text: with PEOPLE. The Torah is in the arch.
text: Everybody holds their breath as their
text: old and frail RAV KRUSHKA (70s) steps
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: West London is bursting
text: The doors are closed.
dialog: spiritual leader, the
text: up to the podium,
text: helped by a younger Rabbi, DOVID KUPERMAN, tall,
dialog: attractive, (40s).
speaker_heading: RAV KRUSHKA
dialog: In the beginning, Hashem made three
dialog: types of creatures: the angels, the
text: beasts and the human beings.
text: His face lights up speaking about the
dialog: Torah.
speaker_heading: RAV KRUSHKA (CONT’D)
dialog: The angels, He created from His
dialog: pure word. The angels have no will
dialog: to do evil, they cannot deviate for
dialog: one moment from His purpose...
text: The crowd hangs on his every word.
speaker_heading: RAV KRUSHKA (CONT’D)
dialog: The beasts have only their instinct
dialog: to guide them. They too follow the
dialog: commands of their Maker...
dialog: The
dialog: Torah states that Hashem spent
dialog: almost six whole days of creation
dialog: fashioning these creatures.
dialog: Then
dialog: just before sunset, He took a small
dialog: quantity of earth and from it He
text: fashioned man-and-woman.
dialog: An afterthought? Or His crowning
dialog: achievement?
text: The Rav looks weak, but wants to carry on.
speaker_heading: RAV KRUSHKA (CONT’D)
dialog: So, what is this thing, man? Woman?
dialog: It is a being with the power to
text: disobey. Alone among all the
dialog: creatures we have free will.
text: His strength is failing him. He’s unable to speak for a few
text: moments. He tries again, more urgently.
speaker_heading: RAV KRUSHKA (CONT’D)
dialog: We hang suspended between two
dialog: certainties: the clarity of the
dialog: angels and the desires of the
dialog: beasts.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: RAV KRUSHKA (CONT’D)
dialog: Hashem gave us Choice which is both
dialog: a privilege and a burden: we must
dialog: then Choose the tangled life we
dialog: live.
dialog: 1A.
dialog: 2.
text: The Rav closes his eyes for a moment. When he opens them, he
text: stares at the crowd, blankly. He can’t continue.
text: Dovid takes the Rav’s arm and starts leading him back to his
text: seat. The Rav stops, mumbles something in Yiddish about not
dialog: being able to see very clearly...
text: And collapses.
text: An instant of stunned silence, then several MEN rush over to
dialog: the body.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE. FUNERAL RITES MONTAGE. DAY 2
text: A HAND rips the right lapel of a coat. This is Dovid, who
text: watches the funeral ritual of the Rav.
text: The CHEVRA KADISHA --almost silhouettes-- clean the Rav's
text: nails with small wooden sticks.
text: They purify the body by pouring three lots of water
dialog: continuously.
text: They put clay upon his eyes and mouth.
text: They cover the Rav's head and clothe him.
text: The Chevra Kadisha surround the Rav's body and ask his
dialog: forgiveness.
text: They put the body into a coffin and nail the lid down with
text: two wooden sticks.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY. DAY 3
text: The burial. Chants and prayers are uttered as the coffin is
text: cast into a hole. CRACK.
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN APARTMENT. NIGHT 4
text: RONIT KRUSHKA (40) dances softly, enjoying herself, at an
text: intimate gathering in a trendy downtown apartment. She is a
text: beautiful woman, made irresistible by the abandon with which
dialog: she dances.
text: Ronit holds her hand out to someone. A GIRL joins her on the
dialog: floor.
text: They dance moving closer, until their foreheads touch. A MAN
text: (30s) now comes over and dances with them both.
scene_heading: INT. THE NEW YORK SUBWAY. DAWN. 5
text: Ronit sits on one side of the carriage, alone. The train
text: speeds through the city which is blurred lights and shapes
text: through the window.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN MANHATTAN. DAWN. 6
text: Ronit walks towards her apartment. She smokes her last
text: cigarette of the night, throws the butt towards the road,
text: reaches for her keys and goes to the front door of a large
dialog: warehouse type building.
scene_heading: INT. RONIT’S APARTMENT LIVING ROOM/BEDROOM. MANHATTAN. DAWN.7
text: Ronit is in a t-shirt and pyjama bottoms. She walks from the
text: living room to her bedroom. The living room is sparse, basic
dialog: and functional. There is no element of family. There are
text: stacks of large art books and some photographic equipment,
text: piles of photo contact sheets on the floor. Ronit walks into
text: the bedroom and perches on the couch next to a large window.
text: She looks at the vast cityscape whilst taking out her ear-
text: rings and undoing her necklace; placing them on the window
text: sill. The view is of buildings, a vast and lonely city. Ronit
text: gets into bed. She drinks some water and puts in a gumshield
text: to stop her grinding her teeth. She lies down and tries to
text: sleep. The water pipes start to make a noise.
scene_heading: INT. A PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO. MANHATTAN. DAY. 8
text: Ronit takes pictures of an OLD MAN, 70s, from various angles.
text: He wears jeans, he’s shirtless and is completely tattooed. He
text: seems relaxed and looks at Ronit. He looks iconic and is
text: friendly. CLAUDIA, African-American, stylish, confident, 30s,
text: stands at the side of a white backdrop. On chairs at the side
text: there are various OLDER TATTOOED PEOPLE. They drink coffee
dialog: and watch.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Are you getting what you need?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Yes. This is great. Thank you. Are
dialog: you okay?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I’'ll need a smoke in a bit.
speaker_heading: RONIT
text: Just five more minutes.
text: The TATTOOED MAN nods. A knock on the door a level above.
text: Claudia goes up the spiral stairs. Ronit looks around but
text: keeps taking pictures. Claudia comes back down to Ronit,
dialog: serious.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Ronnie.. You need to speak to this
dialog: man.
text: Ronit is about to protest but sees Claudia’s expression.
text: Ronit goes up the staircase and looks to the door. She sees
text: the silhouette of an older man, an ORTHODOX JEW. He wears a
text: hat and a long black coat. Ronit puts her camera down and
text: approaches him. She hesitates now, he is framed by the door,
text: almost a silhouette of another time. She walks towards him,
text: suddenly quietly terrified.
scene_heading: INT. A PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO. MANHATTAN. DAY. 9
text: Ronit takes more photos of the Old Man. But now Ronit’s hands
text: are shaking, she is in quiet shock, distracted, but trying to
text: carry on. The Old Man takes out a battered old silver
text: cigarette case from his back pocket.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Are you okay? Do you want to stop?
text: Ronit stares, nods.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No, I’m fine.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: «. Okay..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Actually... Can I have a cigarette?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Sure. I’1l have one with you.
text: The Old Man offers her a cigarette from his case. Ronit takes
text: it with a shaking hand.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Thanks.
text: She heads towards a door to a balcony. The Old Man follows
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Do you want a coffee or something?
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: (
speaker_heading: GENTLE)
dialog: 4a.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: EXT. PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO. A BALCONY. MANHATTAN. DAY. 10
text: The Old Man gets out his zippo and lights the cigarette for a
text: clearly shaken Ronit. It’s a long way down and it is noisy
dialog: and industrial below.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You take it easy.. I’ve been there.
text: Ronit nods, she doesn’t want to speak for fear of breaking
text: down. The OLD MAN puts his hand on her shoulder for a moment.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: .-You’ll be okay. The world stops
text: for a bit. Then it starts turning
dialog: again.
text: Ronit breathes and smokes, looks down at the people who are
text: like ants beneath her.
scene_heading: INT. A CAB. MANHATTAN. DAY. 11
text: Ronit and Claudia sit in the back of a cab. Ronit is in quiet
text: shock. They have a lot of equipment with them. Boxes and
dialog: lights.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I’m not going to London.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Okay.. You do what you need to do
dialog: Ronnie. Are you sure though?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Can I do anything?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No.. I’m going to walk..
text: Claudia nods, leans forward to the cab driver.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA ( TO THE DRIVER)
dialog: Could you pull over please?
speaker_heading: RONIT ( TO HERSELF)
dialog: .-I kept meaning to send pipe
dialog: tobacco... And I didn’t.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
text: Claudia puts her hand on Ronit’s arm.
speaker_heading: RONIT (TO CLAUDIA) (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you take this back?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Of course...
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Thanks. Thanks Claudia.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET. DAY. 12
text: Ronit closes the cab door and walks away from the traffic.
text: She is shaken, trying to grasp reality.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK BAR. DAY. 13
text: Ronit sits in a trendy but almost empty bar and drinks a
text: glass of wine, her bottle is almost empty. STEVEN, 40s, taps
text: away at a lap top, busy. He is attractive, intelligent
text: looking and slightly craggy. He looks over at Ronit. She
text: looks straight back at him. He smiles at her.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Hi.
text: Ronit half smiles but doesn’t reply, she can’t do small talk.
text: He looks back to his computer but then looks at her again and
text: Ronit looks back at him.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m Steven.
text: Ronit nods, then looks back to her drink.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK BAR. A BATHROOM. DAY. 14
text: Ronit and Steven, clothed, are in a cubicle, having quiet
text: sex. Ronit is trying to distract herself from the pain she is
text: feeling; she feels primal, from her grief comes a need for
dialog: sex.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET. DAY. 15
text: Ronit walks, she needs to just walk and walk, very alert but
dialog: lost .
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
scene_heading: INT. ICE SKATING RINK. NEW YORK. NIGHT. 16
text: There are a few PEOPLE, MUSIC over the speakers. Ronit starts
text: to skate around the rink. With every lap she goes faster,
text: more frantically. She falls down and gets back up. She tries
text: harder, hoping to cast out her anxiety. She skates faster and
text: faster, but again falls hard on the ice. Finally, she gives
dialog: up.
scene_heading: INT. ICE SKATING RINK. DRESSING ROOM. NEW YORK. NIGHT. 17
text: Still panting, Ronit takes off her skates. She has no choice
text: but to accept it -- she stands up and tries to rip the right
dialog: side of her collar. The seams won’t give, Ronit gets
text: frustrated. Finally, she uses her teeth and hands.. then RIPS.
scene_heading: INT. AN AEROPLANE. DAWN. 18
text: Ronit is bundled up on a seat with her jumper behind her
text: neck. She half wakes with the golden light that comes through
text: the window. She takes in the beauty of it, the pink and gold
text: clouds, then closes her eyes again.
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW AIRPORT ARRIVALS. LONDON. DAY. 19
text: Various CABBIES and PEOPLE stand with signs with names of
text: different people. Ronit looks at the signs and walks past, no
text: one is expecting her.
scene_heading: I/E. TAXI/ NORTH CIRCULAR. DAY. 20
text: Ronit is in the back of a taxi, exhausted and nervous. The
text: roofs of London houses hurtle past as they are on an elevated
dialog: road.
scene_heading: I/E. TAXI/ HENDON HIGH STREET. DAY. 21
text: Ronit looks out at suburbia; there are shops with occasional
dialog: Hebrew letters, PEOPLE in Orthodox Jewish outfits... large
dialog: families.
dialog: 22
scene_heading: EXT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. HENDON. DAY. 22
text: The taxi drops Ronit off on a street of small houses.
text: Ronit is about to cross the road but a door opens to the
text: house opposite and a SMALL GROUP of Orthodox Jews come out.
text: Ronit wears a shirt that shows her cleavage. As she looks at
text: the group she automatically does up the buttons to the neck.
text: Ronit waits for them to leave, half-hidden behind a tree.
text: Then she crosses over with her large wheelie suitcase. The
text: wheels sound loud in the silence. The door is open.
text: Ronit waits and looks at the open door. A TEENAGE GIRL comes
text: out and sees Ronit and walks back inside. Dovid Kuperman
text: appears now. He’s tall, a handsome face but slightly worn,
text: unshaven, tired, and his lapel is torn. He is shocked to see
text: Ronit there, with her bags.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Ronit....
text: It’s all awkward. He nods, sighs.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Ronit..
text: Ronit smiles, unsure.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Hello Dovid.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: We weren’t expecting you.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No..
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: +. May you live a long life.
text: Ronit looks at him, hurt, imploring. She moves forward to hug
text: him but he draw back. He cannot touch her, these are the
text: rules. Ronit sees this, remembering.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you come straight from the
dialog: airport?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: .-Yeah.. I’1l go to a hotel.
text: Dovid nods.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: ..-People are here.. To honour the
dialog: Rav..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Right..
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Ronit nods, tries to be strong.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: How did he die?
speaker_heading: DOVID
text: Pneumonia finally.
text: Ronit’s bag falls over, uneven weight. Dovid picks it up for
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you face everyone?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Yeah..
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: «+. It’s good to see you Ronit.
text: Ronit is grateful for his warmth, smiles at Dovid.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Is it?
text: Dovid opens the door wider, he takes her bag in. Ronit takes
text: a deep breath, ready to face people. Dovid beckons her in.
dialog: 23
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. DAY. 23
text: The room has a dozen PEOPLE. A RITUAL CANDLE burns on a side
text: table, the mirror on the wall is covered, there’s a table
dialog: with food.
text: Ronit follows Dovid, uncomfortable to find that her presence
text: doesn’t go unnoticed. A MAN nods at her, gravely, a few WOMEN
text: turn to look at her openly and murmur, but no one speaks to
dialog: her.
text: Ronit looks around the room, gets more stares.. She goes over
text: to the table and looks at the food instead -- the dishes and
text: the way they’re served: it takes her back. The young WIVES
text: obviously admire DOVID as a young and handsome leader. FRUMA
text: HARTOG ( 60s) walks in, she is in her thick coat and sees
dialog: Ronit.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Fruma..
text: Fruma puts her arms out and goes quickly to Ronit and hugs
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: Moshe.. Look! Look... Ronit? It’s
dialog: really you.. Ronit is here... Of
dialog: course you’re here. Moshe!
text: MOSHE HARTOG, 60s, walks over to them, imposing, large coat.
text: He stares at Ronit.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Uncle Hartog. How are you?
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Ronit.... How are you?
text: Ronit shrugs, stuck for words. Hartog and Ronit evidently
text: have a troubled history but Hartog puts his hands above
text: Ronit’s shoulders, indicating his awkward sympathy but not
text: touching her. Hartog wants to cry about his brother-in-law
dialog: the Rav.
speaker_heading: HARTOG (CONT'D)
dialog: May you live a long life.
text: Hartog is tapped on the shoulder by an OLD MAN and, relieved,
text: he turns to talk to him.
speaker_heading: 23A
dialog: 11.
text: FRUMA indicates that she’1ll hang up her coat and walks
text: towards the hall. HINDA (40) waves over, fascinated at Ronit,
text: who nods. HINDA touches her heart and indicates tears down
text: her own cheek, the gesture annoys Ronit. Dovid approaches and
text: Hinda smiles a huge smile at him which Ronit registers.
text: Hinda’s FEMALE FRIEND also gives Dovid a huge smile, they
text: look at Dovid and Ronit, intrigued, then away as Ronit stares
text: back at them.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Can I get a coffee?
text: Dovid nods.... He starts towards the kitchen through the
text: dining room. Ronit follows.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DINING ROOM. DAY. 23A
text: There are a few PEOPLE in this room, talking, eating. Ronit
text: is about to follow Dovid into the kitchen but now she sees
text: ESTI KUPERMAN (30s), dressed like a perfect Orthodox wife:
text: wig, headscarf, high neck, long sleeves, a skirt to her feet...
text: in spite of which her beauty and sensuality radiate.
text: Esti looks over at Ronit-- her slacks, designer coat, haircut
dialog: and makeup... It’s like they come from different eras. Ronit
text: and Esti signal hello with a nod. They look at each other
text: almost antagonistically for a moment. Fruma approaches Ronit.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: Ronit.. It’s so good that you came.
dialog: When will you go back? Will you
dialog: stay for the Hesped?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: ..-How have you been Fruma?
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: Oh you know Ronit..My eyes. My
dialog: back..But I don’t complain. And the
dialog: Rav, Ronit.. We are bereft. But you
dialog: know Dovid may take over at the
dialog: shul? And you.. Married?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No.
text: They look across at Hinda who has just walked through with
dialog: her Friend, curious.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: Did you speak to Hinda yet? You
dialog: were friends no?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No.
dialog: 11A.
dialog: 12.
text: Fruma nods. Ronit looks over at Esti. Fruma follows her gaze.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: Three boys Hinda has. And there’s
dialog: Esti of course.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What does Esti do now?
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: Esti teaches at your old girls’
dialog: school. No children.
text: Ronit and Esti catch each other’s eye again.
speaker_heading: FRUMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Esti has forgiven you Ronit. We all
dialog: have.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What? For what?
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: For everything. Your.. Rage.
text: Ronit cannot reply, puzzled and quietly angry.
speaker_heading: FRUMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dovid nursed the Rav you. know.. to
dialog: the end. He was like a son to him.
dialog: Never left his side. But so much
dialog: pain. It was a release. It must be
dialog: so hard for you not to have said
dialog: goodbye.
text: It’s all too much for Ronit. She takes her cigarettes out of
dialog: her bag.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Excuse me Fruma.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: You’1l never conceive. With the
dialog: nicotine Ronit. And all these
dialog: mobile phones.
text: Ronit walks away towards the kitchen, Fruma turns, concerned,
text: to the WOMAN next to her.
dialog: 24
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. DAY. 24
text: Ronit walks over to Dovid who pours her a coffee from a jug
dialog: flask.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Fruma just referred to “my rage”.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Do you still take it black?
text: Dovid hands Ronit a coffee.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Yeah.. I’ll get a cab in a bit.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Stay here Ronit.
text: Dovid smiles, Ronit smiles, she appreciates his warmth. Dovid
text: seems to be somewhat quietly battling with himself.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Will you take over at the shul?
text: Dovid shrugs.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It’s too early to think of such
dialog: things..
text: He pauses, really takes Ronit in.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: So you came.. To mourn the Rav?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Why else would I be here?
text: Dovid shrugs.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You were never very predictable.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Are you still angry with me?
text: Dovid doesn’t know if he is or he isn’t.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You left very suddenly.....
text: Ronit and Dovid are silent for a moment.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Are you married?
text: DOVID smiles, nods.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: When did that happen?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: A while ago.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Who is she? Do I know her?
dialog: It’s not Hinda? Please.. Hinda of
dialog: Hendon...
dialog: Dovid keeps his wife’s name to himself.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit.. It Is Hinda.. I’m sorry. .no?
dialog: Dovid?
text: Ronit smiles, that would be awful. Dovid smiles. Ronit is
text: trying to resurrect their old camaraderie and humour which
text: seems to be all but absent.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: No. No, I didn’t marry Hinda.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Good. So that leaves a hundred
text: identical to Hinda.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Don’t be cruel.
text: Esti walks past them with some plates. Ronit stares at her.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Esti..
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Ronit. How are you?
text: The women look at each other, Esti stacked with plates, Ronit
dialog: just a cigarette.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I'm..here..which is.. Strange. You?
dialog: Esti looks to Dovid, what have they been talking about?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: «+. May you live a long life.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: .-Fruma said you’re teaching.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I am... You look very New York.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You look very.. frum.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Shall I take more food out?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Leave it. I’1l do it. Or Dovid’s
text: wife.. when she appears.
text: Ronit looks to Esti for some humorous support. Esti simply
text: looks at her, puts down the plates.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: So who became Mrs. Kuperman Esti?
dialog: Do we approve?
text: Ronit wants to reconnect with them...Dovid and Esti look at
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Ronit was going to go to a hotel.
dialog: But I told her she should stay with
dialog: us.
text: Esti hesitates, unsure, then nods.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Yes.. Yes you must.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What?
text: Ronit looks to Esti who looks down. Esti looks to Dovid who
text: stares straight back at Ronit who realises that they are
text: married. And is beyond surprised.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: I'll fold down the bed in the spare
dialog: room?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I'll do it.
text: But Esti is slightly embarrassed at the domestic request.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You two.. You’re married..
dialog: 15A.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Yes. Yes we are, Ronit.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You're married...
text: Ronit is amazed.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: The Rav gave us his blessing.
dialog: Baruch Hashem.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Nobody told me. You didn’t let me
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: You disappeared.
text: Esti leaves them to sort the spare room.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: The hesped will be a big event..
dialog: The Rav was so loved... I don’t
dialog: know how I’m going to cope without
dialog: him.
text: This is all too awkward for Ronit whose loss is more complex.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You and Esti got married? It was
dialog: always the three of us.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You went away. That left the two of
dialog: us.
text: Ronit is shocked and quietly raging.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I would have come over, if you'd
dialog: told me he was ill.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: The Rav didn’t want you to know.
text: Ronit nods, she feels rejected once more by her father. Dovid
dialog: can see this and is sorry.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: He became very frail. He probably
dialog: didn’t want you to see him like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You still should have called me.
dialog: Then I could have been here.
text: Ronit is confused and angry, she struggles to contain
text: herself. She lights up a cigarette. Dovid opens a door for
text: her to step into the garden. They really look at each other.
text: Ronit doesn’t move outside.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: This week has been harsh Ronit...
dialog: Please?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: My father just died.
speaker_heading: DOVID ( GENTLY)
dialog: I know. I was there.
text: Dovid looks away, upset. Ronit is lost. Dovid drums the table
text: with his fingers, tired, blasted. Ronit throws her lit
text: cigarette butt away and starts to walk away from Dovid. She
text: tries to overcome her upset.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: At least you told me he was dead.
text: Dovid didn't let her know but he lets this go by.. He is very
dialog: determined to make things good.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Ronit.. It is important that this
dialog: week is conducted with honour.
text: It’s not a threat but a plea.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Honour. .
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: That is the most important thing.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Absolutely.
text: Dovid sighs, real pain and trouble has arrived.
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. THE LIVING ROOM. DUSK. 25
text: Dovid stands by the ritual candle. Esti is behind him. Hartog
text: stands beside Esti and Fruma beside him. Still stunned, Ronit
text: stands apart from them and back as the people gather around
dialog: him for the end of shiva.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: (recites in Hebrew)
dialog: Your sun shall no more go down,
dialog: nor your moon withdraw itself;
dialog: for the Lord will be your
dialog: everlasting light, and your days of
dialog: mourning shall be ended.
text: Dovid heads for the front door, everybody follows him. Ronit
text: stands there looking, but finds herself being pulled into the
dialog: group.
scene_heading: EXT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. STREET. DUSK. 26
text: Ronit is in the group of Men and Women that walk around the
text: block to the right, part of the ritual.
text: She can see Dovid and Esti walking ahead, through the faces.
text: Suddenly, Esti turns back and looks at Ronit who stares back
text: at her for a second.
text: These events are affecting Ronit, who unexpectedly finds
dialog: herself absorbed by the strength of the Orthodox Jewish
dialog: world.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. ATTIC GUEST ROOM. NIGHT. 27
text: Esti shows Ronit into the guest room. Ronit takes in the
text: place -- mismatched furniture from long ago, a sofa bed
text: turned down. Dovid’s teenage quilt cover with cars on it.
text: Esti goes to the closet.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I’1ll get you some hangers.
text: She throws some things around inside the closet, awkward.
text: Ronit looks at her.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: What? I look older?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I wasn’t thinking that.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I look tired. We all do.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Should I stay somewhere else?...
dialog: Esti?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Do what you want Ronit.
dialog: Ronit sighs, this is all going to be difficult.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Does this window open?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No. If you want to smoke you need
dialog: to go downstairs.
text: Esti walks out of the room. On the table, Ronit sees the
text: latest issue of the Jewish Messenger. She flips a page and
dialog: finds --
scene_heading: INSERT -- RAV KRUSHKA’S OBITUARY
text: A PHOTO of the Rav when he was younger, charismatic.
text: Ronit starts to read. Something suddenly upsets her.
text: Dovid comes in with an extra blanket. He puts it on the bed.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Do you need anything?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RONIT (READS..) (CONT’D)
text: “..Rav Krushka’s untimely death... is
text: a crushing blow to Anglo-Jewry. He
dialog: was a giant of the faith. Sadly he
dialog: left no children.”
text: Ronit looks up at Dovid, hurt.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Lazy journalism. That would have
dialog: upset the Rav.
text: Dovid takes the paper from Ronit.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Childless..
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It’s probably some twelve year old
dialog: reporter. Forget about it.
dialog: Ronit feels vulnerable, all this talk of her father and she
dialog: is not really involved in any of it.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Everybody loves him so much. I used
dialog: to wonder if I loved him as much as
dialog: all those strangers did. Or
dialog: sometimes if I loved him at all.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You're his daughter.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: He was always closer to you.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: .-He enjoyed teaching me.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I used to wonder how the two of you
dialog: could talk together for so long.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: He'd talk and I'd listen. Mostly
dialog: about the Torah..Try to get some
dialog: sleep Ronit.
text: Esti comes in and puts some hangers in the wardrobe, a towel
text: on her arm. Dovid loiters, waiting for her to finish the task
text: and they can both go. Esti puts the towel on the bed.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Thanks..
dialog: Dovid..
text: She goes to her suitcase and looks for something. Takes out
text: an art catalogue of her photographs. She gives it to Dovid.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: I brought this for you.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Your pictures. Wonderful..
text: Esti waits at the door.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you Ronit. Good night.
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: 28A
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: So are you two well? Is it good?..
dialog: being married? ..
text: Dovid hesitates, nods.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: We're very happy.
text: Dovid and Esti exit.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DINING ROOM. NIGHT. 28
text: Esti goes to a covered mirror and takes the drape off it. She
text: catches sight of herself for a moment, worried. Then she goes
text: towards the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. NIGHT. 28A
text: Esti goes to the sink and turns on the tap. She takes a glass
text: from the draining board and she’s surprised to see -- her
text: hands are shaking.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DOVID & ESTI’S BEDROOM. DAY. 29
text: Esti sits on her bed, already dressed, her wig on. She
text: watches Dovid who wakes up. He almost immediately starts to
text: say a morning blessing. He looks beautiful,half asleep.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Modeh Ani Lefanecha, Melech Chai
dialog: Vekayam, Shehechezarta Bi Nishmati,
dialog: Bechemla, Raba Emunatecha.
text: Esti crosses to him. He looks at her, what does she want? She
text: kisses him on the mouth, with passion. He is surprised. She
text: leaves the room. He gets up and goes to wash his hands in the
text: water jug and bowl on a nearby table.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. DAY. 30
text: Esti and Dovid sit at the table after breakfast, having tea.
text: Esti turns the pages of Ronit’s monogram, they are
dialog: photographic portraits of twins.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Have you looked at these?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: No.
dialog: 21A.
text: Ronit appears at the bottom of the stairs, still in her
dialog: pyjamas.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Morning Ronit.. Did you sleep?
dialog: 22.
text: Ronit comes and sits with them at the table, restless. Esti
text: pours her a cup of tea.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Not really.
text: Ronit drinks her tea.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: What will you do today? Do you want
dialog: us to show you the new wing of the
dialog: shul?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I’m fine. I want to have a wander
dialog: round the old places.
text: A pause, “their old places.” Esti sorts her bag for school.
speaker_heading: ESTI ( TO DOVID)
dialog: You’ve read Othello haven’t you?
dialog: Mrs. Shapiro wants your approval on
dialog: my teaching it.
text: Ronit looks at them. She is totally floored by the need for
dialog: the husband’s compliance.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It’s a great play. Why wouldn’t you
dialog: teach it?..Where will you go Ronit?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I’ll go to Greenbergs and eat
dialog: cakes. Sit at our table... Where we
dialog: all planned our escape together.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Your pictures are very beautiful
dialog: Ronit.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Do you have a dark room?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Yeah, I’ve sectioned part of the
dialog: room off.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Do you remember my grandfather’s
dialog: dark room?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
text: Under the stairs with the red light
text: and the pictures gradually coming
dialog: out. I liked the smell in there..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: It was always very warm..we got
text: high on the developing fluid.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: I didn’t know you did that.
text: Esti looks at the cover, ”“ Identical ; by Ronnie Curtis.”
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Is Curtis your married name?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No. I’m single.. Mrs. Kuperman.
text: Ronit smiles at Esti, tries to make light of things, to
dialog: pretend everything is normal.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Will you have some breakfast?
text: Ronit seems nervous about something she has to say.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Thank you both.. for...
text: They both look at Ronit.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: For taking care of my father.
text: Dovid is upset by the thought of the Rav ill. He tries to
dialog: control his emotion.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: The Rav took care of me. Many
dialog: times... I have to go. Are you
dialog: ready Esti?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I’ll be there in a minute.
text: Dovid gets up, leaving Esti and Ronit awkward. Ronit and Esti
text: sit in silence for some moments.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Dovid has been incredibly upset.
text: Ronit is irritated by this.
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Do you really have to get
dialog: permission from your husband? To
dialog: teach a play?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Don’t Ronit...
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: It’s just a question.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: It’s not what you’re asking. It’s
dialog: the way you ask it.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I’m just amazed..It’s a classic
dialog: text? It’s not porn.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I have to go.
text: Esti looks at Ronit and gets up, she puts some spare keys
text: next to Ronit and takes her handbag.
scene_heading: E/I. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE/ DOVID’S CAR. DAY. 31
text: Dovid starts the car as Esti comes out of the house.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Esti nods. They drive away.
scene_heading: EXT. GIRLS’ SCHOOL. DAY. 32
text: MOTHERS are walking their DAUGHTERS into school, the girls
dialog: are in uniform.
text: Dovid stops outside the GIRLS' SCHOOL and Esti gets out of
text: the car. She waves goodbye and heads toward the building. TWO
text: SECURITY GUARDS stand outside. Several GIRLS, 12ish, with
text: their mothers wave at Esti. One GIRL, RINA, 12, waves
text: adamantly, smiling.
speaker_heading: RINA
dialog: Good morning Mrs. Kuperman!
dialog: 24a.
scene_heading: 33 INT. GIRLS’ SCHOOL. CORRIDOR. DAY. 33
text: Esti and the imposing MRS. HANNAH SHAPIRO (50s), the
text: headmistress, walk towards Esti’s classroom.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAPIRO
dialog: Miss Scheinberg has been very
dialog: capable. I worried as she’s never
dialog: had a class of her own but no..
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Good.. I appreciated the time off.
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 34
dialog: 25.
text: At the classroom Mrs. Shapiro walks on. Esti stops outside
text: it, TEENAGE GIRLS are inside. They are singing the morning
text: prayer. They kiss their prayer books and then they sit down.
text: Esti looks in closer through the door window and sees --
text: The substitute teacher, MISS SCHEINBERG (20s), attractive,
text: hopeful, stands at the whiteboard at front.
text: Esti stares at Miss Scheinberg, the young woman that she used
dialog: to resemble.
text: Esti knocks and opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL. CLASSROOM. DAY. 34
text: Miss Scheinberg and the GIRLS turn to see Esti walk in. The
text: girls stand up. They are bright and pleased to see Esti.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Good morning, girls!
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Good morning, Mrs. Kuperman!
text: Esti crosses to Miss Scheinberg.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Thank you. For covering for me.
speaker_heading: MISS SCHITZLER
dialog: It was a pleasure. Your class is
dialog: very bright.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Have you done me proud girls?
text: The girls smile back at her.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘ll take over now.
speaker_heading: MISS SCHITZLER
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: ( to the girls)
dialog: I missed you!
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: We missed you too Mrs. Kuperman!
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 26.
text: Miss Scheinberg crosses to her. Esti walks to the
text: whiteboard. She smiles but she is troubled.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVKAH’S COUNCIL BLOCK. HENDON. DAY. 35
text: Dovid waits at a door of a large council house block. He
text: rings (again)... He hears steps on the stairs. RIVKAH, ( 30s)
text: opens the door, with a baby in her arms.
speaker_heading: RIVKAH
dialog: Sorry.. Sorry.. The children!
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Hello Rivkah.. How are you?
speaker_heading: RIVKAH
dialog: Better, much better thanks.
scene_heading: INT. RIVKAH’S FLAT. A FRONT ROOM. HENDON. DAY. 36
text: RIVKAH and AVI ( 30s) and Dovid sit around a coffee table.
text: SHMULI (6) sits on the couch in a blanket in his pyjamas. He
text: has a cold. One of a set of TWINS, a redhead, one year old,
text: is held by Rivkah, the other is in a Moses basket near to
text: them, also a redhead, and sleeps. There is a brown envelope
text: on the table.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Thank you Dovid. I’1l get it back
dialog: to all of you, it was just
dialog: impossible you know, with Rivkah
dialog: being so ill?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It’s not a loan. It’s from
dialog: everyone....And you have the all
dialog: clear now yes?
speaker_heading: RIVKAH
dialog: I do.. I go for a check up every
dialog: six months from now on.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Wonderful..that’s great... And
dialog: you've got the day off school
dialog: Shmuli?
text: Shmuli nods, happy.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: RIVKAH
dialog: He didn’t sleep. He’s got a cold.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Are you going to help your mother
dialog: instead?
speaker_heading: SHMULI
dialog: No.
text: Shmuli smiles, naughty and easy with Dovid.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: I saw they’ve started extending the
dialog: eruv?
speaker_heading: DOVID
text: Yes. By a few miles.
speaker_heading: SHMULI
dialog: What’s an eruv?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Come here.
text: Dovid indicates for Shmuli to come up into his arms. He lifts
text: him up and takes him to the window. They are familiar, Shmuli
dialog: trusts him.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: You see the line over there in the
dialog: sky? Between the poles?
text: Shmuli nods.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s the eruv.
speaker_heading: RIVKAH
text: It’s like a big circle around where
dialog: we live.
dialog: 37
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: It’s not an exact circle.
speaker_heading: SHMULI
dialog: Where’s the rest of it?
speaker_heading: RIVKAH
dialog: It’s all around us...
dialog: You know how before we couldn’t
text: push the twins in their buggy on
dialog: Shabbos outside? And dad couldn’t
dialog: carry his keys in the street?
text: Shmuli nods.
speaker_heading: RIVKAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we can. Because the circle is
dialog: bigger and it becomes like your
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: SHMULI
dialog: Can we go outside it?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: You don’t need to. We have
dialog: everything we need inside of it.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You should go outside of it Shmuli,
dialog: when you’re older. Then you’1l know
dialog: if you want to stay inside.
text: Avi disagrees, but lets it go. Dovid puts Shmuli back down
text: and Rivkah tickles him. Shmuli laughs and struggles.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Be careful of your mother eh,
dialog: careful! No jumping on her!
text: Avi shakes his head, smiles, the family is well, thankfully.
text: Dovid watches them all, he aches for a family.
scene_heading: I/E. DOVID’S CAR/ SYNAGOGUE. DAY. 37
text: Dovid parks outside the synagogue.
text: He gets out and walks to the temple.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: 38 INT. SYNAGOGUE. STAIRWELL. DAY 38
text: Dovid walks down a corridor, where a few MEN go about their
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: KIRSCHBAUM (0.S.)
dialog: Dovid!
scene_heading: Dovid turns. YOSEF KIRSCHBAUM (60s) and DR. GIDEON RIGLER
text: (50s) come up to him and shake hands.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Good morning, Yosef. Dr. Rigler.
speaker_heading: DR. RIGLER
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: KIRSCHBAUM
dialog: How are you, Dovid?
text: Dovid nods, smiling.
speaker_heading: KIRSCHBAUM (CONT’D)
dialog: How is your speech coming along?
dialog: It will be a wonderful Hesped.
speaker_heading: DR. RIGLER
dialog: The Rav would be very proud of you
dialog: Dovid.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It will be hard to do justice to
dialog: his life and work.
speaker_heading: KIRSCHBAUM
dialog: Ronit Krushka is staying with you?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Yes, she is.
text: Kirschbaum and Dr. Rigler nod, unsure. Dovid smiles and he
text: starts walking again, more tense.
scene_heading: 39 INT. SYNAGOGUE. LIBRARY. DAY. 39
text: Dovid leads a study group with GAVRIEL, LEVI and AKIVA, three
text: rabbinical newly married students, all in their 20s. They
dialog: have open books before them.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: GAVRIEL
dialog: “Ud-she’ha’melech bim’siboy nir’di
dialog: nosson reichoy.”
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: OK stop there. So what does it
dialog: mean? Give us the translation - in
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: GAVRIEL
dialog: “While the king is at his table, my
text: perfume sends forth its fragrance.”
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Yes - “A bundle of myrrh is my
dialog: beloved to me, that lies all night
dialog: between my breasts. My beloved is
text: to me as a cluster of henna blooms
dialog: in the vineyards of Ein-Gedi.”
text: Dovid stops, sits back and motions to the others to comment.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Nu?
speaker_heading: LEVI
dialog: Rashi makes the point...
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: No - let’s not think about Rashi’s
dialog: commentaries for a moment.. What do
dialog: YOU think?
text: The students look at him, a touch shocked.
speaker_heading: GAVRIEL
dialog: Is it that.. is it about Hashem and
dialog: Israel?
speaker_heading: AKIVA
dialog: Or is it about sensuality?.. That
dialog: is the way in which true love
dialog: manifests itself?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: But might it also mean that between
text: a male and a female there is
dialog: something higher than that.
speaker_heading: LEVI
dialog: No. The references to sensual
dialog: pleasures celebrate physical love
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 30A.
speaker_heading: LEVI (CONT'D)
dialog: The enjoyment of that love becomes,
dialog: in this context, the highest.
speaker_heading: GAVRIEL
dialog: Perhaps.. but that is a limited
dialog: view. There are many different
dialog: forms of love.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: “See, you are fair, my love, you
dialog: are fair; your eyes are doves.”
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 31.
text: Dovid suddenly looks very tired. He takes off his glasses and
text: closes his eyes. Pinches the bridge of his nose.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: “See, you are handsome, my beloved,
dialog: yea, pleasing; and our bed is
text: verdant. The beams of our house are
dialog: cedar, and our rafters...”
text: Dovid stops.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: (puts on his glasses)
dialog: Continue to read the commentaries
dialog: to yourselves.
text: They look back to their books.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY STREET. DAY 40
text: Ronit walks. She crosses the street towards the..
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY. RAV’S GRAVE. DAY 4l
text: Ronit walks through the rows of gravestones. Makes an effort
dialog: to connect.
text: She sees, from a distance --
text: Four ORTHODOX TEENAGERS dressed in black with black hats,
text: standing before a new grave: a mound of dirt. The TEENAGERS
text: each hold a prayer book.
text: Ronit moves closer. It’s the Rav’s grave, a mound of earth.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 32.
text: Ronit waits for the teenagers to leave. But they don’t move.
text: Ronit looks around at the headstones.. Finally, she loses her
text: patience. She approaches the Rav’s grave.
text: The teenagers watch her, with surprise and desire.
text: Ronit gets to the grave and tries to focus on her farewell...
text: Ronit stares at the teenagers, they look down, but they don’t
dialog: leave.
text: Ronit looks at the grave, again tries to calm herself... But
text: the boys are still staring.
speaker_heading: RONIT ( IN YIDDISH)
dialog: That’s my dad.
text: The Teenagers nod and shuffle off, awkward.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Good morning, Tatti..
text: Ronit looks at the earth mound and leaves, upset.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DOVID & ESTI’S BEDROOM. DAY. 42
text: Dovid unbuttons his shirt. He is in his trousers, his body is
text: fit and attractive. Esti lies down on the beds which are
text: pulled together. She has underwear on and pulls a cover over
text: her. Dovid sits on the side of the bed and he takes Esti’s
text: hand which is waiting to take his. Now he takes away the
text: cover from Esti and kisses her. Esti cradles his head and
text: kisses him, affectionate but not passionate.
scene_heading: INT. GREENBERGS’ BAKERY AND CAFE. DAY. 43
text: Ronit points to a particular pastry that she has been aching
text: for. The SHOP ASSISTANT points her tongs at a pastry.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Yes. Just one... And an apple
text: strudel thanks.
scene_heading: EXT. GREENBERGS’ BAKERY AND CAFE. DAY 44
text: Outside the shop Jewish and non Jewish folk hurry about,
text: stressed. A window cleaner cleans the large shop window. We
text: see Ronit appear and disappear behind the foam and wiper, sat
text: at the table and looking at the two empty chairs beside her.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. 45
text: Ronit walks down the stairs wearing a tight blue skirt with a
text: long slit up the leg. She watches Esti and Dovid preparing
text: the candles for Shabbos. Dovid and Esti turn to look at her.
text: Dovid is surprised by her outfit and smiles, shaking his
text: head. Esti seems distanced from them both.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What? Is it too much? It’s only
dialog: Uncle Hartog.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It’s the Goldfarbs too. Rabbi and
dialog: Rebbetzin Goldfarb.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: And he still invited me?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: I've invited you.
text: Esti picks up the ornate Shabbos matchbox and lights a
text: candle. Esti waves her hands over the flames three times and
text: brings her hands to her eyes, praying. Dovid watches, Ronit
text: mouths the familiar words and feels the rhythm of the prayer.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Baruch atah Adonai, Eloheinu,
dialog: melech haolam, asher kid'shanu
dialog: b'mitzvotav, v'tzivanu 1'hadlik ner
dialog: shel Shabbat.
text: Ronit watches Esti, who turns to look at her. Ronit is moved
text: by the familiar ritual. Dovid and the women look beautiful in
text: the light of the candles.
scene_heading: EXT. HARTOG’S HOUSE. STREET. NIGHT. 46
text: Dovid, Esti and Ronit walk up towards Hartog’s house, big and
text: impressive. They say nothing to each other but it’s not
dialog: awkward.
scene_heading: INT. HARTOG’S HOUSE. DINING ROOM. NIGHT 47
text: A long table with lit candles, two Challah breads under an
text: ornate cover. Hartog stands at the head of the table. Dovid,
text: and RABBI GOLDFARB ( 70s) stand on one side, Ronit, Esti,
text: Fruma Hartog and REBBETZIN GOLDFARB (70s) on the other. They
text: all look at Hartog, at the head of the table, holding a
text: silver jug in his right palm, reciting.
dialog: 48
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: «Vv'Shabat kad'sh'kha b'ahavah
dialog: uv'ratzon hin'chal'tanu
dialog: Barukh atah Adonai m'kadeish
dialog: hashabat.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Amen.
text: Hartog pours wine into seven small glasses. He sits down,
text: drinks from one glass, he passes a second to Rabbi Goldfarb.
text: Dovid looks at Esti and Ronit, across the table. They look at
dialog: him.
text: Rabbi Goldfarb passes Dovid two glasses. Dovid drinks from
text: his glass and passes the other glass to Esti.
text: Esti drinks. Hartog passes glasses to Ronit, Fruma and
text: Rebbetzin Goldfarb. As Esti drinks she looks at Ronit who
text: looks back at her and drinks. Rebbetzin Goldfarb drinks and
text: stares at Ronit and without realising it, she shakes her
dialog: head, Ronit should not be here.
scene_heading: INT. HARTOG’S HOUSE. DINING ROOM. NIGHT 48
text: The food has been eaten. They are drinking coffee.
speaker_heading: GOLDFARB
dialog: So our youngest one Basha, she has
dialog: just had her second boy. And they
dialog: named him Daniel, for my father.
text: Goldfarb smiles.
speaker_heading: REBBETZIN GOLDFARB
dialog: They live in Australia. Too far.
dialog: Melbourne. Thirty seven
dialog: grandchildren!
speaker_heading: GOLDFARB
dialog: We saw your photos in a magazine.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Your pictures of the twins.
speaker_heading: REBBETZIN GOLDFARB
dialog: But they called you Ronnie Curtis?
dialog: What was wrong with your real name,
dialog: Krushka? You should be proud of it.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: Artists change their names, don’t
dialog: they Moshe?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Women change their names every day.
dialog: They take their husband’s name and
dialog: their own history is gone.
text: Everyone looks at Esti, unsure, as she has said it gently.
text: Everybody is silent.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: What? They do, don’t they?
text: Fruma stares at Ronit.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: You look so much like your mother.
dialog: You have Leah’s eyes, don’t you
dialog: think Moshe?
text: Everyone looks at Ronit.. She smiles. Hartog looks at her,
dialog: nods, affected...
speaker_heading: GOLDFARB (TO HARTOG)
dialog: Your dear sister was taken too
dialog: soon... And now the Rav..
dialog: This must all be such a shock to
dialog: you Ronit.
speaker_heading: REBBETZIN GOLDFARB
dialog: You're away it’s a shock. Of course
dialog: it is! We never thought we’d see
dialog: you again.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I’m sorry to disappoint you...
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Ronit.. More coffee?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No thanks. I need to sort the house
dialog: while I’m over here.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Nisht Shabbos garecht...Come to the
dialog: office and we'll talk about it.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: You must take Leah’s candlesticks
text: Ronit. From the house.
dialog: 35A.
speaker_heading: REBBETZIN GOLDFARB
dialog: Yes of course. And then you must
dialog: give them to your children.
text: They wait.. Ronit says nothing, stifled by the talk of
text: children whilst saddened by the thought of her mother. She
text: half nods, feeling awkward.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: Ronit? They must be passed on
dialog: through the mother’s side.. to
dialog: carry on the bloodline.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Perhaps Ronit doesn’t want to have
dialog: children..
dialog: Everyone looks at Esti, how could anyone not want them? Esti
text: looks down.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: RONIT ( TO HARTOG)
dialog: ..-Can you help me sell the house?
text: Hartog puts his finger to his lips, quiet! Ronit obeys.
speaker_heading: GOLDFARB
dialog: How old were you Dovid when the Rav
dialog: took you in? And taught you?
dialog: Thirteen was it?
text: Dovid nods.
speaker_heading: GOLDFARB (CONT'D)
dialog: Dovid has been doing great work in
dialog: the community.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: There have been a lot of problems.
dialog: With housing. And jobs.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: The youth... Even one incident of
dialog: drugs.
speaker_heading: REBBETZIN GOLDFARB
dialog: Nothing that we cannot deal with.
dialog: Hashem protects us.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Perhaps people should stop having
dialog: such huge families.
text: Hartog is becoming quietly furious with Ronit.
speaker_heading: REBBETZIN GOLDFARB
dialog: And you're not married yet? You
dialog: must find someone Ronit. It’s not
text: funny growing old alone.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I have good friends.
speaker_heading: REBBETZIN GOLDFARB
dialog: Oh, I’m sure you have lots of fun.
dialog: But that will pass. Being married..
dialog: Well, it’s the way it should be.
text: Her words hit a mark with Ronit, who is quietly in pain
dialog: amongst all the couples.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Is it? Or is it just institutional
dialog: obligation?
dialog: 36A.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Ronit.. Stop right there. Yes?
text: Ronit approaches it as an academic problem, not an emotional
dialog: one.
dialog: 49
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: If I hadn’t left here when I did..
dialog: If I’d stayed a year longer I'd
dialog: have been married off to whoever...
dialog: Give it ten years in some loveless
dialog: marriage and I might have killed
dialog: myself. Or at least felt like doing
dialog: it.
text: Esti looks down, she is upset. Ronit sees this.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry.. I should go.
speaker_heading: FRUMA
dialog: Ronit?
text: Ronit gets up.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Excuse me. Thank you Fruma..
dialog: Sorry.. That was.. lovely.
text: Ronit gets up and leaves. There is an awkward silence. Dovid
dialog: stands.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: I’'1l walk Ronit back to ours. Esti?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: You go on. I’1l get my coat.
text: Esti looks at him, then down.
scene_heading: EXT. HARTOG’S HOUSE. STREET. NIGHT 49
text: Dovid catches up with Ronit who is leaving the driveway.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Ronit..
text: Ronit looks back, slows a touch for Dovid to join her.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Happy Shabbos...
dialog: 50
dialog: 38.
text: They walk in time. Ronit smiles.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Why is Rebbetzin Goldfarb so angry?
dialog: She has a good life. What else does
dialog: she want?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: What do any of us want?.. Do you
dialog: know what you really want?
text: Ronit shakes her head, they walk on quietly. Ronit stops now,
text: she wants to cry and tries to stop herself.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I do. I know what I want.
text: Dovid stops with her, concerned.
speaker_heading: DOVID (GENTLY)
dialog: Ronit? What is it you want?
text: Ronit nods but cannot trust herself to say anything without
dialog: crying.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What is it Ronit?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: My dad.. My dad...I want him to
dialog: know that I loved him... Do you
dialog: think he knew that?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Yes. Yes he did. He had to know
dialog: that.
text: Ronit looks at him, lost. Dovid wants to hold her but is not
text: allowed to. He places his hands near to her arms as if to
text: suggest holding her.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m so sorry Ronit. The Rav was..
dialog: You’ve lost your father.
text: Ronit wants comfort from him and sees behind Dovid that Esti
text: is standing in the street outside Hartog’s house, watching
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. WIGMAKER’S SHOP. HENDON. DAY. 50
text: Ronit arrives at a large wigmaker's shop. She goes in.
dialog: 51
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. WIGMAKER’S SHOP. HENDON. DAY 51
text: Endless rows of mannequin heads sporting all kinds of
text: hairstyles and sensible colors and cuts. A FEMALE ASSISTANT,
text: 60s, helps another WOMAN, 50s, to find a wig. The Assistant
text: looks at Ronit as she comes in. Both older women are very
dialog: aware of Ronit being an Outsider.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I need to speak to my uncle, Mr.
dialog: Hartog.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: One moment.
text: The Assistant slowly crosses to the door to Hartog’s office.
text: Ronit looks at the various wigs, they’re awful. She tries one
text: on, it’s terrible, she takes it off. The Assistant comes back
text: in and holds up two fingers gently.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT (CONT’D)
text: Two minutes.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Thanks.
text: The Assistant goes back to helping the Woman try her wig on.
text: Ronit can feel their disapproval and looks; she picks up a
text: nicer dark bob wig.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: I can help you in a minute if you’d
dialog: like to wait?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No no I’m fine.. Thanks.
text: Ronit puts it on, it looks very French new wave. A dark
text: curtain behind a window flicks and Hartog looks through to
text: the shop. He holds a mobile and nods at Ronit, indicates for
text: her to wait. Ronit waits for a few moments then a knock is
text: heard on the door from the office, Hartog’s indication to his
dialog: assistant.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: He’s ready for you now.
text: Ronit walks into the office, bewigged.
dialog: 52
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. WIGMAKER’S SHOP. OFFICE. DAY 52
text: Hartog shows Ronit into a small office with cabinet files,
text: stacks of papers, posters of wigs. A desk facing two chairs.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Have a seat, please. Ronit?
text: Indicating her to take the wig off, but she doesn’t.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: So..
text: They sit. He takes his time.
speaker_heading: HARTOG (CONT'D)
dialog: How is life.. are you making a
dialog: living with your photos?
text: Ronit is a bit thrown by his questions.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I get by.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: You broke the Rav’s heart when you
dialog: left.
text: Ronit tries to stay strong.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: He told me to leave.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: For Israel yes. Not for New York.
dialog: He gave you the ticket, the funds.
dialog: Ronit finds this all too hard.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Can we talk about the house?
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: It was very hard for him. Your
dialog: disappearing like that...
text: Hartog pushes a bunch of yale keys towards her.
speaker_heading: HARTOG (CONT'D)
dialog: These are the keys for you to
dialog: gather any personal possessions.
dialog: 40A.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Thanks. Can you help me to sell it?
dialog: 41.
text: Ronit takes the set of keys with various key label fobs on
text: them. Hartog opens a drawer. He looks through some papers,
text: grabs a folder. He takes out a document and hands it to
dialog: Ronit.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: So.. you would want to honour your
dialog: family Ronit? ..clause three.. read
dialog: it.
text: Ronit looks at the small print but does not read it.
speaker_heading: HARTOG (CONT'D)
text: Rav Krushka, bless his memory, left
dialog: the house and everything in it to
dialog: the synagogue...
text: Ronit makes an effort to appear strong.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: I’m sorry if that’s a shock.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No. No it’s not. It’s just.. A
dialog: house.
text: Ronit prepares to leave.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: A father should have a child to
text: look after him in his final hours.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: But I didn’t know he was ill.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: How could you know when you are not
dialog: here?
text: Ronit endeavours not to cry, to be clear.
speaker_heading: HARTOG (CONT'D)
dialog: Your mother.. My sister.. She was a
dialog: wonderful woman Ronit.. a very
dialog: loyal person. When Leah died Shlomo
text: grieved deeply for her.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I don’t remember a time when he
dialog: wasn’t grieving for her.
dialog: 53
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: You were all he had left.... it
dialog: must be very painful for you.. Not
dialog: to receive the Rav’s forgiveness.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You're a monster Moshe. All you
dialog: see is your own righteousness but
dialog: you .-hurt and you hurt.
text: Ronit stands up, sad, furious. She has forgotten she is even
text: wearing the wig. She is enveloped by sadness about her
text: father’s further rejection of her.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Ronit?
text: He indicates the wig but Ronit starts to walk out.
speaker_heading: HARTOG (CONT'D)
dialog: The wig!
text: But she is gone.
scene_heading: INT. KOSHER SUPERMARKET. DAY 53
text: Esti walks down an aisle with a shopping cart.
text: She stops in front of the canned tomatoes, conflicted. Little
text: Shmuli comes towards her, carrying a basket.
speaker_heading: SHMULI
dialog: Good morning, Mrs. Kuperman!
text: Esti turns around to see him.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Hello, Shmuli!
text: RIVKAH (30s) comes down the aisle pushing a double buggy.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Rivkah, you look great. How are you
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: RIVKAH
dialog: We're good. And all the help Esti,
dialog: it was very appreciated.
text: One of the redhead twins starts to cry inside the buggy.
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: RIVKAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no, she'll wake up her sister.
text: Rivkah lifts the cover, revealing the twins. She picks up the
text: one that’s crying, starts to rock her -- too late.
text: Her sister wakes up and starts crying too. Esti looks on with
text: some distance. But Rivkah puts one of the twins in Esti’s
text: arms so she’s free to pick up the other one.
text: Instinct takes over as Esti holds the child and starts to
text: rock her. Much to her surprise, the baby stops crying. She
text: looks at Esti with her big baby eyes and smiles.
speaker_heading: RIVKAH (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s Shayna.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: (coos)
dialog: Hey there, Shayna...
speaker_heading: RIVKAH ( WARM)
dialog: I saw Ronit just now. She hasn’t
dialog: changed, has she?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No.. No she hasn’t.
text: Rivkah returns one baby to the buggy. Esti reluctantly
text: returns Shayna to Rivkah.
scene_heading: EXT. KOSHER SUPERMARKET / STREETS. DAY 54
text: Esti comes out of the supermarket with her wheelie shopping
text: bag and starts down the street.
text: Suddenly, she spots Ronit, waiting to cross, smoking, tense,
text: in her wig. Esti stops to watch her, puzzled.
text: Ronit crosses the street. Esti follows her at a distance.
text: Ronit walks on, intense.
text: Esti looks at her.
text: Suddenly Ronit stops and turns around. She sees Esti.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Hello..
text: Esti approaches Ronit.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Are you wearing a wig?
text: Ronit takes it off. Puts it in her bag.
scene_heading: EXT. RAV’S HOUSE. DAY 55
text: Esti and Ronit get to the Rav’s deserted-looking house. It’s
text: uncared for, in need of repair. Ronit finds the key on her
text: bunch and tries to open the front door. But it sticks. Esti
text: takes over and gives the key a pull and push, the knack of
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. RAV’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. DAY 56
text: The place is dark and stale behind closed curtains. Ronit is
text: shocked as she discovers -- the living room has been turned
text: into a makeshift sickroom. There’s a bed with dirty linen, an
text: oxygen tank beside it. She takes out her cigarettes,
text: abstracted. Esti almost shouts.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Ronit! Not near that..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I wasn’t going to!..
text: Ronit doesn’t know if she was about to light up in her
text: distraction.. But she puts her cigarettes away. She walks to
text: the window, throws open the curtains, the glass is yellowed
text: with the Rav’s past smoking. The light reveals just how messy
text: and rundown everything is. The bedsheets have small spots of
text: blood. Ronit takes this in and sees a bedcover on a chair.
text: She takes the cover and carefully lays it over the sheets to
dialog: cover them.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. RAV’S HOUSE. HALLWAY. DAY. 58
text: Ronit and Esti walk towards the stairs and Esti sees a pair
text: of slender candlesticks. A framed picture of Ronit’s mother
text: Leah next to it.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: You should take these. Your
text: mother’s candlesticks.
text: Ronit looks at them and the picture of her mother.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: --I can’t.
text: Ronit walks away.
scene_heading: INT. RAV’S HOUSE. DINING ROOM. DAY 59
text: Ronit looks through the jumbled room, overwhelmed. Esti
text: accompanies her. There is a battery radio. Ronit tries it and
text: hears static. She finds some gangsta rap music and plays it
text: as loud as she can, which is not very loud. Her rebellion is
text: a touch feeble.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: He left it all to the synagogue.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Would you really want it?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Financial freedom? Of course not.
dialog: That would be far too easy... I
dialog: would have liked him to remember me
dialog: though, in his will. Just to have
dialog: left me a pipe.. to have named me.
text: Ronit looks at the masses of stuff, Esti watches her. Ronit
text: turns off the radio. Silence.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not going to the Hesped.
dialog: There’s no point in my being here.
dialog: I‘1l change my ticket.
text: Ronit heads for the stairs, there are piles of books
text: everywhere, the Rav was a hoarder, stacked by the wall.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. RAV’S HOUSE. UPSTAIRS. BEDROOM. DAY 60
text: Ronit tries to open the door to her old bedroom, Esti stands
text: behind her. It opens a touch but has so many boxes and books
text: in it that they can’t push the door to.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: My room..
scene_heading: INT. RAV’S HOUSE. UPSTAIRS. STUDY. DAY. 61
text: The Study has more order than the other rooms. Endless rows
text: of impeccable leather bound books in Hebrew. Silence. Ronit
text: and Esti stand at the door for a moment before going in.
text: There’s an old reading chair with a table and a lamp. Ronit
text: walks over. On the table she finds the Rav’s pipe stand, a
text: tin of tobacco, and a book. She picks it up, turns a few
dialog: pages. Enjoys it.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: That’s all he did..stay in here all
dialog: day with the Torah. And the
dialog: commentaries on the Torah. And the
dialog: notes on the commentaries, and the
dialog: debates on the notes...
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: It meant that we could do what we
dialog: wanted.
text: Ronit smiles, remembering.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: «Do you think I should go back
dialog: early?
text: Ronit really looks at Esti and for the first time Esti does
text: not avoid her gaze. Esti puts her hands on Ronit’s shoulders.
text: Then Esti moves her hands to Ronit’s chest and she puts her
text: left hand on Ronit’s breast and her right hand around Ronit’s
text: back and she puts her head to Ronit’s heart.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No. No I don’t think you should
dialog: leave at all. Ronit..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Esti..? ..When I saw you.. My
dialog: heart..
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I know..
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 47.
text: Esti wants to cry. They are full of each other. Ronit and
text: Esti breathe in this touch. Esti rocks for a moment with
text: Ronit then kisses her. Boldly. Ronit kisses her back for some
text: moments. They hold each other. Then Ronit backs off.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No..
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Why? Why not?
text: Ronit turns away. She walks out of the room. Esti takes a
text: moment to recompose herself. Then she follows.
scene_heading: INT. RAV’S HOUSE. HALLWAY. DAY. 62
text: Ronit walks down the stairs and Esti follows. At the door
text: Ronit looks around at the dark hallway.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Ronit..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I'm sorry...
text: Ronit waits for Esti, ready for something to happen. But as
text: Esti reaches her they look at each other. Ronit starts to
text: open the door to go. Esti slams it shut.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No! You don’t just walk out! Not
dialog: again! I waited Ronit! I waited
dialog: such a long time!
text: They stare at each other. Esti holds Ronit’s face. Ronit and
text: Esti kiss hard and fast and passionate for a while. But again
text: Ronit pulls away.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-Ronit.
text: Ronit walks out. Esti glances at the candlesticks and at
text: Ronit walking away.
scene_heading: EXT. HENDON STREET. DAY. 63
text: Ronit and Esti walk down a street. Ronit studies Esti, Ronit
dialog: is beyond confused.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: .-It was me who rang the shul in
dialog: New York. To let you know.
text: Ronit stops and looks at her. Esti is self-conscious.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: It was the right thing to do.
text: A couple of JEWISH MEN pass by on the sidewalk opposite; Esti
text: and Ronit try to act normal. They keep walking. Esti’s
text: wheelie shopping bag is a bit awkward to wheel.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Why did you get married Esti? Why
dialog: didn’t you just leave?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Do you remember what the Rav used
dialog: to say about marriage?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: You do..
text: Ronit almost smiles, remembering..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: «-“Will you grow old by yourself?”
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No no.. “Vill you grow old alone,
dialog: vith no family, no joys?”
text: Ronit remembers and almost laughs. Esti continues with the
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: “Dovid is a good boy, he has a
dialog: generous heart, and he's crazy
dialog: about you. Marry him!”
text: It hurts Esti to recollect the simplicity of it.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: So you were.. alright... After I
dialog: left?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No. I was.. ill..
dialog: 48A.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What sort of ill?
text: Esti shrugs.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: In my head..
dialog: The Rav was afraid for me.. and if I
dialog: was going to have to sleep with a
dialog: man why not with our best friend?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Esti..
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I think he felt marriage would
dialog: “cure” me... And it hasn’t been a
dialog: disaster.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: And that’s Enough? ..Do you have to
dialog: have sex every Friday?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: It’s expected.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: It’s medieval.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: It’s not mandatory. Nobody gets
dialog: beaten if they don’t feel like it.
text: Ronit really looks at Esti now.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: What? ..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What Happened to you?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Nothing..You happened to me.. And
dialog: then I started teaching and .. That
dialog: became important.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You can teach anywhere.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I really love the girls. And I give
dialog: them ambition.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: To do what? Have seven babies and
dialog: be a great wife?
dialog: 49,
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Don’t... I’m a good teacher. I help
dialog: them. To value themselves.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: But what about You?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: -. That is me.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Do you want a cigarette?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No. And you? Are you happy?
text: Ronit nods.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I am.
text: Esti’s happily not convinced.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Have you been with other women?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Not really.. and you?
text: Esti shakes her head. She takes Ronit’s cigarette and stops
text: to take one puff of it. Esti loves the cigarette puff and
text: this makes Ronit smile. She passes it back to Ronit and they
text: start walking again. Ronit laughs.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Your bag. It’s deeply erotic.
text: Esti shakes her head, smiles. This is all madness.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me take it.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No. You’re not frum. You don’t get
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Please?
dialog: 64
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No.. Okay, you can have a turn.
text: Ronit takes the wheelie bag, Esti takes Ronit’s cigarette and
text: they walk on.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: And children?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I have three. In the bag. All
dialog: redheads... It didn’t happen...
dialog: Everyone prayed for us. The Wives
dialog: all think Dovid’s wasted himself on
text: a barren woman.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: They don’t.
speaker_heading: ESTI
text: They do. They lust for him.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: But do you want to have children?
speaker_heading: ESTI
text: Yes. Desperately. But then
dialog: sometimes I think I willed it this
dialog: way. The air here is maybe too
dialog: thin. For me. For a child.
text: They get to the edge of the park and go in.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK. HENDON. DUSK 64
text: Ronit and Esti walk through the deserted park. They stop
text: under a white tree.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I used to love this park...
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: It’s insane that you're here. We're
dialog: here.
text: Esti laughs.. Ronit is surprised to be suddenly so moved by
text: Esti. They hold hands as they walk but Esti is cautious.
dialog: 65
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK. TENNIS COURT. NIGHT. 65
text: Ronit looks over at the old tennis court. Esti walks towards
text: the gate of the court and looks back at Ronit who follows
text: her. Esti goes into and behind the steel gate and parks her
text: wheelie bag. Ronit follows her. Esti stands against a brick
dialog: wall.
text: They look at each other for a moment. The air is heightened
text: for them -- they kiss again, in the half light, against the
text: wall, long and passionate.
text: Then a flickering light. They look like they are in a silent
text: movie. Ronit and Esti break away from each other to see why
text: the light is happening.
text: Standing fifteen yards away, staring at them -- a couple,
text: Hinda and her husband, LEV (40s). Hinda wears a long skirt
text: and holds a tennis racquet. Lev holds a racquet too.
speaker_heading: HINDA
dialog: Ronit? Is that you?
text: Esti turns white and turns away from Hinda. They’re not sure
text: how much the couple saw. Esti turns and disappears down a
text: path and past a building.
speaker_heading: HINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing in here?
text: The light comes on and bright now. Hinda and Lev start
text: walking towards Ronit, who stands there, not knowing what to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I'm just.. seeing the old places.
speaker_heading: HINDA
dialog: This is my husband, Lev. This is
dialog: Ronit, the Rav’s daughter. Remember
dialog: I told you all about her?
text: Lev stares at Ronit sternly. Ronit shields her eyes from the
text: bright light.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Hi Lev. How’s it going?
text: Lev is obviously resentful of her presence.
speaker_heading: LEV
dialog: I hear that you’re attending the
dialog: Hesped. The Rav was a truly great
dialog: man.
dialog: 53.
text: Lev’s coldness infuriates Ronit.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I know. I was his daughter. Would
dialog: you like a cigarette?
text: They both shake their heads.
speaker_heading: HINDA
dialog: Was that Rebbetzin Kuperman?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: HINDA
dialog: Whose shopping is that?
text: Ronit looks at the wheelie bag.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Mine.
text: A few seconds of tense silence. No one knows what to say.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Well.. Have a good match.
speaker_heading: HINDA
dialog: It’s really good to see you. Really
dialog: good. So good.
text: More silence... No one moves. Lev is still glaring at Ronit.
text: The tension won’t subside.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Can I?
text: Ronit indicates Hinda’s racquet which she gives to her. Ronit
text: takes a ball from Lev. Ronit bounces it a bit then serves an
text: amazing thwack of an ace to the other side. Ronit takes out
text: her wig from her bag and gives it to a puzzled Hinda. Ronit
text: leaves, lighting up a cigarette as she goes. She even manages
text: to look good trailing the wheelie bag, New Yorkish.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. NIGHT 66
text: Esti runs up to the house, in turmoil. Dovid’s car is not
text: outside. She goes into the house.
scene_heading: 67 INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. HALLWAY/STAIRS. NIGHT 67
text: Esti runs up the stairs.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: 68A
dialog: 69
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. BATHROOM. NIGHT. 68
text: Esti runs into the bathroom, she turns on the shower. She
text: sits on the edge of the bath. Takes her wig off, starts to
text: undress.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. BATHROOM. NIGHT 68A
dialog: The shower is running and Esti is in it but we do not really
text: see her, it is shower curtain and steam. A knock at the door.
speaker_heading: DOVID (0.S.)
dialog: Esti, is that you? Are you alright?
text: Esti tenses up.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Yes. I’m fine.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. LANDING/BATHROOM. NIGHT 69
text: Dovid waits outside the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Esti?
text: The shower stops.
speaker_heading: ESTI (0.S.)
dialog: I’ll be out in a minute.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: ESTI (0.S.)
dialog: Who? What?
text: Dovid opens the door a little.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You ran into the house like you
dialog: were being chased?
text: Esti is about to step out of the shower, nude, dripping wet.
text: She stares at Dovid defiantly.
text: Dovid looks at her. Feels his intrusion.
text: Suddenly, Esti steps out, still dripping, comes up to Dovid
text: and hugs him, tight and long. Dovid enjoys the embrace. He
text: starts to kiss her passionately. Esti almost responds but
dialog: then doesn’t.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Dry yourself. You’1ll get ill.
text: He hands her a towel.
scene_heading: EXT. AVENUE/ HENDON PUB. NIGHT 70
text: Ronit crosses an avenue with Esti’s wheelie bag, heads for a
dialog: bar.
scene_heading: INT. HENDON PUB. NIGHT 71
text: Suddenly, Ronit’s back in this century: noise, music, a
text: regular CROWD wearing regular clothes, texting...
text: Ronit sits at the bar. The BARMAN comes over.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: What will it be?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: A pint of lager... No.. a double
dialog: vodka and tonic.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: Ice and lemon?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Everything. If you have a straw
dialog: I’ll have one. And an umbrella.
text: The barman smiles, nods. Ronit looks around. A TV is showing
text: a football match, a goal is scored.. A group of MEN cheer.
text: Ronit takes out her mobile, checks her e-mail.
text: The Barman puts down her drink. It has a mini umbrella and
text: straw. Ronit drinks from the straw, a kid and an adult.
scene_heading: INSERT -- RONIT’S PHONE
text: The magazine cover with the Old tattooed Man is on it. And
text: pictures and text from an article “Ancient Patterns.”
text: Ronit looks at the photos... they’re so distant right now. She
text: looks at the Man.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D WHISPERS) (CONT'D)
text: The world has stopped.
text: She sighs and sucks the last dregs through her straw and
text: opens and closes the mini umbrella, not knowing what to do.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. HALLWAY/LANDING. NIGHT 72
text: Ronit walks in. Everything’s dark except for a single lamp
text: they've left on for her. She turns it off. The ritual candle
text: still burns in the living room.
text: Ronit walks up the stairs, trying to be quiet, but at the top
text: she walks into a small pile of books on the floor.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Shit.. sorry.
text: A small lamp is on underneath Dovid and Esti’s door. Ronit
text: walks slowly, but the floorboards CREAK.
text: She walks up to Esti’s door and listens.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DOVID & ESTI’S BEDROOM. NIGHT 73
text: Dovid and Esti lie in their beds, in the dark.
text: But Dovid is awake, hearing every creak outside in the
text: corridor. He sees -- the shadow of Ronit’s feet under the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DOVID ( SHOUTS)
dialog: Ronit? Are you okay?
speaker_heading: RONIT (0.S.)
dialog: Yes. Sorry I.. Walked into the
dialog: books.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: We're in bed. Good night.
text: In her bed, with her back to him -- Esti is also awake.
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' SCHOOL. CLASSROOM. DAY 74
text: Esti is in her classroom, teaching. ‘OTHELLO AND DESDEMONA”
text: is written on the board with lots of different lines saying
text: character traits in different girls’ writing under the two
dialog: names.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: So.. what stands out for you in the
dialog: play?
text: The class look at her, thinking. SARA puts her hand up.
dialog: 56A.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: The handkerchief.. With the
text: strawberries on it.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Why did that stay with you do you
dialog: think? Do you remember what
dialog: Othello says about how it was made?
text: Rita puts her hand up.
speaker_heading: RINA
dialog: He says the red of it was dye from
dialog: virgin’s blood.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: That’s right.
text: Sara puts up her hand.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: And the lies. How Iago just lies
dialog: more and more to him. And you don’t
dialog: really know why.
speaker_heading: RINA
dialog: And the killing Mrs Kuperman. That
dialog: was horrible.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: It was. Her death is very shocking.
text: Miss Scheinberg comes in and stays at the door.
speaker_heading: MISS SCHEINBERG
dialog: I’m sorry to interrupt Mrs.
dialog: Kuperman but Mrs. Shapiro needs to
dialog: see you.
text: The GIRL puts her hand down. Esti looks at the other teacher
text: warmly, but Miss Scheinberg looks troubled.
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Thank you Miss Scheinberg. I’1l go
text: in the break.
speaker_heading: MISS SCHEINBERG
dialog: “Immediately”, she said.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Oh..Keep reading the scenes in
dialog: pairs, girls.
text: Esti starts to leave. Miss Scheinberg stays to look after the
dialog: class.
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' SCHOOL. CORRIDOR. DAY. 75
text: Esti steps out into the corridor and walks towards Mrs.
text: Shapiro's office. She is nervous, terrified that this might
dialog: be to do with Ronit.
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' SCHOOL. CORRIDOR/HEADMISTRESS’ OFFICE. DAY 76
text: Esti knocks on the Headmistress's door.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAPIRO (0.S.)
dialog: Come in.
text: Esti enters and finds Mrs. Shapiro waiting for her.. with
text: Hinda and Lev. They all stare at her icily.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAPIRO (CONT'D)
dialog: Close the door, Esti. Have a seat.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. SMALL SYNAGOGUE. DAY 77
text: A group of Rabbis surround Dovid, who recites the Torah.
dialog: 78
dialog: 58.
text: DR. RIGLER ( 50s) is there too and is vaguely watching Dovid
text: who seems distracted, uncomfortable, he can’t lose himself in
text: prayer. Dovid tries harder to connect.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. HALL. DAY 78
text: DR. RIGLER (50s) addresses Dovid in front of several other
speaker_heading: MEN including GOLDFARB.
speaker_heading: RIGLER
dialog: Dovid.. You know that we would all
dialog: be very happy if you chose to take
dialog: on the Rav’s work.
text: Dovid nods, thinks.
speaker_heading: RIGLER (CONT'D)
dialog: There are always obstacles of
dialog: course to anything that is
dialog: challenging.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It would be hard to measure up to
dialog: the Rav in any meaningful way.
speaker_heading: RIGLER
dialog: And your wife. She would welcome it
dialog: if you took over the shul?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Esti will be happy with whatever
dialog: decision I make.
speaker_heading: RIGLER
dialog: And Ronit Krushka? We were
text: surprised at her being here.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Ronit is grieving. And we will make
dialog: her very welcome at the hesped.
speaker_heading: GOLDFARB
dialog: Certainly.
speaker_heading: RIGLER
dialog: And your wife? She is not
text: distracted by Ronit Krushka’s
dialog: return?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Why should she be? This is my house
dialog: you are talking about. And I keep
dialog: it in order.
dialog: 58A.
speaker_heading: RIGLER
dialog: Then do so.
text: Goldfrab breaks the tension.
speaker_heading: GOLDFARB
dialog: Let us discuss the arrangements for
dialog: the choir now..
text: Dovid stares at Rigler, angry but trying to be flexible.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: EXT. GIRLS' SCHOOL. DAY 79
text: Esti walks out of school. The TWO SECURITY GUARDS are
text: present. A few PARENTS meet their CHILDREN. Ronit walks
text: towards Esti, but Esti is very troubled to see her. She walks
text: past Ronit without looking at her, indicating with a look
text: that Ronit must follow her down a street.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Esti?
text: Esti shoots her a look: not here. She walks off down the
text: street. Ronit follows her.
text: Esti is uneasy, turns to see if anybody is watching. Esti
text: keeps going, Ronit after her.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you alright?
text: Esti nods, they turn a corner.
scene_heading: EXT. HENDON STREET. DAY 80
text: This street has fewer people. Esti relaxes a little. Finally
text: she turns to Ronit as they keep walking.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What’s happened? .. Esti?
text: Esti walks beside her, gathers herself.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Yesterday ...I behaved like an
dialog: adolescent.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: It was stupid. Senseless.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Esti.. Did someone say something?
dialog: At school?
text: Esti looks at Ronit, longing and guilt clashing inside of
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Yes.. And I live here...
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Tell me.. What did they say?
text: They get to a corner, wait for a car to pass. Ronit looks at
text: Esti -- her outfit, her headscarf, her neck. She feels moved...
text: and attracted. But also Ronit feels a touch foolish and
dialog: exposed.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: The headmistress... It doesn’t
dialog: matter. We need to stop this.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Okay...
text: Ronit is really upset, trying not to cry. Esti sees this and
dialog: can’t bear it.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Ronit.. Please...I can’t do this.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: .. Okay.
dialog: Ronit is trying to be brave..Esti tries to find the right
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: We try here Ronit. We try to lead a
dialog: good life.
speaker_heading: RONIT (GENTLE)
dialog: I know.. So do I.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I do believe.. Profoundly..
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: The word of Hashem is my life.
text: Ronit nods. She tries to gain her reason over her emotion.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: «+. I’1l leave. Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I don’t want you to go.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Esti.. I didn’t expect any of
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I thought it would be simple.. I'd
dialog: be here a few days and then I’d
dialog: leave..
text: Esti nods her head, it’s the same for her.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 62.
text: Ronit touches Esti’s face. She looks at Ronit with longing,
text: but again starts to feel conflicted. PEOPLE walk past them
text: and look. Ronit and Esti look at each other,lost, found...
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: .. Let’s go somewhere else.. Just
dialog: for a few hours. Come on.
scene_heading: INT. TUBE. DAY 81
text: Esti and Ronit stand in a full carriage, pressed close
text: together. There is a party of OLDER TEENAGE GIRLS in their
text: track suits going home from playing sport, looking at their
text: phones and gossiping. Esti closes her eyes and breathes in
text: Ronit. She opens her eyes, they look at each other, Ronit
text: gently leans her head against Esti’s neck. They subtly caress
text: through their necks and heads and even the touch of Ronit’s
text: hair upon Esti’s neck is amazing. They are completely turned
dialog: on.
scene_heading: INT. TUBE STATION. ESCALATOR. DAY. 82
text: Esti and Ronit stand on the right hand side of a long
text: escalator. They are still connected and do not move as other
text: people pass them on their left hand side, hurrying.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL LONDON STREET. TUBE STATION. DAY 83
text: Ronit and Esti walk through the frantic central London CROWD.
text: Esti looks at the people from all over the world. Her Haredi
text: attire doesn’t stand out particularly. Ronit takes Esti’s
text: hand. Esti allows it. Loves the touch.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL LONDON. BACK STREET. DAY 84
text: Ronit and Esti walk down a street full of advertisements.
text: Tense but happy. Ronit stops and kisses Esti, in the middle
dialog: of the street, they keep kissing, it’s wonderful. They look
text: at each other, with a mixture of fear and excitement. They
text: turn a corner.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL. RECEPTION. DAY. 85
text: Esti waits nervously next to Ronit as a lift arrives, a
text: BUSINESSMAN walks out. Esti and Ronit walk into the lift. It
dialog: closes.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM. DAY 86
text: Ronit and Esti stand in the hotel room. Ronit closes the door
text: behind her. Esti goes to the window and opens it and looks
text: out at the people below, the colours of life. Ronit stands
text: behind her and puts her arms around her and looks outside
text: too. Esti turns to her and they kiss.
text: Esti takes off her headscarf, then her wig. Her hair is cut
text: short and she looks beautiful to Ronit, strangely modern
text: suddenly. They make love, at last unhindered and uninhibited.
text: They are sheer chemistry, understanding... and excruciating
dialog: pleasure.
text: They whisper urgently between their kisses --
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I missed you.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I missed you...
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Esti....
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Ronit.. Ronit.
speaker_heading: LATER -- 87
text: Esti and Ronit lie on the bed, sated, happy.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Feel..
text: Esti takes Ronit’s hands and puts them on Esti’s thighs..
text: They are twitching. Ronit smiles. They look at each other.
text: Esti kisses Ronit’s hand.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: We smell the same.
text: Ronit kisses her. They touch each other, it’s wonderful.
text: Ronit runs her hand through Esti’s short hair.
text: Esti smiles, feels post coital sleepy. They caress each other
text: in silence for a few seconds. Then settle into holding each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: 87A
speaker_heading: LATER
dialog: 63A.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: I used to think about you in New
dialog: York...with your new friends.. I
dialog: tried to imagine your room..Or us
dialog: on the subway...I wrote the time
dialog: zones down and the hours so I knew
dialog: what time you were awake and
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: 87A
dialog: 64.
text: The room is darker. They have half dozed. Esti switches on a
text: light. Ronit looks at her. Esti gazes at the door.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: What?
text: Esti hesitates for a moment.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I was thinking of the Rav walking
dialog: in on us...
dialog: (in Yiddish)
dialog: “Oh Hashem, strike me dead!”
text: His face.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Don't.
text: Ronit doesn’t want to think about him. She lights up a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: .-What?
text: Ronit smiles, she is happy. There is a serenity in Esti that
text: wasn’t there before and makes her incredibly attractive.
text: Ronit sees it. She touches Esti’s skin.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I want to take your picture.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: For the Jewish Messenger?
text: Esti laughs. Ronit laughs and jumps up from bed, finds her
text: handbag and takes out her camera. She points it at Esti who
text: shakes her head.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Look at me.
text: Esti looks at Ronit and ignites. She looks so beautiful. Esti
text: is half naked and so happy and free. Ronit shoots, CLICK.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. SUCCAH. DAY. 88
text: Dovid and other RABBIS, clipboards in hand, check practical
dialog: details for the Hesped.
text: Behind them, two DELIVERY MEN are dropping off crates of
text: wine, while other Rabbis count and sign for them.
speaker_heading: YOUNG RABBI
dialog: (reads )
dialog: «Waldorf salad, three-bean salad,
dialog: barley salad, tabbouleh salad,
dialog: Moroccan salad.
text: The Rabbis nod.
speaker_heading: YOUNG RABBI (CONT’D)
dialog: Fish: Poached salmon, fried fish
dialog: balls, sweet and salty. Smoked
dialog: salmon, smoked mackerel, smoked
dialog: trout...
text: Dovid is checking the items in his own list.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAPIRO (0.S.)
dialog: Rabbi Kuperman?
text: Everyone looks up. Mrs. Shapiro is standing at the door.
dialog: Dovid feels exposed.
scene_heading: EXT. SYNAGOGUE. SUCCAH. DAY. 89
text: Dovid comes out to the corridor with Mrs. Shapiro.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Mrs. Shapiro.. We’re just preparing
dialog: for the Hesped.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAPIRO
dialog: Forgive me, Rabbi Kuperman. It’s
dialog: about Rebbetzin Kuperman. Something
dialog: has happened.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: To Esti? Is she hurt?
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAPIRO
dialog: Nothing like that... Can we go
dialog: somewhere? ( private)
text: Dovid senses her enjoying the drama..and won’t move.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Go on..
text: Dovid regards her coldly.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAPIRO
dialog: Lev and Hinda Berdichter came to
dialog: see me...
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAPIRO
dialog: Mr. Berdichter and his wife.. in the
dialog: park.. They saw Rebbetzin Kuperman
dialog: and Miss Krushka.. in a rather
dialog: confusing situation....They were..
text: in each other’s arms.. but not
text: chastely.
text: Dovid doesn’t know how to react. Dovid stares at her
text: unsympathetically.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It is a great sin to spread false
dialog: tales Mrs. Shapiro..or listen to
dialog: them. Thank you.
text: Dovid walks away from her.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DOWNSTAIRS/UPSTAIRS/ATTIC ROOM. 90
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: Dovid gets home. All the lights are out. He turns them on as
dialog: he goes.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Esti?
text: There’s no one in the living room.
text: No one in the kitchen.
text: Dovid goes upstairs, opens the door of his room: also empty.
text: He walks into the attic room, nothing. He stands there,
text: looking at Ronit's things.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. LATER. NIGHT. 91
text: Dovid sits in the living room. He stares at the ritual
text: candle, which is almost finished.
dialog: 92
dialog: 67.
text: Suddenly the flame starts to flicker and finally the flame
text: dies. Dovid’s expression hardly changes; he stares at the
text: plume of white smoke that rises.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DOVID & ESTI’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 92
text: Dovid stands by his bed, undressing into his boxers and vest.
text: Esti comes in and closes the door. They look at each other in
text: silence. Dovid starts to drag his bed towards Esti’s, joining
text: them. Esti ignores him pointedly. She sits on her bed with
text: her back to him.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Don’t...
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: We need to be close Esti. Ronit
dialog: coming back is nothing. You know
dialog: that don’t you? She’1l be gone in a
dialog: few days and then it will be us
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Dovid..
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You were infatuated with each other
dialog: once.. A crush..But this.. Us..
text: Dovid stands in front of her. Esti finally looks up at him.
text: Dovid kisses her face.. but Esti is cold.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Esti?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Are you here?
text: She doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Esti..tell me what’s going on.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Ronit will be be gone soon.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: I'd do anything for you Esti. You
dialog: know that don’t you?
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Yes... I’m sorry ..
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: For?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Anything.. That might hurt you.
text: He takes this in. Sighs. Gets into bed. He really tries to
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: What’s happened between you two?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Nothing. Nothing’s happened.
text: Esti resumes changing, mechanically, her back to him. But her
text: face reveals -- she’s suffering too.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. BATHROOM. DAY. 93
text: Esti closes the door. She feels nausea but cannot be sick.
text: She throws water on her face and looks at herself in the
dialog: mirror.
text: Suddenly it dawns on her -- like a bucket of ice water. She
text: puts her hand on her stomach and feels it.
text: Esti looks terrified.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. DAY. 94
text: Dovid and Esti sit at the table. Dovid has just finished
text: eating breakfast. Esti takes his plate to the sink. Dovid
text: notices that she hasn’t touched her food. He looks at her --
text: she’s rinsing out dishes. With the thought of the pregnancy
text: Esti has a strange new life about her, bolder, more
text: questioning although with an underlying fear.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Mrs. Shapiro made a formal
dialog: complaint about you and Ronit.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: What? She came to you?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 69.
text: Esti looks at him. Then turns back again. Dovid loses his
text: patience, he walks up to her and turns her around.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Esti.. Tell me the truth.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: What?... I kissed Ronit.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You kissed her.
text: Esti looks at him, he takes this in, is it all of the truth?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You kissed her.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Dovid suddenly feels the anger of it. He grabs Esti by the
dialog: wrists.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Esti.. What are you doing to us?
dialog: You think it’s okay to just
dialog: bulldoze our life like this?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Dovid.. Don’t!..I’ve tried! I have!
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: What do you want? To be hurt again?
dialog: Has Ronit asked you to go back with
dialog: her? No! She’1ll go back to her
dialog: friends, her men!.. And you? What’s
dialog: wrong with you, Esti? What is it?
dialog: Tell me!
text: Esti just looks at him. Dovid lets go, frustrated, he walks
text: away from her.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: We've always been honest with each
dialog: other. We have that at least.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Have we though? Have we?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Of course we have.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I got the message to Ronit about
dialog: her father! I wanted her to come
dialog: back..
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: No, no... She’s taking advantage of
dialog: you and you don’t see it. You're
dialog: blind!
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No one is taking advantage of
dialog: anyone. I wanted it to happen.
dialog: And when we were girls It was the
dialog: same... I’ve always wanted it.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: What did you do yesterday? You and
dialog: Ronit?
text: He stares at Esti, her look tells him.. Everything. Dovid
text: walks out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. ATTIC GUEST ROOM LANDING. DAY.
text: Ronit has heard them argue from the landing.
text: She listens to the door slam and Dovid go outside.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. STAIRS. DAY.
text: Esti remains motionless for a few long seconds, processing
text: everything. Then she walks up the stairs...
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’'S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM/ STAIRS. MORNING.
text: Esti gets to the top and Ronit is there.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You should leave him.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: And where would I go?
dialog: 70.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 70A.
text: Esti looks at Ronit, a challenge to her, Ronit cannot answer,
dialog: she can’t commit to them.
text: Esti looks at her, strong but hurt.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: When you left.. I wrote and wrote.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I wrote back to you.
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Three postcards. It wasn’t enough
dialog: Ronit.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You don’t have to be a victim Esti?
dialog: You can do what you want.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I’m not a victim..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You’re unhappy..
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: And you? I look at you and.. you’re
dialog: just trapped somewhere else, ina
dialog: bigger place.. in a different way..
text: The words resonate with Ronit but she is in denial.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I’m not.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Really? .. I’m late for school.
text: Esti stares at her then walks away.
scene_heading: I/E. DOVID’S CAR/ HENDON STREETS. DAY 98
text: Dovid drives slowly. He’s troubled, he has never been so
dialog: angry before.
text: Dovid stops at a red light. He switches the radio on.
text: Classical music. He turns it up loud.
text: Beside Dovid he sees a cherry picker machine with two men on
text: it in high viz jackets placing the eruv lines up on high with
dialog: thick thread and poles to mark the eruv. It used to be so
text: important but it seems irrelevant now.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 99
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: 100 I/E. DOVID’S CAR/ HARTOG’S HOUSE. DAY 100
text: Dovid slams the door of his car. He walks towards Hartog’s
text: house. He’d rather not be there. He sighs and knocks at the
dialog: door.
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' SCHOOL. CLASSROOM. MORNING. 101
text: Esti sits at her desk, completely lost in thought, while all
text: the 12 year old GIRLS wait for her next exercise. SARA raises
text: her hand.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Mrs. Kupermann?.. Mrs. Kuperman?
text: Esti glances at Sara.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: We've all finished.
text: Esti nods, perturbed.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Excuse me Sara.. Excuse me girls.
text: She gets up and walks out.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DOVID & ESTI’S BEDROOM. DAY. 102
text: Ronit hovers on the threshold of Dovid and Esti’s bedroom.
text: She walks in, feeling like a trespasser. She sees the two
text: beds. She sees Esti’s shoes next to her bed and her tights
text: hanging on the end. She sees a pile of books next to Dovid’s
text: bed. On the top is “Day by Day” by Rav Shlomo Krushka. ”
text: Thoughts on Life and Faith.” Ronit picks it up and looks at
text: the photo of her father on the back.
scene_heading: INT. HARTOG’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. DAY 103
text: The WIVES have prepared a feast. The GUESTS are enjoying the
text: food and drinks, including Kirschbaum and the CHOIR. There
text: are some suitcases stacked near the wall.
text: Dovid shakes hands with one of the choir. The Hendon Rabbis
dialog: stand around the choir who talk quietly of the Rav, we cannot
text: hear them. One of the choir nods and feels the pain of the
text: Rav’s passing; he starts to sing under his breath. Another of
text: the choir moves his head to the rhythm of the song and joins
text: in and so does another couple. They are singing gently
dialog: together for hope.
text: Dovid enjoys the singing but Kirschbaum puts his hand on
text: Dovid’s shoulder and leads him to a door. He shows him in.
dialog: 104
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. HARTOG’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. DAY 104
text: Hartog, Goldfarb, Rigler and the other Rabbis of the Board
text: turn to look at Dovid. Kirschbaum closes the door.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Dovid, please, have a seat.
text: Dovid remains standing.
speaker_heading: HARTOG (CONT'D)
dialog: There have been rumors Dovid.
speaker_heading: KIRSCHBAUM
dialog: About your wife.
speaker_heading: GOLDFARB
dialog: The community respects and admires
dialog: you.
text: Dovid tries to keep his head.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: We have found a highly recommended
dialog: seminary for Esti in Israel.
speaker_heading: KIRSCHBAUM
dialog: It provides time for reflection,
dialog: for turning to Hashem. and Esti can
dialog: spend some time with her parents
dialog: there?
text: Dovid is outraged.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Did you just say that?.. That you
dialog: want to send my wife away?
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Temporarily.
speaker_heading: GOLDFARB
dialog: For her own good.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Esti is not going anywhere..I
dialog: decide where my wife goes.
text: A heavy silence that no one dares break. Hartog looks sternly
dialog: at Dovid.
dialog: 74a.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Dovid..Ronit Krushka will not be
dialog: endured at the Hesped. Please
dialog: convey that to her.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: I will not be dictated to Moshe!
dialog: Ronit Krushka is the Rav’s only
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: And do you think he would want a
dialog: non believer to be present at his
dialog: hesped?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: I do yes.. But only Hashem and the
dialog: Rav know the answer to that.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: You want to protect the woman who
dialog: is shaming you and your wife?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: There is only shame where shame is
dialog: felt. And I feel none. We will
text: welcome Ronit with grace. She is in
dialog: mourning for the Rav.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Dovid.. Her presence will not be
dialog: tolerated. And your behaviour is
dialog: not befitting to this week of
dialog: mourning!
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You think I’m not in mourning? That
dialog: I do not grieve?
text: Dovid, bereft, angry, looks at them all and walks out of the
dialog: room.
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. GREENBERGS’ CAFE AND BAKERY. DAY. 105
text: Ronit sits with a coffee and two cakes and upon a plate by
text: the main window. She looks at “their table”, now being used
text: by strangers. The queue of cakes is three very frum women in
text: dark clothes. More orthodox costumers surround Ronit, who
text: cannot eat and simply stares out of the window, isolated.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. OFFICE CORRIDOR/PRIVATE ROOM. DUSK. 106
text: Dovid picks up some keys from an office and walks through a
text: corridor and unlocks a door. Then down another corridor and
text: he unlocks a second door. Then a third into a small and
text: amazing library. It is full of rare hebraic texts. On a table
text: are some plastic cups and a full bottle of malt whiskey. He
text: pours a glass and starts to drink it. He looks at the books,
text: puts his finger along the spines of these precious texts.
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. PRIVATE ROOM. NIGHT. 107
text: Dovid sits on the floor. He is bereft, confused and
text: profoundly sad.
scene_heading: EXT. HENDON STREET. NIGHT. 108
text: Dovid, half drunk, steps out of his car, which is still
text: running and pees into the bushes. The relief is great. It
text: seems to him that all of life is constraint and then relief
dialog: for a few seconds.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. NIGHT. 109
text: Ronit walks in and finds Esti preparing dinner, with her back
dialog: turned.
text: Esti senses Ronit and stops chopping. Ronit takes off her
text: coat and puts her bag down.
text: Esti turns around.. They look at each other, their eyes full
text: of unanswered questions.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: How are you?
text: Ronit shrugs.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Okay. You?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I’m .. Fine.
text: The front door opens. They both go quiet. Dovid is coming in.
text: He is not drunk but sort of fevered, still holding his
dialog: whiskey.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Dovid.. Do you want some dinner?
text: Dovid tries to sober up.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: .»» Yes.. Yes let’s eat something.
text: He does not sit down at the table but just stands and looks
text: at the three place settings. He places the whiskey on the
text: table. He pours out three whiskeys and raises one for himself
dialog: and to the women.
dialog: 76A.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: L'chaim!
dialog: 110
dialog: 77-78.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DINING ROOM. NIGHT. 110
text: Ronit and Dovid sit at the table. Esti serves some pasta. She
text: sits with them. Dovid prays with his eyes closed, Ronit and
text: Esti watch him, nervous.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Baruch atah Adonai Eloheinu Melech
dialog: Haolam, borai minai mezonot.
text: Dovid opens his eyes and looks at them.
text: They start to eat, in silence.. only the sound of the CUTLERY
text: against the plates, the three of them trapped in an
dialog: impossible situation.
text: Dovid notices that Esti can’t eat, about to crack from the
text: pressure. He is quietly raging but abstracted through the
dialog: drink and the situation.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT’D.. TO ESTI) (CONT’D)
dialog: You're not eating..
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I've booked a flight back. I’1l be
dialog: leaving tonight.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Oh.. Good.. That’s good..
text: Esti is wracked by the situation and by her being pregnant.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I hope that the hesped goes well..
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It will.. Now it will. And you
dialog: Esti?.. What will you do?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Dovid... It’s so.. complicated..
speaker_heading: DOVID ( TO ESTI)
dialog: Please... try.. Try to explain it to
dialog: me..
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I can’t.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Ah..
dialog: 77-78A.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I’m going to pack.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: The complication was your coming
dialog: here Ronit.. It would have been
dialog: much simpler if you’d stayed at
dialog: home. You've ignored us for
dialog: years...You should have continued
dialog: to do that.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Excuse me..
text: Esti gets up and leaves the table and goes upstairs. Dovid
text: stares at Ronit.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: What will you do when you go back?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I’m sorry.. That I’ve hurt you.
text: Dovid shakes his head, puts his head in his hands.
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: 111A
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. HALLYWAY/LIVING ROOM. NIGHT 111
text: The house is in shadows, completely silent. Ronit’s large
text: suitcase is there and her holdall. Esti walks down the stairs
text: with a large package in her hand, wrapped. She puts it into
text: Ronit’s holdall. She hears Ronit on the stair now and watches
text: her walk down to her.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Ronit?.. You’re leaving again?
text: Ronit looks at her: “Yes”. Esti nods, defiantly.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: --It’s easier to leave....
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Esti..
text: Ronit is devastated, she touches Esti’s face. She invites
text: Esti to kiss her but Esti simply looks at her. Ronit
text: retreats, takes her bags and steps outside.
scene_heading: EXT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE 111A
text: The DOOR SLAMS behind her, devastating.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH STREET. NIGHT 112
text: Shaken, Ronit walks down a street pulling her large suitcase
dialog: and holdall.
text: She hails a lone taxi.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DOVID & ESTI’S BEDROOM. NIGHT 113
text: Esti looks over at Dovid, fast asleep in his bed.
scene_heading: EXT. HENDON UNDERPASS. NIGHT. 114
text: Esti walks through a tiled underpass, lit brutally.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT BUS. NIGHT. 115
text: Esti sits on the top deck of a night bus. All manner of
text: NIGHTHAWKS are on it, CLUBBERS and CLEANERS and tired people.
text: Esti is both fascinated and nervous.
scene_heading: EXT. ALL NIGHT PHARMACY. NIGHT 116
text: Everything is shut except for the 24 hour Pharmacy. There is
text: not a soul about. We see Esti through the window, searching
text: the aisles then taking a_ product.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT 117
text: Esti sits on the hotel bed which she and Ronit shared. She
text: has nothing except the paper bag from the pharmacy. A glass
text: of water next to her bed. She looks at the bag, ready to open
text: it. She looks lonely and conflicted. She stands up and begins
text: to pray. She rocks a little with it.
scene_heading: EXT. HEATHROW AIRPORT. WAITING AREA. DAWN 118
text: Ronit tries to sleep on some fixed chairs, she is deeply
text: uncomfortable and the airport is deserted bar a few WORKERS.
text: One FEMALE CLEANER, Polish, 50s, pushes an industrial vacuum
text: cleaner around, it makes a loud noise and Ronit wakes with
dialog: it.
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW AIRPORT. CHECK IN DESK. DAWN 119
text: Ronit stands in line to check-in her large suitcase at the
text: counter. Her mobile RINGS.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Hello? .. Dovid..? ..What? No she’s
dialog: not with me...
text: Ronit listens for a moment. She gets upset.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: When did you last see her?...
dialog: She’1l be back..
text: SOMEBODY behind her nudges her. It’s Ronit’s turn.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to go now. I’1l call you
dialog: when I’ve gone through security.
text: She hangs up and goes to the counter.
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW AIRPORT. SECURITY CHECK. DAWN 120
text: Ronit puts her carry-on wheelie bag and holdall in the X-ray
text: machine. She goes through the metal detector.
text: The AGENT checking the monitor calls her.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Is this your bag?
text: Ronit sees, IN THE X-RAY MONITOR -- the thin metal shape of
text: the candlesticks in negative colors.
speaker_heading: AGENT (CONT’D)
dialog: Is that metal?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: .- Yes.
text: The image hits her.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: They're candlesticks.. They’re not
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: They belong to someone else?
text: Ronit speaks almost to herself.
speaker_heading: 81A.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: They’re my mother’s...
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Your mother? Is she travelling?
text: Ronit is suddenly hit by the fact that she has no parents.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No... no she died.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: You can’t take them with you.
text: Another AGENT unwraps and hands the candlesticks to the first
text: AGENT. Ronit stares at them.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: And my father died.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: You can’t take them on the plane.
dialog: You'll have to leave them here.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I... I can’t.
text: The whole of the last week hits Ronit and she is paralyzed by
text: it. Ronit feels like an abandoned child.
speaker_heading: RONIT (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m really sorry ..I thought I
dialog: could leave them behind.. but I
dialog: can’t... I can’t.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Yes.. No..
text: Ronit cannot move for a moment.. Other PEOPLE are having to
text: walk past her.
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Do you want some water?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No. I just need to go back.
text: The Agent waits for her to come to. Another Agent comes
text: around from behind with a plastic chair for her.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Alright?
text: Ronit sits down carefully in the chair, disorientated.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I can’t leave. I can’t get on the
dialog: plane.
text: The Agent,puzzled, gets onto his walkie talkie. Ronit waits.
scene_heading: EXT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. DAY. 121
text: Ronit gets out of a cab with her luggage. Dovid is leaving
text: the house, going to look for Esti.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: She's gone Ronit. She’s left me.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: She won't have just disappeared...
dialog: Wait..
text: Ronit goes up to the house and puts her luggage inside. Dovid
text: gets into his car. Ronit comes down and tries to open the
text: passenger door but he has locked it. She taps the window. He
text: unlocks it. Ronit gets in and they drive away.
speaker_heading: OMITTED. 122
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 123 I/E. DOVID'S CAR. DAY 123
text: Ronit and Dovid ride in his car.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Did you want this to happen?
dialog: Between you two?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I didn’t think about it.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Exactly! And now?
text: Ronit doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: You have a choice Ronit.. Your
dialog: being here is destroying us.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Your marriage existed for years
dialog: before I arrived Dovid, I only just
dialog: got here.
scene_heading: 123A EXT. RAV’S HOUSE. DAY 123A
text: They get to the Rav's house, get out of the car.
text: The front door is locked. Dovid unlocks it with a key from
text: his large ring of keys...
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: 125A
speaker_heading: 125B
dialog: 126
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. RAV’S HOUSE. HALLWAY/ LIVING ROOM DAY 124
text: The house is completely empty, ready for the renovations to
dialog: begin.
text: Dovid runs upstairs.
speaker_heading: DOVID (0.S.)
dialog: Esti..! Esti?
text: It hits Ronit to see the house like that -- her childhood
text: home and all that remained of her father, cleared away, gone.
text: Dovid returns to the living room. Ronit looks at the empty
dialog: walls.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM. DAY. 125
text: Esti lies motionless on the bed. The paper bag is on the
text: floor. She is in the deepest of sleeps and deathly pale.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. DOVID’S CAR. STREET NEAR PARK. DAY 125A
text: Dovid and Ronit drive along in silence.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Try the park.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: I can’t live without her Ronit.
dialog: She’s my soul mate - my B’shert
text: Ronit nods, perhaps she cannot either, Dovid sense this and
dialog: is angry, perhaps Ronit has come back to win her?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. DOVID’S CAR. STREET NEAR PARK. 125B
text: Dovid waits in the car. Takes one of Ronit’s cigarettes. Then
text: gets out the car and starts smoking, looking around, in a
dialog: slightly paralyzed state.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK. HENDON. DUSK 126
text: Ronit walks in the park. The winter sun is setting. There’s
text: no one in sight.
dialog: 85A.
text: Ronit gets to the tree where she and Esti held hands. She
text: looks at some bushes nearby. She can almost sense Esti hiding
dialog: there...
scene_heading: 127 I/E. DOVID’S CAR/ HENDON STREETS. NIGHT. 127
text: Ronit and Dovid drive around in his car, silent, worried.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You think you understand but you
dialog: don’t.... I have always accepted
dialog: that Esti can only love me ina
dialog: certain way.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: And you think that’s honest? To
dialog: live like that.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: It’s decent.
text: Darkness has fallen.
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: OMITTED.
dialog: 86-88.
dialog: 128
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. THE HALLWAY. NIGHT. 129
text: Dovid and Ronit are taking off their coats. Dovid walks to
text: the base of the stairs.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Esti?!
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: I wished she never contacted you.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: She did the right thing. My father
dialog: died... And you weren’t even going
dialog: to tell me.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Can you see why I didn’t, I was
dialog: protecting my wife.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You're a good man Dovid but you’re
text: not protecting her.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Yes I am, I am protecting Esti from
dialog: herself. The healthy relationship
text: is between a man and a woman. It’s
dialog: human to have immoral thoughts. To
dialog: act on them is an Aveira.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: So if we're sick why does it feel
dialog: so good between me and Esti?
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Damn you, Ronit, I’m her husband.
dialog: She's my wife!
text: The phone rings. Dovid grabs it, hopeful, but it’s not Esti.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?.. Yes I’1l be at the
text: rehearsal. Shortly.
text: He puts the phone down.
dialog: 86-88A.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
text: They’re all at the synagogue.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Wonderful...
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You think you understand but you
dialog: don’t.... I have always accepted
dialog: that Esti can only love me ina
dialog: certain way.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: And you think that’s honest? To
dialog: live like that.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: She’s my soul mate - my B’shert.
dialog: And you're trying to tempt her
dialog: away. Did you want this to happen?
dialog: Between you two?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: You gave it no thought! Exactly!
dialog: The same as before!.. And now?
text: Ronit doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: You have a choice Ronit.. Your
dialog: being here is destroying us.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Then your marriage had problems, I
dialog: only just got here.
text: The phone RINGS again. Dovid picks up, listens.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: I said I was coming!
text: He hangs up.
text: Dovid looks at Ronit, rage present and not far from violence.
text: Suddenly, floorboards CREAK. Dovid and Ronit turn --
text: Esti walks down the stairs. She’s been there the whole time
dialog: and has heard everything.
dialog: 86-88B.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Esti. Where have you been?
text: Esti looks strangely serene.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I want you to give me my freedom.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: What? Esti... Come here.
text: Esti walks over to him, oddly calm. He puts his arms around
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: I was terrified...
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I didn’t mean for you to worry..
dialog: I’m pregnant.
text: Silence. Ronit and Dovid are astonished with the news. Dovid
text: breathes.. He wants to cry with the brilliant news which will
text: solve all the problems. He feels her stomach.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: A child then. We’ll have a child.
text: Hashem is looking over us.
text: Dovid is quietly jubilant, relieved. Esti holds her nerve.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I don’t think that we should be
dialog: together anymore.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Hashem has given us a life to
dialog: protect Esti. Together. This is his
dialog: wish.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No.
text: Dovid is suddenly afraid, seeing how calm Esti is.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: I was born in this community. I had
dialog: no choice. I want my child to be
dialog: free to decide ..
text: Esti holds his gaze, with quiet determination. Dovid realizes
dialog: how serious she is.
dialog: 86-88C.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Esti! We’ve waited so long for
dialog: this!
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Please.. give me my freedom.
text: The phone RINGS again. Dovid ignores the ringing, desperate.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: And Hashem?
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Hashem made me this way. If He
dialog: wishes to punish me, that is His
dialog: right. But it is my right to
dialog: disobey.
text: Dovid hangs the phone up.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: No..
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Dovid..
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Stay out of it.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I can't... you and Esti are my only
dialog: family.
text: Dovid is speechless. He gets up and goes out the front door,
dialog: overwhelmed.
text: Esti goes after him. Ronit is too shocked to react.
dialog: 130
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 130
text: Esti comes out in time to see Dovid opening the door of his
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Dovid!
text: He turns -- deeply hurt. It’s almost more than Esti can bear.
text: She stops dead, suddenly crushed by guilt, and watches Dovid
dialog: get in and drive away.
text: Ronit comes outside and finds Esti on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s all he ever wanted. He’s
dialog: watched everyone else and never
dialog: once complained. He so wants a
dialog: child.
text: Ronit holds her.
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Our one time to be joyful and I
dialog: killed him...
text: Esti stares after Dovid’s absence. Ronit looks at her,
dialog: excluded.
scene_heading: EXT. HENDON STREETS. NIGHT. 131
text: Ronit and Esti walk, a little intimidated, in the river of
text: PEOPLE who are going to the hesped.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: It’s all he ever wanted. He’s
dialog: watched everyone else and never
dialog: once complained. He so wants a
dialog: child.
text: Ronit holds her.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Our one time to be joyful and I
dialog: killed him...
text: Ronit sees Fruma, who looks down at the ground. Ronit crosses
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Fruma. I’m not trying to upset
dialog: anyone. I need to honour my father.
text: Fruma nods, she has heard the rumours and cannot ignore them
text: and walks away from Ronit.
scene_heading: EXT. SYNAGOGUE. NIGHT 132
text: Ronit and Esti get to the synagogue. Everybody’s going in,
text: the hesped is starting.
text: Esti sees Dovid’s car parked outside, but no sign of him. She
dialog: goes in.
text: Ronit looks at the temple for a moment.. she can’t go inside.
text: Esti sees her outside. Waits for her.
text: Ronit steels herself and then follows Esti inside.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE - FOYER -- NIGHT 133
text: Esti looks around the foyer -- MEN filing into the hall,
text: WOMEN heading upstairs.
dialog: 90A.
text: She sees Dovid walking towards the far door of the hall, with
dialog: Hartog and Goldfarb.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Dovid!
text: He doesn’t hear her. Esti tries to reach him, but the line of
text: staring MEN makes it impossible. Esti confronts him. The Men
text: disapprove. Esti takes his arm and they walk to a quiet
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Dovid...
dialog: 134
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Esti.. please tell me you've
dialog: changed your mind.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: No.. But I want you to be in our
dialog: child’s life.
text: A Rabbi waves Dovid over and he puts up a hand to say he
dialog: can’t come over.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Go. And speak. I’ve always been
dialog: very proud.. to be your wife.
text: Dovid reluctantly leaves Esti alone.
text: Esti rejoins Ronit and they walk up the wooden stairs towards
dialog: the Women’s Section.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. WOMEN’S SECTION. NIGHT 134
text: Ronit and Esti walk down the centre aisle towards the empty
text: front row, oblivious to the looks some Women give them. They
text: sit, apart from the others.
text: The Hall waits in silence. Ronit and Esti see...
speaker_heading: DOWNSTAIRS --
text: Next to the podium, there’s a large PHOTO OF RAV SHLOMOH BEN
text: DOVID KRUSHKA, with his beard and his hat.. and a kind light
text: shining in his eyes.
text: The Beth El Cantor Choir take the podium, in two rows. Their
text: Conductor gives the signal and they start chanting a soulful
text: and melodious funeral prayer.
speaker_heading: BETH EL CHOIR
dialog: (sing)
dialog: Al molay rachamim,
dialog: shochayn bam’romim,
dialog: ham-tzay m’nucha n’chona
dialog: al kanfay Hash’china..
scene_heading: IN THE WOMEN’S SECTION --
text: Ronit finds herself deeply touched by the music, the temple.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: BETH EL CHOIR (CONT'D)
dialog: b’ma-alot k’doshim ut-horim
dialog: k’zo-har haraki-a mazhirim,
dialog: et nishmat Shloimoh ben Dovid...
text: Ronit hears her father’s name and something clicks in her.
text: She gazes at his photograph.
text: Esti looks around the hall downstairs and finally spots --
text: Dovid, sitting in one of the front rows.
speaker_heading: BETH EL CHOIR (CONT'D)
dialog: »She-halach l-olama,
dialog: ba-avur shenodvu tz’dakah
dialog: b’ad hazkarat nishmata.
speaker_heading: DOWNSTAIRS --
text: Dovid looks like he needs air. He loosens his tie, then
text: tightens it back up. He notices that Hartog and Goldfarb,
text: sitting in his row, are looking at him with concern.
speaker_heading: BETH EL CHOIR (CONT'D)
dialog: B’Gan Ayden t’hay m’nuchata;
dialog: la-chayn Ba-al Harachamin..
text: Dovid can’t take it. He suddenly stands up and heads out.
scene_heading: IN THE WOMEN’S SECTION --
text: Esti sees Dovid walking down the side aisle towards the exit.
speaker_heading: BETH EL CHOIR (CONT'D)
dialog: «yas-tire-ha b’sayter k’nafav
dialog: 1’olamim,
dialog: v’yitz-ror bitz-ror hacha-yim et
dialog: nishmatah,...
text: Esti turns to Ronit, and sees that she’s touched by the
text: music, looking at the photo. Esti can’t help feeling moved.
speaker_heading: BETH EL CHOIR (CONT'D)
dialog: .Ado-nay Hu na-chalatah, v’tanu-ach
dialog: b’shalom al mishkavah.
dialog: V’nomar: Amayn.
text: Ronit joins the Hall in replying a heartfelt:
speaker_heading: HALL
dialog: Amen.
text: A tear rolls down Ronit’s face. Esti squeezes her hand in
text: support. Ronit looks at her, whispers.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Be with me.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Come to New York. Have the baby.
dialog: And be with me.
text: Esti looks at her, shocked, excited, confused. She holds
text: Ronit’s hand tight as she looks back to the front. Other
text: Women look at them and their hand holding. Ronit looks
text: forward again. Esti holds Ronit’s hand so tight.
speaker_heading: DOWNSTAIRS --
text: Hartog takes the podium.
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Rav Krushka’s departure leaves us
text: facing a void, bewildered. Today,
dialog: we take comfort in knowing that his
dialog: legacy will be preserved and
text: carried through to the next
dialog: generations.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. FOYER. NIGHT 135
text: Dovid stands outside the door to the hall, in the deserted
text: foyer. He’s pale and out of breath.
speaker_heading: HARTOG (0.S.)
dialog: I call upon a new voice, Rav
dialog: Krushka’s closest disciple,
dialog: spiritual son and successor, Rabbi
dialog: Dovid Kuperman.
text: Dovid doesn’t move.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. WOMEN’S SECTION. NIGHT 136
text: Esti and Ronit wait for Dovid to appear. Esti’s fists are
text: white with tension.
speaker_heading: DOWNSTAIRS --
text: Hartog looks around.. nothing. Then he looks up, and sees
text: Ronit and Esti in the women’s section. He takes it in.
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: HARTOG
dialog: Rabbi Kuperman?
text: Nothing. People start looking around.
text: Dovid stands inside the door. He looks at the hall for a few
text: seconds.. He takes a deep breath, gathering his strength, and
text: starts for the podium, down one of the side aisles.
scene_heading: IN THE WOMEN’S SECTION --
text: Ronit and Esti watch Dovid approaching the podium. Hartog
text: steps down.
speaker_heading: DOWNSTAIRS --
text: Dovid steps up to the podium. He looks at the crowd for a
text: moment, the faces he knows so well, but doesn’t see Esti and
dialog: Ronit yet.
text: He takes a deep breath and starts to deliver, rather
text: mechanically, the speech he memorized.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Rav Krushka often spoke about the
dialog: duty of the teacher, the duty...
text: He loses his train of thought and cannot speak for a moment.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry. I can’t.....
text: He can’t go through with the official speech. He looks for
text: something truthful to say. He sees Ronit.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: The Rav’s only daughter Ronit
dialog: Krushka is here with us today.
text: He indicates Ronit, looks at her then back to the gathering.
text: The Elders are annoyed.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: The Rav’s final words to u
dialog: 
text: Dovid stops, not knowing where he’s going.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: .-Why did he choose to discuss the
dialog: idea of choice? .. And .. Freedom.
dialog: There is nothing so.. tender..
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: or truthful.. as the true feeling
dialog: of .. Being free.
text: He looks at the hall, tense. Everybody’s listening.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Free.. To choose.
text: He hesitates, he looks up at the women’s section and sees --
text: Esti is looking at him, with deep love.
text: And seeing her triggers something in him. He looks at Esti
text: and Ronit with love beyond blame.
dialog: He knows what he must do.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: The Rav was a giant of Torah. But
dialog: it wasn’t a giant that we saw
text: collapse that day, but a man.
text: His words start raising some eyebrows, but he speaks with
dialog: captivating honesty.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: He talked of the angels.. and the
dialog: desires of the beasts. With his
dialog: last breath, the Rav reminded us of
dialog: this: we are free to choose.
text: He looks up at Esti.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: You are free.
text: Esti understands, moved. Ronit is also deeply touched.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: (to all)
dialog: You are free.
text: His passion has captured the synagogue. Dovid remains silent
text: for a few moments.
speaker_heading: DOVID (CONT'D)
dialog: I cannot accept the honour or
dialog: position that is offered to me. I
dialog: do not have sufficient...
dialog: understanding. Please forgive me.
text: The room stands still.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 96.
text: Dovid steps off the podium.. and heads quietly to the door.
text: Hartog is in shock.
scene_heading: IN THE WOMEN’S SECTION --
text: Esti and Ronit stand up and head for the exit.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE. STAIRS/FOYER. NIGHT 137
text: Ronit follows Esti down the stairs to the foyer.
text: Esti stops for a moment.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Ronit..
text: Ronit stops too.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t come with you.
text: Ronit takes a moment, but understands.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: I know.
text: Esti walks on and is the first one outside the door. Ronit
text: follows.
scene_heading: EXT. SYNAGOGUE. NIGHT 138
text: Ronit comes out and sees --
text: Dovid standing in the middle of the empty street. Esti
text: approaches him. She hugs him tight.
text: Ronit watches, moved.
text: Dovid sees her.. and opens one arm to include her.
text: Ronit joins them, and the three melt into an awkward but
dialog: heartfelt embrace: Family.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK. HENDON. DAWN 139
text: At first light -- the tree where Ronit and Esti held hands,
text: surrounded by mist.
text: The tennis court looks incredibly cold, uninhabited.
dialog: 96A.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. HENDON STREET. DAWN 140
dialog: The thread of the eruv. Wind...
scene_heading: 140A EXT. DOVID’S HOUSE. DAWN. 140A
text: The house is quiet.
scene_heading: 141 INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. ATTIC GUEST ROOM. DAWN. 141
text: Ronit lies in bed. It is dawn and some light comes through
text: the window. She watches the dust motes in the air. She hasn’t
dialog: slept much.
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE. LANDING. DAWN. 142
text: Ronit is dressed and packs her carry on, her candlesticks,
text: last bits of clothes. Walks down the stairs trying not to
text: make any noise with her bags, but the floorboards CREAK.
text: As Ronit walks, Dovid opens his bedroom door, still half-
text: asleep. Ronit stops for a moment to look at him.
speaker_heading: DOVID
dialog: Shalom.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Shalom Dovid.
text: Ronit walks to him and puts her hand on Dovid’s arm, he
text: accepts the touch.
text: Ronit walks down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. DOVID & ESTI’'S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM/ HALLWAY. DAWN. 143
text: Downstairs in the living room, Esti sits up on the couch
text: where she has relocated herself. Her hair is natural, no wig
dialog: or scarf.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Morning.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Good morning..
text: They feel self-conscious with Dovid nearby. They hear a CAR
text: pull up outside. Dovid goes back to his room, leaves them to
text: be alone. The cab honks.
text: Ronit crosses to Esti and perches near to her.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: When the Rav was dying he took my
dialog: hand and he looked into my eyes and
dialog: he said “Ronit”. He thought I was
dialog: you. He was thinking of you.
text: Ronit takes this in.
text: Ronit and Esti look at each other in silence.. everything
text: unsaid. Ronit heads to the door. Esti looks at her with
dialog: sadness.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: “May you live a long life!”
speaker_heading: 97A.
text: Ronit smiles at her and steps out.
dialog: 144
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: E/I. DOVID & ESTI’S HOUSE/ TAXI. DAWN 144
text: Ronit closes the door and walks to a taxi, waiting in the
text: misty street.
text: The DRIVER gets out when he sees her coming. He takes her
text: luggage and puts it in the trunk.
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: Heathrow is it?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Yes.
dialog: They get in.
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: Which terminal?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Five.. thanks.
text: The taxi starts. Just as it’s pulling away..
speaker_heading: ESTI (0.S.)
dialog: Ronit!
text: Ronit turns and sees Esti rushing towards the cab.
speaker_heading: ESTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait!
text: The cab stops. Esti opens the door, gets inside, and gives
text: Ronit a long kiss on the mouth... she’s radiant. Ronit wants to
dialog: cry.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: You’1l be a brilliant mother.
dialog: Brave. Beautiful. Don’t let anyone
dialog: hurt her.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: I won't.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Will you call me?.. Tell me where
dialog: you are.
speaker_heading: ESTI
dialog: Yes.. Yes..I will.
text: Esti gets out quick, shuts the door. Their eyes connect.
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 99.
text: The taxi drives away. Ronit looks back at Esti, until they
dialog: turn the corner.
scene_heading: INT. CAB. HENDON/CEMETERY STREET. DAWN. 145
text: Ronit watches the streets disappear and now she sees the
text: cemetery wall as they drive past it.
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: Sorry.. Sorry could we just stop
dialog: here for five minutes? Thanks..
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY. CAR PARK. DAWN 146
text: The cab stops. Ronit gets out. And walks towards the
speaker_heading: ENTRANCE.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY. DAWN 147
text: Ronit walks in the cemetery, deserted at that hour. She holds
dialog: her camera.
text: The gravestones are surrounded by mist, lit by the first rays
dialog: of sunlight.
text: Ronit walks through the graves. Focused, alive, feeling.
text: She gets to her father’s grave. Feels the earth a touch.
text: She looks at the sky. She points at the grave, focuses...
speaker_heading: CLICK.
text: Ronit lowers the camera. Her face is lost in emotion, still
text: gazing at the grave.
scene_heading: INT. YELLOW CAB. NEW YORK. DAY. 148
text: Ronit sits at the back of a cab. She looks through the window
text: at the skyline and lots of wires in a beautiful pattern as
text: the cab crosses a bridge. An OLD AFRICAN AMERICAN CAB DRIVER
text: catches her eye. He is playing some fantastic drums music.
text: Ronit stares towards the Babylon of New York across the
dialog: bridge.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: You want the music down?
speaker_heading: RONIT
dialog: No. No. Turn it up.
dialog: 100.
text: The cabbie turns up the music. Ronit is full or life as she
text: stares at the expanse of iron and sky above her, the water
text: below and the humming city beyond.
speaker_heading: THE END.
dialog: 
