speaker_heading: DOWNSIZING
dialog: by
dialog: Alexander Payne
dialog: &
dialog: Jim Taylor
text: THIS MATERIAL IS THE PROPERTY OF PARAMOUNT PICTURES AND IS
text: INTENDED AND RESTRICTED SOLELY FOR PARAMOUNT PICTURES PERSONNEL.
scene_heading: DISTRIBUTION OR DISCLOSURE OF THIS MATERIAL TO UNAUTHORIZED
text: PERSONS IS PROHIBITED. THE SALE, DISPLAY, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION
text: OF THIS MATERIAL FOR ANY REASON IN ANY FORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT
text: LIMITED TO DIGITAL OR NEW MEDIA, IS ALSO PROHIBITED.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: The rustic yet comfortable dwelling of a 16-PERSON CLAN. All
text: are dressed in fur and leather, their hair long and braided.
text: Small fires burn for warmth and cooking.
text: Women clean up after a meal. Men smoke pipes and converse in
text: a language at once foreign and familiar, a blend of Nordic
text: tongues and English. Children chase one another and play with
text: simple wooden toys.
text: A young BOY intrudes on the adults to tug on the arm of
text: TERGEHL, an elder of the clan.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Come, grandfather, tell us a story.
text: A weary Tergehl gently declines.
speaker_heading: BOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Please. Please tell us a story.
text: Tergehl soon finds himself surrounded by a riot of begging
text: faces. The adults look on with amusement, quietly sharing the
text: children’s eagerness.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yes, Tergehl, it has been many
dialog: lochnars since we have heard one.
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Shall we hear a story?
text: All chime in vigorously -- “Yes! Yes! A story!"
speaker_heading: TERGEHL
dialog: All right. I will tell a story. But
dialog: then you must all promise to go to
dialog: bed.
text: The adults chuckle, the children shriek in delight, and all
dialog: vow to be good.
text: LATER --- The clan have gathered around Tergehl, the children
text: at his feet, eyes glimmering.
text: Grasping a gnarled staff, Tergehl scratches his chin as if the
dialog: story he knows so well were difficult to recall.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (CONT’D)
dialog: Long, long ago, the world was very
dialog: different. Giants walked the land.
dialog: There were so many giants that you
dialog: could not count them all even if you
dialog: counted for your entire life.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (CONT'D)
dialog: These giants had enormous brains.
dialog: They could speak to one another
dialog: across great distances. They taught
dialog: themselves to fly and traveled
dialog: wherever they wished, even to the
dialog: moon and the stars. Yet despite
dialog: these great powers, the giants were
dialog: not happy. They spoke in different
dialog: tongues, worshipped different gods,
dialog: and fought bitterly against one
dialog: another. No matter how much they
dialog: ate, the giants always wanted more.
dialog: They killed all the animals, chopped
dialog: down all the forests, fished all the
dialog: seas. And their fires warmed the
text: entire world, making it unbearably
dialog: hot.
text: As Tergehl continues, we are transported to --
scene_heading: EXT. EDVARDSEN INSTITUTE - DAY
text: A small, tranquil “campus” of buildings.
scene_heading: EDVARDSEN INSTITUTE
dialog: Bergen, Norway
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: But in one of their lands, there
dialog: lived a clever wizard named Asborg6én.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - DAY
scene_heading: DR. JORGEN ASBJ®RNSEN -- fifties, balding, closely trimmed
text: beard -- works in his private lab, weary and alone.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
text: Saddened by his greedy fellow giants,
dialog: Asborg6én wished to change their
dialog: harmful ways and end their needless
dialog: suffering. For years he labored with
dialog: his powders and potions until one
dialog: day...
text: Dr. Asbj@rnsen sedates a rat, then gives it an injection
text: before placing it inside a stainless steel device the size of
text: a microwave.
text: He makes notes, flips a switch, and watches a timer count
dialog: down to zero. DING!
text: Long accustomed to failure, Dr. Asbjo@rnsen opens the door of
text: the device with little expectation. Today, however, his eyes
text: widen in amazement.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Dr. Asbj@rnsen sprints down a corridor and into a stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE - DAY
text: Bypassing the secretary, Dr. Asbjornsen bursts into the inner
text: office of institute director DR. ANDREAS JACOBSEN.
scene_heading: DR. JACOBSEN
dialog: (Norwegian)
dialog: Yes, Jorgen?
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: We’ve got it. It works.
text: Dr. Jacobsen rises from his desk. The men embrace.
scene_heading: EXT. ASBJ@RNSEN HOUSE - DAY
text: Electric cars and bicycles are parked outside.
scene_heading: EXT. ASBJ@RNSEN BACKYARD - DAY
text: Thirty-five conscientious SCANDINAVIANS -- natural fibers,
text: beards, Birkenstocks -- eat, drink and mingle on a crisp,
text: sunny afternoon.
scene_heading: INT. ASBJ@RNSEN KITCHEN - DAY
text: Dr. Asbjornsen looks out the window at his happy guests.
text: Unlike them, he seems troubled and uncertain.
text: Handsome wife ANNE-HELENE approaches to place a comforting
text: hand on his chest.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: What if it’s a mistake? A terrible
dialog: mistake?
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: Don’t be afraid, Jorgen. You know
dialog: it’s the right thing. We all do. You
dialog: were born to make this happen.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
text: Dr. Asbj@rnsen nods slightly. Summoning confidence, he takes
text: Anne-Helene’s hand and leads her outside.
scene_heading: EXT. ASBJ@RNSEN BACKYARD - DAY 10
text: Standing on the deck, Dr. Asbjornsen clinks a knife to a glass
dialog: and speaks now in English.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: Thank you, everyone. Thank you for
dialog: coming today, but more importantly I
dialog: want to thank you for your dedication
dialog: and hard work these past many months.
text: Smiles and applause.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Now then. You have probably guessed
dialog: that I have something very exciting
dialog: to announce -- very exciting, indeed.
dialog: (then --)
dialog: It is time.
text: A moment of hushed jubilation.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
dialog: No doubt the generations to come --
dialog: perhaps all of humanity -- will thank
dialog: you for your bravery and commitment.
dialog: But today each of you must ask
dialog: whether you are truly ready to enter
dialog: this new world, for there will be no
dialog: turning back. So I ask you -- are
dialog: you ready?
speaker_heading: THE GROUP
dialog: Yes! Yes! We are ready!
text: PAN around the eager faces of all gathered.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT 11
text: MATCHING PAN of the troglodytes.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL
dialog: So Asborgén cast a spell over his
dialog: brave young warriors, and together
dialog: they set out to live as none of them
dialog: had ever lived before. These were
dialog: the first of our kind.
text: The children look up at the elders, who nod knowingly.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: Al4
dialog: 14
scene_heading: EXT. ISTANBUL - DAY 12
text: A WIDE SHOT of the city.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Seasons passed. The warriors
dialog: thrived. And Asborgén resolved to
dialog: spread word of his great discovery to
dialog: all of the giants in all of the
dialog: lands.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFERENCE CENTER - DAY 13
text: This structure hosts exhibit halls, auditoria and meeting
text: rooms. An electronic sign displays the name of the current
scene_heading: conference -- GLOBAL SOLUTIONS: TECHNOLOGY FOR TOMORROW.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (PRE-LAP)
dialog: For nearly a century the Edvardsen
dialog: Institute has been one of the few
dialog: truly visionary research
dialog: organizations, working entirely
dialog: without government or commercial
dialog: sponsorship...
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE CENTER - DAY Al4
text: Participants check-in at a REGISTRATION TABLE, sip coffee and
text: mingle with their colleagues.
text: OUTSIDE AN AUDITORIUM -- A sign announces one of many morning
dialog: presentations:
scene_heading: HUMAN SCALE AND SUSTAINABILITY
scene_heading: JACOBSEN & ASBJG@RNSEN, EDVARDSEN INSTITUTE
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY 14
text: The voice belongs to conference president DR. PAOLO PEREIRA,
text: who addresses a crowded hall.
speaker_heading: DR. PEREIRA
dialog: ..-and today I’m sure you will agree
dialog: they have far exceeded even their
dialog: many impressive achievements of the
dialog: past. It gives me great pleasure to
dialog: welcome the director of the institute
dialog: and my old friend Dr. Andreas
dialog: Jacobsen, along with his colleague,
dialog: Dr. Jorgen Asbjornsen.
text: Dr. Jacobsen emerges carrying a wooden box which he sets atop
text: the podium.
scene_heading: DR. JACOBSEN
dialog: Thank you, Dr. Pereira. Seventy-five
dialog: years ago, Mrs. Nellie Edvardsen,
dialog: overcome with guilt by the fortune
dialog: her late husband’s family had amassed
dialog: producing mustard gas during World
dialog: War I, founded our institute so that
dialog: the wonders of science could instead
dialog: be used to help mankind. Our mission
dialog: is to combat poverty, disease,
dialog: natural disasters and other
text: calamities that arise over time. In
dialog: the 1950s, the institute identified
dialog: over-population as mankind’s single
dialog: greatest long-term threat, the source
dialog: of all the catastrophes we are seeing
dialog: today -- extreme climate and weather
dialog: events, and the devastating impact on
dialog: food and water security. Among the
dialog: many solutions we conceived so many
dialog: years ago, one which seemed then so
dialog: ambitious, so outside our grasp, has
dialog: at last borne fruit. Today we are
dialog: proud to unveil what we fervently
dialog: believe to be the only practical,
dialog: humane and inclusive remedy to
dialog: humanity’s gravest problem. Dr.
dialog: Jorgen Asbjornsen will now present
dialog: his findings. Are you ready, doctor?
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ@®RNSEN (0.S.)
dialog: (muffled, distant)
dialog: I am ready.
text: Jacobsen opens the front of the box to reveal --
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN, NOW JUST FIVE INCHES TALL.
text: As this miniature human walks out onto the podium, gasps of
text: astonishment ripple throughout the room. Many stand to get a
dialog: better look.
scene_heading: DR. JACOBSEN
dialog: Everyone, please take your seats.
dialog: Please!
text: As the audience quiets, Dr. Asbjgrnsen takes his place behind
text: a tiny podium, dons reading glasses, and removes a speech from
text: his jacket pocket.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: Dr. Pereira, esteemed colleagues.
dialog: Five years ago, building on the
dialog: research of our predecessors at the
dialog: institute, my team and I discovered a
dialog: process by which all organic material
dialog: can be reduced at the cellular level
dialog: by a ratio of approximately 2,744 to
dialog: one. Such a process converts a man
dialog: of 1.8 meters to just 12.9
text: centimeters. A wide array of flora
dialog: and fauna were subjected to this
dialog: process and, with the exception of
dialog: some fish and shellfish, absolutely
dialog: no side effects were detected.
dialog: Please lights.
text: The room dims. A GROUP PORTRAIT of the gathering at the
text: Asbjernsen home appears on a screen above the stage -- the
text: first image in a PowerPoint presentation.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Once the safety of the procedure was
dialog: confirmed, thirty-six brave
dialog: volunteers joined my wife Anne-Helene
dialog: and me as the very first humans to
dialog: undergo cellular reduction.
text: A NAKED SUBJECT poses before reduction, arms extended like Da
text: Vinci’s Vitruvian man. Next he shows off his new TINY BODY
text: beside a metric a ruler held by enormous fingers.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN (CONT'D)
dialog: The exact science behind reduction
dialog: itself falls outside of our
dialog: discussion today, but the process is
text: short and painless, with only the
dialog: mild discomfort of removal and
dialog: replacement of dental and other
text: prosthetics.
text: Now we see a RECOVERY ROOM where, wrapped in blankets,
text: volunteers recline on miniature Le Corbusier lounges. One
text: tiny man drinks from an enormous eye-dropper.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
text: Subjects are placed under light
text: sedation, and after a brief rest,
dialog: perhaps some crackers and applesdft,
text: fully recover within an hour or two.
text: Now a normal-sized SHORT-HAIRED DOG on a leash. The next
text: slide shows the same dog standing next to the ruler while a
text: GIANT HAND restrains him with a tiny leash.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: Of course, some of our community
dialog: could not bear to leave behind their
text: four-legged companions.
text: Now shots inside a WORKSHOP. Volunteers construct small
text: houses and buildings. Others sew tiny clothes.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: As the subjects of our own study, our
dialog: aim was not only to confirm the long-
dialog: term viability of the process but
dialog: also to investigate the social and
dialog: psychological implications. Thus we
text: set about to live together in the
dialog: world’s very first self-sustaining
dialog: community of the small.
text: The next images show the building of a small VILLAGE. Group
text: members secure dollhouse-size dwellings onto foundations. Then
text: we see the hoisting of a TRANSPARENT DOME over the new
dialog: community.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Once complete, our little village,
dialog: just seven meters by eleven meters,
text: was placed inside a gas-permeable
dialog: enclosure designed to protect us from
dialog: the hazards of weather, animals and
dialog: insects.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE CENTER - DAY 15
text: Learning of the exciting news, other CONFERENCE-GOERS clamor
text: to gain access to the auditorium.
dialog: 16
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: As Dr. Asbjgrnsen concludes his talk, a FINAL SLIDE shows the
text: downsized group playing volleyball.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: ..-and finally, my colleagues and
dialog: I are happy to report new founts
dialog: of energy and vitality. Future
dialog: studies may support our suspicion
dialog: that decreased mass and volume
dialog: correlate directly to an increase
dialog: in longevity.
text: As the lights come up, a beaming Dr. Jacobsen strides from the
text: wings, holding aloft a half-full GARBAGE BAG.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
scene_heading: DR. JACOBSEN
text: I hold in my hand all of the
dialog: uncompostable waste produced by 36
dialog: people over four years!
dialog: (holding for applause)
dialog: In this afternoon’s session, we will
dialog: outline our proposal for a two- to
dialog: three-hundred year transition for the
dialog: world to transform from big to small.
dialog: We believe that with a timely embrace
dialog: of miniaturization, our seemingly
dialog: unconquerable problems of over-
dialog: population, climate change, and
dialog: insufficient food and water can
dialog: become a thing of the past, and human
dialog: life may safely thrive for millennia
dialog: to come.
dialog: (motioning off-stage)
dialog: Now we'd like you to meet some very
dialog: special people.
text: As the piéce de résistance, a cart is wheeled out carrying the
text: ENTIRE SMALL COMMUNITY smiling and waving. Among them, a
text: MOTHER nurses an infant, while at her side stands her four-
text: year-old son RONNI.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: And look -- there’s little Ronni, the
dialog: first small baby ever born, and his
dialog: new little sister Ulrikke.
text: All stand, applaud, and stamp their feet in unison -- an
text: astounding reception.
text: A MONTAGE as the news travels throughout the globe --
scene_heading: EXT. SRI LANKAN VILLAGE - DAY 17
text: A small crowd watches the communal television.
scene_heading: EXT. BURKINA FASO VILLAGE - DAY 18
text: Brightly-attired, barefoot locals watch the report.
scene_heading: EXT. BERING STRAITS - DAY 19
text: Aleuts pause in fish-drying to catch the news.
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: A21
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 10
scene_heading: EXT. RIYADH, SAUDI ARABIA - DAY 20
text: Saudis glimpse TVs through the window of an appliance store.
scene_heading: EXT. LA CASA RESTAURANT - OMAHA - DUSK A21
dialog: Establishing.
scene_heading: INT. LA CASA RESTAURANT - DUSK 21
text: A cozy eatery popular with older folks and hipsters alike.
text: People crowd near the TV above the bar, among them PAUL
text: SAFRANEK. His polo shirt bears a CON-AGRA insignia.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to a random guy)
dialog: Wow. That’s wild, isn’t it? Just
dialog: wild.
dialog: (to a waitress)
dialog: Say, Holly? You can put in that take-
dialog: out order now.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: In one of these lands, the land of
dialog: Omaa, there lived a common laborer.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT 22
text: Tergehl addresses the rapt children seated at his feet.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL
dialog: Now, which of you knows his name?
text: The children wrack their tiny brains. An adult prompts one
text: child, whispering into her ear.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: Safrapiil!
speaker_heading: TERGEHL
dialog: That’s right. It was Safrapiil the
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: EXT. DUPLEX REAR ALLEY - DUSK 23
text: Paul pulls into his parking spot and emerges from his car with
text: the take-out food. He climbs the back porch steps of this
text: modest duplex and opens one of two back doors.
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Safrapiil was not like the other
dialog: giants. He was possessed of a kind
dialog: and generous nature. Our tale
dialog: tonight is the saga of Safrapiil --
dialog: his search for love, and the quest to
dialog: fulfill his destiny.
scene_heading: 24 INT. DUPLEX KITCHEN - DUSK 24
text: Over the sound of a TV from the living room comes the voice of
text: Paul’s mother KAY.
speaker_heading: KAY (0.S.)
dialog: Is that you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KAY (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, goody.
text: Paul begins putting spaghetti onto a plate.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You hungry?
speaker_heading: KAY (0.S.)
dialog: I had a Healthy Choice about an hour
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You knew I was bringing you food.
dialog: I called and asked you
dialog: specifically --
speaker_heading: KAY (0.S.)
dialog: -- I know --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: -- and then you go and eat?
speaker_heading: KAY (0.S.)
dialog: Just a Sesame Chicken. I’m still
dialog: hungry. Don’t make me holler.
scene_heading: 25 INT. DUPLEX LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 25
text: Tethered to an oxygen tank, Kay Safranek sits in a recliner.
text: Paul clears off a TV tray before setting down her food.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did you see the news today?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You mean about the little Swedish
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Norwegian.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Helen called to tell me to turn on
dialog: the TV. What won’t they think of
dialog: next?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Unbelievable, isn’t it? Biggest
dialog: thing since landing on the moon.
dialog: Bigger.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Well, I don’t get it. Why would
dialog: anybody want to do that to himself?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don’t know, I think plenty of
dialog: people will want to do it. You know,
dialog: the world’s in pretty tough shape.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Bullshit.
text: Kay focuses on eating and watching TV.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (smelling)
dialog: Did you have a cigarette?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know, with that oxygen tank,
dialog: you’re going to burn the place down.
dialog: At least you’1l save me the cost of
dialog: cremation.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: That’s an awful thing to say. You
dialog: shut up.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 13
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - NIGHT 26
text: Kay wheezes upstairs. Paul follows, toting her oxygen.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: They can shrink people down and fly
dialog: to Mars, but they can’t cure my
dialog: fibromyalgia?
scene_heading: INT. KAY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 27
text: Kay lies bent over the bed. Paul prepares a syringe and
text: administers a shot.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: And all this fuss about the
dialog: environment. As though the world’s
dialog: going to end tomorrow. I’m in pain.
dialog: I can’t breathe. Doesn’t that
dialog: matter?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Lots of people are in pain, Mom. In
dialog: all sorts of ways.
scene_heading: EXT. DUPLEX FRONT PORCH - NIGHT 28
text: Paul exits one side of the duplex and enters the other.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 29
text: Paul watches TV in a recliner of his own. The phone rings,
text: and the machine picks up. It’s Paul’s on-again-off-again
text: girlfriend AUDREY.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (ON MACHINE)
dialog: Paul, it’s Audrey. I know we’re not
dialog: supposed to be talking, but I thought
dialog: you should know I had to put Bodie
dialog: down today. His seizures came back a
dialog: couple months ago, and I could have
dialog: had him operated on, but they cut
dialog: back my hours at work, and he was
dialog: getting really old, and...
dialog: (weepy)
dialog: ...-I just feel so bad. Are you
dialog: there, Paul? I really need to talk.
dialog: I know you’re there. Please, Paul.
dialog: Please. I miss you so much.
dialog: Pleeeease.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Fuck.
text: Paul picks up the phone but does not speak.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (ON PHONE)
dialog: Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’m here.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: And so it was that Safrapiil wooed the
dialog: maiden Oodreh and took her as his
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. LA CASA RESTAURANT - NIGHT 30
dialog: This is the same establishment where we first met Paul. It’s
dialog: now --
scene_heading: NINE YEARS LATER
speaker_heading: TALKING HEAD #1 (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Look, I’m worried about global
dialog: warming as much as the next fellow,
dialog: but let’s not throw the baby out with
dialog: the bath water.
scene_heading: 31 INT. LA CASA RESTAURANT - NIGHT 31
text: The TV over the bar shows a Fox News-style debate.
scene_heading: TALKING HEAD #1
dialog: This whole downsizing thing is
dialog: another example of runaway-train
text: technology leading us down a blind
dialog: alley. With all the holier-than-
dialog: thou talk about saving the planet,
dialog: we can’t ignore the devastating
dialog: economic impact that’ll lead to
dialog: more poverty, which’1l lead to more
dialog: downsizing, and then more poverty,
dialog: and the whole world economy going
text: right down the toilet. Billions of
dialog: dollars in consumer spending are
dialog: already starting to vanish --
dialog: construction and housing, the
dialog: automobile industry, the airline
dialog: industry, defense.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 32
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: TALKING HEAD #1 (CONT'D)
dialog: And then all the political abuses --
dialog: Israelis shrinking Palestinians,
text: African dictators shrinking rival
dialog: ethnic groups --
text: As the opposing speaker interrupts, we realize he’s SMALL.
scene_heading: TALKING HEAD #2
dialog: Look, Ron. Ron. In any major
dialog: transformation of society, are there
dialog: serious growing pains? You bet. But
dialog: we have to focus on the long term.
dialog: The fact is that at current mass and
dialog: volume, human life on Earth just
dialog: isn’t sustainable, and dealing with
dialog: that head-on makes good economic
dialog: sense, no matter how you cut it.
text: We find a balder, paunchier Paul seated in a booth, enjoying
text: happy hour with buddies KEVIN and TIM.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: The one guy’s got a point. This
dialog: family on my block just moved away to
dialog: get small, and their house is just
dialog: sitting there. Making everybody's
dialog: value take a dive is what they’re
dialog: doing. Just when I’m trying to
dialog: refinance.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: I don’t know. Marlene thinks I
dialog: should do it just to lose the weight.
text: Paul laughs politely, then gets a waitress’s attention.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Say, Dee, is that take-out order
dialog: about ready?
speaker_heading: DEE
text: Coming right up.
scene_heading: EXT. DUPLEX DRIVEWAY - NIGHT 32
text: Paul again emerges from his car with take-out food and climbs
text: the back porch steps. The place has been spruced up a bit
dialog: since we last saw it.
text: Graduate student RICH CHAVEZ pokes his head out from what used
text: to be Paul’s side of the duplex.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Hi, Mr. Safranek. How’s it going?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Good, good. What’s up?
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Hate to say it, but that toilet’s
text: still running all the time.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay, I’1l call the plumber again.
dialog: Oh, and Rich, try to get your rent in
dialog: on time, okay? I hate being the bad
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: You got it.
text: Paul continues into what used to be his mother’s side
scene_heading: INT. DUPLEX KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: -- and we notice it has been redecorated.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, honey, I brought food!
speaker_heading: AUDREY (0.S.)
dialog: I’m not hungry.
scene_heading: INT. DUPLEX LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Paul enters to find Audrey lying on the sofa.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I have a splitting headache. It was
text: a super busy day at the store, and
dialog: Carla was being a total bitch on
dialog: wheels. I feel like I’m going to
dialog: throw up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Here, let me do the neck thing.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Yeah, do your little neck thing.
dialog: 16
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
text: He stands at the end of the sofa, slips his hands
text: Audrey's head, rolls it from side to side.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Just relax, honey. Let me take all
dialog: the weight.
scene_heading: INT. CON-AGRA FACTORY FLOOR - DAY
text: Food boxes emerge from a packaging machine. Paul
text: factory worker SANDY, who follows him away.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Safrapiil was a compassionate giant
dialog: and worked hard in service to others.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY OFFICE - DAY
text: Paul manipulates Sandy’s hand and forearm.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay, Sandy, now make a fist for me.
dialog: I’m going to pull your arm down, and
dialog: you try to stop me, okay? Still
dialog: hurt?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: More like tingling.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You’ve been icing and doing the
dialog: exercises, right?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (lying)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I notice you’re not wearing your
dialog: brace.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Could I get another one? I think I
dialog: left it in my ex’s car.
scene_heading: INT. SHOE STORE - DAY
dialog: 17
dialog: underneath
dialog: 35
dialog: approaches
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
text: Audrey comes out of the back carrying an armful of SHOEBOXES
text: and heads toward a fussy CUSTOMER surrounded by many rejected
dialog: options.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Oodreh was a hard worker, too,
dialog: helping the local cobbler provide
dialog: shoes for the village.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Okay, I wasn’t able to find a 6-1/2
dialog: in the plum, so I brought out black
text: and brown.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: But I want plum. Do you have it ina
dialog: seven?
text: Manager CARLA approaches.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Say, Audrey, can you stay late
dialog: tonight? Jill’s kid is sick again.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (tight smile)
dialog: How late?
scene_heading: EXT. MCMANSION FOR SALE - DAY 38
text: The Safraneks’ car is parked outside.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL
dialog: But life was difficult for Safrapiil
dialog: and Oodreh. Like many dedicated to
dialog: service, they were taken for granted
dialog: and poorly rewarded.
scene_heading: INT. MCMANSION FOR SALE - DAY 39
text: A REALTOR leads Paul and Audrey on a tour.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: And their great sadness was that
dialog: their dwelling was too small and
dialog: unfit for offspring.
scene_heading: IN THE KITCHEN --
text: Audrey admires the high-end appliances, the skylight, the view
text: to the backyard. Paul hangs back, painfully aware the home is
text: out of reach. Audrey turns to him, hope in her eyes.
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, don’t get me wrong, it’s
dialog: awesome. I just think we should
dialog: take another look at that place in
dialog: Benson.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (pulling him)
dialog: Let’s go see upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL AND AUDREY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 40
text: Audrey sleeps peacefully while Paul lies awake. He slips out
text: of bed and tiptoes away.
text: He pauses at the door, turning to look back at Audrey -- all
text: she does to complete him, all she does to diminish him.
scene_heading: INT. DUPLEX BASEMENT - NIGHT 41
text: In boxers and T-shirt, Paul sits at a desk going through a
text: pile of papers with an adding machine.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Safrapiil lived his early life in
text: humble obscurity, joyously devoted to
text: others yet plagued by menial tasks of
dialog: daily life. Until one day...
scene_heading: EXT. JESUIT HIGH SCHOOL PARKING LOT - EVENING 42
text: Along with OTHER COUPLES emerging from cars, Paul and Audrey
text: walk toward the high school, all dressed up. A banner reads,
dialog: “Welcome, Alumni.”
scene_heading: INT. JESUIT HIGH SCHOOL CAFETERIA - NIGHT 43
text: Holding cocktails, Paul and Audrey chat with a COUPLE.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Anesthesiology, huh?
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: My wife says I put people to sleep
dialog: even without the drugs.
text: Paul and Audrey offer courtesy chuckles.
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m surprised you’re still awake.
dialog: 20
scene_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST’S WIFE
dialog: He uses that joke like twice a
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: So what’s your field, Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Occupational therapy.
scene_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST’S WIFE
dialog: Oh, like career counseling?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, it’s just like physical therapy,
dialog: just focused on workplace injuries
dialog: and rehab -- repetitive stress, lower-
dialog: back, stuff like that. A lot of
dialog: shoulder problems. I’m in-house at a
dialog: Con-Agra plant over in Council
dialog: Bluffs.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
text: Mostly he does paperwork.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, I get a little carpal-tunnel of
dialog: my own sometimes.
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: Tell me about it. Medicine’s all
dialog: about covering your ass these days.
dialog: Say, weren’t you pre-med down in
dialog: Lincoln?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Good memory. I got two years in, but
dialog: my mom got real sick and I had to
dialog: move back to Omaha. Plus, Organic
dialog: Chemistry.
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: Yeah, that gets a lot of people.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I wanted to be a surgeon, actually.
dialog: I have small hands, which they say
dialog: is a real plus. Hey, we might have
dialog: wound up working together. You
dialog: could’ve been my anesthesiologist!
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: Hey, how about that?
dialog: 44
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah. Wild.
text: LATER -- Dinner has not yet begun. There’s still a fair 44
text: amount of mingling, but many are finding their chairs.
text: Seated at his table, Paul takes a moment to look around, and
text: his eyes fall upon felt banners with inspirational sayings --
dialog: “The door to happiness opens outward” and “The best way to
dialog: find yourself is to lose yourself in service to others.”
text: NEAR THE ENTRANCE a flurry of excitement suggests someone
text: special has arrived. It’s just a GUY in his mid-20s, but
text: judging from reactions -- gasps, pointing -- it’s the
text: ACRYLIC BOX he carries that’s causing the commotion.
text: The guy passes Paul and Audrey’s table and, like everyone
text: else, they gawk at what’s inside the box --
text: A TINY COUPLE smiling and waving at old friends.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s Dave! Dave Johnson. And
dialog: Carol. I heard he was coming but I
dialog: had no idea... Man, I never would
dialog: have pegged him for someone who'd go
dialog: get small. Did you see that?
speaker_heading: AT A TABLE
text: The guy carrying the box -- Dave Johnson’s younger brother
text: ANDY -- sets it down and removes the top and front.
text: Paul and Audrey join the onlookers, many of whom are taking
text: photos with their phones.
text: Dave and Carol walk out onto the table and speak through
text: little hand-held MEGAPHONES.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey, everybody! Hope we’re not
dialog: intruding!
text: Warm greetings all around. Dave places two tiny glasses where
text: his brother can retrieve them.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Andy, could you get Carol a...
dialog: Honey, what’re you having?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Gin and tonic.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: A gin and tonic, and for me... You
dialog: know what? That sounds good. I/'11
dialog: have a gin and tonic, too.
text: Andy slides the impossibly small tumblers onto his palm and
text: heads toward the bar.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: With lime!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: How am I supposed to do that?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Just figure it out, okay?
text: As many migrate toward the new arrivals, a JESUIT turns on a
text: mic at the podium.
speaker_heading: JESUIT
dialog: Don’t mean to break up the party, but
text: the silent auction closes in fifteen
dialog: minutes, and there are still some
text: very attractive items with no takers.
scene_heading: EXT. FRIENDS’ HOUSE - NIGHT 45
text: A nice, middle-class home.
scene_heading: INT. FRIENDS’ HOUSE - NIGHT 46
text: At this informal after-party for an extended group of old
text: friends, the camera makes its way through the living room,
text: where little Carol Johnson holds court, standing on a coffee
text: table. Friends lean in to hear better.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We weren’t going to come at first,
dialog: but then we started getting all the e-
dialog: mails, plus my sister was having a
dialog: lump removed. She’s fine, thank God,
dialog: but I still needed to see her.
speaker_heading: SOME FRIEND
dialog: So what’s traveling like? How’d you
dialog: get up here from New Mexico?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Oh, we flew. Airlines are getting
text: more and more small-friendly.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 47
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: They make it really easy, and all the
dialog: seats are first class...
dialog: We continue on to --
speaker_heading: THE KITCHEN 47
text: -- where Paul is amid a heart-to-heart with Dave, seated atop
text: a box of Ak-Mak Crackers.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: So after a couple years in Florida, I
dialog: moved out to Vegas and --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I remember. I think that’s about the
dialog: last time we talked.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah. Vegas wasn’t such a good
dialog: choice for me, as it turns out. Got
dialog: into some real bad habits. Pretty
dialog: much hit rock bottom.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sorry to hear that.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Any other woman would have run for
dialog: the hills, but Carol, man, she’s a
dialog: saint. She stuck with me. But I
dialog: really had to come clean about
dialog: everything. And I mean everything.
dialog: You know, almost.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: And the decision to...
dialog: (makes a shrinking motion)
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Well, that’s the thing. We both
dialog: needed a change. You know, start all
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It must feel good knowing you’re
dialog: making a real difference, too.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You mean all that crap about saving
dialog: the planet? Downsizing is about
dialog: saving yourself. Takes the pressure
dialog: right off, especially money pressure.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just not, you know, driven and
dialog: ambitious like the rest of my family.
dialog: It’s not who I am. Now Carol and I,
dialog: we live like kings -- a hell of a lot
dialog: better than my brothers and my
dialog: sister, I’ll tell you that. I send
dialog: them pictures all the time, but they
dialog: never respond.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, I’m still living in the same
dialog: house I grew up in. Audrey’s dying
dialog: for us to move, but we’re pretty
dialog: strapped. Plus, my mom’s end-of-life
dialog: care really took a toll. I mean,
dialog: shit, I just finished paying off my
dialog: student loans.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Well, listen, if you ever start
dialog: thinking about it seriously, here’s
dialog: my two cents. There are lots of
text: small communities cropping up out
dialog: there, but don’t mess around.
dialog: Leisureland’s where you want to be.
dialog: They are a little pricier, but they
dialog: were the first, and they’re still
text: way ahead of the curve.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They’ve sure got a big marketing
dialog: budget.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Lots to brag about. Best houses,
dialog: best appliances, best doctors, they
dialog: book all the big concert tours, got
dialog: all the great restaurants. The kids
dialog: love Cheesecake Factory and
dialog: Leisureland’s got three of them. And
dialog: I’m not just saying all this for the
dialog: referral credit.
dialog: (off Paul’s laugh)
dialog: Hey, sorry, could you back up a
dialog: little? I think there’s too much
dialog: garlic in that salsa.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, right.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Or floss or something. I don’t
dialog: know.
dialog: 25
text: Suddenly a child’s SCREAM. Alarmed, Paul heads into the
text: living room, where he finds the HOSTS comforting their four-
text: year-old DAUGHTER, who has wandered downstairs and is scared
text: out of her wits by the sight of little Carol.
speaker_heading: HOST MOM
dialog: It’s okay, Katie. It’s okay. She’s
dialog: a friend. She’s just smaller than we
dialog: are, that’s all.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Hi, Katie! Hi! I won’t bite.
scene_heading: 48 INT. DUPLEX - NIGHT 48
text: Paul and Audrey come in the door, exhausted but still buzzing
dialog: about their unusual evening.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Well, that was sure interesting.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’l1l say.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I liked little Carol. She’s got a
text: lot on the ball. She’s reading all
dialog: the books she always wanted to, and
dialog: she’s learning Italian. And she says
dialog: she’s never been fitter.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They sure seem happy. Dave says
dialog: he’s getting pretty good on the
dialog: drums.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Next year they’re pulling the kids
dialog: out of school to spend six months at
dialog: a sister city in Tuscany. Cooking
dialog: classes, yoga, wine-tasting, the
dialog: whole nine yards.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (checking his phone)
dialog: Uh-oh. Honey?
text: Paul plays a message on speakerphone.
speaker_heading: VOICEMAIL
dialog: Hi, guys. Milo here from Goodman
dialog: Mortgage.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: VOICEMAIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hate to say it, but your application
text: at First National bounced back. The
dialog: underwriter didn’t like the
dialog: adjustments in the appraisal. Like I
dialog: said, the market for a hundred-year-
dialog: old duplex with structural issues is
dialog: pretty soft, and there are red flags
dialog: from an underwriter’s perspective. I
dialog: can try somewhere else, but frankly I
dialog: think you’re going to need more cash
dialog: up front if we want to get approved
dialog: on the type of property you’re
text: looking at.
text: Paul and Audrey share a weighty, defeated look.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. STATE LINE - DAY 49
text: The Safraneks’ car zooms by a sign -- WELCOME TO NEW MEXICO,
scene_heading: LAND OF ENCHANTMENT.
scene_heading: A50 INT. PAUL’S CAR - DAY A50
dialog: As they drive --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I bet we’ll be able to tell right
dialog: away if it’s for us or not.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Yeah, so let’s not waste time. Maybe
dialog: could get to Santa Fe earlier and get
dialog: a massage.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sounds good to me. Like we said,
dialog: we're just checking it out. No harm,
dialog: no foul.
scene_heading: 50 EXT. PAUL’S CAR - NEW MEXICO HIGHWAY - DAY 50
text: Paul and Audrey’s car continues through the desert and passes
text: a huge BILLBOARD.
dialog: NEXT EXIT!
dialog: Tony Dale’s
speaker_heading: LEISURELAND ESTATES
dialog: GET READY FOR MORE!
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 27
scene_heading: EXT. LEISURELAND VISITORS CENTER - DAY 51
text: Across an immense parking lot sits a commanding building that
text: abuts a 20-foot-high WALL stretching in both directions, a
text: wall that encircles and safeguards the city of Leisureland
dialog: within.
text: Long poles extending skyward from the wall support the city’s
text: protective overhead netting.
scene_heading: INT. LEISURELAND VISITORS CENTER - DAY 52
text: The Safraneks walk in, already starting to feel small in this
text: vast space. A huge banner shows an ecstatic couple -- “It’s
dialog: like winning the lottery every day!”
text: A large circular INFORMATION DESK is staffed by EMPLOYEES in
text: monogrammed golf shirts and khakis.
scene_heading: AMONG THE EXHIBITS
text: Audrey and Paul stroll through a maze of kiosks -- VACATION
scene_heading: GETAWAYS, FINE DINING, RECREATION, INNOVATIONS IN EDUCATION,
text: TRAVEL SERVICES, JOB OPPORTUNITIES, STAYING IN TOUCH, SELLING
text: YOUR CURRENT HOME, WHAT ABOUT MY PET?, WHEN YOU NEED A
speaker_heading: DOCTOR.
scene_heading: INT. LEISURELAND THEATER - DAY 53
text: Paul and Audrey sit watching a promotional movie.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY - MOVIE WITHIN THE MOVIE 54
scene_heading: IN A TIDE POOL
text: A horseshoe crab scuttles along, silent and primordial,
text: passing a pair of rubber boots. Then we see the charismatic
dialog: man inside those boots.
speaker_heading: TONY DALE
dialog: Hi, I’m Tony Dale. That horseshoe
dialog: crab has remained unchanged for 250
dialog: million years. Same size, same
dialog: shell, same ugly mug. But we
dialog: humans are different. We’re
dialog: constantly evolving and adapting to
dialog: new challenges. And today we find
dialog: ourselves at the dawn of an
dialog: exciting new chapter in human
dialog: history.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: TONY DALE (CONT'D)
dialog: Each and every one of you can be
dialog: among the lucky ones to take this
dialog: great leap forward, enjoy the
dialog: prosperity you deserve, and, most
dialog: importantly, help protect our
dialog: precious planet. Join me, won't
dialog: you, as we take a look at the
dialog: creation of the world’s first
dialog: luxury community designed entirely
dialog: to make anyone’s biggest dreams
dialog: come true -- Leisureland Estates.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL PLANE - DAY 55
text: In the copilot's seat, Tony turns around and speaks as though
dialog: we’re in the back.
speaker_heading: TONY DALE
dialog: The first order of business was to
dialog: find the perfect location -- not too
dialog: cold in the winter, not too hot in
dialog: the summer. No earthquakes, no
dialog: tornados, no hurricanes. And no
dialog: pesky mosquitoes. Yep, everything
dialog: had to be just right.
text: The pilot points out something below, and Tony raises
text: binoculars to take a look.
scene_heading: INSERT - A MAP OF THE UNITED STATES 56
text: ZOOM in on New Mexico.
speaker_heading: TONY DALE (V.O.)
dialog: Our search led us to the ideal spot --
dialog: where we are right now -- ten square
text: miles of high desert on New Mexico’s
dialog: Vasquez Plateau.
scene_heading: EXT. VASQUEZ PLATEAU - DAY 57
text: Twine on surveyor’s stakes winds through cacti and scrub.
text: In work clothes and sun hat, Tony paces out a distance, then
text: stops and points broadly at the ground, giving confident
text: directions to offscreen crew.
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 29
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 58
text: ACADEMICS give a presentation with charts and graphs. Tony
text: sits up front nodding thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: TONY DALE (V.O.)
dialog: Next I gathered a team of top urban
dialog: planners, architects and engineers
dialog: from around the world to answer a
dialog: simple question, “How can we design
dialog: the most efficient and innovative
dialog: city the world has ever known?”
scene_heading: INT. LEISURELAND DESIGN BULLPEN - DAY 59
text: ARCHITECTS AND ENGINEERS work at computers and drafting
text: tables. Others build maquettes.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE -- Wielding a pointer and surrounded by his
text: team, Tony reviews an enormous tabletop model of Leisureland.
speaker_heading: TONY DALE (V.O.)
dialog: Each dwelling would be a dream house,
dialog: a genuine estate within anyone’s
dialog: reach. Mass transit would be free
dialog: and efficient. The streets would be
text: neat and orderly, offering easy
dialog: access to shops, schools, parks,
dialog: medical services, and of course all
dialog: the recreation and entertainment you
dialog: can imagine.
text: Now RENDERINGS of different neighborhoods -- Alpine Village,
dialog: New Orleans Quartier, Fairway Manors, The Marina.
speaker_heading: TONY DALE (V.O.)
dialog: Each neighborhood would accent our
dialog: residents’ interests, diverse
dialog: lifestyles and hobbies.
scene_heading: INT. TONY DALE’S OFFICE - DAY 60
text: Tony addresses us from behind his desk.
speaker_heading: TONY DALE
dialog: But no matter how much care we put
dialog: into designing Leisureland, it’s
dialog: really the people who make our
dialog: community so special. So now I’d
dialog: like to introduce you to some actual
dialog: residents who are eager to tell you
dialog: more.
dialog: 61
dialog: 30
text: As the movie ends, the screen begins to rise and Tony turns
text: his gaze vaguely downward...
speaker_heading: TONY DALE (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, folks, take it away!
dialog: .»-returning us to --
scene_heading: INT. LEISURELAND THEATER - DAY 61
text: Stage lights illuminate, theme music begins, and a platform
text: thrusts past the rising screen. On the platform sits a
text: downsized MANSION with swimming pool and tennis court.
text: Tanned sales professional JEFF LONOWSKI steps out of the front
text: door wearing a headset mic, trailed by a tiny CAMERAMAN who
text: transmits Jeff's image onto a large screen.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Thanks, Mr. Dale. Welcome,
dialog: everybody. I’m Jeff Lonowski, Senior
dialog: Product Specialist and happy
dialog: homeowner here at Leisureland
dialog: Estates. Are you having a good time?
dialog: (off initial response)
dialog: Come on, guys. You’re a heck of a
dialog: lot bigger than I am. Make some
dialog: noise! Are you having a good time?
text: Paul and Audrey join the enthusiastic response. “Yes!”
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s more like it. So what do you
dialog: think of my place? Pretty nifty,
dialog: huh? It’s the house of my dreams.
dialog: Heck, I’d say it’s the house of
dialog: anybody’s dreams. Why, an average
dialog: guy like me might have to work
dialog: twenty, thirty, even forty years to
dialog: be able to afford a spread like this.
dialog: And just wait until you see what’s
dialog: inside.
text: The house splits open to reveal the massive family room,
text: enormous bedrooms, airy kitchen. In the master suite
text: upstairs, and with a CAMERA GUY all her own, Jeff's “wife”
text: LAURA sits in a bubble bath.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (headset mic)
dialog: Jeff, you’ve got to stop inviting
dialog: guests over without telling me!
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Sorry, Laura. I was only --
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I mean, I finally got in the tub to
dialog: relax after such a busy day.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Busy doing what, sweetheart?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh, no end of things. First I took a
dialog: tennis lesson and had a massage.
text: Then after a gourmet lunch with the
dialog: girls, we just couldn’t help
dialog: ourselves and popped into that new
text: Loget’s store downtown.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uh-oh, Loget’s. What’s that going to
dialog: cost me?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Now, Jeff, you hush. I was really
dialog: good. Just a diamond bracelet.
text: The cameraman zooms in for a close-up of the sparkling
text: jewelry, eliciting admiring “oohs” from audience members.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just a diamond bracelet? That
dialog: doesn’t sound like you.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (pulling her hair back)
dialog: And matching diamond earrings. And
text: the matching diamond necklace.
dialog: (as Jeff crosses his arms)
dialog: Oh, Jeff, they look so good on me.
dialog: Wait till you --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: How much, Laura?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Now, Jeff --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I said how much?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: Sixty-two dollars.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Sixty-two dollars? Are you crazy?
dialog: Why, that’s practically our food
dialog: budget for two whole months!
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING CORRIDOR - DAY 62
text: The exit doors of the theater snap open.
text: Along with the rest of the audience, Paul and Audrey step onto
text: a wide walkway. Floor-to-ceiling windows offer a first
text: glimpse at the actual city of Leisureland.
text: The initial impression is both impressive and banal. It’s
text: partially like a miniature theme park and partially like any
text: other mid-sized city.
text: But a couple of unusual features stand out. One is a giant
text: FERRIS WHEEL. Another is the CENTRAL TOWER, which functions
text: both as a “tent pole” for the overhead netting and as the
text: transfer station for an innovative and fanciful mass transit
text: system -- GONDOLAS traveling on cables above the city.
text: MOMENTS LATER -- Paul and Audrey peruse model homes ranging 63
text: from one-story ranches through three-story McMansions -- “The
text: Regency,” “The Barrington,” “The Aristocrat,” “The
dialog: Mediterranean,” “The Sportsman.”
text: At the top end, like a sumptuous Bel-Air estate, is “The
text: Versailles,” boasting a sticker price of $129,999.
scene_heading: INT. SALES AREA - DAY 64
text: A tracking shot through an ocean of sales desks ends on Paul
text: and Audrey, where a chipper SALESPERSON walks them through a
dialog: print-out of their finances.
speaker_heading: SALESPERSON
dialog: So putting it all together, if you
dialog: liquidate your current home, vehicles
dialog: and other assets, and purchase a
dialog: Regency-level estate -- that’s a
dialog: 12,000-square-foot-equivalent home on
dialog: a 1.5-acre-equivalent lot -- at the
dialog: base price of $63,000. Plus $4,500
dialog: for the Health and Fitness package.
dialog: That’s the gym, pool, sauna/steam,
dialog: hot tub, and tennis court. Then the
dialog: medical procedure for two adults.
dialog: That’s $15,000.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Does insurance cover any of that?
speaker_heading: SALESPERSON
dialog: No, but at Regency level you’re
dialog: already qualifying for a substantial
dialog: discount. And don’t forget the federal
dialog: tax credit. So, figuring in your
dialog: current debt, your retirement accounts
dialog: and your savings, you’re looking at
dialog: approximately $152,000 in equity, which
dialog: is a very comfortable number.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Comfortable? That doesn’t sound like
dialog: nearly enough.
speaker_heading: SALESPERSON
dialog: You have to look at this column,
dialog: Audrey. Equivalent value. You're
text: solidly inside the Blue Chip zone.
dialog: In Leisureland your $152,000
dialog: translates into around $12.5 million -
dialog: - to live on, for life.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Hold on. If this is such a great
dialog: thing, how come you haven’t done it?
speaker_heading: SALESPERSON
dialog: I would in a heartbeat, but my
dialog: husband had a hip replacement, so
dialog: he’s ineligible. But look around
dialog: you. If you come back in a month,
dialog: you won’t see most of my co-workers
dialog: still here. People take jobs just
dialog: for the discount. Did you see Jeff's
dialog: little show upstairs -- the house
dialog: that opens up? He used to sit right
dialog: over there. Of course, he doesn’t
dialog: have to work anymore, but he’s a real
dialog: ham -- just loves the attention.
dialog: Anyway, how's all this sounding?
dialog: Would the Regency be your first
dialog: choice? Or should we be looking at
dialog: something a little more deluxe?
text: Audrey looks at Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Honey, pick anything you like. I
dialog: just want you to be happy.
text: She beams.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 34
scene_heading: EXT. DUPLEX FRONT YARD - DAY 65
text: Paul and Audrey oversee a RUMMAGE SALE of their belongings.
dialog: Downsizing! Everything Must Go!
speaker_heading: SOME OLD GUY
dialog: How much for the hot dog cooker?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Four dollars.
speaker_heading: SOME OLD GUY
dialog: I'll give you a dollar.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Sold.
scene_heading: INT. CON-AGRA PLANT - DAY 66
text: Paul finishes working with a FACTORY WORKER with a bad arm.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Keep up those exercises. Don’t get
dialog: lazy. I laminated everything for
dialog: you, so no excuses.
speaker_heading: FACTORY WORKER
dialog: Thank you, Paul. Thank you so much.
dialog: My wife and me, maybe someday we'll
dialog: get small too and we’ll visit you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’d be great, but in the
dialog: meantime...
text: Paul squeezes and unsqueezes his hand, reinforcing an
dialog: exercise.
scene_heading: INT. CON-AGRA BREAK ROOM - DAY 67
text: CO-WORKERS throw Paul a small goodbye party. Atop the cake is
text: a joke design in frosting about getting small.
scene_heading: EXT. CON-AGRA PARKING LOT - DAY 68
text: An emotional Paul walks to his car carrying a box of
dialog: belongings. It’s the last time he’1ll ever see the place he’s
dialog: spent so many years.
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 35
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT 69
text: A perennially “hip” restaurant for the middle-aged.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT 70
text: A farewell party occupies the back. Friends and family
text: gather around four or five reserved tables. We catch
text: snippets of conversations with different FRIENDS -- first up
speaker_heading: is GINA.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I mean, sure, I was on the fence
dialog: about it for most of the year. It’s
dialog: pretty scary when you think about it
dialog: at first. But then when my college
dialog: roommate Patty Loomis called to say
dialog: she and her husband were doing it,
dialog: and all the reasons why, I turned to
dialog: Paul and said okay, you win. Let’s
dialog: go for it.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (hugging her)
dialog: I’m just going to miss you so much.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, Gina, I’m going to miss you too.
dialog: But, you know, it’s not like we’re
dialog: dying. We’re just relocating and
dialog: changing things up a bit. We’ll be
dialog: back at least once a year. And you
dialog: and Tim can come down and stay with
dialog: us anytime. We have like five guest
dialog: rooms. Open invitation. Stay as
dialog: long as you like.
text: Gina laughs through tears at this joke.
text: LATER -- BARRY talks with Paul and Audrey. 71
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: And you guys didn’t consider Treasure
dialog: Island out in Palm Desert?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, we checked it out, but...
dialog: (looking at Audrey)
dialog: I mean, I liked it all right, but
dialog: Audrey thought they were a little
dialog: stingy with the amenities, especially
dialog: for what they charge in monthly
dialog: maintenance.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: And too hot. And really provincial --
dialog: everything is golf, golf, golf. And
dialog: almost no diversity. Super white
dialog: bread.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, no diversity.
text: 72 LATER -- Audrey’s father LARRY LUSTIG walks in.
text: him with a big hug.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Hi, Dad.
speaker_heading: LARRY LUSTIG
dialog: Your mother couldn’t bring herself to
dialog: come, but she sends her love. We’re
dialog: still expecting you tomorrow
text: afternoon at the house.
text: Paul arrives, and the men exchange a respectful
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Glad you made it, Larry.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: What can I get you, Dad?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let me. You guys visit.
speaker_heading: LARRY LUSTIG
dialog: Oh, just a beer. Any beer.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: Comin’ right up.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I wish Mom weren’t taking it so hard.
speaker_heading: LARRY LUSTIG
dialog: Well, you know your mother. To tell
dialog: you the truth, I was pretty skeptical
dialog: myself at first. You remember Jerry
dialog: Gross. Well, I called him up the
dialog: other day. He and Bev retired down
dialog: there, did the whole shrinking thing
dialog: you kids are doing. He says they’re
dialog: getting along just fine, never
dialog: better. Says he feels younger every
dialog: day, says one dollar buys a thousand
dialog: dollars worth of stuff.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 36
text: Audrey greets 72
text: handshake.
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: LARRY LUSTIG (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course they need that with all the
dialog: medication Bev takes. But yeah, they
dialog: play nine holes every morning. Even
dialog: taking a two-week cruise up to Alaska
dialog: next month. First class stateroom,
dialog: gourmet food, whole nine yards. Says
dialog: the whole thing’s costing around $150.
dialog: No, I see the appeal. And apparently
dialog: there’s zero crime. That’s what I
dialog: keep telling your mother.
text: 73 LATER -- The party has wound down, and Paul and Audrey enjoy 73
text: a final nightcap with close friends, including Tim, a friend
text: of Paul’s we’ve met before. A DRUNK GUY wanders over.
speaker_heading: DRUNK GUY
dialog: Hey, you guys are getting small,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’s right. My wife and I.
speaker_heading: DRUNK GUY
dialog: My friend over there has a question.
dialog: No offense, but do you think if
dialog: you’re that small, you should still
dialog: have all the same rights as the rest
dialog: of us? Same right to vote?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why wouldn’t we?
speaker_heading: DRUNK GUY
dialog: Well, let’s see. You’re not buying
dialog: as many products, you’re not paying
dialog: as much income tax, not really
dialog: participating in our economy. In
dialog: fact, you’re costing us money. And
dialog: jobs.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Hey, hey. That’s enough. We’re all
dialog: just having a good time here.
speaker_heading: DRUNK GUY
dialog: I’m just asking a simple academic
dialog: question. If anything, a quarter-
dialog: vote. At most.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: (dragging him away)
dialog: Come on, buddy. Let’s take a hike.
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: DRUNK GUY
dialog: I’m going. Or maybe an eighth!
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT PARKING LOT - NIGHT 74
text: Standing by their cars in the nearly deserted lot, Audrey and
text: Paul give their friends a final farewell hug.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL AND AUDREY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 75
text: All that remains is a mattress on the floor. Audrey sleeps as
text: Paul reads by the dreary light of a sconce. Without warning,
text: she begins to cry.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, honey.
text: Her shoulders convulse. Paul pulls off his reading glasses.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Honey, honey, I know. I know this is
dialog: a big step. It’s the biggest thing
dialog: we’ll do in our lives. I know, I
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You don’t know anything! You did
dialog: this! Why did you have to choose
dialog: such a stupid career? Why did you
dialog: have to be so... unambitious? Helping
dialog: people? What about helping yourself?
dialog: What about helping me? You’re so
dialog: goddamned stubborn! You did this!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, hey, hey, that’s completely
dialog: unfair. You’re the one who’s never
dialog: satisfied with anything. You’re the
dialog: one who says I spend too much time at
dialog: work. You’re the one who wants to
dialog: live in a palace.
dialog: You’re the one who says we can’t have
dialog: kids until we’re better off. You’re
dialog: the one who hates her job and hates
dialog: the cold weather and --
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I know! Don’t you think I know? Shut
dialog: up! Shut up!
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 39
scene_heading: INT. DUPLEX LIVING ROOM - DAY 76
text: The room is bare. Audrey removes her necklace and places it
text: inside their Leisureland KEEPSAKE BOX, a shoebox-sized
dialog: container for those few small irreplaceable treasures --
dialog: family photographs, jewelry, baby spoons, etc.
text: Audrey gets Paul’s attention and points at her ring finger.
text: Together they remove their wedding rings and place them on a
text: velvet-covered stem inside the box.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY 77
text: Audrey leans her head against Paul’s shoulder while he watches
dialog: the clouds.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I keep thinking I forgot something.
text: He kisses the top of her head.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBUQUERQUE AIRPORT TERMINAL - DAY 78
text: Carrying only their Keepsake Box, the Safraneks walk toward
text: the Leisureland shuttle bus at the center island, where they
text: join other NEW ARRIVALS with Keepsake Boxes of their own.
scene_heading: INT. LEISURELAND SHUTTLE BUS - MOVING - DAY 79
text: Seated on one side, Paul steals glances at the acrylic
text: containers locked in place across the aisle.
text: Inside the containers are downsized TRAVELERS in rows of first-
text: class airline seats. Just opposite the Safraneks are a MOTHER
text: and her ADULT SON in sandals and Hawaiian shirts.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Moving to town, are ya’?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How’s that?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (straining to be heard)
dialog: I see you’re moving to Leisureland.
dialog: (off Paul’s nod)
dialog: You look like a nice young couple.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Where you from?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Omaha.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Spokane. Nervous?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: A little. You know.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don’t be. It’s the best thing you’1l
dialog: ever do. And the medical part is no
dialog: big deal. Completely painless.
dialog: Except if you have a lot of dental re-
dialog: dos like my Dougie here. He had to
dialog: keep going back because he’d waited
dialog: too long to get a root canal while he
dialog: was still big. I said, Dougie, those
dialog: are your teeth. You only get one
dialog: set. Anyway, you don’t want to hear
dialog: about that. We just got back from
dialog: Turks and Caicos. Have you ever been
dialog: to Turks and Caicos?
speaker_heading: PAUL AND AUDREY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It’s so pretty. Back in Spokane, we
dialog: never went anywhere. But now it’s so
dialog: easy and so cheap. You get in this
text: contraption down at the travel
dialog: center, and you don’t have to budge
dialog: until you arrive at the hotel. And
dialog: the best part is you don’t have to
dialog: take your shoes off in security. I
dialog: don’t like taking my shoes off once I
dialog: have them on.
scene_heading: EXT. LEISURELAND PARKING LOT - DAY 80
text: The shuttle heads toward the TRANSITIONS CENTER, a building
text: not far from the Visitors’ Center.
scene_heading: INT. COUNSELING ROOM - DAY 81
text: Audrey and Paul sit across a desk from a pleasant and
text: efficient “final step” ADMINISTRATOR.
dialog: 41
text: She sorts Audrey and Paul’s papers, occasionally checking her
text: computer screen to verify information.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: Okay. And your medical records are
dialog: up to date. Very good. And you've
dialog: had no food or water for at least
dialog: twelve hours, right?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: We're starving.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: Oh, Audrey, you forgot to indicate if
dialog: you want the clothes you’re wearing
dialog: sent to someone you know or donated
dialog: to charity.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Charity.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: Great. Just one last thing we need
dialog: to take care of.
text: The Administrator adjusts a camera mounted to the top of her
text: computer monitor.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Paul, could you scoot over a little?
dialog: That’s it. Perfect. With your
dialog: permission I’m going to record your
dialog: answers to the following questions.
dialog: May I begin recording?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: Please state your full legal names.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Audrey Lustig Safranek
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Paul Norris Safranek.
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: Do you, Paul Norris Safranek, and
dialog: you, Audrey Lustig Safranek,
dialog: understand that, of your own free
dialog: will, you will undergo the permanent
dialog: and irreversible medical procedure
dialog: commonly known as “downsizing?” And
dialog: that following this procedure your
dialog: bodies will be approximately .0364%
dialog: of their current mass and volume?
dialog: It’s getting very real now.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: And do you give full consent to
dialog: Gateway Medical Services, a wholly
dialog: owned subsidiary of TD Enterprises,
dialog: to administer the medical procedure
dialog: commonly known as “downsizing?”
text: They check in with each other again and join hands.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: Do you understand that there exists
dialog: an approximately one in 225,000
dialog: chance that the procedure could
dialog: result in injury, permanent
dialog: disability or death?
speaker_heading: PAUL AND AUDREY
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: 82 INT. WAITING ROOM - DAY 82
text: Surrounded by other nervous CLIENTS, Paul and Audrey sit
text: holding hands. A NURSE approaches.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Paul Safranek?
dialog: 83
dialog: 85
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Come with me, please.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: We're together.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Someone will escort you to the
dialog: Women’s Facility shortly. You will
dialog: be separated for approximately five
dialog: hours, and following the procedure
dialog: you'll be reunited in the recovery
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay. Well, honey, I guess this is
dialog: it. I’11 see you tonight. On the
dialog: other side.
text: Audrey is so emotional she can barely speak. Paul takes her
text: in his arms.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I love you, too.
text: Paul gives her one last squeeze. The nurse leads him away.
scene_heading: INT. TREATMENT ROOM - DAY 83
text: Along with other men, Paul is shaved -- legs, back and
text: shoulders, scalp and eyebrows.
text: LATER --Paul is now completely HAIRLESS in a hospital gown and
text: lying on a gurney. An IV is inserted into his arm.
text: CLOSE on Paul as the anaesthetic takes effect.
scene_heading: INT. COLONIC THEATER - DAY 85
text: Paul is wheeled into a large, bright room with rows of colon-
dialog: cleansing stations.
text: A TECHNICIAN rolls Paul onto one side, lubricates a tapered
text: nozzle, and lifts the back of his gown.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 44
scene_heading: INT. DENTAL THEATER - DAY 86
text: A still-sedated Paul is at a station in this large room with
text: rows of dentists’ chairs. His mouth is held open with a
text: dental brace. A drill approaches.
text: FILLINGS drop inside a metal pan.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSIZING CHAMBER - DAY 87
text: Paul is wheeled inside a large stainless steel room, where he
text: is one of some 20 SEDATED MEN. NURSES pull the IVs from the
text: men’s arms and remove their gowns, leaving them naked.
text: A SUPERVISOR makes a final inspection -- looking in a mouth
text: here, adjusting a head there -- before leaving the chamber and
text: securing the door.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSIZING CHAMBER CONTROL ROOM - DAY 88
text: A spinning red light. An alarm bell. A flipped switch.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: All clear!
text: A low hum begins, interrupted at intervals by a loud thunk,
text: like an MRI.
text: Nurses and orderlies wait for the process to complete. One
text: offers another a piece of his Kit-Kat bar.
text: A gauge registers progress by displaying smaller and smaller
text: silhouettes of a man. The supervisor keeps an eye on things
text: through a small window in the chamber door.
text: BING! Everyone begins moving again.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSIZING CHAMBER - DAY 89
text: The door opens. In the center of each gurney lies a tiny
text: naked man.
text: Three nurses enter pushing carts, each bearing eight tiny
text: gurneys on top. The nurses gingerly “spatula” each downsized
text: man onto the small gurneys. As they work, we find Paul just
text: as he is scooped up -- a bald, naked peanut.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSIZING CHAMBER STAGING AREA - DAY 90
text: The nurses guide the carts to DOCKING STATIONS set into a wall.
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 45
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER STAGING AREA - DAY 91
text: ORDERLIES, most of them West Indian, stand chatting and
text: checking their watches. At the sound of an all-clear buzzer,
text: they roll up a large garage-style door and --
scene_heading: INT. DOCKING STATION - DAY 92
text: -- walk out onto the carts, revealing that they too are the
text: same small size as the new arrivals. The orderlies begin
text: unlocking the gurneys to roll them away.
scene_heading: TINY ORDERLY #1
dialog: Man, we got some real fatties this
dialog: time.
text: A nurse from the other side pokes her enormous head in.
speaker_heading: BIG NURSE
dialog: How’s everybody doing today?
scene_heading: TINY ORDERLIES
dialog: Fine. Good. How are you today,
dialog: Joyce?
speaker_heading: BIG NURSE
dialog: Me? I’m great. Just getting ready
dialog: for the weekend. We’re driving up to
dialog: Denver for my cousin’s wedding.
scene_heading: TINY ORDERLY #2
dialog: Oh... that sounds nice!
scene_heading: INT. LEISURELAND DENTAL AREA - DAY 93
text: DENTISTS and ASSISTANTS attend to the newly-downsized. One
text: dentist compares Paul’s open mouth against X-rays and charts
text: on a computer screen.
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY 94
text: CLOSE on Paul regaining consciousness.
text: He lifts his head to examine his hands and arms. He gives his
text: sore jaw a massage, then peeks under the sheet, relieved to
text: find his “equipment” as it should be.
text: A CHEERY NURSE opens the door.
speaker_heading: CHEERY NURSE
dialog: I see you’ve decided to join us.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is this... Is it over?
speaker_heading: CHEERY NURSE
dialog: Welcome to Leisureland. Hungry?
text: She lugs in a normal-size two-pack of SALTINES, now comically
dialog: large.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, my God.
speaker_heading: CHEERY NURSE
dialog: Isn’t that cute? People just love
dialog: that.
dialog: (setting it aside)
dialog: I’ll bring you a little snack in a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thanks. Um, I think my wife was
dialog: supposed to be here with me.
speaker_heading: CHEERY NURSE
dialog: What’s her name?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Audrey Safranek.
speaker_heading: CHEERY NURSE
dialog: (consulting a chart)
dialog: Safranek, just like yours. Let me
dialog: see. We do have an Audrey Safranek
dialog: scheduled for today, but I don’t show
dialog: her transferred over yet.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: CHEERY NURSE
text: No, no. She’s probably just held up
dialog: in dental. 1I'’11 go check.
speaker_heading: 95 LATER -- 95
text: Paul sits up nervously jiggling one leg. The nurse comes back
text: inside and offers him a telephone.
speaker_heading: CHEERY NURSE
dialog: Mr. Safranek, you’ve got a call.
dialog: 96
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (answering)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: AUDREY (ON PHONE)
dialog: Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Audrey, thank God. Where are you,
dialog: honey?
speaker_heading: AUDREY (ON PHONE)
dialog: Don’t be mad at me. Please don’t be
dialog: mad. It’s hard enough as it is.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What's hard? What are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: AUDREY (ON PHONE)
dialog: Oh, Paul, they shaved my head, then
dialog: they started shaving off my eyebrows,
dialog: and I just thought, what am I doing? I
dialog: can’t leave my family, all my friends.
dialog: I can’t do it. I’m sorry, Paul. I
dialog: just can’t. I’m not like you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where are you?
text: Silence. Then Paul overhears what sounds like a boarding
dialog: announcement.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you at the airport?
scene_heading: INT. ALBUQUERQUE AIRPORT - NIGHT - INTERCUT 96
text: Audrey is at a PAY PHONE, her bald head hidden under a hat,
text: one eyebrow desperately drawn in with mascara.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (beginning to sob)
dialog: Don’t hate me. Don’t hate me.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay, okay. Take it easy. Just
dialog: get in a taxi and come back so we
dialog: can talk about this. Okay? We’1l
dialog: go back to Omaha and think this
dialog: through together.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 97
dialog: Click.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (an ominous silence)
dialog: Wait. You’re not leaving me here.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Can’t you understand how I feel? I
dialog: feel terrible, Paul. I let you
dialog: down, and I feel awful about it.
dialog: But I realized I was just trying to
dialog: make you happy. I should have been
dialog: thinking more about myself.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thinking about yourself? That’s all
dialog: you ever do! You know, you haven't
dialog: even asked me how I am!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Don’t yell. Don’t yell at me, or
dialog: I’1l hang up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (lower)
dialog: Do you have any idea what I’ve just
dialog: been through? Audrey, if you don’t
dialog: come back here right now --
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: And see you all small? I’m upset
dialog: enough already.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: You’re upset? You’re upset? I’m the
dialog: one who’s four fucking inches tall!
scene_heading: INT. TRANSITIONS CENTER LOBBY - DAY 97
text: A combination of a hospital lobby and the arrivals area of an
text: international airport. FAMILY MEMBERS wait with balloons and
text: flowers, squealing when reunited with hairless loved ones.
text: A gloomy, bald Paul walks toward the exit accompanied by sunny
dialog: orientation volunteer MATT.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I was sorry to hear Mrs. Safranek
dialog: couldn’t make it today.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (correcting his pronunciation)
dialog: Safranek.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Safranek. Well, it’s not a half-
dialog: bad
dialog: get
dialog: idea to scout things out and
dialog: everything ready for her.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. TRANSITIONS CENTER - DAY 98
dialog: Paul and Matt
dialog: first look at
dialog: The
dialog: you
dialog: on.
text: walk out into the sunlight, and Paul takes his
dialog: his new city of residence.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: net blocks a lot of UV rays, but
dialog: still might want to put your hat
text: They head toward a cluster of “Ride-Share” vehicles that
text: resemble a cross between a golf cart and a Smart car.
dialog: Any
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT'D)
dialog: time you need to get somewhere,
dialog: just hop in one these bad boys. And
dialog: if they’re in short supply, it’s fun
dialog: to share. I’ve met some super people
dialog: that way. Just super.
scene_heading: 99 INT. RIDE-SHARE CAR - DAY 99
text: Paul looks blankly out the window, absorbed in his own private
dialog: agony.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Over to your right there, that
text: big white oval building is one of
dialog: our seven Sports Centers and the
dialog: one that houses the largest
dialog: indoor skiing facility in the
dialog: world -- you know, relatively
dialog: speaking. And over there is Lake
dialog: Chester, named for Mr. Dale’s
dialog: dog.
scene_heading: 100 EXT. PAUL’S BLOCK - DAY 100
text: The car rolls down a street and stops in front of a house
text: eerily like the one Paul and Audrey toured back in Omaha.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Look familiar?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’s the one.
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: The Barrington. Good call. My
dialog: sister’s got one. Loves it. Loves
dialog: it. Basically like the Regency but a
dialog: lot more bells and whistles. I like
dialog: the colors you picked out, too.
dialog: Snazzy.
dialog: (handing over a fob)
dialog: Well, sir, here’s the key to your
dialog: kingdom. Welcome to the good life.
text: They stock the kitchen with some
dialog: standard items, but one thing I should
dialog: warn you about is the dairy -- it takes
dialog: a while for your stomach to adjust to
dialog: milk and cheese, so go easy. Something
dialog: about the bacteria. And careful with
dialog: the hot water. It’s all on one central
dialog: system, and they keep it cranked up
dialog: pretty high. I’m surprised they
dialog: haven’t had a lawsuit yet.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thanks, Matt. You’re a nice guy.
text: Paul gets out and trudges toward his new house.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You need anything, you call me.
dialog: Anything at all. And Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Thanks for helping the planet.
text: Paul gives a little wave and closes the front door as if
text: sealing himself inside a tomb.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S LEISURELAND HOUSE - DAY 101
text: Walking across the foyer and into the “great room,” Paul
text: spots a bouquet, an oversized bottle of champagne, and a
dialog: card.
dialog: Paul and Audrey, Welcome Home! -- Tony Dale
text: He walks to the windows and surveys his palatial back yard.
scene_heading: EXT. TENNIS COURT - DAY 102
text: Paul wanders across.
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: 107A
dialog: 51
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - DAY 103
text: Like Charles Foster Kane, Paul plods past huge mirrors, his
text: diminishing image reflected into infinity.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 104
text: Paul inspects this expansive room decorated with a decidedly
dialog: feminine touch.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S LEISURELAND HOUSE - DAY 105
text: At a repeated doorbell ring, Paul opens the front door to find
text: a MOVER with a clipboard.
speaker_heading: MOVER
dialog: Safranek?
text: Paul nods. The mover turns toward his truck -- Paul and
text: Audrey's keepsake box mounted to a cab.
speaker_heading: MOVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay!
text: Another MOVER walks toward the house carrying what look like
text: two hula hoops -- his and Audrey’s WEDDING RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BATHROOM - DAY 106
text: Paul robotically removes his clothes, steps into the shower,
text: and turns on the water.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Owwww!
scene_heading: INT. MEDIA ROOM - DAY 107
text: Paul sits in a recliner, watching TV and guzzling champagne.
scene_heading: ON TV - A NEWS REPORT 107A
text: An ANCHOR speaks to camera, while behind him/her a GRAPHIC
text: depicts an open box with a Vietnamese flag on the side and
text: question mark rising out of it.
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: For years both the Department of
dialog: Homeland Security and the INS have
dialog: been warning about the ease with
dialog: which downsized persons -- from
dialog: illegal immigrants to potential
dialog: terrorists -- could penetrate U.S.
dialog: borders. Last week’s discovery in
dialog: Eugene, Oregon provided tragic new
dialog: evidence to support that claim.
dialog: Brian Fakler brings us up to date.
scene_heading: 107B EXT. COSTCO - DAY 107B
speaker_heading: BRIAN FAKLER
dialog: This Costco is just one of thousands
dialog: of big-box stores around the country
dialog: that import almost a million tons of
dialog: goods weekly, most of it from Asia.
dialog: Last week workers here in Eugene
text: opened a suspicious TV box and
dialog: discovered seventeen downsized
dialog: stowaways from Vietnam, fourteen of
text: them already dead, two more dying
text: hours later at a local hospital.
scene_heading: 107C INSERT - RECYCLED PRESS CONFERENCE FOOTAGE 107C
text: POLICE display the BOX in question. One stained bottom corner
text: is perforated with tiny holes punched out for air.
speaker_heading: BRIAN FAKLER (V.O.)
text: On Friday, the lone survivor, a 45-
dialog: year-old woman named Ngoc Lan Tran,
dialog: was transferred to a hospital at
dialog: Leisureland Estates in New Mexico,
dialog: widely considered the country’s top
dialog: medical center for the small.
dialog: Doctors were forced to amputate a
text: portion of an infected leg, and today
dialog: her condition is described as fair
dialog: but stable.
scene_heading: 107D INSERT - “B-ROLL” FOOTAGE 107D
text: Ngoc Lan Tran is transferred from a helicopter to a medical
text: team outside Leisureland.
speaker_heading: 107E
dialog: 108
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: BRIAN FAKLER (V.O.)
dialog: Yesterday, U.S. officials were able
dialog: to question the woman for the first
dialog: time. According to a statement from
dialog: the Department of Homeland Security,
dialog: Ms. Tran claims to have been jailed
dialog: for her environmental and political
dialog: activism and, along with dozens of
text: other dissidents, was miniaturized
dialog: against her will in a Vietnamese
dialog: prison facility. If true, this would
dialog: bolster accusations by human rights
dialog: groups that repressive governments
dialog: around the world are forcibly
text: downsizing scores of prisoners and
dialog: political undesirables.
text: DOLLY IN on Paul. PAN to reveal the wedding rings leaning 107E
text: against a wall.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT 108
text: Tergehl continues his tale.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL
dialog: Yes, Oodreh's mind was so bedeviled
dialog: that she abandoned poor Safrapiil.
text: Some of the women in the clan dry their eyes.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (CONT’D)
dialog: Can you imagine wishing to remain
dialog: among the giants? With all of their
dialog: fighting and all of their hunger?
text: Trampling the ground with their huge
dialog: feet?
text: To the children’s squeals of delight, Tergehl mocks how a
text: giant may have walked with unwieldy limbs.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (CONT’D)
dialog: Yet, incredible as it seems, more and
dialog: more of the giants began to fear and
dialog: despise their smaller brethren. They
dialog: already hated one another. Why would
dialog: they not hate us even more?
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 54
scene_heading: EXT. GOVERNMENT BUILDING - DAY 109
text: A group of PROTESTORS hold sign saying things like,
dialog: “Downsizing Shrinks a Beating Heart” and “Horton was Wrong.”
speaker_heading: PROTESTER
dialog: The Bible doesn’t say nothing about
dialog: little people, and the constitution
dialog: doesn’t either.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VATICAN - DAY 110
text: The POPE speaks from his balcony.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: As for the gift of science, as much
dialog: as it helps combat famine and
dialog: disease, it has no place interfering
dialog: in God’s design -- not in
dialog: reproduction, not in genetic
dialog: engineering, and not in altering the
dialog: very dimensions of our divine being.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY MALL - DAY 111
text: Two wealthy OLDER WOMEN opine.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: It’s like a mouse. How little they
dialog: are and run around on their little
dialog: feet. You don’t know which way
dialog: they’re going to go. They might run
dialog: up your leg.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: And they're dirty. They’re too close
text: to the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSCOW STREET - DAY 112
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: I just don’t feel safe in my home. I
dialog: think one of those small people is
dialog: going to sneak in and watch me on the
dialog: toilet. You can’t trust them.
dialog: They’re too small.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 55
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
speaker_heading: OLDER GUY
dialog: All those people used to put in an
dialog: honest day’s work, and now they’re
dialog: running off to get little and sip
dialog: their pifia coladas. I went into a
dialog: Target the other day, and wasn’t
dialog: nobody to help me. It was like a
text: ghost town in there.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: In a way, the giants were right.
dialog: There was much to fear from such a
text: rapid exodus.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMY BASE - STOCK FOOTAGE
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
text: Soldiers would abandon their posts.
scene_heading: EXT. WHEAT FIELD - STOCK FOOTAGE
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Crops would be left to rot.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY - STOCK FOOTAGE
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Workshops would be abandoned and
text: overrun by wolves.
scene_heading: EXT. COAL FURNACE - STOCK FOOTAGE
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Who would tend their fires?
scene_heading: EXT. WOMEN AT A RIVER - STOCK FOOTAGE
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Who would wash their robes?
scene_heading: INT. LEISURELAND CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE on Paul two years later. His hair and eyebrows have
dialog: grown back.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: But what of Safrapiil? Far removed
dialog: from the troubles of the world, he
dialog: was leading a monastic life of
text: poverty and chastity, purging himself
dialog: of the past and unaware of the
dialog: adventures that lay ahead.
text: WIDE -- Paul stands atop a table, pen in hand.
speaker_heading: LAWYER (0.S.)
dialog: Do we need to review any of the terms
dialog: of the settlement?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, it’s all pretty clear.
speaker_heading: LAWYER (0.S.)
dialog: I really wish you’d taken her first
dialog: offer.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: LAWYER (0.S.)
dialog: All right. Please step back a
dialog: little. Don’t want you to get hurt.
text: The LAWYER lays down a thick stack of normal-sized documents
text: bristling with “Sign Here” flags. Paul steps up onto them.
speaker_heading: LAWYER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry, would you mind removing your
dialog: shoes?
text: Paul dutifully slips off his shoes, walks to the signature
text: line, kneels, and begins to sign.
speaker_heading: LAWYER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: As large as you can, please.
text: WIDER -- The normal-size lawyer watches Paul laboriously
text: produce a deformed, oversized signature.
speaker_heading: LAWYER (CONT’D)
dialog: Nice weather down here. Turned real
text: cold back in Omaha.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Wind chill.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 57
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CONDOMINIUM - DAY 120
text: A coffee-for-one brewer fills a travel mug. Paul hurries in
text: from the bedroom of his humble, post-divorce dwelling, grabs
text: his coffee, and hurries out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MARINA - DAY 121
text: Paul exits this apartment complex overlooking a LAKE.
scene_heading: INT. TOLL-FREE CALL CENTER - DAY 122
text: Paul weaves his way glumly through a massive array of
text: cubicles. A CO-WORKER gets his attention.
speaker_heading: CO-WORKER
dialog: Hey, Paul, thanks. You were right.
dialog: Raising my monitor really did the
dialog: trick. My neck feels better and no
dialog: more tingling in my arm. I never
dialog: would have made the connection.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Glad to help.
text: At his cubicle, Paul takes a seat, dons his headset, and
text: answers his first call of the day.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello and thank you for calling
dialog: Land’s End. My name is Paul. No,
dialog: ma’am, I’ve never been to India. I’m
dialog: in New Mexico. How can I help you?
dialog: Sure, let me check.
scene_heading: INT. GONDOLA - DAY 123
text: Paul cradles a gift-wrapped box in his lap and gazes absently
text: at the city far below.
scene_heading: EXT. DAVE AND CAROL JOHNSON’S HOUSE - DAY 124
text: Paul plods toward a VERSAILLES, Leisureland’s most extravagant
dialog: home.
scene_heading: EXT. DAVE AND CAROL JOHNSON’S BACKYARD - DAY 125
text: Paul emerges through French doors and heads toward a birthday
text: party for seven-year-old MADISON and twenty-five FRIENDS.
dialog: 126
dialog: 58
text: Kids take pony rides and a magician performs.
text: FROM A DISTANCE we watch Paul approach Dave and Carol, hearing
dialog: only --
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Ciao, bello!
text: They exchange pleasantries, and Paul is instructed to place
text: his present atop an obscene mountain of other gifts.
text: LATER -- Paul observes the lavish goings-on. Dave wanders 126
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey, pal. Why the long face?
dialog: (off Paul’s shrug)
dialog: Look around you, buddy. Life is
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I made a mistake, Dave. Biggest
dialog: mistake of my life. Should have
dialog: stayed where I was.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey, hey, hey. I know divorce
dialog: puts a pretty big dent in
dialog: anybody’s self-esteem, and what
dialog: Audrey did to you was beyond the
dialog: pale. I hate her. I barely know
dialog: her, and you may not hate her, but
dialog: I hate her. You just have to get
dialog: back in the saddle, that’s all.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Maybe some day.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: If you want my advice, single moms
dialog: are the way to go. They’ve got the
dialog: whole kid thing out of their
dialog: system, and they just want to
dialog: party. A few of ‘em here today.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’s okay, I’m --
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: And if you're not ready for
dialog: emotional connection, there’re
dialog: plenty of good times to be had down
dialog: here, no strings attached. Just put
dialog: it on your credit card.
dialog: 127
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thanks, but I’m good. Really. In
dialog: fact, I’ve started seeing someone.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Oh, yeah?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Single mom, actually.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Ho, ho. Now we’re talking. Well, if
dialog: that doesn’t work out, or even if it
dialog: does, there’s this one chick, Stacy?
dialog: Ouch. Like a Victoria’s Secret
dialog: model, only sluttier. The tricks she
dialog: knows -- man, oh, man. Hey, first
dialog: time’s on me.
text: Paul’s gaze drifts to Madison, giggling atop a pony.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’
scene_heading: S LIVING ROOM - DUSK 127
text: The doorbell rings. Wiping his hands, Paul hurries from the
text: kitchen and greets pleasant but stiff KRISTEN SWANSON, who
text: holds a pie.
dialog: She spots
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hi, Kristen.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Hi. I brought dessert. Apple-
text: blueberry.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You didn’t have to do that.
text: a huge yellow ROSE in a vase.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Wow, is that a real flower? Where’d
dialog: you get that?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Full-Sized Flower Mart. Just opened.
dialog: It’s like you’ve never seen a flower
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It’s beautiful.
dialog: 128
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I was tempted to get a lily, but, you
dialog: know, it’d smell up the whole
dialog: apartment. Plus the pollen.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Paul and Kristen enjoy dinner.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Paul, this is so good.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thanks. The recipe called for
dialog: chervil, but you can’t get chervil
dialog: here yet. I used dill.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Well, whatever it is, it’s super-
dialog: yummy .
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It’s the little things. I mean,
dialog: except for no birds and insects
dialog: you’d almost think we’re in the
dialog: normal world. Then something
dialog: happens, and you realize we’re not.
dialog: Not that substituting dill for
dialog: chervil’s a big thing, but you
dialog: know.
text: They smile and shake their heads. Life sure is strange.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Like last month when my parents came
dialog: down to visit Jonah and me --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: -- and it’s like this whole
dialog: production with the carrying boxes,
text: and Jonah gets freaked out by
dialog: Grandma and Grandpa being so huge
dialog: and scary. One night they took us
dialog: for dinner at Fleming’s, you know,
dialog: real nice, and of course Jonah and
dialog: I are sitting on the table in those
dialog: special seats, and the big people
dialog: wouldn't stop staring at us.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 128
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Plus, the restaurant brags about
dialog: how small people are welcome, but
dialog: then they charge a huge minimum.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They should be charging big people
dialog: extra. They’re the ones dragging the
dialog: world down.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I know. Big people look at us like
dialog: we're the freaks. They’re the
dialog: freaks. I mean, sure, I brought
dialog: Jonah here mostly for the schools,
dialog: but I also know I’m at least trying
dialog: to do something good. Oh, did you
dialog: hear about all that gas being
dialog: released in Antarctica? From the
dialog: ice?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Haven’t really been following the
dialog: news much lately.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Yeah, apparently it’s a big deal. A
dialog: lot of scientists are saying we’re
dialog: already way beyond --
text: Kristen is interrupted by a blast of EURO-DISCO thumping
text: through the ceiling, followed by raucous LAUGHTER. Paul
text: offers an apologetic grimace.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: My upstairs neighbor. For months I
dialog: don’t hear a peep -- I guess he
dialog: wasn’t even here -- then suddenly
dialog: it’s party, party, party.
dialog: The other night I had to call
dialog: Security.
text: He wipes his mouth and heads toward his balcony.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Some Serbian guy. Businessman or
dialog: something.
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: A130
dialog: 130
dialog: 62
scene_heading: EXT. PAUL’S BALCONY - NIGHT 129
text: Paul reaches the railing and yells up toward the balcony
dialog: above.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dusan!
dialog: (pronounced “Dushan”)
dialog: Hey, Dusan!
scene_heading: EXT. DUSAN’S BALCONY - PAUL’S POV - CONTINUOUS A130
text: Euro-handsome DUSAN MIRKOVIC leans over the railing.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You mind turning down the music?
dialog: Trying to have a quiet evening down
dialog: here.
text: Dusan gives Paul a little wave of “no problem.” Dusan's
text: French girlfriend MARIETTE peeks over the railing, too.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S DINING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 130
text: The volume of the music is lower than before, but not much.
text: Paul and Kirsten continue with their meal. For the moment,
text: neither can think of anything to say, so they simply eat and
text: exchange smiles.
text: The doorbell. Paul gets up to open it.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Hello, my friend.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dusan.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: May I come in?
text: Once inside, Dusan gives Paul’s apartment a quick once-over.
speaker_heading: DUSAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry I am disturbing your nice
dialog: little dinner, but listen, Pete --
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Paul. And Kristen.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Hello, Kristen. Like I was saying,
dialog: I’m having one more, you know, little
dialog: party at my place tonight. Justa
dialog: few friends. Not big like last time.
dialog: Very small.
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: No! Is that a rose? A real rose?
dialog: From where you get a real rose?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: New store. Full-Sized Flower Mart.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Here in Leisureland? Why did I not
dialog: have such a brilliant idea? How much
dialog: they are charging for this?
speaker_heading: MARIETTE (0.S.)
dialog: Dusan!
text: Dusan steps out onto Paul’s balcony and looks up.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Quoi, ma cherie?
speaker_heading: MARIETTE (0.S.)
dialog: (French)
dialog: Dusan, what are you doing down there?
text: The caterers just arrived with the
dialog: food and are asking where to put
dialog: everything. I told them in the
dialog: kitchen. Now they’re asking to be
dialog: paid.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Oui, ma cherie. J’arrive.
dialog: (back inside)
dialog: Anyway, Paul, listen, if tonight
dialog: noise disturbs you, just come
dialog: upstairs and talk to me. Don’t make
dialog: big show like last time yelling like
dialog: crazy man. We are neighbors. And
dialog: neighbors are friends. What’s
dialog: better, come to the party.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thanks, but like I said, we’re just
text: trying to have a nice, quiet dinner.
dialog: So try to keep it down, okay?
dialog: 131
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Yes, darling. Of course.
dialog: 64
text: Dusan puts a finger to his lips and makes a point of tip-
text: toeing to the door, closing it without a sound.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Kind of a jerk, right?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What’s he even doing here? Aren't
dialog: there like a ton of small cities in
dialog: Europe?
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Their date at an end, Paul walks Kristen down the hal
text: Booming bass notes penetrate through the ceiling.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, small party.
dialog: (imitating)
dialog: Just a few friends.
text: Arriving at the elevator --
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Well, thanks for a really nice time.
dialog: Plus, cooking and all. Sorry I have
dialog: to leave so early, but, you know, the
dialog: sitter.
text: The elevator opens, and drunken SPANIARDS spill out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: One floor up.
text: They disappear back into the elevator.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: So... Sunday. I was hoping we could
dialog: bring Jonah. I'd like to meet him.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Yeah. Maybe.
text: Paul leans in for a kiss. Kristen allows it, but her
dialog: not in it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is something wrong?
dialog: 131
dialog: lway.
dialog: heart’s
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: No. I mean, you’re a wonderful guy,
dialog: Paul, and I’ve really enjoyed hanging
dialog: out with you...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (face darkening)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: ...-but if I’m honest about how I’m
dialog: feeling, I just, well, I think it’s
dialog: still a little early for me to --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Fine. I get it. Fine.
text: Paul smacks the “down” button and walks away.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: No, Paul, listen, I only meant, if
dialog: we're bringing Jonah into it --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Have a good night.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CONDOMINIUM - NIGHT 132
text: Paul slams the door behind him and surveys the remnants of
text: dinner. He picks up the leftover pie and throws it away,
dialog: plate and all.
text: Music and laughter crescendo upstairs. Paul looks at the
dialog: ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN’S HALLWAY - NIGHT 133
text: Now lugging the huge rose, Paul exits the elevator and heads
text: toward the party.
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 134
text: Paul steps inside to find DOZENS OF PEOPLE -- various
text: languages, fashionable eyewear, distinctive shoes.
text: Dusan's chic apartment could not be more different from Paul’s
text: with its double-high ceilings, wide doorways, fireplaces, hip
dialog: furnishings.
text: Feeling instantly out of place, Paul is about to leave.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Paul! You came. And you bring the
dialog: rose.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Peace offering.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Look, everybody. This is Paul, my
dialog: neighbor. Look at what he brings me -
dialog: - a real rose. A real fucking rose!
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: Do you think any of these other
dialog: ungrateful sons of bitches think to
dialog: bring something to Dusan? Only you.
dialog: I like you. What about your blonde
dialog: American friend?
text: Paul shakes his head. Dusan nods in approval.
speaker_heading: DUSAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Why bring sand to the beach?
dialog: (escorting Paul)
dialog: Look, I know I said it was going to
dialog: be a small party, but it’s not my
dialog: fault. I make two or three phone
dialog: calls to close friends, and look what
dialog: happens. Everyone comes. Nothing
dialog: else to do in this fucking city after
dialog: 10 o’clock. This I do not
dialog: understand. It’s not as if so many
dialog: people have work in the morning. Is
dialog: the worst trait of small people --
dialog: they are lazy. Not all, but most.
dialog: Like this lazy guy. Konrad!
text: KONRAD is an older German in nautical attire -- turtleneck,
text: double-breasted blazer -- helping himself to a splendid buffet
text: of both normal-sized and small gourmet foods.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: What’s that you say about me? What
dialog: lies are you telling?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Just that in the small world no one
dialog: wants to work.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: What did you expect? That is the
dialog: wonderful thing about becoming small.
dialog: You are immediately rich. Unless you
dialog: are very poor. Then you are only
dialog: small.
speaker_heading: A135
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Actually, I wouldn’t call myself
dialog: poor, but I have a job --
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Konrad is sea captain. Never more
text: than ten meters from his boat.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: I do like my boat. Come, I’11 show you.
text: Locking arms with Paul and speaking with sudden intimacy,
text: Konrad leads him onto --
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - NIGHT A135
text: Konrad points out a YACHT in the marina below.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: There she is -- Sonja, my beauty. An
text: exact replica of an English yacht
dialog: from 1927. You see, I am from many
dialog: generations, all the way to my
dialog: grandfathers and my father — all sea
dialog: captains. I remember very well I was
dialog: seven years old when my grandfather
dialog: took me for the first time on his
dialog: boat. I will never forget the
text: rocking of the waves, the sound of
text: the wind, the blackness of the water.
dialog: From that moment I knew I would be a
dialog: sea captain too.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What brings you to Leisureland?
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: Dusan. He even convinced me to become
dialog: small, mostly for the women and the
dialog: parties. And, frankly, my wife had
dialog: all the money, so after she left,
dialog: things became, let’s say, tricky.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I can relate.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: It’s really quite wonderful to be
dialog: small, don’t you think?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'd say it has its pluses and
dialog: minuses.
dialog: 135
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: I am here in your city about once a
dialog: year, always with Dusan. Next week I
dialog: will be in the Seychelles, and two
dialog: weeks after that I’1l meet friends for
text: a month of sailing on Lake Titicaca.
dialog: Can you believe I’ve never been to
dialog: Lake Titicaca?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Wait, how do you get your boat from
dialog: place to place? You can’t sail it.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: Fed-Ex, my boy. Sonja travels faster
dialog: than I do.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM/BILLIARD AREA - NIGHT 135
text: Paul wanders around the party, an amiable smile on his face.
text: He moseys into another room, where a handsome YOUNG MAN holds
dialog: court.
text: A small group of party-goers surround him, hanging onto his
text: every word and laughing at his jokes. Paul joins them,
text: standing at the back.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to a guy)
dialog: Who is that?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Who’s that? That’s Little Ronni.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Little Ronni?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: The first small baby ever born. You
dialog: know, back in Norway.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Little Ronni? Holy shit. That’s
dialog: Little Ronni?
text: Paul gathers his courage and makes his way over to Ronni.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry to interrupt, but are you
dialog: really Little Ronni?
dialog: 136
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: LITTLE RONNI
dialog: Well, maybe not so little anymore,
dialog: but yes, that’s me.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Wow. Would you mind if I got a
dialog: picture?
text: Paul holds out his phone for a selfie. Little Ronni gamely
text: puts an arm around Paul and pulls him hard into his chest.
text: Big smiles.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR SWIMMING POOL - NIGHT 136
text: Paul wanders down the steps toward the pool area, where
text: revelers DANCE. There he watches Dusan dancing with complete
text: abandon, king of the party, sandwiched between Mariette, whom
text: he kisses open-mouthed, and another woman.
text: Paul is approached by a hippie-ish YOUNG WOMAN, like one might
text: meet at a jam-band concert. Paul returns her enigmatic smile.
text: She hugs him and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (above the music)
dialog: Thanks. So are you.
text: The woman begins dancing. Paul gamely joins in.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m Paul. I live downstairs.
text: She removes a pill from a tiny case and offers it to him.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it?
text: She wiggles her eyebrows suggestively.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to know what it is.
dialog: Allergies.
text: She places the pill on her extended tongue, sweetening the
text: offer. Paul demurs. She shrugs and turns away.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait.
text: Paul turns her around and kisses her, sucking her tongue and
text: the pill deeply into his mouth. He assumes there’s more fun
text: in store, but she just nods approvingly, strokes his cheek and
text: dances away.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 70
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 137
text: Locking the door, Paul sticks his finger down his throat in an
text: unsuccessful attempt to induce vomiting.
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 138
text: A circle of people converse in Greek. Paul wanders by, eyes
text: wide, smiling, just enjoying the sounds.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I’m going to take off my shoes.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR SWIMMING POOL - NIGHT 139
text: Paul is peaking -- eyes shut, arms overhead, dancing to a
text: rhythm only vaguely related to the music. Dusan wanders by.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Having a good time?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I just realized... There’s no reason
dialog: to be unhappy. I mean, I’m here in
dialog: Leisureland, but really I’m
dialog: everywhere. I’m connected to
dialog: everybody. Everything’s... just the
dialog: way it’s supposed to be.
text: PAUL'S DRUG-INDUCED POV -- streaked and vibrant. Dusan
text: laughs, looking directly into camera.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Yes, baby! As long as the world is
dialog: going to shit, let’s make a little
dialog: money and let’s have a good time.
dialog: (in Serbian)
dialog: You’re about to enter whole new world!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: UNDER BLACK -- 140
text: The sound of a DOORBELL.
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN’S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE on Paul passed out on the floor, wedged between a sofa
text: and a coffee table. The doorbell rings again, startling him
dialog: awake.
dialog: 141
dialog: 71
text: PAUL’S POV -- Dusan’s hairy legs stagger toward the door,
text: stop short, then approach him.
speaker_heading: DUSAN (0.S.)
dialog: Who is that? Who is down there?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It’s me, Paul.
speaker_heading: DUSAN (0.S.)
dialog: Paul who? Who is Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: From downstairs. You know, Paul.
text: The doorbell again.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Enough with the fucking doorbell!
text: He opens the door.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (unusual Asian accent)
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Dusan. We come
dialog: clean for you.
text: Paul watches the legs of a small cleaning crew enter,
text: interest piqued by one person’s crude PROSTHETIC FOOT.
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN’S KITCHEN - DAY
text: Paul shuffles in to find Dusan rooting around.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Fucking hyenas ate everything. I am
dialog: surprised there is even still water
text: when I turn on the sink.
dialog: his
dialog: 141
text: Paul sits on a stool, and Dusan pours him coffee. From the
text: next room comes the sound of vacuuming.
speaker_heading: DUSAN (CONT’D)
dialog: So you had fun last night, yes? You
dialog: did not know you were so lucky to
dialog: have exciting neighbor such as me.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Never been to a party like that. So
dialog: many Europeans. Did you know Little
dialog: Ronni was here? I mean, he’s
dialog: historic.
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: And boring. Good looking dumb
dialog: Norwegian guy goes around the world
dialog: having sex with everybody -- women,
dialog: men, hermaphrodites, dogs, goats,
dialog: monkeys. He’ll be the first small
dialog: baby to die of syphilis. But yes,
dialog: okay, historic.
text: Glancing into the next room, Paul notices that the one-legged
text: woman is the one steering the vacuum cleaner.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Apparently he still lives in the
dialog: original colony, you know, over in
dialog: Norway. I’ve always wanted to see
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: It’s all right.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You’ve been there?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: I go once or twice a year.
dialog: Konrad, too. We make business there.
dialog: Good business.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Man, that really must be something to
dialog: see. You can’t even find pictures of
dialog: it online.
dialog: Dusan studies Paul.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Yes, my friend. The world is filled
dialog: with things to see. I don’t know
dialog: you, Paul, but I like you. I like
dialog: you very much. And my advice is to
dialog: get out of your disgusting little
dialog: fucking apartment and open your eyes.
dialog: Don’t be so American. Why you even
dialog: are small if you live like that, like
dialog: a rat in a cage? And that ugly
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Kristen? She’s not ugly.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Only your furniture is more ugly.
dialog: You are nice guy, Paul, but little
dialog: bit pathetic guy. You need help --
dialog: you know, how to think about life.
dialog: Last night you dance and you laugh,
dialog: but inside you cry.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, who are you to talk to me like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: I am your neighbor, Dusan Mirkovic.
dialog: And neighbors are friends. And
text: friends tell friends the truth.
dialog: Okay, maybe sometimes I’m a little
dialog: bit asshole, but the world needs
dialog: assholes. Otherwise where would shit
dialog: come out?
scene_heading: 142 INT. DUSAN’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 142
text: Paul sits with Dusan on the sofa. Dusan smokes a cigar. At
text: some point Konrad wanders by on his way to get coffee.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: When I see big people becoming small,
dialog: all the new small cities, I see
dialog: opportunity. I ask myself, Dusan,
dialog: why the people they become small? To
dialog: help the environment? Please. They
dialog: become small to have the things which
dialog: until now were only for the rich,
dialog: which, by the way, is the genius of
dialog: the concept. So I say to my brother
dialog: Srdjan -- I work with my brother.
text: He’s still big.
dialog: (low)
dialog: My wife, too, by the way.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (also low)
dialog: Your wife? How does that work?
text: Dusan gives a quick, furtive “thumbs-up” sign accompanied by a
text: satisfied nod.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: So I say, why not bring very special
dialog: items, luxury items, to the small
dialog: consumer? The things no one else is
dialog: thinking to bring?
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Such as?
text: Dusan holds up his cigar.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Cohiba Espléndido. Cuba. The best
dialog: cigar in the world. How much you pay
dialog: for this when you are big?
dialog: (Paul shrugs)
dialog: Forty-five, fifty dollars. But when
dialog: you are small, I will sell you this
dialog: cigar for one dollar.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Still seems like a lot. I mean, a
dialog: pack of cigarettes is what, twenty
dialog: cents, most of it tax?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Not if you remember paying fifty
dialog: dollars for the same cigar. If now
dialog: you pay only one dollar, you say, I
dialog: am so happy to be small! And from
dialog: one Cohiba, we make more than 2000
dialog: cigars. Okay, maybe the cigars are
dialog: not actually made in Cuba. Maybe
text: they are rolled by little Albanians
dialog: in Podgorica, but who cares? And
dialog: this is just the one thing. Also
dialog: perfumes and colognes, wines Bordeaux
dialog: and Burgundy, brandies and Port and
dialog: Calvados, caviar, jamdén ibérico,
dialog: truffles. My brother and I are now
text: in seven small cities. All around
dialog: the world. Seven.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is all that legal?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Baby, this is Wild West time. Who
dialog: has time to chase after some fucking
text: Serbian guy five inches tall over a
dialog: few cigars and some wine? And
dialog: listen, Paul, anything you want, I
dialog: can get for you. Anything, anytime.
text: Again Paul notices with concern the one-legged cleaning woman
text: as she hobbles upstairs on her way to another room.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Excuse me a minute.
dialog: 143
dialog: 75
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN’S BATHROOM - DAY 143
text: Paul appears in the doorway and finds the woman rummaging
text: through Dusan’s medicine cabinet and putting some items into
text: her smock.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hello.
text: She spins around, startled. We may recognize her from the
text: news report -- Vietnamese dissident NGOC LAN TRAN. Her
text: green cap reads “Jade Palace Cleansing Service.”
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I talk to you for a minute?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: These medicine too old. Too old. I
dialog: clean, take away for you.
dialog: (holding out a bottle)
dialog: Na-pro-shien. What this do?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Naproxen. That’s an anti-
dialog: inflammatory.
dialog: (off her blank stare)
dialog: It helps with pain and swelling.
text: She pockets the bottle and picks up another.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: And this one, what this one do?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’s... Vicodin. That’s also a
dialog: pain killer, but it’s, well, you want
dialog: to be careful with that one.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: (pocketing it)
dialog: Pain killer? Pain killer good.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know, this isn’t my apartment,
dialog: and I know you’re probably in a lot
dialog: of pain, but I don’t think you
dialog: should be stealing pills.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I no steal. They too old, no good.
dialog: Mr. Dusan, he say me okay I take
dialog: away things. Pills for sick friend.
dialog: (closing the cabinet)
dialog: Okay, I finish now. Bathroom clean.
dialog: 76
text: She pushes past Paul, and he follows her into --
scene_heading: A144 INT. DUSAN’S SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS A144
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, whatever's wrong with your
dialog: “friend,” I see you have a really,
dialog: really bad prosthetic foot. I’m sure
dialog: it’s causing pain in your right hip and
text: knee, probably both knees. Lower back.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: How you know these things? You doctor?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’m an occupational therapist. Wait a
dialog: second. I know you. You’re that -- Oh,
dialog: my God, you’re that woman from a couple
dialog: years ago, the dissident. From Thailand
dialog: or someplace. What’s your name?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Tran Ngoc Lan. Vietnam.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, right, I remember you lost your
dialog: leg below the knee. That’s you? Wow.
dialog: (to Dusan and Konrad
dialog: downstairs)
dialog: Hey, Dusan, do you know who this is?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Yes, of course, the famous Ngoc Lan
text: Tran. Dramatic escape from
dialog: Vietnamese prison and almost died so
dialog: that now she can clean my house.
dialog: America, big land of opportunity!
text: Dusan and Konrad share a big laugh.
scene_heading: 144 INT. DUSAN’S DINING ROOM - DAY 144
text: Ngoc Lan sits in a chair while Paul cups a kneecap and
text: manipulates the foreleg, then repeats the process with the
text: other leg. Dusan and Konrad watch, as do, from afar, the rest
dialog: of the cleaning crew.
text: Ngoc Lan submits to the exam but seems more interested in Paul
text: himself than in what he’s saying.
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay, I’m going to push down and you
dialog: try to push up. Mm-hm. You’ve got
dialog: some pretty severe asymmetrical
dialog: muscle compensation.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Paul, you are full of surprises. You
dialog: can do this but you work shit job
dialog: answering phones?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: When I moved here, I didn’t think I’d
dialog: be working, so I let my license
dialog: expire. And to get a license now in
dialog: a different state... it’s a boring
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: (to the other cleaners)
dialog: Hey, you no look me! You work now.
dialog: Trabajo! Trabajo!
text: As they scatter, Paul places Ngoc Lan's hand on her own knee
text: and moves her foreleg up and down.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You feel that crunching? That’s
dialog: arthritis. It’s already pretty
dialog: bad.
dialog: (releasing it)
dialog: I hate to say it, but if you don’t
dialog: take care of it, pretty soon you’re
dialog: going to need a new knee. And that’s
dialog: just for starters. Maybe a new hip
dialog: too. You should see a specialist as
dialog: soon as you can and get a whole new
dialog: foot.
text: Ngoc Lan says nothing. Does she understand?
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: In the meantime, I could make a few
dialog: adjustments to your existing
dialog: prosthetic and give you some pointers
dialog: on how to walk better. I hate to see
dialog: you suffer needlessly after all
dialog: you've been through.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Okay, I finish work you come with me.
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Great. I’11 just grab some tools and
dialog: we can do it right here.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: No. I say you before my friend sick,
dialog: need pills. You come with me my
dialog: house help her. You help her.
dialog: This situation is getting confusing and weird.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’m sorry, I guess I wasn’t clear.
dialog: See, I can help you with this, but
dialog: I’m not a doctor. Your friend,
dialog: whatever's wrong with her, should go
dialog: to a clinic or hospital.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Clinic no good! I take her clinic
dialog: wait too long time. Stupid doctor
dialog: say no help for her, no do nothing.
dialog: He no good stupid doctor in big
dialog: world, now he small. You come with
dialog: me! You come with me now!
text: Paul looks to Dusan for help, but Dusan just shrugs.
scene_heading: INT. GONDOLA - DAY 145
text: Paul, now cleaned up, rides with Ngoc Lan in a crowded car.
text: The other PASSENGERS, many in work uniforms, are mostly
dialog: Latino.
scene_heading: EXT. GONDOLA STATION - DAY 146
text: Ngoc Lan and Paul exit the station amid a flow of humanity.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You live near here?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Still far.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Maybe we should grab a car.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: No car. This way.
text: Ngoc Lan limps past him, pointing toward a shuttle stop where
text: three BUSES are taking on passengers.
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 79
scene_heading: EXT. FAR SIDE OF LEISURELAND - DAY 147
text: The bus drives away from central Leisureland and enters a very
text: modest section of town -- smallish houses, LATINO CHILDREN
text: playing in the streets.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY 148
text: Ngoc Lan and Paul have found a seat, but the aisle is packed.
text: Buoyant RANCHERA MUSIC on the speakers contrasts with the
text: weary faces of the passengers.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If you don’t mind my asking, you
dialog: were so famous a couple years ago.
dialog: Everybody was talking about you. I
dialog: would've thought you’d be writing
dialog: books and making speeches. I mean,
dialog: how’d you wind up cleaning houses?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Need money for live. After TV box I
dialog: stay hospital so long time, almost
text: die. Then three host family, but too
dialog: much problems. Leisureland peoples
dialog: too selfish. Better I live only me,
dialog: work job make money.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: But after all you've been through, I
dialog: would have thought for sure Tony Dale
dialog: would have been happy to --
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Don’t say me Tony Dale!
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: Tony Dale. Tony Dale.
dialog: (a sudden tirade)
dialog: Everybody say Tony Dale so nice
dialog: guy, help people. I say he bad
dialog: man, make Leisureland people
dialog: selfish. I say you why Tony Dale
dialog: still big? Be careful you ask him
dialog: this. He no like this question. I
dialog: ask him, he say me, “You go back
dialog: Vietnam TV box, you talk like
dialog: this.” He say me, “I save your
dialog: life my hospital, make you better,
dialog: now why you make bad PR for me.”
dialog: He say me ungrateful. He say me
dialog: selfish. He say me female dog!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Female dog okay Vietnamese, but
dialog: female dog English very bad name
dialog: call woman. Tony Dale.
text: Paul nods politely at the outburst. Glancing outside, he
text: notes that the bus is now passing through --
scene_heading: EXT. NO MAN’S LAND - DAY
text: An area of undeveloped lots and fields.
text: One entire square block has been removed, the resulting hole
text: surrounded by safety barriers. NORMAL-SIZED MEN in hard hats
text: work down below, only their heads visible above ground.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: Paul now cranes his neck to look through the front windshield
text: and discovers that the bus is headed directly toward THE WALL
text: encircling Leisureland.
scene_heading: EXT. FAR SIDE OF LEISURELAND - DAY
text: The bus disappears into the wall’s shadow and heads toward a
text: TUNNEL in the wall. Graffiti around the entrance has made it
text: look like the pupil of a giant eye.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: The bus motors through the darkness of the tunnel, finally
text: emerging into the light.
scene_heading: EXT. WORKERS’ CITY - DAY
text: The bus comes to a stop, and Paul follows Ngoc Lan off.
text: This is essentially a BORDER TOWN. Here the protective
text: overhead netting hangs much lower and is poorly maintained --
text: Paul notices the sagging weight of a BIRD CARCASS.
text: As Ngoc Lan leads him, he continues to take in a world he had
dialog: no idea existed. Most imposing is the sight of --
scene_heading: NORMAL-SIZED TRAILERS
dialog: of the sort used for portable classrooms or construction
text: offices. Here they’ve been re-purposed into apartment
text: buildings, with rows of tiny windows and crisscrossed bootleg
dialog: wiring.
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 81
text: Ngoc Lan leads Paul up the entrance ramp to one particular
text: trailer named ALONDRA, dodging Spanish-speaking CHILDREN
text: tobogganing past on normal-size bottle caps.
scene_heading: INT. ALONDRA APARTMENTS - DAY 154
text: Stepping inside, Paul pauses to absorb the extraordinary
text: interior view. Like inside an Embassy Suites or a high-
text: security prison, walkways on every floor surround an ATRIUM.
text: On the ground floor, RESIDENTS watch a 26” television, which
text: in this context rises three stories tall. The sound of a
text: garish Spanish-language program echoes throughout.
text: Ngoc Lan heads toward a staircase and begins to climb, her
dialog: speed impressive.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (catching up)
dialog: Can I ask how high we’re going?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Seven floor.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Isn’t there an elevator?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Elevator broken. You walk with me.
scene_heading: INT. ALONDRA SEVENTH FLOOR - DAY 155
text: Paul arrives out of breath, but Ngoc Lan seems fine.
text: As they proceed down the walkway, Paul and Ngoc Lan navigate
text: around chatting NEIGHBORS and CHILDREN at play. Murals and
text: graffiti adorn the walls, and the rickety railings are
text: reinforced with dental floss.
scene_heading: INT. NGOC LAN’S APARTMENT - DAY 156
text: Ngoc Lan and Paul enter this tiny apartment decorated with
text: improvised furnishings -- a table made from a spray can lid,
text: chairs carved out of champagne corks, curtains fashioned from
text: old handkerchiefs.
text: Most striking are the images of BUTTERFLIES cut from normal-
text: size magazines used to cover the walls.
text: Ngoc Lan pulls back a curtain to reveal GLADYS, a barely
text: conscious Salvadoran woman lying on a piece of foam.
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: This lady Gladys. Gladys my friend.
dialog: She very sick.
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Gladys, how you feel? éCdémo estaé?
dialog: éCémo esta? I bring food for you. I
dialog: bring doctor. This man doctor.
dialog: Hombre médico. Médico.
text: Gladys offers Paul a weak, hopeful smile.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: This lady Gladys alone, no have
dialog: nobody. Husband die Mexico when they
dialog: make small. Stupid people forget
dialog: take out gold from teeth, head
dialog: explode.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
text: Husband head explode. Head explode.
dialog: From teeth. She come here alone, no
dialog: money. I meet her she work maid
dialog: first host family, rich Leisureland
dialog: people. Now she sick, no more work.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Okay you take care for her.
text: As Ngoc Lan goes to fill a pail from a crude faucet, Paul has
text: a wave of panic and pulls her aside.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I can’t do anything for her. That
text: woman is really sick. She looks like
dialog: she might die.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Oh yes she die soon. Cancer. Cancer
dialog: all over stomach. I be with her die.
dialog: Most bad thing die alone.
text: Ngoc Lan kneels at Gladys’s side and gives her water.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: Come on, be like doctor. Make her
dialog: feel good.
dialog: (to Gladys)
dialog: Hombre médico.
text: Paul draws a deep breath and assumes the role he’s been asked
text: to play, squatting down and dredging up his medical Spanish.
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hola, senfora. éDdénde le duele?
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: Ay, doctor, me duele todo, todo. Ya
dialog: no me queda mucho tiempo en esta
dialog: vida.
text: Ngoc Lan reaches into her sack and begins placing bottle after
text: bottle of drugs onto a table.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Which pill good for her? How much
dialog: she take?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I have no idea.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: But you know things. One, two, five,
dialog: what? Which one most strong?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That one. Percocet.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: (opening it)
dialog: Yes, Percocet. Very good for pain.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Try two.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Two? This lady very sick. Pills
dialog: old. Give four.
text: Paul helps her administer the pills.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: These are for the pain.
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: Gracias, doctor.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You rest now.
text: Gladys closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you been moving her around? You
dialog: know, like every few hours? You
dialog: don’t want her to get bed sores.
dialog: 157
dialog: 84
text: Ngoc Lan shakes her head.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. Let’s move her.
text: He instructs Ngoc Lan with gestures, and they begin to roll
text: Gladys onto her side.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: See? You know things.
text: LATER -- Gladys now lies in a narcotized state. 157
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank you Mr. Dusan friend. You help
dialog: Gladys good.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Now let’s make those adjustments for
dialog: you.
dialog: (reaching for his tools)
dialog: I’1l just need you to remove your
dialog: foot.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Not now. I very tired. You go
dialog: away. I stay with Gladys. You go
text: away now.
text: With no further ceremony, Ngoc Lan goes and busies herself in
dialog: the kitchen.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well. Some other time, I guess. I
dialog: just don’t know when I’m going to see
dialog: you again.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: You come Thursday, okay? Thursday
dialog: morning you fix leg. You come ten
dialog: o'clock.
text: At a loss, Paul opens the front door.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: My name’s Paul, by the way. Paul
dialog: Safranek.
text: Ngoc Lan glances up and gives a little nod. Paul takes a last
text: look at this strange creature, then leaves.
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 85
scene_heading: EXT. ALONDRA APARTMENTS - NIGHT 158
text: It’s dark now. As Paul exits the building, his attention is
text: drawn by whooping and shouting.
text: A jubilant GROUP OF MEN have just rolled up a normal-sized can
text: of TECATE BEER. On the count of “Uno, dos, tres,” they hoist
text: it up and begin to spin it and shake it.
text: Finally, they drop it on the ground, and with practiced ease
text: one of them punctures the can with a screwdriver, sending a
text: geyser of beer high into the air.
text: They roll the can this way and that to guide the spray into
text: their mouths. Others laugh as they are hosed down with beer.
text: Paul watches, wistful at the spectacle of this simple
dialog: pleasure.
scene_heading: INT. TOLL-FREE CALL CENTER - DAY 159
text: Paul squints at his monitor, painfully aware of the
dialog: senselessness of his job.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let’s see. Extra Large is still
dialog: available in glacier, pebble, tulip,
text: cayenne, moss and aubergine.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: Cayenne, is that like red?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: More of a brownish red. Like brick.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: I don’t like brick. Do you think
dialog: moss is pretty?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know, I don’t know, lady. Could
dialog: you please just pick a color?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: Don’t be short with me.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: Oooh, I see. You’re small. You’re
dialog: one of those disgusting little small
dialog: people.
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’s right. And you’re extra large.
text: Paul tosses his headset on his desk and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. ALONDRA SEVENTH FLOOR - DAY 160
text: Carrying a small canvas bag, Paul knocks on Ngoc Lan’s door.
text: Soon Ngoc Lan opens it and invites Paul in.
scene_heading: INT. NGOC LAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 161
text: Upon entering Paul notices that Gladys is gone.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where’s Gladys?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: She die.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, no. I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I think maybe I give her too much
dialog: pills. Anyway, she die very happy
text: smiling.
text: Appalled, Paul musters a strained smile. Ngoc Lan sits and
text: loosens her leg.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, you fix my foot quick. You do
dialog: quick. One hour. Must clean house
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I can’t exactly fix it, but I can
dialog: make a few adjustments, and I can
dialog: give you some pointers on how to walk
dialog: better. It’s a process. And I think
dialog: I found the right orthopedist for
dialog: you.
text: Ngoc Lan slides the prosthesis off and hands it over.
text: LATER -- Paul works on the crudely constructed foot, pushing 162
text: and pulling on the hinges and springs. Now on CRUTCHES, Ngoc
text: Lan manages to bring him a cup of tea.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, thank you. Very nice.
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: You finish soon okay? I very busy.
dialog: Go work soon.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’m getting there.
text: Ngoc Lan sits.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: I guess you like butterflies.
dialog: (pointing at the walls)
dialog: Butterflies.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Yes I like very much. When I little
dialog: girl my father she take with my
dialog: sister see butterfly. Near my
dialog: village they come live trees. You
dialog: know, fly from cold place to hot
text: place every year. Live trees near
text: village then go away come back.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, migrating butterflies. Sounds
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Yes so many butterfly in tree very
dialog: beautiful. I no forget. So many
dialog: color.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How do you say butterfly in
dialog: Vietnamese?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Con bu’6’m.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Kon booyem.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Con bu’6’m.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You must miss your village.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: No more village. Government make
dialog: people go away put water all over
dialog: village, all over everywhere. Too
dialog: much water.
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Too much water?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Big water make electricity.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: A dam.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Yes, dam. They make dam. Many
dialog: villages no more. This why I go
dialog: prison. Me my sister make big
dialog: protest.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Huh. What happened to your sister?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: She die prison. Too much cold.
text: Chest fill up bad. She die.
text: A solemn moment passes. Then Paul applies extra force to a
text: stubborn coupling and -- KKRCH! -- the joint pops apart and
text: the entire prosthetic collapses in his hands.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: What happen?
text: Paul tries awkwardly to shield the broken foot from view.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Nothing, I think I just --
text: A spring and a bolt or two drop noisily onto the floor.
scene_heading: INT. ALONDRA APARTMENTS - DAY 163
text: Paul carries Ngoc Lan piggy-back down the stairs. She
text: clutches her crutches.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: You stupid man! You say help me.
dialog: This no help! You break my foot!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You’re just lucky it didn’t fail
dialog: while you were walking down these
dialog: stairs. You could’ve broken your
dialog: neck!
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Many people depend for me! I okay
dialog: before, walk around good. Even I
dialog: forget I have no foot. Now you come,
dialog: make my life more harder!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You needed a new foot anyway.
dialog: We're going to get you a good one.
dialog: Is that so hard to understand?
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: No say Jesus bad way!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Now I’m supposed to watch my
dialog: language? What am I, twelve? You’re
dialog: worse than my mother.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I feel sorry for your mother! I
dialog: sure she suffer too much for your
dialog: fault.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURIOUS HOUSE LIVING ROOM - DAY 164
text: CLOSE on a vacuum cleaner.
text: WIDE -- Paul is the one guiding it, now wearing a “Jade Palace
text: Cleansing Service” cap. Ngoc Lan sits nearby.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: No do so fast! Vacuum cleaner need
dialog: time same direction clean good.
text: He shoots her a resentful glance, then notices other CREW
text: MEMBERS whispering to each other and laughing.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURIOUS HOUSE KITCHEN - DAY 165
text: Paul cleans the stove. Ngoc Lan sits on a chair helping the
text: LADY OF THE HOUSE go through the refrigerator as they pull out
text: leftovers and stack them in a box.
scene_heading: LADY OF THE HOUSE
dialog: And you can take this -- that’s
dialog: turkey casserole from a couple days
dialog: ago. These avocados are a bit soft,
dialog: but --
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Thank you, yes. I take all these.
scene_heading: LADY OF THE HOUSE
dialog: (a Tupperware container)
dialog: I think this one’s leftover pasta. It
dialog: might be a little too old.
text: Ngoc Lan peels open the lid and peers inside.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: In prison we die for such food.
scene_heading: EXT. T.G.I. FRIDAYS - DAY 166
text: Ngoc Lan waits in a car outside this downsized version of the
dialog: familiar franchise.
text: Accompanied by the manager ROGER, Paul exits the front door
text: and heads toward the car. Both carry take-out food
text: containers. Paul opens the trunk.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (to Ngoc Lan)
dialog: Not too many leftover entrées today,
dialog: but I threw in lots of baked potato
dialog: soup.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Thank you, Roger.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Finally got yourself a helper, huh,
dialog: Ngoc Lan?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: This Paul. He break my foot.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: How’d you manage that, buddy?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: He stupid.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Long story. We’re sorting it out.
scene_heading: INT. ALONDRA APARTMENTS LOBBY - NIGHT 167
text: Ngoc Lan threads her way on crutches through TV VIEWERS in the
text: atrium. Some call out warm greetings. Paul follows with
text: trays of left-over food.
dialog: 91
text: They reach SENOR CARDENAS, a frail old man dozing ina
text: wheelchair. Ngoc Lan gives him a gentle nudge.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Hola, Senor Cardenas. éHambre?
speaker_heading: SENOR CARDENAS
dialog: Ay, si, chinita. Gracias.
text: She places food from Paul’s stack on the old man’s lap.
speaker_heading: SENOR CARDENAS (CONT'D)
dialog: God will repay you.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: How’s your lung? How’s your lung?
speaker_heading: SENOR CARDENAS
dialog: A little better today, gracias.
text: Ngoc Lan nods approvingly.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Okay over here next. This way.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER APARTMENT - NIGHT 168
text: A MOTHER lifts her nine-year-old SON’s shirt to reveal red
text: circles on his chest and back. The woman’s HUSBAND looks on.
text: Ngoc Lan looks to Paul for a verdict.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ouch. Okay. That looks painful.
dialog: Mucho dolor, verdad?
speaker_heading: SON
dialog: Si.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I give him baths and scrub him and
dialog: put herbs, but nothing helps.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I bet that’s ringworm. I don’t know
dialog: how to say that in Spanish.
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Ringworm’s a fungus, so... No bafo.
dialog: No bano. No agua. Seco. Seco.
dialog: (to Ngoc Lan)
dialog: Maybe I can find something at the
dialog: drugstore and bring it for him
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Yes, you bring.
dialog: (to the woman)
dialog: Manana medicina.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Manana medicina.
scene_heading: INT. ALONDRA SECOND-FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT 169
text: Ngoc Lan and Paul stand at an open door, distributing the last
dialog: of the food to unseen recipients.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’s it, right? Ready to go home?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Now we go church pray Jesus.
scene_heading: INT. PENTECOSTALIST CHURCH - NIGHT 170
text: PARISHIONERS sing a hymn. Some shake tambourines. Trying to
text: be a good sport, Paul stands next to Ngoc Lan, but he has
dialog: never been more out of his element.
speaker_heading: HYMN (V.O.)
dialog: Jesucristo es el Sefor. Jesucristo
dialog: es el Sefior...
text: LATER -- The Spanish-speaking MINISTER shouts into a 171
text: microphone, his words distorted by a cheap amp. The faithful
text: sway back and forth, eyes closed, one hand raised, Ngoc Lan
dialog: among them.
scene_heading: INT. ALONDRA APARTMENTS - NIGHT 172
text: Paul carries Ngoc Lan piggy-back upstairs.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: You come back tomorrow morning pick
dialog: me up. Eight o’clock.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, okay. I'’11 be there.
text: Paul loses his balance for a moment.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Careful!
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I got you. Stop shifting around!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN’S HALLWAY - DAY 173
text: CLOSE on a door and the sound of a familiar doorbell.
speaker_heading: DUSAN (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, okay! I’m coming!
text: The door is opened by an unshaven, hungover Dusan, who looks
text: into camera and dissolves into laughter.
text: REVERSE ANGLE -- It’s Ngoc Lan and her cleaning crew, among
text: them a fully uniformed and humiliated Paul.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Dusan. We come
dialog: clean for you.
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 174
text: As the crew enter and disperse to clean up the post-party
text: mess, we see that Ngoc Lan now sports a PEG LEG.
text: Dusan puts his arm around Paul’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Answering phones was not dignified
dialog: enough for you, I see. Now you
dialog: progress to cleaning toilets. I love
dialog: you, Paul. I really love you. You
dialog: are such a funny guy.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah. Hilarious.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Like I said, Paul, you are too much
dialog: nice guy and little bit pathetic
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, I broke her damn foot! What am
dialog: I supposed to do?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: This is absolutely fantastic.
dialog: (yelling)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 175
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: DUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Konrad, Konrad! You must come see
dialog: something! This is so fucking funny!
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: It’s just until she gets a new foot.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: And how long will that be?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don’t know. The doctor said a
dialog: month, maybe six weeks.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: That’s an eternity.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Meantime she’s stuck with a peg leg,
dialog: which is almost worse than nothing at
text: all. She’s waddling around like a
dialog: goddamned pirate!
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (0.S.)
dialog: Paul! No talk with Mr. Dusan! You
dialog: go upstairs with Verdénica!
text: Paul is trained to obey but hesitates under Dusan’s gaze.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Paul!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I heard you!
text: As Paul trots off, Dusan doubles over.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Don’t worry, Paul. Dusan will save
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN’S KITCHEN - DAY 175
text: Ngoc Lan sorts through leftovers, muttering to herself.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: This good... I take this...
dialog: (smelling a box)
dialog: Ooh, this throw away... This, I don’t
dialog: know what this is.
text: Dusan and Konrad enter behind her.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Yes, please, Miss Tran, take
dialog: everything. Mr. Konrad and I are
dialog: leaving day after tomorrow and don’t
dialog: know when we will be back.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Okay good. Thank you.
text: Dusan motions for Paul to join them.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Paul, Mr. Dusan say I take food. You
dialog: go find big box.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Yes, in a minute. First there’s
dialog: something very important to discuss.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: (turning around)
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: INT. DUSAN’S KITCHEN TABLE - DAY 176
text: The four have gathered for a talk around the table.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Listen, here is the situation. I
dialog: don’t know exactly what, but
dialog: something big -- very big -- is
dialog: happening at the original small
dialog: colony. You know, the one in Norway.
dialog: They want me to go there right away
dialog: with a very important delivery. Too
dialog: complicated to explain. Top secret
dialog: and very urgent. Most important they
dialog: are offering us very big money.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: Very big.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: This means we need extra help to
dialog: do this quickly and make them
dialog: happy. And I’m sorry to say, we
dialog: need the same excellent helper
dialog: who is currently helping you.
dialog: (pointing at Paul)
dialog: Him.
text: The room falls silent as Ngoc Lan lets this sink in.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, Ngoc Lan, I have to go to Norway
dialog: with these guys.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: So... you say... Paul go with you
dialog: Norway?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Yes, that is the situation.
dialog: Emergency situation.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: And deeply humanitarian.
text: Instead of arguing, Ngoc Lan remains subdued.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Paul, you want go Mr. Dusan Norway?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’s what I just said. I mean,
dialog: look, Ngoc Lan, I’1l still be able to
dialog: help one-hundred-percent when I get
dialog: home and when you get your new foot,
dialog: and --
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: You leave Wednesday?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: And how long you go?
text: Paul looks to the men for help.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
text: At least ten days. Maybe more.
text: Ngoc Lan performs mental calculations, then smiles.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Yes, okay, Norway. I go Norway too.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: No, no, no, not you. Only Paul.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I go Norway too. Paul, you help me
dialog: during trip.
dialog: 177
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: But you’re very busy here with
dialog: humanitarian activities of your own.
dialog: And your cleaning business.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Ver6nica and other ladies know every
dialog: place. They do for me, I pay them
dialog: good. No problem I go.
dialog: (cheery now)
dialog: Norway colony peoples invite me so
dialog: many time but I never go. Feel so,
dialog: so guilty. They so nice peoples.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: What? Who invited you?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: When I hospital so long time after TV
dialog: box, people all over world send me
dialog: happy card, flower, candy, make me
dialog: feel good. So many letter. One
dialog: letter very special I never forget.
dialog: From Jorgen Asbjornsen.
text: Tears well up in her eyes. The men exchange panicked looks.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Dr. Asbj@rnsen she write me say he
dialog: feel so, so bad I suffer for his
dialog: fault. He say he painful, he never
dialog: think make small so bad for people.
dialog: Dr. Asbjornsen letter make me feel
dialog: so better. I write letter too, say
dialog: now first time I proud be small. So
dialog: good man. He say me make trip go
dialog: Norway any day. But I too busy,
dialog: always too busy. Now Jesus give me
dialog: beautiful gift, go Norway. Thank
dialog: you Mr. Dusan, thank you Mr. Konrad.
dialog: Yes, yes, I go Norway. So happy.
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Thank you special time.
scene_heading: EXT. NORWEGIAN FJORD - DAY 177
text: Stunning views of the lush valley of an ocean inlet. Radiant
text: colors reflect off high, verdant cliffs.
text: Konrad’s yacht cruises up the fjord towing a barge loaded with
text: cargo, including huge, normal-sized bottles of VODKA.
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
dialog: 98
scene_heading: EXT. KONRAD’S YACHT - DAY 178
text: Paul stands at the prow, the wind in his hair, Ngoc Lan beside
dialog: him.
text: Paul looks up at the wheel house, where Konrad is at the helm
text: chatting with Dusan. Then he looks down at Ngoc Lan’s PEG
text: LEG. It’s all so odd, so unexpected.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR DECK - SUNSET 179
text: From a distance, we see Paul, Ngoc Lan, Dusan and Konrad
text: dining together, enjoying the splendid view. Dusan clowns to
text: the delight of the others, and Ngoc Lan seems unusually
text: relaxed and happy.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN HALLWAY - NIGHT 180
text: Paul helps Ngoc Lan down the steps to the sleeping area, and
text: she opens the door to her cabin.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Good night, Paul. I’m sure you have
dialog: very much work to do with Dusan
dialog: Konrad. Very important job only you
dialog: can do.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Um, yeah. Well --
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I know you no like cleaning. I too
dialog: big boss, you try run away from me.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, no. That’s not --
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: No good lie me. Jesus my friend. He
dialog: always say me truth.
text: Paul squints at her. Is she for real? Then Ngoc Lan laughs --
text: an endearing honk.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do you want help with your leg?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I take care myself. Good night,
dialog: Paul.
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Good night. Sleep well.
text: Paul watches her go, surprised by sudden pangs of longing.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CABIN - NIGHT 181
text: Paul awakens when the engine suddenly cuts, and the boat slows
text: to a stop. Voices and footsteps follow.
text: Paul rises to peer out his tiny porthole. In the moonlight he
text: makes out a SKIFF pulling alongside the yacht and TWO NEW
text: PASSENGERS helped off the skiff and onto the yacht.
scene_heading: EXT. KONRAD’S YACHT - DAY 182
text: An unshaven Paul emerges onto the deck and is about to head to
text: the wheelhouse when he notices --
text: NGOC LAN and an ELDERLY MAN AND WOMAN
text: seated on the rear deck, conversing. The woman leans forward
text: to clasp one of Ngoc Lan's hands in empathy and consolation.
text: Paul makes his way astern.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Look, Paul. This Jorgen Asbjornsen.
dialog: And her wife.
text: Upon meeting the Asbjornsens again, we see that the years of
dialog: stress have not been kind.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, my God. Jorgen Asbjornsen.
dialog: Hello. This is such an honor.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: See, Paul? Jesus smile for me.
dialog: (to the Asbjornsens)
dialog: I say Paul I want visit Norway only
dialog: meet you.
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: I’m Anne-Helene. Please, sit. Join
text: us. We’re watching the world go by.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: You’ve no idea how terribly grief-
dialog: stricken we were by Miss Tran’s case.
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: Yes. Jorgen has lost so much sleep
dialog: over all the abuses.
dialog: (to Ngoc Lan)
dialog: It’s such a pleasure to meet you at
dialog: last. I just can’t tell you.
text: A few moments of quiet as all take in the surroundings.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: It’s humbling, no? Nature is such a
text: patient sculptor -- grinding a tiny
dialog: bit each day slowly, slowly for
dialog: thousands of years to make such a
dialog: supremely beautiful thing.
dialog: (overcome with sadness)
dialog: What a waste. What a dreadful waste.
text: Dr. Asbj@rnsen rises and shuffles away, muttering to himself
dialog: in Norwegian.
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: You’ll have to excuse Jorgen. These
dialog: past few days have been especially
dialog: hard. Such a big decision to make.
dialog: And so quickly. Normally when we
dialog: visit the Colony, we like to take the
dialog: train and spend a few days in Narvik.
dialog: But then the news came and, well,
dialog: here we are, suddenly imposing on
dialog: you. We scarcely had time to pack.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’m sorry, but what news?
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: Why, the methane release. In
dialog: Antarctica. You must know about the
dialog: methane.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure... But that’s not new, right? I
dialog: mean --
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: New or old, it’s the end. The end of
dialog: everything.
dialog: (vising)
dialog: I’m sorry, I should check on
dialog: Jorgen.
dialog: 101
scene_heading: 183 INT. GALLEY - DUSK 183
text: All aboard have gathered for dinner around a table and listen
text: intently to the great man in their midst.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: The Earth has already seen five
dialog: major extinctions, and now there
dialog: will be another. I didn’t want to
dialog: believe it, none of us did. But
dialog: there we were in Helsinki, big and
dialog: small -- climatologists, biologists,
dialog: physicists, demographers,
dialog: immunologists, 26 Nobel Prize
dialog: winners among us. We built all the
dialog: models, did all the math, and the
dialog: conclusion was consistent. Homo
dialog: Sapiens will soon vanish from the
dialog: Earth. The only question is when.
dialog: Some say 500 years. Some say sixty.
text: Now with the terrible spike in
dialog: methane release, it’s out of our
dialog: grasp. Regardless how the end will
text: come -- unbreathable air, impotable
dialog: water, incurable disease,
dialog: environmental catastrophe, nuclear
dialog: winter, likely a combination of them
dialog: all -- relatively soon the Earth
dialog: will indeed purge itself of human
dialog: life, and God knows how many other
dialog: species. It is now an actuarial
dialog: certainty.
text: His mind reeling, Paul looks at Ngoc Lan. She has been
text: listening quietly, but tears flow down her face.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
dialog: (pouring himself a drink)
dialog: Not a very successful species, these
dialog: Homo Sapiens, even with such great
dialog: intelligence. Barely 200 thousand
dialog: years. Alligator has survived 200
dialog: million years with a brain the size
text: of a walnut.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do you really mean extinction? What
dialog: about downsizing?
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: Yeah, yeah, too little too late. Only
text: 3% of the world has miniaturized.
dialog: There simply isn’t enough time. Yes,
dialog: extinction is exactly the correct word.
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 102
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DUSK 184
text: Paul and Ngoc Lan lean against the railing, soothed by the
text: stars and the wind.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: People have been predicting the end
dialog: of the world for thousands of
dialog: years, and now it’s really
dialog: happening. I guess somebody had to
dialog: be right someday.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: So sad. Very sad.
text: They gaze at the moonlit landscape. The moment is ripe for
text: love. Ngoc Lan looks at Paul, hoping he’1ll sense her need,
text: but he seems oblivious, and she starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Sleep now. Good night, Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Good night, Ngoc Lan.
text: Surprised by her abrupt departure, Paul watches her go. Then
text: she pauses, emitting a barely audible grunt of pain.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I fine.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Maybe I should take a look.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Okay. Yes. You look.
scene_heading: INT. NGOC LAN'S CABIN - NIGHT 185
text: Ngoc Lan lies on the bed with one pant leg rolled up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, that peg’s making the socket
text: chafe a little.
text: Paul squeezes lotion into his palm and begins to massage the
text: tender skin of Ngoc Lan’s stump.
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, if someone had told me five
dialog: years ago that one day I’d be four
text: inches tall, divorced, helping a
dialog: famous Vietnamese dissident get a new
text: foot, and cruising up a fjord in
dialog: Norway discussing the end of the
dialog: world with Jorgen Asbjernsen, I would
dialog: have said he was crazy.
text: Paul notices she hasn’t been listening. Her eyes are closed,
text: and her head is tipped back. She moans slightly.
text: Paul stops massaging. Ngoc Lan opens her eyes just enough to
text: give him a look, then closes them again. Summoning his
text: courage, he lies down next to her and plants his lips on hers.
text: She’s stiff and unresponsive, so he stops.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry. I thought... Jesus, I’m
dialog: such an idiot.
text: Ngoc Lan opens her eyes and gives Paul a look at once fierce
dialog: and vulnerable.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: No. Please. I want.
text: Paul draws a deep breath, eases his way close again and gives
text: her a few gentle kisses. Ever so slowly, she reciprocates.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: UNDER BLACK -- 186
scene_heading: A STRANGE SOUND -- OOOOEEEEOOOOO.
scene_heading: EXT. KONRAD’S YACHT - MORNING
text: Zipping up parkas as they emerge onto the deck, Ngoc Lan and
text: Paul discover a different landscape. The walls of the fjord
text: are narrower, the terrain even lusher.
scene_heading: INT. WHEEL HOUSE - MORNING 187
text: As Paul and Ngoc Lan enter, Konrad and Dusan exchange a
text: knowing look. There are no secrets on a boat.
text: OOOEEEEOOOOOO!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What’s that sound?
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: KONRAD
text: A greeting.
text: Konrad blasts the foghorn in response. When Ngoc Lan looks
text: away, Dusan gives Paul a wink and makes a crude gesture. Paul
text: responds with a glare that says, “Cool it.”
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND IN THE FJORD - MORNING 188
text: A tiny BEARDED MAN in rustic clothing stands on a cliff
text: blowing into a lacquered SNAIL SHELL. OOOEEEEOOOOOO!
scene_heading: EXT. PORT - DAY 189
text: Motoring into a bay, the boat approaches a loading dock. A
text: few downsized fishing boats are moored in the harbor, their
text: prows carved into dragon heads as an homage to Viking
dialog: heritage.
text: No dwellings are in sight -- just the dock, two cargo cranes,
text: and a road leading away from port. HORSE-DRAWN CARTS with
text: DRIVERS await the yacht’s arrival.
scene_heading: EXT. KONRAD’S YACHT - DAY 190
text: Dusan stands with Paul and Ngoc Lan at the railing.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE ROAD - DAY 191
text: Harnessed horses pull a wooden cart up a steep series of
text: switchbacks. Paul, Ngoc Lan, Dusan and the Asbjornsens ride
text: together in back. In the distance below, cranes unload the
text: yacht’s cargo.
scene_heading: EXT. CART - DAY 192
text: Ngoc Lan is staggered by the immediacy and immensity of nature
text: from a small perspective -- trees tall as mountains, leaves
text: broad as sails. Paul shares the feeling but even more
text: delights in watching Ngoc Lan.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I think never in my life I will see
dialog: some place so beautiful again.
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 105
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - DAY 193
text: The cart crests a hill and pauses to enjoy the remarkable
text: view. A lush valley cradles a village surrounded by tiered
text: fields. Near the village are larger, more modern buildings.
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: All this land -- everything you see --
dialog: belonged for centuries to the
dialog: Edvardsen family. It was Nellie
dialog: Edvardsen’s granddaughter Solveig who
dialog: arranged for us to use this place for
dialog: our settlement.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: Solveig will remind you of this many
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: Jorgen.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: (with distaste)
dialog: Solveig.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So that’s it. The colony. And
dialog: that’s the original dome. Wow.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: We use it now as a social hall and
dialog: fitness center, but yes, this is
dialog: where we started.
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: It was a wonderful time. Remember,
dialog: Jorgen?
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: (wistful)
dialog: I remember.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY 194
text: The cart passes through a gate and into the settlement, a
text: marriage between a traditional Scandinavian village and a
dialog: modern eco-commune.
text: The residents’ appearance suggests a life of communal values
text: and harmony with nature -- long hair, sandals, beards, ruddy
text: cheeks, rustic garments. ALL RACES are represented.
dialog: 195
dialog: 106
text: There’s a sense of urgency among the villagers as they bustle
text: about, but they’re not too busy to cheer the Asbjornsens as
text: they pass. The couple respond humbly with smiles and waves.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Papa Jorgen! Mama Anne-Helene!
scene_heading: EXT. THE SHED - DAY 195
text: The cart stops near a large, weathered SHED built into the
text: side of a hill. A small welcoming party of SCIENTISTS and
text: ENGINEERS greet the new arrivals.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG (0.S.)
dialog: Jorgen, Anne-Helene! Oh, thank God
dialog: you’ve arrived! Why didn’t anyone
dialog: tell me?
text: All turn to see SOLVEIG EDVARDSEN running toward them. A plus-
text: sized Norwegian woman in her 60s, she’s hiking up the hem of
text: her long, flowing garments to avoid the mud.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: (smiling stiffly)
dialog: Solveig.
text: Solveig makes a big show of embracing the Asbjernsens, drawing
text: them into her ample bosom.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: I love you. I love you both so much.
dialog: Ever since the decision, I didn’t
dialog: feel right without you here. And you
dialog: know how I am when I worry. I can’t
dialog: eat. I can’t sleep. Ask anyone
dialog: here, they’1l tell you. My stomach
dialog: has been so upset, like I want to
dialog: throw up all the time, but can’t.
dialog: And I’ve had an awful headache that
dialog: just won’t go away. I know you know
dialog: about my headaches. I love you so
dialog: much. Thank God you’re here -- I
dialog: feel so much better now, like a big
dialog: release.
text: A FELLOW SCIENTIST comes to the rescue.
speaker_heading: FELLOW SCIENTIST
dialog: Sorry to interrupt, Jorgen, but we
dialog: need your advice immediately.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: Yes, yes. Excuse us, Solveig.
dialog: Unplugged
dialog: the other
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: Of course, darling. You’ve got
dialog: important things to do. I love you.
dialog: You’re a genius.
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: (heading away too)
dialog: You look wonderful, Solveig.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: Really? I do? You really think so?
speaker_heading: ANNE-HELENE
dialog: Wonderful.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: (grateful)
dialog: Oh, honey.
text: from the attention she craves, Solveig latches onto
text: new arrivals.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG (CONT’D)
dialog: Dusan, Dusan, dear Dusan. Bless
dialog: you for coming so quickly. I love
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: (kissing her cheeks)
dialog: Solveig, my darling, I am always
dialog: happy to help -- in difficult times,
dialog: in easy times, in happy times. Is
dialog: always a pleasure to visit you and
dialog: your lovely village.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: It is lovely, isn’t it? I can’t bear
dialog: to think I won’t see it again.
dialog: (to Paul and Ngoc Lan)
dialog: You know, I’m the one who made this
dialog: colony possible in the first place.
dialog: I’ve been coming since I was just a
dialog: baby. Papa used to fly us here every
dialog: summer in his float plane. I
dialog: remember one time --
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: Wait. I know you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: (gripping his arm)
dialog: I’m sure of it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG (CONT'D)
dialog: You were in my dream last night. I
dialog: was a little girl, and I was afraid
dialog: and lonely, but there you were,
text: walking beside me.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Are you sure it was me? Because
dialog: we've never --
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: You were a horse or a pony --
dialog: something very strong -- and I
dialog: instantly felt better. Then I
dialog: mounted you and rode you through a
dialog: dangerous forest. And here you are.
dialog: Right before we leave. Another
dialog: miracle. You are coming with us,
dialog: aren’t you?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: (jumping in)
dialog: Solveig, darling, listen, we love
dialog: you, but my friends and I are just
dialog: here for the delivery, and then we
dialog: must go home.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: That’s really so sad. We’d love it
dialog: if you’d join us.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’m sorry, did you say you’re
dialog: leaving?
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: Oh. Yes. All of us. Didn’t anyone
dialog: tell you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where are you going?
text: Solveig points at the shed -- isn’t it obvious?
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: In there. Would you like to see?
dialog: (leading them, to Dusan)
dialog: You did remember my hand cream,
dialog: didn’t you? I couldn’t survive
dialog: without it.
dialog: 196
scene_heading: INT. THE SHED - DAY
dialog: 109
dialog: 196
text: Solveig escorts the group inside. To Paul and Ngoc Lan's
text: surprise, they find that the rustic shelter conceals the
dialog: entrance to --
text: A LARGE TUNNEL, disappearing into the mountain like a mine
dialog: shaft.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Where it go?
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: To China!
dialog: (giggling) — ;
dialog: I’m sorry, forgive me. Sometimes I’m
dialog: so silly. No, to the vault.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The vault?
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: Oh, yes. We’ve been working on it
dialog: almost since the very beginning.
dialog: Actually, not many people know this,
dialog: but it was my idea
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Of course it was. You’re always
text: thinking ahead.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: When Jorgen made his big discovery, I
dialog: said, look, Jorgen, you’re a genius,
dialog: and downsizing is a genius idea. No
dialog: one’s questioning that. No one. But
dialog: what if people don’t accept it? What
dialog: if it doesn’t catch on in time? Look
dialog: at me -- you know, it took me years
dialog: before I did it. I had to sell my
dialog: antiques and find homes for my cats.
dialog: They’re very old and one of them is
dialog: diabetic, needs two shots every day.
dialog: It was a complete nightmare. Anyway,
dialog: this is what they came up with. On
dialog: my suggestion.
text: Solveig leads Ngoc Lan and Paul toward TORVALD,
text: seated at a control panel.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG (CONT’D)
dialog: Torvald, be a sweetheart and give our
dialog: friends a little tour.
dialog: an engineer
speaker_heading: TORVALD
text: The tunnel leads to a vault 1.6
text: kilometers inside the Earth’s
text: lithosphere and encased in a double
text: layer of Inconel 625.
text: Torvald points at an array of MONITORS displaying high-angle
text: views of streets, homes, farms and pastures.
speaker_heading: TORVALD (CONT’D)
dialog: In addition to maintaining a broad
dialog: spectrum of biodiversity, the vault
dialog: is equipped with fields for growing
dialog: foods, forests for lumber, livestock
dialog: for animal husbandry. The
text: residential areas are spacious and
dialog: easily expandable to provide for
dialog: future generations.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Wait, that’s not underground.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: Of course it is! Our new size makes
dialog: it possible. Otherwise we never
dialog: could have dreamed of preserving so
dialog: much of the world in a single safe
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: This is brilliant.
dialog: (to Ngoc Lan)
dialog: Isn’t this brilliant? Like Noah’s Ark.
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: That’s exactly what I told Jorgen.
dialog: It’s Noah’s Ark!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What kind of power are you using,
dialog: nuclear?
speaker_heading: TORVALD
dialog: No, no, 100% geothermal.
dialog: Interoperable organic systems
dialog: manage production of artificial
dialog: sunlight, oxygen, CO2 elimination,
dialog: water purification, and so forth.
text: As Paul soaks everything up, Ngoc Lan takes his hand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So how long will you stay down
dialog: there?
dialog: 197
speaker_heading: SOLVEIG
dialog: What is it, Torvald? Eight thousand
dialog: years?
speaker_heading: TORVALD
dialog: (lips pursed)
dialog: Something like that. Until the
text: surface environment stabilizes.
scene_heading: INT. COMMUNITY DINING HALL - NIGHT 197
text: All the villagers -- perhaps 250 -- dine together at long
text: wooden tables. Tonight the atmosphere is electric.
text: Paul and Ngoc Lan sit near the Asbjornsens and other
text: SCIENTISTS who, between chews, dispassionately explain the
text: project at hand. Konrad and Dusan sit nearby.
speaker_heading: ONE SCIENTIST
dialog: You know, it’s not unprecedented what
dialog: we are doing. Less than a hundred
dialog: thousand years ago humans experienced
text: a near-extinction. Maybe 2,000
dialog: survived. And from that handful came
dialog: all the billions of people you see
dialog: today.
scene_heading: ANOTHER SCIENTIST
dialog: Rebooting the species. Nothing new.
text: Glasses clink. Dr. Asbjornsen rises. Never a comfortable
text: public speaker, he scans the faces turned his way.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: My friends. Many years ago, when we
dialog: discovered cellular miniaturization,
dialog: the world which had seemed so doomed
dialog: felt suddenly so full of
dialog: possibilities. We knew we had found
text: the portal to the next stage of man’s
dialog: evolution. So until very recently, I
dialog: maintained hope that the contingency
dialog: plan we embark upon tomorrow could
dialog: remain simply that -- a plan.
text: He pauses, reigning in his emotions.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN (CONT'D)
dialog: But history has spoken, and this is
dialog: our final dinner in the place we’ve
dialog: called home for so many years. And
dialog: here, on this beautiful little island
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ@RNSEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (noticing Solveig’s look)
dialog: -- this island which Solveig
dialog: Edvardsen had the vision and
dialog: generosity to provide us...
text: Solveig nods proudly.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
dialog: ...the very survival of mankind rests
dialog: in our hands. Yes, we are sad to
dialog: leave, and terribly sad for the
dialog: reasons why, but man is too beautiful,
dialog: too improbable a life form to be
dialog: allowed to disappear forever from the
dialog: cosmos.
dialog: (Norwegian)
dialog: It is no shame to look into the warm
text: spring sun and regret a lost limb.
text: The Norwegians present nod and murmur in agreement. Someone
text: uses the moment to hand Asbjornsen a note.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Ah, yes. The kitchen staff wishes to
dialog: remind everyone that after you scrape
dialog: your plates, you should place them in
text: the stacking carts, not the dish
dialog: washing belts.
dialog: (clearing his throat)
dialog: Now then, I would like to ask the
dialog: surviving members of the original
dialog: colony to stand.
text: Twenty people solemnly rise. Most are in their fifties or
text: older, but among them we recognize one handsome young man.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Look at him -- Little Ronni, how he’s
dialog: grown.
text: As Ronni smiles, we note a herpes sore on his upper lip.
speaker_heading: DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D)
dialog: (addressing the originals)
dialog: I ask you again as I asked you so
dialog: many years ago. Generations to come -
dialog: - perhaps all of humanity -- will
dialog: thank you for your bravery and
dialog: commitment. But you must ask
dialog: yourself whether you are truly ready
dialog: to enter a new world. For there will
dialog: be no turning back. Are you ready?
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: LITTLE RONNI
dialog: I am ready!
scene_heading: ORIGINAL COLONY MEMBERS
dialog: Yes! I am ready! Yes!
text: Tears and embraces throughout the room.
scene_heading: DR. ASBJ®@RNSEN
dialog: Is everyone ready?
text: Shouts of “I am ready!” coalesce into an ebullient group chant
dialog: of “We are ready.”
text: Konrad, Ngoc Lan and Dusan are moved to witness these
text: momentous proceedings, but Paul’s reaction is even more
text: profound. Something deep inside him is awakening.
scene_heading: 198 EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT 198
text: Residents throw furniture into a BONFIRE. Drunken men sing
text: Viking songs. A hypnotic drum beat inspires dancing.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Konrad, what do you think? Is the end
dialog: of civilization really coming so
dialog: soon?
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: Look here. My uncle used to say he
dialog: was born during the Austro-Hungarian
dialog: Empire, then outlived both the Third
dialog: Reich and Communism, all three of
dialog: which were supposed to last forever.
dialog: In the 1930s they discovered a
dialog: pyramid in Egypt -- a pyramid! --
text: when a camel stubbed its toe. How
dialog: does one lose a pyramid? Or look up
text: at the sky. So many of those bright,
text: bright stars went dark before humans
dialog: even existed -- we just don’t know it
dialog: yet. All things come to an end. Why
dialog: shouldn’t we? But look at the
dialog: positive side -- if our world really
dialog: is coming to an end, it’s fascinating
text: to be watching.
scene_heading: 199 EXT. HILLSIDE ABOVE VILLAGE - NIGHT 199
text: Paul sits alone, deep in thought, looking down at the tunnel
dialog: entrance.
dialog: 114
text: The shed has been dismantled, and work lights illuminate a
text: parade of carts heading inside loaded with supplies.
text: Ngoc Lan approaches, struggling up the hill.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Where you go? I look many place for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’ve been here.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: I talk with Dusan, he say fat lady
dialog: pay, he ready go back. I happy for
dialog: that. Too long time away from Sefior
dialog: Cardenas and Mrs. Lopez. I worry too
dialog: much for them.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ngoc Lan, you can’t just be worried
dialog: about a few little people thousands
dialog: of miles away. You have to look at
dialog: the big picture.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Why you say like this?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Because Mr. Cardenas, Mrs. Ldpez,
dialog: they don’t stand a chance, none of us
dialog: do!
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: All of this -- it’s over. Can’t
dialog: you see what’s going on? This is a
dialog: defining moment in human history.
dialog: More than that -- in the history of
dialog: the universe. And for some reason
dialog: you and I are here.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: You want go with them.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: And I want you to come with me.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: You crazy man! Always I know you
dialog: stupid. Now I see you crazy too.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How am I crazy? You heard them.
dialog: This is the only chance for the
dialog: survival of our species -- that’s
dialog: huge! You want to help people?
dialog: These are the people you should be
dialog: helping. The future of humanity is
dialog: down that hole!
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Who you help down there? People here
dialog: needs help, not down stupid hole!
scene_heading: 200 EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT 200
text: Ngoc Lan pulls Paul by the hand toward Dusan and Konrad, by
text: now quite drunk.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Dusan, Konrad, talk to crazy Paul.
dialog: He say he want go down hole, me go
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Paul, Paul, Paul, Paul... Why would
dialog: you do such a silly thing?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Because you will live the rest of
dialog: your life in a hole in the ground.
dialog: Like a worm.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: These people are saving the human
dialog: race, and I want to help.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Okay, fine, you want to help. Then
dialog: do what I did -- give them a semen
dialog: sample.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: I did, too. That’s a much more
dialog: pleasant way to help.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If I’m not supposed to be a part of
dialog: this thing, then why am I here? I
dialog: look at my life and I... I’m a nobody.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 201
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: But now I connect the dots and see
dialog: it’s all been leading me here. Why
dialog: didn’t I become a doctor? Why did I
dialog: downsize? Why did my wife abandon me?
dialog: Dusan, how did you just happen to be
dialog: my neighbor? Ngoc Lan, why were you
dialog: the only one to survive that box and
dialog: just happen to be cleaning Dusan’s
dialog: place that day? And if you hadn’t
dialog: lost your leg, I wouldn’t have tried
dialog: to help you -- which, as usual, I
dialog: screwed up. And why did I screw up?
dialog: So I could wind up here at exactly the
dialog: right time to go into that tunnel! I
dialog: finally have the chance to do
dialog: something that matters.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Paul, come on, you really are
dialog: talking crazy. These people,
dialog: they’re wonderful, but --
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: It’s like a cult.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: It’s like a cult. And the
dialog: extinction’s not happening for, you
dialog: know, maybe few hundred years. Has
dialog: nothing to do with you. Forget it.
dialog: Have a drink. Besides, you think they
dialog: won’t behave as people always behave?
dialog: They’re all going to go insane down
dialog: there and kill each other. They will
dialog: go extinct long before we do.
text: Paul searches the faces of his three friends, seeing them as
text: both allies and enemies. Then he turns and marches off into
text: the night. Ngoc Lan watches him go, her heart breaking.
speaker_heading: DUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t worry, darling. He said it
dialog: himself. Nothing he ever wants to
dialog: do works out.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD OUTSIDE VILLAGE - DAY 201
text: The Bacchanal continues on a beautiful, sunny day. Around a
text: pond, villagers sunbathe, picnic and skinny dip. Others
text: siphon vodka from a bottle lying on its side.
text: Now dressed in “native” loose-fitting clothes and clogs, Paul
text: dances with a group near the drum circle.
text: Ngoc Lan approaches shyly, stopping a few feet away.
text: notices and heads over.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Beautiful day, huh? Knowing it’s the
dialog: last time I’1l see the real sun makes
dialog: it so... vibrant.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I ask you question. You say me
dialog: truth. Okay?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Other night on boat... what kind of
dialog: fuck you give me?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: What kind of fuck you give me?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What kind? I don’t... I have no idea
dialog: what you’re talking about.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: American peoples, eight kind of
dialog: fuck.
dialog: (counting on fingers)
dialog: Love fuck, hate fuck, sex-only fuck,
dialog: break-up fuck, make-up fuck, buddy
dialog: fuck, drunk fuck, pity fuck.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Look, I don’t know where you heard
dialog: that, but --
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Third host family.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That’s just stupid. There’s a
dialog: whole spectrum of... emotions
dialog: and... motivations. And you
dialog: shouldn’t say “fuck.” It’s vulgar.
dialog: Say “make love” or something. I
dialog: don’t know.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: So... was love fuck?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, I mean... What’s this all
dialog: about?
dialog: 117
dialog: Paul
dialog: 202
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: You look for me, you want help me,
dialog: you make fuck with me, now you go
dialog: down stupid hole. So I try to think
dialog: what kind fuck you give me. I think
dialog: maybe pity fuck. For leg.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, no, Ngoc Lan, I care about you
dialog: deeply. You are an extraordinary
dialog: human being, and I admire you so
dialog: much. More than anything I want
dialog: you to come with me.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Peoples always say me I strong.
dialog: Okay, maybe Vietnam I organize many
dialog: protest, survive two year prison and
dialog: punish me make small. I only person
dialog: survive TV box, everybody die. I
dialog: walk around no foot, take care for
dialog: other peoples. But I woman.
dialog: Feelings.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’m sorry. I really am. It’s so
dialog: easy for me to see who you are. But
dialog: if I don’t do this, who am I? I
dialog: mean, really. Who am I?
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: You Paul Safranek. You good man.
speaker_heading: VILLAGERS (0.S.)
dialog: Look! Look!
text: BUTTERFLIES, big as kites, flutter overhead.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Look, Ngoc Lan! Butterflies! Kon
dialog: booyem! Kon booyem!
text: Even this miraculous sight cannot lift her sadness.
text: LATER -- The villagers have amassed to watch the SUNSET. No 202
text: one moves. No one speaks.
text: A WOMAN atop a rock sings a haunting Viking song of farewell.
text: SOLEMN FACES, many streaked by tears, are lit by the golden
text: setting sun. Among them we see the Asbjornsens standing with
text: great dignity, and Solveig, sobbing a bit too loudly.
dialog: 203
dialog: 119
text: Despite wounded feelings, Ngoc Lan recognizes it’s the last
text: time she will see Paul, and she allows herself to slip her arm
text: around his waist. He places an arm over her shoulder.
text: The sun vanishes, its amber light now streaked by pinks,
text: greens and blues. Spontaneous applause. Now the residents
text: turn to walk slowly toward the tunnel.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 203
text: The departure nears completion. The last of the carts
text: disappear inside, the final residents following on foot.
text: Torvald waits nearby, preparing to seal the tunnel.
text: Ngoc Lan, Dusan, and Konrad stand with Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I guess this is it.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: It seems so.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Konrad? Very nice to have met you.
speaker_heading: KONRAD
dialog: Pleasure was mine. Good luck in
dialog: there, Paul.
text: Paul turns to Dusan and pulls him into a firm embrace.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: Take care of yourself.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I will. You too.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: I will miss my funny neighbor.
text: Paul nods, then turns to face Ngoc Lan. At a loss, he
text: tries hugging her, but she remains limp in his arms.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ngoc Lan.
text: She places something into his hands.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Your bible.
dialog: (off her nod)
dialog: But it’s in Vietnamese.
dialog: 204
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Words not matter. Remember me.
text: Paul leans in to kiss her, but she offers only her cheek. He
text: looks at the tunnel, then back at Ngoc Lan, her eyes downcast.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You go now.
text: Paul turns and heads resolutely toward the tunnel, clutching
text: the bible and dragging his wheelie suitcase.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 204
text: Lit by lights strung along the walls, a stream of villagers
text: march silently and steadily toward their destiny.
text: At the rear, Paul walks with an erect, dignified bearing.
text: Nothing in his life approaches the magnitude of this moment. He
text: feels many things at once -- pride, fear, excitement, regret.
text: Soon the tunnel begins an incline, and Paul trots forward to
text: speak with a fit Nigerian guy named TUNDE.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Excuse me. Why are we going up? I
dialog: thought the vault was --
speaker_heading: TUNDE
dialog: Prevents flooding.
dialog: (offering his hand)
dialog: Tunde.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Paul.
speaker_heading: TUNDE
dialog: Just a few hours climb before we
text: begin the descent to the vault.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: And how long is the whole walk?
speaker_heading: TUNDE
dialog: Eleven hours. Something like that.
dialog: (pulling ahead)
dialog: See you down there. Stay hydrated.
text: Paul slows to a stop as the last villagers pass him by.
text: Suddenly he hears a SIREN and senses a flashing RED LIGHT. He
text: turns to look back at the tunnel opening, now 100 meters
text: behind. Torvald is there, cranking the tunnel door shut.
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 121
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY HILL - NIGHT 205
text: From a vantage point atop an incline, Dusan, Konrad and Ngoc
text: Lan somberly watch the door closing.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS 206
text: The door is nearly shut, when from behind it comes a muffled,
text: panicked cry.
speaker_heading: PAUL (0.S.)
dialog: WAIT!
text: The door stops, then reopens slightly. Paul squeezes out.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks, Torvald. Thanks.
dialog: (jerking something)
dialog: My bag. Do you think you could --?
speaker_heading: TORVALD (0.S.)
dialog: Leave it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: TORVALD (0.S.)
dialog: You need to get away from here!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay, sure. Yeah.
speaker_heading: TORVALD (0.S.)
dialog: Run!
text: Paul releases the bag and sprints away.
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY HILL - NIGHT 207
text: Dusan, Konrad and Ngoc Lan have taken cover behind rocks.
text: Dusan peeks out and, breaking into a smile, invites the
text: others to witness Paul scrambling up the hill in a panicked
dialog: zig-zag.
speaker_heading: DUSAN
dialog: What did I tell you? Nothing ever
dialog: works out for this guy.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Paul!
text: Paul spots his friends runs straight into Ngoc Lan's arms.
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: I was thinking about what you said,
dialog: and I... realized... you’re right.
dialog: I am Paul Safranek. And... what
dialog: you were asking... It was a love
dialog: fuck.
text: Ngoc Lan bursts into tears of happiness and embraces him
dialog: tightly.
text: KA-BOOM! An EXPLOSION above the tunnel entrance creates a
text: landslide which tumbles down to conceal it forever. Our
dialog: friends take cover, but they needn’t have -- it’s all small
text: scale, so the dirt falls pathetically.
text: Soon they emerge from behind the rocks.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Okay, now we go back Leisureland.
dialog: Okay, Dusan Konrad Paul? You
dialog: promise. Nothing more here. We go
dialog: now.
text: The three men stare at her, reminded once again what a
dialog: monomaniac she can be.
scene_heading: EXT. KONRAD’S REAR DECK - DAYBREAK 208
text: Paul, Dusan and Ngoc Lan watch the island recede as the yacht
text: sails out of the harbor amid the rising sun.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: And so it was that Safrapiil the
dialog: Good forsook salvation in order to
dialog: return to Lohserlund with Princess
dialog: Noc, to care for the sick and
dialog: crippled of our ancestors.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT 209
text: Tergehl has reached the end of the story and sits back to
dialog: gauge its effect on his listeners.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Then what happened?
speaker_heading: TERGEHL
dialog: That is the end, little ones.
dialog: There is nothing more to tell.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (CONT'D)
dialog: We know nothing more of Safrapiil,
dialog: nor of Princess Noc, nor of
dialog: Drooshan the Cunning, nor of the
dialog: sacrifices they made.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - NIGHT 210
text: Across a moonlit desolate landscape, we see the cave, high on
text: a hill, illuminated by the fire within.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (0.S.)
dialog: But that is why, each year at the
dialog: feast commemorating the Great Exodus,
text: we leave an empty seat for Safrapiil,
dialog: so that we remember all those who
dialog: remained behind and suffered through
dialog: the hell to come.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY 211
text: Paul looks out the window. He seems now genuinely clear-
text: headed, aware, awake.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: To think, one day, all of this --
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Now maybe you understand little bit
dialog: how I feel after survive TV box.
text: Paul looks at her, takes her hand.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN (CONT’D)
dialog: When you know death come soon, you
text: look around things more close.
scene_heading: INT. LEISURELAND SHUTTLE - DAY 212
text: A PORTER slides Ngoc Lan and Paul’s carrier into place and
text: locks it down.
text: Paul glances over at MELANIE and CJ, a normal-size couple
text: seated exactly where he and Audrey sat so many lifetimes
text: ago. They look like nice people, honest and bright-eyed.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hi there.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: What?
dialog: The woman
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hi there!
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Hi back.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Moving to Leisureland, huh?
text: exchanges a shy smile with her husband.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Yep. We’re going for it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where you guys from?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Upstate New York.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: CJ
text: East Aurora. Just outside Buffalo.
dialog: How about you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Omaha. Nervous?
speaker_heading: CJ
dialog: Oh, a little skittish.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I can understand that.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: We got cold feet and almost
dialog: bailed out once or twice. But we
dialog: sure like the idea of buying our
dialog: first house. And starting a
dialog: family... And it didn’t feel
dialog: right to stay big much longer. I
dialog: guess we just want to help out,
dialog: if we can.
speaker_heading: CJ
dialog: Plus, you know, we didn’t want to
dialog: lose that deposit.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I hear you.
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: You only live once.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, you only live once.
text: Paul smiles, moved by these nice folks and the glimmer of hope
dialog: they offer.
scene_heading: 213 EXT. LEISURELAND - DAY 213
text: A MONTAGE of the city in the RAIN.
scene_heading: 214 EXT. WORKERS’ CITY - DAY 214
text: The montage ends on a shot of water pooled in a slack part of
text: the overhead netting. TILT DOWN to reveal the converted
dialog: trailers many call home.
scene_heading: 215 EXT. ALONDRA APARTMENTS - DAY 215
text: Paul and Ngoc Lan pull up in a car, both wearing rain slickers.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Wait here. I’11 be right back.
text: Paul hurries to the rear, where he retrieves food containers.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: I want go too. I want see Rosa
dialog: new baby.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You can see the baby tomorrow.
speaker_heading: NGOC LAN
dialog: Hurry. Don’t forget we still need go
dialog: Filipino man, take care for his arm!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know. Stop obsessing about it,
dialog: will you?
scene_heading: 216 INT. ALONDRA APARTMENTS - NIGHT 216
text: Paul comes down the stairs with one last container. He trots
text: toward Mr. Cardenas, parked as usual in front of the TV.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Buenas tardes, sefor Cardenas.
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: SENOR CARDENAS
dialog: Hola, Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: éHambre?
speaker_heading: SENOR CARDENAS
dialog: Mucha. ¢éQué me traes hoy?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Creo que es pollo.
dialog: (opening it)
dialog: Si, pollo.
speaker_heading: SENOR CARDENAS
dialog: Gracias, Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hasta manana, senor Cardenas.
text: Paul hustles toward the door and pauses.
text: CLOSE on Paul turning to look back at the hunched figure in a
text: wheelchair eating his only hot meal of the day.
speaker_heading: TERGEHL (V.O.)
dialog: Perhaps one day we will learn the
dialog: fate of Safrapiil the Good and
dialog: Princess Noc. But for now, we can
dialog: only hope they lived the rest of
text: their days richly and in happiness.
text: Paul hears a honk, and, pulling the slicker over his head,
text: dashes back out into the rain.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
