scene_heading: "DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE"
dialog: Written by
dialog: John Lee Mahin
dialog: Based on the novel
dialog: "Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde"
dialog: by Robert Louis Stevenson
dialog: Copyright © 1941 Shooting Script, 1941
dialog: Loew's Inc., US;
dialog: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM),
dialog: Culver City, CA
speaker_heading: 1A
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MAN'S FACE 1
text: It is a large, sincere and kindly face, of about fifty-five
text: years of age, perfectly in keeping with the slow, resonant
text: tones in which its owner speaks.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (as we fade in)
dialog: . with purity in our hearts, with
dialog: right thinking in our minds, we arm
dialog: ourselves with an intolerance of all
dialog: evil! Thus, it is on this glorious
dialog: Sabbath morning, in this momentous
dialog: year, 1887, that we naturally turn
dialog: our thoughts to that way of life as
dialog: exemplified by Victoria, Our Beloved
dialog: Queen. For this week begins Her
dialog: Majesty's Golden Jubilee. Her strength
dialog: and goodness, her Christian
dialog: principles, have walked in the light
dialog: of God ever since her ascension to
dialog: the throne. From her heart has come
dialog: an ever-increasing flow of virtue
dialog: and moral blessing with which she
dialog: has endowed us, her loving subjects.
text: As the man speaks we BOOM BACK AND AROUND SLOWLY to discover
dialog: ourselves in All Souls Southwick Church, London. The man
text: speaking is the Bishop, talking from the pulpit, backed up
text: by the well-appointed magnificence of the Anglican altar. WE
text: PAN AROUND the congregation in the pews. For the most, they
text: are the well-dressed and well-bred families of the period,
text: listening attentively.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IN BACK - MAN AND WOMAN 1A
text: This is where the less well-to-do parishioners are seated. A
text: rugged, but strange-looking man of middle-age is seated here
text: with his wife. She is watching him anxiously. He is listening
text: intently to the sermon, his head cocked forward. Then he
text: looks away, passes his hand over his brow, and seems as though
text: to rise - as he looks at the Bishop o.s.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (detaining him, with
text: a nervous agonized
dialog: whisper)
dialog: Sam - no! What's wrong, Sam -?
text: He looks at her, subsides, clenching his jaw.
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: 3A
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BISHOP 2
speaker_heading: AS HE CONTINUES:
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (continuing)
text: She came upon a world sadly mired in
dialog: ways of the flesh, and during her
dialog: reign the forces of good have achieved
dialog: notable and great victories over the
dialog: forces of evil. And though we know
dialog: not the time nor the season, we know
dialog: that Evil in God's own time shall be
dialog: wiped out by God.
text: At this point the Bishop is startled by the interruption of
text: a high-pitched, scornful evil laugh coming from the back of
text: the church. He looks up.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IN BACK - MAN AND WOMAN 3
text: The man is laughing evilly at the Bishop. His horrified little
text: wife is trying to quiet him, and then looking about her at
dialog: the other startled people.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (agonized)
dialog: Sam -- Sam --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (sneering out)
dialog: Evil wiped out, eh? So you want to
dialog: take all the fun out of life, eh,
dialog: Bishop?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BISHOP 3A
text: With hardly a flicker he continues:
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: And may we not live for the day,
dialog: when, in the words of Holy writ, the
dialog: Devil shall be cast into the
dialog: bottomless pit?
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - CONGREGATION 4
text: The laughter from 0.s. continues a little. One or two half
text: turn about. Several look at each other, then back to the
text: Bishop with stiff-backed composure.
speaker_heading: BISHOP'S VOICE
dialog: For surely the roots of the realm
dialog: and its peoples have sprung froma
dialog: new goodness during these last decades --
dialog: 10
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TOWARD ALTAR - GROUP 5
text: They are the backs of an elderly gentleman, a young girl and
text: fine-looking man of about thirty with a Byronic head. As the
text: laughter continues through the Bishop's persistent intonation,
text: the man turns full face into CAMERA AND looks back toward
text: the disturbance. He is Dr. Henry Jekyll, his vital features
text: alive with interest.
speaker_heading: BISHOP'S VOICE
dialog: (continuing)
text: At the family hearth, in the shops
dialog: of industry, in the very Christian
dialog: graciousness with which men and women
dialog: greet each other during the everyday --
speaker_heading: OUT. 6
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MAN IN BACK 7
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Bottomless Pit, my eye! Good old
dialog: Beelzebub - the boy with the horns
dialog: and the spiked tail - they're always
dialog: running him down and he's the winner
dialog: in the end every time.
text: A man in back of him tries to pull him down, quietly. He
text: shakes him off laughing. In the b.g. the aislemen are hurrying
text: down to him.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - CONGREGATION 8
text: Still they do not look about much, paying even more attention
dialog: to the Bishop.
speaker_heading: BISHOP'S VOICE
dialog: . everyday hours. Certainly this
dialog: universal goodness is evidenced all
dialog: about us more and more as we --
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 9
text: As he looks back, studying man. The young girl with him starts
text: to look back but the old gentleman on her other side nudges
dialog: her not to do so.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BISHOP 10
text: With barely a flutter of an eyelid he continues, cutting it
dialog: short.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: -- as we live under the gentle hand
dialog: of Her Majesty, and worship the glory
dialog: and wonder that is God. It is because
dialog: of these things that - that -
text: (he gives a signal to
dialog: the choir-master)
dialog: - the world moves forward today.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CHOIR MASTER 11
text: He signals over to the organist in the b.g. He motions to
text: the awed kids in the choir to stop looking toward the back
text: of the church. The music starts the introduction to the choral
dialog: anthem.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - IN BACK - AROUND MAN 12
text: The aislemen are struggling with him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (with a last shout)
dialog: You don't think evil is on a holiday
dialog: in here, do you? Ask this bunch here
dialog: when they met up with Old Nick last!
dialog: Good Old Beelzebub! -- Blasphemy, I
dialog: call it, to talk that way about a
dialog: man's best friend!
text: But he is drowned out both by the sudden high soprano boys'
text: choir and the booming of the organ, as well as the fact that
text: the three aisle - men drag him out of the pew into the vestry.
text: The poor wife follows. But the other people hardly notice
text: him, in their disciplined conservatism. One aisleman dashes
dialog: on ahead.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - VESTRY 13
text: A knot of aislemen are around the raving, twisting man. He
text: is laughing and muttering evilly. The little wife is hovering
text: about, wringing her hands, as they lead the man from the
text: main part of the church.
speaker_heading: AD LIB
dialog: (in hushed tones)
dialog: Here, here, now man - Never heard of
dialog: such a thing... ssh! Did Parker go
dialog: for a constable? Yes. Take his other
dialog: arm... This is frightful...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (agonized)
dialog: Sam dear - no, lad - no...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 13
text: Just at this moment Jekyll comes hurrying out into the vestry.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (with calm authority)
dialog: One moment, please.
text: The aislemen step back.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (to Jekyll, who studies
dialog: him)
dialog: Let me back in there and I'll tell
dialog: "em what a grown man really thinks
dialog: about -
text: Jekyll feels the man's pulse, lifts his eye-lid. The man
text: backs away a little.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (to woman)
dialog: How long has this been going on?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: It's - it's been coming on him worse,
dialog: sir - ever since the explosion.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (very interested now)
dialog: Oh, a shock, eh?... Excellent - I
dialog: see --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (slyly - to Jekyll)
dialog: You're a hearty, full-blooded young
dialog: man - you tell ‘em...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I thought maybe if we came to church
dialog: it would --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (trying to nudge Jekyll)
dialog: We know - don't we?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (as man laughs again)
dialog: No, Sam - there now -
text: The man edges her away from him. In the meantime, Jekyll has
text: taken a card out and is writing on it. At this moment, another
text: aisleman comes in with a very officious constable.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (2) 13
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE
dialog: Hey - make way here! what's all
dialog: this about? What's all this here -
dialog: (taking man who he
dialog: sees is struggling)
dialog: Drunk and disorderly, eh? Well --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (handing constable
dialog: the card)
dialog: No, Constable. Take him to the Camden
dialog: Hospital. Give this card to Dr. Heath.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE
dialog: Better get him to the station, sir.
dialog: It's always -
dialog: (then seen name on
text: card, and looks up
dialog: at Jekyll with sudden
dialog: respect )
dialog: Oh, Dr. Jekyll! Bats, is he? Right,
dialog: sir. Camden Hospital it is, Dr.
dialog: Jekyll!
dialog: (takes man's arm,
dialog: cheerily)
dialog: All right there now, my beauty -
dialog: upsy-daisy! We'll go and get a little
dialog: fresh air in the belfry, eh?
text: WE PAN HIM out with the man, the woman following.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (as he is being led
text: out, calling back
dialog: over his shoulder)
dialog: Jekyll, eh? Go on back and try to
text: put old Beelzebub on his pit bottom,
dialog: Jekyll! He'll show you! He'll poke
text: his red beard over the rim! He jumps
dialog: on hot fiery rubber, he does!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 14
dialog: back into
text: As he looks after the man, considering him, turns and goes
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s., with awful
dialog: laugh)
dialog: Dr. Jekyll, eh?... ha, ha, ha - Go
dialog: back and be good, Dr. Jekyll...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: 15A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
text: The voice diminishes, as Jekyll turns and walks back into
dialog: church.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT JEKYLL 15
text: WE HOLD as he comes down the aisle to his pew. Just as he
text: reaches the pew the congregation rises and starts singing
text: the hymn to which the choir has been singing the introduction.
text: WE PAN HIM into his pew where he immediately starts singing
text: with his two companions. The girl is young, lovely, ripely
text: virginal, Beatrix Emery. She gives Jekyll a little questioning
text: look as he comes into pew. The elderly man is her father,
dialog: Sir Charles Emery - hawk nose over white mustache - correct
text: and cultured in his imperious strength. As they sing, we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - EXT. - CHURCH STEPS 15A
text: Service is over and the crowd is coming out. Inside the church
text: we hear the organ. Sir Charles, Beatrix and Jekyll are coming
text: out. WE PAN THEM DOWN THE STEPS across to the carriages at
dialog: the curb.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
text: (bowing to a lady and
dialog: gentlemen)
dialog: Harrison... good morning!
dialog: (turns to Beatrix and
dialog: Jekyll)
dialog: Well, we've just time for a turn in
dialog: the park -
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Harry has to leave us, Father.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I must get to the hospital, sir.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Hospital? On a Sunday? Oh, you mean
dialog: that outrageous individual that -?
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Harry says Providence dropped the
text: poor man right into his lap.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: But this is most unusual, my boy.
dialog: You know, we always take our stroll
dialog: before --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I'm sorry, but it is, sir. Most
dialog: unusual.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 15A
speaker_heading: 15B
speaker_heading: 15C
speaker_heading: 15D
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 15A
dialog: By this time they have reached Sir Charles [...] smart open
text: carriage. A footman stands holding the door open for them. A
text: groom, in similar livery, is on the box.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: See you at the Marley's tonight,
dialog: now. Don't be late.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: And let you have free rein with all
dialog: those men?
text: He kisses her on the lips, much to Sir Charles' consternation.
text: She laughs and gets into carriage. Sir Charles, nervous about
text: the kiss, looking about to see who has noticed it, follows
text: Beatrix into carriage.
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO SHOT - BEATRIX AND JEKYLL 15B
text: She sits with her hand resting on the side of the carriage.
text: O.s. the footman closes the door.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (intimately)
dialog: That's a very silly little hat, by
dialog: the way.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: I knew you'd like it.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (picking up her hand -
dialog: kissing it)
dialog: There's really nothing about you
dialog: that I like at all.
text: As he holds her hand, he makes a surreptious little bite at
dialog: it.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SIR CHARLES 15C
text: He has been watching; he starts nervously as he sees Jekyll
dialog: do this.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (to groom, o.s.)
dialog: All right, Jenkins.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - AROUND CARRIAGE 15D
text: The carriage drives o.s. Jekyll starts backing away, in the
text: opposite direction, waving to Beatrix. He backs into a fat
dialog: old dowager.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 15D
speaker_heading: 15E
speaker_heading: 15F
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 15D
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (to glaring dowager)
dialog: I beg your pardon!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BEATRIX AND SIR CHARLES - INT. CARRIAGE - 15E
speaker_heading: PROCESS
text: Beatrix is waving and laughs louder as she sees Jekyll's
text: dilemna o.s. As she laughs louder, Sir Charles pulls her
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: My dear - please -
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: But you didn't see him. He backed
dialog: right into Lady --
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: My dear Beatrix - I'ma very broad-
dialog: minded man, as you know - but despite
dialog: the fact that you and Harry are
dialog: engaged to be married, I wish he
dialog: wouldn't carry on his demonstrations
dialog: of affection in public.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Now, Father darling - don't be
text: pompous.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
text: (bowing to a passerby
dialog: 0.S.)
dialog: But good heavens - nibbling your
dialog: knuckles...
text: Beatrix bursts out in a peal of healthy laughter, throwing
text: back her head.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Beatrix -!
dialog: 16-25 OUT.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BEATRIX - PROCESS 15F
text: She controls herself, and subsides to a giggle, shaking her
dialog: head at her Father's attitude, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - INT. HOSPITAL - MRS. HIGGINS' FACE 16
dialog: Mrs. Higgins is the woman with the man who caused the
text: disturbance in the church. She is sobbing silently in contrast
text: to Beatrix and WE PULL BACK to see her standing outside a
text: door in the corridor of the hospital. AS WE HOLD the door
text: opens and a young interne steps out with a rather
text: surreptitious look back into the room. All we can see in the
text: room is the end of a bed with a man's feet strapped to it.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (Higgins, as door
dialog: opens)
dialog: Now, Doctor, my lad - as man to man -
dialog: we know what's fun in life and what
dialog: isn't! Eh, Doctor?
text: The man laughs wildly. The interne closes the door quietly
text: and WE PAN HIM as he hurries down the hall to the end, and
text: enters a door.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - DOOR AT END 17
text: On it is marked: "House Physician - Dr. Heath."
speaker_heading: INTERNE'S VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. But Dr. Jekyll insists
text: going ahead with treatment.
speaker_heading: HEATH'S VOICE
dialog: But that mustn't be! The man's under
dialog: observation!
speaker_heading: INTERNE'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, sir. That's what I told him,
dialog: but -- You better come, sir.
text: The young interne comes out with Dr. Heath, a matured
text: physician of about fifty. Dr. Heath wears a worried frown on
text: his face. WE TRUCK WITH THEM a little way back toward the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: DR. HEATH
dialog: (agitated - as they
dialog: come out)
dialog: He has no right to do such a thing!
speaker_heading: INTERNE
dialog: I suggested it would be better that
dialog: he consult you first, sir - but he
dialog: still --
speaker_heading: DR. HEATH
dialog: I know. Thank you, Fenwick.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 17
text: WE PAN them on down the hall to the door where Mrs. Higgins
text: is waiting.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - AT PATIENT'S DOOR 18
text: Dr. Heath enters the room. Mrs. Higgins sobbing, puts her
text: hand on the interne's arm as he is about to follow. Inside,
text: the man Higgins is laughing evilly.
speaker_heading: MRS. HIGGINS
dialog: Isn't there anything they can -?
speaker_heading: INTERNE
dialog: Everything possible is being done,
dialog: Mrs. Higgins. Dr. Jekyll knows more
dialog: about your husband's case than any
dialog: other mental specialist in London.
speaker_heading: HIGGINS' VOICE
dialog: (from inside)
dialog: Why! Here's another doctor! But don't
dialog: ask him! He's too old!
text: The interne closes the door. The man's high laugh comes from
text: inside. Almost immediately the door is opened by Dr. Heath
text: who comes out with Jekyll.
speaker_heading: DR. HEATH
dialog: It's a matter of ethics, Jekyll. I
dialog: can't allow it.
speaker_heading: MRS. HIGGINS
dialog: Dr. Jekyll, can't I go in and --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
text: (gently, patting her
dialog: shoulder )
dialog: Not yet, Mrs. Higgins. Bear up now.
dialog: That's the way you said you'd help -
dialog: remember.
text: Continues to Heath as WE PAN THEM DOWN the corridor, Jekyll
text: obviously trying to control himself
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: But, good heavens, man - this is the
dialog: chance of a lifetime for me. The
dialog: more I see of the case the more I
dialog: realize it.
text: The stop a little way down the hall, opposite an open
text: unoccupied room.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HEATH AND JEKYLL 19
speaker_heading: HEATH
dialog: It's quite possible that this case
dialog: might fall within the bounds of your
dialog: research. You know how we've all
dialog: admired your other work in the past.
dialog: And personally, I'd like to bow to
dialog: your opinion here, but in my position
dialog: as head of the staff, I cannot
dialog: countenance --
text: He stops and realizes they are being watched o.s. as he looks
text: down the hall.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MRS. HIGGINS - THEIR ANGLE 20
text: She stands looking at them pathetically, wringing her hand.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - JEKYLL AND HEATH 21
speaker_heading: HEATH
dialog: (indicating open door)
dialog: Better come in here.
text: They go into vacant room and close door.
scene_heading: SLOW TRUCKING SHOT - MRS. HIGGINS 22
text: She looks at the room her husband is in, then starts
text: timorously along the hall to the door behind which are Heath
text: and Jekyll. WE HOLD A SECOND here. She would like to go in.
text: She starts to knock. Jekyll's and Heath's voices are only
dialog: murmurs.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL'S VOICE
dialog: (suddenly rising clear)
dialog: But I'm not witch doctor!
speaker_heading: HEATH'S VOICE
dialog: (rising, too - very
dialog: clear)
dialog: Who's called you a witch doctor? You
dialog: told me yourself you've had no
dialog: definite success. I can't allow you
dialog: to experiment with -
text: There are sudden quick footsteps toward door, and it is flung
dialog: open by Jekyll.
speaker_heading: HEATH
dialog: (following him)
dialog: Why, the man's a human being -!
text: Jekyll wheels on him at the door, his eyes blazing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 22
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: You mean he was a human being! And
dialog: he'd have another chance at it, if
dialog: you'd keep your hide-bound ethics
dialog: out of this! There aren't any rules
dialog: for discovering medical Utopia! Or
dialog: perhaps you haven't the courage to
dialog: face what might be the greatest -!
text: He stops, glaring impotently at Heath, who steps back a
text: little, so vehement is Jekyll's look and attitude. Then,
text: with an inarticulate growl of disgust, Jekyll wheels away
text: quickly, AS WE TRUCK AND PAN with him to the end of the
text: corridor and around the corner. The tension of his anger
text: relaxes into a bitter smile as he walks along. He passes
text: some swinging glass opaque doors marked: "CHILDREN'S WARD"
text: and is about to go on when he thinks of something and turns
text: back, entering the ward.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - JEKYLL - INT. WARD 23
text: As he walks down between corridor of beds and steps quickly
text: behind screen which covers the fourth of fifth bed. This is
text: obviously the Children's Orthepedoic Ward as we see by the
text: condition of the patients in the various beds.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - AT BED 24
text: A small boy has obviously been badly smashed in an accident.
text: A worried young father, sitting by the bed, gets up quickly
text: as Jekyll comes in. The little boy, his legs suspended in a
text: pully contraption, smiles weakly at Jekyll as the latter
text: feels his pulse.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (to little boy)
dialog: Hullo, Tommy Atkins - how's the war?
text: The little boy laughs in weak happiness.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (to Jekyll)
dialog: He's - he's going to be all right,
dialog: isn't he, doctor?
text: Jekyll waits a second, counting pulse.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (smiling at boy)
dialog: Charlie and I never had a doubt about
dialog: it, did we, Charlie?
text: At this moment o.s. we hear a little girl's voice wailing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I can't! Please, nurse --
speaker_heading: NURSE'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Now do as nurse says, Dorothy.
text: Jekyll looks in the direction of the voice and walks off
dialog: o.s.
scene_heading: 25 35 GROUP SHOT - AISLE BETWEEN BEDS 25
text: A nurse is trying to get a little girl of five or six to
text: throw away her crutches and walk. The little girl is
text: frightened. Neither of them notices Jekyll as he comes out
text: in the aisle and watches the scene.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Give the crutches to nurse now,
dialog: Dorothy.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (her lip quivering)
dialog: I can't! I'll fall again. I don't
dialog: want to fall again.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (starting to reason
dialog: again)
dialog: Dorothy dear, listen to me. If I
dialog: tell you -?
scene_heading: 26 CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 26
dialog: Jekyll is studying Dorothy o.s.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY'S VOICE
dialog: But I'll hurt myself some more. I
dialog: can't walk.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (suddenly - firmly)
dialog: Dorothy!
dialog: (he exits towards her)
scene_heading: 27 CLOSE SHOT - DOROTHY AND JEKYLL 27
text: as she looks at Jekyll, who comes into SCENE.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: What, sir?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Give me those crutches.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT 28
text: Dorothy allows Jekyll to take the crutches from her. She
text: stands wavering.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (without holding out
dialog: hands)
dialog: Now walk. Walk here to me.
text: Dorothy teeters after him as he backs up slowly for fifteen
text: feet. As she reaches Jekyll he kneels down and steadies her.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - JEKYLL, DOROTHY AND NURSE 29
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
text: (looking at him in
dialog: wonder )
dialog: I walked! I walked, didn't I?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (almost severely)
dialog: Dorothy, always remember you can do
dialog: anything in this world you put your
dialog: mind to.
text: (then patting her
dialog: head with a grin)
dialog: Why, you'll be dancing on Hampstead
dialog: Heath next Bank Holiday!
text: He straightens up and hands her over to the nurse who exits
text: with her. Jekyll turns and WE PAN HIM OUT of the ward.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - EXT. WARD 30
text: Just as Jekyll comes out into corridor; he is joined by a
text: pleasant, solid-looking man of about his age, Dr. John Lanyon,
text: his friend and colleague. Lanyon, a stethescope about his
text: neck, yet attired as Jekyll, looks concerned as WE TRUCK
text: THEM down the corridor.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Harry, old boy, what's up? There're
dialog: rumors of a tiff between you and --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (with a calming
text: gesture, and a rueful
dialog: smile)
dialog: Don't worry, John. The bull is leaving
dialog: the china shop.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: But you must realize that Heath has
dialog: his --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (sardonically, yet
dialog: with affection)
dialog: I realize, Dr. John Lanyon, my friend
dialog: and eminently respected surgeon that
dialog: your Dr. Heath is right. My treatment
dialog: was not yet thoroughly proven. And
dialog: if we doctors were allowed to
dialog: experiment on human beings, too many
dialog: things would go wrong - and human
dialog: beings might lose faith even in the
dialog: proven good of medicine. Isn't that
dialog: it?
text: By this time WE HOLD as they reach a table near the foyer on
dialog: which doctors have placed their hats and sticks and from
text: which Jekyll picks up his.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (attempting to reason)
dialog: Harry --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (now definitely)
dialog: But I'm not far from proof! And when
dialog: I get it: Ethics or no ethics!
text: Lanyon shrugs, and laughs, patting Jekyll with a soothing
text: gesture on the back, and exiting 0.s. down another turn of
dialog: the corridor.
text: Then Jekyll thinks of something and starts quickly back down
text: the corridor just as the interne of the previous SCENE rounds
text: a corner to meet him, carrying a leather vial case. WE HOLD.
speaker_heading: INTERNE
dialog: (handing case to him)
dialog: I thought perhaps you'd --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (quickly, serious)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (opens case, runs his
text: fingers over tops of
dialog: vials disclosed to
dialog: see if all are there,
dialog: then closes it)
dialog: Thank you, Fenwick.
text: We PAN HIM as he turns back toward foyer again, taking out a
text: key and locking case as he goes, as we,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 41-42 OUT.
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: 31A
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - EXT. JEKYLL'S HOUSE - LATER 31
dialog: It is the type of house found in Harley Street of Adam
text: architecture, proving Jekyll's means and position. Jekyll's
text: carriage draws up and stops.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT - AT CARRIAGE 31A
text: Jekyll merely sits and stares ahead of him, unaware that he
text: is home. The groom, not hearing him open the door, looks
text: around. This causes Jekyll to look at the groom, realize
dialog: they have reached home.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh - yes, Burke -
text: He gets out, and WE PAN HIM up to the front door. He takes
text: out his key and enters.
speaker_heading: OUT. 32
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. ENTRANCE HALL - JEKYLL'S HOUSE 33
text: Jekyll lets himself in with the key, walks slowly to the
text: center of the hall, stands there in thought for a second.
text: Poole, his butler, an old man full of warm adoration for
text: him, is hurrying down the stairs, and goes to him.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (taking his hat and
dialog: stick)
dialog: Good afternoon, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: Hello, Poole...
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: I'm so glad you're home for tea,
dialog: sir. Where will you take it?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (strolling slowly
dialog: away )
dialog: Oh - anywhere....
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: POOLE
text: (hurrying up beside
dialog: him)
dialog: I'll be bound you've had no lunch...
dialog: those hospitals. Some nice buttered
dialog: crumpets, sir - but we mustn't have
dialog: too much, or we shan't be eating a
dialog: good dinner at the Marley's - and
dialog: Miss Beatrix would be after me
dialog: properly.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (not having heard a
dialog: word)
dialog: Hmmm...
text: With this he quickens his pace, and darts through an entrance
text: way off the hall.
scene_heading: FULL PAN SHOT - EXT. COURTYARD AND BRIDGE - JEKYLL'S HOUSE 34
text: The back court and garden are sunk below the ground level of
text: the main house. Jekyll comes from the main house across a
text: bridge which leads to another separate building in back, his
text: laboratory. He reaches door of lab. Poole stands in the door
text: of the main house.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Shall I serve it in the laboratory,
dialog: sir?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - POOLE - AT DOOR OF MAIN HOUSE 35
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (calling after him -
dialog: losing patience)
dialog: Now you must have something, you
dialog: know -!
text: He stops as WE HEAR a door slam o.s. He shakes his head
text: hopelessly.
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: 36A
speaker_heading: 36B
speaker_heading: 36C
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. LAB 36
text: In the center of the room is a huge work-table covered by a
text: strange series of test tubes, vials, crucibles, a smelter...
text: and a mysterious pharaphernailia of connected glass stills
text: form a weird unknown world in themselves. There is a cabinet
text: full of surgical instruments and another larger closed cabinet
text: with a heavy lock. There is little furniture except a writing
text: desk with a file and a chair. Jekyll hurries along a balcony
text: and down a flight of steps at the back into the room. He
text: places his case on the table. WE DOLLY AND PAN HIM over toa
text: row of cages filled with rats, guinea pigs and rabbits. His
text: manner is anxious, anticipatory. He looks at the first two
text: or three cages. In the first a couple of guinea pigs seem
text: rather active. He looks at their actions closely. He seems a
text: little excited as he passes to the next two cages, but then
text: his expression falls.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TWO CAGES - HIS ANGLE - 36A
text: In one a large rabbit lies dead. In the second is a large
dialog: dead rat.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 36B
text: He reaches o0.s. and picks out the two dead animals. WE PAN
text: HIM down the wall a little.
dialog: -- [19] --
text: He takes a large rabbit out of a smaller cage. It is gentle
text: and sniffs his hand. He strokes its head. WE PAN HIM back as
text: he puts the rabbit into the experimental cage and then PAN
text: HIM as he picks up a heavy glove and puts it on his hand. He
text: stops by a cage in which is a large wharf rat, and reaches
text: in for it with his gloved hand.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - RAT - INT. CAGE 36C
text: He backs into a corner as Jekyll's hand enters and then
text: springs at Jekyll's fingers, biting the leather. But Jekyll's
text: hand pins him down by the back of the neck.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 36D CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
text: He brings the rat out and WE PAN him as he places it in the
text: second experimental cage. He picks up the two dead animals,
text: crosses with them to the main laboratory table. He unlocks
text: his case and takes out a single vial and looks from vial to
dialog: the dead animals. We feel a connection between them and the
text: attempted treatment of Higgins. Jekyll frowns, then
text: immediately starts to work. He takes out an oral syringe,
text: tests it, looking back at the fresh animals, then he lights
text: a gas flame under a tube, starts arranging a cooling coil,
text: etc., mixing concoctions, and WE DOLLY INTO HIS troubled
dialog: face, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BEATRIX - INT. MARLEY DINING ROOM
text: Her expression is also troubled. She sits dawdling with her
text: dessert, and then she looks o.s. as WE PULL BACK ALONG the
dialog: table.
text: The Marley dining room is typical of the period, high stiff
text: chairs, seating fourteen people. They are in evening dress.
text: Mr. Marley, the vacant-looking host, sits at one end. On his
dialog: left, in order, are: Mrs. French, [...] Courtney - a bearded
dialog: conservative of the profession, Mrs. Courtney, Sir Charles,
text: Mrs. Weymouth - a female eagle withered from the tropics,
text: Colonel Weymouth, her husband, an old red-faced officer of
text: horse in mufti with decorations on his lapel, and then Mrs.
text: Marley, hostess. On Mrs. Marley's right, in order are:
text: The Bishop of All Souls, Lady Cooper - a coy female, then an
text: empty chair, then Beatrix, Lanyon, and Mrs. Arnold next to
dialog: Mr. Marley.
text: There is quiet, well-bred small talk. A butler and two maids
text: are in attendance. WE HOLD on Sir Charles as he looks at his
text: watch, and then glances o.s. at the empty chair next to
dialog: Beatrix.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BEATRIX
text: She reacts to her father's frown and turns to smile casually
text: at something said farthur down the table.
speaker_heading: AD LIB
dialog: (under all this)
dialog: We had a perfectly shocking meet at
dialog: Ascot, didn't we?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 36D
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 38
speaker_heading: AD LIB (CONT'D)
dialog: Puggie Wilson has a wonderful new
dialog: filly, I understand... A good chance
dialog: for the Oaks this year... Of course
dialog: she's rather pretty - but my dear,
dialog: her father is in trade.... The poor
dialog: boy's just down from Cambridge --
dialog: simply exhausted from work...
dialog: Education demands sacrifice, doesn't
dialog: it? Etc.
text: Beatrix! expression suddenly lights up as we HEAR Jekyll's
dialog: Voice o.s.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Mrs. Marley -!
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - DINING ROOM 39
text: Jekyll is just entering the dining room from the drawing
text: room, followed by a footman who has evidently just admitted
text: him. Jekyll heads straight for Mrs. Marley. The men rise.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL AND MRS. MARLEY 40
text: She looks at him a little stiffly as she offers her hand.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: My deepest apologies.
scene_heading: MRS. MARLEY
dialog: (slightly sarcastic)
dialog: I know - you doctors - we can never
dialog: rely on you, can we?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (turning on charm,
dialog: over her hand)
dialog: Mrs. Marley, I'd rather be reminded
dialog: of my short-comings by the smartest
dialog: hostess in London than to be on the
dialog: Jubilee Honors list.
scene_heading: MRS. MARLEY
dialog: (with a double-take,
dialog: completely mollified)
dialog: Ch! Sit there, Dr. Jekyll...
text: She indicates vacant seat o.s., and we PAN Jekyll as he walks
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (to standing gentlemen)
dialog: Gentlemen, please... Good evening,
dialog: Bishop - John - Colonel Weymouth -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: AD LIB
dialog: Ah, Doctor... Harry... good evening,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (looking at Beatrix -
text: as butler pulls out
dialog: chair muttering)
dialog: Been behaving yourself?
scene_heading: 41 CLOSE SHOT - BEATRIX 41
text: As she laughs, and looks around the table.
scene_heading: 42 GROUP SHOT - INCLUDING JEKYLL 42
text: As he sits down between Beatrix and Lady Cooper.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (to Lady Cooper - yet
dialog: feeling for Beatrix's
dialog: hand)
dialog: Lady Cooper - my short-comings are
dialog: rewarded.
speaker_heading: LADY COOPER
dialog: (a coy dame)
dialog: Naughty man.
text: There is correct laughter at this "risque" dialogue.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: A doctor's life, eh, Harry? The more
dialog: patients, the colder the soup.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Wasn't a patient, exactly. I started
dialog: something in the laboratory and just
text: forgot to lock at the clock.
scene_heading: DR. COURTNEY
dialog: (a little patronizing)
dialog: Ah, yes, Jekyll - Heath was telling
dialog: me you're still carrying on with
dialog: that research of yours.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (with a wry smile)
dialog: I'm afraid Dr. Heath isn't quite -
text: well, in sympathy, Dr. Courtney.
scene_heading: DR. COURTNEY
dialog: Well, that's understandable, isn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: DR. COURTNEY (CONT'D)
text: Separating the facets of the brain...
dialog: a little ambitious, I'd say.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (stung)
dialog: My research hopes to go deeper than
dialog: the brain -- into something more
dialog: intangible than the mind, even.
scene_heading: DR. COURTNEY
dialog: (looking at others
dialog: with a laugh)
dialog: Well, all that seems to be left is
dialog: the soul.
text: Colonel Weymouth and Marley laugh.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: All right. Have it that way. Because
dialog: that's just where I am aiming -- at
dialog: the soul.
text: A maid, putting his soup in front of him, looks extremely
text: startled.
scene_heading: 43 CLOSE SHOT - SIR CHARLES AND OTHERS 43
text: He locks amazed at Jekyll 0.s., puzzled and frowning.
speaker_heading: DR. COURTNEY'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: The soul?
speaker_heading: AD LIB (0.S.)
dialog: Good heavens... did he say "soul"?
dialog: What does he mean...? Etc.
scene_heading: 44 GROUP SHOT - INCLUDING JEKYLL, BISHOP, LADY COOPER 44
speaker_heading: LADY COOPER
dialog: The soul! How thrilling!
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (genially)
dialog: Come, come - my dear doctor - now
dialog: you're invading my territory.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
text: (looking at him with
dialog: a serious smile)
dialog: Yes, my Lord - and I hope I may be
dialog: of some assistance.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SIR CHARLES 45
text: He is a little startled by this radical statement and wishes
text: to assume that Harry is joking.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: My dear Harry - of course, you don't
dialog: mean this?
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - INCLUDING JEKYLL 46
text: He looks quickly over at Sir Charles, picking up the
dialog: challenge.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: But I do, Sir Charles. Just consider
dialog: that poor chap in church this morning.
dialog: If you didn't see him, you all heard
dialog: him, I'm sure.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Ah, yes. I thank you for your
dialog: assistance there, Dr. Jekyll.
scene_heading: DR. COURTNEY
dialog: (with finality)
text: Hopelessly insane. Obviously.
scene_heading: MRS. MARLEY
dialog: Why, the simply shocking things he
dialog: said...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: He wasn't insane. There was just one
dialog: side of him in existence. And that
dialog: side was speaking the truth.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WEYMOUTH
dialog: Good heavens! Which side?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: His evil side. The man has been
text: spiritually distorted through shock...
dialog: that explosion in the gas mains last
dialog: month. Before that he was a fine,
dialog: solid citizen - gentle and kind with
dialog: his children - deeply in love with
dialog: his wife. Since then, he's suffered
dialog: a complete change - so that this
dialog: afternoon I saw him entirely reverted
dialog: to the animal - slythinking and vile,
text: dangerous and rapacious, by turns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: LADY COOPER
text: (in the silence, edging
dialog: a little from Jekyll)
dialog: Mercy -!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SIR CHARLES 47
text: The other maid is just taking away his dessert, plate. The
text: maid looks wide-eyed at Jekyll o.s. Sir Charles is very
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (shifting uneasily)
dialog: Yes... ahumm...
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - AGAIN 48
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (trying to pass it
dialog: off casually)
dialog: But Harry - what's that to do with
dialog: the soul? We can clearly understand
dialog: it as an injury to the nervous system
dialog: and therefore --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (now lost in his
dialog: subject, earnestly
dialog: reasoning)
dialog: No, no, John - I insist he has been
dialog: shocked from normal good into complete
dialog: evil. When I said before he was a
dialog: "good" man, I didn't mean that he
dialog: didn't have a bad thought or two
dialog: from time to time -- and perhaps
dialog: commit his portion of transgressions
dialog: against the laws of civilized society.
dialog: Because, after all - that is the
dialog: problem of civilized Man's soul -the
dialog: good and the evil in it are constantly
dialog: fighting one another.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - INCLUDING JEKYLL AND BISHOP 49
text: The Bishop is the least affronted, very interested, but
text: adamnantly patient.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: There is a Higher Source from which
dialog: the good may always find aid in its
dialog: fight, Dr. Jekyll....
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I realize that, sir - but...
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: 50 CLOSE SHOT - COLONEL AND HIS WIFE 50
scene_heading: MRS. WEYMOUTH
dialog: (haughtily - her hand
text: possessively on
dialog: Colonel's arm)
dialog: Of course. The Colonel and I always
dialog: feel that people can be good if they
dialog: wish to be - and, well - otherwise,
dialog: if they don't.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (with a snort)
dialog: Exactly. Discipline! Everything
dialog: else is poppycock!
dialog: (then militantly
dialog: changing subject
dialog: with a joke)
dialog: Haw! But men going dotty and all
dialog: that do amusin' things at times. I
dialog: remember our sergeant during the
dialog: second Punjab campaign. We attacked
dialog: and --
scene_heading: MRS. WEYMOUTH
dialog: It was our quartermaster.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (not breaking his
dialog: stride)
dialog: Quiet, my dear - you were in Poona
dialog: at the time. I remember this -
scene_heading: 51 CLOSE SHOT - MARLEY 51
speaker_heading: MARLEY
text: (his mouth agape as
text: he still looks at
text: Jekyll vacuously)
dialog: But look here, Jekyll - I mean I - I
dialog: simply must get this straight - you
dialog: mean -?
scene_heading: 52 FLASH SHOT - MRS. MARLEY 52
text: She is trying to get her stupid husband's eye to keep him
dialog: from pressing the subject.
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 53 GROUP SHOT - INCLUDING JEKYLL 53
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (warmed to his subject,
dialog: glad of the interest)
dialog: Well, to put it as simply as I can -
dialog: Good and evil are so close as to be
text: chained together in the soul. Man
dialog: isn't truly one, but two. Now what
dialog: if we could break that chain -
dialog: separate those two selves --
text: (his face alight,
dialog: lost in his subject)
dialog: To free the good in man, and let it
dialog: go on to its higher destiny... to
dialog: segregate the bad in man - and let
dialog: it destroy itself in its own
dialog: degradation!
text: (looks around, sees
dialog: he has gone beyond
dialog: their comprehension -
dialog: finishes lamely)
dialog: Well, roughly that's what my research
dialog: is leading to -- a combination of
dialog: chemical agents, which if administered
dialog: would --
text: Marley has just awakened to the fact that his guests aren't
dialog: very happy - particularly the two nervous ladies on his either
text: side. Also, he feels his own "character" attacked.
speaker_heading: MARLEY
dialog: (sputtering)
dialog: But see here - aren't you rather
dialog: presumptuous in assuming there is
dialog: evil in all men?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Of course there's evil in all men!
text: He speaks the following with a peculiar faunlike glee, jabbing
text: at them with his tone, quietly, but watching them all as he
text: looks around the table. He's mad now at their subborn refusal
dialog: to look at the facts.
scene_heading: 54 PAN SHOT - SLOW - AROUND TABLE 54
text: Jekyll's voice comes over the stiff-lipped women and
dialog: uncomfortable men.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: JEKYLL'S VOICE
dialog: We'd be hypocrites if we didn't admit
dialog: it. We've all had thoughts we wouldn't
dialog: care to have published ... or shouted
dialog: out loud. Our desires aren't always
text: confirmed to a drawing room. As
dialog: Christian we admit that Man was
dialog: created weak! It's an honest problem.
dialog: Shouldn't we face it?
text: By this time WE HOLD ON the Bishop. There is a tense silence!
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (with gentle dignity)
dialog: Suppose we believe that Man's soul
text: has not yet reached its fulfillment.
dialog: Is it right or wise to tamper with
dialog: this problem, until its Creator has
dialog: solved it - in His own mysterious
dialog: way?
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - INCLUDING JEKYLL, COLONEL, BISHOP 55
text: The Colonel is looking across at Jekyll, trembling with
text: austere indignation.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (softening a little)
dialog: My Lord - as I said before -
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - DR. COURTNEY - 56
text: He draws himself up in a severe conservative huff.
scene_heading: DR. COURTNEY
dialog: Really, Jekyll - this is quite
dialog: alarming. Such theories are
dialog: dangerously close to a -- well, I
dialog: hesitate to think what the Medical
dialog: Council will be forced to say if --
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - INCLUDING JEKYLL'S END OF TABLE 57
text: Sir Charles looks with alarm at what Dr. Courtney is saying.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (with an undercurrent
dialog: of heat - but smiling)
dialog: Dr. Courtney - advanced theories are
dialog: always the sore-point for the Medical
dialog: Council - or even a Queen's physician.
dialog: Especially if there's a confortable
dialog: profit in those already safely
dialog: established.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
scene_heading: DR. COURTNEY
dialog: (bristling)
dialog: Jekyll - if -
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (suddenly exploding)
dialog: If you want my opinion, young man -
dialog: this is all pure balderdash!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (right back at him)
dialog: Really, Colonel Weymouth? Suppose
dialog: we take your profession. What about
text: the soldier when he comes out of
text: battle - keyed up from the lust of
dialog: killing? What about his thoughts?
dialog: He's lonely - bewildered. why just
dialog: recall yourself, as a young subaltern
dialog: in Egypt - back from a campaign up
text: the Nile - on a moonlit night in
dialog: Cairo. What were your thoughts? What
dialog: was in your mind?
text: For a moment the Colonel is so moved by the glamor and
text: nostalgia in Jekyll's words, that his mouth is agape.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (half remembering dim
dialog: conquests)
dialog: Well, now - if you put it - I mean
dialog: that's something diff--
text: (then suddenly feels
dialog: his wife's eagle
dialog: glare - pounds table)
dialog: Harrumph! By Gad, sir! I've heard
dialog: enough!
scene_heading: 58 CLOSE SHOT - MRS. MARLEY 58
text: She pushes her chair back in the sudden silence, rises with
text: a sugary little murmur.
scene_heading: MRS. MARLEY
dialog: Ladies...?
scene_heading: 59 FULL SHOT - ROOM 59
text: As the ladies rise, and leave, the men standing.
speaker_heading: LADY COOPER
dialog: (as they go)
dialog: Oh, I meant to ask. Has anybody seen
dialog: Wilde's new play, "The Ideal Husband"?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 30.
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: Oh, yes - at the Haymarket - a little
dialog: so-so for my taste but then -
speaker_heading: MRS. ARNOLD
text: The pantomime at the Lane is
dialog: magnificent. Dan [...] is screamingly
dialog: funny.
scene_heading: MRS. COURTNEY
dialog: Yes. And have you seen Irving's "King
dialog: Arthur"... Superb...
scene_heading: TwO SHOT - BEATRIX AND JEKYLL (OVER THIS) 60
text: As she rises she gives him a little smile which means "I'm-
dialog: with-you",
text: perhaps even purses her lips at him quickly as WE
text: PAN her away with the other women.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 61
text: He looks after her, raises his eyebrow with a dry grin and
text: shrugs his shoulders.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SIR CHARLES 62
text: He is looking from Jekyll to Beatrix 0.s., a worried look of
dialog: disapproval in his expression, as we,
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: - CARRIAGE - EXT STREET - NIGHT 63
text: It clops along with two horses, footman and driver on box.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
scene_heading: - INT. CARRIAGE - LATER 64
text: Beatrix sits between Jekyll and Sir Charles on the back seat.
text: Lanyon sits on the jump seat. Sir Charles looks silent and
text: worried. All are aware of this. WE ONLY HEAR the clop-clop
text: of the horses. Beatrix suddenly puts her hand over her
dialog: Father's.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (affectionately)
dialog: Tired, Father darling...?
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Hm? Oh - no, no.
dialog: (as carriage stops)
dialog: Well - here we are, eh?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES (CONT'D)
dialog: (as Footman opens
dialog: door - and Lanyon
dialog: gets out)
dialog: That's it. You first, John.
dialog: (getting out himself
text: with a grunt, as he
dialog: rises)
dialog: Hmph! Getting old, I suppose.
scene_heading: 65 GROUP SHOT - EXT. - AT CARRIAGE 65
text: They are in front of Sir Charles' house, a large mansion of
dialog: the period.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Well, Sir Charles, it's been a long
dialog: evening, so I imagine you -
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Oh, no - no. You must come in for a
dialog: night-cap, John.
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: If you don't think the rest of the
dialog: company will be bored with each other.
text: Jekyll and Bee look at each other with relieved smiles.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Well - thank you, sir. Just one.
text: They all move toward the house, as we PAN, and
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 66 FULL SHOT - INT. DRAWING ROOM 66
text: It is excellently and richly appointed in the style of the
text: period. Some French doors open off into a conservatory to
text: one side. Lanyon is pouring the drinks from a tray. Beatrix
text: and Jekyll are across the room at a music box, looking for
text: some discs. Sir Charles is looking in a humidor for cigars.
scene_heading: 66A TWO SHOT - JEKYLL AND BEATRIX 66A
text: Jekyll is looking at a disc.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: What about this -?
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: No.... this -
text: She looks affectionately o.s. toward her Father.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 66A
speaker_heading: 66B
speaker_heading: 66C
speaker_heading: 66D
speaker_heading: 66E
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66A
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (puzzled - in same
dialog: voice)
dialog: What -?
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: This is the one that makes Father
dialog: wind his watch.
dialog: (she puts it on and
dialog: it starts a lovely
dialog: waltz))
dialog: Look -
scene_heading: THEY BOTH LOOK
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - SIR CHARLES 66B
text: He raises his eyes from the humidor at the first strains. He
text: seems to think back for a second. THEN WE PAN HIM as he walks
text: slowly to grandfather's clock. Beside the clock is a portrait
text: of a lovely woman, obwiously Beatrix's mother by her looks.
text: Sir Charles takes out his watch and winds it, but he does
text: not look at it. He is looking up at the picture, not the
dialog: clock.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PICTURE 66C
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SIR CHARLES 66D
text: His eyes are a little misty, as he looks o.s. at the picture.
scene_heading: TwO SHOT - BEATRIX AND JEKYLL 66E
text: As they watch Sir Charles o.s.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (to Jekyll)
text: It is the waltz that he and Mama
dialog: first danced together.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (touched)
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (turns to Beatrix,
dialog: with a little bow)
dialog: May I have the honor, Miss Beatrix?
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (curtseying)
text: With pleasure, Dr. Jekyll.
text: He takes her in his arms, and they waltz through the French
text: doors into the conservatory.
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: 68A
speaker_heading: 68B
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SIR CHARLES 67
text: He turns from the picture and watches them waltz o.s.
scene_heading: EFFECT SHOT - SIR CHARLES' ANGLE - BEATRIX AND JEKYLL 68
text: They waltz, framed in the French doors.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SIR CHARLES 68A
text: He smiles a little wistfully, touched by his memories.
scene_heading: BACK TO BEATRIX AND JEKYLL - HIS ANGLE 68B
text: They dance o.s. into the part of the conservatory hidden
dialog: from his view.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SIR CHARLES 69
text: His wistful expression turns to one of worry. Lanyon appears
text: INTO SCENE, carrying two glasses, hands one to Sir Charles.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Sir Charles...
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: Your health, sir.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Hm? Oh, yes, John - thank you, sir.
text: He raises his glass, then drinks, then looks o.s. toward
text: conservatory again, worried.
scene_heading: EFFECT SHOT - BEATRIX AND JEKYLL - INT. CONSERVATORY 70
text: They are in each other's arms, in a long embrace. WE ARE
text: SHOOTING from the middle of the round, glass-domed room,
text: through ferns and foliage. The waltz plays dimly o.s. Their
text: lips part.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Where's our melody - when first we
dialog: met? We haven't got any....
text: They start walking around the rotunda and WE PAN.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Oh, yes we have. It isn't when you
dialog: meet. It's when you know.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: She stops
dialog: They kiss
dialog: 34.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: That the world's spinning around -
dialog: just for two people alone.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: When do two people know a thing like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Oh... just about a month ago - ona
dialog: high hill in Scotland...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh, yes. I know that hill... Pretty
dialog: close to Heaven, isn't it?
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Right there. Right on the
dialog: outskirts....
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (as though suddenly
dialog: remembering)
dialog: I was there about that time - witha
dialog: girl of all things!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Was the heather very high - and the
text: clouds very low above their heads -?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Hmmm - yes - but what I remember
dialog: most was the way the wind caught the
text: absurd little ringlets in her hair.
dialog: (touching around her
dialog: ear)
dialog: Right about there.
text: and turns to him.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: See? That's our melody.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Uh-hm.
text: again. She looks at him a second, then draws away
text: and starts fingering a flower.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Harry...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: What?
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: 71A
dialog: 72
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BEATRIX 71
text: As she turns and looks up at him searchingly.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 71A
text: As he looks at her, wondering at her look.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: What, Bee?
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BEATRIX AND JEKYLL 72
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (slowly) T)
dialog: Onight at dinner... I understand
dialog: what you said about good and evil in
dialog: people - and that it's that way in
dialog: all of us... but if good and evil
dialog: are so Closely related in us -
dialog: chained, as you said - why isn't -?.
dialog: (then she stops with
dialog: a little laugh, and
text: a shake of her head,
dialog: turning from him -
dialog: fingering flower
dialog: again)
dialog: Oh, no - it sounds so... silly - and
dialog: wrong, even...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: This is you and I. Remember us?
dialog: Nothing you and I can ever discuss
dialog: will be wrong....
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Well then, why - why isn't the way
dialog: you and I feel about each other -? I
dialog: mean...
text: (hesitates, then with
dialog: direct, serious warmth)
dialog: There's nothing evil in that, is
dialog: there?
text: Jekyll laughs tenderly, and takes her hand in his.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Look here. You and I are in love.
dialog: Such a small word for such a great
dialog: thing!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: JEKYLL (CONT'D)
dialog: But whatever it is, it's a blessed
dialog: thing, Bee. It makes us one strong,
dialog: living soul. And it takes whatever
dialog: power - or even whatever secret
dialog: delight that there is in evil - and
dialog: turns it all into good.
dialog: (searching her eyes)
dialog: Do I have to tell you that....?
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Oh, no -!
text: She surges into his arms. They kiss passionately, then look
text: at each other, speechless for a moment.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: What in the world are we doing? Here
dialog: we are -- bound hand and heart in
dialog: some ridiculous long engagement --
dialog: just because it's the conventional
dialog: correct thing to --
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Oh, I know, my darling - I don't
dialog: want to wait, either. Let's ask Father
dialog: if --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: You leave it to me. I'll take him to
dialog: the club - put a glass of his favorite
dialog: brandy in his hand and when I'm
dialog: through he'll --
text: They both turn as WE HEAR footsteps o.s. Sir Charles appears,
text: carrying a glass in his hand. The music has stopped.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (as he approaches)
dialog: Help John, will you, my dear? He's
dialog: in there hunting for the Bonnie Banks
dialog: of Loch Lommond, or something -
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Oh yes, Father...
text: She goes past him. Jekyll starts to follow.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Harry...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Yes, Sir Charles?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 37.
dialog: (2) 72
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: I'm not one to brood about and all
dialog: that -- but you must have noticed my
dialog: attitude coming home this evening.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Why, sir - I merely thought that -
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: That amazing flight of fancy you put
dialog: forth at dinner... I must confess it
dialog: startled me -- and even though I'ma
dialog: broad-minded man, myself -- it was a
dialog: little shocking, too...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Well, I'm sorry, Sir Charles - because
dialog: I assure you it wasn't a flight of
dialog: fancy at all.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: You mean you actually were in earnest?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Profoundly so, sir. In fact, I'm
dialog: arranging to spend all my time at it --
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: This is distressing, Harry --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (puzzled at his
dialog: attitude)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: It's absolutely hair-brained, in my
dialog: opinion.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (a little stung)
dialog: I'm sorry you feel that way. I've
dialog: just been explaining it further to
text: Bee. She understands.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (stiffening - but in
dialog: gentle reminder )
dialog: There are some things no gentlewoman
dialog: should understand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 38.
dialog: (3) 72
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh, come now, sir. In this day and
dialog: age we're surely getting beyond all
dialog: that sort of --
dialog: (breaking off)
dialog: Besides, Bee and I are adults, sir -
dialog: we're deeplyin love - and very close.
dialog: That's why we see no need to wait.
dialog: We want to be married as soon as
dialog: possible. We both feel that --
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: I thought we decided on February.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: But that's months away! We need
dialog: each other now. I want her near me -
dialog: with me - in all the work I'm going
dialog: to --
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: No, no, Harry - I can't discuss any
dialog: change in the plans. After this
dialog: evening, more than -
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: But, Sir Charles --
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Harry! Restraint is wise and healthy
dialog: in all matters... A sort of proving
dialog: ground. I waited five years for
dialog: Beatrix's mother.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (with a wry smile)
dialog: If you'll forgive me, sir -- you
dialog: were a very sturdy man.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Well, I'm not asking that of you -
dialog: but, come now, Harry. I'we always
dialog: wanted a son - and now you're going
dialog: to be that. So listen to me, my boy.
dialog: You're a coming man in your
dialog: profession. I'm proud of you. But
dialog: these ridiculous experiments won't
dialog: get you anywhere. You must give them
dialog: up. Develop your practise. Cultivate
dialog: the circle in which you and Beatrix
dialog: shall move. That's common sense, my
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: 73A
dialog: 74
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 72
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES (CONT'D)
dialog: (patting his shoulder)
dialog: There now. I've had my say. Let's
dialog: get your night-cap, hm? Getting late.
text: He turns and starts back into drawing room.
speaker_heading: OUT 73
scene_heading: TRUCKING SHOT - SIR CHARLES AND JEKYLL 73A
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Oh, by the way, don't forget - I've
dialog: taken a box for the opening concert
dialog: at the Albert Hall -
dialog: (passes o.s. ahead of
dialog: Jekyll)
dialog: You and John will join us, of
dialog: course...
text: But Jekyll is hardly listening, he is moody and downcast,
dialog: and almost resentful, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - EXT. SIR CHARLES' HOUSE 74
text: Lanyon and Jekyll are just coming down the steps and turning
text: into the walk along the street as WE PAN AND TRUCK with them.
text: Jekyll is silent and moody.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (noticing his mood)
dialog: What's up? You and the old boy cross
dialog: swords?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (dryly) ;
dialog: It seems that I should give up my
dialog: research - and carry on with taking
dialog: out little Reggie Smith's adenoids
dialog: and giving Lady Gwendolyn St. Clair
dialog: a sugar pill for her perennial self-
dialog: induced hysteria - or else encounter
dialog: the serious disapproval of Bee's
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Oh, it can't be that bad, Harry. But
dialog: you did cut up a bit rough at the
dialog: Marley's, you know.
text: Jekyll stops, turning to him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (a little sharply)
dialog: I'm not asking you to agree with me.
dialog: I just have a decision to make, that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Now, look, Harry - you and I have
dialog: been friends for years. I can't agree
dialog: with your theories - but that needn't
dialog: break up our friendship, you know. I
dialog: haven't seen anything of you lately.
dialog: (taking his arm)
dialog: Come on - let's drop down to the
dialog: club and play a rubber of whist. Do
dialog: you good.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (moodily)
dialog: I'll walk that far with you...
dialog: THEY WALK ON, AS WE
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 87-113 OUT.
scene_heading: TRUCKING SHOT - JEKYLL AND LANYON - STREET 75
text: They are in another part of town, taking a short cut ina
text: rather dingy section. At this point they cross the entrance
text: to a narrow mews (alley) and WE HOLD as sounds of a struggle
text: and cries come from its darkened recess.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Let me go, you -! Why you filthy -!
dialog: Help -!
text: Jekyll and Lanyon both look down the mews, then dart o.s.
text: toward the sound.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - IN MEWS 76
text: Jekyll and Lanyon rush into SCENE to find a hulk of a gent
text: struggling unpleasantly with young girl. The scene is lit by
text: dim gas light. Jekyll pulls the man off the girl, who drops
text: to the ground with a moan against a rubbish box or an old
text: packing case. The gent starts to fight, then sees two against
text: one, and streaks down the mews with Lanyon and Jekyll in
text: pursuit, as WE PAN.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - OTHER END OF MEWS 77
text: As the gent flies in and out of SCENE, Jekyll and Lanyon
text: stop, as they watch him streak across the street.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Let him go. Get a cab. I'll see what's
dialog: been done.
text: He hurries back into the mews.
scene_heading: 78 TwO SHOT - JEKYLL AND GIRL 78
text: She is sitting on the rubbish box, straightening her hat and
text: muttering to herself in comic tearfulness as Jekyll approaches
text: into SCENE.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: A nice thing... when a girl can't...
dialog: the big...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Did he hurt you?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: dusting off her dress - hardly
dialog: noticing him) It'd take more than a
dialog: bloke like that to --
text: (suddenly sees him
dialog: for first time,
dialog: impressed by his
dialog: looks and attire, in
dialog: almost childish
dialog: admiration)
dialog: Oh..!
dialog: (straightening her
dialog: hat)
dialog: I'll bet I look ever so untidy.
text: Jekyll can't help but smile, amused by her reaction. Then:
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: You're sure you're not hurt?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Why... I don't think so - I -
dialog: (stands - winces on
dialog: one foot)
dialog: Oo!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Ankle?
speaker_heading: GIRL
text: Mm. Twisted.
dialog: (sways and catches
dialog: his arm)
dialog: Do you mind?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 42.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Of course not. An ankle can be very
dialog: painful...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You're ever so kind.
dialog: (feeling her side)
dialog: Mm! Me side, too. He bashed a rib,
dialog: he did!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I shouldn't have stopped. I should
dialog: have caught him, eh?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Oh, no, I mean - I'm so glad you
dialog: stopped - if you take my meaning.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (nodding ahead)
dialog: My friend's getting a cab. Can we
dialog: drive you anywhere?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You're ever so kind.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Nonsense. Let's try it, shall we?
dialog: (they start to walk
dialog: toward end of mews
speaker_heading: as WE TRUCK WITH
dialog: THEM. She limps)
dialog: That's the girl.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (smiling up at him)
dialog: A gent like you shouldn't be bothering
dialog: yourself about me, now.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: What sort of a gent doesn't like to
dialog: help a pretty girl? Hm?
text: He says this with casual politeness, but smiles down at her
text: as he finishes.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Oh, now!
dialog: (straightening her
dialog: hat, flustered)
dialog: And me with my hat all about me head!
dialog: Jekyll laughs, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 78
dialog: 118-121 OUT.
scene_heading: THREE SHOT - JEKYLL, GIRL, LANYON - INT. HANSOM CAB - 122
speaker_heading: PROCESS
text: She sits between them. Lanyon is not very pleased with her
dialog: voluble presence or with the job of taking her home.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: ... and so he asks me can he walk me
dialog: home, he does. And I says yes. When
dialog: a girl has to work late at nights,
dialog: it's nice to have a bit of company
dialog: to see you home...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (pleasantly, as Lanyon
dialog: makes no remark)
dialog: Naturally.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (now all to Jekyll)
dialog: I know what's what. You have to if
dialog: you're a barmaid. I like a bit of
dialog: fun, as the saying goes. But when a
dialog: bloke grabs you sudden-like with
dialog: nasty notions in his head, it's time
dialog: to put your foot down.
dialog: (grabbing her side,
dialog: Leaning against
dialog: Jekyll) I)
dialog: 'm sorry to bother you two gents...
dialog: 000!
text: The cab slows to a stop.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - CAB - EXT. TUKESBURY LANE BOARDING HOUSE 123
text: As the cab stops, Jekyll gets out first.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (holding his arms up
dialog: to help girl)
dialog: Here you are.
text: As the girl gets down, she collapses on her ankle with a
text: muffled cry of pain and Jekyll catches her.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Ow! It hurts more now -!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Here -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 123
text: With this, he picks her up.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (slightly impatient)
dialog: Can I give you a hand, Harry?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (cheerily)
dialog: I think I can manage.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED.
text: He carries the girl up the stoop to the door, as WE PAN. She
text: takes a key from her purse and opens the door. They go inside.
scene_heading: BOOM SHOT - INT. BOARDING HOUSE - HALL AND STAIRS 124
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (nodding upstairs)
dialog: Second floor - first door on the
dialog: right.
dialog: (watching Jekyll's
text: face as he carries
dialog: her up)
dialog: I'll bet I'm heavy...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh, no.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You're ever so strong, aren't you?
text: In the b.g., below a harridan of a landlady has poked her
text: head out of the door, and is watching them.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LANDLADY 125
text: She looks up after them with a knowing smile, lifting an
text: eyebrow and nodding her satisfaction at Jekyll's appearance.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - GIRL'S DOOR - UPPER HALL 126
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (coming to top of
dialog: landing and door)
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: She inserts a key and opens the door. Jekyll carries her in.
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: REVERSE SHOT - INT. ROOM 127
text: WE ARE SHOOTING over a bed, and Jekyll and the girl's figures
text: are silhouetted in the door. He comes to the bed and puts
dialog: her down.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (taking off her cape
dialog: or coat)
dialog: The light's by the door - if you've
dialog: a match.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Right.
text: He goes back to the door, and lights the gas jet.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - ROOM - DIFFERENT ANGLE 128
text: It is the usual dingy rooming house chamber, appointed as of
dialog: the era and the girl.... cheap souvenirs - men's pictures
text: (sailors and soldiers) tacked unframed on the walls, etc.
text: Jekyll puts his hat and stick down on a chair, and then closes
text: the door. WE PAN him over to her as she looks up at him,
text: half shy, half excitedly expectant.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: You better let down your blouse.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (a little "miffed" at
dialog: the calm approach)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Don't you want me to have a look at
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (coyly) ; ;
dialog: I don't know. You're lookin', ain't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: But, your side. I thought you --
text: Then with a giggle, she quickly peels off her blouse, (or
text: lets down her shirt-waist) revealing herself in a fluffy
text: thin top slip of the period. She looks up at him, trying to
text: "play up". She pulls her feet upon the bed, under her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 46.
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You aren't half a fast one, aren't
dialog: you?
text: Jekyll looks puzzled for a second, then bursts out laughing.
dialog: They stop
dialog: He smiles
dialog: turn away.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (between chuckles)
dialog: I'm sorry. Let's both understand
dialog: this, shall we? My friend and I are
dialog: physicians.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Physicians...?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Doctors.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Doctors?
dialog: (suddenly laughs
text: delightedly at the
dialog: situation)
dialog: Go on! I thought you were just a
dialog: couple of toffs!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (laughing, too)
dialog: No. Haven't the leisure.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (throwing back her
dialog: head, laughing)
dialog: Oh, dear me! -- And here I
dialog: thought -!
text: laughing and look at each other.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (quickly, easily again)
dialog: Well, I'm glad to see you're not
dialog: really hurt...
text: down at her, with a chiding look, then starts to
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Oh, but I am, Doctor - truly -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 128
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (still kidding, turning
dialog: back)
dialog: I better send you to the hospital,
dialog: hm?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (offering her side)
dialog: No, look - here - feel -
text: Jekyll adopts a mock serious manner and feels her side.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Here -?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: ("wincing")
dialog: O-o! Yes -
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Hm - I thought so - a transossis
dialog: pactoralis...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (puzzled, alarmed)
dialog: What's that mean?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (into her eyes)
dialog: That means your eyes are twin pools
dialog: of desire...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (softly, slowly,
dialog: charmed)
dialog: Aw, Doctor... that's neat. You can
dialog: say the words, you can..!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: ("surprised")
dialog: But doesn't this still hurt?
text: She looks down to see he is prodding her side.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (quickly, wincing)
dialog: Hm? Oh - yes - 0-0 -!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (straightening up,
dialog: with a chuckle)
dialog: It'll be all right in the morning...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 128
text: She quickly kicks off her shoe, peels off her stocking, holds
text: the garter in her hand, a little rubber-tape ringlet with a
dialog: gew-gaw buckle.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (as she does so, softly)
dialog: But look here - my ankle - don't you
dialog: think you ought to look at that?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
text: (smiling, shaking his
dialog: head)
dialog: No.
dialog: (then points to where
dialog: garter has left a
text: red mark above her
dialog: knee)
dialog: But I'll tell you one thing, young
dialog: lady. You wear that garter too tight.
dialog: Bad. Stops the circulation.
text: The girl looks down and then looks up at him, pathetically
text: happy that he is this solicituous about her at least. She
text: rises and grabs his hands.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: There! You see now? You did find
dialog: something. You are my doctor, aren't
dialog: you?
text: (as he only smiles at
dialog: her, then: )
dialog: I ought to pay you a fee...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (a little caught)
dialog: I haven't presented any bill...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (handing him garter)
dialog: How about this? To begin with...
dialog: (as he looks at it)
dialog: Not that it's enough.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Some people don't pay half as much --
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: It don't seem near enough to me -!
text: With this she puts her arms about his neck and kisses him.
text: He half returns the embrace.
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: 128A FULL SHOT - ROOM 128A
text: The door opens with a simultaneous knock, and Lanyon stands
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Harry -? Is this -?
dialog: (seeing them break
dialog: apart)
dialog: Oh... sorry -
dialog: (a little coldly)
dialog: Come along, will you? It's getting
dialog: late.
text: He turns and we HEAR him walk down steps o.s.
scene_heading: 128B TWO SHOT - GIRL AND JEKYLL 128B
text: He looks after Lanyon, frowning a little, then chuckles to
text: himself and shakes his head. He picks up his hat and stick,
text: walks toward the door. The girl follows him. He automatically
text: puts garter in his pocket.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: You - you ain't really goin' - just
dialog: because he says that -
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: No. But I have to go -
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: But, look here - don't you understand?
dialog: I ain't no--
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: I know that. You're a girl with her
dialog: heart just where it ought to be -
dialog: it's just a little too generous,
dialog: that's all.
dialog: (patting her arm)
dialog: -- So because you're a nice pretty
dialog: girl - just be a little smarter about
dialog: the company you pick from now on. Hm -
dialog: why not?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Well, but -- You're here, ain't you?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I shouldn't be, though. If you knew
dialog: me, you'd know I really don't want
dialog: to be. You see --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 128B CONTINUED: 128B
text: The girl lifts her head quickly, stung.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Oh! Well, I picks only them as wants
dialog: my company. I'll tell you that!
text: Her lip starts to quiver. Whatever her carefree loves, she
text: senses she is the woman scorned. Her eyes start to flash.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (knowing it is useless
dialog: to make her understand)
dialog: I'm sorry. It's my fault. I should
dialog: have --
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Whatcha sorry about? I'm not!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (one last try)
dialog: Come, now. Let's say we wore both
dialog: foolish and it was all in fun - and
dialog: wish each other luck the next time
dialog: we take a drink, hm?
text: As he says this, he puts out his hand. She ignores it.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (starts to laugh)
dialog: I suppose it was all in fun when you
dialog: kissed me?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: Yes. I have it coming to me, my dear.
dialog: (going out door)
dialog: But anyhow - good night and good
dialog: luck. Always.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (slamming door on him)
dialog: You wasn't all in fun then - I know
dialog: that!
text: She starts laughing, tears of rage in her eyes.
dialog: 129-133 OUT.
scene_heading: 134 CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - EXT. DOOR - HALL 134
text: He hears her laughing.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Next time you look at a girl, make
dialog: up your mind, mister!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 134
text: He shakes his head again, wondering how he got in the whole
text: mess, and starts down the stairs.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GIRL - INT. ROOM 135
text: She hears his footsteps go away down the stairs. She turns
text: and WE PAN her back into the room. She is puzzled and furious
text: at the same time. She slumps down on the bed. Her expression
text: falls. Then she wipes all thought of him from her mind and
text: starts to whistle, taking off her other stocking as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - JEKYLL AND LANYON - INT. CAB PROCESS 136
text: Lanyon is sitting quietly looking ahead. Jekyll is studying
text: him, grinning.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Oh come now, John - don't get that
text: stuffy look. The lady wasn't injured,
dialog: and neither was I - nor anyone else.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: I admit she might be a tempting little
text: trick - in an off moment.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: What do you mean.. "off moment"?
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: Yours. According to your theory, I
dialog: imagine that graphic tableau I just
dialog: witnessed was the momentary triumph
dialog: of the evil in your soul over the
dialog: good. Correct?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (after a second's
dialog: thought)
dialog: Why...yes. Not quite a triumph...
dialog: (with a serious little
dialog: smile)
dialog: But it was an attack.
dialog: (then quickly)
dialog: - yet one that would have been
dialog: repulsed without your presence, John,
dialog: I assure you.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Wouldn't you run less personal risk
dialog: if you confined your experiments to
dialog: your laboratory?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
speaker_heading: 137A
speaker_heading: 137B
speaker_heading: 137C
speaker_heading: 137D
speaker_heading: 137E
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 136
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Well, the laboratory's where you'll
dialog: find me from tonight on -
dialog: (looking ahead, almost
dialog: to himself)
dialog: until I get what I'm looking
dialog: for...
text: Lanyon notices his determined look, shrugs with a little
dialog: shake of his head, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OUT. 137
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. LABORATORY - LATER 137A
text: Jekyll is standing by the two cages, his cape and hat still
text: on. He peers at the occupants. His brow is furrowed.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HIS ANGLE, THE CAGES - 137B
text: The rabbit and the rat are more or less exactly as when he
text: put them in the cages earlier in the evening. Jekyll's hand
text: comes into the rabbit's cage. The rabbit sniffs at it. As
text: his hand approaches the rat, it tears around the cage wildly,
text: then bites at his hand.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 137C
text: His face sets with determination. He throws off his cape and
text: hat and WE PAN him to his work table. He starts mixing various
text: potions, lighting burners, etc., getting out vials, and
dialog: powders, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: NOTE: The following series of dissolves denote passage of
text: time and the fury of incessant work on Jekyll's part.
scene_heading: (FORMERLY #88) CLOSE SHOT - POTION - INT. LAB 137D
text: Jekyll's face is behind it, intense. Its bubbles die out.
text: Jekyll's expression falls. Jekyll starts figuring ingredient
text: combinations on a pad.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (FORMERLY SCENE #89) CLOSE SHOT - PAD - INT. LAB 137E
text: Jekyll's hand writes a formula, furiously. He scratches it
text: out. Tears off sheet. Starts writing again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 137F
speaker_heading: 1376
speaker_heading: 137H
dialog: 137)
speaker_heading: 137K
speaker_heading: 137L
speaker_heading: 137M
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT - LAB
text: Two men are carrying a cot down the stairs under Poole's
text: direction. Poole looks apprehensively at Jekyll, who is
text: working at the table. Poole carries blankets and sheets.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (FORMER SCENE 90) CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - INT. LAB
text: He is in work clothes now, a smock on. He wears a growth of
text: a couple of days' beard. He is trying another mixture.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (FORMER SCENE 96) CLOSE SHOT - POOLE - INT. LAB
text: He is pulling curtains aside to let in the morning light. WE
text: PAN HIM as he picks up a tray of food, and carries it to
text: Jekyll, who takes no notice. Poole puts it down with a sigh
text: and withdraws.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (FORMER SCENE 97) CLOSE SHOT - TRAY OF FOOD - INT.
text: LAB WE PAN up and Poole is looking at it. It is untouched.
text: He crosses to where Jekyll is asleep in the cot, exhausted,
text: some notes in his hand. Poole gently covers him up with a
dialog: throw.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (FORMER SCENE 98) CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL'S HANDS - MIXING -
scene_heading: INT. LAB.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (FORMER SCENE 99) CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL'S FACE - INT. LAB
text: He is watching, his face tired and haggard.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (FORMER SCENE 101) CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - INT. LAB
text: His expression is now more strained than ever. He is in his
text: shirt-sleeves, with open neck - another growth of beard. He
text: is mixing some stuff in crucible. He pulls it out quickly.
text: Measures some out in a syringe, dumps it into a cooling vat.
text: Then he goes quickly to cages with it AS WE PAN.
speaker_heading: 137F
speaker_heading: 1376
speaker_heading: 137H
dialog: 137)
speaker_heading: 137K
speaker_heading: 137L
speaker_heading: 137M
speaker_heading: 137N
speaker_heading: 137P
speaker_heading: 137Q
speaker_heading: 137R
speaker_heading: 137S
speaker_heading: 137T
speaker_heading: 137U
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - AT CAGES
dialog: 54.
text: He reaches o0.s. into the rabbit's cage and administers
text: syringe. Then repeats the action in
text: watches, and suddenly his expression grows elated. He looks
text: from one cage to another. He starts
text: into the rabbit's cage.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - RABBIT - INT. CAGE
text: As Jekyll's hand enters slowly the rabbit is tearing about
text: wildly. It suddenly backs up into a corner, and then lunges
text: at Jekyll's hand.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL
text: He withdraws his hand with a gleeful explanation. Tries it
dialog: the rat's cage. He
dialog: to put his bare hand
text: again a couple of times. Then he looks in rat's cage.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - INT. RAT'S CAGE
text: The rat seems almost dead. Then it gets up,
text: and as Jekyll's hand comes slowly into the cage, the rat
text: sniffs it. Jekyll's hand lifts it up. It does not struggle.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL
text: as he holds the rat, a look of triumph comes over his face.
text: He strokes the rat, fondling it to be sure of the result.
text: Then he quickly puts the rat back, and WE PAN HIM as he darts
text: to the cabinet, takes out his leather vial case,
text: to the table, and starts pouring contents of the container
text: below the retort into a new vial, his expression jubilantly
dialog: excited, as we WIPE TO: [Section details]
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. ALBERT HALL - BOX
text: O.s. we hear the symphony being played. Beatrix, Sir Charles
text: and Lanyon are seated in a tier box
text: Jekyll's empty chair is in evidence.
text: unhappy. Sir Charles looks about at
text: looks at his watch. Beatrix notices
text: They turn to each other.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LANYON AND BEATRIX
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (sotto voce)
text: as WE DOLLY IN CLOSE.
dialog: Beatrix seems very
text: the empty chair, then
text: this, as does Lanyon.
dialog: I'm worried, John. It's not like him
dialog: not to send any word.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: shakes itself,
dialog: brings it
speaker_heading: 137N
speaker_heading: 137P
speaker_heading: 137Q
speaker_heading: 137R
speaker_heading: 137S
speaker_heading: 137T
speaker_heading: 137U
speaker_heading: 137U
speaker_heading: 137V
speaker_heading: 137W
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 137U
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (reassuringly)
dialog: He'll be along.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - JEKYLL - INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR 137V
text: It is dimly lit, quiet. WE PAN JEKYLL as he hurries past the
text: entrance from the b.g. and rounds a corner. WE HOLD as he
text: stops. A nurse is leading Mrs. Higgins past him. She is
text: sobbing pathetically. Fenwick, the interne, is standing in
text: the b.g., closing the door. Mrs. Higgins does not notice
text: Jekyll. She goes by with the nurse. Jekyll's expression falls.
text: He turns quickly to Fenwick who comes up to him.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Look here. Higgins isn't -?
speaker_heading: FENWICK
dialog: (as Jekyll stops)
dialog: Yes, sir. Just now. Cerebral
dialog: hemorrhage.
text: Jekyll looks as though he'd been struck. He glances down at
text: his case, as his anticipation leaves him. Without a word, he
text: turns and WE PAN HIM back around the corner as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - EXT. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE 137W
text: The nurse is condoling Mrs. Higgins as Jekyll comes out.
text: Jekyll's carriage is waiting there. Jekyll is pre-occupied
text: in gloom.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (to the sobbing Mrs.
dialog: Higgins)
dialog: There - there now -
speaker_heading: MRS. HIGGINS
dialog: (seeing Jekyll)
dialog: Oh, Dr. Jekyll -!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh... I'm sorry, Mrs. Higgins...
speaker_heading: MRS. HIGGINS
dialog: (between sobs)
dialog: Maybe it's for best, sir. That -
dialog: that wasn't my Sam back there. It -
dialog: it was as if the Evil One had crept
dialog: into his heart - poor Sam...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 137W CONTINUED:
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 137W
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (escorting her to
dialog: carriage)
dialog: Hobson - take Mrs. Higgins wherever
dialog: she wishes to go. I'll walk.
speaker_heading: HOBSON
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MRS. HIGGINS
dialog: (now in carriage)
dialog: Ht-Thank you, Dr. Jekyll...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
text: (patting her hand,
dialog: absently)
dialog: Goodnight, Mrs. Higgins.....
text: He walks o.s. and the carriage starts up as we,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 137X (FORMER SC. #42) MED. SHOT - ENTRANCE TO WEST GATE - PARK 137X
text: We are inside the park, SHOOTING OUT. Mr. Weller, a fat jovial
text: park-keeper in visored hat, is just about to lock the gate
dialog: as Jekyll
text: appears.
speaker_heading: MR. WELLER
dialog: Ah! Good evening, Dr. Jekyll. Just
dialog: about to lock up!
text: Jekyll comes in and stands in thought a moment, as Mr. Weller
dialog: locks the
text: gate. Then Weller joins him and WE TRUCK WITH THEM
text: as they walk.
speaker_heading: MR. WELLER
dialog: (chattily)
dialog: I'll step along with you if you're
dialog: going to the East Gate. Wonderful
dialog: nights we're having - eh, sir?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Mr. Weller - supposing you had a
dialog: balloon that would carry a man to
dialog: Mars - and the pilot you'd picked
dialog: out disappeared - would you get in
dialog: the balloon yourself and cast off?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 137X CONTINUED: 137X
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
speaker_heading: 140A
speaker_heading: MR. WELLER
dialog: (enjoying this asa
dialog: joke)
dialog: Well now - that's a difficult one.
dialog: But I think if I had a balloon as
dialog: would carry me there - and back,
dialog: mark you - I think I'd do it. Might
dialog: get me away from the mother-in-law
dialog: for a while!
dialog: (laughs uproariously)
dialog: How's that for an answer, Dr. Jekyll?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (almost to himself -
dialog: with resolve)
dialog: Fair enough, Mr. Weller -- fair
dialog: enough....
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OUT. 138
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. LAB - LATER 139
text: Jekyll is seated at his table, writing a letter. A full retort
text: of liquid is bubbling near him. His face is strained,
text: purposeful, his evening coat off, his hair a little
text: dishevelled. Jekyll looks up from his writing, examines the
text: content of the retort, turns the burner a little lower. Then
text: goes back to his writing.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PAGE OF NOTE. 140
text: JEKYLL'S HAND IS WRITING:
dialog: "because there is no other way to prove the true value of my
dialog: experiments....
scene_heading: (HIS PEN STARTS WRITING HERE)
dialog: "But remember, my darling, in case of my death...."
dialog: On this last word, with a crash of musical chord, we
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BEATRIX - INT. HER BEDROOM 140A
text: She is asleep, the moonlight coming across her face through
text: the window o0.s. Suddenly her eyes go wide, and she sits bolt
text: upright as WE PULL back. She looks around the room.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (as though someone were in the room)
dialog: Yes -? What --?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 140A
speaker_heading: 140B
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: A142
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 140A
text: She thinks for a second, then quickly gets out of bed, hurries
text: to the closet as WE PAN and starts pulling out some attire,
dialog: as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - FRONT HALL - SIR CHARLES' HOUSE 140B
text: Beatrix, now dressed, tip-toes down the stairs and silently
text: opens the door to the street.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - INT. LAB 141
text: The burner is now off. Jekyll is pouring the contents, which
text: have dripped from the retort into a container, from the
text: container into a vial. It smokes and swirls strangely. He
text: holds the vial a second. He looks at the letter to Beatrix,
text: leaning in a prominent position on the table.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL AT MIRROR 142
text: Holding the vial, he examines his face, feels his skin,
text: turning his head. He starts to raise the vial to his lips.
text: Then he gets another thought. WE PULL BACK AND PAN LEFT AND
text: RIGHT IN LONG SHOTS as he puts vial back on table, runs to
text: the drapes at the back of the lab, pulls them to, over the
text: windows, then dashes up the stairs and locks the door. He
text: comes down again, approaches the vial, slowly, picks it up.
text: For a moment, he looks straight ahead into the CAMERA, as
text: though into the future. Then down the vial with one long
text: gulp. For a second, nothing happens. Then he grips his throat
text: in a violent convulsion, he chokes, groans, and gags. He can
text: hardly breathe. Slowly, his face starts to change into a
text: haggard and horrible caricature of himself. He spins around
text: a couple of times, then falls to the floor, writhing. THE
text: CAMERA ZOOMS down into his body, and is blacked out, as we,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SERIES OF STATIC DISSOLVES A142
text: These to show the tortured metamorphosis in the splitting of
text: Jekyll's soul: In a spinning maelstrom of odd mechanical
text: whirring sounds, rasping and cacophonous noises and odd shapes
dialog: come the faces and voices of the following:
dialog: 1. Heath's Voice: "I can't allow it, Jekyll."
dialog: 2. Mrs. Weymouth's Voice: "Vicious - filthy - indecent."
dialog: 3. Jekyll's Voice: "... and let it destroy itself in its own
dialog: degradation."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: A142 CONTINUED: A142
dialog: 150
dialog: 4. Courtney's Voice: "... I hesitate to say what the Medical
dialog: Council would..."
dialog: 5. Beatrix's Voice: "There's nothing evil in that, is there?"
dialog: 6. Sir Charles' Voice: "things no gentlewoman should
dialog: understand!
dialog: 7. Bishop's Voice: "Come, come - my dear doctor - now you're
dialog: invading my territory."
dialog: 8. Girl's Voice: ".. I'll add this for good measure."
text: It ends in a weird sighing moan and far away laughter, as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - FACE DOWN ON FLOOR 150
text: His back is to the CAMERA (or is it Jekyll?). We ask as WE
text: PAN UP WITH HIM, his back like an animal's in a crouch. The
text: top of his head is strangely elongated, his ears are pointed.
text: As yet we do not see his face but FOLLOW HIM as he slowly
text: shuffles, gasping and grunting to the mirror. There over his
text: shoulder, we get a look at his face for the first time. It
text: is hideous in its transformation into Evil, yet withal
text: containing a strange fascinating Pan-like quality. At first
text: he starts, as though an animal looking in the mirror for the
text: first time. Then he peers closer. And he starts to laugh,
text: slowly, softly at first, then mounting to loud yelps.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (into mirror - like
dialog: eyeing a work of
dialog: great art)
dialog: Look at you... look at you... what
dialog: beautiful consumate evil!
dialog: (shouting exultantly)
dialog: There you are! And I made you! What
text: a rainbow of unspeakable colors could
dialog: you paint the world's horizon if I
dialog: turned you loose!
dialog: (laughs louder,
dialog: triumphantly now)
dialog: There it is, Sir Charles! Look at
dialog: it, John Lanyon! Show this to the
dialog: Medical Council, Dr. Courtney!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Hypocrites! Fools! Blind men! Deny
dialog: what's in your souls, will you? You
dialog: can't deny that!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 150
text: Then WE PAN HIM as he capers about the room, leaping and
text: stretching and jumping up and down like a faun, laughing all
text: the time. 0.s. there is a knock on the door which he doesn't
dialog: hear.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - EXT. LAB - DOOR TOWARD HOUSE 151
text: Inside the laughter comes over the SCENE. Poole, in his
text: dressing gown, is listening. He reacts to laughter, then
text: starts banging on the door, trying to open it.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (in great alarm)
dialog: Dr. Jekyll - Dr. Jekyll! What's
dialog: happening, sir? Are you all right?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - INT. LAB 152
text: He stops capering as he hears the banging on the door, alert
dialog: as a wild animal.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Eh? Who's there? Who is it?
speaker_heading: POOLE'S VOICE
dialog: It's Poole, sir! Dr. Jekyll - is
dialog: that you, sir?
text: The banging continues. Jekyll looks wildly about, then sees
text: vials on the table. He hurriedly starts mixing them in another
dialog: potion.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Just a moment, now!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - POOLE - EXT. LAB DOOR 153
text: When he hears the silence, he gets even more worried.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Who is that in there? Dr. Jekyll -
dialog: answer me, sir! Dr. Jekyll --!
text: He shoves his weight against the door, cannot budge it, then
text: starts o.s. toward the house when he is called back by
text: footsteps on the stairs. He waits a little warily, as they
text: come toward the door. The door opens quickly. Dr. Jekyll
text: stands there, his natural self. He is pale, perspiring,
text: breathing heavily.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (trying to be calm)
dialog: Yes, Poole.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 153
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: Why, sir - I - I'm sorry, sir - I
text: heard a frightful noise -and a strange
dialog: voice - and - and I thought something
dialog: had happened, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: No... it was quite - all right, Poole.
dialog: There was someone here. He - he was
dialog: a friend of mine. A - er - a... Mr.
dialog: Hyde. He was a bit - well, under the
dialog: weather - rather obstreperous. I got
text: him out by the back door.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Oh, I see, sir.
dialog: (then, back to the
dialog: servant again)
dialog: Miss Beatrix is here, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (hit between the eyes)
dialog: Miss Beatrix.... alone?
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (re-assuringly)
dialog: I've shown her to the consulting
dialog: room, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Tell - tell Miss Beatrix I shall be
text: there at once.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Very good, sir.
text: Jekyll closes the door, as Poole exits o.s.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT - LAB 154
text: Jekyll comes down the stairs in the b.g. He is stunned by
text: this announcement from Poole. Mechanically, dazed, he starts
text: putting on his tail coat. Then with a sudden rush of thought,
text: as WE PAN, he rushes to the mirror again, examines his face
text: to see if any of the awful evil is left. He feels his cheek,
text: his brow, his ear. He covers his face with his hand, in
text: revulsion at what he had seen earlier. Then he looks at
dialog: himself again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 154
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (muttering through
dialog: his teeth some dim
dialog: remembered quotation)
dialog: "... if once this thing is born again,
dialog: Decapitate it - e're it fouls the
dialog: air..."
text: Then he quickly turns from the mirror, crosses and picks up
text: the letter he has written Beatrix, tears it into small pieces,
text: throws it in the waste-basket, and adjusting his coat, starts
text: up the stairs. Half way up he hesitates, then proceeds more
dialog: slowly, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. JEKYLL'S CONSULTING ROOM - BEATRIX 155
dialog: The room is much as we would expect... a desk, consultation
text: chair, many shelves of medical books, a few standard
text: instruments in a case. Beatrix is seated, nervous and anxious.
text: She turns quickly, as Jekyll opens the door from the hall,
text: in the b.g. Jekyll's attitude is one of hesitancy at first,
text: as though awaiting some feared reaction from her.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Then you're not -? Harry, what's the -
dialog: ?
dialog: (on this she is
text: starting over towards
text: him, then stops,
dialog: looking at him - his
dialog: attitude is tense,
dialog: strained as though
dialog: she knew something.
dialog: Then she gives hima
dialog: puzzled little smile,
dialog: feels her temple)
dialog: I can't explain why... but I hada
dialog: strange feeling you were going away -
dialog: without ever seeing me again
dialog: isn't that silly?
dialog: (she slowly sinks
text: down in a chair,
text: looks about the room,
text: then up at him with
dialog: an embarrassed,
dialog: nervous little laugh)
dialog: It - it was silly, wasn't it? Because
dialog: here you are - and here I am...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 155
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 155
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (feeling he must say
dialog: something)
dialog: I had to go to the hospital, Bee....
dialog: the man died.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry... maybe that's what I
dialog: felt. But it was just something that --
dialog: (then, with another
dialog: little laugh)
dialog: Why - I had no reason to come at
dialog: all!
text: She rises again, automatically. Jekyll takes her hand with a
text: sudden gesture.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh, yes, Bee - yes!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (with a soft smile)
dialog: You're glad I'm here then?
text: Jekyll sweeps her into his arms. Holds her almost desperately
text: close. In this gesture, her cape falls to the floor.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Glad? I'd have come to you, I think -
dialog: if you hadn't -- I mean - tonight,
dialog: somehow, I missed you more than
dialog: ever...
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (her lips against his
dialog: cheek)
dialog: When I'm in this house, I won't let
dialog: you waste your nights in that stuffy
dialog: old laboratory... You know that,
dialog: don't you - hmmm...?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: You'll never be out of sight -!
text: He holds her for a second, then:
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (turning her face to
dialog: his)
dialog: I don't want to go home....
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Bee....
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 155 CONTINUED: (2) 155
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: You said it wasn't evil for us to --
dialog: please, don't send me away now....
text: He looks full in her eyes for a second, then they kiss
text: passionately.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (ecstatic)
dialog: Oh, my love -!
text: (then she stops, and
text: withdraws from him a
dialog: little, as her eyes
dialog: catch something o.s.
text: Jekyll turns too.
text: Beatrix's chin lifts
text: in defiance. Then,
dialog: quietly: )
dialog: Yes, Father....?
text: WE PAN OVER slowly to pick up Sir Charles standing in the
text: open door-way. Behind him in the hall is Poole, nervously
text: wringing his hands. Poole ducks o.s., as Sir Charles comes
text: slowly into the room, as WE PAN, and confronts Beatrix and
text: Jekyll. Without a word, he leans down, picks up Beatrix's
text: cape and hands it to her.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (in a quiet, cold
dialog: voice to Jekyll)
dialog: I am very grateful for the anxiety
dialog: you caused us this evening -
dialog: (to Beatrix)
dialog: I was unable to sleep myself.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Sir Charles, I asked Beatrix to come
dialog: here tonight --
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (reproving him)
dialog: Harry - you --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (to Sir Charles)
dialog: Because I --
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (to Jekyll)
dialog: Apparently you didn't consider our
dialog: talk the other evening very seriously?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 155 CONTINUED:
dialog: 65.
dialog: (3) 155
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Sir Charles, I beg to believe that
dialog: there was no --
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: All I can believe is that your
dialog: theories of behavior are not normal,
dialog: Jekyll -- not fit. I might say not
dialog: even --
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (interrupting quickly)
dialog: Father, I don't expect you to
dialog: understand. I'm not ashamed.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Then I shall be for you... because I
dialog: do understand. You and I are leaving
dialog: for the Continent tomorrow. We shall
dialog: be catching the afternoon boat-train.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: The Continent? Oh, come, sir --
dialog: there's --
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (pleading now)
dialog: Oh, Father, please -!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (trying to reason)
dialog: Sir Charles - you could avoid all of
dialog: this misunderstanding if you'd set
dialog: an early date for our marriage.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Please, Father....
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: The date remains as planned.
dialog: (to Jekyll)
dialog: And if you haven't abolished those
dialog: unhealthy experiments of yours -
dialog: (as Jekyll starts to
dialog: speak)
dialog: Oh, I know you're still working at
dialog: them - why, we'll consider the
dialog: engagement broken.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: swear to you, sir, I've finished
dialog: entirely with everything that I -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 155
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 155
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: That will await our return. Come,
dialog: Beatrix.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (to Jekyll)
dialog: Harry - if you don't wish me to go
dialog: away - I shall refuse.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Beatrix -!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: I mean it, Father.
text: She turns to Jekyll for an answer. He looks at her for a
dialog: long time.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (finally)
dialog: I don't want you to go away, Bee.
dialog: But - even though you and I can't
dialog: agree with him - your Father is only
dialog: thinking of your happiness. I can't
dialog: disrespect him in that. I can't ask
dialog: you to.
text: There is a moment of silence. Beatrix sees that Jekyll means
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
text: (with a relieved sigh,
dialog: more gently now)
dialog: That's highly commendable, Harry.
text: Beatrix now tries to smile. She offers her hand to Jekyll.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (fighting tears)
dialog: You - you'll see us off at the train?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (taking her hand -
dialog: nodding)
dialog: It better have two engines - or I'll
dialog: try to hold it back.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Try anyway.
text: She goes close to him, kisses his cheek swiftly, and with a
text: little sob, turns and hurries out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 155
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (more kindly)
dialog: Restraint, my boy - restraint. It's
dialog: the only strength of human existance.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Goodnight, Sir Charles.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Goodnight.
text: He turns and follows Beatrix. Jekyll looks after them,
dialog: miserable, as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 159-161 OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - EXT. JEKYLL'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: It is raining, a heavy driving rain.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. JEKYLL'S LAB
text: Jekyll stands looking out of the back windows, leaning up
text: against the wall. Poole enters from the stair landing and
text: comes down carrying a tray on which is a letter and a glass
text: of sherry wine. Jekyll does not even look around.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - POOLE
text: At bottom of stair, he stops and looks at Jekyll o.s.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - POOLE'S ANGLE
text: He is moody and disconsolate, as he looks at the rain outside.
speaker_heading: PAN SHOT - POOLE
text: He shakes his head, frowning, then smiles to himself as WE
text: PAN HIM OVER to Jekyll.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: How about a glass of sherry wine,
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (without looking)
dialog: No, thank you, Poole - no sherry
dialog: wine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 155
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 166
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Well, would you consider a letter -
dialog: ah - from Aix Les Bains?
text: Jekyll turns quickly, his face lighting up.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (snatching up letter)
dialog: Poole, you blackguard! Would I?
dialog: (tears open letter,
dialog: Poole starting to
dialog: move away with the
dialog: tray)
dialog: And your sherry wine, too - what's
dialog: more!
text: Poole comes back and gives glass to Jekyll. Jekyll starts
text: reading letter avidly, holding wine in his hand. Poole moves
dialog: 0.s.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - POOLE 167
text: As he comes to a desk, and starts straightening things up.
text: He wants to talk, to cheer his master up.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Miss Beatrix should be returning
dialog: home in another week, shouldn't she,
dialog: sir? Hobson told me they were
dialog: expected.
text: He gets no answer from Jekyll o.s. He turns to look.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - POOLE'S ANGLE 168
text: Jekyll's expression is turning from interested delight to
text: puzzlement. Then his face clouds entirely. He puts glass
text: down on window-sill. It falls over with a tinkle and a splash.
text: Jekyll quickly turns the page, anguished.
scene_heading: INSERT - BEATRIX'S LETTER - IN JEKYLL'S HAND 169
scene_heading: (LINES ARE FROM TOP OF PAGE)
dialog: "... did not write yesterday because I'm so distressed.
dialog: Darling heart - Father - refuses to come home. We are leaving
dialog: tomorrow for Italy - to be gone I don't know how long. Oh,
dialog: my dearest, if you knew how I've tried to.."
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - ROOM 170
text: Poole sees Jekyll's concern and rage, as Jekyll looks away
text: from the letter. Poole advances to him, to pick up glass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 170 CONTINUED:
dialog: 69.
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Not bad news, I hope, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Miss Beatrix will be gone indefinitely -
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, sir. Sir Charles'
dialog: health, no doubt.
dialog: (a pause, as Poole
dialog: watches Jekyll slump
dialog: down in a chair)
dialog: If you'll forgive me, sir - it
dialog: distresses me to see you down this
dialog: way. It's not right, sir. Might I
dialog: suggest that you pick up and go out
dialog: this evening for a bit of fun? They
dialog: say there's a very entertaining
dialog: musical comedy at the Gaiety -
dialog: (with a little cough)
dialog: - er - ah -, very daring, you know,
dialog: sir -
text: Jekyll considers this a moment, looking at Poole. Then:
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (dryly) ;
dialog: I'm afraid that's not particularly
dialog: becoming in my position, Poole -
text: (then with a sardonic
dialog: chuckle) )
dialog: Nor even wise, I might add....
text: He rubs his face in his hands.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Another glass of sherry wine, sir?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (face in his hands,
dialog: wearily)
dialog: No thank you, Poole...
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Poole exits from scene, with tray and broken glass. We hear
text: him go upstairs 0.s. and close the door. Then Jekyll gets up
text: with sudden impatience. WE PAN HIM as he walks about the
text: room. He fiddles with a tube or two, straightening it
dialog: absently.
text: He finds a pipe on the table, knocks it out. He
text: feels in his pocket for tobacco pouch. Doesn't find it. He
text: walks over by the cabinet.
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 171
text: He is looking for his pouch, when suddenly, his eyes catches
dialog: something o.s.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IVY'S GARTER 172
text: It is still where Jekyll must have tossed it weeks ago. Its
text: cheap little clasp, glistens in the lamplight.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 173
text: Fascinated, he slowly bends over and picks it up. He feels
text: it in his hand. He thinks of the girl. Then he quickly throws
text: it on the table. WE PAN HIM as he paces the length of the
text: room again, nervously. This brings him opposite the mirror.
text: He looks at himself then thinks, looks back at the garter,
text: then over at a cabinet. Then he makes his decision, and
text: hurries to the cabinet, pulling out some vials of powders
text: and liquids from various pigeon-holes. As he hastily carries
text: them to the lab table and sits himself down to mix them, we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - FINISHED POTION 174
text: As Jekyll's hand picks it up WE PAN to his face. He hesitates
text: a second, looks at the garter nearby, then with a desperate
text: gesture he drains the potion. The same reaction sets in as
text: before. In violent convulsions, his face starts to turn. He
text: grips the sides of the chair in agony. WE PAN DOWN to his
text: hand. It turns into an animal-like appendage. His four fingers
text: seem to grow together a little bit at the base, and then
text: separate in the middle, almost like the beginning of a cloven
text: hoof. His neck becomes thick and shorter.
text: WE PAN UP to his face. It is worse than before. WE PAN DOWN
text: to the other hand. The same process is happening here. He is
text: gasping and writhing all the while. WE PAN UP again to his
text: face. The transformation now becomes complete. It is worse
text: in this second stage - more bestial than faun. His writhing
text: stops. He rises, shakes his head - feels the change in his
dialog: thoughts.
dialog: (NOTE: The question of each metamorphosis and its subsequent
dialog: gradations according to makeup is open to debate so that all
dialog: parties concerned in the production agree and are satisfied)
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: (on track, whispering)
dialog: It's in your eyes - it's in your
dialog: eyes...
text: He hurries over to the mirror to look. He is truly this Mr.
text: Hyde now, whom he spoke about to Poole.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 174
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (into mirror, gleefully)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Hyde! Wonderful, Mr. Hyde!
dialog: It is! You are the modern Narcissus!
dialog: Your face reflects man's Eternity as
dialog: it was meant to be!
text: He leaps away from the mirror, stretches himself like an
text: animal in the middle of the room, thinks again.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: (with a low laugh) Caught, aren't
dialog: you? You're caught...
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (suddenly, exultantly)
dialog: No! I'm free! Free!
text: He capers about a second, then quickly takes his cape, stick
text: and hat from a hanger, and darts out the back door.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - EXT. BACK OF LAB 175
text: He takes a key out of his pocket, and locks the door. Then
text: he turns and looks about him. He takes off his hat and
text: stretches again in the rain, looking up into the elements.
text: Then he darts off into the darkness as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. ROOMING HOUSE HALL 176
text: We are SHOOTING TOWARD front door on which somebody is banging
text: furiously on the outside. The slatternly landlady hurriedly
text: comes down the steps, opens door. She jumps back with a
text: startled cry as Hyde barges in.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (his eyes agleam)
dialog: Is she here? Is she in?
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: (back up stairs a way)
dialog: Who? Who do you want?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: The dove - the little white dove
dialog: that nests in her warm loft up there?
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: (as he starts up steps)
dialog: If it's Ivy Pearson you want - she -
dialog: she ain't in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 176
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (thinking over the
dialog: name)
dialog: (coming down)
dialog: Ivy, eh? Ivy...
dialog: (with a sly laugh
dialog: poking her with stick)
dialog: Clinging, no doubt, too....
dialog: (then, impatiently)
dialog: Come, come - you leaf of jaded
dialog: lettuce! Where is she? Where does
dialog: she work?
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: At the Palace of Varieties!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Ah! At the Palace of Varieties!
dialog: What a shallow hearth for the fire
dialog: of my lovely jewel!
text: (then, cocking his
dialog: head to one side)
dialog: But - variety, eh? Variety! I like
dialog: that!
text: With a caper, he pokes the landlady in her backside with his
text: stick, and dashes out of the door.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CURB - EXT. IVY'S PLACE 177
text: Hyde comes out, gleeful at the prospect of finding Ivy. He
text: comes abreast of an old blind man who is timidly tapping his
text: stick on the curb, preparatory to crossing the street. Hyde
text: takes his arm with exaggerated solicitation.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Why, why! Let me give you a hand,
dialog: Uncle!
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: (with a happy smile)
dialog: Oh...thank you, sir!
text: WE TRUCK AHEAD OF THEM across the street. They weave their
text: way past a couple of drays. Then, in the middle of the street,
text: Hyde kicks the old man's stick out from under him.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (laughing gleefully)
dialog: There you are, Uncle - safe and sound!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 73.
dialog: 177
text: The old man exclaims inarticulately - "Here - no - no -" and
text: gropes about for his stick which Hyde flicks farther away
text: along the cobbles with his own. A cart nearly runs the old
text: man down, the driver pulling
text: reels backwards. Hyde utters
text: HIM as he crosses the street
text: where a cab is standing near
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE
text: As he climbs into hansom, he
text: up with a jerk as the old man
text: another happy laugh, and WE PAN
text: and capers down the walk to
text: the intersection of a neuse.
dialog: 178
text: taps the nodding driver with
dialog: his stick.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Come, come - my dozing fungus -!
text: (as Cabbie wakes up
dialog: quickly)
dialog: To the Palace of Varieties!
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Right, sir!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (wacking horse's right
dialog: rump with cane)
dialog: Right, sir!
dialog: (then whacking left)
dialog: Left, sir!
dialog: (then whacking center)
dialog: And a bit down the middle, sir!
text: Naturally, the horse leaps to action during this as WE PAN
scene_heading: CARRIAGE AWAY, AND
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - EXT. PALACE OF VARIETIES 179
text: It is the facade of the average cheap music hall of the
text: period. Hyde leaps out of the cab as it comes to a stop. He
text: looks at the place with eager interest, then turns to hand
text: the Cabbie his fare. As the latter reaches down for the money,
text: Hyde has the sudden caprice to pull him tumbling off his
text: seat, rolling him on the pavement. Hyde throws the money on
text: top of him and then pokes him with his stick.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (capering about)
dialog: Whee! All the king's horses and all
dialog: the king's men!
text: A couple of hangers-on in front rush up. A passer-by stops.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 179
speaker_heading: 1ST HANGER-ON
dialog: (as though to detain
dialog: Hyde)
dialog: Here, here, Guv'nor - what's the -?
text: Hyde turns and raises his stick, with a growl of rage. The
text: men jump back, scared at the expression of viciousness they
text: see. Then Hyde chuckles, and darts on into the music hall
dialog: box office, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. PALACE OF VARIETIES 180
text: A smoke-filled Utopia with a bar at one end, a stage at the
text: other. Along the side, boxes with tables and chairs - and
text: tables and chairs ranging on an incline from the stage back
text: towards the bar. The "chairman" at his table down front is
text: conducting the proceedings on the stage, a row of plump
text: soubrettes in a song and dance ensemble to the tune of
text: "Champagne Charlie". WE SEE Hyde come in in the b.g.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE 181
text: He comes in, stands a moment, smelling the wind like an
text: expectant ram. A waiter approaches him, sees his quality
text: attire. Hyde hands him his ticket.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Ah, yes, sir - Box F, sir.
text: WE PAN THEM through the tables and up some small steps around
text: in back of a box which Hyde enters. The waiter stands,
text: expecting an order, as Hyde's eyes dart about, savoring the
text: place. The waiter is now a little leery of Hyde's looks and
dialog: wants to please.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: A brandy and soda, sir?
speaker_heading: HYDE
text: (with a grunt, nodding
dialog: his head)
dialog: Hmph.
text: The waiter exits. Hyde continues to sweep the room with his
dialog: look.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - HYDE'S ANGLE - THE PLACE 182
text: Hyde's glance travels about slowly, enjoying each group. IT
text: HOLDS at a table where a young man is kissing the neck of
text: his girl friend. She pretends to repulse him.
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE 183
text: He likes this. He shifts happily in his chair. He looks toward
dialog: the stage.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - LINE OF SOUBRETTES - HYDE'S ANGLE 184
text: We travel down the line of hard-working young ladies. They
text: lift their limbs in a sort of can-can.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE 185
text: This pleases him no end. He lifts his stick and rotates it
text: like the limbs of the girls. The waiter appears with the
text: brandy and soda, puts it down.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: (elaborately)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Hyde picks up the glass, starts to drink, and just then
text: notices something o.s. His eyes light up.
scene_heading: EFFECT SHOT - HIS ANGLE - IVY 186
text: She is behind the bar, laughing and joking with two or three
text: men. The reason Hyde can see her is that she is standing on
text: a stool, reaching up for a bottle at the back of the bar, as
text: she looks back at the men below. We cannot hear what she is
dialog: saying, naturally.
scene_heading: TwO SHOT - HYDE AND WAITER 187
text: Hyde notices waiter's presence.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (barking)
dialog: What are you waiting for?
dialog: (as waiter starts to
dialog: stutter)
dialog: A tip, eh? Get out!
text: The waiter ducks quickly, and Hyde looks again toward Ivy
text: o.S. WE PULL BACK to INCLUDE waiter as he rounds box and
text: starts down steps.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: (grumbling)
dialog: Blighter!
text: Hyde swings his cane over the box in front of the waiter,
text: tripping him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 187 CONTINUED: 187
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (as he does so)
dialog: Eh?
dialog: (to waiter on floor)
dialog: Mind your tongue and send me a bottle
dialog: of champagne.
dialog: (gesturing o.s.)
dialog: Have her bring it - that girl up
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: (sullenly)
dialog: Ivy? Ivy ain't allowed to leave the
dialog: bar.
text: At this point, a fat little manager comes INTO SCENE.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (with slow ominousness)
dialog: I said!
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: (very officious)
dialog: Here - here. What's all this here
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: This gent here wants champagne.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Champagne? Well, bring it, man -
dialog: bring it!
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: But he wants Ivy to serve it -!
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Of course, she'll serve it! Jump
dialog: now!
dialog: (turns to Hyde as
dialog: waiter slinks off)
dialog: Anything to oblige a gentleman, sir!
text: But Hyde takes no notice of him, as he keeps looking o.s. at
dialog: Ivy.
scene_heading: 188 GROUP SHOT - AROUND IVY AT BAR 188
text: She is still on the stool, reaching up. The two men are
text: kidding her. She is playing up to them. Their eyes are
text: obviously on her ankles and lower limbs as they are revealed
text: by her skirt lifting a little when she stretches.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 188
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 188
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN
dialog: (winking at the other)
dialog: No, we want the Old Par up there -!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: This - up here -?
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: (nudging his companion)
dialog: No, no - up higher, Ivy love - the
dialog: Red Label Walker -!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Higher, eh? You are a one!
dialog: (drops down and pushes
dialog: him playfully in the
dialog: chest)
dialog: Your missus has got a pair of ankles.
dialog: Go home and look at them!
text: By this time the waiter has come to bar.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: (to Ivy)
dialog: There's a gent in Box F what wants
dialog: you to serve him and old Figg says
dialog: you're to do it.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (airily)
dialog: Oh, he does, eh? Well, tell him ita
dialog: in't my business to --
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: He wants a bottle of the boy.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (happily surprised)
dialog: Oh! Bubbly! why didn't you say so?
text: She takes a bottle of champagne from a box of cracked ice
text: behind bar. Puts it on a tray.
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN
dialog: (during this)
dialog: Hey, Ivy love - what about some fish
dialog: and chips after the show?
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: What about a dozen oysters and a
dialog: pint of stout?
text: Ivy very meaningly puts a second glass on the tray.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 188
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: What about a glass of champagne?
text: She picks up tray with bottle and glasses and flounces down
text: the bar and out, as the two men look after her.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CHAIRMAN 189
text: He turns to the crowd as another chorus of the song starts.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Everybody now! All together! “Oh!
dialog: Champagne Charlie is my --!'
text: He leads the crowd as they all start to sing.
speaker_heading: PAN SHOT - IVY 190
text: As she approaches box. She adopts a casual air, singing as
text: she goes, pretending little interest in the man in the box
text: o.S., aS WE PAN HER UP the steps and around into the box.
text: She puts down tray as Hyde looks at her avidly. She has not
text: yet got a good look at him, only sensing his expensive attire,
text: as she opens the bottle and sings at the same time. Then she
text: turns as though to smile casually at the customer, and gets
text: Hyde's full look, sees him for the first time, and stops
text: singing, staring at him. Then she looks away, starts singing
text: again, only not very happily now, and then pours only one
text: glass, as she finally ceases singing entirely. The song stops,
text: and there are applause and shouts o.s.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (wanting to get away)
dialog: That'll be half a quid, sir.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (giving her a note)
dialog: Here's a sovereign, my dear... the
dialog: change is yours.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: Yet she looks at him again and still decides to go. Hyde
text: gets up quickly and touches her elbow.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Oh, but now! You brought two glasses.
dialog: You must have had the same thought
dialog: as I. What a nice beginning, eh?
text: (pulls out chair and
dialog: edges her into it)
dialog: Sit down, my dear - yes - sit down....
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 190
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 190
text: He pours the other glass of wine for her.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (nervously, watching
dialog: him)
dialog: I'll take just a sip. Then I'll have
dialog: to go back because I'm --
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Nonsense - we've got all evening,
dialog: little Ivy. I like your singing.
dialog: You'll have to sing for me some more.
dialog: Where did you get such a pretty
dialog: voice....?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (fooling with glass)
dialog: Why - I dunno.... I just --
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Is it because of the pretty place it
dialog: comes from -?
dialog: (starting to touch
dialog: under her chin)
dialog: That's very lovely.... where it comes
dialog: from....
text: Ivy quickly picks up her glass, to interfere with his gesture.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Well - good - good luck, sir.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: I make my own luck, my dear --
dialog: (lifting his glass to
dialog: her)
dialog: And tonight I follow the rainbow....
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (with a nervous laugh) You do talk,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (leaning closer to
dialog: her)
dialog: We'll follow it together, eh?
text: He holds her gaze for a second. Then:
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (decisively)
dialog: I follow it right home, mister.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 190 CONTINUED: (2) 190
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: To what end, my dear? That fetid
dialog: stable you call home? You - with
dialog: your young radiance -- are happy
dialog: living in that rat-trap?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (pertly)
dialog: What do you expect? Buckingham Palace?
text: Hyde throws back his head and laughs.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Touche', my dear. I like that!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Here! How do you know where I live?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (caught )
dialog: Why, I --
dialog: (then, easily)
dialog: I can only imagine. I'll warrant
dialog: your wages here won't afford you a
dialog: mansion in Kensington.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (as he leans closer)
dialog: “Struth - they don't!
dialog: (starting to rise)
dialog: Well, I must be off because --
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (holding her arm)
dialog: Why? You act frightened of me, little
dialog: Ivy....
dialog: (rising with her,
dialog: still holding her
dialog: arm - softly)
dialog: You mustn't be frightened of me....
text: Ivy stares at him a second, almost in a spell because of his
text: voice and touch. Then, she suddenly wrenches herself away.
speaker_heading: IvY
dialog: (as she does so)
dialog: I ain't afraid of nobody - but leggo,
dialog: you hear?
text: At this point, the first man who was at the bar, enters. He
text: is quite tight and annoyed. He grabs Ivy's other arm.
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN
dialog: What's he doin', Ivy?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 190 CONTINUED:
dialog: 191
dialog: 81.
dialog: (3) 190
speaker_heading: IVY
text: (wrenching away from
dialog: him also)
dialog: And you leggo, too:
text: As she ducks out of the box, she bumps into the second man
text: at the bar, who has followed the first. The latter is quite
dialog: drunk.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: Hey! What's all this about?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (pointing to first
dialog: man)
dialog: He insulted the poor child! He mauled
dialog: her!
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN
dialog: Don't listen to --
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: (eyeing first)
dialog: He did, eh?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: You saw him -- he nearly broke her
dialog: wrist! We were sitting here having a -
text: For answer the second man swings on the first and knocks him
text: over the rail of the box and onto a table, beneath where sit
text: four or five men and a couple of girls. The place goes in an
text: uproar.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: (leaning over rail,
dialog: to first)
dialog: You will, eh?
text: Hyde's eyes light up at the fracas. He shoves the second man
text: over the low rail with a lightning movement, and stands
text: laughing at the turmoil below.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - FIGHT 191
text: It starts as one of the men swings on the first who has
dialog: fallen.
speaker_heading: AD LIB
dialog: Here! What's the idea? Give it to
dialog: him, Fred! wh're you shovin'? Let
dialog: him have it! You take that one! Etc.
text: The fight becomes general in the area below Hyde's box, as
text: he watches gleefully. Women scream. Glasses and bottles crash.
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE 192
text: He jumps up and down at the rail, watching the fight like an
text: animal, gleefully giggling as he sees the heavy punching and
text: falling. At one point a man is backed up against the rail.
text: Hyde puts his foot through and kicks him sprawling.
speaker_heading: PAN SHOT - MANAGER 193
text: The fat little man comes hurrying into the fight, elbowing
text: his way through.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: (calling over his
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Fred - Joe -!
dialog: (to fighting crowd)
dialog: Here, here now - stop this! I'll
dialog: stop it!
text: As he comes abreast of Hyde, Hyde's eyes gleam as he spies
text: the Manager's. Then, with elaborate but quick prankishness,
text: Hyde uses his stick like a billiard cue, shooting it on the
text: rail, letting the manager have it right in the side of the
text: eye, then jumps up and down with laughter as the manager
dialog: goes down, and we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: TwO SHOT - INT. MANAGER'S OFFICE 194
text: The manager is applying a cold towel and a piece of raw meat
text: to his eye which is quite puffed. In the b.g. through the
text: door, we see the activity of the place. Hyde watches him.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: .. frightful. We run a very orderly
dialog: hall here. I don't understand what
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Ir's that girl, Ivy... that barmaid.
dialog: Girls like that always cause trouble.
dialog: You should discharge her.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Ivy? Why, no! She brings half the
dialog: customers in here --
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: I said discharge her!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 194
text: As the manager looks, Hyde takes a sheaf of bills from his
text: wallet, and throws them on the desk. The manager picks them
text: up, looks at Hyde.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Hm? Five pounds? Why - why - yes -
dialog: yes - I think you're quite right,
dialog: sir. Trouble-maker, that's what she
dialog: is. Out she goes, sir.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (starting to go)
dialog: At once, you hear?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Oh, yes, sir.
text: Hyde goes out, as the manager looks after him, guiltily
dialog: putting the money in his pocket, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CAB - EXT. PALACE OF VARIETIES - LATER 195
text: Hyde is sitting in the cab, staring 0.s. like a gnome,
text: waiting. His eyes light up, AS WE HEAR Ivy and the manager's
text: voice o.s. WE PAN OVER to where Ivy is leaving the stage
text: door of the place and yelling back at the manager in the
dialog: b.g.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Who you pushin'?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Well, don't hang about here!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Who's hangin' about?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Then be off!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Good riddance!
text: He slams the door in her face and she comes toward the CAMERA,
text: flouncing her indignation. As she gets opposite the cab,
text: Hyde steps out and confronts her.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (solicitously)
dialog: I was afraid there would be trouble,
dialog: little Ivy...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 195 CONTINUED:
dialog: 84.
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (flaring up at him)
dialog: Trouble? I was sacked, that's what -
dialog: !
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: I know. That's why I waited. I want
dialog: to help you, my dear.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: You done enough. It was on account
dialog: of you! You started that row!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Ha! A volcano inside - always ready
dialog: to flare up. I like that.
dialog: (in the meantime he
dialog: has taken out wallet
dialog: and puts a wad of
dialog: notes in her hand)
dialog: There now - to show my heart. We'll
dialog: get along, you and I!
dialog: (guides her to cab
dialog: and helps her in)
text: The rainbow is wide and long, little
dialog: Ivy....
text: Ivy allows him to do this, fascinated as much by his easy
dialog: manner as
speaker_heading: 196 FULL SHOT
text: by the sudden wealth in her hands.
scene_heading: - INT. CAB 196
text: Ivy gets in, followed quickly by Hyde, who shuts the door.
text: But Ivy now feels imprisoned as Hyde sits close to her. She
dialog: starts to
text: rise, undecided, as though to get out.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Now, wait. Half a mo', mister --
speaker_heading: HYDE
text: (quickly, holding her
dialog: on seat)
dialog: No, no... you don't belong in there,
dialog: anyhow -- serving cheap gin to cattle!
dialog: You should be in a quiet, hidden
text: palace - singing the ancient song of
dialog: pleasure -- and surrounded by rare
dialog: perfume and jewels -- a life that
dialog: would put a queen of Babylon to
dialog: shame --!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 196 CONTINUED:
dialog: She tries
dialog: 85.
dialog: 196
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (fascinated more, but
dialog: doubtful)
dialog: G'arn -- who do you think you're
dialog: kiddin'?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: I mean it, my dear! From the moment
dialog: I saw you, I --
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (practical)
dialog: And how'm I going to get all that?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (patting her hand -
dialog: still holding money)
dialog: With this! More and more of this. It
dialog: was printed just for you --!
text: (he laughs wildly,
text: and she pulls away
dialog: from him a little -
dialog: he feels this)
dialog: Oh, don't let my looks frighten you,
dialog: little Ivy -!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (studying him)
dialog: Well, you ain't a museum piece,
dialog: exactly.....
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (enfolding her)
dialog: No, not my face - but you'll forget
dialog: that soon enough....
dialog: (he moves toward her)
text: She suddenly decides against it all.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (trying to get away)
dialog: No! It's a rum go. That's what it
dialog: is! Let me out!
text: to thrust him away.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (becoming vicious
dialog: instantly)
dialog: Do you think I'd let you go now that
dialog: I've got you? You think I'd throw
dialog: away food after famine?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 196 CONTINUED: (2) 196
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (unable to take her
dialog: eyes from his, ina
dialog: small voice)
dialog: D-don't - you're hurting me...
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (grinning evilly)
dialog: I wouldn't hurt you because I love
dialog: you - because I'm happy loving you -
dialog: (with a chuckle)
dialog: We're going to whirl away - ina
dialog: burst of blinding darkness -- aren't
dialog: we, little moonbeam?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (a mouse before a
dialog: cobra)
dialog: I - I - don't know what you're talking
dialog: about -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (imitating her ina
dialog: baby-talk voice)
dialog: Oh! She doesn't know what I'm talkin'
dialog: about !
scene_heading: 197 CLOSE SHOT - HYDE'S FACE 197
text: It starts to come closer toward the CAMERA
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (in a throaty low
dialog: whisper)
dialog: But you'll find out... oh yes --
dialog: you'll find out...
text: His face moves right into the CAMERA with an awful leer, as
dialog: we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 198 CLOSE SHOT - BEATRIX'S FACE 198
text: She is wearing a puzzled frown. WE PULL BACK TO find her
text: seated on the terrace at a table with Sir Charles outside of
text: the "pump room" at Aix Les Bains. Sir Charles is opening
text: some letters. In the b.g., others at other tables are reading
text: newly-arrived mail. Beatrix turns the page of her letter.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: 198A CLOSE SHOT - PAGE OF LETTER 198A
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: "so your letter was forwarded to me here at the Conference.
dialog: I cannot imagine why you have not heard from Harry, but when
dialog: I get back to London I shall immediately look him up and --"
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BEATRIX AND SIR CHARLES 199
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (opening another letter)
dialog: Hmph! Fellows and Smith. Probably
dialog: the market's tumbled.
text: (then, as he glances
dialog: at letter)
dialog: No! It's up. By Gad!
dialog: (then over to Beatrix,
dialog: in a fine mood)
dialog: Well, what's your good news, my dear.
dialog: What does Harry say this morning?
text: Casually, Beatrix tips the copy of the Times. so that it
text: stands on her lap against the table.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Oh, nothing much....
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - COLUMN OF TIMES - 200
text: IT IS A LETTER. IT BEGINS:
dialog: To the Editor of the Times:- I recently walked through the
dialog: West End of London. I have never seen such deplorable housing
dialog: conditions in all my life. Surely, --
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES' VOICE
dialog: (with a chuckle)
dialog: Oh, come now - Nothing about wanting
dialog: to know when you're coming home? Oh,
dialog: no - I'll wager not!
scene_heading: TwO SHOT - BEATRIX AND SIR CHARLES 201
text: He is glancing over at her chidingly.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (trying to be bright)
dialog: He says he walked through the West
dialog: End recently....
dialog: (reads)
dialog: I have never seen such deplorable
dialog: housing conditions Surely, the City
dialog: Council should find funds to --
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 201 CONTINUED:
dialog: She tries
dialog: 88.
dialog: 201
speaker_heading: BEATRIX (CONT'D)
dialog: (stops reading)
dialog: Well, he just goes on to say about
dialog: the conditions. They must be pretty
dialog: dreadful.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Hmp! I like the sound of that. He's
dialog: got his mind on practical problems.
dialog: Yes, the Council should do something
dialog: about it -
text: (stops as he sees
dialog: tears in her eyes)
dialog: Here, here - my dear - what's wrong?
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (quickly collecting
dialog: herself)
dialog: Nothing. I - I guess I'm just not
dialog: terribly interested in housing
dialog: conditions.... at the moment.
dialog: for control with a little laugh.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: You mean because a man doesn't cover
dialog: the pages with sentimental drivel?
dialog: Nonsense -
dialog: (pats her hand, gently)
dialog: You women should learn to read between
dialog: the lines...
dialog: (picks up another
dialog: letter - half to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Yes. I like the tone of that letter.
dialog: Perhaps we won't have to stay away
dialog: as long as I thought....
text: Beatrix turns and looks at him with joyful expectance, as WE
text: DOLLY TO A CLOSE SHOT OF HER, an
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 202
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IVY - INT. NEW APARTMENT 202
text: She is a different Ivy than we last saw. She seems to be
text: down, dull, beaten, some of her native young impudence and
text: freshness gone. She is playing a game of solitaire. She makes
text: a move, and winces a little, feels her shoulder, then plays
text: on dully, as WE DRAW BACK to show her new surroundings, a
text: rather rich, gaudy and heavy parlor of the period. In the
text: b.g. beyond folding doors thrown open, is the bedroom and
text: dressing table. AS WE SWING AROUND we see the front door on
text: a landing and then a few steps with rail descend into the
text: parlor. The door opens and Ivy jumps up quickly, stiffening,
text: then relaxes and tries to cover up as an older girl ina
text: peignoir and slippers comes in.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (sitting down)
dialog: Oh, hello, Marcia.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (coming down steps)
text: Just stepped down the hall for a
dialog: chin-chin...
text: (sits down opposite
text: Ivy as WE DOLLY IN
dialog: eyeing her, witha
dialog: casual drawl)
dialog: You jumped as though you sat on a
dialog: hot stove.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (with a nervous laugh)
dialog: It's me nerves, I suppose.
dialog: (to change subject)
dialog: Want to play?
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (picks up another
text: deck and shuffles,
text: as Ivy sweeps hers
dialog: up and does the same)
dialog: Oh, I say -
dialog: (laying out her cards)
dialog: My Freddie's got a young brother.
dialog: Just down from Oxford. A nice boy,
dialog: Freddie says, and he'd like to have
dialog: him meet a nice girl. How about it?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (quickly, seeing
dialog: Marcia's motive)
dialog: No, Marcia - no - you know I ain't
dialog: in any position to --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 202 CONTINUED: 202
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (coming right to the
dialog: point)
dialog: I don't know what's wrong with you!
dialog: A smart, pretty young girl - witha
dialog: goblin like this Hyde! Of all the --
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (trying to pass it
dialog: off
dialog: Why, now - looks ain't everything -
dialog: you see --
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (piling it on)
dialog: Sitting here waiting for him all the
dialog: time - like in a cage! Come on out
dialog: with Freddie and me and the kid.
dialog: We'll go to the Empire and the
dialog: Alhambra - where all the toffs go -
dialog: where everybody's laughin' and
dialog: gay --!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, I'd like that - straight, I would.
dialog: But - but I can't, Marcia. I --
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (rising, going around
dialog: to her)
dialog: You can't because you're afraid of
dialog: him - that's why!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (very unconvincing)
dialog: I - I'm not afraid of nobody....!
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (pulls kimona off
text: Ivy's arm - vehement
dialog: against Hyde,
dialog: indicating bruises)
dialog: These are the diamond bracelets he
dialog: gives you, I suppose? Why if ever a
dialog: man dared to lay a hand to me like
dialog: that I'd --
text: But they both turn quickly as the door opens o.s. Ivy rises
text: in panic. Marcia's jaw stiffens. She still holds the pack of
text: cards in her hand.
scene_heading: 203 CLOSE SHOT - HYDE 203
dialog: He stands
text: there a second in the open door, smiling his evil
text: smile at them.
dialog: g1.
scene_heading: 203A CLOSE SHOT - MARCIA AND IVY 203A
text: Marcia slowly lets Ivy's sleeve down and walks back around
text: the other side of the table. Her defiance dwindles. Ivy stands
dialog: terrified.
scene_heading: 203B PAN SHOT - HYDE 203B
text: He closes the door and comes down the steps into the room.
text: He takes off his hat and gloves and cape. He slowly walks
text: over and confronts the two girls. He looks Marcia up and
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: And who is our out-spoken visitor?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: It's Marcia, sir - my friend - You've
dialog: heard me speak about. We - we was
dialog: just playing a -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Ah, yes - Marcia. You know, Marcia,
dialog: I've never been interested in you in
dialog: the slightest - until now...
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (trying to be calm)
dialog: Well - I've got to be toddling, I
dialog: guess...
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Oh, no. This could be interesting --
dialog: the three of us. Discussing friendly
dialog: details...
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (backing away)
dialog: I'll - I'll drop by again, Ivy.
text: She goes to foot of stairs for her wrap.
scene_heading: 203C REVERSE SHOT - AT STAIR 203C
text: Hyde follows Marcia and helps her on with her wrap.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: But you must come when I'm here,
dialog: Marcia. Your point of view differs
dialog: from mine. It would be a delicious
dialog: thrill to change it.
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Ivy found it that way - didn't we,
dialog: my dear?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 203C
speaker_heading: 203D
speaker_heading: 203E
speaker_heading: 203F
speaker_heading: 2036
speaker_heading: 203H
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ivy in b.g. says nothing. Hyde feels Marcia's shoulders.
text: puts on her wrap.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What nice material...
text: Marcia quickly pulls away and ascends the stairs.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: Good - goodbye, Ivy.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Marcia turns, gives a second look at Hyde, hurries out.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE
text: He looks after Marcia.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (chuckling softly)
dialog: Quite nice material....
text: Then he turns and looks o.s. at Ivy.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IVY
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 203C
dialog: He
speaker_heading: 203D
speaker_heading: 203E
text: She stands frozen by the table, scared by his look now that
text: they are left alone.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE
speaker_heading: 203F
text: He softens into a demon-sweet tenderness. WE PAN HIM OVER to
text: decanter on the side console, where he pours himself a
dialog: straight drink during the following conversation:
speaker_heading: HYDE
text: (as he goes to side
dialog: console)
dialog: Marcia is a pretty girl, isn't she?
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IVY
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, yes, sir.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (as he pours drink)
dialog: That's why you're scared, isn't it?
speaker_heading: 2036
speaker_heading: 203H
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: 203J CLOSE SHOT - IVY 2033
text: She is confused.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Why, no, sir - I -
scene_heading: 203K CLOSE SHOT - HYDE 203K
text: He is looking in mirror now, holding his drink in one hand,
text: smoothing his hair and tie with the other. Ivy can be seen
text: in mirror in back of him.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: You're afraid I'll become interested
dialog: in Marcia, aren't you?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Oh, no, sir - if you want to - why -
dialog: (she stops as Hyde
dialog: turns quickly - we
dialog: cannot see his face -
text: then, her expression
dialog: very strained)
dialog: Oh, yes, sir - of course, sir:
scene_heading: 203L PAN SHOT - HYDE 203L
text: He throws down the drink and WE PAN HIM OVER to the table
text: where Ivy is standing.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: What? You're not very clear.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Well, sir - I -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (stroking her shoulder)
dialog: Poor child. I'm such a tease, aren't
dialog: I? Such a tease....
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (with a pleasurable
dialog: sigh)
dialog: - starts eating grapes from bowl)
dialog: What a lucky man - to be loved this
dialog: way.
text: He sits down on the table, putting grape after grape into
text: his mouth and snicking the skins across the room at random.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 203L CONTINUED: 203L
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: But, my dear - suppose I did have to
dialog: leave you for awhile?
scene_heading: 203M TWO SHOT - DIFFERENT ANGLE 203M
text: Ivy sits down at the table again, her face averted from Hyde
text: at this question, and starts to put the cards together with
text: trembling hands.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (trying to hide her
dialog: hope)
dialog: Leave, sir? When?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: I'm not saying when. I just say
dialog: suppose.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Why, sir - I -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Supposing I had to take a trip from
dialog: time to time?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (unable to keep from
text: looking at him with
dialog: great expectance)
dialog: You mean - soon, sir?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (letting her hang on
dialog: eagerly)
dialog: Well, let me see...
dialog: (gently - touching
dialog: her cheek)
dialog: Oh - to - to - you mustn't look so
dialog: worried. It won't be for a long,
dialog: long time.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (dully)
dialog: Oh... I see, sir.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: So we won't think about it now, will
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: N-no, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 203M
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
speaker_heading: 205A
speaker_heading: 205B
speaker_heading: 205C
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: But when I do - it will break your
dialog: heart. Won't it?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, yes, sir.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (with a chuckle)
dialog: It'll be a knife in your heart. Won't
dialog: it?
text: On this, he snicks a grape skin right into the curly hair
text: about her temple. It sticks there. She tries to laugh, as
text: she picks it out. Then she quickly gets up and exits from
text: SCENE, taking cards with her as Hyde watches her.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IVY
text: As she comes to a cabinet and starts to put cards away,
dialog: staying there to re-arrange things just for something to do.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE
text: He watches her, smiling, swinging one leg as he sits on the
text: table, munching more grapes.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: And what would my little cherub like
dialog: to do this evening?
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IVY
text: She turns - a plea in her eyes.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, sir! Could we go out, sir?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Out? You mean - gad about a bit? See
dialog: the sights?
speaker_heading: PAN SHOT - IVY
text: She comes over to him, hopeful of selling him the idea.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, yes, sir. You'd like it, wouldn't
dialog: you, sir?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Well, now, that might be very pleasant -
dialog: yes - let's see - where shall we go?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 203M
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
speaker_heading: 205A
speaker_heading: 205B
speaker_heading: 205C
speaker_heading: 205C CONTINUED:
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 205C
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, they say the Alhambra and such
dialog: places is ever so nice.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: They do? Who does?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Well, Marcia, sir. She says it's
dialog: ever so gay.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Yes, sir. We can go, can't we, sir?
dialog: They say the entertainment is ever
dialog: such fun. And I - well, I haven't
dialog: been out in so long, I -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: You are getting somewhat pale, my
dialog: dear...
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: It's true, sir. Not that I'm complain
dialog: ing, you understand - but-
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Oh, I know. You're just jumpy -
dialog: nervous - that's it.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Yes, sir. I -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: You have that - that cooped-up
dialog: feeling...
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, yes, sir. You do understand,
dialog: don't you? Then we'll -?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (with a sudden idea)
dialog: I know! What about Albert Hall? To a
dialog: symphony, perhaps?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Symphony, sir?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 205C CONTINUED:
dialog: He smiles
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: (2) 205C
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (with scorn)
dialog: Yes - where all the toffs go - when
dialog: they're respectable. When they'd
dialog: rather tell a girl her garter's too
dialog: tight than to say what's really in
dialog: their thoughts -!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (a little crestfallen)
dialog: Well, sir - I sort of hoped we could -
text: (stops, looks at him
dialog: a little puzzled as
dialog: the word "garter"
text: rings in her past
dialog: unconscious mind)
dialog: What makes you say -?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (quickly - gaily)
dialog: So you want to go out, eh?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (thinking this his
dialog: assent)
dialog: Oh, yes, sir! I'll go put on my things
dialog: and -!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: We're not going!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (turning back to him)
dialog: Sir -?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (mimicking her)
dialog: Because the entertainment is ever so
dialog: gay and nice right here!
text: at her evilly, chuckles a little. She turns away
text: with a sudden desperate gesture, putting both hands over her
dialog: brow.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Now we've got to think of what we'll
dialog: do, don't we?
dialog: (as she says nothing)
dialog: Let's see shall we play cards? No,
dialog: you're probably tired of cards --
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 205C CONTINUED:
dialog: Ivy turns
dialog: break.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: (3) 205C
speaker_heading: HYDE (CONT'D)
dialog: (as she still stands,
dialog: her face covered)
dialog: You could read to me, couldn't you?
dialog: Milton's Paradise Lost would be nice -
dialog: but we haven't the book here - and
dialog: you don't know it from memory, do
dialog: you?
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Oh! I know. You remember what we
dialog: like!
dialog: (leaning over toward
dialog: her softly)
dialog: Sing to me...
text: slowly. Her eyes widen in horror. She starts to
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (with a sudden sob)
dialog: Oh, no - please, sir - not that -!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Not in good voice -?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: It isn't that, sir. It -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (in sweet reproof)
dialog: Why! It's such a pretty song!
speaker_heading: IVY
text: (wringing her hands,
dialog: starting to sob)
dialog: Oh, please, sir - not tonight!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Sing it gaily!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: I - I can't - truly -!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (his tempo accelerating)
dialog: Then softly - with compassion...
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Please, sir - if you'll just do me
dialog: the favor -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: With loving kindness even...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 205C CONTINUED: (4) 205C
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (sobbing more -
dialog: terrified now)
dialog: Don't ask me to - please, sir -!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Then moodily. That's it - with deep
dialog: mood!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, sir - whatever you like - but
dialog: for the love of -!
text: With a lightning-like movement, his gentle taunting turns to
text: a fierce, vicious command as he pinches her chin between his
text: thumb and fore-finger. His eyes widen in fury.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: I said sing!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (with almost a scream)
dialog: But, sir -!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Sing it! You hear me?
text: Ivy slowly nods, looks about a little hysterically, backs
text: away a little, as if to an accustomed position before him,
text: and pathetically, between sobs, starts to sing a version of
text: Champagne Charlie in which she substitutes the words
dialog: "Champagne Ivy is my name..."
scene_heading: 205D CLOSE SHOT - HYDE 205D
text: He leans forward on the table, watching her with horrible,
text: rising satisfaction, swaying slightly to the music.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: That's it! Smile when you sing! Be
dialog: gay! Be happy!
scene_heading: 205E CLOSE SHOT - IVY 205E
text: As she sings, not looking at him, but everywhere else in the
text: room that she can. As she finishes she just stands there and
dialog: sobs.
scene_heading: 205F TWO SHOT - HYDE AND IVY 205F
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (as she finishes)
dialog: Bravo! Bravo! A prima donna is born!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 205F CONTINUED: 205F
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
speaker_heading: HYDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's draw her carriage through the
dialog: streets! Let's shower her with
dialog: orchids!
text: With this he picks up a bunch of grapes and throws them at
text: her. They smash against her breast, leaving a huge smear. He
text: leaps over at her, as WE DOLLY IN CLOSE. His voice is now
text: low and rampant with desire, as he enfolds her in his arms.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Congratulations, my dear!... the
dialog: world is yours! The moment is
dialog: Mine -!
text: She tries to pull away from him, but he pulls her in to him
text: savagely, and kisses her. She all but faints under it, and
text: wilts in his arms, her whole body sagging. He looks down at
text: her, pulls her arms about his neck, lifts her up, with a
dialog: look 0.s., as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: OUT. 206
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - EXT. BACK DOOR OF LAB - NIGHT 207
text: Hyde hurries into scene as WE DOLLY IN. He looks left and
text: right, [...], then unlooks the door and ducks in.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. LAB 208
text: Hyde lights gas lamps, then takes off his cape and hat, then
text: quickly goes to [...], picks out a vial, comes to table and
text: pours contents into a glass. He looks about crazily for a
text: second, then drinks it. He gets the same violent reaction as
text: from the "outward" phase. He writhes, grips table, etc., but
text: the change is much quicker than when he changes to Hyde.
text: Now, before our eyes, he becomes Dr. Jekyll. He seems sagging,
text: spent. He goes quickly to the mirror and looks at himself,
text: as WE DOLLY IN. He peers at, feels, his face anxiously, then
text: looks at his hands. Then he looks at himself in disgust, and
text: covers his face with his hands. He paces about a bit, silently
text: berating himself, his lips moving, his fist pounding the
text: table. He takes the back-door key out of his pocket, looks
text: at it, then over at the back-door. He makes a firm decision,
text: goes quickly to a small gas smelter, lights it, puts ina
text: chunk of lead, holds the key in his hand, waiting. Suddenly,
text: there is a knock on the door, o.s., from house.
speaker_heading: POOLE'S VOICE
dialog: Dr. Jekyll, sir?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh - just a moment, Poole.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 208
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 208
text: He hurries up the stairs, unlocks the front door, and Poole
text: follows him down stairs. Poole has dressed only in trousers,
text: coat and slippers.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: I saw the light. I'm so glad you're
dialog: back, Dr. Jekyll. I was worried,
dialog: sir. You'll pardon my appearance.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I was called on an emergency. I stayed
text: at the house.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Yes, sir. Oh, Dr. Lanyon called twice
dialog: today, sir - he said to tell you
dialog: that Miss Beatrix and her father
dialog: arrive home in the morning, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (starting)
dialog: In the morning?
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (smiling, kindly)
dialog: I was sure you'd wish to know, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (joy mixed with anxiety)
dialog: Yes... thank you, Poole... thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Could I fix you a bite of -?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: No.... nothing, thank you...
dialog: nothing...
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (starting upstairs)
dialog: Very good, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh, Poole - first thing tomorrow I
dialog: want you to get me a special messenger
dialog: from the district office. I'll give
text: him an envelope to deliver.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (going out door)
dialog: Yes, sir. Goodnight, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 208 CONTINUED: (2) 208
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Goodnight, Poole...
text: WE DOLLY INTO JEKYLL as he walks to the smelter. It is now
text: molten hot and reflects on his face. He takes the key and
text: drops it into the boiling lead.
scene_heading: 209 INSERT - KEY 209
text: Dissolving into the molten lead. Jekyll watches it. A great
text: relief comes over him, and he closes his eyes, lifting his
dialog: head, as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 210 GROUP SHOT - INT. IVY'S PARLOR - DAY 210
text: Marcia is administering to Ivy's bruises on her shoulders.
text: Ivy is sobbing, angry and scared. Freddie, Marcia's gentleman
text: friend, stands by quite aghast.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: » mmm - this is a bad one.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (wincing, between the
dialog: sobbing)
dialog: He's a beast, he is -- a dirty beast --
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Rotten shame. Why don't you run away
dialog: from the filthy beggar?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: What's the use? I tried that once.
dialog: He found me and -- why he'd kill me
dialog: if I tried it again! Only last night
dialog: he --
scene_heading: 211 BUT SHE STOPS... 211
text: ...terrified, and they all look toward the door as there is
text: a knock on it.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (bracing herself)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: MESSENGER'S VOICE
dialog: Special messenger - for Miss Ivy
dialog: Pearson.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 211
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (to Freddie)
dialog: Get it, Freddie.
text: Freddie nods and WE PAN HIM up the steps to the door, which
text: he opens, showing messenger. Latter hands him the envelope.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Any answer?
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: No, guv'nor.
text: Freddie gives the messenger a coin, and comes down, handing
text: the envelope to Ivy. She opens it, as they watch. She pulls
text: out a sheaf of bank notes.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (in wonder)
dialog: Look here -!
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (picking up and
dialog: counting notes)
dialog: I say! Fifty pounds.
dialog: (looking in envelope)
dialog: But there's no letter with it. This
dialog: from him...?
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: The blighter must've sent it for
dialog: what he's done.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Not him - the rotten skinflint - and
dialog: he don't care nohow...
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (finding a solution,
dialog: practical)
dialog: Well - no matter who sent it, it's
dialog: here. And it's more than enough to
dialog: get you out of the country.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Jolly good idea! I've got a friend
dialog: in Paris who'll be only too glad to --
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (jumping up suddenly,
dialog: a little wildly)
dialog: No, no! Don't you see? It's a trick -
dialog: one of his horrible cat-and-mouse
dialog: tricks - just to torture me!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 211
speaker_heading: 211 CONTINUED:
dialog: 104,
dialog: (2) 211
speaker_heading: IVY (CONT'D)
dialog: (starts pacing floor,
dialog: holding sides of her
dialog: head with both hands)
dialog: That's what he hopes I'll do - use
dialog: it to run away. I can just see his
dialog: pig eyes thinkin' it up. He'll let
dialog: me think I've almost got free and
dialog: then - You don't know him, I tell
dialog: you! I can't stand it any more, I
dialog: can't! If I only could do it I'd go
dialog: down to the river and --!
text: (slumps down in chair
dialog: again and sobs)
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: It's her nerves, that's what. She
dialog: ought to see a doctor.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: She ought to see one of thos mental
dialog: fellers. I know a feller who cured
dialog: the mater of the vapors or something.
dialog: I'll go and get the address.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 212 CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL AND BEATRIX - INT. HER DRAWING ROOM 212
text: Beatrix and Jekyll are seated on a couch. They are holding
dialog: hands. He
dialog: crying.
text: cannot take his eyes from her. Beatrix has been
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: ... but you should have written me.
dialog: I should be the first to know when
dialog: you are ill. If I'd known you were
dialog: that ill I'd have come home at once.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: But, Bee darling - don't you see? I
dialog: knew that and I - I didn't know what
dialog: to say. I didn't want to worry you...
text: Beatrix wipes away a last tear, and then puts her hand on
text: his cheek.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Oh, my poor lamb - your face looks
dialog: so drawn...
text: Jekyll recaptures her hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 212 CONTINUED:
dialog: They kiss,
dialog: they hear
dialog: 105.
dialog: 212
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (a little anxiously)
dialog: But when you look in my eyes - you
dialog: see what you've always seen, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (softly, smiling)
dialog: Yes... I carried that look all over
text: the Continent - locked up inside of
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (almost like a vow)
dialog: It will always be there - always....
text: (then, enfolding her
dialog: in his arms)
dialog: Oh, that's what I wanted to hear!
dialog: And now that you're back, I'll never
dialog: let you go again. We've got to be
dialog: married right away, Bee. I can't --
dialog: I can't wait all this time...
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (gently, pleased by
dialog: his ardor)
dialog: Such a wonderful part of love -- to
dialog: be needed that much...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: Need you? I need you more than -
dialog: (breaks off, passes
text: hand over his brow)
dialog: While you've been gone - it's been -
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (ecstatically)
dialog: But it's all right now. No more
dialog: goodbye's for you and me - ever -
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (with an excited laugh)
dialog: That's it! Just Hellos!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Ever and ever. Hello, Dr. Jekyll.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh, Bee --
text: and then he holds her close. Then they turn as
text: a door closing o.s.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 212 CONTINUED: (2) 212
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES' VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (cheery)
dialog: Where's my daughter, Hobson?
speaker_heading: HOBSON'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: In the drawing room, sir.
text: Beatrix and Jekyll rise, Beatrix retains his hand and WE PAN
text: THEM across the room as they meet Sir Charles entering.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (extending his hand)
dialog: Ah! Well, well, Harry....
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (as they shake hands)
dialog: I hope I'm welcome again, sir.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Can't think of any reason why you
dialog: shouldn't be. How've you been? Beatrix
dialog: read me some of your letters.
dialog: Interesting.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Father, Harry won't admit it. But
dialog: because he was so upset, he's been
dialog: very ill while we were away -
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, my boy - feeling fit
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: With Bee back, sir? Well!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (bluntly but calmly)
dialog: And this leads me to speak very
dialog: plainly, Father. It's in my heart -
dialog: and I must say it. I want to be
dialog: married just as soon as possible.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Now, my dear - you know I said that -
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Father, I respect you more than any
dialog: girl could. But Harry and I - we've
dialog: waited so long. And if you don't
dialog: consent, I'll go away with him. I
dialog: mean it this time. That's how much
dialog: Harry and I are in love, Father...
dialog: I'd even hurt you to safeguard it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 212 CONTINUED: (3) 212
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (hardly believes his
dialog: ears)
dialog: Beatrix...!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: I swear, sir - you'll never have any
dialog: regrets.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: It's my whole life, Father. Don't
dialog: make me hurt you! Isn't my happiness
dialog: reason enough?
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (after quite a pause,
dialog: gently)
dialog: Your happiness is my life, my dear.
text: (with s smile, holding
dialog: out his arms)
dialog: All right. Next month it shall be.
text: Beatrix goes into his arms with a glad cry. Sir Charles holds
text: her a second, tries to hide a tear. He extends a hand to
dialog: Jekyll.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Come to dinner tomorrow, eh, Harry?
dialog: I should like to make a formal
dialog: announcement to our friends.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
text: (wringing his hand,
dialog: inarticulate)
dialog: Oh, yes, sir - thank you, sir - thank
dialog: you -!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 213 FULL SHOT - FOYER - INT. JEKYLL'S HOUSE 213
text: Jekyll is coming in, by his key.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (calling, as he does
dialog: so)
dialog: Poole - Poole -!
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (hurrying in)
dialog: Oh, yes sir!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 213 CONTINUED: 213
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Poole - look at me - I'm
dialog: delirious -!
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: What, sir?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (flinging him his
dialog: cape)
dialog: I should be put in a straight-jacket,
dialog: Poole! Before I make everybody
dialog: envious!
dialog: (putting his hat on
dialog: Poole's head)
dialog: But instead I crown you King of the
dialog: Gypsies - because you shall be the
dialog: first to know! I'm going to be
dialog: married, Poole.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (his face lighting up)
dialog: Oh, splendid, sir. When, sir?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Next month! Next month she'll be in
dialog: this very house - Mrs. Henry Jekyll!
dialog: And the walls will turn to cloud
dialog: banks - and you'll be taking your
dialog: orders from an angel!
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (removing hat)
dialog: I'm so very glad, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (as we PAN HIM to
dialog: side door)
dialog: I must get the call list from the
dialog: consulting room. You can take it to
dialog: Sir Charles. He wants it for the
dialog: invitations.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (following him)
dialog: There's a patient here, sir - without
dialog: appointment.
text: Jekyll opens the door to the consulting room.
scene_heading: 214 FULL SHOT - INT. CONSULTING ROOM 214
text: Jekyll stops full in his tracks, as he sees Ivy sitting there.
dialog: She rises
text: from the chair, her strained and worried expression
text: changing to child-like pleasure and surprise at seeing him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 214 CONTINUED:
dialog: 109.
dialog: 214
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Why - why it's you, sir!
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (behind Jekyll, in
dialog: explanation)
dialog: This is Miss Pierson, sir.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (strained)
dialog: Yes... yes, Poole. I'll give you the
dialog: list later.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Very good, sir.
text: He bows out. Ivy comes slowly toward him.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: So you're the famous Dr. Jekyll?
dialog: Now, who'd have thought we'd meet
dialog: again like this?
text: (watches him as he
dialog: makes no answer)
dialog: I was the one you and your friend
dialog: took home that night - remember,
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (nailed, but striving
dialog: for calm)
dialog: Why - oh, yes - yes, of course..
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, I'm so glad it's you, sir! You
dialog: were so kind and good to me that
dialog: night! Maybe you can --
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: What - ah - what brought you here,
dialog: Miss Pierson?
text: Ivy is reminded of her plight. With a little sobbing murmur
dialog: she pulls
dialog: shoulder,
dialog: and marks.
text: off her coat and slips her shirtwaist off her
text: baring it to him and displaying streaks of welts
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: There, sir! That's what! Look at
dialog: that!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 214 CONTINUED: (2) 214
speaker_heading: IVY (CONT'D)
dialog: (as Jekyll makes no
dialog: answer, only stares
text: with hypnotized horror
dialog: at the shoulder)
dialog: Pretty, ain't it? Did you ever see a
dialog: thing like that before, sir?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: It's - it's horrible...
dialog: (then collecting
dialog: himself, starts for
dialog: desk)
dialog: I'll give you some lotion to soothe
dialog: that.
text: But Ivy stops him quickly. She begins to break down more.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Lotion! It won't be lotions'1ll do
dialog: the trick, sir! No! It's more than
dialog: that, sir. I need help, I do! I can't
dialog: stand it any more!
dialog: (as Jekyll can only
dialog: look at her)
dialog: It's Hyde, sir - a man I know - Mr.
dialog: Hyde, sir! It's him as done it, and
dialog: more I can't tell you, sir. He ain't
dialog: human, he ain't. He's a beast! He
dialog: won't let me go, sir! And I'm afraid
dialog: to - I'm afraid to run away....
text: During this he has slumped down on arm of chair. She continues
dialog: to explain.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Marcia - she's my girl friend - and
dialog: Freddie, Mr. Willoughby - he's her
dialog: friend... they says it's my nerves -
dialog: and they says as how you know about
dialog: such things and could help me, sir.
dialog: (then sinking down on
dialog: her knees, clinging
dialog: to him)
dialog: But, oh sir - I can't bear up no
dialog: more under it, sir. If - if you can
dialog: do nothing for me, then give me some
dialog: poison so I can kill myself....
text: She breaks down completely now and sobs on his lap.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 214 CONTINUED:
dialog: 111.
dialog: (3) 214
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (in agony - but
dialog: guarded, too)
dialog: Why didn't you seek help before? Why
dialog: didn't you go to the police?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (looking up at him)
dialog: I tell you I'm afraid, sir! You
dialog: don't know him, sir. A nice fine
dialog: gentleman like yourself wouldn't be
dialog: meeting such a person! He ain't a
dialog: man - he's a devil! He knows what
dialog: you're thinking about, he does!
dialog: Why, if he knows I've been here today,
dialog: I don't know what he'll do. It won't
dialog: be nothin' human, I can tell you!
dialog: Oh, please, sir - please help me.
dialog: Keep him off -!
dialog: (in a lower voice,
dialog: hastily - pleading)
dialog: I'll do anything you ask, sir - I
dialog: ain't as bad as you might think -and -
dialog: and men say as I ain't a bad looker
dialog: when I'm more myself. You - you liked
dialog: me once a little, didn't you, sir?
dialog: And you're really such a fine kind
dialog: gentleman - honest - that night you
dialog: walked out of my place, I laughed at
dialog: you - but I didn't laugh after you'd
dialog: gone...
text: (averts her head,
text: puts her cheek on
dialog: his knee)
dialog: I kept wishin' you'd come back -
dialog: truly, I did...
text: For a moment, Jekyll stares at her head. And for a flash
text: second, he seems as though he is about to lean over and
text: embrace her with the strange look of Hyde battling for
dialog: supremacy
dialog: lifts her
text: in his expression. Then he contains himself and
text: up, as he stands too.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I - I give you my word that you will
dialog: never be troubled by this man Hyde
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (sobbing anew)
dialog: But - but how do you know, sir? He'll
dialog: come back! He'll come back and kill
dialog: me, sir!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 214 CONTINUED: (4) 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: He'll not come back. I'll see to it.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: But you don't know him, sir. He ain't
dialog: human, he ain't!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (very strong)
dialog: I've given you my word - and that I
dialog: never break. You'll not see Hyde
dialog: again!
dialog: (pause, as she looks
dialog: at him)
dialog: You must believe me.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (fully convinced)
dialog: I believe you, sir. I believe you.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: You - you must go now.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Yes, sir. Yes, sir..... yes, sir.
text: She puts on her coat and goes to the door, then turns.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IVY - AT DOOR 215
text: She looks at Jekyll o.s., puzzled.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: It's funny - but for a moment I
dialog: thought -
dialog: (then she stops)
dialog: Well... goodbye, sir.
text: She exits.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 216
text: He reacts to her statement. WE PAN HIM to the mirror where
text: he examines his face, as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 216
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - REGENT'S PARK - EARLY EVENING 217
text: It is still light, the shadows long. The birds are twittering.
text: In the far b.g., through the trees, we see sheep dotting the
dialog: greensward.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - PARK ENTRANCE 218
text: Mr. Weller, the Park Keeper, is idling about the entrance as
text: Jekyll comes gaily into the Park. Jekyll is dressed for the
text: evening, in tails, cape, silk hat and stick.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (hailing him gaily)
dialog: Mr. Weller, Mr. Weller - good evening!
text: The Park Keeper falls in beside him as we TRUCK WITH THEM.
speaker_heading: PARK KEEPER
dialog: Dr. Jekyll! The days keep beautifully
dialog: long this time of the year.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Beautiful - wonderful! How's little
dialog: Annie's cough?
speaker_heading: PAAK KEEPER
dialog: The medicine you gave her done the
dialog: trick. She's only whooped twice in a
dialog: week!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Splendid, splendid!
speaker_heading: PARK KEEPER
dialog: (looking Jekyll up
dialog: and down)
dialog: You look much brighter yourself, sir -
dialog: beggin' your pardon.
text: WE HOLD as Jekyll stops and turns to the Park Keeper.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (indicating with stick)
text: Mr. Weller - across the park, in Sir
dialog: Charles Emery's house - is a
text: beautifully set dinner table. In
dialog: exactly two hours -somewhere between
dialog: the beautiful smoked salmon and the
dialog: beautiful Camembert cheese - Sir
dialog: Charles will arise and beautifully
dialog: announce the coming marriage of myself
dialog: to the most beautiful girl in this
dialog: beautiful world!
speaker_heading: PARK KEEPER
dialog: (grabbing his hand,
dialog: pumping it)
dialog: Dr. Jekyll - my congratulations! And
dialog: all the best to Mrs. Jekyll as is to
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: From you, Mr. Weller- that's an omen
dialog: for happiness.
text: (hand on Mr. Weller's
dialog: shoulder, in a whisper)
dialog: You don't blame me if I hurry?
speaker_heading: PARK KEEPER
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: God speed, Dr. Jekyll!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Woller!
text: He exits o.s., as Mr. Weller beams after him.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - PARK - JEKYLL
text: He walks through a lovely setting, happily swinging his cane.
scene_heading: TRUCKING SHOT - JEKYLL
text: He walks along, smiling to himself. He starts to whistle. He
text: is whistling "Champagne Charlie"! He whistles it with great
text: volume and vehemence. He suddenly realizes what he is
text: whistling and stops it, a shadow crossing his face. Then he
text: smiles again, starts whistling "Drink To Me Only With Thine
text: Eyes", but before he realizes it, he is whistling "Champagne
text: Charlie" again. He stops short in his tracks, as he realizes
text: this. His hand passes over his brow. He tries to walk on,
text: straightening his shoulders. He seems to feel faint. He looks
text: about, a little confused, and WE PAN HIM as he goes to a
text: round bench under a tree and sits down.
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - ON BENCH 221
text: He seems to be trying to get his breath. He rings his finger
text: around the edge of his collar. Then he contorts a little.
text: His face suddenly becomes strained and panic-stricken. His
text: hand goes to his throat. His face starts to contort more,
text: the lines deepening. With horror, his glance goes to his
text: hands. WE PAN DOWN. His hand, clutching the bench, is turning
dialog: more horribly grotesque than we have ever seen it. WE PAN
text: BACK UP. Jekyll is now nearing the change to Hyde! He looks
text: at his other hand. WE PAN DOWN. It is the same as the other.
text: WE PAN BACK UP to his face. It is almost that of Hyde. He is
text: in convulsions.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (with a last desperate
dialog: cry)
dialog: Bee - Bee, darling -!
text: Then the writhings and gaspings, their course running quicker
text: than before. And suddenly, he is Hyde! He looks about,
text: craftily, viciously. A bird lights on the bench beside him.
text: He flails his cane at it. It flies away. He thinks a second,
text: getting his bearings in Evil. Then a thought strikes him.
text: His eyes glint. He starts to sing "Champagne Charlie" ina
text: horrible sing-song, swaying manner, and suddenly he gets up
text: with an animal leap, and WE PAN HIM as he runs leaping across
text: the green into the b.g., like a gorged buzzard racing for
dialog: another piece of carrion, as we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IVY - INT. HER PARLOR - NIGHT 222
text: She is quite tight, tipsily pouring champagne into a glass,
text: humming indistinctly to herself. Then she gets an idea and
text: WE PAN HER to mirror. She raises the glass.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (with hatred)
dialog: Here's hoping that Hyde rots wherever
dialog: he is - and burns slow when the time
dialog: comes!
dialog: (then softly,
dialog: passionately)
dialog: And here's hoping that Dr. Jekyll
dialog: thinks of his Ivy - like I know he'd
dialog: like to... like Ivy thinks of him...
dialog: "cause he's an angel. Here's to my
dialog: angel...
text: Her glass starts for her lips, when suddenly the door opens,
text: reflected in the b.g. Hyde stands there, staring at her. Ivy
text: turns with a gasp of horror and disbelief, drops the glass
text: to the floor.
speaker_heading: 223
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: PAN SHOT - HYDE 223
text: He comes slowly down the stairs, throwing his hat and stick
text: on a table, eyeing the frozen Ivy all the while. He starts
text: across to her.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Surprised?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (shocked to soberness)
dialog: Why, sir - I -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: It couldn't be that you didn't expect
dialog: to see me, could it?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Why, no, sir - I - I've been here
dialog: waitin' for you, sir. I -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: But you're celebrating. What? Some
dialog: new event - some change?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: No, sir - I just thought I'd -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (fury starting to win
dialog: over sarcasm)
dialog: Drinking to calm your nerves, perhaps?
dialog: It's your nerves, isn't it? Shouldn't
dialog: you see a doctor?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Oh, no, sir.
dialog: (going to wine cooler)
dialog: Would you like some wine, sir? I'll
dialog: get another glass and --
text: Hyde slaps the bottle from her hand.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Jekyll's a good man. Dr. Henry Jekyll --
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (now very startled)
dialog: Is - is he, sir? But I don't need
dialog: any --
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: A gentleman, too - different than
dialog: any man you might know.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 223 CONTINUED:
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 223
speaker_heading: HYDE (CONT'D)
dialog: (mimicking)
dialog: "A nice fine gentleman like yourself
dialog: wouldn't be meeting such a person -"
dialog: (as Ivy only stares
dialog: at him)
dialog: ",,. I ain't a bad looker when I'm
dialog: more myself..."
dialog: (as she starts to
text: back away, he follows
dialog: her)
dialog: He's the sort of man you get down on
dialog: your knees to, isn't he? -- A sweet,
dialog: dear, pure man you could believe and
dialog: trust...
text: (suddenly grabs her
dialog: wrist viciously)
dialog: He's a smug hypocritical coward,
dialog: that's what he is!
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: You - you couldn't know Dr. Jekyll --
dialog: know him intimately. I detest him
text: intimately -- from his lofty brain
text: to the soles of his virtuous feet.
dialog: And you -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (mimicking)
dialog: "I'll do anything you ask, sir -"
dialog: (snarling again)
dialog: Well, you saw the respectable fool!
text: Clutched his halo and held it
dialog: straight, didn't he?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: How - how'd you know all that?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Why I know everything you say and
dialog: everything you think.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: Then you - you must be truly somethin' -
dialog: the devil himself, then... because
dialog: Dr. Jekyll wouldn't tell you. He
dialog: ain't the kind that would -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: S-s-h! Would you keep a secret if I
dialog: told you? Promise?
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: What -?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 223
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: I am Dr. Jekyll. I'm the angel you
dialog: want to love and adore.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (breaks away, back to
dialog: wall)
dialog: No - no -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (wagging his finger
dialog: at her - following)
dialog: But you don't have to promise. Because
dialog: it's such a beautiful secret that
dialog: those who share it with me can't go
dialog: on living.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: What - what are you going to do?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: How does one usually stop a person
dialog: from living?
text: He makes a lunge at her, but she ducks from under him,
text: wrenches away from his grasp and, screaming, runs across
text: room, up the stair. Hyde gives a roar of glee and rage, leaps
text: over balustrade and intercepts her, as WE PAN. WE PAN BACK
text: as she runs screaming across the room, trying to get toa
text: window. Hyde leaps back and grabs her as she reaches divan.
scene_heading: EFFECT SHOT - SHOOTING OVER DIVAN 224
text: Hyde grabs her by the throat, bends her back.
speaker_heading: IVY
dialog: (wild in her terror)
dialog: No - please, sir - I'll sing for
dialog: you, I will -
dialog: (starts singing)
dialog: "Champagne Ivy is my name. Champagne
dialog: Ivy is --"
text: Her voice chokes off.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Now! Now you've got what you've
dialog: longed for!
dialog: (they start sinking
text: out of sight behind
dialog: divan)
dialog: Here - with your angel!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 224 CONTINUED: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
speaker_heading: HYDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Embraced in the wings of your angel!
dialog: (as we hear Ivy choke
dialog: and gasp o.s.)
dialog: Leda - loved by her swan..!
text: After a second there is silence. Hyde gets up gasping. He
text: looks about, looks back at form below FRAME, and then WE PAN
text: as he picks up his hat and stick and starts for the door.
text: O.s. in the hall, we hear inaudible but growing murmurs.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - UPPER HALL AND STAIR WELL 225
text: An elderly woman and her husband, and a couple of other
text: tenants are looking fearfully at Ivy's door. Marcia and
text: Freddie, both in evening dress, are hurrying up the stairs.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (down to them)
dialog: Somethin's happened! He's latherin'
dialog: the hide off her!
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: (to man above)
dialog: Come on - we better pop in and stop
dialog: it!
text: At this moment, Hyde comes out the door on the run, stops as
text: he sees them.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hey, you - what've you been -?
text: He gets no further as Hyde brushes him aside with a roar,
text: careens down the stairs to Freddie and Marcia.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Stop him, the dirty -!
text: Freddie tries to grapple with Hyde, but Hyde knocks him down
text: with a blow from his cane, and as WE PAN, leaps over the
text: balustrade with a laugh in time to avoid other tenants who
text: come rushing up the stairs. In the b.g., below, he ducks out
dialog: of the door.
scene_heading: FULL PAN SHOT - EXT. STREET 226
text: Hyde comes out of the door, darts off down the street. A
text: couple of passers-by turn around and look at him as he leaves
text: the sidewalk, ducks across in front of a cab, hitting the
text: horse with his cane so that it rears and plunges, and then
text: disappears around a corner.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - INT. IVY'S PARLOR 227
text: We are shooting over back of divan. Marcia, Freddie, and
text: other tenants are looking horrified down at a constable who
text: is kneeling over Ivy's body o.s. Marcia, hard Marcia, is
text: sobbing. Freddie has his handkerchief to a bloody temple.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (in awe)
dialog: He done her in! How horrible!
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: This here's the work of a friend!
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (bursting out)
dialog: It was that Hyde did it, I tell you!
text: The constable turns, jumps to the window, opens it, starts
text: blowing his whistle vigorously.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - EXT. BACK JEKYLL'S LAB. 228
text: Hyde hurries into scene, looks about with triumphant little
text: chuckles, as he fumbles in his pockets for the key. WE DOLLY
text: IN. Then Hyde realizes he has destroyed the key. He tries
text: the heavy door with his shoulder, tries again. He gives up,
text: looks around, then WE PAN HIM as he darts along sidewalk to
text: corner, turns, and disappears.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - AT FRONT CORNER 229
text: Hyde comes running from back corner full tilt, and WE PAN
text: HIM, after he peers around front corner of his house, along
text: front of house to entrance and the door, in far b.g.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - AT FRONT DOOR - HYDE 230
text: He pulls out the wire plunger bell, frantically, then bangs
text: the heavy brass knocker on the door. He flies into a flurry
text: of animal rage in his impatience. Then the door opens about
text: a foot, held in that position by the heavy safety chain
text: stretching from jamb to door on the inside, and Poole's
text: startled face peers out. He withdraws a little at the man he
dialog: sees.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Come - open up, you fool! I'ma friend
dialog: of Dr. Jekyll!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: 230 CONTINUED: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: D-D-Doctor Jekyll isn't at home,
dialog: sir...
text: Poole tries to close door but Hyde pushes his foot in, wedging
text: it open.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Well, that doesn't make any -!
dialog: (then recovering)
dialog: What difference does that make? He
dialog: expects me! He told me to wait for
dialog: him, you idiot! Let me in!
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: I know all of Dr. Jekyll's
dialog: friends -!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Now look here - I'll have no insolent
dialog: talk like -
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: You'll have to come back later.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: You open up or I'll bash this door
dialog: in!
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: If you don't go away, I'll send for
dialog: the police!
text: As he says this, he stamps on Hyde's foot. Hyde withdraws
text: it, allowing Poole to slam the door closed. Then with an
text: inarticulate growl, Hyde looks about him for something. WE
text: PAN DOWN AND UP with him, as with superhuman strength, he
text: wrenches a foot scraper embedded in the brick stoop. He is
text: just about to use it to jimmy open the door between the handle
text: and the jamb, when he does a "double take" and looks o.s.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - BOBBIE - HYDE'S ANGLE 231
text: Far down at the corner, he is just emerging into view,
text: strolling along the street at right angles to Hyde. He stops
text: and leans against a light post, folding his arms for a rest.
scene_heading: BACK TO HYDE 232
text: He realizes his plan is futile. He softly lowers the foot
text: scraper, tiptoes o.s.
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: FULL PAN SHOT - HYDE 233
text: He scurries out from entrance to his house, and down the
text: street away from the bobbie.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - CHEAP COMMERCIAL SECTION - STREET 234
text: The street is empty. In the far background, across the street,
text: we see the skulking figure of Hyde, looking in the various
text: shops as he hurries along.
scene_heading: CLOSE PAN SHOT - HYDE 235
text: He seems to be searching for a certain shop, passing a
text: butcher's, a shoemaker's, a wine shop, a plumbing shop, notion
text: store, etc., peering into each with a sort of desperation.
text: Finally, o.s. ahead of him, he sees what he wants. His face
text: lights up. He is just about to start for it, when he looks
text: down the street o.s., from where we hear the sound of trotting
text: hooves. He ducks into a dark recess, watches.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - HIS ANGLE - TWO MOUNTED BOBBIES 236
text: They trot down the street, looking this way and that.
dialog: BACK TO HYDE 237
text: He watches them o.s., as the sound of their horses' hooves
text: disappears. Then WE DOLLY AND PAN HIM as he hurries a few
text: paces down the black street until he comes opposite a store
text: window which reads: "Grundy & Co. Stationery Supplies". He
text: peers in the window.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE'S ANGLE - STATIONERY, INK AND PENS. 238
text: They are on display.
dialog: BACK TO HYDE 239
text: He tries the door of the shop; of course, it isn't open. He
text: looks about, sees a newspaper rack - a heavy wooden standard -
text: seizes it, raises it above his head and smashes the window
text: with it. He reaches in and snags paper, ink bottle, pen.
text: Envelopes and paper scatter over the walk. Almost immediately,
text: a light goes on in back of the store as a door opens and a
text: man and his wife and an older woman rush into the front part
text: of store. Hyde is now scooting up the sidewalk toward the
text: b.g. The store folk come out, in nightclothes, viewing the
text: wreckage, spying Hyde darting up the street.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: There he goes -!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: 241
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 239
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (still sleepy, running
dialog: about in circles)
dialog: This ain't no place to rob...
speaker_heading: YOUNGER WOMAN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: But robbed it is -!
dialog: (calling up street)
dialog: Help - police!
dialog: (viewing shattered
dialog: glass)
dialog: Ooo, the window - and just been
dialog: cleaned, too!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT INT. FOYER - SIR CHARLES' HOME 240
text: The last of the guests are just taking their leave, men being
text: helped on with their capes by a couple of footmen. Atmosphere
dialog: is strained. Ad lib: (sotto voce) "A bit odd, isn't it...
dialog: I've heard strange things about this young Jekyll... after
dialog: all, that affair at the embassy... felt so sorry for poor
dialog: Beatrix." WE PAN ACROSS this to pick up Sir Charles and
text: Beatrix in the far b.g., bidding goodnight to a weezy old
text: bloke. Lanyon is staying behind, hovering in the b.g.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - AROUND SIR CHARLES AND BEATRIX - DRAWING ROOM 241
speaker_heading: UNCLE GEOFFREY
dialog: (the wheezy old bloke)
dialog: Goodnight, Charles.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (keeping up appearances)
dialog: Goodnight, Geoffrey...
speaker_heading: UNCLE GEOFFREY
dialog: (to Beatrix)
dialog: Sorry your young man was detained,
dialog: my dear.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (very strained)
dialog: So am I, Uncle Geoffrey. It must
dialog: have been a matter of life or death -
speaker_heading: UNCLE GEOFFREY
dialog: (uncomfortable, sensing
dialog: strain)
dialog: Of course. These doctors... never
dialog: can call their soul their own...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 241
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 241
text: He goes o.s. Lanyon, Sir Charles and Beatrix are all
text: uncomfortable, as they watch him go. Hobson, the butler,
text: appears coming from the b.g., wearing top coat and carrying
dialog: his bowler.
speaker_heading: HOBSON
dialog: (conscious of last
dialog: people leaving in
text: foyer, in a low voice)
dialog: I talked to Poole. Dr. Jekyll left
dialog: the house at seven to come here.
dialog: He's very worried, sir.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (to Sir Charles)
dialog: There - you see, Father? There must
dialog: be something more than what you -
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (looking at Beatrix,
dialog: directly)
dialog: That is all, Hobson. Thank you.
speaker_heading: HOBSON
dialog: (exiting o.s.)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: WE DOLLY INTO GROUP as Hobson leaves. Sir Charles looks at
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (bursting out)
dialog: Father, darling - don't look that
dialog: way -!
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (gently)
dialog: My dear - I forbid you to see that
dialog: man again...
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: I'll disobey you, Father... why I
dialog: won't even have to disobey you!
dialog: Harry will come to me. Don't make a
dialog: scene out of this. You know there
dialog: must be a reason why he wasn't
dialog: here -!
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Sir Charles - if you'll excuse me -
dialog: it's late and I rather think I'd
dialog: better -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: 241 CONTINUED: (2) 241
dialog: 242
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: John - don't - we've nothing to hide
dialog: from you - from anybody. You're
dialog: Harry's friend - and mine -!
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (almost shouting)
dialog: Beatrix -!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (her chin up)
dialog: Yes -?
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: Please go to your room!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Father, I -!
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: You spoke yesterday of safeguarding
dialog: your happiness. You must admit you've
dialog: failed in that tonight. Now it's up
dialog: to me. Go to your room!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (after a tense pause)
dialog: Very well, Father. But, tomorrow,
dialog: Harry will have an explanation. I
dialog: know that. And then I might be forced
dialog: to hurt you - very deeply....
text: With this, she turns, as WE PAN HER toward the stairs, and
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. HALL - LANYON'S HOUSE 242
text: Lanyon is just letting himself in with his key. Briggs, his
text: man, hurries in from the back of the house.
speaker_heading: BRIGGS
dialog: Oh, yes sir -
text: (as he takes Lanyon's
text: hat, he picks up an
dialog: envelope from the
dialog: console)
text: There was a ring at the door a short
dialog: while ago, sir. I answered but there
dialog: was nobody there. I found this
dialog: envelope had been pushed under....
text: Lanyon takes it quickly, opens it. Two keys are inside, with
dialog: a note.
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: 243. CLOSE SHOT - LETTER - IN LANYON'S HAND JOHN - 243
dialog: I am in frightful trouble. I beg you to do what I ask.
dialog: Enclosed is the key to my laboratory, and one to the cabinet
dialog: marked D. Go there at once and get the vials marked AMS
dialog: and Z and bring them to your house. Remain there alone. At
dialog: midnight a man will call for the package. Give it to him. In
dialog: the name of Heaven - don't fail me.
dialog: Harry.
text: 244 BACK TO LANYON AND BRIGGS 244
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (after a second's
dialog: thought - taking hat
dialog: from Briggs)
dialog: I'm going out again.
speaker_heading: BRIGGS
dialog: (following him to the
dialog: door)
dialog: Very good, sir.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (at door)
dialog: And, oh yes - I won't need you any
dialog: more tonight, Briggs. You may retire.
speaker_heading: BRIGGS
dialog: (as Lanyon goes out)
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 245 CLOSE SHOT - CABINET D - INT. JEKYLL'S LAB 245
text: WE PULL BACK just as Lanyon's hand is inserting the key.
text: Poole is standing by him, puzsled by his mysterious attitude.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Is Dr. Jekyll at the hospital? I
dialog: could fetch him whatever he wishes,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: No...
dialog: (he selects from an
dialog: array of vials those
dialog: marked A, M, S, Z -
text: looks at them puzzled -
dialog: them to Poole)
dialog: You don't happen to know, I suppose -
dialog: what Dr. Jekyll uses any of these
dialog: vials for?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 245
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (loyally)
dialog: I'm sure it's for some of his recent
dialog: experiments, sir.
text: Lanyon finds an empty vial case, starts putting in vials, as
dialog: we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - EXT. LANYON'S HOUSE 246
text: He is just about to turn into the walk leading up to the
text: front door when Hyde jumps out from behind the shadow of a
text: bush. Lanyon steps back, startled. He holds vial case under
dialog: his cloak.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Well, well - have you got it?
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (gripping his stick)
dialog: I beg your pardon. What were you
dialog: doing hiding behind that -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (in feeble grin of
dialog: explanation)
dialog: Just - just waiting for you, Dr.
dialog: Lanyon. I'm the man from Dr. Jekyll -
dialog: the package -
dialog: (then more like a
dialog: dope fiend)
dialog: Where is it? I'll take it now.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
text: Step into the house for a moment,
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: No, no - there isn't time - there -!
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (rather severely)
dialog: As Jekyll's friend, I have the right
dialog: to ask you a few questions. Come,
dialog: sir!
text: He starts on up the walk. Hyde looks after him wildly, as
text: though he would like to kill him. Then he follows him. As
dialog: they reach the door, we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 247
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - INT. LANYON'S STUDY - HYDE AND LANYON 247
text: Lanyon has just removed his cape and hat in the hall. Hyde
text: eyes the vial case anxiously, as they walk into the study
text: and Lanyon goes behind his desk. He turns the lamp on the
text: desk higher. Hyde keeps his cape on, hat in hand.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (as they walk, gruff)
dialog: Now come, Lanyon - let's not waste
text: time with a lot of prying questions.
dialog: Give me the -
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (turning quickly)
dialog: I resent your attitude, sir. You
dialog: haven't even introduced yourself.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (impatiently, twitching)
dialog: Hyde's the name. Mr. Hyde. But what
dialog: difference does -?
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Are you an acquaintance of Jekyll?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Of course. I'ma friend - an old
dialog: friend.
dialog: (reaching out his
text: hand, his voice rising)
dialog: But if you even pretend to be his
dialog: friend you'll forego your asinine
dialog: amenities and let me have that before -
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Where is Dr. Jekyll?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (getting more and
dialog: more impatient)
dialog: Oh, don't worry - he's alive - he -
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: What's the matter? Is he ill? Is -
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: He'll be perfectly all right, I tell
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (opening drawer in
dialog: desk)
dialog: Very well, then. I'll go with you
dialog: and see for myself..
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: 247 CONTINUED: 247
text: As he reaches in drawer, he takes his eyes off Hyde for a
text: second. The latter leaps across and grabs the vial case from
text: Lanyon's hand.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (as he does so; with
dialog: a snarl)
dialog: You pretentious fool -!
text: But his expression changes as Lanyon whips a revolver out of
text: the drawer and covers him.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: I warn you, Hyde. If you make one
dialog: step toward the door I'll shoot you
text: right between the eyes.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (getting a trapped
dialog: feeling)
dialog: Now wait a moment, Lanyon - I can't
dialog: let you come with me - and I can't
dialog: tell you any more than I've already -
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Because - well -
dialog: (then shouting)
dialog: I warn you not to stick your nose
dialog: into this! You better let me go,
dialog: Lanyon! You can ask Jekyll all about
dialog: it tomorrow if you want to!
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: You'll take me to Harry Jekyll this
dialog: minute!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (screaming his
dialog: impotence)
dialog: For the last time, Lanyon - let me
dialog: out of here - alone!
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: For the last time - no!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: (wildly)
dialog: All right then! Let it be on your
dialog: own head!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 247
text: With a wild laugh, he takes out the vials and starts mixing
text: them. Lanyon watches this, puzzled, thinking him completely
text: mad. When the potion is all mixed, Hyde picks up the glass
text: and faces Lanyon. The potion boils and steams a little.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Once more - will you let me take
dialog: this glass and leave?
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (tense, still with
dialog: revolver )
dialog: No. This will be seen through to the
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: You'd better think again, Lanyon. Do
dialog: you want to live on as you have...
dialog: lulled in your blissful cocoon of
dialog: ignorance? Or do you want that safe
dialog: peace of mind - your reason even -
text: blasted by a sight that would shock
dialog: the lowest fiend in the Inferno?
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (getting an awful
dialog: feeling, but game)
dialog: You can't persuade me with all that
dialog: mad babbling! Whatever you're going
dialog: to do - get on with it!
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Very well, Lanyon. But remember your
dialog: vows to your profession. You'll see
dialog: a secret you are sworn not to
dialog: reveal...you who have sneered at the
dialog: powers of science - you who have
dialog: laughed at man's ability to dissect
dialog: his own soul! Watch this, you pompous
dialog: ass! Watch this!
text: HE HOLDS THE GLASS HIGH... 248
text: ...then drains it. Immediately he goes into his gasping
text: contortions, falls back into a chair. As the metamorphosis
text: from Hyde to Jekyll takes place, Lanyon watches it in horror.
text: With a final gasp, Jekyll finally leans back in his chair,
dialog: exhausted.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - ROOM - TABLEAU - WEIRD LIGHT 249
text: As Lanyon stands watching, transfixed, the gun falling to
dialog: the desk.
scene_heading: 250 CLOSE SHOT - LANYON
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
text: As he sinks into chair, opposite Jekyll.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Horrible...
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL
text: He looks at Lanyon o.s., in mute appeal for a moment.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (finally)
dialog: I warned you, John - even as Hyde, I
dialog: warned you...
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - LANYON AND JEKYLL
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: You - you mean those experiments -
dialog: they -?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Yes, John...
dialog: 131.
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
text: Lanyon gets up and starts pacing nervously, as Jekyll watches
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: It's sheer horror... I can't believe
dialog: it...
text: (stops in front of
dialog: Jekyll)
dialog: You see what you've done, don't you.
dialog: You've gone beyond - you've tampered
dialog: with - you've committed the supreme
dialog: blasphemy!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (in great anguish
dialog: from here on)
dialog: I know - I know...
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: You must destroy the formula, do you
dialog: hear?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I've done that.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: But you must destroy it from your
dialog: mind! You must never take it again!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 252 CONTINUED:
dialog: He stops,
dialog: 132.
dialog: 252
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: know - but this evening - on my way
dialog: to - on my way to Sir Charles'...
dialog: you see, I always thought I could
dialog: control it, John - but this evening -
dialog: the change - the change to this -
dialog: this monster Hyde - happened without
dialog: anything - without -
text: unable to go on, covers his face with his hands.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (in awe) I)
dialog: T's diabolical...
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: And it might happen again -
text: (lifts his face to
dialog: Lanyon, and pounds
text: chair arm with his
dialog: fist)
dialog: But I'll fight it! I'm going to fight
dialog: it -!
text: (then stops with a
dialog: sudden remembrance,
dialog: his face growing
dialog: blank with a new
dialog: horror)
dialog: Oh -!
text: He rises suddenly, walks across the room.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (watching him)
dialog: What -?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I'm a murderer, John. A murderer!
dialog: (looking about wildly)
dialog: I who wanted to serve the living!
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: You mean you actually -?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Yes! Tonight! There was a girl - a
dialog: poor beaten girl that I - that he
dialog: knew... and I went to her - and choked
dialog: her to death -
dialog: (incredulously looking
dialog: at his hands)
dialog: - choked out her life with these -
dialog: no, not with these hands - not with
dialog: these hands -!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 255
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 252
text: He sinks down into a chair again, covering his face, trying
text: to keep from hysteria. Lanyon walks to the fireplace, looks
text: into the flames.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: Harry - Man cannot flaunt the Divinity
dialog: of Man without being eternally
dialog: damned...
dialog: (turns to Jekyll,
dialog: with quiet abruptness)
dialog: - what about Beatrix? Have you thought
dialog: of her?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
text: (he looks up slowly,
dialog: in a dull voice)
dialog: I'll have to give her up, of course...
dialog: (then, his hysteria
dialog: mounting)
dialog: I've known it all along - I'll have
dialog: to face it now - now when I need her
dialog: most - but I'll give her up! I promise
dialog: I will!
dialog: (now dropping to hoarse
dialog: pleading)
dialog: But John, after that I'll need more
dialog: help than ever. You can help me. You
dialog: must help me! I must win over this
dialog: thing! I must -
text: He stops as he realizes that Lanyon is looking at him with a
text: mixture of unrolenting condemnation and pity. He realizes he
text: is up against the inovitable. He chokes, buries his face in
dialog: his hands again, as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: UPPER HALL - JEKYLL'S HOUSE - NEXT MORNING 253
text: Poole comes up the steps, carrying a morning paper and a
text: tray of tea. As he walks, he reads the paper, uttering
text: clucking noises and shaking his head. We PAN HIM to Jekyll's
text: bedroom door. He opens it.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. JEKYLL'S BEDROOM 254
text: Jekyll, in his dressing gown, is leaning against the window,
text: looking out as Poole enters. The bed is turned down but not
dialog: slept in.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - POOLE 255
text: As he enters, he looks at Jekyll o.s., and then at bed o.s.
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: 259
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
dialog: 134.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BED - POOLE'S ANGLE 256
dialog: It is just as he turned it down last night.
text: BACK TO POOLE 257
text: He looks from the bed to Jekyll o.s.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL 258
text: He feels Poole's hesitancy.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (worn and haggard
dialog: looking)
dialog: Just put the tray down, Poole.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - POOLE - WITH TRAY 259
text: He walks over to the bedside table.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (puts paper down with
dialog: tray)
dialog: I don't know what things are coming
dialog: to, sir. If you'll forgive me - there
dialog: was the most ghastly murder in Diadem
dialog: Court last evening. A poor girl was -
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - ROOM 260
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (suddenly shouting) P)
dialog: Oole! Will you get out?
speaker_heading: POOL
dialog: (shocked and puzzled)
dialog: Oh, yes sir. Very good, sir.
text: Poole retires, yet stopping to look back at Jekyll with a
text: worried look. When Poole has gone, Jekyll's eye goes to the
text: paper. He can't help himself. He goes over and picks it up.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HEADLINE AND STORY - IN JEKYLL'S HAND 261
text: GIRL MURDERED BY MONSTER Witnesses Tell of Beast Last evening
text: a man known only as "Hyde" and "an evil monster" by tenants
dialog: at --
scene_heading: BACK TO JEKYLL 262
text: He throws the paper from him. He sits down on the bed, grabs
text: the post, and raises his gaze upwards. He is in lonely
dialog: anguish.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 262
speaker_heading: 263
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 262
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: _ (praying) —
dialog: This I did not intend. I thought I
dialog: was serving You. I saw a light - but
dialog: I did not realize it led only to
dialog: Darkness. Forgive me. Help me to -
text: He cannot go on, knowing he has lost the right even to ask
text: for help. His eyes close, and he leans his head against the
dialog: post, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - JEKYLL - EXT. SIR CHARLES' HOUSE - NIGHT 263
text: He comes hesitantly along the walk, stick in hand, the lights
text: from the house illuminating his drawn and agonized expression.
text: His pace slackens as he turns in through the grilled iron
text: gate as WE PAN and he walks toward the front door in the
dialog: b.g.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - EXT. FRONT DOOR 264
text: He can hardly bring himself to pull the bell plunger. Suddenly
text: he is aware of the dim sound of a piano o.s. He realizes
text: that Beatrix is playing. WE PAN HIM as he walks down the
text: front of the house to the end of the "side" garden.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - FORMAL SIDE GARDEN 265
text: Jekyll comes around the corner of the house and walks across
text: a small flagged veranda which leads from French windows of
text: the drawing room to the flower garden. The garden centers
text: about a small fountain and is set off with flower-bed patterns
text: and marble benches.
scene_heading: 266 CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - EXT. FRENCH DOORS 266
text: He peers through them in the b.g. We see Beatrix playing the
text: piano, a sad and worried expression on her face. Back of
text: her, and to one side, Sir Charles nods in a chair over a
dialog: paper.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JEKYLL - REVERSE ANGLE 267
text: We are on his tortured countenance for a second as he looks
text: o.s. at Beatrix. He half raises his hand as though to call
text: her attention by the movement.
dialog: 136.
scene_heading: 268 FULL SHOT - BEATRIX - OVER JEKYLL'S SHOULDER THROUGH FRENCH 268
speaker_heading: DOORS
text: She suddenly sees him. She falters in her playing for a
text: second. Jekyll puts his finger to his lips. She continues
text: playing and finishes her piece very softly, watching Sir
text: Charles over her shoulder, who by now is quite asleep. Then
text: she gets up and hurries as quickly as possible without making
text: any noise to the French doors, opens them, and comes out to
text: Jekyll, closing the doors quietly.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (seeing his strained
dialog: look)
dialog: Harry - dearest -
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (nodding toward garden)
dialog: Will you come out - where we can
dialog: talk?
text: She gives him a worried look, and then precedes him out into
dialog: the garden.
scene_heading: 269 MED. SHOT - BEATRIX AND JEKYLL 269
text: As they come into SCENE, near a marble bench. He is greatly
text: agitated. He doesn't know where to begin. Beatrix sits down
text: on the bench. She indicates the place beside her.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Sit down, darling - what's happened?
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Jekyll sits down, staring at the ground, wringing his hands.
text: For a moment, there is silence between them.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (bursting out suddenly)
dialog: Bee -- I - I've been thinking --
dialog: about us. I think your father's been
dialog: right all along....
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I - I don't think we should ever
dialog: marry, that's all. I - I realized
dialog: it, last night. And - and I think
dialog: you ought to break it off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 269 CONTINUED:
dialog: 137.
speaker_heading: 269
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (slowly, unable to
dialog: believe)
dialog: What are you trying to tell me, Harry?
dialog: You don't know what you're saying...
dialog: look at me -!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (his face averted)
dialog: Really, Bee --
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (pulling his shoulders
dialog: around)
dialog: Look at me, darling -!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I mean - no matter how perfect things
dialog: seem at first - people make mistakes,
dialog: sometimes.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (tears welling in her
dialog: eyes)
dialog: But, Harry...
dialog: (then, with the
dialog: horrible thought)
dialog: Oh... I see. You don't want me. You
dialog: don't love me any more. Is that it?
dialog: (stifling a sob)
dialog: Are you telling me you don't want
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (wildly, breaking)
dialog: Want you? I love you and want you
dialog: more than --
dialog: (rises quickly, walks
dialog: away )
dialog: But I'm giving you up, do you hear?
dialog: I'm not worth even the sound of your
dialog: name!
text: Beatrix gets up and hurries to him as WE PAN.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Oh, my darling - what's wrong? Tell
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I've no right to you - I've thrown
dialog: it away!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: Nothing's done that can't be --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 269 CONTINUED:
dialog: 138.
dialog: (2) 269
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: But it's done! I've destroyed paradise -
dialog: Our paradise -
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (the mother now)
dialog: Oh - you are ill - tell me what's
dialog: really wrong! Don't keep it pent up
dialog: inside. You've always said we could
dialog: discuss anything between us.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: There are things you can't voice in
dialog: Heaven. Just believe me...
dialog: (turning his back to
dialog: her)
dialog: You're giving me up, do you hear? Go -
dialog: go inside - now - while I can't see
dialog: you -!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (turning him half to
dialog: her)
dialog: Darling - it's all right. Just take
dialog: me in your arms.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: Oh, don't my angel! Angel - Angel of
dialog: Heaven, don't say any more -!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (putting her arms
dialog: around him)
dialog: There - there, darling - hold me
dialog: close. Don't think of anything - of
dialog: whatever it is - just hold me a
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (pulling her hand
dialog: from him)
dialog: No! No - I can't! I'd give my soul
dialog: to -- but I have no soul!
text: (he clenches his fist
text: and covers his face
dialog: with the other hand,
dialog: bowing his head)
dialog: I'm like -
dialog: (he pauses, searching
dialog: for the word)
dialog: - like the living dead...!
text: Beatrix now enfolds him in her arms again. His head rests on
text: her shoulder. His arms go around her, weakened for a moment
text: in his anguish.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: 269 CONTINUED: (3) 269
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (soothingly)
dialog: Oh, my poor dear suffering love. Be
dialog: quiet... s-s-h-don't say any more.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Oh, Bee - my darling -!
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Rest now... rest...
text: They are quiet for a second. Then Jekyll lifts his head
text: quickly and starts as if to leave.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (trying to hold him,
dialog: panicky)
dialog: I won't let you go. You love me - I
dialog: won't let you go.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (his voice rising)
dialog: That's why I'm giving you up! Because
dialog: I'll love you till the end of time!
dialog: (raising his gaze
text: aloft, as he backs
text: away, Beatrix staring
text: after him aghast
dialog: that he is going,
dialog: that she can't hold
dialog: him)
dialog: This is my proof! This is my penance!
text: He turns and walks hurriedly o.s.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (starting after him,
dialog: then stops)
dialog: Harry - come back - Harry --
text: She then breaks into violent sobs, falters, and sinks to the
text: ground, prone.
dialog: 270
speaker_heading: 271
dialog: 140.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - END OF GARDEN 270
text: Jekyll is hurrying toward the CAMERA. In the b.g., Beatrix
text: is sobbing on the ground. WE PAN Jekyll as he comes around
text: the side of the house and stops. 0.s. he hears her sobbing,
text: faintly. He is terribly tempted to go back. He half turns
text: and looks. He cannot stand the sight of what he sees. He
text: leans in weary torture against the side of the house, closing
text: his eyes. Suddenly a look of horror comes over his face. He
text: looks down at his hands. WE PAN DOWN to see his hand starting
text: to change. WE PAN UP to Jekyll's face. He looks down at his
text: other hand. His throat starts to constrict, his face to
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (wildly, looking up)
dialog: Oh - no - no - don't let me - save
dialog: me - don't let me -!
text: But the metamorphosis is well on its way.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BEATRIX 271
text: She still lies on the ground, sobbing. Then, Jekyll's feet
text: and legs appear slowly in the SCENE. They stand right next
text: to her. She is aware of them. With a little sob, she half
text: rises, reaches out and enfolds the legs, pressing her cheek
text: against the knees.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: Oh, you did come back... Oh, my
dialog: darling....
text: For answer there is an ugly chuckle o.s. Hyde's hands come
text: down into the frame and clutch her arms. Beatrix in
text: puzzlement, and then in dawning horror reacts to the chuckle
text: and the hands. In almost the same moment, Hyde lifts her up
text: and she is face to face with him. For a second, she is frozen
text: with fright, then screams as Hyde's face bends towards hers.
speaker_heading: BEATRIX
dialog: (after her scream)
dialog: Father! Father..!
text: Hyde laughs wildly and starts to struggle with Beatrix.
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: 273
speaker_heading: 274
dialog: 275
dialog: 141.
scene_heading: FULL PAN SHOT - SIR CHARLES 272
text: He is coming out of the drawing room on a dead run. WE PAN
text: HIM over to Beatrix and Hyde. Hyde drops Beatrix who faints
text: and slips to the ground. Sir Charles makes a gallant lunge
text: at Hyde, but Hyde sends him reeling against the wall. Then
text: with a wild animal laugh he leaps for his hat and stick. Sir
text: Charles, however, recovers in time to intercept his progress
text: around the fountain.
speaker_heading: SIR CHARLES
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Help! Hobson - call the police!
dialog: Help -!
text: Hyde raises his stick and lays it across Sir Charles' head.
text: Sir Charles stumbles back and falls to the ground. Hyde leaps
text: on top of him like a panther, and bashes the stick against
text: Sir Charles' head three or four times in rapid succession.
text: The stick breaks with a final sickening blow. In the b.g.
text: Hobson and a footman come hurrying from the drawing room.
speaker_heading: FOOTMAN
dialog: Here - what's going on -!
text: They spy Hyde and come after him. Hyde gets up and WE PAN
text: HIM the length of the garden on the run. Hobson kneels beside
text: Sir Charles' prostrate body as the footman gives chase after
text: Hyde around the corner of the house.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - FRONT GATE 273
text: Hyde comes running from the garden. He stops for a second
text: and looks up the street.
scene_heading: EFFECT SHOT - JEKYLL'S ANGLE 274
text: A constable comes around the corner on the run, dimly
text: discernible under a gas light.
dialog: BACK TO HYDE 275
text: He runs o.s. down the street in the opposite direction just
text: as the footman appears and the constable comes running up.
speaker_heading: FOOTMAN
dialog: (pointing in direction
dialog: of Hyde)
dialog: There he goes! It's the monster!
text: The constable runs o.s. after Hyde, blowing his whistle.
speaker_heading: 276
speaker_heading: 277
dialog: 278
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 280
speaker_heading: 281
dialog: 282
speaker_heading: 283
dialog: 142.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - MEWS 276
text: Hyde comes tearing down in toward camera. In a second, the
text: constable appears after him. Another man or two, passers-by
text: at the far entrance, take up the chase. Hyde leaps over a
text: fence. When the constable arrives at fence, he blows his
dialog: whistle again.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - ANOTHER CONSTABLE - AT CORNER 277
text: He reacts to distant whistle, runs for it o.s.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - HYDE - ANOTHER STREET 278
text: He runs past camera into b.g. A small group of idlers are
text: standing at the corner. They block his progress and he bowls
text: through them, knocking a couple down. Ad 1ib yells of surprise
dialog: and anger.
scene_heading: REVERSE SHOT - STREET 279
text: The two constables come in chase, followed by more people.
speaker_heading: 1ST CONSTABLE
dialog: Stop that man!
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - AT CORNER 280
text: As constables come running up.
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: That way, constable!
text: WE PAN AND PICK UP Hyde, his cape flying, leaping down the
text: street in the b.g. The rest give chase.
scene_heading: FULL PAN SHOT - HYDE - JEKYLL'S STREET 281
text: He comes flying along and darts up the walk to the house.
text: O.s. comes the sound of the constable's whistle.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE - AT JEKYLL'S FRONT DOOR 282
text: He runs up the steps, vaults the balustrade and hurls his
text: body sidewise through the waiting-room window at the side of
dialog: the door.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. WAITING-ROOM 283
text: Hyde lands sprawling amidst the shattered glass. He scrambles
text: up and leaps out into the foyer.
speaker_heading: 284
dialog: 285
dialog: 286
speaker_heading: 287
dialog: 288
speaker_heading: 289
dialog: 290
dialog: 143.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. FOYER - JEKYLL'S HOUSE 284
text: Hyde enters. Poole comes in from past camera.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (recognizing Hyde)
dialog: Here, here - how did -?
text: But he gets no further as Hyde, with a roar, bowls him aside
text: and ducks out the back door toward the lab. Poole hurries to
text: the door, opens it. 0.s. we hear crowd noises and whistles.
scene_heading: PAN EFFECT SHOT - HYDE 285
text: As he leaps across the bridge in the back courtyard to
dialog: Jekyll's laboratory.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. SMALL HALL - INT. LAB BUILDING 286
text: Hyde comes through door from courtyard, closes door, locks
text: it. Then he goes to door of lab, opens it, ducks inside, and
dialog: we hear him lock this door.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD 287
text: Poole and the constables come running across the bridge.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: He's gone into the laboratory!
text: WE PAN THEM to the first door. They find it locked.
speaker_heading: 1ST CONSTABLE
dialog: (putting shoulder to
dialog: door)
dialog: Heave, Bill!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE - INT. LAB 288
text: He is frantically looking for various vials to mix the potion.
text: He upsets and breaks things in his fury.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - EXT. GARDEN - SIR CHARLES' HOME 289
text: A constable, the footman, Hobson and Lanyon are leaning over
text: Sir Charles' body. Lanyon is shaking his head woefully. The
text: constable shows Lanyon half of a stick.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BROKEN STICK WITH ITS SILVER HEAD 290
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: This is the weapon what done it,
dialog: Doctor.
speaker_heading: 291
dialog: 292
speaker_heading: 293
speaker_heading: 294
dialog: 295
speaker_heading: 296
dialog: 144,
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT AGAIN 291
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (taking stick, then
dialog: after a second)
dialog: Yes... I was afraid so.
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Come - I think I can take you to
dialog: your man.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAB 292
text: Hyde is feverishly mixing the potion, having to make some of
dialog: its ingredients not already prepared. O.s., there is a crash
text: of door bursting. Then hammering on the laboratory door.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - INT. HALL OF LAB 293
text: The courtyard door is down. The constables and Poole are
text: hammering at the door of the lab.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE - INT. LAB 294
text: In his haste, he knocks over a large glass jar. It crashes.
scene_heading: BACK TO CONSTABLES AND POOLE - HALL 295
speaker_heading: 1ST CONSTABLE
dialog: (suddenly listening)
dialog: He's in there! Open up!
dialog: (then, as just silence
dialog: comes)
dialog: Come on, Bill!
text: Bill has run in with a crow-bar, and after two or three tries,
text: they break the door down.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - POOLE AND CONSTABLES - INT. LAB 296
text: They come running down the stairs. As WE PAN WE PICK UP Jekyll
text: who is just staggering to his feet from the floor.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Dr. Jekyll, sir! That frightful maniac
dialog: broke through the house and -
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I know. He struck me over the head.
dialog: (indicating, to
dialog: constable)
dialog: Quick, man! He went out by the back!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 145.
speaker_heading: 296 CONTINUED: 296
text: The constables hurry to the back door, o.s.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: I didn't even know you were home,
dialog: sir. Are you badly hurt?
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: I'll - I'll be all right.
text: The two constables come from the back door.
speaker_heading: 1ST CONSTABLE
dialog: (to Jekyll)
dialog: This here door's locked.
speaker_heading: JEKYLL
dialog: (impatiently, pointing
dialog: up stairs)
dialog: Then you better get round through
dialog: the front!
text: The two constables leap up the stairs, just as Lanyon, another
text: constable and an inspector in plain clothes come hurrying
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (looking at Jekyll
dialog: below)
dialog: Wait!
speaker_heading: 1ST CONSTABLE
dialog: (explaining)
text: He ducked through the back and locked
dialog: the door after him!
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (in great strain)
dialog: No, he didn't! He's still down here.
text: They watch him, amazed, and follow down the steps to the lab
text: proper. He approaches Jekyll. Jekyll looks at him, tired,
text: wan. There are tears in Jekyll's eyes as he waits for the
text: word by Lanyon. Lanyon, too, is greatly affected. He seems
text: as though he can't say the word.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (finally gathers
dialog: himself - pointing
dialog: to Jekyll)
dialog: There - Heaven help him.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Dr. Lanyon -!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 296
speaker_heading: 297
speaker_heading: 298
speaker_heading: 299
dialog: 300
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 146.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 296
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: (Puzzled)
dialog: I know this gentleman. He's Dr.
dialog: Jekyll.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (tears in his eyes
dialog: now)
dialog: I know. Nevertheless, there's your
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: You can't be serious, Dr. Lanyon. I -
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (suddenly pointing)
dialog: Watch -!
text: For Jekyll has already started to turn back to Hyde again.
text: They all watch him in awe and horror as he goes through the
dialog: metamorphosis.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - POOLE 297
text: He backs away slowly.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CONSTABLES AND INSPECTOR 298
text: Their jaws are dropping.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LANYON 299
text: He looks away. He cannot stand it.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE 300
text: For he is now almost completely Hyde. He comes out of his
text: writhings as such. He looks about at the others, as though
text: he has just seen them for the first time. He is more bestial
dialog: and awful in physique and manner than we have ever seen him
text: in the transformation. With a sudden yell he throws a huge
text: jar at the officers, and ducks around the table. (NOTE: In
text: the following ensuing struggle ad lib commands from the
dialog: inspector should come at the proper time: "Grab him - hold
dialog: him - don't let him get up those stairs - guard that door"....
text: etc.) Hyde practically wrecks the lab in eluding his pursuers.
text: He knocks them this way and that. He leaps across tables -
text: up on shelves, pulling them down. He growls and snarls and
text: laughs in glee every time he eludes them.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LANYON AND INSPECTOR 301
text: This during middle of fight. Lanyon sees the gun in the
text: inspector's hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 147.
speaker_heading: 301 CONTINUED: 301
dialog: 302
speaker_heading: 303
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Shoot him, inspector - shoot him!
dialog: That would be his wish!
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: (grimly )
dialog: Must take him if we can!
dialog: (darting o.s.)
dialog: Hold him now!
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - GROUP 302
text: The constables seem just about to have Hyde cornered, when
text: with another wild leap, he gets to a set of surgical
text: instruments, and pulls out a large knife. With another yell,
text: he makes a leap for freedom, brandishing his weapon. As he
text: gets by the large apparatus on the table, the inspector lets
text: him have it with the revolver. Hyde wheels, drops across the
text: table, shattering some of the apparatus. They start crowding
text: around him in silent awe, Poole crying with audible sobs.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (like a plea)
dialog: Dr. Jekyll... Dr. Jekyll..... !
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HYDE'S HEAD - PROFILE 303
text: There is a strange light on it. As if in answer to Poole's
text: plea, the face starts slowly and mystically changing back to
text: that of the handsome Jekyll - a face peaceful in death - as
dialog: if in death - without struggle or torture - Jekyll was
text: restored to himself for Eternity. WE PULL BACK SLOWLY for a
text: tableau.
speaker_heading: DR. LANYON
dialog: (line to come)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
