scene_heading: "DRAGONHEART"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Charles Edward Pogue
dialog: Revised: April 4, 1994
scene_heading: "DRAGONHEART"™
dialog: by
dialog: Charles Edward Pogue
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. STONE RUIN - DAY
text: A SWORD flashes in the sunlight as it whirls down on...
text: SIR BOWEN...a ruggedly handsome knight who catches the blade
text: on his own, just inches from his face, and smiles through the
text: crossed swords, eyes gleaming like the sunlit steel.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Not bad!
text: He disengages his blade with swift flare and, in a dazzling
text: series of sallies, forces his OPPONENT back.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: But not good enough to...
text: The opponent, BACK TO CAMERA, is shoved to the ground,
text: Bowen's sword tip at his throat.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: «+-to live!
text: Bowen grins down at...
text: PRINCE EINON...a fourteen year old boy, his face flush from
text: exertion. Emblazoned on his surcote is a DRAGON'S HEAD
text: impaled on a sword. A HERALDIC COAT-OF-ARMS.
text: Suddenly, Einon kicks Bowen's blade aside with his boot,
text: rolls, and springs up, lunging at the knight. Again, Bowen
text: deflects the blade by inches. Smiling. Pleased.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Better!
text: Einon is also pleased. He smiles at Bowen's praise and lets
text: down his guard. Just slightly. But enough. With a nimble
text: parry, Bowen blade arcs down, striking the startled boy...but
text: only with the flat of the blade on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: But you'd still be dead!
text: Einon reels back and, with a snarl, charges wildly at Bowen
text: who, laughing, leaps upon a crumbling piece of stone, easily
text: deflecting or ducking the violent but clumsy blows.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Purpose, not passion, Einon! Fight with
dialog: your head, not your heart!
text: He punctuates each maxim with a slap of his sword flat,
text: obviously toying with the boy.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: Nerve cold-blue, blade blood-red.
text: Einon slices wickedly at Bowen's legs. Bowen leaps up as the
text: blade swishes harmlessly under him. But as he lands, the
text: edge of the stone crumbles beneath the heel of his boot. He
text: teeters, then tumbles off the rock, out of sight behind it.
text: Einon's savage fighting demeanour slides into a shocked gasp
dialog: of concern.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Sir Bowen?
text: He scrambles over the stone to find Bowen sprawled out on the
text: ground, apparently unconscious. As Einon leans down to
text: examine him, he's suddenly distracted by HOOFBEATS. He
text: whirls to the sound as...
text: RIDERS...gallop toward them. As Einon squints in the sun to
text: identify them, A FIGURE towers up behind him and a sword
text: glints at his throat. Bowen leers over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Dead again, Prince! How many times must
dialog: I tell you?
speaker_heading: BOWEN & EINON
dialog: (reciting together)
dialog: Only expose your back to a corpse!
text: But the fencing lesson is over. Einon points to the riders,
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: It's happened.
text: Bowen scowls as Three Riders approach, led by A MASSIVE BRUTE
text: OF A KNIGHT...SIR BROK...Einon knows why he's come.
speaker_heading: EINON
text: The peasants are revolting.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: (grins)
dialog: They've always been revolting, Prince.
dialog: Smell one sometime. But now they're
text: rebelling.
dialog: (to Bowen)
dialog: King Freyne would have his son witness
dialog: his noble victory.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (contemptuous1ly)
text: Noble...? Crushing desperate, frightened
dialog: men...?
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: (sharply)
text: Traitorous scum! The King commands.
dialog: Bring him. You can watch too, nursemaid.
text: He whips his horse and rides off with the others. Bowen
text: turns to get his and Einon's horses. . Einon is disappointed
text: that Bowen allowed Brok's insult to go unchallenged.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Why do you let him insult you like that?
dialog: You, a Knight of the Old Code! You're
dialog: not afraid of him!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Nor his opinions. I expect no less.
dialog: (distaste)
dialog: He's the king's man.
text: Einon registers Bowen's contempt for the king with an uneasy
text: scowl, but as Bowen turns to hand him his reins, the boy
text: beams affectionately at him.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: When I am king, you will be my man,
dialog: Bowen.
text: Bowen claps him warmly on the shoulder and helps the prince
text: into the saddle.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I am already your man, my prince.
text: He swings into the saddle and, as the two ride after Brok,
text: CAMERA PANS TO THE GALLOPING HOOVES.
scene_heading: EXT, KARA'S VILLAGE - FIELD - DAY
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK FROM MANY MORE GALLOPING HOOVES TO REVEAL:
text: A TROOP OF MOUNTED, ARMOURED KNIGHTS...as they ride out of
text: the smoke and dust of battle. At their head is...
text: KING FREYNE...sword aloft. Visor raised. Eyes hard and
text: hateful. On his helmet glints a GOLD CIRCLET. A CROWN.
text: Emblazoned on his surcote is the same DRAGON’S HEAD impaled
text: on a sword we saw on Einon's surcote.
text: He rides through the carnage of a 10th CENTURY BATTLE,
text: leading mounted SOLDIERS against a RABBLE OF PEASANTS.
text: Slashing with mad glee, Freyne mows down men armed only with
text: crude farm implements. It is slaughter as the rebels are
text: driven back through their own crude lines of defense...over-
text: turned carts, ditches, an earthen bulwark. None of which
text: impede Freyne's onslaught.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - HILLOCK - DAY
text: Bowen and Einon sit their horses on a hillock behind the
text: lines watching the carnage. Bowen is disgusted, Einon
dialog: fascinated.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I wish we were down there.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: You don't.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Ido. Just to see you in action, Bowen.
dialog: Yours would be the finest blade on the
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Too fine to foul with your father's
dialog: slaughter.
text: In a quiet, hurt tone, Einon gently reminds Bowen of good
dialog: manners and protocol.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: He is my father, Bowen. And the king.
text: Bowen takes the admonishment with a kind smile.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Yes...But when you are king, remember
dialog: today. Remember the difference between
dialog: battle and butchery. And remember the
dialog: Qld Code. Restore its forgotten glory,
dialog: so that the crown will shine with honour
dialog: once more and never again will men have
dialog: to take up arms against their sovereign.
dialog: Then you will be a greater king than
dialog: your father.
text: Bowen turns to watch the ungallant battle with weary eyes and
text: thus doesn't see the dark glint in Einon's gaze,
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I promise, Bowen, I will be greater. And
dialog: no one will take arms against me...Look!
dialog: Father's breached the village.
text: He points to the king down below, galloping toward the
text: bulwark, cutting down men right and left.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - BATTLE - DAY
text: Freyne descends on a YOUTH -- wearing a BUCKET with one side
text: cut out as a crude helmet -~ who stumbles between two
text: HAYRACKS mounted in a gap in the bulwark.
text: A large meaty paw reaches out and grabs BUCKETHEAD by the
text: jerkin, yanking the youth behind...
text: THE BULWARK...Buckethead flops into a LARGE MUD PUDDLE on the
text: other side. Buckethead's saviour is a RED-BEARDED GIANT,
text: whose unruly mane is bound by a LEATHER HEAD-BAND.
text: Armed with a scythe, Red-beard knocks the sword from Freyne's
text: hand as the king rides in through the breach. Another rebel
text: charges the king with a burning torch, but gets a gauntlet in
text: the face as Freyne punches him and snatches his torch. He
text: whirls his steed back for the bulwark.
text: But Red-beard signals several men at the hayracks, who pull
text: SPIKED WOODEN BREASTWORKS out from under the racks and cut
text: off Freyne's escape route.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - HILLOCK - DAY
text: Bowen and Einon watch from their vantage point as a HORDE OF
text: VILLAGERS chase the trapped Freyne. Freyne zig-zags his
text: horse in and out and under the stilts of SEVERAL RAISED
text: GRAINHOUSES, torching some as he passes. But the peasants
text: are closing in.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: He's trapped!
text: The boy draws his sword and spurs his horse down the hill
dialog: through the melee!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Einon, no!
text: He follows after the boy.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - BATTLE - DAY
text: Bowen closes in on his young charge when he's beset by REBEL
text: WARRIORS. He ducks the savage thrust of a pitchfork and,
text: grabbing the shaft, cracks the WIELDER under the jaw with the
text: blunt end. Another rebel gets clouted by Bowen's boot even
text: as the knight knocks another down with the shaft of the
text: pitchfork. He kills no one. But even as he scatters them,
text: he's lost Einon in the dusty haze of the battle. He shouts.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Einon!
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - BATTLE - ON FREYNE - DAY
text: Red-beard and a MOTLEY BAND OF REBELS close in on Freyne, the
text: king's horse snorts and rears as Freyne whirls his torch,
text: trying to pry an opening through the rebel mass.
text: But they catch him under one of the granaries and pull him
text: from the saddle. Freyne clanks to the ground in a cacophony
text: of armour and chainmail. at the feet of...
text: BUCKETHEAD...who's shoved aside again as Redbeard and the
text: others crowd around the fallen king. Crude weapons rise and
text: fall. Buckethead jerks away, unable to watch.
text: Then it's over as RED-BEARD and the others race to defend
text: their village from Freyne's men who have breach the
text: barricade. Only Buckethead remains, queasily staring at the
text: dead king. A WILD WAIL pierces the battle clamour.
speaker_heading: EINON (0S)
dialog: Father!
text: -Buckethead swiftly clambers up the granary ladder as...
text: EINON...gallops through a veil of smoke over the bulwark.
text: Dismounting, he scrambles to his father, laying a hand to his
text: lifeless breast... and pulling it back with a shudder,
text: covered in blood.
text: Stunned, Einon stares from his hand to his father and
text: then...to the crown...perched atop Freyne's helmet.
text: Trembling, he reaches over the body for it. As he does,
text: Freyne's eyes suddenly FLICKER OPEN AND STARE into Einon's,
text: who hesitates...then snatches the crown off anyway...even as
text: Freyne groans his last and his eyes glaze in deathly
text: admonishment at his heir.
dialog: 
text: As Einon pulls back from his dead father, he holds up the
text: crown. It glints brilliantly in the firelight. Something
text: else also glints. Buckethead's KNIFE as Einon sees the
text: flying body leap off the granary platform down onto him.
text: The impact of their collision sends the boys sprawling across
text: the ground spilling against a breastwork, a jumble of arms
text: and legs. The bucket helmet clatters off as the rebel flops
text: face-down, a cascade of red hair falling toe his shoulders.
text: Einon lurches off the breastwork, grasping a STAKE for
text: support. It is sticky with BLOOD. His blood. It oozes from
text: a gash in his chest, spilling across his ripped dragonhead
dialog: crest.
text: Einon spies the CROWN half-in, half-out of a mud puddle. He
text: weaves toward it on unsteady legs, then sags into the mud,
text: his fingers locking on the circlet. Gasping weakly, he stares
text: glassy-eyed at Buckethead, staggering up.
text: Even unhelmeted, Buckethead's face is A BLUR in Einon's hazy
text: vision. All he sees is flaming hair, blending into the fiery
text: light of a hut burning behind then.
speaker_heading: BOWEN (0S)
dialog: Einon!
text: Einon's vision pops into crystal clear FOCUS as Buckethead
text: whirls to the anguished CRY...and we discover THE BOY IS A
text: GIRL!. Her name is...as we later learn...KARA. She's
text: roughly Einon's age and even the grime of battle cannot hide
text: her beauty, haloed in an aureole of gleaming red hair.
text: As Kara sees Bowen's steed leap over the breastworks and her.
text: Bowen wildly spins the horse toward the fallen Einon, leaning
text: down in the saddle and scooping up his wounded charge.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Bowen!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I'm here, my prince...my king.
text: He whirls his horse back around and, sideswiping, a BARRELL
text: OF MILK, bounds over the barricade once more. Kara dives out
text: of the way, landing near the spilt milk now running into and
text: mixing with the blood of battle.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - BATTLE - ON BOWEN & EINON - DAY
text: Einon slumps back in Bowen's arms as the horse charges
text: through the battlefield.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD CASTLE - ESTABLISHING SHOT - AFTERNOON
text: A WOODEN FORTRESS looms out of the shadow of a mountain.
text: Grimly impressive. Bowen's steed breaks from the forest and
text: races across the plain toward the Fortress gates.
scene_heading: INT. QUEEN'S CHAMBER - OLD CASTLE ~- CLOSE-UP - BLOOD - NIGHT
text: A wounded Brok kneels before AISLINN, the Queen.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: Dead, Madam...King Freyne, your husband,
dialog: slain.
text: She takes the news stoically, staring out the window in
text: impassive resignation. A DOOR slams open. Aislinn spins to
text: the sound. Silhouetted in the light of the open door stands
text: a KNIGHT, A LIMP FORM CRADLED IN HIS ARMS.
text: With a gut-sinking premonition, Aislinn weaves to the door.
text: A single TEAR trickles muddily down Bowen's grimey face as
text: Aislinn gasps at her crumpled son.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Forgive me, my Queen.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: It's not your fault. The cruel excesses
dialog: of his father brought him to this end.
text: She gestures to a bed. Bowen lays him on it.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: The crown...
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: He lives!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: He dies, Madan...
text: Bowen slides the crown off his arm and places it in the boy's
dialog: vhand.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: «+.Beyond all help.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: Not all...
text: Aislinn turns to Bowen...curiously calm even hopeful.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS ON PROMONTORY - LOOKING UP - DUSK
text: The sun sinks behind a promontory as FIGURES trek through the
text: RUINS OF AN OLD CASTLE up the mountain.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS - MOUNTAIN TRAIL - DUSK
text: Aislinn, on horseback, leads Bowen and a body of GUARDS up a
text: mountain path, through the RUINS OF AN ANCIENT ROMAN CASTLE.
text: Brok and the others bear Einon on a hide stretcher supported
text: on spears. Walking his horse, Bowen hovers over the semi-
text: conscious boy who still grips the crown and talks to him.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: A knight is sworn to valour...
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: +«.sworn... to valour...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: His heart knows only virtue...
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: .--virtue...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: His blade defends the helpless. His
dialog: might upholds the weak...
text: Bowen is suddenly distracted by an EERIE MUSICAL TRILLING.
text: Sad and melancholy. It comes from further up the mountain.
text: The others hear it as well. Except for Einon whose mumble
text: drifts to a groan. Bowen shakes him.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You must stay awake, my lord. You must!
dialog: Recite the code...
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: -.-code...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Yes! His might upholds the weak...
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: -.-his...word speaks only truth...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Yes... yes... His wrath...?
speaker_heading: BOWEN & EINON
dialog: (reciting together)
text: His wrath undoes the wicked.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - VISTA SHOT - NIGHT
text: Night has descended. The moon glows a bright scarlet. The
text: party stops before a CAVE, lighting torches. Bowen dismounts
text: and gathers Einon off the stretcher into his arms.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE MOUTH - NIGHT
text: Aislinn takes a torch and starts into the cave. From within
text: echoes the mournful, musical TRILL. Bowen eyes her warily.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I know what place this is. It has the
text: stink of dragon.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
text: Not the Dragon's stench; merely man's
dialog: pollution of him. Come and fear not!
text: Aislinn enters. Bowen, Einon in his arms, hesitantly
text: follows.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE ~ NIGHT
text: Even torchlight cannot dispel the gloom. Their light and
text: shafts of scarlet moonlight, seeping through two holes in the
text: cavern roof, illuminate bubbling mud pits and bones. Steam
text: wreathes through the place. From the cave's recesses comes a
text: faint IRRIDESCENT RIPPLE OF MOVEMENT. And the melancholy
text: TRILL. Toward this Aislinn cautiously, humbly, approaches.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: Lord! Serene One!
text: Her voice echoes. The TRILLING stops. The Guards murmur
text: uneasily. Bowen warily eyes The GLOW. It seems BRIGHTER.
text: Defining an UNCERTAIN SHAPE. Aislinn signals for silence.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: Your song is sad tonight.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: There are no stars in the sky?
text: The VOICE...sad yet strangely soothing... comes from the
text: large, eerie shape shimmering in the shadows. It, too, is
text: large and eerie. Aislinn moves to the glow.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
text: No...only a moon. Blood-red.
text: Bowen eases Einon down. Hovering protectively over him,
text: suspiciously listening, his eye never leaving the creature in
text: the shadows. The peculiar irridescence is the beast's scaly
text: hide that emits a wavering glow as he shifts.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
text: Aislinn. Daughter of Athelstun.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: Yes, Lord, whose people loved you and
dialog: called your kind friend.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Once. Long ago. No more. No longer
text: fickle man's friend. Feared. Forgotten.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: I have not forgotten. I do not fear.
text: Einon sighs. Aislinn kneels beside Bowen to comfort her son,
text: stroking his brow, as the boy feverishly fondles the crown.
text: The Dragon's half~hooded eye glints from the darkness,
text: surveying the prince. The crown caressed in his hands.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Freyne's child.
text: Aislinn desperately whirls on the dragon.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Is this why you come, Draonslayer's wife?
dialog: il
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: Dragonslayer's widow! A bride of
dialog: conquest! My people driven out and
dialog: slaughtered even as yours.
dialog: (kneels)
dialog: Please! He's not his father.
dialog: (points to Bowen)
text: This knight is his mentor. He has taught
dialog: him the Old Code. And I will teach him
dialog: your ways.
text: The dragon's scales brightly ripple. He considers her plea,
text: his baleful eye falling on the boy's bloody breast.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: The wound is deep. You know what you ask?
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: (kneels before him)
dialog: I swear. He will grow in your grace.
dialog: Grow just and good.
text: The dragon's shadowy head inclines toward Einon.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: He must swear. Your sword, knight.
text: Aislinn nods to Bowen. He reluctantly unsheathes it to hand
text: to her, but the Dragon's CLAW emerges from the dark and grips
text: the blade in his talons. Bowen instinctively lets go.
text: The dragon extends the hilt to Einon who stirs and, seeing
text: the shadowy creature above, gasps.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: Fear not, child, he will save you.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: But first, boy, by the cross of the
dialog: sword, swear that your Father's bloodlust
dialog: and tyranny die with him. Swear that you
dialog: will live and rule with mercy. And come
dialog: to me and learn. The Once-ways. Swear!
text: "Swear, swear, swear..." his sibilance echoes through the
text: darkness. Einon clutches the sword to his breast.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I...swear...
text: Einon leans up to kiss the pommel, then suddenly slumps in
text: Bowen's arms. Bowen shakes him.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Einon? Einon! He's dead!
dialog: 12
text: In angry grief, Bowen grabs the sword hilt to wrest it from
text: the Dragon. But as he yanks, the Dragon's TALONS SCRAPE DOWN
text: THE LENGTH OF THE BLADE WITH A WHINING SCREECH, SCORING A
text: GROOVE INTO IT FROM GUARD TO TIP.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Peace, Knight of the Old Code...
text: The Dragon suddenly blows out the torches, immersing them in
text: darkness. Save for the occasional glint of his shimmering
text: scales and his glowing eyes.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: -».And witness the wonders of an even
dialog: more ancient glory.
text: The Dragon releases the sword and places a talon against his
text: breast, IMPALING it in the scales of his hide. As he slices
text: down his chest, a RED GLOW issues from the wound. Not blood,
text: but LIGHT. The dragon reaches into the cut. Sighs. Groans.
text: And captures a PULSATING SCARLET BRILLIANCE in his claw, as
text: the wound closes over.
text: He holds the glowing orb over the boy. Einon's eyelids
text: flutter open. He smiles, as the beast gently reaches down
text: and the glowing redness seeps into Einon's wound.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Half my heart to make you whole. It's
dialog: strength to purify your weakness. Live
dialog: and remember your oath.
text: He pulls his claw back and a THIN SLIVER OF FIRE shoots from
text: the Dragon's nostril along the wound, cauterizing it. But
text: Einon feels no pain. He smiles and his eyelids grow heavy
text: and flutter down. Einon sleeps peacefully. Aislinn gasps a
text: joyous sob and hugs the sleeping boy. Bowen is dumbfounded.
text: Once more FLAME sprays from the Dragon, relighting the
text: terches, Aislinn rises and bows to the Dragon. She turns,
text: Bowen lifts Einon up in his arms, and, with their entourage,
text: they turn to leave. Bowen hesitates and turns to the dragon.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I've served the father only for the sake
dialog: of the son. In him go all the hopes of my
dialog: heart. Forgive a doubting fool. Call
dialog: when you've need of me, ask what you will
dialog: of me. My sword and service are yours.
text: The dragon has faded into the darkness. Only an occasional
text: shiny scale flickers.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Only remind him always of his vow, Knight
dialog: of the Old Code.
dialog: 13
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN TRAIL - ROMAN RUINS ~ ON CROWN - NIGHT
text: Bowen, on horseback, leads Aislinn's steed down the mountain
text: through the Roman ruins once more. Behind them comes Brok
dialog: and the guard with...
text: EINON. ..asleep on his stretcher, unconsciously fondling the
text: crown in his hands.
text: The crown slips from his fingers, clanking to the ground.
text: Einon jerks awake, sitting up bolt straight. A strange,
text: fierce light in his eyes. He's tense with coiled energy.
text: Brok signals the guard to halt and kneels beside Einon.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: Your Majesty? Is all well?
text: Einon unconsciously feels the scar on his chest. Einon gazes
text: at it, remembering. The Dragon. He smiles at the memory.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: All is very well. The crown.
text: Brok picks it up and offers it to Einon. Eyes afire, Einon
text: takes the crown and firmly plants it on his head. He likes
dialog: the fit.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: Anything more, Your Majesty?
text: Einon turns from his regal reverie to smile grimly at Brok.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Much more.
text: He rises off the stretcher. Brok goes to support him, but
text: Einon pushes him away. He's a little rocky on his feet, but
text: he stands, staring out on the Roman ruins.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: The Romans built a great castle here.
dialog: Mine will be greater.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: It will take many men, milord, to rebuilt
dialog: this ruin.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Yes...
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - DAWN
text: THE SOLDIERS OF THE KING swarm through the burnt ruin of the
text: village. WAILING WOMEN and even SOME CHILDREN have been put
text: to work filling in the barricade ditch, THE VILLAGE MENFOLK
text: are being rounded up from hiding places and shackled in
text: WOODEN NECK STOCKS.
dialog: 14
text: BROK, in charge of this foray, steers his horse through the
text: trampled shambles of a hut and scrapes away debris with his
text: sword, ferreting out a TRAPDOOR beneath the charred clutter.
text: He motions to TWO SOLDIERS who jerk open the door, exposing a
text: dishevelled REDBEARD hiding below in a root cellar full of
dialog: cheese.
text: Brok's sword jabs downward. Into a ROUND OF CHEESE. As Brok
text: takes a bite of the cheese, Redbeard is yanked out and herded
text: toward the other prisoners. Kara, working at the ditch,
text: drops her spade and rushes to him.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Father!
text: Tears in her eyes, she clings to him, but Brok yanks her
text: ‘roughly by the hair and shoves her away. She falls to the
text: ground, rising up to see REDBEARD yoked into a stock with two
dialog: other prisoners.
scene_heading: EXT. STONE QUARRY - DAY
text: Firelight flickers over Einon's face. He sits his horse,
text: next to a SMITHY'S FIRE, savouring the SOUNDS OF CLINKING
text: CHAINS AND SPLINTERED STONE, as he gazes out over...
text: A STONE QUARRY...FETTERED PEASANTS break rocks under the
text: watchful eyes of ARMED GUARDS. Einon watches in malevolent
text: satisfaction as Brok rides in with a half dozen more QUARRY
text: SLAVES harnessed together with a length of rope about their
text: neck. Among them is REDBEARD.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Hold, Brok!
text: Brok stops his charges with a rough jerk on the rope. Einon
text: appraisies Redbeard suspiciously. Even in defeat, the big
text: man stares up at the new king with cold contempt. Einon
text: cannot match his stern gaze. Redbeard smiles.
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Come to thank me, boy? You should. It
dialog: was my stroke that made you king.
text: Brok yanks Redbeard's head back by his headband, exposing his
text: neck to his blade.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: My stoke will make you a corpse!
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: No!
text: The command halts the throat-slitting. Einon glares at
text: Redbeard glaring at him.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I want no martyrs. And death is a
dialog: release, not punishment.
text: Einon smiles evilly at Redbeard whose glare hardens but also
text: flickers with faint worry.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: It's an insolent gaze. Look good, dog.
dialog: And remember. I am your king. The one
dialog: who crushed you. And the last thing you
dialog: will ever see.
text: Einon grabs an iron from the smithy's fire. Its tip is
text: white-hot. He flings it to Brok.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Burn that insolence out of his eyes!
text: Grinning, Brok picks up the iron. Redbeard, pale but proud,
text: gazes up into the rocks. He shakes his head from side-to-
text: side, almost imperceptibly. To anyone observing, it would
text: merely seem dazed defiance or maybe trembling fear, but it
dialog: is, in actuality a signal. A signal to...
text: KARA...hidden up behind a boulder. Redbeard is warning the
text: girl to stay put. Stay safe. Weeping, Kara obeys as...
text: BROK...approaches Readbeard, head still high. Eyes still on
text: the rocks above. But as Brok raises the iron a SWORD BLADE
text: swoops down and strikes it from his hand. It is...
text: BOWEN'S SWORD...as he gallops past Brok to the prisoners, his
text: blade slicing the ropes binding them together.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Run!
text: No encouragement needed, the prisoners scatter for the
text: forest. Bowen's whirlwind appearance confuses Einon's men.
text: But one snaps out of it and tries to stop an escapee. Bowen
text: comes between them and cuts the soldier down. Meanwhile...
text: KARA...scrambles out of the rocks and, in the confusion,
text: rushes down to Redbeard.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Father!
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Kara! Quickly!
text: Einon spots the girl and charges after them, but once more,
text: Bowen rides between the pursuer and the pursued, who duck
text: into the woods. Enraged, Einon bears down on Bowen with drawn
text: sword. Bowen reluctantly but skillfully defends himself
text: against the attack.
dialog: 
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: How dare you defy me!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Einon! You're unwell! Bewitched!
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Don't do this! Remember the code!
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: The king is above the code!
text: Dismayed by this declaration, Bowen drops his guard and Einon
text: unseats him with a stab in the shoulder. The knight topples
text: from his mount, falling between the skittish horses. Einon
text: rides over him, whirling triumphantly to acknowledge the
text: cheers of his men. His mistake...for...
text: A MUDDY HAND...reaches up and yanks Einon's leg from the
text: stirrup, shoving it out and up, heaving....
text: EINON...off his horse. The boy reels over the right flank of
text: his horse, flopping to the ground to find...
text: BOWEN...grimly grinning at him through the legs of the horse.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Only expose your back to a corpse. You
dialog: forget everything I've taught you!
text: Bowen, braced on his blade, bleeding from his shoulder and
text: his head, tries to stagger up.
text: Einon angrily leaps up and, whipping his horse away, lunges
text: at Bowen, still on his knees. But even kneeling, Bowen
text: deflects Einon's wild charge.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Control, little warrior!
text: His blade knocks Einon's aside, then rips across the dragon's
text: crest on the surcote. Bowen, still on his knees, counters
text: Einon's fierce but undisciplined, crazed sallies, critiquing
text: the boy's technique as he does.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Purpose, not passion, Einon. Fight with
dialog: your head...
text: He slashes Einon's belt. It slides down his legs and trips
text: him up. He lugges savagely atop the tottering Einon, forcing
text: him down, poistng his sword tip on the boy's heart.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: ».-not your heart.
dialog: 17
text: The heart. His eyes smoldering with pained hurt, Bowen
text: spies the torn dragon on the surcote, which rises and falls,
text: along with his blade, in chaotic rhythm to Einon's racing
text: heart. The dragon's heart. The dragon. It's almost as
text: though he can hear the cursed heart beating. Thump. Thump.
text: Thump. Pulsing with treacherous life.
text: With a mad, griefstricken wail, Bowen raises his sword...and
text: jabs it in the ground beside Einon's head, staring at the boy
text: with sorrow-filled eyes. His voice rasps with choked
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No one is above the code. Least of all,
dialog: a king!
text: ‘He leans down and kisses the boy. Tears well in his eyes as
text: he whirls up and sharply whistles. As Bowen's steed gallops
text: up, Einon scrambles away, grasping his cheek where Bowen
text: kissed him. His confused fear quickly turns to anger once
text: more as Bowen mounts and spurs his steed off into the forest.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Seize him! Bring him down!
scene_heading: EXT. STONE QUARRY - FOREST - DAY
text: Bowen gallops off through the sun-streaked trees. THE CAMERA
speaker_heading: PANS UP TO:
text: KARA & REDBEARD..-.hiding in a tree, as Einon and his minions
text: ride in pursuit of Bowen.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - SUNSET
text: Bowen emerges from the dragon cave. In frustrated fury, he
text: clangs his drawn sword against the rock. His horse whinnies
text: nervously, as the shrieking clang echoes out over the
text: mountains where a shimmering half-orb of SUNLIGHT splays
text: across a purple-orange sky.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No matter where you fly, Dragon, no
dialog: matter where you hide, I will find you!
dialog: My oath will not save you! All bonds are
dialog: broke by your betrayal. I make a new
dialog: vow! I will undo your treachery!...Even
dialog: if I must spend the rest of my life
dialog: hunting you and your kind down!
text: In the distance, Bowen's echoing oath is answered by A
text: MOURNFUL TRILL...Every mountain seems to reverberate with the
text: tortured KEENING as the CAMERA PULLS BACK, capturing Bowen in
text: the golden flood of the sinking sun. WE HEAR A VOICE.
dialog: 18
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - WHEAT FIELD - DAY
speaker_heading: FRIAR GILBERT (VO)
text: This is the tale of a Knight who slew a
text: Dragon and vanquished Evil.
text: GOLDEN LIGHT overwhelms the screen as a SUPERIMPOSED LEGEND
speaker_heading: APPEARS:
scene_heading: "TWELVE YEARS LATER"
text: The GOLDEN LIGHT becomes...
text: WHEAT...waving gently in the morning breeze. Behind the wall
text: of grain comes a VOICE...the same we just heard...reciting.
speaker_heading: GILBERT'S VOICE
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: "A solitary pilgrim rode
dialog: Upon his lowly mule,..."
text: CAMERA PANS over the rolling hill of wheat, finding...
text: FRIAR GILBERT...a monk...riding a MULE on a path between the
dialog: wheatfields.
text: Both mule and monk are laden with scrolls and manuscripts.
text: Bundles of parchment protrude from the saddlebags. Slung
text: about the monk's middle is a clothsack filled with scrolls.
text: As Gilbert recites, he scratches a quill across a scroll
text: unrolled against the mule's neck.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (writing)
dialog: "Content with this his humble mode,
dialog: His quest was spiritual..."
text: Except it comes out"spirichool" as he tries to rhyme it with
text: mule. The mule itself begins to buck.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Whoa, Merlin! Whooaa!
text: But Merlin doesn't "whoa" and bucks Gilbert off, who tumbles
text: cassock over crucifix, the scrolls from his pouch spilling
text: out on the ground with him.. He sits up with as much dignity
text: as he can muster and glares at the mule.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Everyone's a critic.
text: But the mule's only response is to bray nervously and stomp
text: impatiently at the ground. Ignoring the tempermental animal,
text: Gilbert crawls about gathering up his scrolls, grumbling to
dialog: himself.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Keep faith, Gilbert, keep faith! True,
dialog: thus far, this quest has been uneventful
dialog: -.-if not altogether fruitless and boring
dialog: +..But remember its goals, its glory!
dialog: Soon, something's bound to happen.
text: Something does. A SUDDEN WHOOSH OF WIND violently rustles the
text: wheat and tears at the monk's cassock. The just~gathered
text: scrolls go flying from his grip once more and Gilbert goes
text: flat on his back once more. His eyes widening with fear as
text: they gaze upward, following the path of the wind.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: D-D-Dragon!
text: ‘The GUST OF WIND subsides and the RUSTLING OF WINGS whips
text: away over a hill of wheat which wavers violently in its wake.
text: Scrambling up, Gilbert scoops up precious scrolls as he tears
text: off for the opposite wheatfield. But he screeches to a
text: panicked halt as SOMETHING ELSE charges out of the wheat.
text: Wailing, the frenzied friar flings himself to the ground once
text: more in a welter of flying manuscripts.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (crosses himself)
dialog: Jesu!
text: Gilbert peeks up to see...
text: A KNIGHT...reining in his horse, frowning down at him. It is
speaker_heading: BOWEN.
dialog: But Bowen is mightily changed since last we saw him. Time
text: has passed and not been kind. His hair is now laced with
text: grey. His face is unshaven. His surcote frayed and torn.
text: His armour dented and dull.
text: He and his steed are laden with assorted weaponry. Broad
text: sword, lance, bow and arrows, mace, battle axe, and buckler.
text: This SHIELD gives grim evidence of his trade...and that he
dialog: has been successful in his vow...an awesome assortment of
text: DRAGON HORNS protrudes from it.
text: Bowen snaps at the friar in curt irritation.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Dra...dra...drag...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Yes! Where?
text: Gilbert gestures with a bent scroll clutched in his shaking
text: hand. Bowen gives chase, he and his mount disappearing over
text: the hill of wheat.
dialog: 20
text: A painful HOWL jerks the priest up, shivering. A BURST OF
text: FIRE erupts in the sky from over the hill. The stalks quiver
text: in manic agitation. SOMETHING'S coming toward him!
text: It's Bowen's riderless horse. Gilbert kneels in prayer.
text: He's interrupted by ANOTHER HORRIBLE YOWL! Then...
text: STILLNESS! Gilbert creeps to the wheat, listening. Nothing.
text: Then RUSTLING. Close by! A DRAGON HORN pokes through the
text: stalks. Gilbert falls back with a yelp. It's only...
text: BOWEN...holding a SEVERED DRAGON HORN.
text: Bowen goes to his horse and begins to affix his latest trophy
text: to his shield. Gilbert scrambles to his feet and, plucking
text: up scattered scrolls along the way, rushes to the knight.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (arms full of manuscripts)
dialog: Magnificent! Marvelous! Heroics
dialog: befitting the days of Arthur and the
dialog: Round Table, Never have I seen such
dialog: skill!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Then you must've led the life of a...
dialog: monk.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: A...Yes...Also scholar, scribe,
dialog: historian, and poet. Your servant,
dialog: Brother Gilbert of Glockenspur. My
dialog: humble life is in the debt of your
dialog: exalted prowess, dauntless courage, and
text: superb, swift sword.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You have a poet's gift of exaggeration.
text: Gilbert thinks it's a compliment and holds up a scroll.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Oh, sir! You should read my histories.
dialog: But you belittle your talent. A great
dialog: victory for you and the Lord.
text: Bowen wearily examines the mottled, scarred horn.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Then may the Lord savour it. There's too
dialog: little glory to be shared in this kill.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Modesty as well as valour. The code of
text: ancient Camelot still lives.
dialog: 21
text: Bowen jerks his head up with a hostile glare at the mention
text: of the code. Then the glare glazes into wistful sadness. He
text: shakes the melancholy from him with a sardonic grin.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Hardly worthy of Camelot...Still it's one
dialog: less dragon...
text: Bowen looks at the new horn and all the others on his shield
text: with bitter satisfaction. His grim rumination is interrupted
text: by CLATTERING HOOVES. An effete, oily lord, FELTON, rides up
text: with THREE BURLY MEN-AT-ARMS. Felton deigns to salute Bowen
text: with a bejewelled hand.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: Well done, Knight. Our gratitude. Mine
dialog: and King Einon's.
text: Felton yawns blasely. That's it. Interview's over. He
text: turns his horse to go, but Bowen catches the reins.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Keep the gratitude. I'll take gold.
dialog: Yours or the King's.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: Gold, knight?
text: Felton cocks an imperious eyebrow and smiles. Unpleasantly.
text: Bowen gets the picture. He's getting the shaft.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: We struck a bargain. One dragon put
text: down, one pouch of gold.
text: Gilbert's idea of chivalry is dismayed by this mercenary
dialog: display.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Your honour has a price, knight?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: It has expenses! Honour cannot fill my
dialog: belly or shoe my horse.
dialog: (wheels to Felton)
dialog: I ask no more than any man. A fair price
dialog: for a fair skill.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: The priest is right. It is your duty to
dialog: protect King Einon's vassals as a knight
dialog: of the realm!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Not of this realm! I bend no knee to
dialog: Einon.
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: No? Then begone, vagabond, before I
dialog: arrest you for...for...
dialog: (an inspiration)
dialog: Poaching the king's wildlife!
text: Felton jerks a finger at the dead dragon. Bowen almost
text: laughs at the ludicrousness of it and he fingers his sword
text: hilt, debating whether to cut this popinjay down to size.
text: But the thugs-at-arms give Felton's threats weight. Bowen
text: grimly smiles and, with a curt bow, mounts up.
text: Suddenly, the timid faces of PEASANTS begin to poke out of
text: the wheat. Felton turns his disdain on them.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: Back to work you, lazy scum. If King
dialog: Einon's wheat isn't cut before the rain,
dialog: I'll do some cutting of my own.
text: Felton's bully-boys whip the peasants back to the fields.
text: Gilbert, who's watched all in befuddled confusion, grabs his
text: mule's reins and timidly approaches Bowen.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Forgive me, Sir knight, for questioning
dialog: your motives. Times are topsy-turvy and
dialog: the world is not as it once was.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I've noticed.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Let me make amends. I've a fair culinary
dialog: flair. Please join me in my evening
dialog: repast.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Come evening, I shall be far from here,
dialog: priest.
text: Gilbert mounts and the two head up the ridge.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: So shall I. For I am on a pilgrimage.
dialog: Might we travel together?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Unless Einon's taxed it, the road's still
dialog: free and a man may travel which way he
dialog: chooses,
text: Bowen addresses this last to Felton as he passes by, who idly
text: ponders as he watches them go...
dialog: 23
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE -ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY
dialog: Einon's prediction was right. His castle is greater than the
text: Roman one. And it's not yet completed. But even behind a
text: WARREN OF SCAFFOLDING, it rises out of the spine of the
text: mountain impressive and forbidding. FELTON AND HIS RETINUE
text: come riding up the road in through the castle gates.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - COURTYARD - DAY
text: The courtyard is abuzz with WORKMAN and SERVANTS. GROOMS
text: ATTEND to SADDLE HORSES. FALCONRY MASTERS stand with HOODED
text: BIRDS OF PREY perched on their gloves. There is RAUCOUS
text: LAUGHTER as A GROUP OF MEN move out of the shadow of a
text: portico, led by...
text: EINON...now in his twenties. Tall and tough. Eyes sharp.
text: Mouth cruel. Armed with sword, dagger, and quiver. He's
text: cultivated a wispy beard. He's followed by a COTERIE of
text: KNIGHTS, all dressed for the hunt, among them Brok and Felton
text: who buzzes in his ear.
speaker_heading: FELTON (OS)
dialog: A road tax, King Einon.
text: Felton, weighted down with hunting equipment, trips on his
text: bow. Brok smirks at him. Felton cocks an imperious eyebrow
text: at Brok and turns to Einon who weighs Felton's suggestion as
text: he mounts a strong steed laden with armour and weapons like
text: himself. Felton fans the flame of his idea.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: They use it. Let them pay for the
dialog: privilege.
text: Again, he gets caught up in his bow. He untangles himself
text: and indignantly flings it to a nearby servant, finishing his
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: And those that can't, can work it off!
text: All wait for Einon's response. It comes in a sly smile. He
text: leans over and pats Felton's balding head.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Ingenious, Lord Felton.
text: He plays with a wispy strand of thinning hair.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: There may not be much on top, but there's
text: plenty underneath.
text: He playfully thumps a finger on Felton's skull. Felton makes
text: a sweeping bow.
dialog: 24
text: As Felton comes up, Brok reaches in front of him and takes
text: his FALCON from an attendent, sweeping it close to Felton's
text: face. The bird screeches and flaps its wings, Felton cringes
text: back. Brok smirks.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: He likes to bring down peacocks.
text: Shrinking back from Brok, Felton clambers on his horse, but
text: is so weighted down with his hunting paraphenalia, he has a
text: tough time swinging into the saddle.
text: Brok grabs him by the seat of the pants and roughly shoves
dialog: him up.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: Fly, peacock, fly.
text: The others laugh as Felton clumsily grabs the horse's neck to
text: keep his balance. Once more, he comes face to face with
text: Brok's hawk that screeches again, eliciting more laughter
text: from Brok and the others...all but Einon.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Lord Brok. Some are good at hunting men.
dialog: Some are good at hunting money. Both
dialog: have value to me.
text: Felton's turn to smirk. But his triumph's shortlived as
text: Einon snatches Felton's bow from the attendent and tosses it
text: to the haughty fop.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: So don't forget your bow, Felton, you may
text: need to shoot a ferocious coin purse.
text: Einon joins the others in their laughter this time. And so
text: does a reluctant Felton who gives forth with a forced giddy
dialog: giggle.
speaker_heading: : EINON
dialog: To the hunt!
text: He spurs his horse out the gate, followed by his minions.
scene_heading: EXT. STONE QUARRY - DAY
text: Many are still working off debts to the young tyrant. Though
text: the quarry is all but gutted, half-starved ragged PEASANTS
text: toil in the sun under the watchful eyes of GUARDS.
text: Many of the QUARRY SLAVES clamor for water, doled out by...
text: KARA...Now grown into a beautiful woman. But both her beauty
text: and her lush, wild mane of red hair are hidden underneath a
text: ragged cloak. But her proud, youthful face cannot hide eyes
text: that are much older, weary with grim experience.
dialog: 25
text: Dispensing drinks, she makes her way up behind AN OLD MAN
text: chipping at stone with a chisel and hammer. She scoops a
text: ladle of water out and proffers it to him. We recognize the
text: HEADBAND the old man wears.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Drink, Father.
text: The old man turns. It is REDBEARD! No longer a virile,
text: haughty rebel. Einon recaptured him and carried out his
text: threat. Redbeard is BLIND. Scar tissue surrounds the
text: sightless eyes staring at nothing.
text: But even though his red hair and beard are streaked with
text: white, even though his once-strong body is frail and stooped,
text: he still manages an air of his old defiance.
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: I told you not to come here anymore,
dialog: Kara!
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I am a disobediant child, Father. Drink.
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
text: No longer a child. A woman. And it
dialog: takes no blind man to tell a beautiful
dialog: one.
text: His gnarled hand gropes for her face. She leads him to her
text: cheek. He caresses it.
speaker_heading: RED-BEARD
dialog: One day on of these dogs will notice too.
dialog: Go home, Kara.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: You are my home, Father.
text: She kisses his palm. Then takes some COOKED MEAT from her
text: jerkin and stuff it inside his shirt.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Here is meat for later. Now quickly,
text: drink. The guard is watching.
text: She places the LADLE in his hand and he starts to lift it to
text: his lips. Suddenly AN ARROW ZINGS INTO FRAME, striking the
text: ladle and knocking in from his hand. Kara wheels to
text: LAUGHTER. IT IS...
text: EINON...and his hunting party, laden down with game...
text: pheasant, boars, even a stag. Einon has shot the arrow.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: I don't believe...I mean, magnificent
dialog: shot, Your Higness.
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: And profitable. Unless you care to
dialog: double the wager, Felton?
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: {takes the bet)
dialog: Through his legs!
text: Einon notches another arrow and lets fly at...
text: RED-BEARD...already panicked by the first arrow. He hears
text: the whizz of the second as it zips through his legs and
text: clinks on the rock behind him. He whirls frantically.
speaker_heading: RED-BEARD
dialog: Kara!
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Stand still, father!
text: Felton shouts out another target.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: The bucket-handle!
text: Another arrow slices the air, striking the water bucket
text: handle next to Red-beard and sending it clattering against
text: the bucket, causing the old man to jump.
speaker_heading: RED~BEARD
dialog: Kara!
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Don't move!
text: Kara steps in front of him and heads for...
dialog: EINON...indignant someone should interfere with his sport.
text: He notches another arrow and shoots it in front of Kara's
text: feet. She keeps coming. Another arrow. Only inches frm
text: her. She keeps coming. He aims directly at her. Not a
text: flinch. She keeps coming. Einon lowers his bow, intrigued.
speaker_heading: EINON .
dialog: You've got nerve for a spoilsport.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: There's no sport in tormenting a sick old
dialog: man. I beg Your Majesty. Let him go.
dialog: It's been fourteen years. Your castle is
dialog: budlt. He can do you no harm. For
dialog: pity's sake, release him.
text: Einon stares at her curiously. Then smiles.
dialog: Einon
dialog: Release him?
dialog: 27
text: In one flashy blur of motion, he's notched another arrow and
text: sends it flying. Straight into Red-beard's heart. The old
text: Man gasps and staggers back against the rocks.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Father!
text: She runs to him, her hood flying back, unleasing her wild red
text: tumble of hair. It catches Einon's attention.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I've always said death was a release.
text: He spurs his horse and he and his flunkeys ride off as...
text: Kara...kneels beside her father.
speaker_heading: RED-BEARD
dialog: K-K-Kara...
text: He goes limp and his head sags. His headband falls off and
text: his hair spills down over his blind eyes. Kara takes the
text: band and, in stunned grief, presses it to her face, sobbing
dialog: into it.
speaker_heading: ON EINON
text: Turning on Kara's heartbroken wail. Her rich red hair is
text: captured in the burning light of the Smithy's fire behind
text: her. . The image strikes a memory with Einon, but he can't
text: bring it forth and shrugs it off with an uneasy shiver.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE - DUSK
text: Bowen and Gilbert sit at a campfire, gnawing on roasted
text: mutton joints. As Bowen affixes his latest trophy to his
text: dragon-horn shield, Gilbert recites from a parchment,
text: spraying bits of half-chewed food in his bombastic style and
text: waving his mutton joint in time to his suspect meter and
text: dubious rhythm.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: In Avalon, Lost Avalon, so the legends
dialog: say,
text: In mystery and mist, there valiant King
dialog: Arthur lay.
dialog: And resting with him, the brave, bold
dialog: heroes of his day.
text: Gilbert has risen and paces, carried off in the throes of his
text: overwrought rhyme. Bowen winces as the Priest starts his
text: third stanza off with a piercing, dramatic, declamatory wail.
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Obhh, Avalon! Bright Avalon! The worried
dialog: world's astray!
dialog: Return forgotten glories that once held
dialog: noble sway,
dialog: And sweep the world's dank darkness away,
dialog: away, away! :
text: Gilbert glances at his audience in excited expectation!
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Your mutton is very good...Avalon is a
dialog: fable, priest.
text: ‘Ego ruffled, Gilbert rummages through his bag of scrolls.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: A fable? That's uneducated piffle,
dialog: Bowen. JI can prove it. I have it right
dialog: here. Somewhere here.
dialog: (He can't find it)
dialog: But I remember it. "Upon his death, King
dialog: Arthur was taken to Avalon, a land of
text: mist, to lie among his brother knights in
text: a grove of stone upon a tor." Aha, here
dialog: it is!
text: He jerks out a scroll and unravels it, thrusting it out to
dialog: Bowen.
text: It's upside down. Gilbert twists it right side up.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: From the venerable history of Gildas the
dialog: Scribe. Facts, my friend! Avalon is a
dialog: holy place. And my pilgrimage a sacred
dialog: duty. I will find it.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: And when you do?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: I'll pray to the souls of the sainted men
dialog: buried there...Arthur and all the knights
dialog: of Camelot.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: But, you know, Brother Gilbert, it's said
text: not only Arthur lies at Avalon, but also
dialog: the Gateway to the Underworld. So take
dialog: care. The spirits you call may come.
text: He tosses his mutton bone into the fire and works on his
dialog: shield.
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: I wish they would and bring back the days
dialog: of chivalry and the Old Code.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No prayers can resurrect that pale
dialog: ghost...
text: Gilbert has caught the regret in Bowen's voice.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Ride with me, my son. All knights need a
dialog: quest. I think ours is the same.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Men of faith may follow a fable, priest.
dialog: But my only faith is my sword...And I
dialog: already have a quest.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: What quest?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: To slay all dragons...And one, in
dialog: particular...
text: Bowen's shield is finished, he holds up in the firelight to
text: inspect it. Gilbert's face lights up in awe and pleasure, as
text: though he's found the hero of his next epic poem.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL - ON BOWEN - DAY
text: Bowen rides out of a dark forest into the light along the
text: bank of a shallow creekbed. As his horse steps into the
text: water, Bowen reins him up, leaning down in the saddle,
dialog: examining...
text: A DRAGON TRACK...impressed in the mud, visible through the
text: clear, rippling water.
text: Bowen glances up and smiles. A gentle WATERFALL spills over
text: an OVERHANG OF ROCK. His dragon will be there. Bowen jerks
text: up his lance and reins his steed toward the falls.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (0S)
dialog: Yoo-hoo!
text: GILBERT..."hallooing" for attention, stands atop a clump of
text: rocks on the opposite bank.
text: Muttering an oath, Bowen rides over to Gilbert who plops his
text: literary bag on the rocks and rummages through it.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: 30
dialog: (pulls out ink)
dialog: How do you prefer I write this?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: Far away.
text: Gilbert doesn't get it, chuckles, and fumbles in his bag.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Oh, please, don't concern yourself with
dialog: my safety. No, I meant style. Verse.
dialog: Meter. Shall I spice it up with a
dialog: poetical flourish or just the cold hard
dialog: facts?
text: Gilbert's voice booms out above even the rushing falls. He
text: ‘unrolls some blank manuscript. Bowen seethes exasperatedly.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Ssssh! We'll be the only things cold and
dialog: hard around here if you don't shut up!
text: Bowen pokes his lance through the scroll, jerking it away.
text: Gilbert indignantly snatches it back.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: That's a fine attitude. I come to
dialog: immortalize you and you try to muzzle the
text: mouth of chronicle, lop off the tongue of
dialog: truth. It's all very well to go about
dialog: hacking and whacking dragons, but if a
text: dragon falls in the forest and no one
dialog: hears about it, does it make a thud?!
text: Exasperated, Bowen starts to ride off. Gilbert squats down
text: on a rock still, preparing to write, still railing at Bowen.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: You're nothing without the likes of me.
dialog: Heroics don't make heroes, ballad-makers
dialog: do. The quill is mightier than the swo..!
text: Suddenly, AN GIANT EYE opens up between Gilbert's legs,
text: Gilbert lays his parchment on the "rock" and scrawls across
text: it with his quill. The eye blinks in agitation and suddenly
text: the "rock" starts to shift and move.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: +»-ord ...duh ...duh ...aah!
text: Gilbert falls from the shifting "rocks", tumbling down
dialog: toward...
text: BOWEN...crashes onto him, then over the horse's back,
text: splashing into the water. Bowen whirls back to the sound of
text: More splashing, just in time to see...
dialog: 31
text: A DRAGON TAIL...slither along the creek, disappearing into
text: the waterfall. The "rock" on which Gilbert was perched has
dialog: also disappeared.
text: Bowen spurs his horse and charges for the falls. But he's
dialog: stopped by...
text: A BATTERED BREASTPLATE...flying out from the waterfall,
text: splashing in the stream in front of Bowen who steadies his
text: nervous steed.
speaker_heading: DRAGON (0S)
dialog: That's what's left of the last fellow who
text: entered uninvited.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: That doesn't frighten me.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: No? How about this? Or this? or this?
text: A barrage of crumpled armour and bones careens out. Half of
text: it crashes into Gilbert, trying to rise out of the stream.
text: The monk scampers out of the debris and has barely got to his
text: feet when suddenly the complete skeleton of a horse and rider
text: comes jangling through the falls, clattering in a heap.
text: Their splash washes over Gilbert and sends him flopping back
text: into the stream. Bowen's horse whinnies and rears.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: I could go on. I've quite a collection.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I won't be added to it.
text: Bowen thrusts his lance at the figure on the other side of
text: the fall. But the pike is yanked on from the other side of
text: the waterscreen and Bowen, still gripping it, is yanked along
text: with it. He spills from the saddle, somersaulting into the
dialog: creek.
text: A moment later, the two pieces of his broken lance shoot out
text: of the waterfall, the steel pointed end nearly impaling Bowen
text: as it jabs into the creekbed beside him.
speaker_heading: ON GILBERT
text: Supine in the creek. Water spritzes from his mouth. He sits
text: up in time to see Bowen draw his sword and buckler and enter
text: into the cave through the waterfall.
text: Gilbert sees his canvas sack floating by, he snatches it up
text: and, rummaging for another quill and parchment, starts to
dialog: compose out loud.
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: GILBERT
text: Into the mouth of death he strode
text: Into the grimey gloom.
text: Into a pit of fear unknown,
dialog: Perhaps to court his doom,
text: A FLASH OF FLAME backlights the waterfall, followed by a
text: BLAST OF STEAM that rolls out from the falls, slamming
text: Gilbert back into the creekbed.
scene_heading: INT. WATERFALL CAVERN - ON FIRE - DAY
text: A BOLT OF FLAME deflects against Bowen's shield, sparks hiss
text: and smoke against the moist cavern floor. Bowen grins up at
text: the DRAGON -- A HULKING, HAZY SHADOW, in the smoky dark --
text: lurking on a shelf of rock above him. The Dragon does have
text: quite a collection. Bones and armour litter the place.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Little damp for fire, isn't it?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Why must you knight-errants out to make a
dialog: name for yourselves always pick on us
dialog: dragons?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I don't need a name...and I have a
dialog: collection of my own.
text: Bowen holds out his shield. The dragon horns glint ina
text: rainbow of sunlight prismed through the waterfall.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Oh! One who kills for money, are you?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: It's honest enough work! Ridding the
dialog: country of you lot. One must earn a
dialog: living.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Yes...one must live. No way round then
dialog: but to have at it, since you seek profit
dialog: in this.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Don't flatter yourself. No profit this
dialog: time, purely pleasure.
text: Bowen draws his sword. The dragon's eyes widen in
dialog: recognition!
scene_heading: DRAGON'S POV - THE SWORD
text: ---And the talon-scratched GROOVE in the blade.
dialog: 33
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: The dragon eyes Bowen warily.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Perhaps less pleasurable and more costly
dialog: than you think.
text: Bowen's mouth drops as the Dragon swoops off the ledge.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL - DAY
text: The Dragon swoops out of the waterfall in a GUSH OF WIND AND
text: WATER. Spreading out his magnificent wings to their full
text: extension, he sweeps up over a startled Gilbert. Patches of
text: -his hide glisten irridescently. An awesome, glorious
dialog: creature.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL - CRANE SHOT ABOVE GILBERT - DAY
text: Gilbert, craning back to gaze at the creature in dropped-
text: jawed amazement, gets smaller and smaller as the dragon
text: circles higher and higher in the sky. Gilbert, leaning back
text: a little too far, flops back into the water.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL - DAY
text: BOWEN...dashes out of the falls and onto his horse. Gilbert,
text: just rising, ducks for cover in the water again as the knight
text: gallops past him into the woods after the dragon.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Bowen races through the trees.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SKY - DAY
text: The Dragon skims the treetops.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Bowen, at full gallop, places his reins in his teeth, and
text: yanks a set of KNOTTED STRINGS from his saddle pommel.
text: The flaps of his saddle-bags pop open. A BOLO-CHAIN
text: catapults out, shoots skyward.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL - SKY ABOVE - DAY
text: The chains BOLOS spread and widen as they spin up.
dialog: 34
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DRAGON - DAY
text: The Dragon looks back to see the Bolos ensnare one of his
text: hind legs.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: In Bulldog fashion, Bowen wraps the chain around his saddle
text: horn, continuing to keep pace with the Dragon above.
text: Then the saddle harness snaps...and both saddle and Bowen,
text: still grasping the chain, are dragged across the ground as...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS ~ SKY ABOVE - DAY
text: The dragon lunges through the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - ON BOWEN - DAY
text: Clutching the chain for dear dear, still in the saddle,
text: careening through the underbrush, sometimes dragging on the
text: ground sometimes, whirling in the air, clanking stones and
text: trees. Birds and small animals scurry from thickets. He
text: avoids a near-collision with a tree as the Dragon suddenly
text: veers his course, taking Bowen straight into the path of...
text: ANOTHER TREE...with a dead log leaning against it. Both
text: Bowen and the saddle ride up the log. Bowen leaps from the
text: saddle running up the leaning log as he sees the chain thread
text: through the forked branches of a tree. Grabbing the saddle,
text: Bowen wedges it in the fork.
text: It works. For a moment. Then the Dragon's momentum
text: partially uproots the tree, causing Bowen to leap from the
text: jostled dead log which comes careening down behind him. He
text: tumbles and rolls and the tree just misses him. He peeks
text: over over the trunk to see...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SKY - DAY
text: A BLUR OF DRAGON, at the end of its snared chain, plummet
text: downward behind a clump of trees. There is a CRASH as the
text: air fills with dust and dirt and broken tree limbs.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - GILBERT - DAY
text: Gilbert, on Merlin, rides in pursuit of the duel, composing
text: as he goes, voice vibrating, ink slopping all over the place.
dialog: 
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: GILBERT
text: The sword against the fang and claw
text: The flame against the shield.
dialog: The man, the beast, which would win?
dialog: Ahhhh!
text: The scream is because his ink has spilt all over the
text: manuscript, obliterating it.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS ~ BOWEN - DAY
text: Bowen staggers up, dazed and dizzy, and starts to follow the
text: trail of chain. up over the ridge where the dragon crash-
dialog: landed.
text: No sooner has he disappeared than Gilbert arrives, mumbling
text: to himself trying to re-capture his poem as he ties Merlin
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Blahblah Sword...fang and claw
dialog: -..Flame against...shield...
dialog: Blah, blah, blah, which would win?
dialog: Unhh...shield, field, wield,
dialog: peeled...Aha!
dialog: Whose bones would flesh be peeled? Eww!
text: Making a face at the line, he grabs more quills, manuscript,
dialog: and ink.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: No, no...Whose fate would soon be sealed!
text: He likes the line. Smiling, he scurries over the ridge to
dialog: find...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - GLADE - DAY
text: Bowen, sword drawn, charging down into a small clearing where
text: the Dragon, snarls and snaps, struggling to untangle the bolo
text: from his ankle.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Fleeing from an honourable challenge?
dialog: What manner of Dragon, are you?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: You won't live long enough to find out!
text: The dragon's tail flanges out with sharp surrated edges and
text: swipes at Bowen. Bowen blocks the blow with his blade, but
text: nearly loses his balance. Again, the tail strikes, smashing
text: against his shield.
text: Again, the tail flails out. Too close. Bowen ducks just in
text: time as the tail slices a tree behind him in half.
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You're good. Haven't had this sort of
dialog: challenge in some time.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Nor likely to again.
text: Bowen has rolled for cover behind a thick log. The dragon's
text: tail follows him, chopping huge chunks out of the log as
text: though slicing celery.
text: Bowen rolls to the end of the log, inches ahead of the
text: carving tail which suddenly bites a little too deep and gets
text: wedged in the trunk of the log.
text: The dragon shakes his tail, trying to get it loose, bouncing
text: -the log up and down. Realizing, the Dragon's tail is out of
text: comission, Bowen springs up, grinning.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Over-confident, aren't we?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Hardly, but if you win, you'll be out of
dialog: work.
text: Bowen approaches cautiously as the Dragon manuevurs to
text: confront his enemy.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Ha! I'11 keep on till I've exterminated
dialog: every last one of you.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: I am the last one.
text: Bowen stops dead in his tracks. And lets down his guard...as
text: the Dragon snorts a FIREBALL from his nostril. Bowen leaps
text: back as the fire explodes against the tree.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You're just trying to save your scaly
dialog: hide with tricks.
text: Bowen ducks as another fireball strikes behind him.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Haven't you noticed pickings rather slim
dialog: of late?
text: They have been. And Bowen realizes it. But as he cautiously
text: edges in toward the dragon, he brazenly taps the latest
text: addition on his dragon-horn shield.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I got this one just the other day.
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: So you killed the Scarred One? He and I
dialog: were the last. Must have been a proud
dialog: kill, warrior. How much gold did his
dialog: toothless, tattered carcass put in your
dialog: purse?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What business is it of yours?
text: The Dragon's taunts rankle Bowen, which is just what the
text: Dragon wants. For he notices Bowen is stepping very near the
text: chain still attached to the Dragon's foot.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Couldn't have been much. And you'll kill
dialog: me for sport. And when there are no more
dialog: dragons to slay, how will you make your
dialog: way, knight?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Shut up, you!
text: Bowen raises his blade to strike, but as he does he straddles
text: the chain. The Dragon pulls back his foot, the chain snaps
text: up and catches Bowen mid-crotch. Bowen goes tumbling, losing
dialog: his shield.
text: The Dragon rears up, opening his jaws. AND OPENING! They
text: DISTEND like a snake's, stretching inordinately wide as sharp
text: eyeteeth fangs suddenly spring out...
speaker_heading: ON GILBERT
text: Who screeches and cover his eyes.
speaker_heading: ON BOWEN
text: Watching as the the black maw of the Dragon descends on hin.
text: ALL BECOMES BLACKNESS, until...
speaker_heading: GILBERT
text: «.-Uncovers his eyes, expecting the worst. It isn't...
scene_heading: GILBERT'S POV - DRAGON & BOWEN
text: Bowen lies in the dragon's jaws, his sword tip tickling the
text: Dragon's palette. And no one's moving.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: If your teeth come down, my sword goes
dialog: up. Right into your brain!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 38
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - GILBERT'S POV - NIGHT
text: They're still not moving. Still in the same positions. The
text: dragon's unhinged jaws still stretched to their aching
text: maximum. Bowen tries to discreetly sneak his blade up.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: (tongue-tied)
dialog: Ifb your sworb cums ufp, ma teef cum
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ON GILBERT
text: --.-wearily watching and writing...
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (scribbling)
text: Till moonlit night, the titans duelled.
text: In deadly combat bound...
dialog: (yawns)
dialog: Oh, who'd the fatal falter make, Whose blood
dialog: «--would...stain......the ground...
text: Gilbert's quill slides off the parchment as his head flops
text: down on it and he falls asleep, his mouth agape in mid-yawn.
scene_heading: INT. DRAGON'S MOUTH ~ NIGHT
text: Bowen. crouches uncomfortably inside the mouth, propping his
text: sword arm up with his other hand, staring up at the fangs.
text: He notices a PIECE OF CLOTH stuck between the back teeth.
text: Bowen gives it a tug. It's a sleeve...with a SKELETAL HAND
text: still in it. Bowen recognizes the ring on the bony finger
text: and drops it.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Good Lord, Sir Eglamore!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - GLADE - ON DRAGON & BOWEN - NIGHT
text: Bowen throws the hand away in disgust.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Thanffs! Been stug ufp dere fa monffs!
dialog: Cuud you ged your elba aff ma tongue.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Why should you be comfortable? My armour
dialog: is rusting in your drool. And your
dialog: breath is absolutely foul!
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Wad da you expekd wiff Sir Eglamaa
dialog: rotting batwan ma molars?...Oh, my mouf
dialog: ith dry...
dialog: 39
text: Suddenly, the dragon starts to cough. Hacking rumbles roll
text: up his throat. Bowen, rocking on the tongue, winces at the
text: smell of the breath.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Hey!
scene_heading: INT. DRAGON'S MOUTH - NIGHT
text: A HUGE BALL OF SALIVA rolls up the Dragon's throat and smacks
text: Bowen in the face. He wipes off, growling.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Watch it!
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Sorry! Seems we'rr in a bid ab a
dialog: stalemade, wuudn't you thay?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (not giving an inch)
dialog: But I can go three days without sleep.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: I can go fhree weegs.
text: This rattles Bowen's confidence, but he rebounds.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I'll stab you before I nod off.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - GLADE - ON BOWEN & DRAGON ~- NIGHT
text: The Dragon, jaws aching, eyes rolling, is peeved.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Und I'll chompf you. Marbewous. We kull
dialog: eagh ofper, doen neiffer aff us any guud.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What do you suggest?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: A troose! Ged out aff ma mouf and led's
dialog: tag aboud it face-ta-face.
text: More than happy to leave, Bowen starts to edge downward off
text: the tongue, but before he pulls his sword away he has second
dialog: thoughts.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: How do I know I can trust you?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: I gib you ma word!
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: A dragon's word is worthless.
scene_heading: INT. DRAGON'S MOUTH - NIGHT
text: The dragon's tongue flaps up with an exasperated snarl,
text: jostling the precarious perched Bowen.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Stubborn lout!
text: The dragon suddenly arches his tongue up and Bowen slides off
text: his slippery perch...falling out of the Dragon's mouth.
scene_heading: -EXT. WOODS - GLADE - NIGHT
text: Bowen plops from dragon's mouth onto the ground, his sword
text: clattering nearby. He looks up as a scaly paw clamps down on
text: him, pinning him in place. The Dragon cranes his neck down,
text: his eyes searing into Bowen.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I should have known. Go on! Kill me}
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: I don't want to kill you! Never did!
dialog: (quietly;solemnly)
dialog: And I don't want you to kill me...
dialog: (savagely)
dialog: How do we gain? If you win, you lose a
dialog: trade. If I win, I wait around for the
text: next swordslinger thirsting to carve a
dialog: reputation out of my hide...
dialog: (laments)
dialog: I'm tired of lurking in holes and
dialog: skulking in darkness! My life may be
dialog: miserable, but I must not di...!
text: He mysteriously stops, the thought unfinished.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Now if you insist, we can pursue this
dialog: fracas to its final stupidity. or you
dialog: can listen to my alternative.
text: The Dragon releases Bowen. Perplexed but suspicious, he
text: staggers to his feet, reeling for his sword. He's exhausted
text: and the sword is too heavy to lift. He can barely turn back
text: to see if the dragon is coming in for a sneak attack.
text: But there is no attack, The Dragon hasn't moved. He too is
text: spent and sags to ground with a heaving sigh, gazing at Bowen
text: with disappointed eyes.
text: Bowen drops to the ground too. He's tired...and curious.
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What alternative?
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - ON GILBERT - DAWN
text: The rosy rays of dawn filter through the forest foliage.
text: Birds twitter. Crickets chirp. And someone snores.
text: Gilbert. Still face down on his epic poem.
text: A PINE CONE falls from above, thudding on his rump. Gilbert
text: snorts, stirs, and rises, his face smeared with ink. He
text: tries to decipher his equally blotched parchment. Then he
text: remembers and, staggering to his feet, panics.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Bowen!
text: He scans the area. Nothing. No signs of victory or deafeat.
dialog: Or even that a battle had taken place.
text: Gilbert spies something in a bush. He gingerly plucks it up.
text: It's a SLEEVE. A BONY HAND slips from it. Yes... the late
text: Sir Eglamour. But Gilbert jumps to the wrong conclusion.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Oh, dear. Poor chap. Picked clean.
text: Gilbert crosses himself and, sadly looking at the ink-
text: blotched manuscript in his hand, crumples it up.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - MILL - DAY
text: SEVERAL PEASANTS manually turn a LARGE GRINDING WHEEL around
text: a flat mill stone under the supervision of Felton's BULLY-
text: BOYS, OTHER PEASANTS nearby thrash the wheat. STILL OTHERS
dialog: collect the milled flour.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - STONE HOUSE - DAY
text: SCAFFOLDING and ACTIVITY surround Felton's stone manor house.
text: As MASONS measure and trim and CARPENTERS pound, A PRETTY
text: LITTLE MINX with tousled hair langourously leans in the
text: doorway, lacing up her undone doublet.
text: A HAND reaches over her shoulder and slides a money pouch
text: down into her ample cleavage. She smiles up to find...
text: FELTON...smiling back, his own jerkin undone, holding up his
text: pants in one hand. With the other, he leads the girl back
text: into the house. CAMERA PANS UP TO:
text: THE WORKERS...on the scaffolding. It overlooks the
text: wheatfield, where labourers are harvesting the wheat.
dialog: 42
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - WHEATFIELD - DAY
text: As the peasants harvest the crop, A YOUNG BOY looms INTO
text: FRAME, staring wide-eyed up at the sky and...
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - SKY ABOVE FIELD — DAY
text: ---the Dragon suddenly swoops down PAST CAMERA.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - ABOVE WHEATFIELD ~ DAY
text: The boy turntails and runs, frantically waving his arms at
text: the others and yelling.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Dragon! Dragon!
text: The workers looks up and then scatter to safety.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - SKY ABOVE FIELD - DAY
text: The dragon dive-bombs the wheat, loosing TWO STREAMS OF FLAME
text: through the now-empty field.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - WHEATFIELD - ON PEASANTS - DAY
text: The peasants flee from the fire behind and the billowing
text: black cloud of smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - SKY ABOVE FIELD - DAY
text: The Dragon sweeps through the column of smoke, causing a huge
text: vortex, winging his way to...
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - MILL - DAY
text: ++-the Mill. The workers, spying the dragon, abandon their
text: post. A BULLY-BOY grabs a whip and starts after them, but a
text: sudden wind blows chaff into his face. He swats it away in
dialog: time to see...
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - SKY - DAY
text: The dragon takes aim at the mill and...shoots TWO FIRE BALLS
text: from his nostrils.
dialog: 43
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - MILL - DAY
text: The Mill explodes. The Dragon swoops through the burning
text: wreckage. The dazed bully-boy watches him go. He hears a
text: CREAKING behind him and turns. The MILL WHEEL teeters
text: unsteadily on the stone.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - STONE HOUSE - DAY
text: There are cries and smoke and people dashing to and fro.
text: Felton, jerkin undone, holding up his unbelted pants, rushes
text: out of the house, his dishevelled Minx behind him. He's
text: aghast at the chaos, then hears a voice behind hin.
speaker_heading: BOWEN (0S)
dialog: Pesky critters, dragons...
text: Felton whirls to see Bowen, ahorse, armed to the teeth.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: ...like big rodents. You never seem to
dialog: get rid of them...
text: Felton loses a grip on his pants. They fall to his ankles.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - STONE HOUSE - DAY (LATER)
text: Felton, still holding up his pants, dickers hotly with Bowen.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: Thievery! Gouging!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You owe me from last time and I want that
dialog: in advance too!
text: The Minx strokes Bowen's horse and smiles coyly at the
text: knight. Bowen smiles back and winks.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: I won't pay it!
text: He gestures emphatically with his arms. And his pants fall
text: down again. As he leans over to pick them up, the MILL WHEEL
text: suddenly rolls past him. Felton jerks up. And his pants go
text: down again as he, Bowen, the Minx, and the horse all turn
text: their heads and watch the twirling juggernaut collides
dialog: into...
text: THE SCAFFOLDING...sending stone, wood, and workers flying.
text: Felton stares at his damaged house. Then at Bowen. Then at
text: the Minx. He grabs the drawstring dangling from the Minx's
text: cleavage and yanks out the MONEY PURSE he gave her earlier.
text: He flings it at Bowen with a disgruntled gesture...and, once
text: more, his pants fall down.
dialog: 44
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - STONE HOUSE - DAY (LATER)
text: PEASANTS line the walls and yard of the manor house. Felton,
text: pants secure, sits in a chair in the front of the crowd,
text: flanked by his Bulley-boys, with the Minx at his feet.
text: Everyone is staring at...
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL ~- LAKE - DAY
text: +..a harvested wheatfield at the edge of a LAKE. Bowen is
text: manuevering an OX towing a CART OF BOULDERS. He brings the
text: ox to a halt.
text: The cart is ballast, attached via ropes and pulleys to a
text: CATAPULT CONTRAPTION called "A WHACKER". Bowen goes to an
text: adjustable TRIPOD and loads it with a heavy HARPOON.
text: Calculating and adjusting, Bowen sights...
text: THE DRAGON...who comes sweeping into view.
text: BOWEN...slices the ROPE-TRIGGER with his sword and...
scene_heading: EXT, FELTON'S MILL - LAKE - DRAGON'S POV — DAY
text: .+.the HARPOON shoots from its cradle and zooms up toward its
dialog: target.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - SKY ABOVE LAKE ~ DAY
text: The Dragon skillfully positions himself to take the harpoon
text: under his wing where his claw clamps shut on the shaft,
text: catching it in mid-flight. But to...
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - STONE HOUSE - DAY
text: THE CROWD and FELTON...it looks like Bowen's scored a direct
text: hit. An impression helped immeasurably by Dragon's
text: spectacular, if overwrought, death scene.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - ON DRAGON - DAY
text: The Dragon gasps a yelp, does mid-air pirouette, a twisting
text: half-gainer, and then a death-throe spin captured in SLOW-
text: MOTION, before he does a final spiral tha sends him
text: plummetting below the surface of the lake.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - STONE HOUSE - DAY
text: The crowd breaks into raucous cheers as the dragon hits the
text: surface. All but Felton who turns to his Thugs.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: Get my money back.
text: They start down the hill,
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - LAKE - DAY
text: Bowen's foreseen this. He gives a shrill whistle. Bowen's
text: horse, awaiting cue, emerges from behind a haystack and as it
text: gallops past, Bowen swings in the saddle and rides off...
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - MILL - DAY
text: ---toward the still~burning mill, laughing, jingling the
text: Money pouch in a nose-thumbing taunt as he chokes the Thugs
text: on his dust.
scene_heading: EXT. FELTON'S MILL - THE LAKE - AERIAL VIEW - DAY
text: Under the crystal surface of the lake, THE CAMERA PICKS UP...
text: THE DRAGON...gracefully swimming along, leaving in its wake a
text: stream of bubbles from his nostrils.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LAKE - FURTHER BANK - DAY
text: As the Dragon stealthily creeps onto the bank from the lake,
text: he hears a "BAAA!".
text: A FLOCK OF SHEEP...graze by the bank. The Dragon's eyes
text: gleam as his tongue flicks hungrily across his lips.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Hellooo...
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSLANDS - DAY
text: Bowen rides across a grassy steppe, counting the day's take.
text: Suddenly the dragon floats by him in the air, belly up, his
text: wings flapping idly as he circles Bowen and tries to blow a
text: patch of wool from the corner of his mouth.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Most profitable. I should have met you
dialog: long ago, Dragon.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: There is much gold in the world. When
dialog: you have your fill of it and no longer
dialog: need me...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I am a Knight of the Old Code. My word
dialog: is my bond.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: No compunctions then?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Well, such deception hardly befits a...
dialog: (emphasizing)
dialog: .--Knight of the Old Code...
text: Dragon finally knocks the wool off his mouth with his paw.
text: Rankled, Bowen angrily snatches it out of the air, wheeling
text: on the Dragon who's not longer there as he keeps idly
text: circling Bowen. Bowen whips his head back to the Dragon now
text: -on his other side.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: That's debatable! Fleecing Einon's
dialog: lordly lackeys is a service to mankind.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Is it? When you squeeze the nobility,
dialog: it's the peasants who feel the pinch.
text: The Dragon's hit a sore spot and Bowen surily tries to
text: deflect the blow.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Not my concern. Why stick my neck out
dialog: for people afraid to risk their own?
dialog: Don't clutter up a clever scheme with
dialog: dubious morality. And stand still! I'm
dialog: getting dizzy!
text: The Dragon surreptitiously studies Bowen's vehement reaction
text: with interest. He stops circling and lights.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: So be it...
dialog: (emphasizing)
dialog: Knight of the Old Code.
text: The dragon strides along beside Bowen's horse.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: If I wanted my conscience pricked, I'd
dialog: have stayed with the priest. And what
dialog: does a dragon know of the Old Code,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: (quotes)
dialog: "His blade defends the helpless. His
dialog: might upholds the weak..."
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Stop it! I remember the words. And
dialog: that's all it is! A memory. Dead and
dialog: gone. And nothing...nothing... can bring
dialog: it back.
text: Bowen, voice thick with emotion, turns from the Dragon.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: You sound like one who tried...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: And failed...So I no longer try to change
dialog: the world, Dragon, but try merely to get
dialog: by in it.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Yes, it's better than death, I suppose...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Is it?
text: It comes out too bitter...Bowen self-consciously shifts tone.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: .»--For you, I mean. I should think you'd
dialog: welcome death. The last of your race.
dialog: All your friends dead. Hated and hunted
dialog: wherever you go...
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Do you delight in reminding me? Yes,
dialog: Knight, I long for death...but fear it.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Why? Aside from your misery, what's to
dialog: lose?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: My soul.
text: The two disappear over a dip in the road.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - ESTABLISHING SHOT - NIGHT
text: Einon's castle looks even more forbidding at night. RAUCOUS
text: LAUGHTER ECHOES from within its towering walls.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: A ROASTED PIG twirls on a spit over an open fire. SERVANTS
text: with food and drink, hustle about to serve...
text: EINON & HIS KNIGHTS...and THEIR ROWDY WOMENFOLK, dining
text: alfresco by torchlight. Einon sits at the head of a huge
text: BANQUET TABLE, drunkenly laughing as he watches...
dialog: 48
text: SIR BROK...bare-chested, atop the table, wrestle TWO MEN at
text: once. Brok tosses one over his shoulder and off the table
text: into the bonfire. With a yelp, the wrestler rolls on the
text: ground and servants obliging beat the flames off him.
text: The lords and their "ladies" roar with approval and urge Brok
text: on. Brok slings his opponent down the length of the table,
text: sending food and crockery flying. The wrestler slides past
text: the howling, drunken crowd to the end of the table where his
text: head flops over the edge as he groans and passes out, his
text: rolled eyes blaring vacantly up at...
text: AISLINN...primly seated at the table end, the only point of
text: stillness in this rowdy revelry. Weary despair, not age, has
text: faded her beauty. Einon shouts down the table at her.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Can he continue, Mother?
text: Aislinn lifts the unconscious man's arm off her plate by its
text: sleeve in dainty disgust, dropping it contemptuously over the
text: edge of the table.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: The field is Sir Brok's, my son.
text: Brok does a victory dance on the table to the delighted roar
text: of the crowd, while Einon spins to Felton beside him.
text: Nestled drunkenly in Felton's arms is his PRETTY LITTLE MINX.
text: Purses and STACKS OF COINS litter the table. Einon scoops
text: two stacks from Felton's pile to his.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Twenty you owe me, Felton!
text: Felton starts to feebly protest.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: Ten...my son.
text: The correction is spoken in flat calm. Einon frowns at his
text: mother, then at Felton whose Pretty Little Minx has started
text: to slide one of the stacks back. Felton smiles uneasily at
text: the displeased king and, slapping away Minx's hand from the
text: coins, scoots them back to Einon's pile.
speaker_heading: FELTON
text: The spectacle of Sir Brok's prowess is
dialog: worth double the wager, sire!
text: Einon, reeling up, snatches a PITCHER to pour more wine.
text: It's empty. He bangs it on the table.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: More wine!
dialog: 49
text: Suddenly, in the polished sheen of the pitcher's metal, Einon
text: catches something.
scene_heading: EINON'S POV - THE PITCHER - NIGHT
text: Reflected in the pitcher, he sees a FIGURE, ARMED WITH A
text: KNIFE, CREEPING DOWN THE LOW ROOFTOP, DIRECTLY BEHIND HIM.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: As Einon once more bangs the pitcher on the table.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Wine! The King's thirst must be
dialog: quenched!
text: Suddenly, from off the rooftop THE FIGURE comes flying. But
text: Einon's timing is perfect. He ducks and the attacker goes
text: flying over him, sprawling onto the table amid the feast and
text: screams of the stunned women. Einon is atop the body in an
text: instant, spinning it over, and wrenching the knife from the
dialog: grasp of...
text: KARA...who struggles in Einon's grasp, her red hair flying.
text: A half-dozen swords fly out, ready to stab her to death.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: No!
text: The blades stop. Einon's sobering gaze intently scrutinizes
text: the girl. About her neck, she wears her father's headband.
text: Once more her flame hair glows against the fire-light jarring
text: an elusive memory for Einon.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I know...you...
dialog: (recognition hits)
dialog: The quarry! The blind dog's whelp!
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Family devotion! A fine thing! Isn't
dialog: it, mother?
text: Only Aislinn's sad eyes respond to his sneering question...or
text: accusation, they are filled with quiet admiration for the
text: girl. Einon turns his sneer on Kara once more.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: First you beg mercy for his fate. Then
dialog: try to avenge it. And now you'll share
dialog: it.
text: But it's said with fleeing conviction, even as Einon's sneer
text: flees...for he's become aware of her beauty.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: In your kingdom, Einon, there are worse
dialog: fates than death.
dialog: 50
text: The sneer is back.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Itll think up one for you! Lock her up!
text: Brok and others haul her away. Einon picks up the dagger
text: then gazes at his mother, watching him in inscrutable
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Where's my wine!
text: He jabs the dagger into a hunk of meat and tears off a bite
text: with his teeth.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - KARA'S DAGGER - DAY
text: Kara's dagger furiously chops at a wooden branch. CAMERA
text: BACK on Einon, dressed in an open jerkin, on the battlements
text: amid the work rubble of renovation.
text: Einon idly chops at a piece of scaffolding with Kara's knife,
text: mesmerized by the glow of...
text: THE FORGE...fiery hot. Sweaty bodies toil over it, hammering
text: out hinges and bars. Other workers scuttle about, banging
text: and sawing in counterpoint to...
text: EINON'S VIOLENT WHITTLING...As he watches, the noise seems to
text: get louder in his head, swirling and jarring, TRANSFORMING
text: INTO OTHER SOUNDS...SOUNDS OF BATTLE...clanking metal and
text: clashing arms! Suddenly, Einon's eyes spark with ferocious
text: light. He charges down a stairway.
scene_heading: INT. EINON'S CASTLE ~- STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Einon flies down a flight of stone steps.
scene_heading: EINON'S CASTLE - COURTYARD - DAY
text: Einon stalks through the courtyard with determined purpose,
text: bolting into a grated doorway.
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEON ~ DAY
text: Einon barges into the dungeon, startling Kara, chained to the
text: wall. His intense gaze is unnerving. He idly strokes his
text: chest with the knife. As he presses into her, he slides the
text: blade from the folds of his shirt and caresses her throat
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I remember now...
dialog: 51
text: He rips open her blouse with the dagger. She gasps as he
text: slides the blade along her chest. Over her jerking heart.
text: He flips aside the torn flaps of the garment to peer at her
dialog: breasts.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: XY remember...
scene_heading: INT. BEDCHAMBER ~ EINON'S CASTLE - ON KARA - SUNSET
text: Kara, in a simple shift, lies amidst the rumpled coverlets of
text: a bed. The unspilt tears in her eyes glisten in the candle-
text: glow of a nearby sconce.
text: Einon sits on the edge of the bed, his jerkin open and loose.
text: ‘He sneers in amused contempt as her first tear falls.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: (drunkenly)
dialog: You weep? You could be on the battle-
dialog: ments as buzzard bait rather than in the
dialog: royal bed. Rebels must learn to love
dialog: their king.
text: He lurches up and weaves to the nightstand where he refills
text: his wine cup. Kara spies his discarded belt on the floor
text: +--and her dagger tucked in jit.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATEAU - ON DAGGER - SUNSET
text: A dagger plunges down...against a flint. CAMERA BACK. Bowen
text: and the Dragon camp in a canyon. A plucked bird is skewered
text: ona spit. Bowen tries to start a fire with a flint. The
text: Dragon watches in amusement. Flame snorts from his nostrils
text: and the campfire's ablaze. So's the bird. Bowen nods a
text: dubious thanks as the Dragon wipes the black rings from his
text: nostrils with a sniff.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Hope you like it well done.
text: Bowen jerks the spit from the fire, beats the flames off the
text: bird, and eats. Firelight flickers over the shiny horns on
text: Bowen's shield. Bowen notices the Dragon staring at them.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Did you hate us so much?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I hated one of you.
dialog: (refers to shield)
dialog: These I killed, because I wanted to kill
dialog: him. But never found him. Never shall.
dialog: If you are the last, he must be dead.
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Yes..What was he like? This Dragon you
dialog: hated.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: He had only half a heart. But even one
dialog: half held enough evil to pollute an
dialog: innocent.
text: Dragon, forgetting himself, rises up, hotly.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Einon was no innocent! He polluted the
dialog: heart!
text: Now Bowen rises. The pair stare wildly at each other...Bowen
dialog: surprised the Dragon knows this history...The Dragon worried
text: he might have tipped his hand.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: So you know the story, Dragon?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: All Dragons knew it! What was to be
text: their hope became their doom. A spoiled,
dialog: ungrateful child was given a great gift
dialog: and destroyed it!
text: The words cut through Bowen, prodding the suspicion he has
dialog: always held...and never wanted to confront.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No! I knew that boy. Taught hin.
dialog: Taught him the ways of honour and right.
dialog: The Old Code.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Then he betrayed you, even as he betrayed
dialog: the dragon whose heart he broke!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: That's a lie, Dragon!
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Stop calling me dragon! I have a name!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What is it then, Dragon?
text: This breaks the tension. The Dragon shrugs sheepishly.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Well...uh...you couldn't possibly
dialog: pronounce it in your tongue.
dialog: 53
text: Bowen turns away in exasperated disgust, flinging his bird
text: into the fire. Behind him the Dragon suddenly clutches at
text: his shoulder and staggers in pain. A RED GLOW PULSATES
text: BENEATH THE SKIN OF HIS AILING SHOULDER. THE DRAGON MOANS.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Arr...er...awwrr.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You're right. I couldn't pronounce it...
text: Again, the Dragon moans and Bowen realizes he wasn't getting
dialog: a language lesson. This language is universal -- PAIN! He
text: wheels to see the Dragon fall, wincing to the ground.
scene_heading: ‘INT. EINON'S CASTLE - BEDCHAMBER - ON WINE CUP - NIGHT
text: Einon's wine cup rolls on the floor, the wine seeping across
text: the stones like blood. CAMERA UP. Einon, a startled glaze
text: in his eyes, slumps against the wall. HIS DAGGER is buried
text: hilt deep in his left shoulder. Kara glares at him.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: A love dart from Cupid, Einon!
text: Einon jerks up, wrenching the blade from his jerkin sleeve,
text: which he cuts open, exposing the wound...A thin line of blood
text: trickles from his shoulder, but the wound is surprisingly
text: slight. Einon laughs, wiping at the blood and sucking it
text: from his finger.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Not as deep or deadly as you thought?
text: Next time stab more flesh, less cloth.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Next time I'll pierce your heart!
text: He grabs her arm and throws her on the bed, hovering over
text: her, pulling close.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: You already did, sweet, in more ways than
dialog: one. A very special heart. Like no other.
text: He places her hand against his chest. She yanks it back.
speaker_heading: KARA
text: A black withered thing devoid of pity.
text: Einon brings the knife to her throat. But as he gazes at her
text: lovely face twisted in hate for him, he calms, caressing her
text: with the dagger, wiping his blood on her cheek. In his eyes
text: is a pathetic perverse look of pain.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Then teach me. Pity me... Everything. I
dialog: would give you everything. Even power.
dialog: You are so...beautiful.
text: Knife still against her cheek, he kisses her reluctant lips
text: in awkward tenderness. As she pulls back, he shoves her on
text: the bed and sticks the knife in the bedpost. Kara glares up
dialog: and sees...
text: HIS WOUND...is almost ENTIRELY HEALED. As though she only
dialog: scratched him!
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Even power...even a throne...
text: ‘He staggers drunkenly from the room. Kara fights back fresh
text: tears, her hands scraping down her body as though trying to
text: rub his foul touch from her. In manic fury, she rips the
text: covers from the bed, then collapses on it, tears flooding.
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON - ON DRAGON - NIGHT
text: Firelight reflects across his face as...
text: BOWEN...concern etched in his face, uses a wet saddle blanket
text: as a compress for the Dragon's shoulder, still glowing hot.
text: STEAM puffs up in a SIZZLING HISS as Bowen places the blanket
text: over the wound and the glow subsides.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: Thank you. It's passed now.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What was it?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: An old complaint that acts up now and
dialog: again...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Forgive me if anything I said...If I
dialog: upset you...
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: It wasn't you...not you...
scene_heading: INT. EINON'S CASTLE ~ BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Kara fitfully sleeps. A SHADOW falls over her. She stirs as
text: a hand pulls the dagger from the bedpost. She jerks up,
text: cowering. Aislinn steps into the candlelight.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: How did you come here?
dialog: 
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: T have my ways.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Why did you come?
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: To help.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I need no help from her who bore the
dialog: beast.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: I bore a child...An innocent child. Was
dialog: it his fault he was the bitter fruit of a
dialog: seed sown without love?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I would have smothered such a child in
text: his crib.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: You say so now. I thought so once. But
dialog: when you hold him in your arms, you do
dialog: not see the monster he can become...Only
dialog: a small something that is a part of you,
dialog: erying for your nourishment, frail and
dialog: helpless... And you do not realize you
dialog: are the helpless one.
dialog: (bitter outburst)
dialog: How could I guide him when I was merely a
dialog: bit of plunder? A creature of
dialog: submission. Allowed no pleasure. No
dialog: feelings. No voice. How could he hear
dialog: me? What was left for him but his
dialog: father's taint?
text: Aislinn, trembling with emotion, regains her regal composure.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Is this the help you offer? To foretell
dialog: my future in your past? Give me the
dialog: dagger. Let me kill myself before I am
dialog: accomplice to this vile legacy.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: Why wish for death, when there is
dialog: freedom?
text: The Queen takes a candle and goes to a corner of the chamber,
text: illuminating a stone wall. She presses a hidden spring and
text: the wall creaks open, exposing a secret passage.
dialog: 56
scene_heading: INT. EINON'S CASTLE - CISTERN - NIGRT
text: A stone wall slides open and Kara and Aislinn step out into a
text: large CISTERN. Below them is the water. Aislinn leads Kara
text: down a stone path that runs along the wall of the cistern.
text: Kara sees the door on the other side and starts to open it,
text: but Aislinn stops her, sliding open a small hatch in the
text: door. Through the peephole, Kara can see...
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE ~ COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: «.+.The guards patrolling the courtyard.
scene_heading: -INT. EINON'S CASTLE - CISTERN - NIGHT
text: Aislinn points to an iron door, just above the water's
text: surface. Kara heads for it, stopping before it to turn back.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Thank y...
text: But Aislinn has disappeared once more into the shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - BASE OF TRE WALL - NIGHT
text: Kara stealthily emerges from a crevice of the castle wall's
text: rocky foundation and slides down a steep pass into the
text: darkness of the night.
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON - ON BOWEN - NIGHT
text: A cape around his shoulders, nodding off to sleep. As his
text: head slumps forward, he jerks it back, popping his eyes open.
speaker_heading: DRAGON (0S)
dialog: Have you been watching over me all night?
text: CAMERA BACK. The Dragon is curled on the ground behind
text: Bowen, who has indeed been holding vigil, though he's
text: embarrassed by it.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I've...been thinking...
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: About what...?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Many things...Mostly what to call you.
dialog: I've found you a name.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: 57
dialog: You say that as though you reached up and
text: plucked it from the sky.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I did. Up there. See that cluster of
dialog: stars there?
scene_heading: EXT. STARRY -SKY - NIGHT
text: A SERIES OF STARS shine brilliantly against night's black
text: curtain. It is the CONSTELLATION OF DRACO.
dialog: (NOTE: The radiance of these stars should be highly
text: exaggerated to make the pattern of the constellation plainly
dialog: visible.)
text: The Dragon's head looms into frame, staring at the stars.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: I know those stars very well.
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON ~ NIGHT
text: The Dragon gazes up at the stars in fervent longing.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Do you see the shape they make?
speaker_heading: DRAGON
text: A dragon.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Yes. We call it DRACO. It means dragon
text: in the scholar's speech.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: So instead of calling me Dragon in your
dialog: tongue, you'll call me Dragon in some
dialog: other tongue.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You're right. It's a silly idea.
speaker_heading: DRAGON
dialog: No...I would be honoured to be named
dialog: after those stars. Draco. Thank you,
dialog: Kni...Do you have a name?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Bowen.
speaker_heading: . DRAGON
dialog: Thank you, Bowen.
text: DRACO looks skyward at his namesake.
dialog: 
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: ...Draco...
text: The serpentine constellation glows in the night sky.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - LONG SHOT ~ NIGHT
text: CRASHING & YELLING echoes from within the forbidding edifice.
speaker_heading: EINON (0S)
dialog: Dogs! Fools!
scene_heading: INT. BEDCHAMBER ~ EINON'S CASTLE -— NIGHT
text: ‘A GUARD flies across the room, clattering into a table and
text: chairs. ANOTHER GUARD staggers out of the debris of
text: overturned bedding and a nightstand. An enraged Einon grabs
text: him by the neck and flings him into the open fireplace.
text: A nervous Brok and an inscrutable Aislinn watch Einon's
text: lethal tantrum as the guard rolls yelping out of the fire and
text: Einon descends on him with the IRON FIREPLACE POKER,
text: repeatedly beating the man on the back and legs.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: If you can't guard a simple girl, then go
text: guard shades in Hell.
text: Brok intercedes with wary caution.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: Sire! How could they have known of that?
text: Wild with fury, spittle flecking his lips, he spins on Brok,
text: pressing the tip of the poker against the Knight's throat as
text: though he'd plunge through the other side. Brok points to
text: the open secret passage. Einon turns to it, his rage
text: subsiding slightly as he's struck by a thought.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: More importantly, how could the girl
dialog: know?
text: His dark gaze shifts to his mother as he lowers the poker
text: from Brok's throat. He kicks the guard at his feet and
text: flings the poker at the other.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Get out!
text: The guards scurry out the door. Einon, still staring at his
text: mother, issues a command to Brok.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Get my best men!
dialog: 59
text: Brok bows and exits. Aislinn cooly returns Einon's gaze.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: I'll send someone to clean up this mess.
text: She exits. Einon suspiciously watches her go.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - DAY
text: A BARRAGE OF VEGETABLES COMES FLYING AT THE CAMERA, which
speaker_heading: PANS TO:
text: AN ANGRY MOB...pursuing A DISHEVELLED YOUNG WOMAN through the
text: village, pelting her with rotten vegetables and handfuls of
text: mud. Shouting above the crowd, the girl futilely tries to
text: -hold her ground. Underneath the mud, splattered produce, and
dialog: grungy clothes, it's KARA!
speaker_heading: KARA
text: Throw off the yoke of Einon's oppression.
dialog: Raise arms, I say!
text: SPLOTCH! A ROTTEN CABBAGE plows into her chest. SPLAT! A
text: GLOP OF MUD smacks her forehead.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Listen to me!
text: WHACK! MORE MUD sprays across her. A strapping blacksmith,
text: HEWE, sporting an EYEPATCH, has thrown it.
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: To treason! Your father sang that sour
dialog: tune once, Kara.
dialog: (points to his eye)
dialog: And once was enough. We'll not dance to
dialog: it again!
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No, just cringe like dogs under Einon's
dialog: boot.
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: A cringing dog's a live one!
text: Hewe rears back to toss a SQUASH, but ANOTHER HAND plucks it
text: from his grasp. The peasant angrily wheels about to
dialog: confront...
text: BOWEN...breaking the squash in half and biting into a piece.
text: Kara remembers him instantly and a smile of recognition
text: breaks through the veil of dripping vegetables.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Why waste good food on bad rhetoric?
text: Kara's smile disappears as she snarls in umbrage.
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I speak truth!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (munching squash)
dialog: Truth is rarely inspiring, lass, and
dialog: never wins rebellions. But. it can
dialog: stretch rebels' necks...if there is a
dialog: neck under that vegetable patch.
text: Kara self-consciously wipes at her face. Grinning, Bowen,
text: offers her the other squash half. She indignantly shoves it
text: in his face. The crowd laughs then...
text: A WOMAN SCREAMS...and points skyward...A WIND rustles through
text: the village as the crowd dives for cover. Bowen wipes the
text: ‘squash from his eyes just in time to see:
text: DRACO'S WING...dip past, knocking a PATCH OF THATCH off a hut
text: roof. It plops on...
text: BOWEN...who falls to the ground underneath it. He comes up
text: spewing thatch and glaring skyward, mumbling to himself.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Show-off...
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - LATER ~ DAY
text: Draco, smoke curling from his nostrils, perches on a rocky
text: ledge overhanging a GROVE OF TREES a short distance from the
text: village like a vulture, hungrily eying...
text: THE VILLAGERS...huddling behind their hut. Hewe dickers with
text: a peeved Bowen, still picking thatch out of his clothes.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Where's the Lord responsible for this
dialog: village?
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: In a fine house six miles away. He'll
dialog: just blame any destruction on us and
dialog: pluck our pockets to pay for it.
text: This remark nettles Bowen's latent conscience but not enough
text: to dissuade him.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Well, I won't pluck them as deeply! It
dialog: was a fair offer, take it or leave..-him!
dialog: (points to Draco)
text: The villagers mumble among themselves as Kara shoves through
text: the crowd, dripping mud and mushy vegetables in her wake.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: 61
dialog: (points to Bowen)
dialog: Leave him! It's bad enough you grovel to
dialog: Einon. Will you be bullied by some
dialog: blackmailing broken-down knight? You
dialog: don't need him to get rid of a dragon!
text: Bowen glares, caring neither for her insults nor meddling.
text: He turns to a ROTUND VILLAGER with THREE ROTUND DAUGHTERS.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: That's right. Perhaps you'll part with
dialog: one of your delectable daughters instead
dialog: of gold. Dragons are partial to maiden
dialog: sacrifices.
text: The Rotund Villager fans his arms in front of his daughters
dialog: to protect them from such a horrid thought. But Hewe likes
dialog: the idea, with alterations...
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: Why must it be a daughter?
text: The crowd turns with him as his shifty gaze falls on...
text: KARA...jaw dropping as she realizes their intent.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - THE FIELD ~ DAY
text: The VILLAGERS roll a rickety CART out to an open field, the
dialog: old battlefield where they fought King Freyne. Kara,
text: strapped to a pole wedged into the back of the cart, yells
text: her head off.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No! No! Please! I'm not even a virgin!
text: Bowen watches in exasperated disgust.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: Superstitious yokels.
text: He mounts up and rides out of the village.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCK SPIRE - DAY
text: From his perch, Draco watches the shenanigans of the
text: villagers in utter befuddlement. Suddenly, he sees Bowen
text: below, riding up to the base of the rock.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Who's the girl?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: A nuisance. Get rid of her.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: They're trying to placate you with a
dialog: sacrifice.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Whoever gave them that bright idea?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Never mind! They're imbeciles.
speaker_heading: DRACO.
dialog: Barbarians!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Just get rid of her!
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: How should I know? Eat her.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Oh please! Yecch!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: My, aren't we squeamish? You ate Sir
dialog: Eglamore.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: I never swallowed! Merely chewed in
dialog: self~defense.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Oh...then I suppose torching her's out of
dialog: the question.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Absolutely!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: It would impress the yokels.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Will you listen to yourself?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Well...then...improvise!
text: Draco heaves a sigh and swoops off the rock towards...
dialog: 63
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - THE FIELD - DAY
text: KARA...who screams, Draco reaches out a claw to her
text: whereupon she faints. Draco wrenches the stake out of the
text: cart, flies off with the limp girl OUT OF FRAME.
text: As the empty stake plops back down to the ground, the CROWD
text: pours out into the village, cheering.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: A sour-faced Bowen comes riding through. Suddenly he hears
text: TRILLING. The strange DRAGONSONG. But this time the musical
text: trill is light and happy, not melancholy as before.
text: -Bowen spurs his horse to the sound, coming to a clearing
dialog: where he spies...
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL - DUSK
text: KARA...sits on a rock, soaking up the sun, as Draco
text: contentedly trills. Kara is transported, touched by the
text: strange music. She smiles at Draco.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: You have a beautiful voice.
text: Draco BLUSHES A BRIGHT CRIMSON. Kara laughs at his awkward
dialog: shyness.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: You're not like a dragon at all.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: How many do you know?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: None that serenade maidens instead of
dialog: devouring them. You're entirely too
dialog: happy for a dragon. I bet you don't do
dialog: any of the horrid things they say.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Minstrels' fancies. Never hurt a soul
dialog: unless they try to hurt me first.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Then why were you in that village?
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Oh?...0h! The village!
speaker_heading: BOWEN (0S)
dialog: Yes! You remember the village.
text: Both Kara and Draco turn to...
dialog: 64
text: BOWEN...stomping toward them. Kara emits a warlike screech
text: and leaps onto his horse. She plops in the saddle, face~to-
text: face with Bowen and starts to pummel him.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Leave him alone, you bully! Run, Draco,
dialog: fly! I'll hold hin,
dialog: (to Bowen)
dialog: Pick on someone your own size!
text: Draco suppresses his laughter as Bowen and Kara tumble from
text: the saddle in the pond. Bowen sputters at Draco.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Where have you been?
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: I've been...distracted...Bowen, meet
dialog: Kara.
text: Bowen turns to Kara and, with an exasperated sigh,
text: grabs her floundering arm to help her up. She slaps him
text: away. He lets go. She flops back down in the pond.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You should have eaten her!
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Now don't be angry.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Why not? You left me high and dry.
dialog: Worried to death...
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Worried? Over me?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: .+-Here I am waiting around...I don't
dialog: know what's happened? Where you are?
dialog: When you're coming back?...
text: Suddenly Draco tenses. All aquiver. Listening. He whirls
text: back behind the waterfall. Kara watches him go.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: ...-If you're coming back? You just...
text: Bowen wheels back to Draco, only to discover him gone.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: ...disappear...
text: He glares suspiciously at Kara, as though she's hidden him.
text: Before she can respond, Draco's head pops through the
dialog: waterfall.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: DRACO
text: Horses. Someone's coming.
text: Draco ducks back behind the falls as Bowen and Kara also hear
text: the horses. Bowen turns to face them.
text: THE RIDERS emerge from the trees. Kara recognizes them. And
text: they, her! It's EINON with a search party.
text: As the Riders charge up, Bowen leaps protectively in front of
text: the frightened girl, his sword whirling in a flashy display
text: as Einon's minions hesitate. As they slowly surround hin,
text: Bowen tensely holds his ground. BOOMING LAUGHTER suddenly
text: breaks the stand-off.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: It can't be! But it is! The king's old
dialog: mentor! Still giving carving lessons?
text: Bowen sizes Einon up. He doesn't care for what he sees.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Get off your horse and I'll give you one.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I'm bigger now. Perhaps, I'll give you
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Stick to slaughtering peasants. It's
dialog: safer.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Oh, we don't slaughter them anymore.
dialog: They can't pay their taxes if they're
dialog: dead.
dialog: (surveys Bowen's
dialog: ragged condition)
dialog: Seems times have not been kind, Bowen.
dialog: You should never have broke with me.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: It was you who broke with me.
text: Einon idly strokes his scar in dark and, perhaps, even
text: regretful remembrance. But he shakes off old memories with a
text: twisted smile.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Yet you return to me and with my lost
dialog: lady.
text: Bowen turns to Kara, surprised. She shakes her head in
dialog: vigorous denial.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I think the lady wants to stay lost.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Not her choice, I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: My three feet of steel says it is,
text: Kara laughs, delighted to have a defender. Einon flushes
text: with anger. Then he slowly smiles as he unsheaths his sword.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I'm ready for my lesson now, knight...
text: As Bowen tenses, on guard, expecting an hounourable fight.
text: Instead, he gets a dirty trick.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: But first, one for you!
text: Einon flings his shield at him. Bowen is knocked into the
text: water. He deftly rolls and uses the shield to protect
text: himself from the flailing hooves of Einon's horse as,
text: laughing savagely, Einon charges over him and grabs Kara by
text: the hair, jerking her head back.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Don't go anywhere, sweet. This won't
dialog: take long.
text: He bends over and ruthlessly kisses the squirming girl. As
text: he does, Bowen springs up and slams the shield against
text: Einon's back, unseating him from his horse.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Only expose your back to a corpse.
dialog: That's one lesson you never learned.
text: Einon's men start to rush in, but Einon comes up shaking
text: water, eyes flashing.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Stand back!
dialog: (to Bowen)
dialog: You are a corpse!
text: The two engage. Trading fast and furious blows. As they
text: fight, a shadow watches from behind the waterfall.
scene_heading: INT. WATERFALL - CAVE - DAY
text: The two combatants are watched through the cascading water.
text: The clank of steel is heard above the rushing water. And the
text: laboured breathing of Draco.
dialog: 67
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL - DAY
text: The swordplay is dazzling and Bowen's holding his own. But
dialog: Einon's younger. And faster.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Lie down, Knight. Life has passed you
dialog: by. You'tre the sorry scrap of dead world
dialog: and dead beliefs!
text: The taunts renew Bowen's fury.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: They were your beliefs!
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Never! Never mine!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: They were! The old code...
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I spit on your code! I spit on it then.
dialog: And I spit on it now!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No! You knew the words! You spoke them!
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I vomitted them up because I couldn't
dialog: stomach them.
text: Bowen doesn't want to hear it. His sad fantasy that the
text: Dragon tainted Einon is unravelling. Tears well in his eyes.
text: He tries to shout down the truth.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Lies! I taught you...
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: ...-to fight! That's all! I took what I
dialog: needed from you, knight. You taught me
dialog: to fight! And well!
text: It's the coup de grace. Bowen, dazed by his broken dream,
text: attacks sloppily. Einon's blade rips across his shoulder and
text: sends the shattered knight spinning back onto his knees in
dialog: the water.
text: Einon charges in, blade upraised. But before he can deliver
text: the deathblow, he's blinded by a SWOOSHING SPRAY OF WATER.
text: Growling, he shakes it from his eyes to discover...
text: DRACO...between Einon and Bowen. Roaring fiercely. His
text: wings swing up and the scales on his chest fall back,
text: exposing...THE RED SCAR on his chest. Einon, quaking in
text: fear, recognizes the Dragon...and his death and SCREAMS.
dialog: 68
text: Dashing for his horse, the terrified king mounts and gallops
text: away. The rest of his minions follow him. Bowen staggers
text: out of the water and sloshes over to Draco. He is still
text: shaken and angry from his encounter with Einon.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Who asked you to butt in? I had
dialog: everything under control!
text: Draco doesn't answer. He watches Einon ride off, disturbed
text: and concerned. Someone else is disturbed by something.
text: Bowen feels a tug at his sleeve. It's Kara.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Just how is it you two know each other?
text: -Bowen and Draco trade a sheepish glance.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP VILLAGE - BRIDGE — DAY
text: Bowen leads his horse across a rickety bridge over a swampy
text: river. Kara walks along side him. Bowen winces and rubs his
text: wounded shoulder.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Here. Let me see.
text: She opens his jerkin and tenderly removes the ragged bandage.
text: Bowen. watches her. Her head close to his. She looks up and
text: catches him staring at her. He quickly shifts his gaze.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: It's all healed, Bowen. Just a little
dialog: stiff.
text: Bowen limbers up his arm. His eyes rove downriver where a
text: cluster of MUD HUTS sit on an island in the middle of a
scene_heading: DREARY, MIST-ENSHROUDED MARSH.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: That village ought to give it a little
dialog: exercise.
text: He looks up as a SHADOW passes overhead.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: But no medicine for your other wound.
text: Bowen rubs his shoulder and glares at her. She appraises him
text: with hurt, disappointed, pleading eyes.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I have no other wound.
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: You won't soothe your sick heart, Bowen,
dialog: by wasting your courage and skill on
dialog: worthless acts.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What wound festers in you, girl?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: A deep one. It hurts to know my heroes
dialog: are nothing more than charlatans looking
dialog: out only for themselves.
text: A SHADOW intermittently passes over the pair.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Well, that's the way the wretched world
text: turns, girl.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: And those who cannot look out for
dialog: themselves?...You could lead them, Bowen.
dialog: Give them hope.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: False hope! Even if you could raise a
dialog: ragtag army, what chance do they have
dialog: against seasoned troops? The last time
dialog: they tried it ended up a massacre. I
dialog: remember! I was there!
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: So was I. And I remember more. One lone
dialog: knight who dare to stand against the king
dialog: and saved a rebel from a blinding.
dialog: (Bowen turns sharply)
dialog: ---for a little while anyway..-.You,
dialog: Bowen. The rebel was my father.
text: She sadly fingers Red-beard's headband about her throat.
text: Bowen looks at her, the memory slowly crystallizing.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Let others stand with you and this time
dialog: the end will be different.
text: Bowen takes her gently by the shoulders, gazing sadly in her
text: flaring eyes, drinking in her angry beauty with melancholy
text: yearning. Unable to stand his probing gaze, Kara breaks
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Myself once upon a time...
dialog: 70
text: Bowen mounts his horse. As the Shadow passes overhead again,
text: he calls up to it.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I'll see you in the village, Draco.
text: As he mounts up, Draco floats down beside Kara, appraising
text: her with sad, disturbed eyes.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: What will you do, Kara?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Try to turn the wretched world the other
dialog: way.
text: ‘Bowen turns back and looks at them for a moment and then
text: spurs his horse over the bridge.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Einon will not fall in my lifetime.
text: Unable to look at her any longer, Draco zooms off downriver.
text: Kara watches him go.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP VILLAGE -DAY
text: Bowen swats at BUZZING MOSQUITOS as he rides through a
text: marshland river toward...
text: A VILLAGE...situated on an island in the middle of a DREARY,
text: MIST-ENSHROUDED MARSH. From the looks of it, the village is
text: fairly dreary too. From the mud and straw huts emerge
text: SEVERAL TALL BRUTISH WARRIORS who come forth to meet Bowen.
text: They hesitate as the RUSTLE OF WINGS and WIND kicks past
text: them, looking skyward. So does Bowen. Then he looks
text: dubiously at the village. With a weary shake of his head, he
text: swats another mosquito and leads his horse through the
text: shallow marsh.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP VILLAGE - MONEY SACK —- DAY
text: A MONEY SACK is passed from hand-to-hand...each dropping
text: something of value in it. A coin or two...a tarnished goblet
text: +..a ring. CAMERA BACK as the sack is given to the VILLAGE
text: CHIEF -- a gaunt giant who holds the sack out to:
text: BOWEN...miserable. The village is miserable. The villagers
text: are miserable. Towering, ragged giants, hollow cheeks and
text: haunted eyes. No minion of Einon's here to gouge. Nor to
text: act as a salve to his guilty conscience. Mortified, Bowen
text: swats at the mosquitos that seem to abound. Even the climate
text: and the livestock are miserable. He stares up at...
text: DRACO...who menacingly flies over the swamp.
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: KARA (OS)
dialog: Wait!
text: KARA...pushes through the press of villagers.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: This man is a fraud!
text: The Chief jerks the money back. Kara smiles in gloating
text: triumph. Bowen thrusts out his dragonhorn shield.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Is this a fraud? That girl's a wandering
dialog: idiot, babbling nonsense!
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: That's a lie! This Knight is no
dialog: Dragonslayer.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (OS)
dialog: You're mistaken, my child.
text: FRIAR GILBERT...emerges from the crowd, his parchment sack
text: slung on his back, swatting at the mosquitos with a scroll.
dialog: A welcome sight for Bowen.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Gilbert!
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (embraces him)
dialog: Bowen, my lad! Praise the Saints, you're
dialog: alive! And whole!
text: (feels Bowen's arm to
dialog: make sure; to Chief)
dialog: You couldn't put your trust in a better
dialog: man. I have personally seen him slay
text: almost two dragons.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Almost?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Well, I didn't actually witness the
dialog: deathblow to the second, but since Sir
dialog: Bowen's here, he must have won!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (smugly)
dialog: I never lose.
text: Chief thrusts the money at Bowen again, but Kara stops hin.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No! He's in league with the dragon!
dialog: 72
text: Everyone stares at her. Bowen. Gilbert. The Villlagers.
text: Their Chief...who slowly starts to chuckle, then laugh. He
text: hands the money to Bowen who also laughs and makes a crazy
text: sign in reference to Kara.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Told you. An addle-pated ninny!
text: Everyone is laughing now, except a fuming Kara!
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP VILLAGE ~ EDGE OF SWAMP -DAY
text: Bowen has once again devised "A WHACKER". Gilbert gleefully
text: helps out, driving the ballast-cart ox into position until
text: Bowen signals him to stop.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Whoa, Gilbert. Hold it steady there!
text: As Bowen loads and sights "The Whacker", Kara, like one of
text: the constantly buzzing mosquitos, hovers beside Bowen,
text: speaking so Gilbert cannot overhear.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I thought you had sunk low, Bowen. But
dialog: not this low.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Wait till you see how low Draco sinks.
text: Twang! Bowen slices the rope-trigger and the HARPOON flies
dialog: off toward...
text: DRACO...who expertly snares the lance under his wing and, as
text: before, goes into his death-throes and swoons down into the
text: marsh. But not under! He lands with a huge muddy splat that
text: sprays both Kara and Bowen.
text: Bowen wipes off muck, finding Draco at the edge of the swamp,
text: belly up, eyes closed, frozen in an awkward death pose.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Well, sink! sink!
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: (not breaking his
dialog: pose)
dialog: How? It doesn't get any deeper.
text: Kara laughs at their predicament. Bowen wheels and glares at
text: her, just as Gilbert coming joyously running up.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: You've done it again, Sir Knight! Oooh,
text: look at the brute. Bigger than the last
dialog: one you tangled with.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: Actually, he's about the same size.
text: Bowen steers Gilbert away. But he can't steer away...
text: THE SWAMP PEOPLE...charging up. Armed to the teeth with
text: axes. Mouths watering. Chanting rapturously.
speaker_heading: SWAMP PEOPLE
dialog: Meat! Meat!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Uh-oh...
text: Shocked, Draco breaks his death tableau, jerking his head up.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Good Lord, It's alive!
text: The swamp people halt when they see the dragon's not dead
dialog: yet! But their Chief urges them on.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Quickly! Kill it while it's down.
text: Bowen, having mounted, rides out to stop them.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No! Stay back!
text: They don't...rushing by him, chanting "Meat!", toward...
text: DRACO...flopping up an@ fluttering about like a duck stuck in
text: the mud. He finally gets unstuck and, just as the swamp
text: dwellers descend on him, whooshes out of the mud and out of
dialog: reach.
text: The swamp people turn back, glaring with suspicious hunger
dialog: at...
text: BOWEN & KARA...who watch them start to close in.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (to Kara)
dialog: Happy now? They're on to us.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Us?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Come on. We don't want to stay for
dialog: dinner.
text: He scoops Kara over the back of the saddle like a sack of
text: wheat and spurs his horse through the pack of angry swampers.
text: More swampers rush...
dialog: 74
text: GILBERT...utterly baffled by all this. He hollers a startled
text: screech and sloshes through the marsh, joining the panicked
text: parade of swampers, Bowen, Kara, and the horse.
text: He runs smack dab into the chief, who raises his huge
text: cleaver. Before it can come down, the money sack smacks him
text: in the chops...flung by Bowen, riding up.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No dragon, no charge!
text: Bowen gives the priest a hand onto the rump of the overburden
text: steed. Gilbert clutches slumped-over Kara's rump.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Forgive me!
text: Kara squirms right side up, only backwards on the horse,
text: facing Gilbert who reaches again for support, nearly grabbing
text: Kara's breasts. Her scandalized look dissaudes him and he
text: clutches Bowen's sides which causes his bald pate to nestle
text: in Kara's cleavage as the two are bobbled by the swerving
dialog: horse. But no matter which way they turn, swampers are
text: closing in.
dialog: But there's one way left to turn. Up. And Draco provides
text: it. Swampers go squealing, as Draco's wings FILL THE SCREEN.
text: When he swoops OUT OF FRAME, all that's left in the swamp are
text: the swampers. The horse and its riders are gone.
text: The swamp folk watch the low-flying Dragon and his cargo
text: disappear into the DENSE FOG enshrouding the heart of the
text: swamp. The Chief's sharp eyes stare up into the mist...to
text: the craggy TOR jutting up out of the haze.
scene_heading: EXT. TOR ~ AERIAL SHOT ~ DAY
text: The SCREEN IS FILLED WITH THICK FOG, we hear FLAPPING WINGS.
text: A FRIGHTENED NEIGH. THEN GILBERT'S QUAVERING VOICE.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (0S)
dialog: Saints perserve us! I nearly have my
dialog: bald pate trimmed at my neck. I find you
text: in league with a pair of rogues...one, a
dialog: Dragon who kidnaps me...! Only to get us
dialog: lost in this dreadful fog!
speaker_heading: DRACO(0S)
dialog: Not lost. Never lost.
text: Draco's firm voice shushes the whining. As does the SIGHT
text: looming out of the thinning fog....
dialog: 75
text: THE RUINS OF AN ANCIENT CASTLE...seen from above. At its
text: center is a RING OF EERIE STONE COLUMNS.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (OS)
dialog: What deadly, unholy place is this?
speaker_heading: DRACO (OS)
dialog: Most holy, priest. More than death
dialog: dwells here, Brother Gilbert.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (0S)
dialog: W- What more?
speaker_heading: DRACO (OS)
text: A spirit. Beyond death. Alive and
dialog: eternal. That remembers the Once-ways
dialog: and the glory of one who shared our name.
speaker_heading: BOWEN (0S)
dialog: What one?
speaker_heading: DRACO (0S)
dialog: The Pendragon!
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Pend --! Arthur Pendragon!... King
dialog: Arthur! A land of mist...Avalon!
text: Avalon! Coming closer and closer into view!
scene_heading: EXT. TOR - NIGHT
text: Gilbert prays before the tallest column in the circle of
dialog: stone.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: So it was foretold. And so I have found
dialog: you, Brave Arthur. Among your brother
text: knights in a grove upon a tor. Nota
dialog: grove. But the Round Table of Camelot...
dialog: This mention of the Round Table has it's affect on...
text: BOWEN...moving solemnly among the stone columns, talking to
text: himself, touching the stones.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: The Round Table..Here was Sir Gawain's
dialog: place...Here Galahad...
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Let us who remember the glories of your
dialog: golden kingdom feel your noble spirit, 0
dialog: King.
text: Bowen weaves through the columns, stopping at the one just to
dialog: the right of Arthur's.
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: »»-Lancelot...the right hand of Arthur.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: -.and let the Song of Excalibur echo in
dialog: our enemy's ear. Amen...I'm ready, my
dialog: child.
text: He rises and joins Kara. Both turn to Bowen, moving slowly
dialog: to Arthur's stone.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: And you, Bowen?
text: Bowen is obviously moved by this experience, but not moved
text: enough to give Gilbert the answer he hopes for.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: My son...This is Avalon. The shadow
dialog: realm of the Round Table. It is a divine
dialog: omen!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Omens and shadows won't win battles. Nor
dialog: will you. You'll find out soon enough
dialog: when you try to raise your army.
dialog: (to Kara)
dialog: You already know the courage of your
dialog: village. They're very brave at pelting
dialog: girls with vegetables.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: It must start somewhere.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Will you wish us luck, Draco?
text: She turns to...
text: DRACO...perched on a crumbling castle turret framed between
text: two of the stone columns, gazing up at the sky...at the DRACO
scene_heading: CONSTELLATION.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Long ago, when man was young and the
dialog: dragon already old, the wisest of our
dialog: race took pity on man and shared with him
dialog: our secrets. And when this Wise One was
dialog: dying, he gathered together all the
text: dragons, making them vow to watch over
dialog: man always. And at the moment of his
dialog: death, the night became alive with those
dialog: stars.
dialog: 77
scene_heading: DRACO'S POV - "THE DRACO CONSTELLATION
text: It glitters brightly in the black sky.
speaker_heading: DRACO (0S)
dialog: Through the years, his shimmering soul
text: was joined by others, as the dragons kept
dialog: their pledge to serve man...until the
text: heavens were aglow with stars.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Draco looks back down on the trio below.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: But then man grew arrogant with the gift
dialog: of our power and shunned our guidance.
dialog: And fewer stars ascended the sky to hold
text: back black night.
text: Draco gazes forlornly at the sky.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: All my life I've longed to perform one
dialog: deed worthy of those shining above.
dialog: Finally my chance came. A great
dialog: sacrifice that would reunite
dialog: man and dragon and ensure my place
dialog: among my ancient brothers of the sky...
dialog: But my sacrifice became my sin.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: It was you. Your half-heart beats in
text: Einon's breast.
text: Draco descends into the circle of stone, baring the scales on
text: his breast, revealing a jagged crimson scar.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Yes. My half~heart that cost all my
dialog: soul. Even then I knew his bloodthirsty
dialog: nature, but I thought the heart could
dialog: change him. My God, I was naive.
text: Bowen barks a short savage laugh, then the bitterness in his
text: eyes is overwhelmed by tortured melancholy.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (quiet hollowness)
dialog: No more than I...Always I dreamed of
dialog: serving noble kings and nobler ideals.
dialog: But dreams die hard. And you hold them
dialog: in your hands long after they've crumbled
dialog: to dust. And in your heart long after
dialog: they've soured to bitter poison... I will
dialog: not be that naive again.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Kara, I will go with you.
text: Bowen wheels to Draco, stunned by the declaration...And the
text: sudden realization that now he is alone. But it does not
text: change his conviction. He turns from the others and walks
text: out of the circle of stone. Draco sadly watches him go.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: So be it. Farewell, Bowen.
scene_heading: EXT. TOR - ON SKY - NIGHT
text: RAIN comes down in torrents. CAMERA PANS TO...
text: -BOWEN...who seeks shelter in the hollow of crumbling turret.
text: The wind howls. The rain lances through the ever-present
text: mist. Bowen pulls up his cloak. Then he hears...A HOARSE
speaker_heading: WHISPER.
speaker_heading: WHISPER
dialog: Valour...Valour...
text: Bowen springs up, peering into rainy, windswept mist.
speaker_heading: WHISPER
dialog: Valour...
text: Bowen. whirls to the sound...It comes the stone columns.
speaker_heading: GHOST VOICE #1
dialog: A knight is sworn to valour...
speaker_heading: GHOST VOICE #2
dialog: His heart knows only virtue...
text: Rising up, Bowen walks from his shelter, listening to the
text: voices. Then a third VOICE joins the other GHOST
text: VOICES...then a FOURTH...
speaker_heading: GHOST VOICE #3
text: His blade defends the helpless...
speaker_heading: GHOST VOICE #4
dialog: His might upholds the weak...
text: Their hollow voices echo and overlap in the wind. A VOICE
text: floats out of LANCELOT'S stone next to Bowen, who falls back.
speaker_heading: LAUNCELOT'S VOICE
dialog: His word speaks only truth.
text: Then THE LAST VOICE...ARTHUR'S rises from his stone. Bowen
text: collapses to his knees as more than Arthur's voice emerges
dialog: from the stone...
dialog: 79
text: ARTHUR'S GHOSTLY IMAGE...floats before the stunned knight.
text: Eerie and majestic. Pale and as wispy as the swirling mist.
text: Slashed by the rain. Wavering in the wind.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR'S VOICE
dialog: His wrath undoes the wicked!
text: More GHOST VOICES OF THE ROUNDTABLE JOIN the echoing
text: brotherhood, reciting the Old Code in a crescendoing
text: cacophony accompanied by the roaring thunder and the driving
text: rain, whirling about Bowen in the whipping wind.
text: Drenched in rain and tears, Bowen covers his head from the
text: forbidding image of Arthur, from the jumble of sound,
text: reciting the code himself in a breathless, rushed litany,
text: trying to shout down the mad singsong racket of the spirit
text: -voices, trying to keep the sense of the words and their
dialog: Meaning.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: A knight is sworn to valour. His heart
text: knows only virtue. Blade defends the
text: helpless. Upholds the weak. Speaks only
dialog: truth...!
text: He's stopped, realizing his is the only voice he hears. The
text: others are silent. All but one...Arthur's image is fading
text: back into the stone.
scene_heading: GHOST OF ARTHUR
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: His wrath...
text: He's gone. Head bowed, Bowen kneels before Arthur's rock,
text: reaching out to touch it.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: +--undoes the wicked.
text: Thunder roars. Lightning flashes. In its jagged light,
text: something new is revealed..
text: DRACO...Bowen stares up longingly at him and Draco, the rain
text: streaming down his face, into his kindly eyes, stretches out
text: his wing to shield the knight from the storm.
text: There they stay, huddled in the shadow of the rocky symbol of
text: their once-lost dreams and their new-found hope...two lost
text: souls cleansed and purified in the heavenly rain and reunited
text: in a common vision.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - ON QUARTER-STAVE - DAY
text: A QUARTER-STAVE smashes down on another. CAMERA BACK, as
text: one-eyed Hewe drives Kara to the ground with the blow. OTHER
text: VILLAGERS crowd around, laughing and mocking. Gilbert
text: scrambles to Kara's side and helps her to her feet.
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: And we're suppose to follow you and a
dialog: Priest against Einon! To Hell, more
dialog: likely! We've had enough of your moon-~
dialog: eyed mischief, girl! Begone!
text: Hewe raises his staff to beat them off. But AN ARROW
text: suddenly imbeds itself in the staff. All eyes turn to...
text: A RIDER...who slings his bow and gallops into the village,
text: framed against the rising sun. His horse rears as the rider
text: halts between Gilbert and Kara and Hewe. It is...
text: BOWEN...scrubbed and shaved. Clothes and armour, though
text: frayed and worn, are clean and mended as best can be. His
text: eyes shine with a fierce fine visionary fire. He plucks his
text: ‘arrow from the staff.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Save your strength for the fight against
dialog: Einon.
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: There isn't any fight against Einon.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I'm going to start one.
text: Kara and Gilbert react to this good news.
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: You and what army, knight?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: He'll enlist!
text: He jerks a thumb over his shoulder at...
text: DRACO...as he rising up from behind the horizon of a ridge.
text: Majestic. Aglow. Like fire. Ablaze in the morning sun.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - TRAINING GROUNDS ~ MONTAGE ~ DAY
scene_heading: PREPARATIONS FOR WAR - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A FORGE blows fiery hot, as HEWE and the other BLACKSMITHS
text: smelt plowshears back into molten metal. OTHER PEASANTS
text: contribute metal farm implements to the piles rising high for
text: the war effort. MOLTEN METAL is poured into MOLDS for
text: swords, and pike-tips and arrow points. RAW WEAPONS hiss as
text: they are dipped in cold water and dumped onto tables where
text: MEN hone and sharpen them.
dialog: 81
text: PEASANTS are flocking to the cause. Men come with their own
text: ¢rude weapons and bring their families with them. Bowen and
dialog: Gilbert sort them out and direct them to functions and camp
dialog: placements.
text: WOMEN AND CHILDREN work an arrow-making assembly line,
text: stripping the shafts with "strippers, affixing points with
text: sinew, gluing feathers on. Finished arrows are bundled and
dialog: stacked.
text: BOWEN watches in amusement as GILBERT gets an archery lesson
text: from some of the villagers. He struggles to pull back the
text: bowstring. When he lets go of it, the bow goes flying and
text: he's still holding onto the arrow.
text: HEWE watches men run through a series of exercises with a
text: PIKE, tilting at wooden models.
text: A COMMAND TENT is going up behind Bowen as he discusses
text: strategy with Gilbert, Kara, Hewe, and the other chosen
text: generals. Parchment maps are strewn over a rickety table and
text: Gilbert, with a quill, draws lines and swirls on them at
text: Bowen's direction.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (VO)
text: The sky's untouched without the reach,
dialog: The dream's no good without the dare,
dialog: And one must fight for what one wants,
dialog: Tis purpose God attends, not prayer.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - DAY
text: Kara swings a heavy BATTLE-AXE through a series of exercises.
text: As she whirls it above her head, the momentum sends her
text: staggering back against...
text: BOWEN...who stops her fall..
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Easy...
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: oh...Thank you...
text: She doesn't move. Nor is he in any hurry to dislodge her.
text: They're very close, staring stupidly at each other, before
text: Bowen awkwardly seques from romance to warfare. Not letting
text: go of her, he nudges her legs apart with one of his own.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Here...widen your stance.
text: He guides her arms up, holding the axe aloft.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Up...then down.
dialog: 82
text: Their arms swing down together. Their bodies sway forward,
text: his pressed tightly against her from behind.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: That's it...One fluid stroke..
text: The downward arc of the axe almost throws Kara off-balance.
text: But Bowen's enfolding arms steady her. Her hair brushes his
text: face. Her lips almost touch his cheek as she turns to hin.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: That could cleave a man's skull.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: Like a pudding.
text: Neither moves from their awkward embrace. Her warm breath
text: intoxicates him and he reels back from her spell, axe in
text: hand. Then grinning with school-boy bravura, he flings the
text: axe. It spirals through the air, striking a PUMPKIN and
text: splitting it neatly in two.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - ARCHERY RANGE - DAY
text: A BOWSTRING is pulled tentatively back...
text: GILBERT...is the archer, receiving patient instruction from
dialog: Bowen.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: That's it! Sight along the arrow. Now
dialog: release!
text: "THWACK!" THE ARROW buries itself right in the middle of a
text: STRAW MAN'S HEART. CAMERA PANS to Gilbert. He smiles
text: proudly over at...
text: THE DUMBFOUNDED PEASANTS...mouths agape...including Hewe.
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: Beginner's luck! Try again!
text: Gilbert eagerly notches another arrow, consummately
text: performing Bowen's directions and lets fly. This time it
text: hits the straw dummy right between the eyes. Bowen lets out
text: a long, impressed whistle.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Brother Gilbert, you're a natural.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: This is fun!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Not for the fellow you're aiming at. Try
dialog: again.
dialog: 83
text: He points at the straw target again. Gilbert delightedly
text: lets fly with another direct hit. Right in the dumny's
text: crotch. Bowen grins and looks over at a disbelieving Hewe
text: and shrugs.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: A natural.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - ON BOWEN - DAWN
text: Bowen sleeps in his tent. Suddenly, A BELLOWING HONKING WAIL
text: pierces his slumber, He jerks awake, naked to the waist, his
text: eyes wide with a startled groggy glaze. He turns to see...
text: Kara...holding a war trumpet.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Battle horn! Good tone, don't you think?
text: No, Bowen doesn't think. He just mumbles inarticulately.
text: Kara throws his jerkin in his face.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Sun's up, Knight. So's the army. Why
dialog: aren't you? Breakfast!
text: She stuffs a hunk of bread into his mouth. Bowen heaves a
text: muffled groan.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Too dry?
text: She yanks the bread from his slack~jawed mouth. He puffs his
text: lips and sleepily tries to blow the sprinkled crumbs off
text: them. Kara dips the bread in a goblet of wine and crams it
text: back into his mouth. Both bread and wine dribble down his
text: chin. He looks at Kara in sleepy irritation. She's just too
dialog: perky.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Come on. Time's awasting.
text: She hustles behind him, slapping a wet cloth on his back. He
text: yelps his first word of the morning.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Well, good morning to you too! Too cold?
text: Bowen snatches the cloth from her and wipes the sleep from
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Too fast! What's the hurry?
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: There's much to be done. Troops to
dialog: train, strategy to plan, crises to be
dialog: solved.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (pulls on his jerkin)
dialog: What crises?
text: Kara grabs his jaw in her hand and, mushing up his cheeks,
text: jerks his face back and forth,
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: That beard, for one. It could use a
dialog: trim.
text: She holds up her axe. Bowen grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Don't worry, you taught me well.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: To cut throats, not to shave them!
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Well, if you don't want to look like a
dialog: victorious general...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I'm not yet! Don't be overconfident.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: You're my confidence! I've never been
dialog: more sure of anything in my life! Come!
text: She takes his hand and yanks him toward the tent exit.
scene_heading: EXT. BOWEN'S TENT - REBEL CAMP - LATE AFTERNOON
text: HQ TENT...waiting there is a delegation of chiefs and
text: generals lead by Gilbert and Hewe. Many other warriors and
text: villagers crowd about. Before the tent is a cross-pole
text: covered by a heavy cloth.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Tomorrow we will look to you... glowing
text: at our head like a shining beacon...
text: She gestures to the draped poles. Hewe whip off the
text: cloth...revealing A BEAUTIFUL SET OF GLISTENING ARMOR. The
text: emblem on the breastplate is Draco's golden profile. Gilbert
text: hands him the helmet. Bowen admires it in stunned awe.
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: They made it for you...All of them, out
text: of old kettles and plows and horseshoes
dialog: -..Gilbert designed it. Hewe hammered and
dialog: polished it. And over your heart...Draco
dialog: as the emblem of your courage.
text: Bowen is touched. His fingers lightly caress the golden
dialog: profile of Draco.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: It was all Kara's idea.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: A knight's armour should be as bright as
dialog: his honour.
text: AN OLD WOMAN emerges from the crowd and, in silent reverence,
text: touches Bowen's face. Others then reach out to touch him.
text: Warrior, women, children. All press close to touch him or
text: give a word of thanks. Speechless, overcome with emotion,
text: Bowen bolts to his tent.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - REBEL CAMP - DUSK
text: Outside, they shout for him. Bowen stares at the helmet in
text: his trembling hands.
speaker_heading: KARA (0S)
dialog: Shall I help you put it on?
text: Bowen turns. Kara stands there with the rest of the armour.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Please...
text: He attends to the arm guards while she fastens the leggings.
text: He feels her soft hands on his calves. So close. So
text: beautiful. She helps him on with the breastplate.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: How fast your heart beats...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: They expect much.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: They will give much.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: And if I don't lead them to victory?
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Then you'll have lead them farther than
dialog: they ever dared go before...
text: She steps back to inspect him.
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: There. All done.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Not quite. It is custom to bestow a
text: favour on a knight.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: A favour?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: A veil or a scarf that he wears into
text: battle as a token from his lady.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Bo you have a lady?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I should be honoured to wear your favour.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I...I have no such finery. I'm not a
dialog: lady. I'm a peasant.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You are the woman I love.
text: Kara stiffens at this blunt confession. Thrilled by it, but
text: frightened by it. He gently turns her to him.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I can give no favour. I can give
dialog: nothing. Lost honour can be recovered,
dialog: not so lost youth. The one thing that was
dialog: mine to give Einon stole forever.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No...not your heart...
text: Kara looks into his eyes, bright with love. She takes her
text: father's HEADBAND from around her neck and ties it to his
text: arm. He leans down and kisses her.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELDS - DAY
text: Brok rides through a field, his Falcon perched on his arn.
text: TWO BEATERS marching before him flush A COVEY OF DOVES from
text: the undergrowth.
speaker_heading: BROK (0S)
dialog: Hungry, Pet...?
text: He removes the hood from his Falcon's head.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: Eat...
dialog: 87
text: He watches the Falcon soar skyward with bloodthirsty
text: amusement and, spurring his horse, he follows the flight of
dialog: birds over....
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - WAR CAMP - DAY
text: .-.the crest of the ridge. In the valley below, Brok sees...
text: THE REBEL CAMP...teeming with well-armed peasants as far as
text: the eye can see. A SUDDEN ROAR echoes out over the valley.
text: It is an ALARUM that alert the entire camp to readiness. BROK
text: suddenly sees...
text: BOWEN...ride out on his charger. He turns back and signals
text: to Gilbert, Hewe with a small body of armed men behind them.
dialog: He also signals to...
text: DRACO...perched on the rocky cliff rising up out of the grove
text: behind the village, roaring out his alarum again. This is
dialog: enough for...
text: BROK...who gazes at the dragon with startled eyes, then at
text: Bowen charging up toward him. Brok whips his horse around
text: and takes off the way he came..
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY
text: Brok tears into the castle gates.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - COURTYARD - DAY
text: GALLOPING WARRIORS ride into a castle courtyard, bustling
text: with war preparations. Weapons are cached. Food and
text: provisions are stored. Guards prowl the battlements.
speaker_heading: EINON (OS)
dialog: I'm served by fools and dolts!
scene_heading: INT. EINON'S CASTLE - WAR-ROOM - DAY
text: Einon is in council with his lords and generals.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Peasants fleeing right under your noses.
dialog: And taking my grain and livestock with
dialog: them!
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: But how could we know, Your Majesty? A
dialog: few peasants here and there...
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: A few, fop? Hundreds! Armed and
dialog: spoiling for a fight!
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: Then let them have it! One of us is
dialog: worth a hundred of them. Are you afraid,
dialog: Sir Brok?
text: With a snarl, Brok almost charges across the table at Felton,
text: but Einon slams him back and smiles calmly at Felton, patting
text: his cheek.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: My brave Felton. A regiment unto himself.
text: Einon slams Felton down on the table onto a clutter of maps.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Idiot! I know this man who leads them.
dialog: (shouts to all)
dialog: And I will beat him! But I will not
dialog: underestimate him! And do not forget the
dialog: dragon.
speaker_heading: AISLINN (0S)
dialog: Fear not the dragon, my son.
text: AISLINN...stands silhouetted in the doorway and crosses to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I fear nothing. Nothing! Do you
dialog: understand?
text: He pulls her aside.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: It's just that...sometimes I sense him.
text: Feel him. As though he were close. But
dialog: be clear. I don't fear him!
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: No need to, my son...
text: She motions him to follow her outside. Curious, he does.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - BATTLEMENTS - NIGHT
text: Einon follows his mother out. She gestures to the courtyard
text: below. FIVE BURLY TARTARS, all armed to the teeth, stand in
text: the courtyard below.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: A mother's gift to her son...Uhlric,
dialog: Volney, Jugurtha, and the brothers Odolf
dialog: and Oram. The finest to be had.
text: The Five all bow. Einon looks from the men to his mother.
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Finest what...?
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: Dragonslayers.
text: Struck by this uncharacteristic kindness, Einon's disbelief
text: slowly shifts to sly amusement. Aislinn returns her son's
text: smile. He impulsively grabs his mother's hand and kisses it.
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - REBEL CAMP - MAGIC HOUR
text: A guardpost BONFIRE burns brightly as Bowen approaches it,
text: carrying something in hand. It is his DRAGON-HORNED SHIELD.
text: He casts it into the flame. It burns furiously with an
text: -almost SUPERNATURAL LIGHT...LIKE MAGNESIUM. Brilliant glows
text: spark and flare off the burning horns.
speaker_heading: DRACO (0S)
dialog: Well done.
text: Bowen turns to see Draco behind hin.
speaker_heading: . BOWEN
dialog: A knight of the Old Code needs no such
text: adornment.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: (agrees)
text: No...It burns brightly.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: Like a promise of hope.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: No, Bowen, your hope lies down there.
text: Draco nods to...
text: THE VALLEY..-below. It is alive with the cookfires gleaming
text: in the twilight. We hear singing, children crying, laughter.
text: All the sounds of life going on.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: The one I've waited for. Man must now
dialog: make of the world what he can...The day
dialog: of dragons is done.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Not done for you. If we are victorious
dialog: tomorrow, we'll have need of you.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: You'll have victory, but no need of me.
dialog: Listen to them, Knight of the Old Code,
dialog: The Once-ways are in their songs and
text: their laughter and the cries of their
dialog: children. Listen and look.
text: Draco's voice is strangely cryptic and wistful. Bowen looks
text: at him in suspicious concern.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What do you see?
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Everything. It yours now.
text: His sad eyes turn once more to the bonfire and the brightly
text: burning dragon shield. Its glow becomes...
scene_heading: EXT. KARA'S VILLAGE - DAY
text: +.-The DRACO EMBLEM on Bowen's armour glinting gold in the
text: sunlight. Tied to his arm is Kara's favour. He is at the
text: head of his ARMY. Draco's image is also on the banners
text: flapping gloriously in the morning breeze.
text: IN SEVERAL SHOTS AND ANGLES, THE CAMERA CATCHES the motley,
text: but proudly determined army as it MARCHES out of camp. Kara
text: and Gilbert ride by Bowen's side. Hewe, foot, marches at the
text: head of the troop with the other "GENERALS". Hewe glances
text: up. Others follow his gaze as...
text: DRACO...swoops overhead. He dips a wing in salute.
text: BOWEN...acknowledges Draco's salute with a raised sword as
text: the dragon banks left in the direction of Einon castle.
scene_heading: ANGLE DOWN ON ARMY
text: As they, too, raise their weapons in salute to the dragon,
text: whose SHADOW ripples over then,
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - FOREST EDGE - ON ARROWS -DAY
text: A VOLLEY OF FIRE ARROWS SHOOT through the sky, bouncing
text: harmlessly off the castle wall and sputtering out. CAMERA
speaker_heading: PANS TO:
text: A SMALL TROOP OF REBELS...shabby and pitiful, led by Bowen,
text: down in the field before the castle have fired the arrows. A
scene_heading: MERE FRACTION OF THE REBEL FORCE. LAUGHTER RIPPLES DOWN FROM
speaker_heading: ABOVE.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: EINON (0S)
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Seems you overestimated their numbers,
dialog: Brok.
scene_heading: EXT, EINON'S CASTLE - BATTLEMENTS - DAY
text: Einon, Brok, Felton and others observe the puny rebel force
text: as another PATHETIC VOLLEY OF FIRE ARROWS plunk against the
text: parapet wall. ONE ARROW actually makes it over the wall.
text: Einon calmly reaches out and catches it in mid-air in his
text: gauntletted hand. He blasely inspects it.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: And twelve years hasn't improved their
dialog: ain.
text: Felton chuckles and smirks at Brok.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: They'll get bored and go home before
dialog: dark.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Why wait? We'll send you out to chase
dialog: them off. After all, "One of us is worth
dialog: a hundred of them." The numbers seem
dialog: about right.
text: Felton gulps uneasily as Einon wags the fire arrow in his
text: face. But a worried Brok is unamused, ominously scanning the
dialog: sky.
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: There were more! And where's the...?
text: Brok chokes on the question as the answer comes in view...
text: DRACO...suddenly flies out of the sunlight and, swooping
text: down, sprays the battlements with fire, sending soldiers
text: screaming and leaping to safety. As Einon and his generals
text: also dash for cover, they look up to see...
text: DRACO...flying out of the smoke of the explosion.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - FIELD - DAY
text: In a field between the castle walls and the forest masses the
text: peasant army, BOWEN and HEWE at its head. The rebels cheer
text: as Draco rains more flame down on the denizens of the castle.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - INSIDE THE WALLS - DAY
text: THE DRAGONSLAYERS manuever a LARGE CATAPULT THAT SHOOTS
text: HARPOONS into place, scanning the sky for...
dialog: 92
text: DRACO...who suddenly swoops up from behind the castle wall,
text: surprising the Dragonslayers who abandon there catapult as
text: Draco looses a firebomb at them.
text: As the catapult swerves, Volney is knocked against the
text: triggering mechanism, discharging the harpoon which goes
text: flying and strikes...
text: A STUNNED JUGURTHA...right through his chest, impaling him to
text: the wall. His giant axe, still gripped in his hand, knocks a
text: soldier off the battlements, sending him plummet ing to the
text: ground at the feet of...
text: EINON'S HORSE...the young king is mounted, at the head of
text: armoured knights. The horse rears as Einon frowns at the dead
text: soldier, then at the blazing catapult on the battlement.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Oh, lovely...
text: He draws his sword and shouts to his men.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Well, do we stay in here like sitting
dialog: ducks or crush those rebellious dogs?
text: Brok leads a chorus of war-cries. And as the gates are
text: opened, Einon and his mounted horse, followed by foot
text: soldiers, pour out of the castle, watched by...
text: AISLINN...from a tower window. Einon and his men rush the
text: peasants who retreat for the forest. She glances up at...
text: DRACO...hovering above, oblivious to the spears of the
text: Dragonslayers, watching the peasants run...almost smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - THE FIELD - DAY
text: The peasants retreat without a blow being struck. Einon,
text: spies Bowen in the rout. He laughs deliriously.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: After them! Shear them like the sheep
dialog: they are.
text: And Einon and his riders give chase into the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: BUT EINON HAS MADE A TACTICAL MISTAKE.
text: As soon as all the king's riders are wheeling admidst the
text: trees, Bowen wheels his horse on a rise.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Now!
dialog: 93
text: Behind Einon's calvary, A REBEL swings by on a rope out of a
text: tree, a FLAMING FAGGOT IN HIS HANDS. He dips the torch ina
text: TRENCH filled with PITCH. The fire runs across the forest
text: and up both sides creating a U-shaped barrier boxing in the
dialog: knights.
text: The horses panic as the walls of flame rise around them.
text: Then they descend...
text: HUNDREDS OF PEASANTS...Bowen motions them forward with his
text: sword and they charge en masse. Panicked knights try to jump
text: their horses through the flames as pikemen pick knights off
text: horses and the swordmen and axe-wielders fall upon them.
text: CAMERA CLOSES IN ON EINON as he realizes his mistake but
dialog: ‘assumes comand.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Scatter or die!
text: Einon leaps his horse over the fire. Others follow his
text: example as his force splits up in the forest and comes face-
text: to-face with more rebel mischief.
text: Barrages of arrows fly out of bushes and trees picking men
text: off. More rebels lie in wait in the forest.
text: The peasant assault is swift and surprising and deadly. As
text: men are dvided and trapped, overwhelming numbers of rebels
text: appear to finish them off in hand-to-hand combat.
text: THE CAMERA PANS THROUGH THE MAYHEM...
text: BROK...bashes through a phalanx of peasants with a mace and
text: chain and encounters Hewe with his quarter staff. The two
text: tangle it up.
text: ELSEWHERE...
text: GILBERT AND OTHER ARCHERS...perched in an archer blind watch
text: THREE ARMED RIDERS charge a group of rebels. With lightning
text: speed Gilbert notches an arrow and shoots.
text: THE ARROW...strikes a TAUT ROPE tied off to a tree branch and
text: neatly slices it in two. The rope slides through the
dialog: branches, releasing...
text: A LOG...suspended overhead which comes crashing down in front
text: of the three riders. Their horses rear up and the riders
text: rock off their saddles. As they tumble to the ground, the
text: rebels rush them.
text: GILBERT...crosses himself.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Pride goeth before a fall, brother!
dialog: 94
dialog: Meanwhile below...
text: FELTON...sword in hand, helmetless, cowardly scurries from
text: tree to tree through the commotion, avoiding any fight he
text: can. But as he creeps around the bole of a tree, a pitchfork
text: is thrust at his face. He jerks back and the tines of the
text: fork embed in the tree trunk. Felton whirls face-to-face
dialog: with...
text: HIS MINX...she's gone over to the rebels! Felton's stunned
text: rage gives him a sudden flash of courage.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: You traitorous witch! After all, I've
dialog: spent on...
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: «.-done for...you!
text: She sneers and tries to yank her pitchfork from the tree.
text: But before she can, Felton, brave against a helpless woman,
text: snaps the shaft in two with his sword blade.
text: The minx staggers back with the broken end. Felton advances
dialog: on her, but...
text: GILBERT...has spotted them and looses an arrow from his bow.
text: It pierces...
text: FELTON...in the rear. Dropping his sword, he yelps in pain.
text: GILBERT...also yelps for joy.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Turn the other cheek!
dialog: However, it is...
text: THE MINX...who turns Felton's other cheek, by whacking him on
text: the jaw with her broken shaft. The lamps go out in his eyes
text: and he crumples to the ground.
text: Elsewhere...
text: KARA...fights among a group of peasants and soldiers.
text: Whirling her axe with expert skill she holds her ATTACKER,
text: also wielding an axe, at bay. But she is so busily engaged,
text: she does not see the other two ENEMIES rushing up to help
dialog: their companion. But..
text: BOWEN...riding across the field does. He gallops his horse
text: between the two swordsmen and extending his legs, kicks both
text: of them into the dirt as he rides by.
text: He then leaps from his charging horse and rushes to Kara's
text: side just as she neatly dispatches her adversary and grabs
text: his axe as he falls. Whirling both axes, she smiles over to
dialog: Bowen.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Like a pudding!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
text: More pudding's coming.
text: Kara's being rushed by two men. Bowen by three. One he
text: quickly dispatches and takes his sword. He grips his two
text: blades, Kara her two axes. Grinning grimly, shoulder-to-
text: shoulder, they take on all-comers.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - BATTLEMENTS - DAY
text: Volney the Tartar supervises the loading of hideous barbed
text: GRAPPLING HOOKS into the bowls of THREE CATAPULTS, cranked
dialog: ‘and ready.
text: Draco streaks right to left directly overhead. Commanding
text: the king's soldiers, Volney cranks the first lever.
speaker_heading: VOLNEY
dialog: Now!
text: The catapults wang off in order, hurling their nasty load at
dialog: the dragon.
text: But Draco is a skilled warrior. He sees the missiles coming
text: and dodges them all. With his right hand, he catches the
text: last hook and, yanking viciously, he does a barrel roll out
dialog: of frame.
text: Back on the platform, the BOLTS fastened to the catapult give
text: way like driven into balsa. The catapult skews sideways and
text: wedges under two others. The force of Draco's pull rips up
text: the whole mess SMASHING into Volney and the soldiers against
text: the stone walls, crushing them to death and taking out a fair
text: piece of new masonry. Through a window arch below, Volney
text: hangs upside down, his eyes sightless in death...
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: Out of the smoke and confusion rides...
text: EINON...slicing through a band of rebels. The battle goes
text: badly for him. He shouts above the fray.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Retreat!
text: His men readily obey and scatter through the woods. He spurs
text: his horse and joins their flight.
dialog: 96
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST - DAY
text: Bowen and Kara are pressed back-to-back as Einon suddenly
text: rides by. Both recognize him.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: _Gilbert, stop him!
text: Gilbert also recognizes Einon and notches a METAL-PIERCING
text: ARROW. As he tautly, tensely pulls back the bow, he is
text: grimly aware for the first time of the full power of his
text: remarkable talent. But though his conscience wavers, his
text: bow-arm does not.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Thou...shalt...not...kill...
text: He lets fly.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - FOREST EDGE - DAY
text: The arrow strikes true.
text: Einon jerks in his saddle as the arrow pierces his mail and
text: imbeds deep in his heart! Staggered by the impact, he sucks
text: in his breath. But he does not fall. He doesn't even feel
dialog: the pain.
text: THE CAMERA MAKES A QUICK PAN TO:
text: EINON'S CASTLE...where Draco suddenly recoils in mid-air and,
text: grasping his chest, howls in real pain, no scam this time.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: With devastating skill, both Kara and Bowen dispatch their
dialog: enemies. For both have witnessed all... Einon taking the
text: arrow, Draco's screech of pain and fall.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Draco!
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - FOREST'S EDGE - DAY
text: EINON...still alive, also watching the Dragon spiral and
text: flutter down. He looks at the arrow in his breast and, his
text: eyes glinting with understanding, calmly pulls it from his
text: chest and smiles at its bloody tip.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - COURTYARD - DAY
text: As the pain-wracked Draco flutters into range, Uhlric
text: springs the catapult. NETS OF IRON MESH shoot out.
dialog: 97
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE ~ THE FIELD - DAY
text: Einon sees the Iron Nets enfold the dragon as he topples
text: behind the castle walls with a groan. Realizing, what this
text: means, Einon spurs his horse toward the castle gates.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: The Dragonslayers! Noooo!
text: He rides hell-bent for leather as...
speaker_heading: BOWEN (OS)
dialog: Nooo!
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - ON BOWEN AND KARA - DAY
text: With an anguished shout, Bowen tears down the hill for Einon.
text: Kara watches his furious, futile chase and exchanges a
text: worried glance with Gilbert, who rushes up to her. They both
text: look to Bowen who has given up his chase. He turns to them,
text: his face a mask of anguished determination.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE ~ COURTYARD - DAY
text: The remaining dragonslayers...Uhlric, Odolf, and Oram... have
text: netted the limp form of Draco. He lies still and quiet,
text: several of his horns are broken off. The Dragonslayers move
text: in cautiously, when Draco suddenly shifts on his side,
text: moaning, clutching his chest.
text: Ulhric and the brothers swarm in on the beast. But suddenly
text: a wild Einon is upon them, beating them back with his sword.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: No! I want it alive!
text: Einon grimly leers at the pain-wracked, semi-conscious Draco.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Chain it! Bind its wounds! I want it
dialog: alive...And safe!
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: (whispered groan)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Yes...Safe for all eternity. Fear not,
dialog: dragon, Bowen will come. A knight of the
dialog: Old Code does not abandon a comrade-in-
dialog: arms.
text: He laughs and departs. Draco struggles weakly under the
dialog: nets.
text: BUT THE CAMERA PANS UP TO...
dialog: 98
text: AISLINN...on the battlements...gazing on Draco in solemn
dialog: concern.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Hewe and the rebels survey the carnage they have wrought.
text: Savouring the taste of victory. Tall and proud. Men once
text: more. As Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert emerge into the forest,
text: Hewe salutes them with an upraised sword and a smile. But
text: his smile vanishes when he sees their long faces.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - BATTLEMENTS - NIGHT
text: Einon stands on the battlements, gazing out at the forest
text: -below. It is dotted with THE GLOW OF THE REBEL CAMPFIRES.
text: Then reverberating from the castle walls comes A MOURNFUL
text: TRILL. Einon looks down into the courtyard below where Draco
text: is chained.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Draco's MELANCHOLY TRILL echoes from the castle walls out
text: across the night to the forest's edge where camp a dispirited
scene_heading: group of rebels. CAMERA PANS TO:
text: BOWEN...listening to Draco's sad song in anguish as Gilbert
text: dresses a wound on Kara's shoulder.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Why does he keep him alive! He must be
text: torturing him.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No, Einon will not torture him. He will
dialog: not harm him in any way.
text: Bowen turns to her, not understanding.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: "Einon will not fall in my lifetime"
dialog: ...-Draco's words to me once. I saw him
dialog: go down. No one touched him. It was
dialog: when Gilbert shot Einon.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: When my arrow pierced Einon's heart that
dialog: was when Draco screamed and fell.
text: Bowen stares at them in dumbfounded disbelief, refusing to
text: contemplate what is being suggested.
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Don't you see? It's the heart. The
text: Dragon's heart. For Einon to die, Draco
dialog: must die! :
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No! No...Gilbert must have missed.
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: It doesn't matter. Nothing matters
text: except that Draco is still alive.
text: Bowen hops up on a stump and shouts to his men.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I go to save the Dragon. Who goes with
dialog: me?
text: No rush to volunteer. Just muttered oaths and sullen faces.
text: Bowen turns in disgust to find Kara holding out his sword.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: You do not go alone.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: No...not alone...
text: GILBERT...who plops his helmet on his head.
text: Bowen slides the sword into his scabbard. Hewe and the others
text: watch in silent shame, as the three march off.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - EINON'S CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Draco lies heavily chained in a dark courtyard. His back
text: feet and front paws are shackled tightly to the ground, as is
text: his tail, allowing almost no movement. His neck and head are
text: also chained down to keep him from breathing fire on his
text: restraints. His chin upon the cold stone, he can only look
text: at the wall straight ahead of him...or out of the corner of
text: his eye, where he sees...
text: UHLRIC...on guard, appraising Draco, spitting with distaste.
text: Then he hears...A FOOTSTEP. Challenging with his spear,
text: Uhlric recognizes a DIM FIGURE in the shadow.
speaker_heading: UHLRIC
dialog: Oh...Come for a peek at the royal pet?
text: Suddenly, Uhlric's eyes widen in surprise. A KNIFE flashes
text: out of the dark in the shadow's hand.
speaker_heading: ON DRACO
text: He hears a STRANGLED GASP. Uhlric WEAVES INTO VIEW, grasping
text: his throat. He collapses to the ground. His spear rolls
text: from his lifeless fingers almost to Draco's snout.
dialog: 100
text: Out of the corner of his eye, Draco sees the Shadow.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Come from the shadows, Aislinn. Stand
dialog: where I can see you.
text: Aislinn comes forth. Sheathing her bloodstained dagger.
text: Gazing down on the man she killed. Then at Draco.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: You know why I've come?
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: A sorry end...
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: The only end. In giving my heart, I have
dialog: taken on every pain and poison stirring
text: in his black breast. Even the pain of
dialog: his death must be mine. Too long I've
dialog: waited...
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: (sits by him)
dialog: No one would blame you...Death without
dialog: immortality.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: That was not the only reason...To rid the
dialog: world of Einon, would not rid it of evil.
dialog: I had to wait. Wait for a time when
dialog: mankind would not repeat my sin and let
dialog: tyranny thrive. When there would be
dialog: those who remembered the Once-ways.
dialog: Remembered that even in the darkness
text: there is still light and those who watch
dialog: over them...I cannot see. Are the stars
dialog: shining tonight?
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: (weeping)
dialog: Brightly, my lord, brightly.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Then there is light enough. My soul need
dialog: not flicker above.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: It is my sin, Dragon Lord, for a mother's
dialog: misguided heart, you gambled eternity and
dialog: lost...Forgive me.
text: Aislinn rises. Picks up Uhlric's spear. It is heavy, but
text: she manages. But suddenly A HAND tears the spear from
text: Aislinn's grasp. Einon's hand!
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: I know why you brought me the dragon-
dialog: slayers, Mother. You wanted them to kill
dialog: him. You wanted me dead.
speaker_heading: AISLINN
dialog: I wanted to correct a mistake made years
dialog: ago when I saved a creature not worth
dialog: saving.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: How unmotherly of you.
text: His voice is like ice, but Aislinn does not flinch.
text: DRACO...eyes filled with terror, watches...
speaker_heading: DRACO'S POV
text: TWO SHADOWS on the wall, one raising a SHADOW SPEAR to strike
dialog: the other.
speaker_heading: DRACO (0S)
dialog: No-o-o-o!
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - BASE OF OUTSIDE WALL - NIGHT
text: Kara leads Gilbert and Bowen to the hole in the wall's rocky
text: foundation. As they are about to enter, Draco's wailing
text: lament echoes from inside. The three exchange a worried
text: glance and dart into the passage.
scene_heading: INT. CISTERN - NIGHT
text: Kara leads Bowen and Gilbert into the cistern from the
text: passageway. Bowen charges for the courtyard door.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Not that way. Too dangerous.
speaker_heading: HEWE (OS)
dialog: Then that's our way.
text: Bowen and the others wheel around to see...
text: HEWE...and a SMALL BAND OF MEN enter the secret passage.
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: We've got to open the gates for rest of
dialog: us waiting outside.
text: Touched by this loyalty, Bowen warmly claps Hewe on shoulder.
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: Go save your dragon.
dialog: 102
text: He opens the door that leads to the castle grounds and,
text: taking a cautionary peek, motions his men out. Kara points
text: to the other stairwell.
speaker_heading: KARA
text: This leads to the castle. We can see the
dialog: whole courtyard from there.
text: Bowen starts up, but Kara holds him back. Their eyes meet.
text: Both know this may be the last quiet moment they share. She
text: tightens her "favour" on his arm.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: You carry my favour. Carry this too...
text: She leans up and kisses him. Bowen enfolds her in his arms.
scene_heading: INT. BEDCHAMBER - EINON'S CASTLE - NIGHT
text: The secret passage opens. Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert creep
text: in...only to find Einon comfortably sprawled on the bed.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: What a pleasant surprise. I expected
dialog: you, Knight. But my bride-to-be, as
dialog: well? And with a priest to wed us.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: To bury you, Einon.
text: Blade out, Bowen charges, stabbing only the bedclothes, as
text: Einon whirls off the bed, arrogantly grinning.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Well, to bury one of us!
text: His blade meets Bowen's in mid-air. And the two engage in
text: fast and furious swordplay. The clanging blades attract TWO
text: GUARDS outside the chamber. Gilbert and Kara intercept their
text: charge as Bowen and Einon duel near the fireplace. Einon is
dialog: good. Very good. Bowen has taught him well. He ducks a
text: slash of Einon's blade and executes an athletic drop-kick
text: against the king that sends him careening down the stairwell
text: of the secret passageway. Bowen leaps down after him.
text: Kara, dispatching her guard, begins to follow Bowen and
text: Einon. But Gilbert, the sword not being his weapon, is hard-
text: pressed and she goes to his aid instead.
scene_heading: INT. EINON'S CASTLE - CISTERN- NIGHT
text: Einon rumbles down the stone steps and slumps lifelessly
text: there. Bowen rushes dwn on the limp form...
text: ---and nearly gets decapitated, as Einon's eyes flick open
text: and he lunges.
dialog: 103
text: Angered, Bowen attacks with a wild sally. Einon, confident
text: in his invincibility, cooly deflects the blade and forces
text: Bowen back into the cistern.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Practice what you preach, mentor.
dialog: Purpose, not passion, remember?
text: The jibe only intensifies Bowen's reckless assault.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Nerve cold blue...
text: Taunting, Einon nimbly ducks a vicious swipe, executes a
text: swift thrust that scores a vicious slash across Bowen's calf.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: «.+.Blade blood red.
text: Bowen ducks a vicious thrust and nearly loses his balance at
text: the edge of the cistern pool. As he teeters there, Einon
text: takes a savage swipe, but this time it is Bowen who flips
text: away...over the water on the other side of the cistern. Even
text: Einon's impressed. He barks a laugh.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Still have a few lessons to teach me,
dialog: mentor?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Just one more.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: What, pray, is that?
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: The last one your father learned.
text: The wound has renwed Bowen's cool vigor. He is calm and hard
text: as he drives Einon up into a dark cistern tunnel. All that
text: can be seen in the blackness are the blue sparks of the
text: clanging blades.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE ~ A STAIRWELL ~- NIGHT
text: A cringing FELTON flattensd against a staircase wall. Rapid
text: steps descend and Kara appears, gripping her axe, trying to
dialog: decide which way to go.
text: Felton, realizing his enemy is only a woman, sweeps out of
text: the shadows like a spider, his sword at her throat as he
text: leers triumphantly over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: FELTON
dialog: This will put me in good with his
dialog: majesty.
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: HEWE (0S)
dialog: I doubt it.
text: A quarterstave crashes down on his head. The lamps go out in
text: his eyes and, as his blade slides harmlessly away from Kara,
text: he crumples slack-jawed to the ground. Kara wheels to find
text: Hewe standing over the collapsed Felton.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I'm in your debt.
speaker_heading: HEWE
dialog: I'm in yours. Your father would be
dialog: proud.
text: They continue on their seperate ways.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: Einon drives Bowen up a castle stairwell. The knight is
text: hard-pressed, but holding his own.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: We know each other's every move. But I'm
dialog: younger and faster.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I'll slow you so you won't get any older.
text: The duellists fight their way up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - BATTLEMENTS ~ NIGHT
text: Kara, axe in hand, whirls onto a battlement through the
text: wreckage of the dragonslayers' catapults. She turns to get
text: her bearings straight and sees A HUGE SHADOW looming on the
text: wall behind her, hoisting a HUGE SHADOW SWORD..
text: Kara wheels around to confront Brok, but her axe is no match
text: for Brok's heavy descending sword. The impact tears the
text: weapon from her hand and sends her careening into the dead
text: dragonslayer, Jugurtha, still impaled on the wall.
text: She snatches THE GIANT AXE still cluthced in his dead hand
text: and jerks the heavy shaft with two hands to fend off Brok's
dialog: blade,
text: But the sword slices right through the shaft. The weight of
text: the axe jerks Kara to safety. The blade whizzes by her.
text: Brok wheels, Kara swings the butt of the broken axe-pole up
text: against Brok's shield, It cracks him under the jaw and
text: throws him off-guard. She twirls the axe, blade up, and
text: thrusts it up between Brok's legs. He crumbles to the
text: ground, devastated.
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: BROK
dialog: A girl?...a girl?
text: Kara jerks the axe from the corpse.
speaker_heading: KARA
text: Like a pudding.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GATES - NIGHT
text: Hewe and his marauders descend upon the guards, slaying them
text: and opening the gate...only to find AN OUTER GATE beyond.
text: Also guarded. Before Hewe's men can cut them down, one
text: SENTRY blows ALARUM on a Ram's horn.
scene_heading: EXT, CASTLE TOWER - STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Bowen and Einon ascend the tower steps, blades flashing
text: furiously. They've heard the alarum. Bowen grins.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: My rebels are storming your castle.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Pity you won't live to see them fail.
text: Einon's blade nearly slices off an ear. Angered, Bowen
text: manuevers Einon around and proceeds to back him up the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GATE - NIGHT
text: Hewe and his band are beset by Einon's SOLDIERS as they
text: struggle with the gate. But suddenly, several GUARDS pitch
text: forward,slain by a rapid volley of arrows fired by...
text: GILBERT...Hewe smiles and salutes him with a wave. Then the
text: gates open and, with wild war shouts, the REBELS pour in.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - ON DRACO - NIGHT
text: Odolf, in the courtyard, looks to Oram on the parapet. Both
text: grip their spears in edgy tenseness, reacting to the sounds
text: of battle, the fight up the tower, and Draco's writhing
text: agony. His arm GLOWS A THROBBING RED where Bowen cut Einon,
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bowen and Einon burst through the door into a half-crumbled
text: TOWER-ROOM. It is roofless, most of it's walls destroyed,
text: open to the elements. Its vantage point gives us a
text: spectacular view of the whole castle and the country beyond.
text: And Draco chained in the courtyard below.
dialog: 106
text: They duel over and around building materials and scaffolding,
text: locked in fierce combat. Sparks fly from their clanging
text: blades. Bowen presses Einon hard.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (cold hate)
dialog: Once you held this sword in a sacred
dialog: oath, which you broke. Now embrace it
dialog: again.
text: Bowen swipes a wicked thrust that Einon barely sidesteps.
text: Bowen blade cracks against a piece of masonry. Einon whirls
text: in with no mercy. Bowen tosses his broken hilt at Einon and
text: dives into a clutter of scaffolding. Einon chops and hacks
text: at it sending splintered chips flying as he tries to finish
text: Bowen off. He laughs in malicious glee, eyes glinting like a
dialog: “madman.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Fool! You lost before you began. I am
dialog: immortal!
text: Bowen leaps up, twirling onto a crossbeam, out and over
text: Einon, who spins to cut him down before he lands.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Bowen!
text: Kara has appeared on the roof and throws her axe to Bowen,
text: still in mid-air. Catching it, he lands and catches Einon
text: blade on it. Einon is jarred back and Bowen sends the axe
text: flying. It shrieks through the air, just missing Einon's
text: head and burying itself in the heavy wooden shutter of a
text: window in a partially rebuilt wall. still off-balance, Einon
text: strikes. Bowen leaps the thrust and jumps onto the low sill
text: to yank his axe free. It won't budge.
text: Einon snarls a laugh and lunges. Bowen pushes off from the
text: sill and, clinging to the axe-handle, rides the shutter as it
text: swings out. Einon cannot stop his momentum and he spills out
text: of the window into space.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER - NIGHT -
text: As Einon's body tumbles from the window, crashes through
text: scaffolding, sending building materials as well as himself
text: careening down on top of and into the cistern in a cacophony
text: of clatter, clutter, and dust.
scene_heading: INT. CISTERN - NIGHT
text: As Einon along with wreckage, plunges beneath the surface of
dialog: the water.
dialog: 107
scene_heading: INT. TOWER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kara dashes to the window, as Bowen clings to his axe-handle
text: on the swinging shutter. Both look down.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE -THEIR POV - CISTERN - NIGHT
text: Einon has disappeared into the watery depths beneath the
text: wreckage of scaffolding and cistern.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER ROOM - WINDOW SHUTTER - NIGHT
text: Bowen looks over at Kara.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: So much for his immortality.
text: But echoing below comes Draco's AGONIZED GROAN! Bowen calls
text: to the dragon, whose pain-wracked body GLOWS RED TORMENT.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: Draco!
text: Just then...the axe gives in the shutter! Then unwedges
text: itself and Bowen falls out into space.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: Bowen!
text: But he doesn't go far. He has grabbed hold of a PULLEY-LINE
text: that is attached to the tower and is fast spiralling down to
dialog: the courtyard below...and Draco!
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Odolf, realizing Einon's dead, wheels on the chained dragon
text: and, grinning, utters a war-cry and charges with his spear.
text: But he suddenly hears something behind him. It is...
text: BOWEN...riding the pulley~line down and swooping in on Odolf
text: from behind. Odolf holds up his spear to block the
text: descending axe. But the blade slices through the shaft and
text: buries itself in Odolf's chest. A WAIL OF GRIEF AND OUTRAGE
dialog: echoes from...
text: THE BATTLEMENTS...where ORAM, having witnessed his brother's
text: death, pulls his bow string taut. But before he can unleash
text: his arrow, Draco's nostril shoots a SPRAY OF FLAME that
text: engulfs the dragonslayer, the impact knocking him off the
text: parapet with an agonizing scream, as..
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - OUTER WALLS - ORAM - NIGHT
text: «+ehis body, a spiralling fireball, plummets down the wall
text: and down the mountain.
dialog: 108
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Bowen pilfers the keys off Odolf's belt and starts to unlock
text: the shackles about Draco's neck. Draco stretches his neck.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: You should have let them do it. Now you
dialog: must.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: What?
text: Kara arrives in the courtyard from the tower, overhearing
dialog: Draco.
speaker_heading: DRACO
text: Even as the heart binds Einon to me in
dialog: life, it binds us in death.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: That is not true.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: You've seen that it is. Through the
dialog: heart we share each other's pains and
dialog: power. But in my half beats the Life
dialog: Source. For Einon to die, I must die.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (refusing to believe)
dialog: Einon is dead! Tell him, Kara!
text: But Kara can't. She is uncertain. She knows what she's
text: seen. But she also knows Draco.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: I...1...don't know...
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You saw it!
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: He lives!
text: Bowen is desperate.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: It doesn't matter!
dialog: {gestures to the
dialog: battle noise)
dialog: Don't you hear it? Our rebels...our
dialog: silly, sorry little band of rebels have
text: stormed the castle. Alive or dead,
dialog: Einon's beaten. We've won!
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: You will never win until Einon's evil is
dialog: destroyed. And to do that, you must
dialog: destroy me!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Once you swore your sword and service
dialog: were mine. To call when I had need of
dialog: you. To ask what I would of you. I ask
dialog: now! I need now. I hold you to your
dialog: vow, Knight!
text: Suddenly Draco's sixth sense picks up something. He winces in
text: ‘pain, hissing breathlessly.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: He's coming! Coming to stop you!
text: Bowen frantically whirls to the wreckage. But there is
dialog: nothing. No one.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Strike before it's too late!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (torn)
dialog: You're the last!
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: My time is over. Strike!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You're my friend!
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Then as my friend, Strike! Please!
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: I can't! I can't send you soulless into
dialog: Hell!
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: (snarling)
dialog: Then I will make you!
text: With a roar, Draco lunges at Bowen with his snapping fangs.
text: Bowen evades the blow. Again, Draco lashes out, trying to
text: provoke Bowen, but again the knight dodges the sharp teeth.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Fight back, Dragonslayer!
dialog: 110
text: Once more, Draco dives at him with his flashing fangs. Bowen
text: leaps out of the shackled dragon's range. Rattling his
text: chains wildly, Draco shoots a jet of flame at Bowen. Kara
text: screams, but Bowen holds ground, as the flamess just misses.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Defend yourself!
text: Bowen flings the axe to the ground, near the wreckage of the
text: cistern. Draco shoots another bolt of fire. This one
text: closer. Bowen recoils.
speaker_heading: DRACO
dialog: Pick it up!
text: His chest heaves out ready to spew more fire.
speaker_heading: KARA
dialog: No! TI will do it!
text: She runs for the axe. Bowen moves to stop her.
text: BUT SOMEONE ELSE STOPS HER,
text: EINON!...suddenly leaping up out of the wreckage of the
text: cistern and scaffolding. Bloody and battered but very much
text: alive! Draco wails in misery.
text: Einon grabs Kara by the arm and whirls her to him, sword
text: blade at her throat. Bowen snatches up the axe and hoists it
text: back, aimed at Draco.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Move and she dies!
text: STALEMATE. Bowen freezes...until...
text: DRACO...viciously sinks his fangs into his chained claw.
text: But it is Einon who FEELS THE FANGS. In his sword hand. The
text: blade clatters to the stone as he recoils...and...
text: BOWEN...in that instant realizes WHAT HE MUST DO. He yanks
text: Kara from Einon's grasp and, shoving her to safety, spins
text: around, back to Einon, and raises the axe to strike...
text: DRACO...exposing his breast for the blow; his scales falling
text: back, revealing his scar. But...
text: EINON...is already pulling his knife from his belt to plunge
text: into Bowen's neck.
speaker_heading: EINON
dialog: Only expose your back to a corpse!
text: His blade comes down, but...
dialog: lil
text: THE AXE...leaves Bowen's hand and, twirling in the air,
text: buries itself in Draco's scarred breast.
text: KARA...stifles a scream as...
text: DRACO...reels. Suddenly his old wound SHIMMERS BRILLIANTLY.
text: Then it FADES TO DULLNESS once more as Draco falls, his
text: grateful eyes staring into the anxious face of...
text: BOWEN...his own eyes flood with tears, wheeling on...
text: EINON...who staggers, clutching his chest. His eyes filled
text: with stunned disbelief. His mouth agape in a silent scream.
text: As he lunges forward, Bowen, sneering through tear-dimmed
text: eyes, grabs Einon's upraised knife and folds it under,
text: jamming the blade into Einon's chest. Momentum carries
text: -king's body over the top of Bowen.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: You are a corpse.
text: Einon flops down beside Draco and, with a strangled groan,
text: his eyes close. Just a brief second before Draco's own dim
text: and close, with one last GRATEFUL LOOK at...
text: BOWEN...who sees Draco SMILE BEATIFICALLY as his eyelids
text: flutter down. Going to his final rest with SERENE PEACE OF A
text: SAINT. Bowen kneels forlornly over Draco's still body. Kara
text: joins the vigil, oblivious to the ringing shouts of victory
text: elsewhere in the castle.
text: Hewe, Gilbert, and a vanguard of the rebels rush in
text: and...seeing the dragon, their jubiliation is quickly forgot.
text: Gilbert joins his friends, crossing himself. The others enter
text: in solemn reverence for their dead comrade and their grieving
text: commander. They drift silently in from everywhere, filling
text: the courtyard and the battlements.
speaker_heading: BOWEN
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: What now, Dragon?! You abandon us alone
dialog: in our freedom! Without you, what do we
dialog: do? Where do we turn...?
speaker_heading: DRACO (VO)
dialog: To the stars, Bowen. To the stars...
text: The VOICE is a whisper, warm and reassuring. Bowen turns to
text: Kara. She's also heard it. So has Gilbert. ALL HAVE HEARD
text: IT. NONE WILL FORGET IT. Bowen turns back to...
scene_heading: DRACO...AN EERIE, ETHEREAL GLOW OF TRANSLUCENT IRRIDESCENCE
text: oozes out of his wound like a strange, glowing mist covering
text: his corpse. Then it spreads out over the ground. Draco's
text: body dissolves in the mist, becomes one with it, as the
text: strange glow begins to float upward. Past Bowen, Kara, and
dialog: Gilbert, past...
dialog: 112
text: THE REBELS...Their awed faces awash in the ethereal glow as
text: it rises above the castle walls and...
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE ~ SKY - NIGHT
text: ...out into the night. The LIGHT swiftly swirls behind the
text: mountains and suddenly the night becomes alive with CELESTIAL
text: COLOUR...an AURORA BOREALIS OF FIREWORK FLASH. Then echoing
text: on the air, comes DRACO'S DRAGONSONG, sweet, clear, and
dialog: joyous.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - EINON'S CASTLE - ON BOWEN - NIGHT
text: Bowen gazes heavenward. Expectant. Waiting. Smiling. A
text: -strange look on his face. A knowledge in his eye. A
text: PERCEPTION. Gilbert and Kara wonder what he sees. If he's
text: mad with grief. They look from him to...
scene_heading: EXT. STARRY SKY - NIGHT
text: As the Light behind the mountains spins and concentrates into
text: a shimmering STREAK, lancing through the darkness. The stars
text: suddenly DIM, fading from the sky as the strange light shoots
text: across night's black curtain toward...
text: THE CONSTELLATION DRACO...where the streak of light ERUPTS
text: into a BLAZING STAR whirling with dazzling splendour into the
text: formation, becoming the eye of the constellation.
text: The whole constellation sparkles and, for an instant, A
text: PROFILE OF DRACO, looms along the outline of the
text: constellation. But just for an instant, then fading along
text: with Draco's song as the other stars return to the heaven.
scene_heading: EXT. EINON'S CASTLE ~ COURTYARD - ON BOWEN - NIGHT
text: Smiling. Kara hugs Bowen. Gilbert crosses himself. All
text: stare transfixed...
scene_heading: EXT. STARRY SKY ~ ON THE CONSTELLATION - NIGHT
text: The new star glitters brilliantly...more vivid, more lustrous
text: than the others, its' gleaming rays beaming out to and down
dialog: upon...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - EINON'S CASTLE - NIGHT
text: BOWEN...And Kara and Gilbert...their upturned faces bathed in
text: its glow. A trio of stillness amidst the raucous celebration
text: of their fellows. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK. UP. The noise
text: grows dimmer. And the light that frames them grows more
dialog: intense.
dialog: 113
text: AND THE CAMERA CONTINUES BACK.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (VO)
text: This is the tale of a Knight who slew a
text: dragon and vanquished evil.
text: The three look very small now. Seen from above. As all
dialog: things must look from Heaven. All that keeps them from
text: blending into the rest of the surging mass is the beam of
text: starshine that falls down upon them. Smiles upon them. And
text: seems to gleam ever brighter. And brighter. Until the dark
text: is swept away and all is...
scene_heading: EXQUISITE LIGHT!
speaker_heading: ‘FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 114
dialog: 
