scene_heading: PRODUCER: George Eckstein PROD. #34111
speaker_heading: August 16, 1971 (S5.R.)
speaker_heading: Rev. 9/1/71 (P.R.)
speaker_heading: TVM
scene_heading: MOVIE OF THE WEEKEND
speaker_heading: DUEL
speaker_heading: C1971)
dialog: : e@ Teleplay
dialog: by
dialog: Richard Matheson
dialog: Based on the
dialog: story
dialog: by
dialog: Richard Matheson
dialog: a
dialog: dde
speaker_heading: #34111
scene_heading: MOVIE OF THE WEEKEND
speaker_heading: DUEL
dialog: ec
speaker_heading: ACT ONE
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT, OPEN COUNTRY - HELICOPTER SHOT - DAY 1
text: Behind titles, we see Mann's car (a low-power, economy model)
text: being driven along a two-lane, rural highway. No music; only
text: the faint sounds of his car motor and those of two widely
text: separated vehicles he passes which are going in the opposite
dialog: direction. Titles end.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - MANN'S CAR 2
text: Camera drawing straight ahead of the car as it is driven along
text: the curving back country highway. Camera starts to slow down
text: after several moments and the car moves closer until we see
dialog: Mann more clearly.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE ON MANN 3
text: His suit coat off, his tie removed and shirt collar opened, his
text: sleeve cuffs folded back twice, a harness strap diagonal across
text: his chest. There is sunlight on his left arm and on part of
text: his lap. His hair is ruffled by the wind from the open window
text: at his left. He is humming softly with the music on the car
text: radio, the fingers of his right hand tapping idly on the steer-
text: ing wheel. Camera draws around him slowly, revealing a curv-
text: ing grade ahead between two high hills. Just visible, climbing
text: the grade, is a truck pulling a tank trailer. Camera moves down
text: to the speedometer, Mann is holding his speed at a steady 55
text: miles per hour. After several moments, camera pans to the
text: dashboard clock and holds. It is 11:31.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - MANN'S CAR 4
text: Camera shooting from the left and at a shallow downward angle.
text: Now the camera starts to pull ahead, drawing around so that
text: Mann's car remains in sight. After a while, the truck is re-
text: vealed foot by foot; a gigantic gasoline tanker truck pulling
text: a tank trailer, each of them having six wheels. It is not a
text: new rig but dented and in need of renovation, its tanks painted
text: a cheap looking silver color. We hear the grinding strain of
text: the truck's motor. The vertical pipe to the left of the cab
text: is spewing dark smoke which clouds back across the trailer.
text: Mann's car starts to close in on the truck and trailer.
dialog: dde
speaker_heading: #34111 2
scene_heading: INT, CAR ~ ANGLE PAST MANN 5
text: The truck trailer ahead, the distance between it and the
text: car narrowing. The word flammable is printed across the back
text: of the trailer, red letters on a white background. There
text: are parallel reflector lines across the bottom half of the
text: tank which look as though they have been clumsily applied
text: with a stencil. Swaying behind the rear tires are massive,
text: black rubber flaps. The license plate is a California issue.
text: Mann starts to edge his car toward the opposite lane. He
text: steers back behind the truck with a faint sound of aggravation
text: as he sees a blind curve ahead. Some of the dark exhaust.
text: clouds across his car and he gets a whiff of it through the
text: open window, makes another sound, this one of distaste.
text: After several moments, he edges out into the opposite lane
text: again. The ridge ahead makes it too risky to pass. Mann makes
text: another sound, this of semi-amused acceptance as he pulls
text: behind the truck again.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - TRUCK AND CAR 6
text: The truckireaches the summit of the ridge and moves across it.
text: After a brief period, it starts around a left curve on the
text: downgrade. Camera draws around to reveal that no cars are
text: approaching from the other direction. Immediately, Mann's car
text: is accelerated and steered into the opposite lane, gradually
text: passing the truck.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN 7
text: Toward the back of his car. Through the rear window, we see the
text: truck, its front fenders a dingy purple color, the paint faded
text: and chipped. Mann glances at the rear view mirror, then steers
text: back into the proper lane, slowly increasing the distance
text: between his car and the truck. He starts to hum again, relax-
text: ing. Camera moves past him, stops, then angles down to reveal
text: his samples on the back seat.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MANN 8
text: We do not see the highway behind him. He starts to whistle
text: softly with the radio music, looking at the countryside
dialog: ahead,
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ COUNTRYSIDE 9
text: Distant ranges of mountains as far as the eye can see and, in
text: the immediate area, a valley ahead. o.s.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: dde
dialog: 1g
dialog: il
dialog: 12
dialog: i3
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: #34111 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 9
text: We hear Mann's soft whistling. At the bottom of the grade,
text: the car crosses a concrete bridge and we hear the dull, popping
text: sounds of the bridge rails being passed. Camera down pans to
text: the speedometer. Mann has been driving down the last straight
text: portion of the grade at 67 miles per hour. We see the needle
text: move back as he slows to 55 and holds.
speaker_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN id
text: Camera shooting toward the right rear of the car so the high-
text: way behind is not visible. Camera moves in on Mann's face as
text: he whistles. He looks toward the dashboard.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - PHOTOGRAPH HOLDER ll
text: Attached by. a suction cup to the flat above the dashboard.
text: Camera moves in on the photograph of Mann's wife, seventeen-
text: year-old daughter and fourteen-year-old son.
dialog: t
scene_heading: BACK TO MANN 12
text: Same angle as shot #10. He smiles to himself as he whistles.
text: He looks back at the highway, his eyes going out of focus.
text: A few moments later, the roar of the truck motor makes his
text: eyes snap back into focus and he looks to his left.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK 13
text: Passing in the next lane, camera draws back and around so that
text: Mann is included in frame and we see the truck and trailer
text: gaining ground, the passing of its bulk causing Mann's car to
text: shudder slightly. The truck has barely gotton by when its
text: ariver cuts in for the propér lane. Mann makes a startled
text: sound as he is forced to brake to keep from getting too close
text: to the rear of the tank trailer.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Hey, what's with you?
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN i4
text: Looking at the truck and trailer with disapproval.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Knights o' the highway, anh?
dialog: dde
dialog: @ 15
dialog: ié¢
dialog: 1?
dialog: oe
dialog: 18
dialog: i9
speaker_heading: #34111 4
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 15
text: About thirty yards ahead. Its black exhaust clouds across
text: the windshield.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 16
text: Grimacing at the smell of the exhaust.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Oh, come on.
text: He glares at the truck.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Talk about air pollution...
text: He makes a hissing sound, then a pained one as another whiff
text: of truck exhaust assails him, He lets up on the accelerator
text: and slows down, looking at the truck, teeth gritted slightly.
text: Now he looks at the dashboard clock, winces. ~
dialog: f
scene_heading: INSERT - DASHBOARD CLOCK . 17
dialog: 11:37
speaker_heading: MANN'S VOICE
dialog: (sing-song)
dialog: ‘g g
dialog: I've gotta get going.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR 18
text: Camera on the left front fender, shooting toward Mann as he
text: edges out slowly into the next lane, looking ahead for signs
text: of appraoching traffic.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ ANGLE PAST MANN 19
text: Toward the highway ahead, the truck and trailer visible on the
text: right. There is no oncoming traffic. Mann pushes down on
text: the accelerator and his car starts to pass the trailer.
text: Camera draws around to the left so that, as he begins to pass
text: the truck, we see its cab. It is too high for us to see more
text: than the truck driver's left hand on the steering wheel -~
text: darkly tanned and square~looking with large veins knotted on
text: its surface.
dialog: dde
dialog: @ x
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: é
dialog: 24
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #34111 5
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER AND CAR 20
text: Camera ahead on the highway, far enough in advance so that we
text: cannot see the truck driver's face or Mann's, The car pulls
text: ahead of the truck.
scene_heading: INT, CAR - CLOSE ON REAR VIEW MIRROR 21
text: The truck's reflection gradually appearing in it. Camera
text: withdraws to include Mann as he pulls back into the proper
text: lane. He starts and looks up quickly at the mirror as the
text: truck driver gives him an extended horn blast.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR 22
text: The truck behind him in the distance, Mann looks down from
text: the rear view mirror.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (drily)
dialog: 'What was that, a greeting or a curse?
scene_heading: HELICOPTOR SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK 23
text: Camera moving ahead of the car and the truck and trailer.
scene_heading: INT, CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN 24
text: Toward the right front of the car. Off the highway is a slope
text: of shale-like earth with patches of scrub grass growing on it.
text: On top of the slope is a clapboard house with a television
text: aerial on its roof which sags at an angle of less than 40
text: degrees. Mann makes an amused sound. A sign appears ahead,
text: printea in jagged black letters on a piece of plywood leaning
text: against a boulder: Night crawlers - bait. Mann makes another
dialog: sound of amusement,
speaker_heading: | MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: 'Night crawler?' (x)
speaker_heading: . MANN
text: Sounds like some monster in a low
dialog: grade horror movie.
text: Up ahead, a gas station appears.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 25
text: Glancing at the fuel gauge.
dialog: 8s
dialog: dde
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: #34111 6
scene_heading: INSERT - FUEL GAUGE 26
text: Below the 1/4 mark.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD THE GAS STATION “27
text: Slowing down, Mann turns in and brakes to the left of the
text: pump island nearest the highway. Cutting off the motor, he
text: rubs his eyes and yawns, begins to stretch. The sound of the
text: truck motor behind his car makes him twist around.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK 28
text: Seen through the rear window, looming hugely, only the lower
text: portion of it visible as it is steered toward the right of the
text: island. Camera draws back and to Mann's left, turning with
text: him as he watches the truck stop beside the island with a
text: squeal of brakes, the trailer hitch paralled to his front
text: doors. Camera keeps turning with Mann's head until it is
text: shooting past him toward the cab of the truck. We see the
text: hand of the driver on the steering wheel.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD RIGHT REAR OF CAR 29
text: Mann looking toward the truck cab with a slight curiosity.
text: He starts, looking upward, as the o.s. attendant bangs once
text: on the roof.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT'S VOICE
dialog: Yessir!
text: Mann jerks his head around at the sound of the man's voice,
text: camera drawing around to the left to include the skinny, cheery
text: looking Attendant leaning over by the window, smiling in at
dialog: hin.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: What can I do you for?
text: Mann draws in slightly ragged breath.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Fill it with Ethyl, please.
scene_heading: ATTENDANT .
dialog: Will do ~ if Ethel don't mind. (x)
text: He moves, toward the rear of the car, whistling happily. Mann
text: smiles a little painfully, then looks toward the cab of the
text: truck again.
dialog: dde
dialog: e@ 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: ite,
dialog: #34111 7 ‘
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - CAB 30
text: The hand is gone.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD LEFT REAR OF CAR 31
text: The attendant removing the cap of the rear gas tank, straight-
text: ening up and turning toward the pump. Mann looks to his right.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRAILER 32
dialog: (X)
text: Beneath it the legs of the driver can be seen. He is wearing
text: faded pants and nondescript shoes. Camera pans as he moves to
text: the middle set of tires, Camera draws back to include Mann.
text: He looks toward the window as the o.s. attendant speaks.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT'S VOICE
dialog: Check under the hood for ya? Og)
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: ' Please.
text: He looks to the front. In the b.g., the truck driver's legs
dialog: move out of sight.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CAR 33
text: Mann sitting in profile, staring ahead, not really anxious
text: but not comfortable either. Camera starts to draw back.
text: After several moments, we see the attendant by the open hood.
text: He looks at Mann.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Looks like you could use a new
text: raddiator hose.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (drily)
dialog: Where have I heard that one before?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: T'll get one later.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: You're the boss.
text: Camera keeps withdrawing until we see in full shot how the
text: truck and trailer dwarf Mann's car. In relative size, it is
text: akin to seeing a tug boat beside an ocean liner.
dialog: g
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: #34111 8
scene_heading: INT. CAR = ANGLE THROUGH WINDOW ON CLIPBOARD - MINUTES LATER 34
text: As the attendant tears off Mann's receipt and hands it to him
text: with his credit card, camera drawing back to reveal Mann as
text: he takes then.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: You save them stamps?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: No,.thank you.
text: He turns on the motor.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Good enough,
text: Mann lets off the emergency brake and starts to drive away
dialog: from the station.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Come back now!
speaker_heading: 1
text: As Mann steers back onto the highway - looking across his
text: shoulder to make sure it's clear - we see the truck through
text: the rear window, parked by the gas pump island. Mann picks
dialog: up speed.
speaker_heading: WIFE'S VOICE
dialog: (sadly chiding)
dialog: Why do you always turn down stamps,
dialog: Dave?
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT (x)
dialog: Cause you always make me lick them.
text: He grins.
scene_heading: ANGLE DOWN HIGHWAY - TOWARD GAS STATION 35
text: Mann's car approaches camera and drives past, moving out of
text: frame. Camera holds. Down the highway, the truck and trailer
text: pull away from the gas station, move onto the highway and
text: approach camera. There is a glare of sunlight on the wind-
text: shield and we cannot see the driver's face. The huge truck
text: moves into close f.g., passing camera, filling the screen.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - CLOSE ON SPEEDOMETER 36
text: The needle steady at 55. Camera draws up and back to include
text: Mann, angling to reveal the highway and terrain ahead. After
text: awhile, the sound of the truck motor begins impinging on the
text: sound of the car motor and Mann glances at the rear view
text: mirror, reacting to what he sees.
dialog: dde
dialog: 6 37
dialog: eh,
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: 1B
dialog: “e
speaker_heading: #34111 9
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR 37
text: The truck overtaking it rapidly. Mann alternates worried
text: glances between the rear view mirror and the highway ahead.
text: He starts to speed up, is disturbed at being forced to do
text: so and begins to slow again. The truck, moving faster and
text: faster, turns out into the opposite lane. Seeing that the
text: truck driver is determined to pass, Mann slows down further.
text: Camera draws around to show the leviathan shape of the truck
text: passing on the left. Mann throws an irritated glance at it.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: What are we having, a contest?
text: Camera keeps moving around Mann, following the movement of the
text: truck. No sooner has it passed than the driver angles toward
text: the proper lane. Mann makes a sound of incredulous surprise
text: as he lets up sharply on the accelerator pedal to keep from
text: being sideswiped.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: What's with this guy?
speaker_heading: L
text: The truck pulls on ahead, then shows down. Mann has to
text: decrease his speed even more. The odor of the truck's exhaust
text: reaches him again and, with an angry mutter, he starts cranking
text: up the window to his left.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 38
text: As he finishes cranking up the window, looks at the clock.
scene_heading: INSERT - CLOCK 39
dialog: 11:59
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 40
text: His expression tightening.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: I have got to meet Forbes at quarter
dialog: to three; that's all there is to it.
text: After a few moments, he sees something ahead and reacts with
text: angry satisfaction.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Ah.
dialog: dde
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: #34111
dialog: 10
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - HIGHWAY AHEAD
text: Widening, a passing lane between the other two.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MANN
text: Jarring down his foot on the accelerator pedal and starting
text: to steer to the left.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT ~ CAR
text: Camera drawing ahead of it.
text: lane and starts accelerating further, Camera moves in quickly
text: As the car reaches the middle
text: on the windshield and Mann's expression of disgust.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ ANGLE PAST MANN
text: Toward the truck ahead.
text: blocking his way.
dialog: t
dialog: Oh, for
speaker_heading: MANN
text: Breaking off, he slows down.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: Waiting for the truck and trailer to pass whatever vehicle he
text: assumes to be ahead.
text: It is edging into the middle lane,
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: Remaining in the middle lane.
speaker_heading: MANN
text: Beginning to get the message.
dialog: right to check.
text: He edges his car toward the
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD HIGHWAY AHEAD
text: His car moving enough to the right for him to see that there
text: is no third vehicle ahead.
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: al
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: #34111 11
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 49
text: looking at the truck and trailer, not wanting to believe the
text: evidence facing him but hard put to do otherwise.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Are you kidding?
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 50
text: in the middle lane, the right lane clear ahead, Mann's car
text: straddles both lanes.
speaker_heading: MANN 51
text: There is only one way to find out. His lips press together
text: and he steers completely into the right lane, starts accele-
dialog: rating.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK : 52
dialog: I
text: edging over to block his way.
speaker_heading: MANN 53
text: slowing down in consternation.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: I don't believe it.
text: He stares at the truck incredulously; drives that way for
text: awhile, then, abruptly, features tightening, flicks down the
text: turn signal lever and, depressing the accelerator pedal,
text: edges toward the middle lane again, sees it's clear and
text: steers completely into it.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK 54
text: As his car finishes its shift into the middle lane, the truck
text: and trailer shift to block his way.
scene_heading: EXT, CAR - ANGLE ON WINDSHIELD 55
text: Mann’s expression contorting. (X)
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Oh, yeah?! (x)
dialog: 
dialog: al
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: #34111 12
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN — TOWARD TRUCK 56
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: He's got to be kidding! (X)
text: With a labored exhalation, he steers back quickly into the
text: right hand lane. Ahead, the truck shifts over to block
dialog: his way.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: You --- !
text: Breaking off, he exhales hard again. His fingers tap on the
text: steering wheel. Moments pass, Impulsively, he steers into
text: the middle lane again.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - TRUCK AND CAR 57
text: The truck moving into the middle lane to block the car. Mann
text: steers back into the right lane and the truck does the same.
scene_heading: INT. CAR = CLOSE ON MANN 58
text: Face contorted with anger, he slams the heel of his hand
text: three times on the horn bar, then holds it down as he steers
text: into the middle lane again.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - TRUCK AND CAR 59
text: The truck moving over to block the middle lane. Mann stops
text: honking the horn and steers back toward the right lane, then,
text: as the truck starts edging over, suddenly turns back to the
text: middle lane again, accelerating.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MANN : 60
text: His determined expression becoming one of disbelief. He
text: lets up on the accelerator pedal and slows down.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK 61
text: straddling the right and middle lanes, blocking them both.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - ANGLE THROUGH WINDSHIELD 62
text: Mann, as he pounds on the horn, resulting in a series of (X)
text: staccato blasts.
dialog: (X%)
dialog: al
dialog: 63
dialog: 
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: é
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: #34111 13
scene_heading: INT. CAR -— CLOSE ON MANN 63
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: I don't believe it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I just don't believe it.
text: He blows out shaking breath. Now he sees something ahead
text: which makes him grimace,
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Oh, no.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 64
text: The highway narrowing to two lanes again,
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 65
dialog: fit to be tied.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: ‘Why did I go this way?
dialog: (pause; self-
dialog: mockingly)
dialog: I'm tired of the freeway, honey. (x)
dialog: Think I'll take the old scenic route
dialog: this time. No traffic, no pressure....
speaker_heading: MANN:
dialog: You,..dope.
text: He blows out hissing breath, Several moments pass. Then
text: his expression changes as he sees what's happening ahead.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 66
text: The driver has his left arm out the window, waving him on.
text: The road ahead curves blindly to the right.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 67
text: His expression hardening to one of vengeful satisfaction.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Well, it's about time, Charlie.
text: He twists the steering wheel, accelerating toward the other
text: lane. Instantly, his face goes blank with shock.
dialog: 
dialog: al
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: #34111 14
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ OTHER LANE
text: Camera zooms in on a blue sedan hurtling toward camera.
speaker_heading: MANN
text: gasping as he jerks the steering wheel around.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR
text: returning to the right lane so precipitately that the rear
text: end starts to fishtail. The blue sedan shoots by in the
text: other lane, missing Mann by no more than a few feet, the
text: driver of the sedan honking his horn in angry reaction.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR
text: Mann struggling to control the zigzag whipping of his car
text: as the blue sedan speeds off to b.g., horn honking.
dialog: '
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR
text: Camera pulling ahead of it. Mann is able to regain control
text: and his car straightens out.
scene_heading: INT. CAR = CLOSE ON MANN
text: A dazed expression on his face.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: END OF ACT ONE
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 7
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: aae
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: Te
dialog: 77
dialog: e
speaker_heading: #34111 15
speaker_heading: ACT TWO
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: Inu, CAR = CLOSE ON MANN 74
text: A continuation of Scene #73.
speaker_heading: MANN' THOUGHT
dialog: My God.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: My God. He wanted me to hit that
text: ear head on.
dialog: 
text: He blinks, shakes his head, swallows; manages to control his
dialog: breathing.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Boy, oh, boy, oh, boy.
text: He stares at the truck ahead.
dialog: .
scene_heading: POINY OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER a 75
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (incredulously) ‘
dialog: Not only meant for me to be killed
text: but a totally innocent passerby as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 76
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Holy Mackeral.
text: Irritatea suddenly by the radio on which a singing commercial
text: is being performed, he reaches out and jerks the knob around,
text: turning off the radio. He drives in seething silence.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK 77
text: As he starts reacting once more to the dark exhaust fumes of
text: the truck, breath quickening, sounds of mounting aggravation
text: in his throat. The highway ahead curves to the left and we
text: see that there is no approaching car in sight. Abruptly,
text: Mann steers left into the other lane. The truck edges over
text: to plock his way. Immediately, Mann forces down the horn bar,
dialog: nolas it down. We cannot hear what he is saying though we
text: realize that he Is Cursing at the truck driver.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: aqae
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: #34111 16
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 77
dialog: Come on, you miserable lunatic! (xX)
dialog: Move your fat-ended truck out of
dialog: my way! .
text: The truck remains in front of him. Mann lets up on the horn
text: par, breathing hard, steers back into the proper lane. The
dialog: truck ana trailer do the same.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 78
text: His anger fading to be replaced by a kind of pained wonderment
text: as he stares at the truck ahead.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: What is with you anyway? I pass your
dialog: stupid rig a couple of times and
dialog: you go flying off the deep end. Are
dialog: you nuts or something?
text: He nods tensely
speaker_heading: MANN 'S THOUGHT
dialog: ‘Wo other explanation.
text: He grimaces at the fumes again.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Those fumes. Could die from them.
text: He lets up on the accelerator pedal.
scene_heading: POINi OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK 79
text: Moving ahead as Mann slows down.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: I'm never gonna make that : (Xx)
dialog: appointment.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 80
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: {irritably)
dialog: Where are the police around here
dialog: anyway?
text: He makes a scoffing noise.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: dde
dialog: r ) 80
dialog: gl
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #34111 17
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 80
scene_heading: . MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: What police?
dialog: eat)
dialog: Here in the boondocks? They
dialog: probably have a Sheriff on horse-
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (an aggravated imitation
dialog: of this 'Sheriff')
dialog: Well, I guess it's time to saddle
dialog: up and check out that new fangled XY)
dialog: highway -~ ain't been out there
dialog: for a month,or two.
text: He starts to smile, then gets a startled look on his face as
text: the car begins to bounce. He looks at the highway.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ HIGHWAY AHEAD 81
text: the paving consists of pitted slabs with gaps between them.
dialog: t . . .
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 82
text: uooking toward the truck and trailer.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 83
text: Jolting up and down,
speaker_heading: MANN'S VOICE
dialog: I hope it shakes your brains loose.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: if you have any.
speaker_heading: CLUSE ON MANN B4
text: Face set against the jarring impacts as he drives. After
text: awhile, the jarring stops. Shortly thereafter, Mann sees
text: something ahead that makes him smile with satisfaction.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Ah.
dialog: (pauses; more loudly)
dialog: Ah.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 85
text: Almost to the base of a long, steep hiil.
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: ade
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: #34111 18
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 86
text: His smile of satisfaction disappearing as he glances at the
text: dashboard clock. He makes a worried sound.
scene_heading: INSERT - DASHBOARD 87
text: The time is 12:13.
speaker_heading: MANN' VOICE
dialog: I've gotta move,
scene_heading: INT. CAR - INSERT - DASHBOARD CLOCK 88
text: The time now 12:21.
scene_heading: HELICOPTOR SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER AND CAR 89
text: Moving up, the steep, curving grade, the truck's motor grinding
text: noisily, Mann's car about thirty yards behind.
scene_heading: IN?, CAR - CLOSE ON MANN 30
text: Looking ahead for an appropriate place to pass.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ TRUCK AND TRAILER 91
text: Moving slowly up the grade.
speaker_heading: MANN 92
text: Poised and ready for his chance; trying to ignore the fumes
text: which are setting his stomach on edge. Finally he sees what
dialog: he's looking for.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER AND GRADE AHEAD 93
text: the highway beginning to curve to the left. No approaching
text: cars in sight. Camera zooms in on a turnout for the other (X)
dialog: lane.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 94
text: Flooring the accelerator pedal, he shoots into the opposite
dialog: liane.
dialog: 
dialog: dde
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: #34111 . i9
scene_heading: ANGLE PASS MANN - TOWARD TRUCK 95
text: The slow moving truck begins to angle out in front of him.
text: Mann keeps steering toward the left. By the time he is
text: past the trailer, he runs out of paving and his car speeds
text: onte the dirt turnoff, camera drawing around to his left to
text: keep the truck and trailer in view. Clouds of dust start
text: billowing around the car, obscuring the truck from sight.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (tightly)
dialog: Look out. Look cut.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR 96
text: Camera pulling ahead of it as it rakes across the turnoff,
text: tires buzzing and crackling on the dirt, then shoots back
text: onte the highway before the turnout stops. The truck cannot
text: be seen through the dust.
scene_heading: INT. CAR > MANN : 97
text: A: look of elation on his face. He glances at the rear view
text: mirror and a barking laugh erupts in his throat.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - REAR VIEW MIRROR 98
text: The truck and trailer just emerging from the swirling clouds
dialog: of dust.
speaker_heading: MANN'S VOICE
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: How do you like the smell of something
dialog: rotten in your nose for a change?! (x)
speaker_heading: MANN 99
text: Face hard with savage glee, he pounds out the rhythm of
dialog: "Shave and a haircut, two bits" on the horn,
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: That for you, Jack! Haah!
text: le chuckles to himself, starts cranking down the window.
scene_heading: HELICOPTOR SHOT ~ CAR 100
text: As it sweeps across the summit of the hill and starts down
text: a long, curving grade toward another valley.
speaker_heading: sH
dialog: 
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: #34111 20
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ MANN 101
text: Turning on the radio and twisting the knob until he finds a
text: jolting rock music number, he starts to beat time with it on
text: the steering wheel rim, a look of spiteful pleasure on his face.
text: The view ahead begins to please him.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: The scenic route, man.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - THE VIEW AHEAD 102
text: A striking vista: sunlit hills and desert. 0O.s. we hear the
text: rock music. Abruptly, it stops, we hear the sound of stations
text: being bypassed on the radio dial, then a station settled on
text: which is playing soft, pleasant music.
speaker_heading: MANN 103
text: Straightening up and settling back against the seat, looking
text: through thd windshield at the view; calming down. The wind
text: ruffles his hair again.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Pretty.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD THE VALLEY AHEAD 104
text: Mann hums with the radio music, the.car.passes:a boulder with
text: the word Comets painted crudely on it.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (blithely}
dialog: And who, pray tell, are the Comets?
text: He starts to whistle with the music. The car passes another
text: sign: Chuck's Cafe -- 7 Miles Ahead.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: No thanks, Chuck. If you don't
dialog: mind, I'll just. keep moving; time's
text: definitely awasting.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HIGHWAY - MANN'S CAR 105
text: As it speeds away from camera and disappears around a gradual
text: curve. Camera holds. It is still for several moments. Then,
text: faintly, in the distance behind camera, we hear the approaching
text: sound of the truck motor.
dialog: ms
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 168
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: #34111 21
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ ANGLE PAST MANN 106
text: The downgrade of the highway visible behind him through the
text: rear window. After awhile, the truck appears, closing in
text: on Mann's car. Mann fails to notice it at first. The truck
text: comes closer. Mann continues whistling with the radio music.
text: The massive truck looms in the b.g., getting very near. Mann
text: hums and taps the steering wheel. Finally, the sound of the
text: truck's motor reaches him and he glances at the rear view
text: mirror. Instantly, his face reflects his stunned reaction.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (feebly)
dialog: He's crazy. (Xx)
text: Swallowing, he presses down on the accelerator pedal.and his
text: car begins to pick up speed.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT ~ CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 107
text: Moving down the widely curving slope at increasing speeds: The
text: car pulls ahead, then the truck goes faster, closing the gap.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 108
text: Mann's face stiffened as he speeds down the slope. He. glances
text: at the rear view mirror, looks back down. The truck is
text: gaining on him steadily. He depresses the accelerator pedal
text: further, starts to pull ahead again.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER
dialog: ©
dialog: wo
text: Moving into a gradual, right-hand curve.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MANN 110
text: Leaning to the right, he brakes a little and the truck begins
text: to gain on him again. Emerging from the curve, he looks at
text: the rear view mirror, makes a sound.of apprehension. He jars
text: his foot down on the pedal and his car leaps forward.
scene_heading: SIDE SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER lil
text: As first one, then the other, sheots into frame, camera panning
text: quickly to follow their movement. Now the grade ahead runs
text: straight down several miles to the valley.
dialog: oe,
dialog: é
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: #34111 22
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER . 112
text: Picking up speed as they start down the final stretch of grade.
text: The truck closes in. The car goes faster, widening the gap.
text: The truck goes faster, closing it. The car goes faster, then
text: the truck again.
scene_heading: -INT. CAR ~ ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER : ii3
text: He glances at the rear view mirror, makes a faint noise in his
text: throat, looks down and presses in the accelerator pedal even
text: more, starts to pull away from the truck. It picks up. speed
text: and starts to close in once more. Mann glances at the
text: speedometer; reacts.
scene_heading: INSERT - SPEEDOMETER 114
text: Reaching 83 miles per hour.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER! SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 115
text: Hurtling down the slope, the truck shortening the distance
dialog: between them.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 116
text: The truck so close now that its huge, square radiator grill is
text: starting to fill the back window, Mann glances at the rear
text: view mirror, makes a whimpering sound and looks down, pressing
text: in the accelerator pedal more. The car pulls forward, widening
dialog: the distance.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 117
text: Camera pulling ahead of them in the opposite lane as they
text: bullet down the slope, the truck motor howling as it starts to
text: close in once again.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 118
text: Its square front coming closer and closer. Mann glances at the
text: rear view mirror, looks down, teeth clenched. He gazes at the
text: highway ahead with desperation. His face reflects the sudden
text: burst of hope he gets, seeing what's ahead.
dialog: ms
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: #34111 23
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TURNOFF 119
text: About a quarter of a mile distant.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 120
text: Mann braces himself to try the turnoff.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM TURNOFF - TOWARD HIGHWAY 121
text: The car and truck approaching at speeds of 90 miles an hour.
text: Mann's car starts edging over, then, as it reaches the turnoff,
text: camera zooms in on the windshield.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - CLOSE ON MANN 122
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Don't! You'll turn over! ()
dialog: d .
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM ‘TURNOFF ~- TOWARD HIGHWAY 123
text: Camera shooting toward the valley now. Mann's car roars off,
text: pursued at close range by the truck and trailer.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN ~- TOWARD TRUCK AND TRIALER 124
text: The truck so close now that only the lower portion of its front
text: is visible through the rear window. Mann glances up at the
text: rear view mirror, makes a panicky sound. He presses down on (x)
text: the accelerator pedal, pulls ahead again, glances at the
text: speedometer, makes a sound of agonized foreboding.
scene_heading: INSERT - SPEEDOMETER ‘ 125
text: Registering 94 miles an hour.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT ~- CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 126
text: Descending the slope which is beginning to level now.
dialog: 
dialog: ms
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: #34111 24
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 127
text: Mann glances at the rear view mirror again. Seeing how close
text: the truck is causes blind fury to lance through his fear and
text: he begins to honk his horn with frightened rage. This only
text: causes the truck driver to close the distance between them
text: even more. Mann glances at the rear view mirror and his
text: expression collapses.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: He's gonna kill me.
text: Teeth set against the rise of incapacitating panic, he presses
text: down on the accelerator even more and pulls ahead.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK 128
text: The pursuit continuing down the slope. Retaining the two
text: vehicles in frame, the camera slowly draws around until we
text: see the valley ahead. In the distance is a low building -
text: surrounded! by open ground, two trucks, one large, one a pick-
text: up, and two cars parked in front of it. Mann's car reaches the
dialog: base of the slope. .
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 129
text: Mann looking ahead with desperate resolve.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - BUILDING 130
text: A sign above it reading: Chuck's Cafe. The car comes closer
dialog: to it.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 131
text: Bracing himself, Mann accelerates and starts to pull away
text: from the truck, looking ahead tensely.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - CAFE AND GROUNDS 132
text: Very close now. We see a pair of gas pumps about 25 feet in
text: front of the cafe.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 133
text: A moment; two. Suddenly, Mannstarts to brake and swerve to
dialog: the right.
dialog: othe,
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
speaker_heading: #34111 25
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: Camera pulling into the area around the cafe.as Mann's car
text: rakes across the open ground. Immediately, it starts to
dialog: fishtail.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HIGHWAY
text: Showing the truck and trailer shooting by on the highway as
text: Mann attempts to keep his car under control.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR
text: Its rear end lashing from side to side, spewing dirt and
text: vaising clouds of dust. As it passes the gas pumps, the
text: fishtailing movement starts ta become a careening skid.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ MANN
text: Face distonting.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Steer with it!
text: He steers into the skid, braking as much as he can.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT ~ CAR
text: Straightening out a little, heading toward the left.side of
text: the cafe. It almost sideswipes one of the parked.cars. as
text: it skids by it.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ MANN
text: The trucks, cars and cafe flying by outside. He manages to
text: straighten out the car a little more and presses on the brake
dialog: pedal.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR
text: slowing down as it leaves the cafe behind.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ MANN
text: xveacting as he sees what's dead ahead. He presses the brake
dialog: pedal in further.
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
speaker_heading: ms #34111 26
scene_heading: @ 142 POINT OF VIEW SHOT - BARBED WIRE FENCE 142
text: Separating the open area around the cafe from the desert.
scene_heading: 143 CLOSE ON MANN'S FOOT 143
text: pressing in further on the brake pedal.
scene_heading: 144 ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD FENCE 144
text: The car is almost to it now.
scene_heading: 145 UP ANGLE ON MANN 145
text: as he drives the brake pedal to the fioor.
scene_heading: 146 MOVING SHOT --CAR 146
text: Camera pulling ahead of it as its rear end brakes to the right
text: and it spins half around, sheering sideways to a halt ina
text: cloud of dust as the camera passes over the barbed wire fence
text: and stops.
scene_heading: 147 INT. CAR - MANN 147
text: Flung against the harness strap, his neck wrenched. by the
text: sudden stop. He cries out dully and reaches up with his left
text: hand to clasp at the back of his neck, grimacing with pain.
text: He makes faint noises in his throat, éyes closed, hody slumped.
text: Camera holds, everything totally motionless.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: END OF ACT TWO
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: nt
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: #34111 27
speaker_heading: ACT THREE
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MANN 148
text: The only sound that of his erratic breathing. He presses
text: his right hand over his heart, making a sound of reaction
text: to its heavy beat.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: 3 Oh,.wow, it’s pounding. (X)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No wonder.
text: He rubs at his neck, hissing. 0.S. footsteps make him open
text: his eyes abruptly and look around so fast that he hisses
text: again at the new pain in his neck.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING OLD. MAN 149
text: In overalls and yellow flannel shirt, a hat on his head,
text: a toothpick protruding from the side of his mouth. In the
text: b.g. near the cafe, several men stand, looking curiously
text: toward the car.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You all right, mister?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: { swallowing)
dialog: Except for my neck.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Got y'self a whiplash prob'ly.
text: Mann grunts. The old man looks toward the others.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: He's all right!
text: The men remain watching.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MANN:
dialog: Truck driver tried to kili me.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Kill ya?
dialog: (beat; awed)
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: nt
dialog: / e 149
dialog: 8%
dialog: ait,
speaker_heading: #34111 28
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 149
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Chased me down the hill at more
dialog: than ninety miles an hour.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yeah, I saw ‘im flyin' by.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tried to kill ya.
text: He whistles softly as Mann nods, then, wincing, has to stop.
text: He rubs his neck.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Sure looks like ya got y'seif a
dialog: whiplash all right.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Anything I can do for ya?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN -
dialog: ! (nodding) .
dialog: “Okay.
text: In the b.g. one of the men goes back into the cafe.
text: Another starts approaching. The old man looks at Mann in
text: silence for a few moments.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Tried to kill ya.
text: He grunts, mightily impressed by this. Mann nods a little.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: He must be crazy.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: I know he's crazy.
text: The old man chuckles briefly and without humor.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Qught t'be arrested.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: you said it.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (nods; pause)
dialog: Well, you take it easy now.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: nt
dialog: r ) 149
dialog: 
dialog: 150
dialog: 8,
dialog: isl
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: a
speaker_heading: #34111 29
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 : 149
text: The old man turns away and starts back toward the cafe.
text: Seeing the approaching man, he speaks.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: He's all right. Got hisself a
dialog: little whiplash, that's ali.
text: The other man waits for him and they both start back toward
text: the cafe, the second man questioning the old man. Mann
text: slowly releases the harness strap and, pulling his key ring
text: free from the dashboard, opens the door.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAR - MANN 150
text: His legs give as he stands and, making a startled noise, he
text: grabs the door to keep them from buckling.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Wow. (x)
dialog: — (whistles softly)
dialog: : What an experience.
text: After a few moments, he closes the door and starts toward
text: the cafe, dropping the key ring into his right trouser
text: pocket. He rubs at the back of his neck as he walks, camera
text: panning to follow his movement, then stopping. He moves
text: away from camera, having difficulty with his legs.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - MANN isl
text: Looking washed out as he moves toward the cafe, rubbing the
text: back of his neck.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: I'il never make that appointment
dialog: now.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh, what's the difference. (X)
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST CORNER OF CAFE - TOWARD MANN 152
text: Camera draws around as he turns the corner. He glances
text: aside as a car motor starts o.s.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE PAST MANN-~ TOWARD OLD MAN'S CAR 153
text: As his-battered coupe pulls away, the old man taps the back
text: of his neck with one finger as though to remind Mann that he
text: probably has a whiplash. Mann raises his right hand in a
text: returned gesture, then looks toward the cafe, frowning as he
text: sees a sign in the window.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: nt
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
speaker_heading: #34111 30
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - SIGN - MANN'S POINT OF VIEW 154
text: The sign reads TRUCKERS WELCOME.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - MANN 155
text: Making a shuddery repelled sound; looking away from the sign.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE - ANGLE ON DOOR 156
text: O.s., the sound of juke box music playing, a murmur of voices.
text: Mann comes in and heads back for the washroom, looking straight
text: ahead, camera pulling close ahead of hin.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (Owner 's)
dialog: What happened out there, mister?
speaker_heading: MANN
text: In a minute.
text: He does not look to either side, feeling awkward, sure that
text: everyone is looking at him. We do not get a clear view of
text: anyone, the camera pulling ahead of Mann too closely. Reach-
text: ing the rear of the cafe, he walks along a narrow hallway,
text: then turns left. Camera pans, then stops as Mann opens @
text: door and goes into the Men's room. The door shuts and we
text: see the sign GENTS on the door.
scene_heading: INT, MEN'S ROOM 157
text: small and dingy. Moving to the sink, Mann twists the right
text: hand faucet and leans over to cup cold. water in his palms,
text: hissing at the pain it causes in his neck. He splashes water
text: in his face for several moments before straightening up. The
text: only sounds are those of the running water and the juke box
text: music pulsing faintly o.s. Mann tugs down several paper
text: towels from their dispenser and pats them against his drip-
text: ping face. He twists his head around ginerly, experimentally,
text: wincing.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Take a couple of aspirins.
text: Dropping the paper towels into a wastebasket, he regards his
text: reflection in the wall mirror above the. sink.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Still among the living, I see.
text: Swallowing, he removes 4 metal comb from his back trouser
text: pocket and begins to neaten his. hair, grimacing slightly at
text: the pain his movements cause in his neck.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: &
dialog: %
dialog: 
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
speaker_heading: #34111 3
dialog: a
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 157
scene_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT .
dialog: You never know.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You just never know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You just go along figuring some
dialog: things don't change. Ever. Like
dialog: being able to drive on a public
dialog: highway without somebody trying to
dialog: murder you.
text: He finishes with his hair and starts to wash his hands.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Then one stupid thing happens --
dialog: twenty, twenty-five minutes out of
dialog: your whole life -- and all the
dialog: ropes that kept you hanging in
dialog: there get cut loose.
text: He pulls down more paper towels and starts to dry his hands,
text: looking at his reflection again.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: And it's like there you are -~
text: right back in the jungle again.
scene_heading: INT. NARROW HALLWAY - ANGLE ON DOOR TO MEN'S ROOM 158
text: After several moments, Mann opens the door and comes out. As
text: he reaches close f. g. camera starts to pull ahead of him. —
text: He moves into the cafe and turns to the right, sighing heavily.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: All right, boy, it was a nightmare
text: but it's over now.
text: Camera draws around, then stops as he sits in the back booth
text: and picks up a menu from its rack, opens it and starts to
dialog: look at it.
speaker_heading: OWNER'S VOICE
dialog: You all right?
text: He looks toward the counter.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD COUNTER ist
text: The owner, wearing a wrinkled, soiled apron over his clothes,
text: is looking over from the stove near the rear of the counter.
dialog: He is the only man we see.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ¢
dialog: (
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ml #34111 32
speaker_heading: 159 CONTINUED 159
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (not wanting to talk)
dialog: Fine; thank you.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: What happened out there?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Oh. Just a little...complication,
dialog: you might say.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: 160 ANGLE ON MANN 160
text: looking back at the menu to prevent further conversation
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (gibing)
dialog: Looked like a big complication to me.
dialog: i .
text: General laughter. Mann does not raise his eyes.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: And how about minding your own (xX)
dialog: business.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Book a nice hotel room, when I get
dialog: there,order me a bottle of something
dialog: expensive; soak my poor abused neck
dialog: in-a hot bath ---
text: He starts to look up toward the front of the cafe, ready to
dialog: order.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (finishing)
dialog: ~~ and forget the whole thing.
text: Instantly, his breath stops as he gapes in shock toward the
text: front window of the cafe.
scene_heading: 161 POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ FRONT WINDOW 161
text: Camera zooms in on the window. The truck and trailer are parked
text: in front, cutting off the view of the two gas pumps.
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
speaker_heading: #34111 33
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 162
text: Staring at the truck in unbelieving shock.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: It isn't true.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He won.
dialog: (with mounting
dialog: anger and fear)
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: He had the whole highway to (xX)
dialog: himself! Why did he have to come
dialog: back?!
text: His lips begin to tremble and he presses them together. Suddenly
text: he stiffens, looking at the customers in the cafe.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ CUSTOMERS 163
text: Five men in all, three along the counter, two in booths near
text: the front. ‘Two at the counter are chatting with the waitress.
text: The third is near the front.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 164
text: Looking at the man tensely.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN 165
text: His pants and shoes similar to those we saw earlier.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 166
text: Staring at the man. After several moments, he glances at the
text: two men in the booths just to make certain. His features tense.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN IN FRONT BOOTH 167
text: His back to camera, his left leg sticking out in view. Camera
text: zooms in on it. It is also garbed in similar pants and the foot
text: has a shoe on it which might well be the one we saw earlier.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 168
text: leoking ill. His gaze shifts from one man to the other, stops
text: at the man at the counter.
dialog: é
dialog: 
dialog: m1
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: #34111 34
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD MAN AT COUNTER 169
text: The man is turning his head to look toward the back of the
text: cafe. Abruptly, Mann jerks up the menu, cutting off the sight
text: of the man. Camera draws around slowly to show him staring
text: sightlessly at the menu, his expression one of mounting torment.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Why didn't I look at faces when I
dialog: came in? Now there's no way of know-
dialog: ing which one it is.
text: He twitches as the waitress speaks o.s.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (not too genial)
dialog: You ready t'order?
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - MANN AND WAITRESS 170
text: Mann looking at her blankly before answering.
speaker_heading: ' MANN
dialog: Uh...yes, I-I'll have a --
dialog: {looking at the
dialog: menu )
dialog: A...ham on rye and -~ a bottle of
dialog: beer, please.
text: She turns away. The juke box music stops.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (a little too
dialog: loudly)
dialog: And do you have ---?
text: He breaks off as she stops and looks across her shoulder at
text: him. He tries to smile.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Do you have any aspirin?
text: She grunts and moves out of frame, Mann watches her go, then
text: glances uneasily toward the man at the counter, looks down at
text: the table, drawing in tremulous breath. He swallows. Abruptly,
text: he attempts to put the menu back in its rack. He cannot manage
text: it and finally drops it on the table, drawing in another strained
text: breath. He clasps his hands on the table, staring at them.
text: Juke box music starts again, a driving jazz piece.
dialog: “e
dialog: mi
speaker_heading: L171
dialog: 172
speaker_heading: #34111 35
scene_heading: INSERT - MANN'S CLASPED HANDS 171
text: Trembling slightly.
speaker_heading: MANN 172
text: as he presses his lips together, angry at himself now.
text: Camera moves in very slowly on his face.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Now wait a minute,
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All right, he's in here. That
dialog: doesn't automatically mean he
dialog: intends to continue his...attack.
text: He looks at his wristwatch. The evidence it gives him helps
dialog: his rationale.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
text: It is lunchtime.
dialog: (beat
dialog: Ahd Chuck's cafe may be the only
dialog: place to eat for miles around.
text: He clasps his hands on the table again, trying hard to believe
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: He probably eats here all the time.
dialog: He was just moving too fast before;
dialog: he had to slow down, turn around,
dialog: that's all.
dialog: (pause; weakening)
dialog: That's all.
text: He cannot retain the flimsy conviction. His expression shows
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (miserably)
dialog: Why didn't I leave when I saw his
dialog: truck outside? Then I'd know what
dialog: he intends to do.
dialog: (pause; with increasing
dialog: speed)
dialog: What if he followed me out though?
dialog: -~- started after me again? I'd be
dialog: right back where I started. Even if
dialog: I got a lead, he'd overtake me soon
dialog: enough. My car's just not that
dialog: powerful -- and I doubt it's in (X)
dialog: me to drive 60 and 90 miles an hour.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: ml
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: #34111 36
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 172
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT (Cont'd)
dialog: As soon as I stopped concentrating,
dialog: I'd go back to 55 like I always do.
dialog: It's a habit, I can't help it. He'd
dialog: just ---
text: His thought voice breaks off and he jams his lips out
text: together, face in extreme close up now. Camera stops and
dialog: holds.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Take it easy!
text: The spasm of mindless dread passes after awhile and he looks
text: toward the man again.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Maybe I should try to make some kind ay)
dialog: of contact.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN AT COUNTER 173
text: We hear Matn's footsteps approaching him.
speaker_heading: MANN'‘S VOICE
dialog: Look mister, I'm sorry I irritated
dialog: you. Let me buy you a beer and get
dialog: this thing straightened out, hunh?
text: Camera pans to the man in the booth and we hear Mann's footsteps
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MANN'S VOICE
dialog: Look; mister, I'm sorry I irritated
dialog: you. Let me -~--
scene_heading: BACK TO MANN . 174
text: A hopeless look on his face.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If he ig letting the whole thing
dialog: drop, that would only get him angry
dialog: again...whichever one it is.
dialog: (agonized fury)
dialog: Which one! (x)
text: He averts his eyes, stares at the table, drained by indecision; (*)
text: starts as the waitress enters frame and sets down the sandwich
text: and the bottle of beer, a small tin of aspirin tablets.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: e
dialog: mi
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
speaker_heading: #34111 37
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 174
speaker_heading: WAITRESS 5
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Uh...no; no, thank you.
text: He opens the tin of aspirin and takes out two tablets as the
text: waitress makes out the check and tosses it on the table, turns
text: away. Mann glances up at her.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: What's with you?...I just snubbed OO
dialog: your boss? Your husband? Your boy
dialog: friend?...or does aspirin tag me a
dialog: sissy in this place.
text: He washes down the tablets with a swallow of beer. Setting
text: down the sweaty bottle, he takes a bite of the sandwich,
dialog: Srimaces.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: When did you buy this bread, last
dialog: Christmas?
text: He chews doggedly, finally draws a piece of leathery ham from
text: between his teeth and looks at it distastefully.
speaker_heading: MANN (SOTTO VOCE).
dialog: And what shoe did this come off?
text: He sighs and takes another bite of the sandwich. Chewing, he
text: looks to one side.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST WALL PAY TELEPHONE ~ TOWARD MANN 175
text: He does not make anything of it at first. Then his eyes focus
text: on the telephone.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: What if I called the local police?
dialog: Told them what was happening?
text: Camera starts to move in on him.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Then, I'd have to stay here, lose
dialog: more time.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What if that guy stayed too? Actually
dialog: talked to the police? Naturally, he'd {X)
dialog: deny everything. I have no proof;
dialog: I'm sure none of these people would
dialog: back me up. The cops would probably
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: hi,
speaker_heading: sn
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
dialog: isi
dialog: 182
speaker_heading: #34111 38
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 175
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT (Cont'd)
dialog: believe him. Then, after they were
dialog: gone, he'd take it out on me again,
dialog: only worse.
text: He is in close shot now, the torment evident on his face.
text: Abruptly, he puts the sandwich on the plate and pushes the
text: plate away from himself, drawing in a shuddering breath.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: {a cry for help)
dialog: What am I gonna do?
text: Several moments pass. Abruptly, then, his gaze leaps toward
text: the front of the counter.
text: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ MAN AT COUNTER 176
text: getting up and moving toward the cash register.
dialog: 1 :
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 177
text: watching tensely.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ MAN 178
text: stepping at the cash register and setting down the check,
text: reaching into his pants pocket.
speaker_heading: MANN 179
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN AND WAITRESS 180
text: The man taking two crumpled dollar bills from the pocket of
text: his pants and tossing them onto the glass case. The waitress
text: picks them up.
speaker_heading: MANN 181
text: watching; tension building.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN AND WAITRESS 182
text: The waitress gives the man his change and, taking a toothpick
text: from its dispenser, the man turns for the door, sticking the
text: change into his pants pocket.
dialog: 
dialog: &
dialog: ml
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 18a
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
speaker_heading: #34111 39
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 183
text: watching; waiting; sitting woodenly, his face a mask,
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN 184
text: going outside, he moves out of sight.
speaker_heading: MANN 185
text: waiting, statue-like. Suddenly, he reacts.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~- FRONT WINDOW 186
text: Camera moves in quickly on the window as the man drives by
text: outside in the pick-up truck.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 187
text: The juke bbx music reaches a howling, pounding crescendo of
text: jazz, then stops. In the sudden, deathly silence, Mann's
text: gaze jumps to the man in the front booth.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN IN FRONT BOOTH 188
text: his back to camera as he eats. He leans over and puts a coin
text: in the juke box selector.
speaker_heading: MANN 189
text: staring at the man. He twitches as juke box music starts with
text: a crashing chord, the same jazz piece again. Swallowing, he
text: draws a breath, eyes fixed on the man.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN IN FRONT BOOTH 190
text: Camera holds on him.
speaker_heading: MANN 1921
text: Tension mounting visibly on his face and in his posture.
text: Camera moves in slowly on his face until it fills the screen.
text: Suddenly, he jars to his feet, camera pulling away to show
text: him grabbing up the check and moving toward the front of the
text: cafe, looking at the man.
dialog: 
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
speaker_heading: e001 40
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN
text: Camera approaching him.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CLOSE ON MANN
text: moving resolutely toward the front booth. His mouth tightens
text: as he notices the man's left hand.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN
text: Gamera moves in on his left hand holding a sandwich. It is
text: square and darkly tanned with large veins knotted on its sur-
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: as he stops beside the table, glaring down at the man with a
text: combination of fear and hatred.
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN
text: eating his sandwich stolidly.
scene_heading: UP ANGLE ON MANN
text: gazing down at the man.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN
text: turning his head slowly to lock up at Mann. Camera withdraws
text: to include Mann, in the b.g., the waitress, owner and two men
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
text: start ‘to watch as the conversation progresses, pitched above the
text: volume of the juke box msic.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You want somethin'?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (tightly con-
dialog: trolled)
dialog: I want you to cut it out.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: You heard me.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Bey,
dialog: mi
dialog: 198
speaker_heading: #3401 41
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 198
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Cut what out?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (voice shaking)
dialog: Let's not play games.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What the.... (x)
dialog: (hell are you talking about)
speaker_heading: MANN:
dialog: (cutting him
dialog: off)
dialog: I can call the police, you know.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Police?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: You think I won't? Well, you're
dialog: wrong, Mister.
dialog: (pointing shakily
dialog: toward the truck)
dialog: You can't use that..rig of yours
dialog: as a murder weapon and think
dialog: nobody's going to say a thing
dialog: about it. I got news for you.
dialog: You're wrong.
text: He glares at the man, breathing hard, ready to blow. The
text: man glances toward the people in the b.g., grins a little,
text: then looks back at Mann.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: Man, you need help.
text: It all explodes in Mann and, with a maddened look, he slaps
text: the sandwich from the man's hand.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Don't tell me I need help, you
dialog: lousy --!
text: He breaks off startledly as the man lunges up at him, suddenly
text: enraged. They grapple for a moment, then the man drives a
text: short right to Mann's stomach. Mann doubles over, clutching
text: at his stomach, his face gone blank. The man delivers a
text: wild haymaker with his left, hits Mann on the shoulder and
text: knocks him against the table of the booth. The owner starts
text: to run around the counter angrily.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ml = #34111. 42
scene_heading: e@ 198 CONTINUED - 2 198
speaker_heading: 5 OWNER
dialog: Hey! Hey!
scene_heading: 199 REVERSE SHOT ~ TOWARD WALL 199
text: The man grabs Mann by the left arm and jerks him back on his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (viciously)
dialog: Who d'ya think you are knockin'
dialog: my san'wich out o' my hand!
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: You wanna fight, go on outside!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Damn right I wanna fight! I
dialog: wanna knock this creep's head
dialog: off!
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: Y'already hit him twice! What
dialog: more d'ya want?
dialog: I wanna --!
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Can't ya' see he's sick? He
dialog: can't fight no one!
text: The man glares at Mann, slowly regaining control of himself.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Creep comes up and knocks my san'wich
dialog: out o' my hand.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: (trying to settle
dialog: things)
dialog: Come on, I'll make ya' another
dialog: one.
text: The man makes a sound of angry resistance but allows the owner
text: to turn him away. The juke box music stops.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: (to Mann)
dialog: Why don't you get out o' here?
dialog: 
text: Mann cannot respond, holding both hands pressed against his
text: stomach. The owner and the man move out of frame and
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
speaker_heading: #3411L > 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 199
text: camera moves in on Mann. He closes his eyes, wincing, making
text: a soft, gagging noise. After a few moments, he looks up as
text: the o.s. man speaks.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Anh, forget it, I don' wanna
dialog: stay here anyway.
text: Mann stares at the man, cringing slightly as the man enters
text: frame and snatches his check off the table, turns out of frame
text: again. Mann keeps watching him.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN 200
text: moving to the cash register.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MAN - TOWARD MANN 201
text: Mann watching as the man pays his bill and, turning, moves
text: out of frame. Mann's head starts to turn.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 202
text: completing the turn of his head to watch the man open the
text: o.s. door and go outside. The door. shuts.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN 203
text: moving out of sight.
speaker_heading: MANN 204
text: pushing slowly to his feet and moving to the window, camera
text: moving with him. He stops.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ MAN 205
text: striding angrily across the ground. The truck and trailer are
text: in b.g. but the man does not seem to be heading for them.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE - ANGLE THROUGH WINDOW - MANN 206
text: his expression altering as he sees what's happening. .
dialog: m1
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
speaker_heading: #34111 44
scene_heading: INT. CAFE - CLOSE ON MANN
text: His expression becoming one of shock.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MAN
text: Getting into the other truck.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: looking abruptly toward the truck and trailer.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: On the other side of the truck, we see the legs of the
text: driver and those of the attendant. Camera zooms in on the
text: pants and nondescript shoes of the driver.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: : END OF ACT THREE
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: i,
dialog: 
dialog: al
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
speaker_heading: #34111 45
speaker_heading: ACT_FOUR
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT, CAFE - ANGLE THROUGH WINDOW - MANN 211
text: so appalled that he can scarcely register what's happened.
text: O.s., the other truck motor is switched on and, after several
text: moments, the reflection of the truck passes on the window as
text: the man drives it past the cafe and out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE - CLOSE ON MANN 212
text: staring out the window. After several moments, he turns away
text: and moves to the booth, camera drawing around to show the
text: others in b.g., looking at him, He stops and stares at the
text: 0:8. wall with dazed, unblinking eyes. Seconds pass,
text: Suddenly, he jerks his head around as he hears the sound of
text: the truck motor being turned on,
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER : 213
text: slowly starting to roll away from the gas pumps.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 214
text: watching it, stunned. Suddenly, it all erupts inside of him
text: again and he lunges for the door, camera drawing around to
text: follow his movement. The owner calls out as Mann jerks open
text: the door.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: Hey !
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE - ANGLE ON DOOR . 215
text: as Mann runs out and races toward the truck, his expression
text: half mad. in the cafe, the owner rushes after him, Camera
text: starts to pull ahead of Mann.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ TRUCK 216
text: The driver shifts gears and it travels faster toward the
dialog: highway.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: #34111 46
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - MANN 217
text: chasing the truck with a sense of martyred outrage. In
text: b.g., the owner of the cafe runs after him, Mann reaches
text: the rear of the trailer, starts along its side, shouting,
text: his voice unheard because of the grinding volume of the
text: truck's motor.
speaker_heading: . MANN
dialog: Don't you run away from me, you
dialog: spineless fink. You wanna fight, (X)
dialog: let's fight like meni Don't hide
dialog: inside that crummy truck, you dirty,
dialog: stinking....
text: The truck begins outdistancing him. His shouting becomes
dialog: audible. (x)
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Stop, damnit! Stop! (x)
text: Gradually, the truck pulls out of frame and Mann stops
text: running, stands there, panting, staring after it.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK , 218
text: as it moves onto the highway, picking up speed. The owner
text: runs into frame and stops.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: (breathlessly)
dialog: What d'ya think you're doin',
dialog: Mister?
text: Mann looks at him, then back at the truck.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: I'm talkin’ t'ya, Mister!
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: {overlapping on
dialog: 'talkin'; savagely)
dialog: Nothing! I'm doing nothing!
text: He looks back toward the truck. The owner gazes at him,
text: perplexed by his behavior. The truck recedes down the
text: highway, moves around a distant hill and disappears. Mann
text: shudders. He sucks in trembling breath.
scene_heading: INT, CAFE - CLOSE ON WALL PAY TELEPHONE 219
text: as Mann's hand slips quarters and dimes into the slots, then
text: pulls out of frame. Camera withdraws to show him standing
text: by the telephone, the receiver at his ear and lips. After
text: several moments, someone answers on the other end of the line.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: al
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
speaker_heading: #34111 47
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 219
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Mr. Forbes, please. David Mann
dialog: calling.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Oh, I see. Could I leave a message
dialog: then?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: I had a three-thirty appointment
dialog: with Mr. Forbes. Would you tell
dialog: him I've had some car trouble and
dialog: won't be able to make it.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: How long is he in the office after
dialog: lunch?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: I should be there before (X)
dialog: then, Would you tell him I'll
dialog: phone as soon as I arrive?
dialog: (Listens)
dialog: Thank you,
text: Hanging up, he turns toward the front of the cafe.
dialog: t
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM FRONT OF CAFE 220
text: Mann removes a money clip from his trouser pocket, takes two
text: dollar bills from it, and, stopping by the register, sets
text: them on the glass case with the check. The owner takes the
text: money, sticks the check in its register slot and rings up
text: the sale. He takes Mann's change from the register drawer
text: and dumps it on the glass case. Mann picks it up, puts down
dialog: a quarter.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (mutedly)
dialog: Would you give this to --- ?
text: He gestures toward the waitress with his head, Without
text: waiting for an answer, he turns for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE - ANGLE ON DOOR 221
text: As Mann comes out, the people inside begin to discuss what
text: happened. Camera moves with Mann as he turns te the right
text: and walks to the end of the cafe, turns.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - MANN 222
text: Camera pulling ahead of him as he walks toward the car.
dialog: al
dialog: 223
dialog: 
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: “@
speaker_heading: #34111 48
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ ANGLE TOWARD CAFE 223
text: Mann approaching. He reaches the car and gets inside, takes
text: the key ring out of his trouser pocket and inserts the ig-
text: nition key, then closes his eyes, draws in a long breath
text: through his nostrils and exhales it slowly.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Right; it's over,
text: Opening his eyes after a few moments, he reaches into the
text: back seat for his suit coat, removes a box of thin cigars
text: from an inside pocket and lights one. Blowing out smoke
text: with a sigh, he switches on the motor, puts the transmission
text: into Reverse and turns left as he backs away from the fence.
text: He brakes, puts the transmission into Drive and turns toward
dialog: the highway.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: I’ll take my time.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Just take my time.
dialog: t
text: ANGLE FROM HIGHWAY ~ TOWARD CAFE 224
text: Mann drives his car past the cafe and angles toward the high-
text: way, starts to drive past camera.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MANN 225
text: smoking and trying to relax as he drives.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: No need to hurry now. I'll just
dialog: eruise along at thirty, let that {X)
dialog: idiot get out of range.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - MANN'S CAR 226
text: moving along the highway at thirty miles an hour. A car
text: comes up behind him, pulls into the opposite lane and passes.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MANN 227
text: grunting with amusement.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: al
dialog: e@ 227
dialog: 
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: #34111 49
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 227
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Don't go too fast, buddy or you'll
text: catch up to the bloody Red Baron.
text: His expression ceases to be one of amusement as a thought
text: eccurs to him.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Lord, maybe that's how my friend, the (X)
text: sadist, whiles his time away; picking
dialog: on innocent drivers,
dialog: (pause; repelled)
dialog: Oh, wow. Is that possible?
text: He blows out a soft, whistling breath and shakes his head.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - MANN'S CAR 228
text: moving along the two-lane highway at thirty miles an hour.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ‘_ ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HIGHWAY AHEAD - LATER 229
text: He has finished the cigar and is tamping it out in the ash-
text: tray. The highway ahead curves gradually to the left, dis-
text: appearing behind a hill.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Well, outside of Crazy Jack, it's
dialog: not too bad a day for driving.
text: Highway nice and empty.
text: He chuckles.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Maybe everybody stays at home when
dialog: Crazy Jack is out. ,
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE 230
text: His car has picked up speed a little and he lets up on the
text: accelerator pedal.
speaker_heading: MANN’S THOUGHT
dialog: Easy does it, boy. Thirty miles
dialog: an hour, no faster.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'll just take my time.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Take my sweet ti ---
text: His thought voice terminates abruptly as he sees, ahead:
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: f
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #34111 50
scene_heading: THE TRUCK AND TRAILER - MANN'S POINT OF VIEW 231
text: in the distance creeping along the highway at approximately
dialog: fifteen miles an hour.
speaker_heading: MANN 232
text: staring at the truck, half furious, half fearful.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: And he'll take his...just waiting
dialog: for me.
text: He slows down, gaze moving to the right.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - GAS STATION 233
text: about a hundred and fifty yards ahead: old and battered with
text: some low structures in back, an office shack near the pumps.
dialog: i
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MANN 234
text: face hardening as he decides what to do.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: All right; if that's the way you
dialog: want it.
text: He speeds up and, reaching the station, turns in beside the
text: pumps and brakes. He opens the door abruptly.
scene_heading: EXT. STATION - ANGLE ON CAR 235
text: Mann gets out of the car, slams the door and starts around
text: the back of the car, heading for the office. Camera draws
text: ahead of him.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: That does it, Jack.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD OFFICE 236
text: An Old Lady wearing stained, fingerless gloves, emerges
text: from the office.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: al
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
speaker_heading: #34111 51
speaker_heading: CON TINUED 236
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Help you, Mister?
text: Mann gestures toward the office with his head.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Telephone in there?
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: (pointing)
text: Out in back.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (changing direction)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: Somethin’ fer yer car?
text: Mann slows down, looking at her.
speaker_heading: . ‘ MANN
dialog: Uh...well, see whatever Ethyl you
dialog: can get in the tank. .
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: (mollified)
dialog: All right.
text: She starts for his car, he for the telephone.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (across his shoulder)
dialog: And you might check the radiator
text: hoses.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD OLD LADY 237
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: I'll do that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Take a look at my snakes if y'have
dialog: time.
text: Mann glances around in surprise.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Your --~- ?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: al
dialog: e 237
dialog: 
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #34111 52
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 237
text: The Old Lady has turned away and doesn’t hear, Still walk-
text: ing, Mann looks to his left, reacts.
scene_heading: MOVING POINT OF VIEW SHOT - THE LOW STRUCTURES 238
text: Cages, above them a sign which reads SALLY'S SNAKERAMA STATION.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT ~- MANN 239
text: making a sound of grim amusement.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: That's all I need.
scene_heading: ANGLE TOWARD SHACK - MANN 240
text: approaching. As he reaches f.g. and moves out of frame,
text: camera jerks around so that it points toward the highway
text: ahead, It zooms in on the truck and trailer parked on the
text: shoulder. The driver stands beside it, looking toward the
text: station, too far away to be seen except as a figure obviously
dialog: watching Mann.
scene_heading: INT. CAGE - CLOSE ON RATTLESNAKE'S EYE 2a)
dialog: For a moment or two we should believe the eye to be that of
text: the truck driver. Then camera withdraws, revealing the
text: snake, its head reared. 0.s., we hear the sound of Mann's
text: passing footsteps.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD SNAKE 242
text: Mann looking at it as he walks by the cage. Inside the cage
text: are a number of snakes, most of them coiled in lethargic
text: heaps, asleep. Mann makes a sound, his smile without humor.
text: Reaching the telephone booth, he goes inside.
scene_heading: INT, TELEPHONE BOOTH - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD SNAKES 24:
text: muttering to himself as he fumbles in his pocket for change.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: What a place to put a phone booth.
text: He pulls out change and dumps it on the shelf beside the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: : 244
dialog: €
speaker_heading: #34111 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 243
speaker_heading: MANN
text: Right beside Snakerama.
text: He has to smile. Then, groaning softly, he picks up a dime
text: and slips it into its slot, dials the operator.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (singing softly;
dialog: quaveringly)
dialog: What_a day this has been.
text: Camera slowly pans as he speaks, stopping when it points
text: toward the highway ahead. The truck is moving.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Give me the police, please.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Whichever is closer.
dialog: (listens; reading the
dialog: number on the dial)
speaker_heading: 985-4321. (X)
text: ‘We waits. In the distant b.g., the truck has just completed
text: a U-turn and is starting back toward the station.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE 244
text: Mann's back to camera. Waiting, he whistles softly to him-
text: self. After several moments, there is an answer on the
text: other end of the line.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: I'd like to report a truck driver.
text: He listens, talks again.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: A truck driver. He's been endanger-
dialog: ing my life. On Highway --
dialog: {breaks off)
dialog: All right.
text: He draws in weary breath; exhales.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: {continuing the song
dialog: quaveringly)
dialog: What _a rare mood I'm in.
text: Faintly now, the sound of the truck motor is heard. Little
text: by little, it grows in volume.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: tees,
dialog: al
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
speaker_heading: #34111 54
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MANN:
dialog: (enunciating)
dialog: I'@ like to report a truck driver
dialog: who's been endangering my life.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: David Mann.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yes, two "n's".
dialog: (listens)
text: 2490 Eldorado Road.
text: By now the sound of the approaching truck has gotten quite
text: loud. Mann starts to turn.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Center City.
text: He breaks off, horrified, at what he sees.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: heading ¢traight for the. telephone booth.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: frozen, gaping at the truck and trailer.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: The truck about twenty yards distant, juggernauting toward
text: the telephone booth. Abruptly, Mann drops the receiver and
text: lurches from the booth, turns left and races for his life.
scene_heading: UP ANGLE ON MANN
text: as he stumbles, loses balance and pitches to the ground,
text: breaking the fall with his hands. In the b.g. the truck
text: smashes the telephone booth off its base, mangling and
text: flinging it aside.
text: ANGLE TOWARD MANN AND REAR OF TRAILER
text: As the truck driver turns back toward the highway, the
text: trailer smashes against the cages, breaking them apart.
text: Mann shoves to his feet, then topples, wincing, as his
text: ankle gives, Camera zooms in on him as he looks toward
text: the shattered snake cages.
dialog: 246
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
dialog: 246
dialog: 
dialog: al
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
speaker_heading: #34111 55
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - CAGES 250
text: snakes flung out and crawling in all directions, several
text: toward camera.
scene_heading: DOWN ANGLE ON MANN 251
text: He cries out in shock as one of the rattlesnakes flies by him.
text: He struggles to his feet, hissing at the pain in his ankle,
text: starts to run limpingly toward the car. Another rattlesnake
text: slithers toward him. With a revolted sound, Mann changes
text: directions, skirts the snake. Moving camera draws around
text: him, angling up to show, first, the truck and trailer receding
text: down the highway, then the old lady rushing toward Mann,
text: her expression one of angry shock.
speaker_heading: QLD LADY
dialog: Why'd he do that? (xX)
text: Mann, too stunned to answer, keeps running for his car,
text: limping painfully. She grabs his arm to stop him.
speaker_heading: i OLD LADY
dialog: “Why'd he do that? Why'd he break
dialog: my cages up?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (panting; numbly)
dialog: Call the police.
text: He jerks away and runs for his car.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: (shouting after him)
dialog: With what?! That phone's the only
dialog: one I got!
text: She looks away, grimacing with pain at the sight of her snakes.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: My snakes!
text: She rushes toward them.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST OPEN HOOD OF CAR - TOWARD MANN 252
text: In the b.g., the old lady rushes among her snakes, starting
text: to pick them up one by one. Mann slams down the hood and
text: runs around the car, camera panning with him. Yanking open
text: the door, he jars in clumsily behind the steering wheel and,
text: twisting the ignition key, starts the motor. Jerking the
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: whee,
dialog: ie,
dialog: al
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 255
speaker_heading: #34111
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: transmission shift to Drive, he floors the accelerator pedal.
dialog: 56
text: The tires spin, and the car shoots out of frame.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - MANN'S CAR
text: speeding down the highway.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ CLOSE ON MANN
text: still in a state of shock from what has just occurred.
text: Fumbling, he draws the harness strap across his chest and
text: After awhile, he looks into the rear
dialog: clips it into place.
text: view mirror and reacts.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - REAR VIEW MIRROR
text: Camera moves in on the reflection of the truck and trailer,
text: following, him again.
speaker_heading: END OF ACT FOUR
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 255
dialog: 
dialog: al
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: 259
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
speaker_heading: #34111 57
speaker_heading: ACT FIVE
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 256
text: Mann presses down on the accelerator pedal and his car
text: surges forward. Then reaction sets in and he shakes his
text: head jerkingly.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Oh, no.
dialog: (drawing in
dialog: shaky breath)
dialog: Not again.
text: He looks ahead as his car starts into a curve which turns
text: to the right around a hill.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - HIGHWAY 257
text: As the car turns the curve, we see an old barn ahead, set back |
text: several dozen yards from the highway, a one-lane road beside
dialog: it.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR 258
text: The truck and trailer hidden from view behind the hill.
text: Mann starts to slow down.
scene_heading: ANGLE ACROSS HIGHWAY - TOWARD SIDE ROAD 259
text: The tires of Mann's car squealing as he turns into the road.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM EDGE OF BARN - TOWARD HIGHWAY . 260
text: Mann turns in and drives behind the barn just before the
text: truck and trailer appear around the curve.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HIGHWAY AHEAD 261
text: As he bolts to a halt at the other end of the barn, body
text: straining against the harness strap. 0.s., we hear the motor
text: of the truck, then the truck and trailer appear, moving down
text: the highway. Mann slumps, rubbing at his neck. Camera draws
text: around him slowly as the truck and trailer move out of sight.
text: He reaches forward and switches off the motor.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Highway's all yours, Jack. I'm not
text: budging for at least an hour.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: al #34111 58
speaker_heading: 261 CONTINUED 261
text: He sighs.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Maybe the police'l1 pull you in by
dialog: then, Maybe they won't.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: But at least you'll be far away
dialog: . from me.
dialog: (beat)
text: Even at fifteen miles an hour.
text: He looks at his palms, grimacing at their scraped condition.
text: Taking a handkerchief from his trouser pocket, -he begins
text: to wet it with his tongue and clean the dirt stains off his
text: palms. After awhile, he manages a wincing smile. We hear
text: the sound of a telephone ringing. Someone picks up the
dialog: receiver.
speaker_heading: WIFE'S VOICE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MANN'S VOICE
dialog: ' Hi, honey. I've arrived,
speaker_heading: WIFE'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, good, Did you have a nice trip?
text: Mann makes a sound of pained amusement as he continues
text: cleaning off his palms.
scene_heading: 262 HIGH ANGLE LONG SHOT - CAR BESIDE BARN 262
text: very still. A scene of peace. Somewhere, a bird chirps.
text: Camera holds.
scene_heading: 263 INT. CAR - ANGLE ON MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR — (FANTASY } 26:
dialog: (X)
text: His face a mask of terror. The truck front fills the back
text: window, its motor howling. Mann glances toward the speed~
text: ometer, reacts.
scene_heading: 264 POINT OF VIEW SHOT - SPEEDOMETER - (FANTASY) 26
dialog: x
text: registering 120 miles an hour. Suddenly, the sound of an %
text: apocolyptic crash. .
dialog: 
dialog: map
dialog: 265
dialog: thru
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
speaker_heading: 271
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: #34111 59
dialog: (X)
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
speaker_heading: 267
scene_heading: INT. CAR - CLOSEUP - MANN 268
text: as he opens his eyes with a grunt of shock, face wet with
text: perspiration. For several moments, he cannot collect his
text: thoughts and stares ahead blankly. Then he sits up, rubbing
text: his eyes. He looks around sleepily for several seconds
text: before looking at the dashboard clock.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ DASHBOARD CLOCK 269
text: Ten minutes after two.
speaker_heading: MANN'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, boy.
speaker_heading: MANN { : 270
text: Yawning, he picks up his handkerchief to dry his face.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: I won't be seeing Forbes today,
dialog: that's for sure.
text: He looks at his palms and makes a worried noise.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Gotta get these cleaned off.
text: With a sigh, he reaches forward and turns the ignition key-
text: The motor starts. Mann puts the transmission into reverse
text: and twists around to look as he begins to back up.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ONE-LANE ROAD 271
text: Mann backs his car past the edge of the barn and onto the
text: road, brakes, puts the transmission into Drive and starts back
text: toward the highway, camera panning to follow the car's
dialog: movement.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM HIGHWAY - TOWARD CAR 272
text: Mann steers onto the highway and picks up speed, driving
text: past camera.
dialog: al
speaker_heading: 273
dialog: 274
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: 276
speaker_heading: 277
dialog: 278
speaker_heading: 34111 60
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR 273
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: And so Electronico's number one
text: salesman, David Mann, continues on
dialog: his merry way. {xX}
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Well, number two or three anyway. (X)
text: He manages a sleepy smile, then yawns, groans.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: What a day.
text: He leans forward and turns on the radio, adjusting the volume
text: so the music plays softly, then straightens up. A few moments
text: pass. He begins to whistle under his breath, then stops
text: abruptiy, looking stunned, as he sees ahead:
scene_heading: TRUCK AND TRAILER - MANN'S POINT OF VIEW 274
text: pulling off the shoulder and onto the highway several
text: hundred yards ahead.
speaker_heading: INT, CAR - MANN 275
text: Mindless reflex driving his right foot down against the brake
text: pedal. The car skids to a halt, Mann gaping toward the truck.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: He waited for me.
dialog: (pause; aghast)
dialog: Waited.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 276
text: pulling off the highway ahead and stopping.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 275
text: staring at the truck and trailer.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: _ (stunned)
dialog: God help me, he is crazy. (x)
text: A sudden horn blast behind makes him twist around, gasping.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MANN 27
text: as.he completes his turn to look back at the highway,
text: reacting to what he sees.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: al
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 280
speaker_heading: 281
dialog: 282
speaker_heading: #34111 61
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ STATION WAGON 279
text: bearing down on him at high speed. Suddenly, it veers off
text: toward the opposite lane.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD STATION WAGON 280
text: Mann jerks around to watch it hurtle past his car, rear end
text: snapping back and forth, back tires screeching. Camera
text: draws around quickly to follow the movement of the station
text: wagon. As it passes, we see the twisted features of the man
text: inside, his lips moving rapidly as he curses Mann. Camera
text: keeps moving, then stops as we see the station wagon swerving
text: back into the proper lane, horn honking angrily. Mann is
text: still in f.g., watching it. The station wagon passes the
text: truck and moves off.
speaker_heading: MANN‘'S THOUGHT
text: He can pass the truck,
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm the only one who can't.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ' The one who's being singled out.
text: Drawing in a shaking breath, he pulls his car onto the
text: shoulder and stops again, turns off the motor.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Well, I won't play, Charlie.
dialog: (pause; bitterly)
dialog: We can sit here for a week.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 281
text: looking at the truck, anger starting te build in him again.
text: He snaps off the radio, straightens up.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: And still no police?
dialog: (pause; looking around)
dialog: What is this, the forgotten
dialog: highway?
text: He winces, starts to rub his neck. After awhile, he stops
text: and lowers his arm, stares at the truck.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Now what?
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 28:
text: parked on the shoulder ahead,
dialog: '
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: jes #34111 62
speaker_heading: 282 CONTINUED 282
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: If I get out and try to walk to him, 1
dialog: he'll only pull away and park a
dialog: 
dialog: little farther down the highway...he (x)
dialog: doesn't want talk -- he wants torture.
scene_heading: 283 CLOSE ON MANN 283
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (with mounting
dialog: fury)
dialog: He isn't going to let it go.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He 's-just-not-going-to-let-it-go. iX)
text: On a sudden, angry impulse, he turns on the motor, snaps the
text: transmission into Drive and stamps down on the accelerator
dialog: pedal.
scene_heading: 284 ANGLE ON REAR OF CAR 284
dialog: i
text: The tires spin sizzlingly on the shoulder, shooting up dirt,
text: then the car jolts forward onto the highway, moving away
text: from camera toward the distant trunk and trailer.
dialog: £
scene_heading: 285 CLOSE ON MANN 285
text: Face going rigid as he sees what the truck driver is doing.
scene_heading: 286 POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 286
text: Starting to pull off the shoulder.
scene_heading: 287 CLOSE ON MANN 287
text: Enraged, he floors the pedal.
scene_heading: 288 ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HIGHWAY AHEAD 288
text: It is apparent that Mann cannot make it, that the truck will
text: block his way if he continues.
scene_heading: 289 CLOSEUP ~- MANN 28s
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Not
dialog: 
text: He brakes, slows down, then turns in toward the shoulder again.
dialog: jes
dialog: 290
dialog: 291
dialog: 292
dialog: 293
speaker_heading: #34111 63
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM SHOULDER
text: Mann's car heading for camera, the windshield stopping in
text: close f.g. Mann looks toward the truck with hatred.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: Pulling off the highway onto the shoulder again; stopping.
scene_heading: ANGLE THROUGH WINDSHIELD
text: Mann's words unheard as he curses at the truck driver.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: You maniac, you dirty ---
scene_heading: INT. CAR - CLOSE ON MANN
text: Voice trembling as he finishes his sentence.
dialog: t
speaker_heading: - MANN
dialog: I'd like to kill you.
text: His motor is still running, the transmission in neutral.
text: switches it off and draws in shaking breath, exhales it
text: raggedly.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Now what?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Turn around and head back east until
dialog: I reach a cut-off that'll take me
dialog: there by another route?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How do I know he wouldn't follow me
dialog: even then? He probably would.
text: His cheeks twitch as he bites his lips together.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: No! I'm not going to turn around!
dialog: I'm not!
dialog: (pause; shakily)
dialog: Why is he doing this? Does he know
dialog: who I am? Did I do something to him
dialog: once without even knowing it?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: why?!
text: He cannot remain inside the car; it feels like a trap to him.
text: He yanks up the handle and pushes out the door.
dialog: 290
dialog: 291
dialog: 292
dialog: (X)
dialog: 293
dialog: (X)
dialog: jes
dialog: e@ 294
dialog: 295
dialog: 296
speaker_heading: 297
speaker_heading: 298
speaker_heading: 299
dialog: 300
dialog: a
speaker_heading: #34111 64
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - ANGLE ON MANN 294
text: As he gets out, slams the door, paces to the rear of the car.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What's the difference, why? He's
dialog: doing it, that’s all that matters.
text: He turns and walks back toward the front, turns again, then
text: whirls and starts to move toward the truck with long, vengeful
text: strides, camera pulling ahead of him. 0.s., the distant truck
text: motor is turned on. Mann stops.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 295
text: Parked on the shoulder, its motor running.
speaker_heading: MANN 296
text: Watching it, eyes hooded, his expression one of murderous
text: animosity. Abruptly, hé starts to run toward it.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HIGHWAY AHEAD 297
text: The truck and trailer start to pull back toward the highway.
text: Mann runs faster. The truck and trailer pick up speed. Mann
text: stops running and, after a few moments, the truck and trailer
text: pull back onto the shoulder, stop.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 298
text: Staring at the truck, breathing hard. Camera moves in on his
text: face, which reflects the malignance he feels toward the truck
dialog: driver.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: If I hada rifle....
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 299
text: We hear a rifle shot, then the noise of the trailer gas tank
dialog: exploding.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 300
text: After several moments, he turns and walks back toward his car,
text: moving away from camera.
dialog: 
dialog: jes
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 302
dialog: 303
dialog: 304
dialog: 305
speaker_heading: #34111 65
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST CAR - TOWARD MANN
text: Returning to the car and stopping beside it, wondering what
text: to do. His eyes shift-as he sees a car approaching.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - SEDAN
text: Approaching down the highway at a slow speed.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: Watching the car. Abruptly, he moves toward the highway.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN'S CAR - TOWARD HIGHWAY
text: Mann steps onto the paving and raises his arms to flag down
text: the car. There is an elderly couple in the front seat, the
text: man driving. The old man slows down and pulls over to the
text: shoulder, braking his car about ten yards behind Mann's.
text: Mann walks over to the driver's window, stops. :
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD ELDERLY COUPLE
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Car trouble?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: In away. I wonder if you'd do me
dialog: a favor.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: {suspicious now)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Would you stop at the first tele-
dialog: phone booth you come to and call
dialog: the police?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Police?
text: Mann gestures toward the truck with his head.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: You see that truck?
text: The old man glances toward the truck, as does his wife.
speaker_heading: CONTINUE
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 302
dialog: 303
dialog: 304
dialog: 305
dialog: jes
dialog: @ 305
dialog: é
dialog: 306
dialog: 307
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #34111 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 305
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: (overlapping
dialog: on "that")
dialog: Mister, we don't want any trouble.
speaker_heading: MANN.
dialog: You won't have any trouble. All
dialog: I'm asking you to do is ---
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Jim, we'd better go.
text: Faintly, the sound of the truck motor reaches audibility.
text: Mann is too distraught to notice.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (voice rising)
dialog: Ma'am, all I'm asking you to do is
dialog: make a phone call.
speaker_heading: t OLD LADY
dialog: . (tensely)
dialog: Jin.
speaker_heading: . MANN
dialog: My life's in danger. Can't you
dialog: even --- ?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (breaking in)
dialog: I'm sorry, Mister.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (finishing)
dialog: ~~ make a phone call for me?
text: The old lady looks abruptly toward the truck and trailer.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Jim!
text: Both Mann and the old man look, react.
text: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ TRUCK AND TRAILER 306
text: Backing along the shoulder, heading for Mann's car.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ELDERLY COUPLE'S CAR 307
text: The old man throws his transmission into Reverse and starts
text: to back up quickly. Mann jerks around. '
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: tty,
dialog: jes
dialog: 307
dialog: 308
dialog: 309
dialog: 310
speaker_heading: 311
dialog: 312
dialog: 313
speaker_heading: 314
dialog: 315
speaker_heading: #34111 67
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 307
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Wait!
text: The car is already out of his reach. He whirls back toward
text: the truck and trailer.
text: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ TRUCK AND TRAILER 308
text: Backing toward Mann's car with increasing speed. Camera
text: withdraws to include ann looking toward it. He starts to
dialog: back off.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - MANN 309
text: Backing off, breath erratic, terror enguifing him again.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 310
text: Still coming at his car.
speaker_heading: MANN 311
text: Turning suddenly to bolt toward the desert beside the highway,
text: camera moving with him as he runs, his expression one of mind-
text: less dread. He has reached the bottom and is running like a
text: frightened child. He stumbles, regains his feet and crashes
text: on. Behind, o.s.,.the squealing brakes of the truck are heard.
text: Mann pays no attention to them, keeps on fleeing. Only as the
text: squeal of brakes gets louder and no crashing sound is heard,
text: does he look back. Seeing what he does makes him slowdown, stop.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - MANN'S CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 312
text: The truck and trailer slowing down, almost stopped now.
speaker_heading: ON MANN 313
text: as he turns, looks in the other direction.
scene_heading: DESERT - MANN'S POINT OF VIEW 314
text: An endless, bleak and searingly hot landscape.
speaker_heading: ON MANN 315
text: as he turns back to face the highway.
dialog: 
dialog: jes
dialog: 316
speaker_heading: 317
speaker_heading: #34111 68
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM ACROSS HIGHWAY - TOWARD MANN'S CAR AND TRUCK 316
speaker_heading: AND TRAILER
text: Mann in the desert, watching, as the trailer stops a few
text: yards from the front of the car. The truck driver shifts
text: into first gear and the truck starts moving forward again.
text: Camera moves with the trailer as it is pulled about fifty
text: yards down the highway and stopped again. Past the edge
text: of the trailer, we can still see the figure of Mann standing,
text: watching. The elderly couple speed by in their car. Several
text: moments pass.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MANN 317
text: Face as hard as stone.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Enough.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (huskily)
dialog: ! Enough.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You-have-pushed-me~all-you're-
dialog: going-to.
text: Drawing himself erect, he starts back toward his car, walking
text: slowly, resolutely, camera drawing ahead of him.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: END OF ACT FIVE
dialog: sf,
dialog: jes
speaker_heading: 318
speaker_heading: 319
dialog: 320
speaker_heading: 321
dialog: 322
speaker_heading: 323
speaker_heading: #34111 69
speaker_heading: ACT SIX
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST CAR - TOWARD MANN 318
text: Emerging from the desert, he walks around the front of the
text: car. Camera draws around until we see the truck parked up
text: ahead. Mann gets in his car, starts the motor and pulls
text: onto the highway, camera following. The truck pulls out
text: ahead of him.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 319
text: Mann taking a position about thirty yards behind the trailer.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - MANN 320
dialog: '
text: Looking at the truck ahead, expression unchanged. Moments
text: pass. His expression alters slightly toward suspicious
text: curiosity, as he sees what the truck driver is doing.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER 321
text: The driver has his left arm out the window, waving him on.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 322
text: Smiling with contempt.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Another car coming you want me to
dialog: hit?
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 322
text: After several moments, it seems apparent that there is no
text: car coming in the opposite direction. As the highway curves
text: to the left and Mann can see into the distance, it becomes
text: a certainty. Mann grunts softly.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: {still suspicious)
dialog: So what are you waving me on for?
dialog: (scornfully)
dialog: I know; you've repented. You regret
dialog: Our little misunderstanding. Let
dialog: bygones be bygones.
dialog: (a hissing noise)
dialog: Sure. . 9 {X}
speaker_heading: jes #34111 70
scene_heading: 324 REVERSE ANGLE - MANN : 324
dialog: 
text: Smiling tightly as he realizes what the answer is.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: I get.it;. it's no fun this way,..
speaker_heading: rL7s
dialog: is it?
scene_heading: . MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: . an It's only fun if I'm in front of
dialog: you and you can take a crack at
dialog: killing me.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Well, tough beans, Charlie. i'm
dialog: staying where I am.
scene_heading: 325 ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 325
text: The driver pulls in his arm and starts to slow down. The
text: tension in Mann's voice belies his words.
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Oh, you're slowing down? Okay.
dialog: I'll slow down too.
dialog: a He does so.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: How's that? Slow enough?
text: After several moments, the truck starts slowing down more.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: No? All right. I'll just slow
dialog: down a little more then.
dialog: 
text: After awhile, the truck and trailer are steered toward the
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (with tight, false
dialog: amiability)
dialog: Oh, you're going to stop? Okay.
dialog: I'll stop too.
text: He pulls off the road and brakes, taps the. transmission
text: lever into Park position.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: How's that, Charlie?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: jes
speaker_heading: 326
speaker_heading: 327
speaker_heading: 328
speaker_heading: #34111 71
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR 326
text: His expression making it obvious that his deliberate raillery
text: is hovering above a seething rage which may erupt at any
text: moment. His smile is humorless. His eyes, as he regards
text: the truck, are steely.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Two can play that game, you know.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN ~- TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 327
text: Moments passing. Abruptly, Mann retrieves a cigar from his
text: suit coat pocket and lights it, blows out smoke.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR 328
text: Smoking tensely.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: ‘Is it going to be like this all
dialog: day?
dialog: (pause) -
dialog: Obviously, he's not on any kind of (X)
dialog: schedule. Or, if he is, he’s sure
text: paying no attention to it.
text: He begins to look at the truck with an analytic eye.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Equally obviously, he wants me to
dialog: pass him.
dialog: (a long pause)
dialog: What if I do?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There have to be grades ahead with
dialog: all those mountains. If I keep my
dialog: speed at eighty-ninety miles an
dialog: hour, he's got to fall behind.
text: His eyes narrow as he makes a final analysis of the situation
text: and himself. Camera moves in slowly on his face.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: The only question is ---
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (continuing his thought)
dialog: Do I have the nerve to maintain
dialog: that kind of speed over a long
dialog: distance? I've never done it before.
dialog: But then I've never gone through
dialog: this before.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: jes
dialog: e@ 328
speaker_heading: 329
dialog: 330
dialog: 
dialog: 331
dialog: 332
dialog: 333
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #34111 “72
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: O.s., he taps his fingers quickly and incessantly on the
text: steering wheel rim as he thinks it over. Camera stops when
text: his face is in closeup. He stops tapping suddenly, face
text: tightening as he decides.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Right.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MANN ~ TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: He presses the cigar into the ashtray, then snaps the trans~
text: mission lever to Drive position, guns the car along the
text: shoulder, looking into the side-view mirror and pulls out
text: onto the highway. Up ahead, the truck pulls out. Mann
text: moves up behind it rapidly, eases out to see if any cars
text: are coming in the opposite direction, then, seeing none,
text: speeds into the other lane.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT ~ CAR
text: Mann starting to pull along the side of the trailer. He
text: keeps glancing at the truck, prepared to react if the driver
text: tries to ferce him off the road. The trailer remains in
text: place. Mann's car picks up speed and he starts to pass the
dialog: truck.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: Mann remaining tense, prepared for anything, throwing con-
text: stant glances toward the truck. When nothing happens, he
text: floors the accelerator pedal and starts to pass the truck
dialog: quickly. “
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - REAR OF MANN'S CAR
dialog: 5
text: Camera retaining the speed of the truck, staying beside it
text: as Mann's car draws away and is steered back into the proper
text: lane. Immediately, the truck begins to pick up speed.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: He looks into the rear-view mirror, sees that the truck and
text: trailer are going faster and smiles grimly.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: I thought so.
text: His expression hardens as he presses down on the accelerator
dialog: pedal.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 328
speaker_heading: 329
dialog: 330
dialog: 331
dialog: 332
dialog: 333
dialog: 
dialog: nt
dialog: 333
speaker_heading: 5334
dialog: 335
dialog: 336
dialog: 337
speaker_heading: 338
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: 340
speaker_heading: #34111 73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 333
speaker_heading: MANN 'S THOUGHT
dialog: All right, Charlie. Let's see you
dialog: beat me now.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Here we go.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ON. REAR OF CAR 334
text: As it roars away from camera, moving into the distance.
text: After a while the truck catches up to and begins to pass
dialog: the camera.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT ~ CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 335
text: Moving rapidly along the two-lane highway.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN. - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 336
text: His face masklike with determination as he drives. He glances
text: into the rear view mirror, reaction showing in his eyes. He
text: presses down further on the accelerator pedal, looks at the
text: speedometer and swallows, ‘unnerved despite his resolution.
scene_heading: INSERT ~- SPEEDOMETER 337
text: He is going 87 miles an hour.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST BUSH - TOWARD. CAR 338
text: The bush, shaking a little as the car shoots by, camera whip
text: panning to follow its movement down the highway. 0.5. the
text: roaring motor of the truck is heard approaching. It speeds
text: past camera and the bush shakes violentiy.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD. TRUCK AND TRAILER . . 339,
text: His expression beginning to lose its adamantine set as
text: uneasiness about the speed he's traveling starts to work
text: on him.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST BEIGE SEDAN 340
text: Parked on the shoulder under a tree. A young couple inside
text: are talking earnestly. Mann's car goes roaring past and
text: the couple looks toward it startledly.
scene_heading: INT, CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 341
text: He glances at the rear-view mirror angrily. Behind, the
text: truck speeds past the parked sedan.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ot
dialog: nt.
dialog: 341
dialog: 342
speaker_heading: 343
speaker_heading: 344
dialog: 345
speaker_heading: #34111 74
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Call the policej Please!
text: He looks at the speedometer, reacts.
scene_heading: INSERT ~ SPEEDOMETER
text: Registering 91 miles an hour.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER .
text: Speeding along the two-lane highway. Camera draws around to
text: show an overpass ahead.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE OVER HOOD ~ TOWARD MANN
text: He twitches as the shadow of the overpass whips across the
text: hood and windshield.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
dialog: f .
text: He glances at the rear-view mirror. Clenching his teeth, he
text: looks intently at the lane ahead.
scene_heading: MANN'S “THOUGHT”
dialog: There has to be some kind of town
text: ahead. The freeway passes them, but
dialog: not a highway as old as this.
text: Imagining, he starts to slow down unconsciously.
speaker_heading: OFFICER'S VOICE
dialog: Glad you called us, Mr. Mann, and
dialog: don't you worry, we'll get him.
dialog: We've been after him for some time
dialog: now. You're not the first one who's
dialog: complained.
dialog: (voice starts fading)
dialog: He's really going to get it this
dialog: time.
text: The sound of the motor drowns away the thought voice. Mann
text: .ghakes himself and glances at the rear-view mirror again,
text: reacting as he sees that the truck is closer. His gaze darts
text: to the speedometer and he reacts again, this time with fury
text: at himself, jarring down on the accelerator pedal.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Don't slow down!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 341
dialog: (X)
dialog: 342
speaker_heading: 343
speaker_heading: 344
dialog: 345
dialog: 
dialog: nt
dialog: 345
speaker_heading: 346
speaker_heading: 347
speaker_heading: 348
speaker_heading: 349
speaker_heading: 351
speaker_heading: #34111 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MANN 'S THOUGHT
dialog: (tightly)
dialog: You've got a murderer behind you!
text: He reacts, seeing something ahead.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HIGHWAY AHEAD
text: A billboard reads: SLOW DOWN! WE DON'T LIKE TO GET OUR
text: CUSTOMERS THAT WAY! JENSEN'S MORTUARY.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: Reacting to sign. We hear the sound of organ music, then a
text: man's sepulchral voice.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: David Mann was taken from us far
dialog: too soon.
text: Mann forces away the ugly imagination.
dialog: t
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HIGHWAY AHEAD
text: The hills and mountains nearer now.
speaker_heading: MANN 'S THOUGHT
text: Almost to the hills now. Hang on.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT ~ CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: The car rocketing toward the mountains.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT ~ CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: Camera pulling straight ahead of Mann's car as it speeds
text: along. In the b.g., the truck and trailer follow.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HIGHWAY AHEAD
text: He starts, gasping, as a tumbleweed rolls across the highway.
text: He almost loses control of the car, then manages to regain
text: it, jerking his left hand down to the steering wheel.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Don't lose your nerve.
dialog: 345
speaker_heading: 346
speaker_heading: 347
dialog: (x)
speaker_heading: 348
speaker_heading: 349
dialog: 350
speaker_heading: 351
dialog: A,
dialog: nt
dialog: 352
speaker_heading: 353
speaker_heading: 354
speaker_heading: 355
dialog: 356
speaker_heading: #34111 76
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 352
text: Face hardening.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: That's what he wants! -- For you to
dialog: kill yourself!
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (gutterally)
dialog: No _ way.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT ~ CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 353
text: Speeding along the highway.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HIGHWAY AHEAD 354
text: The route ahead not straight now; starting to wind up toward
dialog: the foothills.
scene_heading: i MANN'S THOUGHT
text: Almost there.
text: Camera draws around him so the broad terrain to his left is
text: visible, hills blending into mountains. Moving along a
text: distant road toward the highway is a dark sedan. Mann glances
text: toward it; tightens.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (startledly)
dialog: Is that a police car?
text: He looks ahead, then glances at the car again. Impul sively,
text: he jams the heel of his right hand down against the horn bar,
text: holding it in. The blast of his horn is shrill and racking.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND. TRAILER 355
text: He keeps glancing toward the car and holding the horn bar
text: in. Suddenly, he lets up on the bar.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW - CAR 356
text: Camera moving in on it to show that it is just a black sedan
text: with white lettering on its side.
dialog: e
speaker_heading: 358
speaker_heading: 359
speaker_heading: #34111 77
dialog: (x)
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN ~- TOWARD TRUCK 357
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Damn!
text: He glances into the rear-view mirror, chuckling.
speaker_heading: MANN'S VOICE
dialog: I can just hear that Cretin --
dialog: (mimicing)
dialog: 'You think you're gonna' get a
dialog: cop to save you, boy? No siree,
dialog: boy, you're gonna' die!’
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: No, not me, you miserable ape.
dialog: You!” You're going to die.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (finishing the
dialog: thought aloud)
dialog: You hear me?
text: He fight for control. Looking ahead, he regains a measure
dialog: of satisfaction.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ HILLS AHEAD 358
text: Closer now, a long grade in the distance.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: There it is.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN ~- TOWARD TRUCK 359
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: No matter how he tries, he can't
dialog: beat my speed on a grade like that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I cant
text: His smile is one of fierce elation. Camera moves in on his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Fill that bathtub to the top, man.
text: A drink in one hand, a cigar in the
dialog: other -- and re-lax.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: é
dialog: 
dialog: ac
speaker_heading: 359
dialog: 360
speaker_heading: 361
dialog: 362
speaker_heading: 363
speaker_heading: 364
dialog: 365
speaker_heading: 366
speaker_heading: #34111 78
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 359
text: Bis eyes refocus on the highway ahead and he reacts to what
dialog: e sees,
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - HIGHWAY AHEAD 360
text: Both lanes blocked. There is a ROAD REPAIRS sign and a huge
text: plack arrow pointing toward the alternate route -- a gravel
text: road angling to the right.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MANN'S RIGHT FOOT 361
text: starting to pump at the brake pedal. Camera moves up quickly
text: to his face as he throws a look at the rear-view mirror.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - REAR~VIEW MIRROR 362
text: The truck gaining on him.
dialog: '
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 363
text: His expression freezing as he starts to steer onto the side
dialog: road.
scene_heading: ANGLE OVER HIGHWAY BARRIER 364
text: Mann's car shooting by and onto the gravel road. Camera whip
text: pans to follow its movement as it starts along the rutted
text: surface, its rear end breaking toward the left, then straight-
text: ening out.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - UP ANGLE ON CAR . 365
text: as it jars along the road, tires battering at the ruts,
text: flying gravel pounding at the under-frame.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 36€
text: Elbows braced against his sides, trying to keep. the steering
text: wheel in position. The windows rattle noisily. His neck
text: snaps back and forth with painful jerks. His jolting body
text: surges against the binding of the safety harness, slams back
text: and down against the seat. His clenching teeth slip suddenly
text: and he ories out as his upper teeth gouge into his lower lip.
text: His face contorts as the right end of the car begins surging
text: to the right. He starts to jerk the steering wheel to the
text: left, then reacts as he realizes that he should be doing
dialog: just the opposite.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: ac
speaker_heading: 366
speaker_heading: 367
speaker_heading: 368
speaker_heading: 369
speaker_heading: 370
speaker_heading: 371
dialog: 372
speaker_heading: 373
speaker_heading: 374
speaker_heading: #34111 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 366
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: To the right!
text: He wrenches at the wheel.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT ~ CAR 367
text: Camera pulling ahead of the car as its right rear fender
text: eracks into a fence post, knocking it down.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD ROAD 368
text: He pumps at the brakes, struggling to regain control. The
text: car rear starts sliding to the left.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR 369
text: Its back end yawing sharply to the left, shooting out a spray
dialog: of gravel,
scene_heading: INT. CAR - CLOSE ON MANN 370
text: He wrenches at the steering wheel and the car begins to slip
text: toward the right again.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR 371
text: careening from side to side of the road, its left rear fender
text: knocking down a fence post before Mann finally gets it back
dialog: on course.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MANN 372
text: He coughs abruptly as he gags on dripping blood in his throat.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HIGHWAY 373
text: Mann's car regains the highway and picks up momentum, roaring
text: off. O.s., we hear the motor of the pursuing truck.
scene_heading: INT, CAR - CLOSE ON MANN 374
text: daring to look,at the rear-view mirror again.
dialog: ac
dialog: 3
dialog: 3
dialog: 15
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: 377
dialog: 3
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: 379
speaker_heading: 381
dialog: uy
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: #34211 80
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - REAR-VIEW MIRROR
text: The truck negotiating the road, rocking like a freighter on
text: a storm-tossed sea, huge tires scouring up gravel.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: He shoves in the accelerator pedal.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Now.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - HIGHWAY AHEAD
text: A steep grade about a hundred yards ahead.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK
text: He glances at the rear-view mirror, swallowing some blood
text: and coughing as he sees the truck and trailer back on the
text: highway. | He picks up the handkerchief and presses it'to his
text: bleeding lip, eyes fixed anxiously on the slope ahead.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD SLOPE
text: The car is almost to it.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Now!
scene_heading: Up ANGLE ON SLOPE
text: as Mann's ear shoots into frame and up the grade, moving away
text: from camera very fast. 0.s., we hear the motor of the ap-
text: proaching truck; then it roars into frame and starts up the
dialog: grade.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: The car increasing the distance between it and the truck and
text: trailer as they climb the grade.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE ON WINDSHIELD OF CAR - MANN
text: Looking into the rear-view mirror and making an exultant
text: (unheard) sound, his expression one of angry triumph. Camera
text: holds, then slowly, starts to pull back until the entire hood
text: of the car is in f.g. Camera stops and holds. After several
text: moments, steam begins to issue from beneath the hood, Camera
text: zooms in on Mann's Pace.
dialog: 375
speaker_heading: 376
speaker_heading: 377
speaker_heading: 378
speaker_heading: 379
dialog: 380
speaker_heading: 381
dialog: 382
dialog: 
dialog: ac
speaker_heading: 383
speaker_heading: 384
dialog: 385
speaker_heading: 386
speaker_heading: 387
speaker_heading: 389
speaker_heading: #34111 81
scene_heading: INT, CAR - CLOSE ON. MANN
text: staring at the hood with shock-widened eyes.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (feebly)
dialog: No.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - HOOD
text: The steam increasing.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: Gaze jerking to the dashboard.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ DASHBOARD
text: The small square on the dashboard still darkened.
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: He looks up the siope.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - SLOPE
text: Long and gradual with many curves.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MANN
text: A dazed look on his face.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: I'll never make it.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (as it hits him)
dialog: Oh, my god ---
text: Camera zooms in on his face until it fills the screen.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I'm going to die!
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: The car in f.g., steam inéreasing, now a smoking mist.
text: the distant b.g., the truck keeps coming.
speaker_heading: 283
speaker_heading: 384
dialog: 385
speaker_heading: 386
speaker_heading: 387
speaker_heading: 388
speaker_heading: 389
dialog: 390
dialog: In
dialog: ac
speaker_heading: 6 391
dialog: 392
speaker_heading: 393
speaker_heading: 394
dialog: ty,
dialog: 395
speaker_heading: 396
speaker_heading: 397
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #34111 82
scene_heading: INT, CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 391
text: His face set in a look of dread.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ HOOD 392
text: The steam increasing.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MANN'S EYES 393
text: as the memory tortures him.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT'S VOICE
dialog: Looks like you could use a new
text: radiator hose.
text: He gasps, gaze shifting to the dashboard.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ DASHBOARD 394
dialog: t
text: Camera zooms in on the square, now red, the word "HOT"
text: printed on it in black letters.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 395
text: The car moving slower, steam coming from beneath the hood.
text: The truck-and-trailer starts to gain on it.
scene_heading: INT, CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 396
text: Jerking at the transmission lever suddenly.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Put it in low!
text: He glances at the pear-view mirror, reacting as he sees the
text: truck getting closer. He looks at the highway ahead, forced
text: to shift around to see clearly.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - TOWARD HOOD 397
text: Steam obscuring the view.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 398
text: Camera moves in on his face as he begins to hear the 0.8.
text: throb of boiling water in the radiator.
dialog: ac
dialog: e 399
dialog: 400
speaker_heading: HOl
dialog: 402
speaker_heading: 403
dialog: hou
speaker_heading: 4O5
speaker_heading: #34111 83
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 399
text: The distance between them narrowing.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR 400
text: Camera pulling close ahead of it, the thumping of the
text: radiator water getting louder.
scene_heading: INT, CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HOOD 4Ol
text: The steam is starting to haze up the windshield. Reaching
text: out, Mann twists a dashboard knob and the wipers start
text: flicking back and forth in rapid, fan-shaped sweeps.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE — PAST MANN ~ TOWARD TRUCK 4oe
text: Camera moves.in quickly on his face as the car begins to
dialog: lureh and shudder,
dialog: {
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (nalf horrified,
dialog: haif angry)
dialog: No!
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE PAST CAR 4o3
text: as it labors up the grade, losing speed. In b.g., the truck
text: gets closer.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER hou
text: Mann stares at the slope ahead with haunted eyes. Yard by
text: yard, the car is slowing down.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Make it.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: (sotto voce;
dialog: pleading)
dialog: Make it. Make it.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER bos
text: The car running more and more unevenly.
dialog: 
dialog: ac
speaker_heading: 406
speaker_heading: 407
speaker_heading: 408
speaker_heading: 409
dialog: 410
speaker_heading: 411
dialog: 412
speaker_heading: #34111 84
scene_heading: INT, CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER 406
text: The thumping percolation cf the radiator water very loud now.
text: He stares at the slope ahead.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - SLOPE ~ 4O7
text: The car almost to the top. Steam obscures the view.
speaker_heading: BACK TO MANN 408
text: glancing at the rear-view mirror. Seeing that the truck is
text: closer yet, he presses down on the accelerator pedal and the
text: motor makes a grinding noise. Mann groans.
speaker_heading: MANN'S THOUGHT
dialog: Don't!
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD HOOD hog
speaker_heading: 1
text: Steam gushing from beneath the hood, The ridgé ahead can
dialog: just be made out.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Make it, make it.
dialog: (oeat)
dialog: Please, God, make it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE FROM RIDGE 410
text: at the approaching car, the truck and trailer behind it in
text: the distance. The car is shuddering and clanking, slowing
text: down. It gets closer, closer. Finally, it reaches f.g.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE ON MANN ~ TOWARD REAR OF CAR Bll
text: As it moves across the ridge and starts descending. Mann
text: shoves the transmission into neutral and lets the car go
text: into a glide, switches off the motor. His look of triumph
text: fades as he sees what lies ahead.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - VIEW AHEAD 412
text: The steam decreasing rapidly with the motor turned off.
text: There is nothing in sight but hills and more hills, The
text: ear rolls by a sign which reads: "TRUCKS USE LOW GEARS NEXT
dialog: 12 MILES."
dialog: ac
speaker_heading: 413
speaker_heading: 41k
dialog: 41s
speaker_heading: 416
speaker_heading: 417
speaker_heading: 418
speaker_heading: 419
speaker_heading: 434111 85
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR
text: He looks into the rear-view mirror, a little encouraged by
text: the fact that the truck has not appeared yet. He looks at
text: the speedometer.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ SPEEDOMETER
text: The car picking up speed slowly: 48, 49, 50 miles per hour.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Come on, come on.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAR
text: picking up speed as it rolls down the grade.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ CLOSE ON SPEEDOMETER
text: 52, 53, 54, 55 miles per hour. Camera up pans to Mann as
text: he glances at the rear-view mirror, Still no sign of the
text: truck. He swallows dryly, rubbing at his neck.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Come on, faster.
text: Several moments later, he looks up at the rear~view mirror
text: again, reacting as he sees the truck.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD REAR OF CAR
text: Camera zooms in on the top of the ridge, holding as the
text: truck comes over like some leviathan surfacing from a grey
dialog: sea.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE ON CAR
text: Camera pulling ahead and slightly to the left of it. After
text: awhile, moving camera pans enough to the right to retain
text: the car in shot as well as show the truck in the distance,
text: picking up speed as it begins descending the grade.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
speaker_heading: 413
dialog: ayy
speaker_heading: 416
dialog: i
dialog: a
dialog: m2
speaker_heading: 438
dialog: 4g
text: Mann looking at the rear-view mirror; down at the grade again,
text: breath quickening.
dialog: stn,
dialog: ac
dialog: 420
dialog: Hel
dialog: 422
speaker_heading: 423
dialog: yeu
dialog: Hes
speaker_heading: 426
speaker_heading: 427
speaker_heading: #34111 86
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT + CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: The truck beginning to close the distance between them.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: Mann glances at the rear-view mirror again, tightens. He
text: hesitates, then reaches for the ignition key, pulling back
text: his hand with a worried sound. He looks at the rear-view
text: mirror, then at the speedometer.
speaker_heading: MANN
dialog: Come gn!
text: Camera pans quickly to the speedometer. The car is barely
dialog: up to 60 miles an hour.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - CAR
text: at the far left side of the screen, rolling down the grade.
text: After awhile, the front edge of the truck begins to ease
text: into frame on the far right of the screen.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN -— TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: making a panicky sound as he looks into the rear-view mirror
text: to see the truck gaining. His gaze drops quickly and he re-
text: acts as he notices something ahead.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~- HIGHWAY AHEAD
text: A sedan speeding up the grade in the other lane.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD OPPOSITE LANE
text: He twists his head to the side as the other car speeds past.
text: The sight maddens him. He looks at the grade ahead, camera
text: drawing around until it is in front of him and we can see
text: the truck and trailer in b.g., closer yet. Mann reacts at
text: what he sees ahead.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - GRADE
text: Leveling off ahead for a hundred yards or so.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN ~ TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: Reaching out, he twists the ignition key, The motor makes
text: a grinding noise but doesn't start. Mann looks stunned.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 420
dialog: 422
speaker_heading: 423
dialog: yak
dialog: 425
speaker_heading: 426
speaker_heading: 4o7
dialog: g
dialog: ac
speaker_heading: 427
speaker_heading: 428
speaker_heading: 4ag
dialog: 430
dialog: 431
dialog: 432
speaker_heading: 433
dialog: 43h
dialog: 435
speaker_heading: #34111 87
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: He turns the key again and again with the same result. He
text: looks ahead, crushed by total panic now.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRATLER
text: Camera pulling straight ahead, angled down at them, The car
text: slows down on the level area , then starts down another slope,
text: the truck closing the gap between them more.
scene_heading: INT, CAR — ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: The truck close behind, the high-pitched wailing of its motor
text: becoming audible to him. Camera moves in slowly on his face;
text: that of a man whe knows he is about to die. Moments pass.
text: Then, suddenly, his eyes shift as he catches sight of some-
dialog: thing ahead.
text: POINT OF YIEW SHOT ~ GRADE AHEAD
text: Camera zooms in on an escape route for trucks.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER
dialog: Mann deliberates; decides,
scene_heading: ANGLE PROM ESCAPE ROUTE ~ TOWARD CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: approaching camera, coming closer and closer, Just before
text: the car reaches the escapé route, camera zooms in on it.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - CLOSE ON MANN
text: wrenching the steering wheel around, Immediately, the car
text: rear starts breaking to the left, tires shrieking on the
text: pavement, Mann steers with the skid, braking just enough
dialog: to keep from losing all control.
speaker_heading: MOVING SHOT — CAR
text: As it shoots onto the steep dirt trail at sixty miles an
text: hour, tires slinging up a cloud of dust.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE ON MANN - TOWARD DIRT BANK ON RIGHT OF CAR
text: He brakes and struggles with the steering wheel, teeth
dialog: clenched,
speaker_heading: 427
speaker_heading: 428
dialog: 42g
dialog: 430
dialog: 432
speaker_heading: 833
dialog: 43h
dialog: 435
dialog: te
dialog: 
dialog: 436
speaker_heading: 437
speaker_heading: 438
speaker_heading: 439
dialog: 440
dialog: Wal
speaker_heading: 4u2
dialog: bys
dialog: aay
speaker_heading: #34111 88
scene_heading: MGVING SHOT - REAR OF CAR
text: The wheels sideslip and the car slams against the dirt bank,
text: bounces off and starts to fishtail with violent, whipping
text: motions, angling toward the trail edge on the left.
scene_heading: INT, CAR - ANGLE ON MANN - TOWARD DIRT BANK
text: Braking as hard as he can. The car rear skids to the right
text: and slams against the bank again.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CAR
text: as Mann brakes it to a hait on the steep incline.
scene_heading: INT. CAR — ANGLE ON MANN - TOWARD FRONT OF CAR
text: His body surging against the harness, then being pulled back,
text: throwing the transmission lever to park position, he turns
text: toward the highway, reacts.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - THROUGH REAR WINDOW
text: The truck and trailer swerving off the highway, heading for
dialog: the escape route.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MANN
text: looking through the rear window. Paralyzed cy shock, he
text: seems to watch the approaching truck with almost detachment.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - THROUGH REAR WINDOW
text: Camera moves toward the massive truck coming at the car.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: as he waits to die.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - THROUGH REAR WINDOW
text: Camera moving toward the truck, a continuation of Shot #442.
text: The gargantuan shape comes closer.
speaker_heading: A36
speaker_heading: 437
speaker_heading: 439
dialog: kao
dialog: Hey
dialog: 44e
dialog: Aug
dialog: kal
dialog: ac
dialog: 44s
dialog: aay
dialog: hag
dialog: 450
speaker_heading: 451
speaker_heading: 4682
speaker_heading: #34111 89
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN 45
text: A last, wild thought occurring to him. Jerking around, he
text: puts the transmission into neutral and the car begins to
text: roll backward down the steep incline, Looking into the rear-
text: view mirrdr to help his steering, he twists the ignition key
text: repeatedly. The motor will not start, but the car keeps
text: picking up speed. Suddenly, the motor catches. He throws
text: the transmission into reverse and jams down on the accelerator
dialog: pedal.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - REAR VIEW MIRROR 446
text: The truck and trailer rushing up the incline toward Mann's
dialog: car.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MANN - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRALLER 447
text: Closing in rapidly on the car. From the look on Mann's face,
text: it seems as though he is about to sacrifice his life in
text: order to ram the truck. Then, with a shaking hand, he begins
dialog: to unfasten the safety harness. :
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANGLE PAST CAR - TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER aug
text: as they near each other, the truck driver beginning to brake
text: as he sees what Mann intends to do,
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANGLE PAST MANN — TOWARD TRUCK AND TRAILER bug
text: When the two vehicles are so close that collision is in-
text: evitable, Mann shoves open the door and bails out.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MANN . 450
text: as he rolls and bounces toward the edge of the trail, grab-
text: bing a bush to keep from going over. Scrabbling around
text: dizzily, he looks toward the truck and trailer.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 451
text: about to collide.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - CAR AND TRUCK AND TRAILER 452
text: The film going into slow motion, The gas tank of Mann's car
text: explodes as his car smashes into the front of the truck.
text: Flames obscure the driver's view and the truck begins to
text: yeer toward the edge, pushing Mann's car ahead of it.
speaker_heading: 453
dialog: a5y
speaker_heading: 455
speaker_heading: 456
speaker_heading: 466
dialog: #34111 99
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: Film still in slow motion as he watches,
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER AND CAR
text: Film still in slow motion. Reaching the trail edge, the
text: truck begins to tilt, tipping over like some ponderous
text: beast, shoving Mann's car off the trail.
speaker_heading: MANN
text: watching, film still in slow motion.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: Film still in slow motion, Its monstrous bulk begins to
dialog: overturn,
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: film still in slow motion as he stares at the toppling truck.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT ~ TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: Film still in slow motion as the tilting truck goes over the
text: edge, pulling the trailer with it.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MANN
text: The film returning to normal speed. ©.8., we hear the
text: horrendous noise of the truck going down the slope. He
text: turns to watch it.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - TRUCK AND TRAILER
text: sliding, capsized, down the hill toward a canyon below,
text: huge wheels spinning free. Mann's car, in flames, has
text: already hit the canyon floor.
scene_heading: UP ANGLE ON MANN
text: The first explosion takes place below frame, the violence
text: of its detonation causing Mann to roll clumsily onto the
text: trail, A second explosion roars below frame, its hot wave
text: buffeting across him, His glazed eyes start to look upward.
speaker_heading: 453
dialog: ask
speaker_heading: 455
speaker_heading: 456
speaker_heading: 457
speaker_heading: 458
speaker_heading: 459
dialog: 460
dialog: ac
dialog: 462
speaker_heading: 465
speaker_heading: #34111 91
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - COLUMN OF FIRE
text: Shooting toward the sky, followed by another.
scene_heading: “ ANGLE FROM TRAIL EDGE
text: Mann crawls slowly to the edge and peers down at the canyon.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW SHOT - CANYON
text: Enormous gusts of flame towering upward from it, topped by
text: thick black, oily smoke. The truck and trailer cannot be
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MANN
text: as he looks down at the burning truck and trailer, all
text: feeling drained from him. Camera moves in siowly on his
text: Face as emotion manifests itself; not dread, not regret,
text: not sickened withdrawal. As his face fills the screen,
text: we see, instead, an expression of primevel victory clutch-
text: ing at his features -- the look of some ancestral brute
text: regarding the body of his vanquished foe. And from deep
text: in his throat comes a recidivistic blood cry. It is on this
text: look and this sound’ thatthé picture freezes and the camera
text: holds. Final titles move across the screen.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 462
speaker_heading: 463
speaker_heading: 465
dialog: (X)
dialog: 
