speaker_heading: DUNE
speaker_heading: SEVENTH DRAFT
speaker_heading: DAVID LYNCH
dialog: December 9, 1983
dialog: --
scene_heading: 1. ARRAKIS - A SCENE FROM SPACE
dialog: Also known as DUNE, home of the Fremen, former
dialog: Zenzunni wanderers.
scene_heading: 1A. INT. ROCK LEDGE - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: FADE IN to the dark eyes of the mysterious face of
text: the REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO, who sits against smooth
text: black rock. Her eyes are deep blue-within-blue and
text: her skin is a haunting translucent white. Her voice
text: ECHOES as if in a great cavern.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO
dialog: We are the secret of the Universe.
scene_heading: RESPONSE OF TWENTY THOUSAND VOICES
dialog: Bi-la kaifa.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO
dialog: We are the secret of the Universe. We know
dialog: of spice...the spice called melange...the
dialog: greatest treasure in the Universe. It
dialog: exists on only one planet - ours Arrakis,
dialog: Dune. We know of spice and the Bene
dialog: Gesserit sisterhood's selective breeding
dialog: plan of ninety generations to produce the
dialog: Kwisatz Haderach, the one the spice will
text: awaken.
scene_heading: RESPONSE OF TWENTY THOUSAND VOICES
dialog: Bi-la kaifa.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO
dialog: And now the prophecy...
text: Silence...then a powerful low organ NOTE resounding
text: in the cavernous space.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO (CONT'D)
dialog: He will come...the voice from the outer
dialog: world, bringing the holy war, the Jihad,
dialog: which will cleanse the Universe and bring
dialog: us out of darkness. He will have been born
dialog: of a Bene Gesserit mother.
dialog: --
text: The Reverend Mother continues speaking of the
text: Prophecy, but we do not hear it. The huge wind organ
text: BLOWS louder and louder, obscuring her voice.
text: The picture FADES.
scene_heading: 1B. KAITAIN - A SCENE FROM SPACE
text: Home planet of House Corrino and Shadam IV, Emperor
dialog: of the known universe.
scene_heading: 2. INT. DROP - NIGHT
speaker_heading: FADE IN to:
text: ...interior of one drop of water. The image changes
text: subtly.
scene_heading: 2A. EXT. - DROP - NIGHT
text: PULL BACK to a shot revealing the outside of the
text: drop. There is a distant ROARING and within the drop
text: we can see the distorted image of a space ship
text: landing on a sophisticated landing field.
dialog: 3. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 3A. EXT. LANDING FIELD - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
text: On the dark landing field, chemicals spill out of
text: the ship in troughs and tank-suited Guildsmen begin
text: to swarm out of a hatch opening.
dialog: 4. through 6. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 7. INT. THRONE ROOM - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
text: The EMPEROR is surrounded by crowds of COURTIERS in
dialog: his Throne Room.
text: Suddenly a GUARD enters from a small door and
text: quickly crosses to ANOTHER GUARD. A warning SOUND
text: begins. The Emperor turns nervously. Guards quickly
text: begin to clear the large room. Several women are
text: rushed toward us to a door beyond. One of the woman,
text: IRULAN, stops and turns back for a worried, caring
dialog: look to her father, the Emperor.
speaker_heading: IRULAN
dialog: Father.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Irulan.
text: She sees that SARDAUKAR OFFICERS are surrounding him
text: now, speaking to him. Irulan turns and leaves. The
text: Emperor moves away from his officers to the center
text: of the now-empty room. He drops his golden robe from
text: his shoulders. He stands in his elegant black
text: uniform, thinking.
text: The Reverend Mother is ushered in and the Sardaukar
text: Officers leave her alone with the Emperor.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: A Third Stage Guild Navigator will be here
dialog: within minutes!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: We felt his presence.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: I shall want telepathy during his visit
dialog: and a report when we're finished.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
text: Their minds are so.... They move in
dialog: strange directions....
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Forced spice evolution of humans changes
dialog: many things.... I must sit close to him.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: He will not permit anyone but me to see
dialog: him. You must be outside this room.... Do
dialog: what you can.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I am your Truthsayer, my lord...
dialog: (sensing something outside the room)
dialog: He is here, my lord.
text: Under the carved inscription "Law is the Ultimate
dialog: Science", the doors to the Emperor's chambers slide
text: open and FIFTY GUILDSMEN wheel in a forty-foot long
text: giant black box. One of the Guildsmen addresses the
text: Emperor through a translating device.
scene_heading: TANKED GUILDSMEN #1
text: The Bene Gesserit witch must leave.
dialog: --
text: The Emperor looks to the Reverend Mother.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Leave us.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Yes, my Lord.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: (after she has gone)
dialog: We are alone...
scene_heading: 8. INT. HALLWAY - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
text: The Reverend Mother enters through doors and takes a
text: seat on a chair just outside the door. She closes
text: her eyes.
scene_heading: 9. INT. THRONE ROOM - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
text: Inside the Emperor's chamber, the TANK-SUITED
text: GUILDSMEN are arranging themselves in a "V"
text: formation around the box. Suddenly the box opens,
text: slowly and beautifully revealing a huge, thick glass
text: tank. Inside the tank floats a THIRD STAGE NAVIGATOR
text: twenty feet long, much like a cross between a pasty,
text: pale human being and a fleshy grasshopper.
text: The tank is filled with swirling orange spice-gas,
text: and Guildsmen continuously vacuum up the toxic
text: chemical spills dripping from under the tank.
text: Suddenly the Guild Navigator swims towards the
text: Emperor. His head is enormous and fleshy, like a
text: huge grasshopper head -- the eyes are totally deep
text: blue. His voice is a high, fleshy whispering and an
text: intricate electrical apparatus in the front of the
text: tank translates into English and broadcasts it into
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: We have just folded space from Ix...
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: (extremely nervous)
dialog: Yes?... How was your journey?
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: (after a long pause)
text: Many machines on Ix... new machines.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Oh yes?
dialog: --
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: Better than those on Richesse.. You are
dialog: transparent... I see many things... I see
dialog: plans within plans.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Is there a problem?... Usually there is a
dialog: problem when one of you makes a visit.
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: (finally)
dialog: The answer is within the problem...
scene_heading: 10. INT. HALLWAY - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
text: Outside the Emperor's chamber the Reverend Mother
text: sits, her eyes closed, straining.
scene_heading: 11. INT. THRONE ROOM - EMPEROR'S PALACE - REVEREND
scene_heading: MOTHER'S MENTAL IMAGE - NIGHT
text: A very blurred scene of the Emperor with the Guild
dialog: Navigator. She is not getting the English version
dialog: but a much different language version which is
text: fascinating to listen to. A lilting, sing-song
dialog: monologue.
scene_heading: 12. INT. THRONE ROOM - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: I see two Great Houses -- House Atreides,
dialog: House Harkonnen -- feuding... I see you
text: behind it.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Yes.
text: The Navigator breathes the spice-gas heavily and
text: swishes gently in his tank.
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: You must share with us.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
text: The Atreides house is building a secret
dialog: army!... using a technique unknown to
dialog: us... a technique involving sound. The
text: Duke is becoming more popular in the
dialog: Landsraad... he could threaten me.... I
dialog: have ordered House Atreides to occupy
dialog: Arrakis to mine the spice... thus
dialog: replacing their enemies the Harkonnens....
dialog: House Atreides will not refuse because of
dialog: the tremendous power they think they will
dialog: gain. Then, at an appointed time Baron
text: Harkonnen will return to Arrakis and
text: launch a sneak attack on House Atreides...
dialog: I have promised the Baron five legions of
dialog: my Sardaukar terror troops.
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: So the Harkonnens will rid you of House
dialog: Atreides...
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: 13. INT. HALLWAY - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
text: Outside, the Reverend Mother is seeing the scene
text: mentally. She suddenly sees and flinches.
scene_heading: 14. INT. THRONE ROOM - EMPEROR'S PALACE - REVEREND
scene_heading: MOTHER'S MENTAL IMAGE - NIGHT
text: The Guild Navigator turns toward her and comes very
text: close to her. We hear the Navigator speak to her.
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: (to Reverend Mother, mentally)
dialog: Reverend Mother... I will give you the
dialog: Tleilaxu Path.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (V.O.)
dialog: (an excited whisper)
dialog: A chance for escape? But for whom?
scene_heading: 15. INT. THRONE ROOM - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Can you hear me?... If this visit has
dialog: anything to do with spice...
dialog: --
text: The Guild Navigator shudders and swishes quite
text: violently in his tank.
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: LISTEN TO ME!! The spice must flow... the
dialog: spice has given me accelerated evolution
dialog: for four thousand years... it has enabled
dialog: you to live two hundred years... the spice
dialog: helps make the sapho juice, which gives
dialog: the red-lipped mentats the ability to be
dialog: living computers... the secret side of
dialog: spice... the water of life.
scene_heading: 16. INT. HALLWAY - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (V.O.)
dialog: He shouldn't speak of this...
dialog: 15. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: ...gives the Bene Gesserit sisterhood the
dialog: metaphysical ability to see beyond...to
dialog: have superior powers... Our power to fold
dialog: space is in the spice... Without us, your
dialog: empire would be lost on isolated scattered
dialog: planets... You would be lost.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: I can assure you...
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: Do not interrupt!!! Do not speak lightly
text: of the spice... ONE SMALL POINT...
text: 16. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (V.O.)
dialog: Here it comes...
scene_heading: 17. INT. THRONE ROOM - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: We ourselves... foresee a slight problem
dialog: within House Atreides.... Paul.... Paul
dialog: Atreides.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: You mean, of course, Duke Leto Atreides...
dialog: his father.
dialog: --
dialog: Page missing
dialog: --
scene_heading: 24. EXT. CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: High on the rock cliff stands Castle Caladan, Its
text: appearance us dark and medieval. There is a window
text: on the seaward wall lit from within...
scene_heading: 25. INT. TRAINING ROOM - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: ...by a drifting glowglobe. Paul sits at an L-shaped
dialog: table studying filmbooks and maps of Arrakis and the
dialog: Universe.
scene_heading: 25A. INSERT - FILMBOOK
dialog: We SEE vast star fields and galaxies.
scene_heading: 25. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Here we are now... nineteen light years
dialog: beyond...
scene_heading: 25A. INSERT - FILMBOOK
text: We SEE the galaxies move as we HEAR a HUM.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: ... beyond Epsilon Alangue... is Arrakis.
text: We HOLD on this, then we see Arrakis grow larger in
dialog: the filmbook screen and we SEE it is a planet of
text: vast deserts.
scene_heading: 25. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (whispering again)
dialog: It does look dry....
scene_heading: 25A. INSERT - FILMBOOK
text: The picture grows larger again, and we see the
dialog: Arrakeen Valley.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: FILMBOOK (V.O.)
text: Each day the palms along the outer wall of
dialog: the Palace at Arrakeen consume enough
dialog: water to sustain the lives of one hundred
dialog: men. The palms were placed by the
dialog: Harkonnens to flaunt their water wealth in
text: front of the city Fremen.
scene_heading: 25. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where are the Harkonnens from here?
scene_heading: 25A. INSERT - FILMBOOK
text: The star fields and galaxies move slightly then.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: There!... Geidi Prime and the Baron
dialog: Harkonnen... the enemy.
scene_heading: 25. BACK TO SCENE
text: In the background, FOOTSTEPS grow louder, pounding
text: on thick wooden floors. THUFIR HAWAT, GURNEY HALLECK
text: and DR. YUEH enter. Paul has his back to the door.
text: Thufir suddenly looks perturbed when he notices
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: I know, Thufir, I'm sitting with my back
text: to the door.
text: Hawat suppresses a smile.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: I heard you, Dr. Yueh and Gurney coming
text: down the hall.
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: Those sounds could be imitated.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'd know the difference.
text: Paul rises and turns to face them.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Yes. Perhaps he would at that.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: My father sent you to test me. Music then?
text: Thufir scowls.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: No music. I'm packing this for the
dialog: crossing. Shield practice.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Shield practice? Gurney... we had practice
dialog: -- this morning..... I'm not in the mood.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (angered)
dialog: Not in the mood?! Mood's a thing for
text: cattle and love play... not fighting.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm sorry Gurney.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: Not sorry enough.
text: Gurney draws his knife.
scene_heading: 25B. SHIELD EFFECT - THE FIGHT
text: Gurney activates his body shield, sending a
text: shimmering FORCE FIELD around his body. He advances
text: swiftly toward Paul. Paul snaps on his FORCE FIELD,
text: draws his knife and jumps back, collecting himself
text: hurriedly for the fight.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
text: (his voice sounding strange through
dialog: the forcefield)
dialog: Guard yourself for true!
text: Gurney leaps high, then forward, pressing a furious
text: attack. Paul falls back. The shield edges CRACK
text: loudly as they touch each other.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: What's gotten into Gurney? He's not
dialog: faking.
text: Paul presses forward and the fight moves quickly
text: around the room. The smell of ozone grows stronger
text: as the shields hit and SPARK off one another. Paul
text: directs a parry downwards, turns, and leads Gurney
text: against the table, plunging at just the right moment
text: to pin Gurney against the table top with his blade
text: right at Gurney's neck.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (strange shielded voice)
dialog: Is this what you seek?
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (strange shielded voice)
text: Good... the slow blade penetrates the
dialog: shield... but look down.
text: Paul looks and sees Gurney's blade at his groin.
speaker_heading: GURNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: We'd have joined each other in death.
dialog: However, you did seem to finally get the
dialog: "mood".
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Would you really have drawn my blood?
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: If you'd fought one whit below your
dialog: abilities I'd have scratched you a good
dialog: one.
text: Paul stands and snaps off his shield as does Gurney.
scene_heading: 25. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Things have been so serious here lately.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: Yes. I sensed the play in you lad, but
dialog: this can no longer be play. Tomorrow we
dialog: leave for Arrakis! Arrakis is real. The
dialog: Harkonnens are real.
text: Thufir, Yueh, Gurney and Paul stare at each other
text: for a moment in silence. Dr. Yueh moves forward and
text: begins to take Paul's pulse rate and to collect
text: other data with a small black machine.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dr. Yueh, do you have any information on
dialog: the worms of Arrakis?
dialog: --
speaker_heading: DR. YUEH
dialog: I have obtained a filmbook on a small
dialog: specimen... only 125 meters long.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Only?!
text: They smile at each other.
speaker_heading: DR. YUEH
dialog: There are have been documented sightings
dialog: of worms as large as 450 meters in the
dialog: deep desert -- far from where we'll be in
dialog: Arakeen.... The desert belt and the south
dialog: polar regions are marked forbidden....
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The storms and the worms. Is it true, that
dialog: the sand can blow at seven hundred
dialog: kilometers per hour?
speaker_heading: YUEH
text: It can render flesh to dust in minutes.
dialog: And these dry winds can generate
text: tremendous static electricity in the
dialog: atmosphere. Our body shields won't have
dialog: enough power to operate in the open air on
dialog: Arrakis.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, how do the Fremen survive there?
speaker_heading: YUEH
dialog: We don't know much about the Fremen...
dialog: They live in the deep desert... some of
dialog: them in the cities and they have blue-
text: within-blue eyes...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: The eyes -- yes, yes... saturation of the
dialog: blood by the spice -- melange. Could the
dialog: spice affect us in other ways?
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: Many dangers exist on Arrakis. For one, we
dialog: know the Harkonnens would not have given
dialog: up their CHOAM company contract so easily.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (rising)
dialog: The Harkonnens are our enemies, yes... but
dialog: behind them, I suspect, is the Emperor.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: You will make a formidable Duke!
text: Paul bows.
speaker_heading: THUFIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Now remember... the first step in avoiding
text: a trap is knowing of its existence.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know. But if it is a trap then why are
dialog: we going?
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: We have our new army.
dialog: (in the same breath)
text: Dr. Yueh, put the weirding module on him.
text: Thufir, noticing a SQUAD OF GUARDS at the other end
text: of the training room, calls out to them.
speaker_heading: THUFIR (CONT'D)
text: Clear and lock the room.
text: Gurney activates a series of locks. LIGHTS GLOWS
text: above each doorway.
speaker_heading: THUFIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Activate a fighter.
scene_heading: 25C. ROBOT FIGHT
text: Suddenly a FIGHTER ROBOT lowers from the ceiling.
text: As the robot begins to rotate and go through several
text: frightening, complicated movements, Dr. Yueh places
text: a plastic device around Paul's neck. He tightens it
text: around the Adam's apple above Paul's voice box.
text: Paul turns and emits a very strange, powerful sound
text: through the weirding module as he rushes towards the
dialog: robot.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (to Yueh)
dialog: Precise control....
scene_heading: 26. INT. HALLWAY - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: The hallway is empty in the foreground but in the
text: distance a changing of the guard is seen.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 26A. through 26B. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 27. INT. HALLWAY - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: Paul walks down the stairway. In the distance,
text: moving troops are packing Atreides belongings.
text: Beyond, Paul sees some troops carrying a large
text: bull's head. The horns are covered with dried
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The bull that killed my grandfather... is
dialog: this an evil omen?
text: Suddenly, DUNCAN IDAHO appears from behind the giant
text: black head.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Duncan!
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Paul.
dialog: (they shake hands)
dialog: I was on my way to say goodbye to you. I
dialog: have to go on ahead.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why? I wish you were coming with us.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: It's something for your father. He wants
dialog: to talk to you.
dialog: (places hand on Paul's chest)
dialog: I'll see you in Arrakis. May the hand of
dialog: God be with you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: May the hand of God be with us all,
dialog: Duncan.
scene_heading: 28. EXT. CLIFF WALL - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: Paul walks to meet his father near the wall.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (diffident)
dialog: Father.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: Thank you for joining me, Paul.
dialog: (voice tired)
dialog: It will be good to get to our new home and
dialog: have all this upset behind us.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: 28A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 28B. DUKE LETO AND PAUL AGAINST SEA
text: They look out over the sea. A huge wave crashes
dialog: below.
text: The Duke turns to Paul.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO (CONT'D)
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: My son.
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Thufir Hawat has served House Atreides
dialog: three generations.... He swears you are
dialog: the finest student he's ever taught.
dialog: Yueh, Gurney and Duncan say the same....
dialog: It makes me feel very proud...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I want you to be proud of me.
text: Paul smiles up at his father. The WIND blows the
text: Duke's hair and behind him stands the castle and the
text: green and black Atreides banner against the night
text: sky beyond. The RAIN starts again -- lightly. Paul
text: takes a closer look at the Atreides banner moving in
dialog: the wind.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (studying the dark sea below)
dialog: I'll miss the sea... but a person needs
dialog: new experiences... they jar something deep
text: inside, allowing him to grow. Without
dialog: change, something sleeps inside us... and
text: seldom awakens... The sleeper must awaken.
text: Paul's attention goes to his father's hand where he
text: sees the Duke's signet ring. Again he smiles at his
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
dialog: 29. through 29A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 30. INT. PAUL'S ROOM - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: Paul is sweating during his sleep and WHISPERS as if
text: struggling with some disturbing thought.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Arrakis... Dune... Desert
dialog: Planet...Arrakis... Desert Planet...
text: moving... moving.
scene_heading: 31. DARK WATER - MENTAL IMAGE
text: We see Paul's dream. It is very dark.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
text: Arrakis... Dune... Desert Planet.
text: Suddenly a drop falls into the black, and white hot
text: widening rings appear on the dark water's surface.
text: Darkness again. Two moons rise in the darkness. As
dialog: the second appears:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: The second moon, your moon...
scene_heading: 31A. INT. RESERVOIR - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: Dark again. A figure turns toward Paul. It is a
text: BEAUTIFUL GIRL in deep shadow. She speaks.
speaker_heading: BEAUTIFUL GIRL
dialog: Tell me of your homeworld, Usul.
scene_heading: 32. INT. PAUL'S ROOM - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: CU Paul's face in fitful sleep.
scene_heading: 33. EXT. COURTYARD - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: In a small stone courtyard, the back-lit figure of a
text: woman moves towards us through the heavy RAIN and
text: darkness. As she nears us, the large, protective
text: glowglobe overtakes her and in an instant we see a
dialog: beautiful woman -- JESSICA.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I know she has come to test him... no man
dialog: has ever been tested with the box... only
dialog: Bene Gesserit women. I may lose my son.
text: The doors open, she meets the Reverend Mother Gaius
text: Helen Mohiam (the Emperor's truthsayer) and takes
text: her back toward the Castle. The rain rushes loudly
text: into the storm drains.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 34. INT. PAUL'S ROOM - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (whispering again)
dialog: Arrakis... Dune... Desert planet...
text: moving... moving.
text: CU Paul's face.
text: Paul's eyes snap open. He hears footsteps outside
text: his door. As the door opens he closes his eyes,
text: however, and he pretends to be asleep. Jessica and
text: the Reverend Mother enter and stand in the doorway
text: looking at him.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: We'll salvage what we can... but I can
dialog: tell you.. dear God... for the father...
dialog: nothing.
text: Jessica turns to the Reverend Mother, stunned! She
text: turns back to look at Paul. Her hands tremble.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you really think that you could bear
dialog: the Kwisatz Haderach?... How dare you!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: My greatest student... and my greatest
dialog: disappointment.... He's awake!... He's
dialog: listening to us.
dialog: (considering)
dialog: Good... Ready yourself, young Paul
dialog: Atreides... I want to see you in your
dialog: mother's chamber in one quarter of an
dialog: hour.
text: She turns and walks away. Jessica remains at the
text: door and calls out to Paul in the darkness.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Paul?... This is very important...
text: Jessica leaves, closing the door behind her. Paul
text: sits up in bed.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Kwisatz Haderach?... For the father...
dialog: nothing?
scene_heading: 35. INT. JESSICA'S CHAMBER - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: Jessica and the Reverend Mother enter. It is quite
text: dark. Jessica WHISPERS a code number and a glowglobe
text: LIGHTS on a very dim setting.
dialog: --
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Jessica... You were told to bear only
dialog: daughters to the Atreides... Jessica!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: It meant so much to him...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: You thought only of a Duke's desire for a
dialog: son?... Desires don't figure in this! An
dialog: Atreides daughter could have been wed to a
dialog: Harkonnen heir and sealed the breach. We
dialog: may lose both blood lines now.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I vowed never to regret my decision. I'll
dialog: pay for my own mistakes.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: And your son will pay with you.
scene_heading: 42. INT. DUKE LETO'S QUARTERS - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: Under a dim glowglobe, the DUKE is writing a note on
text: a scroll-like piece of paper.
text: Finishing reading, the Duke seals the message in a
text: cylinder and presses his signet ring, with a red
text: hawk symbol of House of Atreides, into a hole, which
text: seals the cylinder with a swift HISSING.
text: He pauses, studying the metal tube. With a VOICE
text: COMMAND, he extinguishes the glowglobe above him. He
text: leans back in his chair as lightning flashes outside
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 35. BACK TO SCENE
text: Paul enters the room and Jessica closes the door
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Paul, this is the Reverend Mother Gaius
dialog: Helen Mohiam. She is going to... observe
dialog: you...
dialog: (to Reverend Mother)
dialog: Please...
dialog: --
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Jessica, you know it must be done. I
dialog: enjoin you to stand guard at the door and
dialog: practice the meditation of peace.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Your Reverence.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: What does she fear?
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: What about my Father?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Paul... please, Paul... listen to the
dialog: Reverend Mother and do what she tells you.
text: Jessica leaves the room. The Reverend Mother speaks
dialog: to Paul using The Voice, a Bene Gesserit training
dialog: which permits an adept to control others merely by
text: selected tone shadings of the voice. It sounds as if
text: two people are talking -- one normal and the other
text: gutteral and slightly electronic. The effect is
text: strange, yet subtle.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (using The Voice)
dialog: Now you come here.
text: Paul finds he cannot help but obey her, yet he
text: fights her controlling him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
text: She's using The Voice.
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: No.
text: She sees him struggling.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Some strength there. Surprising!
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Come here.
text: The Reverend Mother holds up a green metal cube.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: See this... Put your right hand in the
dialog: box.
text: Paul stares at the hole in the box.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What's in the box?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Pain.
text: Just then, she raises one hand to his neck. Paul
text: sees a glint of metal. He tries to back away.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (The Voice)
dialog: STOP! Put your hand in the box.
text: Paul's hand goes in. Fear passes over his face.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
text: The Voice again.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I hold at your neck the gom jabbar. Don't
dialog: pull away or you'll feel that poison. A
dialog: Duke's son must know about many poisons --
dialog: this one kills only animals.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Are you suggesting a Duke's son is an
dialog: animal?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Let us say I suggest you may be human.
dialog: Your awareness may be powerful enough to
dialog: control your instincts. Your instincts
dialog: will be to remove your hand from the box.
dialog: If you do so you will die. You will feel
dialog: an itching -- there... see? Now the
text: itching becomes burning... heat, upon
dialog: heat, upon heat.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (whispering)
text: It burns.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
scene_heading: SILENCE... SILENCE.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)(struggling to compose
dialog: himself)
dialog: I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer.
dialog: Fear is the little death that brings total
dialog: obliteration. I will face my fear... I
dialog: will permit it to pass over me and through
dialog: me.
dialog: --
text: The Reverend Mother moves her face up to his. Her
text: ancient face with its metal teeth gleaming inches
text: away breathes hotly. She is smiling.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: You feel the flesh crisping?
scene_heading: 36. THE HAND - PAUL'S MENTAL IMAGE
text: Paul's inner mind sees his hand on fire with all
text: sorts of sores. The skin is bubbling.
scene_heading: 37. INT. JESSICA'S CHAMBER - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
text: Flesh dropping off.
scene_heading: 38. THE HAND - PAUL'S MENTAL IMAGE
text: He pictures this. The destruction of his hand is
text: complete -- now only blood spurts out and burns.
scene_heading: 39. INT. JESSICA'S CHAMBER - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: Paul's face registers extreme pain.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (cannot help the explosion)
dialog: THE PAIN!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: NO!! ENOUGH!! Kull wahad! No woman child
dialog: ever withstood that much. I must have
dialog: wanted you to fail. Take your hand out of
dialog: the box and look at it, young human.... Do
dialog: it!
text: Paul pulls his hand out of the box. No sign of
text: anything wrong. He turns his hand, flexes his
text: fingers. He looks to the Reverend Mother.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: Pain by nerve induction... A human can
dialog: resist any pain. Our test is crisis and
dialog: observation.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I see the truth of it.
dialog: --
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Could he be the one?... Maybe... but will
dialog: he be ours to control?
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: You know when people speak the truth?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know it.
text: Suddenly the Reverend Mother holds her hand against
text: Paul's head. She closes her eyes.
scene_heading: 40. INT. RESERVOIR - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT - REVEREND
scene_heading: MOTHER'S MENTAL IMAGE
text: She sees a blurred image of Paul's earlier dream.
text: She sees the beautiful girl turn. She hears a
dialog: muffled voice say "Tell me of your homeworld, Usul".
scene_heading: 41. INT. JESSICA'S CHAMBER - CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Your mother wants you to tell me about
dialog: your dreams. I only want to know one
dialog: thing.... Do they come true?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not all of them... I know which ones will.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Perhaps you are the Kwisatz Haderach.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What is it?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (profoundly)
dialog: The person who can be many places at
dialog: once... the one who bridges space and
dialog: time.... He will look where we cannot.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Do you know of the Water of Life?... the
dialog: Truthsayer drug?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I have heard of it.
dialog: --
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: It is very dangerous... very painful. The
dialog: Bene Gesserit sisterhood drink it to see
dialog: within.... There is a place terrifying to
dialog: us... to women. It is said a man will
dialog: come... the Kwisatz Haderach... he will go
dialog: where we cannot... Many men have tried...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did they try and fail?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: They tried and died....
dialog: (she calls out loudly)
dialog: Jessica!
text: Jessica enters immediately and sees with great
dialog: relief that Paul is still active.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I sense your teachings in him. Ignore the
dialog: regular order of training. His safety
dialog: requires The Voice.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I've heard enough of my safety... What
dialog: about my father?... I heard you talking.
dialog: You speak as if he was dead. Well, he
dialog: isn't!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Paul!
text: She tries to hold him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well he isn't... and he won't die... Tell
dialog: me he won't die!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: What can be done has been done.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: MOTHER! Tell me!
text: The Reverend Mother covers herself and moves quickly
text: to the door.
dialog: --
dialog: 42A. Through 45. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 46. EXT. GEIDI PRIME - DAY
scene_heading: HOME PLANET OF HOUSE HARKONNEN - As seen from space,
text: the black planet as we saw it in Paul's filmbook.
scene_heading: 47. EXT. GEIDI PRIME - DAY
text: The surface of the planet is a vast sea of black
text: oil. A small cable car traverses high above the sea
text: toward a gigantic black city in the shape of a
text: rectangular box over 100 stories high. Before the
text: city there are rows of huge black towering steel
text: heads atop massive furnaces. SMOKE billows out of
dialog: their mouths.
scene_heading: 48. INT. CABLE CAR - GIEDI PRIME - DAY
text: Inside the cable car stands PITER. In one hand he
text: holds the cylinder with DUKE Leto's ring imprint.
speaker_heading: PITER
dialog: It is by will alone I set my mind in
dialog: motion.
text: It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts
dialog: acquire speed -
dialog: The lips acquire stains -
text: The stains become a warning -
dialog: It is by will alone I set my mind in
dialog: motion.
scene_heading: 48A. INT. GREEN PORCELAIN ROOM - GEIDI PRIME
text: Somewhere in the interior of Geidi Prime, we are in
text: a green porcelain room. Two large Harkonnen
text: soldiers, using large hoses, are washing down the
text: walls and floors of the room. WE MOVE DOWN into the
text: water rushing along the floor towards troughs.
text: Closer, WE SEE bits of flesh, hair, and blood.
scene_heading: 49. EXT. GEIDI PRIME - DAY
text: The car zooms past gigantic faces, and the furnaces
text: far below ROAR with tremendous power. The city now
text: looms gigantic and overpowering -- millions of
text: electrical cables stretch off the top into dark
text: energy taps above the city.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 50. INT. GEIDI PRIME - DAY
text: Inside the city the cable car passes into a huge
text: inner chamber filled with open-topped lime green
text: porcelain rooms with tremendous electrical lines
text: criss-crossing above.
dialog: 51. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 52. INT. BARON'S ROOM - GEIDI PRIME - DAY
text: In front of a huge steam boiler, the cable car stops
text: and Piter gets out, steps down steel stairs and
text: enters a porcelain room where the Baron is being
text: treated by a DOCTOR for sores on his face and body.
text: The doctor uses a lasbeam on a big sore on the
text: Baron's lips. The Baron is sickly and hugely fat and
text: sweaty and looks like he has been sickly for some
text: time. He turns to Piter as he enters the room.
speaker_heading: PITER
dialog: My Lord!
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: Piter.
text: Piter moves up to the Baron.
speaker_heading: PITER
dialog: The Atreides will be leaving Caladan soon,
dialog: Baron, and I have here your answer from
dialog: Duke Leto.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: What does Leto say, Piter?
speaker_heading: PITER
dialog: He wishes to inform you that Vendetta --
text: as he puts it, using the ancient tongue,
text: the art of Kanly -- is still alive. He
dialog: does not wish to meet or speak with you.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: (swallowing; angry)
dialog: I made my peace gesture... the forms of
dialog: Kanly have been obeyed.
text: He throws down the cylinder.
speaker_heading: PITER
dialog: As you instructed me, I have enlightened
dialog: your nephews concerning my plan t...
dialog: --
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: My plan!
speaker_heading: PITER
text: The plan to crush the Atreides. Feyd,
dialog: Rabban... go quietly... no other great
dialog: house of the Landsraad must ever know of
text: the Emperor's aid to the Baron. The
dialog: entire Landsraad would turn against the
dialog: Baron and the Emperor.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Put the pick in there Pete
dialog: And turn it round real neat.
text: His assistant does so.
text: Rabban breaks open a squood (living food). The
text: squood makes a tiny SCREAM, then Rabban drinks the
text: blood and bodily fluids. He throws the empty
text: container of tiny animal meat into the dark water
text: trough running through the center of the room.
text: Across the room, TWO HARKONNEN SOLDIERS enter,
text: holding big guns on a BOY who is wearing white
text: pants. The Baron smiles when he sees the boy, who
text: is deeply afraid. The guards force the boy to
text: arrange violet flowers on a stand by the far wall
text: opposite the Baron.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: (as the Baron watches the boy)
dialog: You're so beautiful my Baron
dialog: Your skin, love to me
dialog: Your diseases lovingly cared for
dialog: For all eternity.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: I will have Arrakis back for myself... he
dialog: who controls the Spice, controls the
dialog: universe... and what Piter didn't tell you
dialog: is we have control of someone who is very
dialog: close to Duke Leto. This person... this
dialog: traitor... will be worth more to us than
text: ten legions of Sardaukar.
speaker_heading: FEYD
dialog: Who is the traitor?
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I won't tell you who the traitor is or
dialog: when we'll attack. However, the Duke will
dialog: die before these eyes and he'll know that
dialog: it is I -- Baron Vladimir Harkonnen -- who
text: encompasses his doom.
dialog: --
text: The Baron gives a hand signal and seven gates in the
text: wall open, emitting tremendous SOUNDS. Suddenly the
text: Baron begins to float straight up, twenty-five feet
text: in the air. It is a frightening sight. He floats
text: down under the giant, humming electrical tube light
text: and rubs his head and body with a black fluid which
text: drips from tiny holes in either side of the pink
text: glow. Feyd and Rabban watch nervously. The
text: Attendants stand completely still with fear.
text: The Baron swoops down to the Boy, who stands
text: petrified. The Harkonnen guards smile nervously as
text: they step slightly backwards. The boy begins
text: SCREAMING as the Baron pulls the boy's heart plug,
text: located in his chest. The violet flowers are bumped
text: and disarrayed by the violence which ensues. Then
text: the Baron turns smiling to Feyd as the SOUNDS
text: continue to roar.
scene_heading: 52A. through 52B. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 52C. EXT. ATREIDES SHIP - CALADAN - DAY
text: A DRUM CORPS pounds out a powerful cadence in front
text: of a water and cannon show as the Duke, Paul and
text: Jessica mount the steel stairs to their ship. In
text: the doorway, they turn back for a final look.
text: The Duke places a hand on Paul's shoulder. We see
text: the signet ring. Jessica is there. She tries to
text: get Paul to look at her but he scowls and turns to
dialog: his father.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I must not fear. Fear is the mind-
dialog: killer... the little death that brings
dialog: total obliteration...
text: The door of the spaceship closes.
scene_heading: 53. EXT. HEIGHLINER - SPACE
text: 3,415 Atreides ships are approaching the Guild
text: Heighliner, which is staggeringly colossal. The
text: Atreides ships look like dots next to the sun. The
text: Duke's ship enters the frame and moves toward the
dialog: Heighliner.
dialog: 53A. through 54. (Deleted)
dialog: --
scene_heading: 55. INT. ATREIDES SHIP - SPACE
text: Paul, Jessica and Duke Leto look out the forward
text: viewing glass as tiny lights move outside in the
text: darkness. They hear and feel their ship stop with a
text: huge, echoing, metallic jolt. They look at each
text: other in the silence which follows.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
text: Soon they'll begin to fold space.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
text: Far off in the control rooms....
text: Travelling without moving.
text: They wait.
dialog: 56. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 57. INT. CONTROL ROOM - HEIGHLINER - SPACE
text: We pass through electrical shields into a 2,000-foot
text: high control room filled with orange spice gas. On
text: the floor are large gratings covering an exhaust and
text: filtering system. Tons of spice gas are being
text: converted into the clouds of gas along a wall of
text: machinery. From within a dark metal tunnel comes a
text: Guild Navigator. He exits the tunnel and swims
text: through the gas 1,000 feet to a six-dimensional
text: layered miniature replica of the entire Universe.
text: The Navigator emits a long piece of light from his
text: mouth which travels to one edge of the Universe and
text: changes into a likeness of the planet Caladan. The
text: Navigator turns and emits another piece of light
text: which travels to the opposite side of the Universe.
text: It changes into a likeness of Arrakis. The Navigator
text: begins to put his slender fingers in amongst the
text: stars and he emits SOUNDS and bursts of light into
text: the mass of stars and galaxies. The Universe begins
text: to vibrate and elongate, then to curve. Electrical
text: lightening traverses from Caladan to Arrakis as the
text: Universe bends into a U-shape. Arrakis submerges
text: deep into the light. The navigator swims to the
text: point where Arrakis disappeared. He begins to pull
text: and tear a hole in the Universe. Stars like sparks
text: and SOUNDS and rings of light appear, along with a
text: roaring WIND. The Navigator swims deep into this
text: hole through the rings of light. The Navigator
text: becomes more and more transparent, until he's lost
text: in darkness. The sounds fade.
dialog: --
dialog: 58. through 60. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 60A. EXT. HEIGHLINER - ABOVE ARRAKIS - SPACE
text: Suddenly, the real planet Arrakis appears and the
text: giant Heighliner materializes above it.
dialog: 61. through 63A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 63B. EXT. ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: Through a brownish-orange haze appears the dusty
dialog: valley of Arrakeen.
scene_heading: 64. INT./EXT. THE ATREIDES SHIP - DAY ARRAKEEN
text: The Atreides ship has landed at Arrakeen. The door
text: is open - the family walk down the steps - DUKE LETO
text: with his dog - PAUL and JESSICA.
scene_heading: 64A. through 64C. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 65. EXT. GROUNDS - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: ... clusters of troops standing at attention around
text: the enormous dark, cool doorway as the Duke, Paul
text: and Jessica enter the Palace.
scene_heading: 65A. through 65B. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 65C. EXT. PALACE - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: The Atreides banner is raised on the top of the
dialog: Palace.
dialog: 66. (Deleted)
dialog: --
scene_heading: 67. INT. MILITARY SUB-BASEMENT ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Atreides army soldiers milling, YELLING noisily.
scene_heading: 68. INT. PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY.
text: In a darkened passageway, fans turn, casting deep,
text: slow-moving shadows. SOUNDS ECHO in the distance.
scene_heading: 69. INT. COMMUNICATIONS ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: A room of technicians and electronic gear. The
text: SIGNALS are being heard and interpreted.
scene_heading: ATREIDES TECHNICIAN
dialog: Harkonnens.
scene_heading: 70. EXT. BLACK ROCK - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: Far in the distance in deep black rock, Harkonnen
text: spies move, carrying strange electronic equipment.
dialog: 71. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 72. INT. PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Thufir marches down a hallway with a squad of TROOPS
text: with electronic gadgetry, LIGHTS and SOUNDS going
dialog: constantly.
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: (into a radio microphone)
dialog: Why isn't the shield up yet?
scene_heading: 73. INT. GENERATOR ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Down in the basement, Atreides engineers are
text: removing a complicated device from heavy machinery.
text: A MAN radios back to Thufir.
scene_heading: ATREIDES RADIO MAN
dialog: We found and removed another sabotage
dialog: device. I think it will go up now.
dialog: --
text: The engineers activate a series of atometric
text: Holtzman generators. Suddenly SOUNDS begin. The
text: machines start; at first low, then they WHINE
text: upwards to a high pitch. When the pitch is steady, a
text: series of levers are pulled.
scene_heading: 74. EXT. PALACE - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: Just after the second set of levers is pulled, a
text: huge house shield is seen going up in a box shape,
text: encompassing the Palace with SHIMMERING protection.
scene_heading: 75. EXT. WINDOW - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: From a small window, Thufir observes the shield with
text: a critical eye.
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: (inner voice; worried)
dialog: We found these sabotage devices too
dialog: easily...
scene_heading: 76. INT. GREAT HALL - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Two giant glowglobes drift into the Great Hall where
text: Jessica and Dr. Yueh stand watching a giant bull's
text: head is being hung above the massive fireplace. The
text: MOVING TROOPS are unpacking crates and organizing
text: furnishings. Jessica watches them. Distant SOUNDS
text: reverberate inside an elaborate air vent beside
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: DR. YUEH
dialog: Listen here.... You can here the people of
dialog: Arrakeen outside.... Can you here the cry
dialog: "Soo Soo Sook" of the water sellers?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: So many reminders of the scarcity of
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: DR. YUEH
dialog: Have you noticed the line of palms along
dialog: the wall... the Harkonnen put them in...
dialog: to flaunt their water wealth in front of
dialog: these people.... Each day those palms take
dialog: enough water to sustain the life of one
dialog: hundred men.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: The way you say Harkonnen... I didn't know
dialog: you had so much reason to hate them.
speaker_heading: DR. YUEH
dialog: (swiftly)
dialog: My wife... you didn't know my wife...
dialog: they...
dialog: --
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Forgive me...
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: ... His wife was Bene Gesserit too... the
text: signs are al over him.... They must have
dialog: killed here.
text: Jessica sees a droplet of sweat break out on Yueh's
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: DR. YUEH
dialog: I'm sorry I'm unable to talk about it.
text: Above them a series of iron curtains begins to open
text: over deep rock window slots, sending narrow shafts
text: of light down across the room. TWO ATREIDES WOMEN in
text: uniform approach.
speaker_heading: ATREIDES WOMAN #1
dialog: (referring to several robed figures
dialog: standing in the room)
dialog: My lady... the local people... the maids
dialog: and servants await your inspection. Hawat
dialog: has cleared them.
text: Dr. Yueh turns to Jessica.
speaker_heading: DR. YUEH
dialog: The Harkonnens may have tampered
dialog: medically.... please wait.
text: He turns a yellow light on a moves it over the
text: crowd. The yellow light beam plays over the blue-
text: within-blue eyes. One of the women, the Shadout
text: Mapes, watches Jessica continuously. Yueh's hand
text: shakes slightly.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice; noticing Yueh's hands)
text: He's hiding something -- holding something
dialog: back.
text: (She studies his face closely.)
dialog: It's not just his wife... He's a good man
dialog: though. He's probably trying to save my
dialog: feelings...
dialog: (We see her mouth.)
dialog: I could use The Voice... make him tell
dialog: me... It would only shame him.
dialog: (We see her eyes.)
dialog: I must place more trust in my friends.
text: (We see Yueh turn toward her,
dialog: fearful.)
dialog: --
scene_heading: 77. INT. PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Paul wanders through the darkened passageways alone,
text: his footsteps echoing as goes. He takes pleasure
text: observing the details of the rock Palace but all the
text: while he feels an uneasiness -- a feeling of fear
text: builds in him.
scene_heading: 78. INT. PAUL'S BEDROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Paul enters a small bedroom and sits down on the
text: bed. He opens the filmbook, and activates it.
scene_heading: 78A. INSERT - FILMBOOK
text: We SEE a gigantic carryall lower down above a spice
text: harvester and pick it up off the desert floor as a
text: narrator speaks over.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
text: One carryall handles four spice mining
dialog: teams; however, it will fly only two
dialog: harvesters at a time. Today, we have nine
dialog: hundred and thirty harvesters and nine
dialog: hundred and eighty-one carryalls....
scene_heading: 78. BACK TO SCENE
text: Paul looks up. Across the room he sees a tray of
text: small pastries which have been laid out. He goes to
text: them and scans them with his poison detector, which
text: he carries on his belt. A pleasant tone SOUNDS and
text: the word "safe" appears in green light. Paul takes a
text: pastry bites it and turns back towards the bed.
text: Suddenly he stops. He looks at the pastry.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Spice...
text: As he continues eating he notices the sunlight
text: through the slates over the window begins to GLOW
text: white hot. Paul's eyes are intense as the light
text: GLOWS brilliantly.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering inner voice)
dialog: Terrible purpose.... What is it?
scene_heading: 78B. INSERT - RED DROPLETS
text: Some red droplets appear rushing through the white
text: light. Three images follow:
speaker_heading: MENTAL IMAGES:
scene_heading: 79. INT. CONTROL ROOM - EMPEROR'S PALACE - DAY
text: A blurred Guild Navigator.
dialog: --
dialog: Page Missing
dialog: --
speaker_heading: SHADOUT MAPES
dialog: I am the Shadout Mapes... the housekeeper.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: A Fremen... Could she be the operator?
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: SHADOUT MAPES
dialog: I must cleanse the way between us.... You
dialog: saved my life... and we Fremen pay our
dialog: debts. It's known to us that you've a
dialog: traitor in your midst. Who it is we cannot
dialog: say but we're certain of it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: A traitor...
text: Before he can speak the Shadout Mapes is gone --
text: running off down the passageway. Jessica enters.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (looks to Jessica)
dialog: There is a traitor among us.
speaker_heading: 80A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 81. INT. PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Running TROOPS storm down the hallway with
text: electronic gear and big stun guns.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 82. INT. PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Thufir walks quickly toward SEVERAL TROOPS.
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: Set up a sonar probe immediately!
scene_heading: 83. INT. AUTOPSY ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Dr. Yueh sticks his head out the doorway as SEVERAL
text: TROOPERS run past.
scene_heading: 84. INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Duke Leto is calling on a radio phone. GENERALS
text: surround him, as well as Gurney.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Thufir?... anything?... keep looking.
dialog: (Inner voice)
dialog: ...and a traitor... God help us.
scene_heading: 85. INT. SUB-SUB-SUB-BASEMENT - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: TROOPS come off an elevator. The glow-span indicates
text: the very bottom floor of 18 sub-floors. The ground
text: is uneven rock and the ceiling is low. The troops
text: fan out shining chemical lamps here and there. A
text: soldier suddenly stops. Ahead in his light is a dead
text: Harkonnen -- bloody vomit dried around his mouth. He
text: lies beside an electronic device.
scene_heading: 86. INT. AUTOPSY ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Dr. Yueh covers his face with his hands in a
text: darkened room... sobbing.
scene_heading: 86A. EXT. WALL - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: SEARCHLIGHTS sweep over the faces of City Fremen who
text: are sitting or moving solemnly around the outer wall
text: of the Palace. Some are chanting "Mahdi" and "Lisan
text: al-Gaib." Others hold up one open hand as a sign
text: they feel the messiah is near. A slow-moving spike-
text: backed dog sucks ants up out of a small anthill; he
text: snorts.
scene_heading: 86B. INT. GREAT HALL - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: In the darkened Hall we can HEAR the distant sound
text: of the Fremen reverberating.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 87. INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Duke Leto sits with Paul, Thufir, EIGHT GENERALS and
text: SIX SUB-LIEUTENANTS. The Duke's small dog wanders
text: under the table and rests his head on the Duke's
text: boot. In front of Thufir is a device FLASHING
text: brilliant light bursts over his face. The others are
text: all talking among themselves. Suddenly Thufir's face
text: turns brilliant red (as red as his sapho-stained
text: lips) and he begins speaking rapidly into the
text: machine in code using a strained high voice.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: (Mentat voice)
dialog: Sector 6 - 80 -- copy the sixth -- the
dialog: summit -- the eight the quadrant over the
dialog: ninth plus eighty -- four circles -- weave
dialog: the eighty and call the fourth copy --
dialog: enter nine -- seven by seven a seven the
dialog: seven call seven B seven -- enter the
dialog: circles call the sixth copy the sixth over
dialog: the summit.... eight.
text: The machine FLASHES several bright irregular
text: SIGNALS. Then it stops and HUMS. The blood leaves
text: Thufir's face.
speaker_heading: THUFIR (CONT'D)
dialog: (very fast and casually)
dialog: Eight.... Thufir Hawat... Mentat... Master
dialog: of Assassins.
text: The hum stops. Thufir turns to Duke Leto. He looks
text: up. Everyone is quiet now.
speaker_heading: THUFIR (CONT'D)
text: The Palace is now secure. The city of
dialog: Arrakeen is under martial law... we have
dialog: troops here headquartered underground on
text: sub-floors six through ten. The rest of
text: the troops are stationed in Arrakeen and
dialog: we have some on the airfield. Our new army
text: is still training, but everything is
dialog: shielded.... With the shielding, we are
text: impenetrable. Dr. Kynes is waiting, Sire,
dialog: for your inspection of spice mining
dialog: operations, but since the attempt of the
dialog: young master, I am against your leaving
dialog: the Palace.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (very angry)
dialog: The attempt failed... Harkonnen captives
dialog: have already been taken. We must crush the
dialog: Harkonnen machine on Arrakis.... You all
dialog: know what to do.
dialog: (Turning towards Gurney)
dialog: ...Gurney! We desperately need more spice
text: miners... many are threatening to leave on
dialog: the next shuttle. We need spice drivers,
dialog: weather scanners, dune men ... any with
dialog: open sand experience. You must persuade
dialog: them to enlist with us.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: They shall come all for violence: their
dialog: faces shall sup as the east wind. And they
dialog: shall gather the captivity of the sand.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (squints at Gurney)
dialog: Very moving, Gurney. On your way... and
dialog: take care of Dr. Kynes until Paul and I
dialog: arrive. We will not be prisoners here in
dialog: this place.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (artfully easing the Duke's anger)
dialog: Behold as a wild ass in the desert go I
dialog: forth to my work.
text: Gurney strides off. Thufir sits, contemplating. Paul
text: and Duke Leto smile at each other and shake their
dialog: heads.
scene_heading: 88. INT. JESSICA'S CHAMBER - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Jessica is sitting in a small room, smiling, reading
text: a note. It reads "I miss you. Leto." She sets the
text: note down. She begins to tremble. She becomes
text: fearful. In her mind she SEES quick images:
speaker_heading: MENTAL IMAGES
scene_heading: 89. INT. CONTROL ROOM - HEIGHLINER
text: A blurred Guild Navigator.
scene_heading: 89A. INT. MAKER ROOM - SEITCH TABR - NIGHT
text: Paul dead on a stone floor.
scene_heading: 89B. EXT. ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: Fire burning.
scene_heading: 90. INT. JESSICA'S CHAMBER - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Jessica continues to tremble.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I must speak with you Leto!
dialog: --
scene_heading: 91. INT. PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Outside in the passageway, feet suddenly move
text: quietly toward the door to Jessica's room.
scene_heading: 92. INT. JESSICA'S CHAMBER - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Jessica HEARS this and looks up just as the Shadout
text: Mapes silently enters her room.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
text: (staring at the blue-eyed woman --
dialog: waiting for possible danger.)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SHADOUT MAPES
dialog: I am the Shadout Mapes, your housekeeper,
dialog: Noble Born. What are your orders.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You may refer to me as "my lady." I am not
dialog: noble born. I'm the bound concubine of
dialog: Duke Leto -- mother of the heir
dialog: designate.... "Shadout"... that's an
dialog: ancient word.
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: (strangely asked)
dialog: You know the ancient tongues?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I know the Bhotani Jib and Chakobsa, all
dialog: the hunting languages.
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: As the legend says.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: That's it! The Missionaria Protectiva has
dialog: been here planting protective legends
dialog: against a day of Bene Gesserit need. And
dialog: that day has come. I must play out this
dialog: sham.
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: I know the Dark things and the way of the
dialog: Great Mother. Miseces prejin.
text: Mapes takes a step backward to flee.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know many things. I know you came
text: prepared for violence with a weapon in
dialog: your bodice.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: My lady, I... the weapon was sent as a
dialog: gift if you should prove to be the one.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: And the means of my death should I prove
dialog: otherwise.
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Now we will see which way the decision
dialog: tips.
text: Slowly Mapes reaches into her dress and brings out a
text: sheathed knife. She unleashes it.
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: Do you know this my lady?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: It could only be one thing....
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: It's a crysknife.
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: Say it not lightly...
dialog: (very slowly)
dialog: Do you know its meaning?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Here is why this Fremen has taken service
dialog: with me, to ask that one question. Delay
dialog: is as dangerous as the wrong answer.
dialog: Shadout is Chakobsa... knife, in Chakobsa
dialog: is... maker of death.
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: It's a maker...
text: Mapes SCREAMS with elation and grief.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (CONT'D)
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Maker?... Maker is the key word... the
dialog: tooth of the worm? That was close...
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Did you think that I, knowing the
dialog: mysteries of the Great Mother, would not
dialog: know the maker?
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: My lady, when one has lived with prophecy
dialog: for so long, the moment of revelation is a
dialog: shock.
text: Mapes sheathes the blade... slowly
dialog: --
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: There's more here... yes!
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Mapes, you've sheathed that blade
text: unblooded.
text: With a GASP Mapes drops the knife into Jessica's
text: hands and opens her blouse.
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: Take the water of my life!
text: Jessica withdraws the knife from the sheath and,
text: with the blade, scratches a line just above Mapes'
dialog: right breast.
speaker_heading: MAPES (CONT'D)
dialog: You are ours.... You are the one.
text: Jessica's eyes stare ahead. She knows these words
dialog: ring with truth.
scene_heading: 93. INT. TUNNEL - OBSERVATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The Duke, Paul and SEVERAL ARMED GUARDS enter a
text: tunnel to a `thopter landing pad which is
text: illuminated by a shaft of light coming from a
text: chimney-like exit above. DR. KYNES and his Fremen
text: guard are standing next to Gurney.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: (to Gurney)
dialog: So, this is Leto the Just...
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I hope I made myself clear. You may call
dialog: him "The Duke," "My lord," or "Sire." And
dialog: there is a more ancient term you might
dialog: keep in mind -- "Noble Born."
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Play out your little comedy while you can
dialog: off-worlders...
text: Gurney turns and activates a device...
scene_heading: 93A. INSERT - ORNITHOPTER OPENING
text: ...which causes the ornithopter behind to fold open
dialog: ready for flight.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 93B. INT. TUNNEL - OBSERVATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The two parties meet and are introduced.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: So you are Dr. Kynes, the Imperial
dialog: Ecologist?
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: (turning to Gurney)
dialog: I prefer the more ancient term,
dialog: planetologist... Noble Born.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: This is my son, Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Are you a Fremen?
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: I am a servant of the His Majesty the
dialog: Emperor. I have served His Majesty on
text: Arrakis long enough for my eyes to change.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
text: He's hiding something.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: I understand we have you to thank for
dialog: these stillsuits, Doctor.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: They are Fremen suits. I hope they fit
dialog: well, my lord.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: "Your gift is a blessing of the river."
text: Kynes' FREMEN GUARDS, hearing this are siezed with
text: agitation. Kynes QUIETS them, then studies Paul.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: The Mahdi will greet you with holy words
dialog: and your gifts will be a blessing.
dialog: (spoken, nonchalantly)
dialog: Most of the desert natives here are a
dialog: superstitious lot. They mean no harm. With
dialog: your permission, I will check the security
dialog: of your suits.
text: Gurney and the guard move forward warily.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: The Duke is to be addresses as...
dialog: --
text: Kynes comes forward and adjusts the Duke's suit,
text: checking seals and pulling on straps.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: Basically...
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (leaping forward to protect his Duke)
dialog: Sire!
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: It's all right Gurney.
text: Gurney steps back.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: Yes, Sire.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: It's a high-efficiency filter and heat
dialog: exchange system. Perspiration passes
text: through the first layer and is gathered in
text: the second. The salt is separated.
text: Breathing and walking provide the pumping
text: action. The reclaimed water circulates to
dialog: catchpockets from which you can drink
dialog: through this tube at your neck. Urine and
text: feces are processed in the thigh pads.
dialog: Should you be in the open desert, remember
dialog: to breathe in through your mouth, out
text: through the nose tubes.
text: The Duke is now properly fitted. Kynes places the
text: noseplug into his nose.
speaker_heading: KYNES (CONT'D)
text: With a Fremen suit in good working order,
dialog: one can sustain life for weeks, even in
text: the deep desert.
text: He removes the noseplug.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: My thanks.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: With your permission...
text: Kynes turns to Paul, running his hands over the
text: slick fabric. He stands back with a puzzled
dialog: expression.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: You've worn a stillsuit before?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: Your suit is fitted desert fashion. Who told you how
dialog: to do that?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No one. It... seemed the proper way.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: That it is.
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: He shall know your ways as if born to
dialog: them.
text: Kyne's Fremen guard are watching Paul very closely
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: We're wasting time, Sire.
text: Duke Leto, Dr. Kynes, Gurney and Paul enter the
dialog: ornithopter...
dialog: 88. Through 89B. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 90. INT. JESSICA'S CHAMBER - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Jessica trembles.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I must speak with you Leto!
dialog: 91. Through 92. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 93C. EXT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - TUNNEL - ARRAKEEN PALACE
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: ...and the thopter turns slowly as it goes up into
dialog: the light.
speaker_heading: 93D. (Deleted)
dialog: --
scene_heading: 93E. EXT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - DAY
text: From outside the Palace's atomic shield we see the
text: blur of the ornithopter pass through a porthole and
text: come out perfect like a gleaming jewel.
dialog: 93F. Through 94. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 94A. INT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - DAY
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: Southeast over the Shield Wall. That's
dialog: where I told your sandmaster to
dialog: concentrate his harvesting.
scene_heading: 95. EXT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - DAY
text: They crest the top of the wall which opens out into
text: a black, level expanse of rock, cratered and
text: fractured. On the other side is the huge, seemingly
text: endless plain of sand, the Great Desert. In the hazy
text: distance, flashes of light can be seen.
scene_heading: 96. INT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - DAY
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Will we see a worm?
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: Where there is spice and spice mining
dialog: there are always worms.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Always?
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: Always.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why do they come?
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: To protect their territory. Vibrations
dialog: attract them.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I've registered him now... a knife is a
text: sheath on his left arm... He's strong... a
dialog: person born to command... He's hiding many
dialog: things.
dialog: (out loud, suddenly)
dialog: Is there a relationship between the worms
dialog: and the spice?
text: Kynes turns instantly and stares at Paul. Gurney
text: sees the wonder in Kynes' eyes.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
text: The young master is a trained Mentat, an
dialog: advanced student of Prana Bindu has
dialog: studied under some of the finest teachers
dialog: in the Universe.
text: Kynes takes a second look at young Paul.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: As I said... they defend the spice sands.
dialog: As to their relationship with the spice...
dialog: who knows.
dialog: 97. Through 97A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 98. INT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - DAY
speaker_heading: GURNEY
text: Dust cloud ahead, Sire.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: That's it... spice mining... no other
text: cloud quite like it. See the spotters over
dialog: it? They're watching for wormsign... the
text: telltale sand waves. Seismic probes on the
dialog: surface, too Sire... worms can travel too
text: deep for their waves to show... Looks like
text: a good patch of spice.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: Wormsign? Is it wormsign?
dialog: --
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: Yes!... worm. Big one! You've got sharp
dialog: eyes Sire.... May I?
text: Kynes grabs the microphone and dials in the correct
dialog: frequency.
dialog: 98A. through 99. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 100. INT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER
text: From the window, we see that the sand below is
text: rippling, like water with a big fish just under the
dialog: surface.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: (into radio, after having found the
dialog: frequency)
dialog: Calling Harvester Pad Nine. Wormsign!
text: STATIC... then a voice.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Who calls Pad Nine?
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Don't mention the Duke... This is an
text: uncoded channel.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: Unlisted flight northeast of you...
dialog: wormsign on intercept course... estimated
dialog: contact fifteen minutes.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Have sighting confirmed. Stand by for fix.
dialog: Contact in sixteen minutes minus. Very
dialog: precise estimate. Who is on that unlisted
dialog: flight?
text: Kynes clicks off the radio.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: What happens now?
speaker_heading: KYNES
text: The carryall will come and lift off the
dialog: spice harvester. Try and get in close over
dialog: the harvester... you'll find this
dialog: interesting Sire.
dialog: --
text: The Duke accelerates the ornithopter in the
dialog: direction of the harvester. Paul can SEE...
scene_heading: 101. EXT. HARVESTER - DESERT - DAY
text: ...huge amounts of sand being spewn out of the
text: gigantic stack atop the metal and plasteel
dialog: harvester.
scene_heading: 102. INT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - DAY
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: They'll work until the very last minute.
text: The yellow cloud of the harvester envelops them. The
text: Duke flies up to get a closer look.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Spotter control... no sign of the
text: carryall... it isn't answering.
text: Everyone looks at one another.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
text: The worm is eight minutes away, Sire.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Spotter control -- give me a report by the
dialog: numbers.
text: Over the radio MANY VOICES report they have no
text: contact with the carryall.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: Damn it... Harkonnens.
text: He punches a control button and grabs a microphone.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO (CONT'D)
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: We are coming down to take you off the
dialog: harvester... All spotters are ordered to
dialog: comply.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Ordered by whom?
dialog: --
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Duke Leto Atreides....
text: Gurney and Paul turn to each other, worried.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Yes... yes, Sire!
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: How many men do you have?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Full crew -- twenty-six men -- but Sire,
dialog: we can't leave this spice...
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: Damn the spice! Get out of there.
scene_heading: 103. EXT. HARVESTER - DESERT - DAY
text: All the spotters begin landing and the Duke descends
text: directly in front of the harvester which has stopped
text: mining yet emits a tremendous rythmic GRINDING
text: noise. No one is coming out.
scene_heading: 104. INT./EXT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER/DESERT - DAY
text: Gurney nervously scans the sky for enemy ships. A
text: very low, powerful SOUND starts now and the ground
text: begins to shake.
scene_heading: 105. EXT. HARVESTER - DESERT - DAY
text: A hatch opens and MEN come pouring out.
scene_heading: 106. INT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - DESERT - DAY
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (yelling at the men)
dialog: Two men in each of the spotters... You!...
dialog: over here... run!!
text: The ground is really shaking now. A tremendous low
text: THUNDERING sound grows along with a high rasping
speaker_heading: HISS.
speaker_heading: KYNES
text: (to Paul and Gurney -- yelling over
dialog: the noise)
text: I can't see him yet but he's very close...
dialog: --
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
text: (out loud to himself as he watches
dialog: the men scrambling)
dialog: Damn sloppy -- really damn sloppy.
text: FOUR MEN begin tumbling into the Duke's machine.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: Come on boys... come on.
dialog: (Then, to the Duke)
dialog: We're going to be heavy, Sire.
text: The men press on Gurney and Paul. Paul can feel the
text: fear. The sound is a horrible ROAR and deeper
text: RUMBLING now and the `thopter is vibrating and
text: shaking violently. The air suddenly begins to SPARK
text: with static electricity.
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Here he is... We've got to go.
text: The Duke closes the doorways, surveys the area one
text: last time, then takes the controls.
scene_heading: 106A. INT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - DAY
text: The ship strains and lifts off -- slowly.
text: Paul sees the brown powder clumped on the suits of
text: the men... their bluish eyes. He smells the spice.
text: He begins to feel its affect.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: (inner voice as a blinding light
dialog: comes and goes)
dialog: Spice!... pure un-refined spice!
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: Bless the Maker and his water... Bless the
dialog: coming and going of him. May his passage
dialog: cleanse the world.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: What's that you're saying?
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: Nothing.
text: A spice miner turns and sees Kynes, who remains
dialog: silent.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: SPICE MINER #1
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: Liet!
speaker_heading: SPICE MINER #2
dialog: Shhhhh.
text: Paul hears this, then looks to Kynes -- locks on his
dialog: image.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Liet?
speaker_heading: KYNES
dialog: (pointing down and yelling)
dialog: You are about to witness something few
dialog: have seen -- watch! Watch!
text: Paul looks down as the Duke banks over the
dialog: harvester.
scene_heading: 107. EXT. HARVESTER - DESERT - DAY
text: Static electricity is IGNITING in the air and the sand is
text: swirling around the harvester. Then they see it. A wide
text: hole emerges from the sand, glistening spokes within it.
text: The hole is twice the size of the harvester. Suddenly
text: the machine turns and slides into the hole, parts of it
text: EXPLODING. The SOUND is deafening. The Duke's ship is
text: WHINING to stay aloft.
scene_heading: 108. INT. ATREIDES ORNITHOPTER - DAY
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: Gods, what a monster.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: Someone is going to pay for this... I
dialog: promise.
speaker_heading: KYNES
text: (inner voice -- as he studies the
dialog: Duke)
text: This Duke is more concerned over his men
dialog: than the spice! I must admit... against
dialog: all better judgement... I like this Duke.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
dialog: 109. through 113B. (Deleted)
dialog: --
scene_heading: 114. INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: Duke Leto walks into the room. The NIGHT GUARD
text: comes to attention as he passes. DUNCAN IDAHO,
text: wearing a dark, dusty stillsuit, emerges from the
text: shadows. DUKE LETO and DUNCAN meet at the foot of
text: the steps. The men embrace and separate.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Duncan! What have you discovered about
dialog: the Fremen, Duncan -- tell me. Why
dialog: haven't we heard from you?
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: My lord... I suspect so much. I think
dialog: they are the allies we seek... they are
dialog: strong and fierce... they do not give
dialog: their loyalty easily or quickly.... As
dialog: you know, the Imperium has never been able
dialog: to take a census of the Fremen. Everyone
dialog: thinks that there are but few -- wandering
dialog: here and there in the desert.... My lord,
dialog: I suspect an incredible secret has been
dialog: kept on this planet... that the Fremen
dialog: exist in vast numbers... vast numbers...
dialog: and it is they that control Arrakis.
dialog: 115. through 116. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 116A. NEW SCENE - SHADOUT MAPES ALONG PASSAGE
scene_heading: 117. INT. PAUL'S SUB-BASEMENT ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
scene_heading: DUKE LETO'S VOICE
dialog: Guard. Open the door.
text: Paul is in a fitful sleep. Leto enters and smiles
text: at his son.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: Sleep well... my son.
text: The Duke smiles at Paul then leaves the room, but
text: after he goes, Paul strains with all his might to
text: lift himself to call out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (struggling painfully)
dialog: Father!... father... drugged...
dialog: --
scene_heading: 122. INT. BARON'S QUARTERS - HARKONNEN SHIP - NIGHT
text: The BARON's face -- expressionless. The SOUND of
text: his ship screams in the background. The DOCTOR is
text: seated beside him.
scene_heading: 118 INT. SUB-BASEMENT PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: The Duke walks down the steps to a very narrow
text: passageway. The passageway becomes very dark.
text: Suddenly the Duke hears a strange MEWLING sound. He
text: turns down an even darker passageway. He can hear
text: the shield WHINING in the distance. He almost has
text: to feel his way. Up ahead he sees a shape. He
text: bends down and sees the SHADOUT MAPES dying on the
text: cold stone floor in the darkness. She tries to
text: speak but cannot. She falls. Suddenly the Duke
text: HEARS the shield generator start whining down.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: What happened? What?
dialog: (as Mapes dies)
dialog: The shield!
text: The Duke reaches to activate his shield be a large
text: dart is shot into his shoulder. The Duke lurches
text: upwards then tumbles to the ground. Out of the
text: darkness comes Dr. Yueh. The dart drops and
text: CLATTERS as if a dream.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO (CONT'D)
dialog: (mind racing -- struggling)
dialog: Yueh!
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: He's sabotaged the house generators, we're
text: wide open.
speaker_heading: YUEH
dialog: (with self-disgust)
dialog: I've brought House Atreides down. I've
text: destroyed the new army's weirding modules.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (hoarse whisper)
dialog: ... Why?
text: The generator WHINES lower and lower
dialog: --
speaker_heading: YUEH
dialog: I wish to kill a man... not you, my dear
dialog: Duke, but the Baron.... You were dead
dialog: already... but you will be close to the
dialog: Baron before you die. You will be tied
dialog: and drugged but you can still attack.
dialog: When you see the Baron you will have a new
dialog: poison tooth. He will want you close so
dialog: he can gloat over you. One bite on this
dialog: tooth and a strong exile...
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: Refuse...
speaker_heading: YUEH
dialog: No! -- You mustn't... for in return I will
dialog: save the lives of your Paul and Jessica.
text: Yueh removes the Duke's signet ring and shows it to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: YUEH (CONT'D)
dialog: For Paul...
text: He implants the tooth.
text: Yueh becomes more and more blurred. His image
text: begins to fade. His lips move in the darkness. The
text: generator WHINE is low and going lower and lower.
speaker_heading: YUEH (CONT'D)
dialog: When you see the Baron, remember the
dialog: tooth! The tooth!
dialog: 119. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 119A. INT. COMMUNICATIONS ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: ATREIDES GUARD #1 comes running down the steps and
text: up to the CAPTAIN and a TECHNICIAN.
speaker_heading: ATREIDES GUARD #1
dialog: The shield is down! The shield is down!
scene_heading: ATREIDES GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: Harkonnen...
dialog: (turns and shouts)
dialog: Get that shield up!
dialog: --
scene_heading: 119B. EXT. LANDING FIELD - ARRAKEEN - NIGHT
text: A warning TONE begins. TROOPS begin pouring onto
dialog: the field.
scene_heading: 119C. EXT. ROCK - LANDING FIELD - ARRAKEEN - NIGHT
text: Troops race toward their ships.
speaker_heading: 119D. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 119E. INT. GUARD HOUSE - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ATREIDES GUARD
dialog: The shield! The shield!
scene_heading: 120. INT. PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: A loud warning TONE vibrates. Thufir turns away
text: from the doorway of a small room where he's
dialog: horrified to SEE...
scene_heading: 120A. INSERT
dialog: ... a chemical FIRE consuming the thousands of
dialog: Atreides weirding modules.
dialog: 121. through 121A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 123. EXT. PALACE - ARRAKEEN - NIGHT
text: A thousand Harkonnen ships dive over Arrakeen and
text: the Palace. Giant deep thunderous EXPLOSIONS
text: shatter the land. Billowing SMOKE clouds column
text: upwards, forming a black wriggling death curtain
dialog: around the Palace.
scene_heading: 124. INT. PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: Troops are running through the passageway, right and
text: left. SMOKE is everywhere and the horrible SOUNDS
text: of the explosions continue. The SOUNDS of stone
text: crunching, shifting, and breaking. SCREAMS. A wall
text: of stone suddenly cracks open. A burst of air and
text: dust shoots out, HISSING. The Duke's dog runs
text: through the passageway WHINING with fear.
dialog: --
dialog: 125. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 125A. EXT. HARKONNEN SHIP - LANDING FIELD - ARRAKEEN
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: Sardaukar rush out of a Harkonnen ship. Their
text: electrically distorted faces come screaming toward
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: 125B. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 126. EXT. LANDING FIELD - ARRAKEEN - NIGHT
text: Harkonnen hammer ships thunder the ground, sending
text: cracks and fissures throughout the landing field.
text: Harkonnen scare SIRENS scream.
scene_heading: 126A. EXT. HAMMER SHIPS - ARRAKEEN - NIGHT
text: Atreides soldiers run from the hammer ships.
scene_heading: 129. EXT. GROUNDS - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: FIRE and SMOKE. SCREAMS. An ATREIDES SOLDIER's
text: head is hit with a large white hot piece of
text: explosion. Through the black smoke, large SARDAUKAR
text: chase after THREE SOLDIERS and them with hydraulic
text: knife-guns. One blade enters the back of one man's
text: head and comes out his nose. Tremendous NOISE of
text: battle. Gurney and a squad of TROOPERS climb
text: through bodies and thick smoke. Gurney has the
text: Duke's dog safely inside his coat. The little dog's
text: head sticks out -- looking about. Gurney strokes
text: the dog's neck when the reach safety behind some
text: rock. Small glimpses, as the smoke moves this way
dialog: or that, let them see thousands of Sardaukar
dialog: fighting.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
text: LONG LIVE DUKE LETO!
speaker_heading: TROOPERS
dialog: Long live Duke Leto!
text: The CRY from the men rings out as they attack with
text: frenzy equalling that of the Sardaukar.
scene_heading: 127. INT. AUTOPSY ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: The distant HAMMERING of the Harkonnen hammer ship.
text: Jessica's eyes open and she sees two big boots but
text: they seem to be floating above the stone floor she
text: is lying on. She is gagged and tied. She looks up.
text: She sees the huge Baron Harkonnen staring down at
text: her. In the distance she HEARS the battle raging.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: The drug was timed. Dr. Yueh has been
dialog: very valuable to us.... What a pity you
dialog: must remain gagged. We can't let
dialog: ourselves be swayed by your witch's Voice,
dialog: now, can we?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Leto... where are you?
scene_heading: 86. INT. A ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Dr. Yueh covers his face with his hands in a
text: darkened room... sobbing.
scene_heading: 127. BACK TO SCENE
text: The Baron floats across the room with suspensor-
dialog: borne lightness.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: Goodbye, Jessica and goodbye to your sweet
dialog: son.... I want to spit once on your
dialog: head... just some spittle on your face --
dialog: what a luxury.
text: He spits on her cheek. The Baron floats out of the
text: room into the passageway.
speaker_heading: BARON (CONT'D)
dialog: We were ordered to kill them... so kill
dialog: them.
scene_heading: 129. BACK TO SCENE - BATTLE
scene_heading: 127. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: NEFUD
dialog: What are your orders, Piter?
speaker_heading: PITER
dialog: Take them to the desert, as the traitor
dialog: suggested and worms will destroy the
dialog: evidence. Their bodies must never be
dialog: found.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 129. BACK TO SCENE - BATTLE
scene_heading: 127. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: PITER
text: (whispering to Jessica, rubbing the
text: spittle around on her face with his
dialog: hand, delicately)
dialog: I'd thought of many pleasures with you.
dialog: It is perhaps better that you die in the
text: innards of a worm. Desire clouds my
dialog: reason.... That is not good... that is
dialog: bad.
scene_heading: 129. BACK TO SCENE
scene_heading: 128. INT. SUB-BASEMENT PASSAGEWAY - ARRAKEEN PALACE -
scene_heading: NIGHT - SHIELD
speaker_heading: EFFECT
text: Duncan Idaho kills a Sardaukar soldier and rushes
text: forward frantically. His eyes blaze intensely. He
text: yells out to the other Atreides soldiers.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: They're on this floor somewhere....
text: The soldiers disappear, searching in another
text: direction. Duncan runs, pounding, down the
text: passageway -- his eyes searching in every doorway.
text: Suddenly twelve huge Sardaukar round a corner on a
text: quick march. Duncan turns his shield up and charges
text: them. Behind them he sees Paul and Jessica bound in
text: straps and being carried.
text: Duncan attacks and fights valiantly but he is
text: outnumbered. In the fight the lights are blown out
text: and Duncan is killed by a slow stunner pellet
text: through the head. Paul strains to help.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (seeing Duncan)
dialog: Duncan!! Duncan!!
text: Paul and Jessica are carried off, quickly, through
text: the darkness. The battle SOUNDS thundering.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 128A. DUNCAN'S BODY - INT. SUB-BASEMENT PASSAGEWAY -
scene_heading: ARRAKEEN PALACE
scene_heading: - NIGHT - SHIELD EFFECT
text: Duncan's dead, shielded body slides sparking in the
text: dark against the passageway walls.
scene_heading: 129. BACK TO SCENE - BATTLE - RABBAN ON BRIDGE
speaker_heading: 131C. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 132. EXT. PALACE - ARRAKEEN - NIGHT
text: FIRE and SMOKE.
scene_heading: 133. INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: The Baron's face, the light of FIRE and EXPLOSIONS
text: playing over it. The Baron turns as Piter ushers in
dialog: the traitor Yueh.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: (to Yueh - quietly)
dialog: You wish now to join your wife, is that
dialog: it, traitor?
text: A sudden flash of hope crosses Yueh's face.
speaker_heading: YUEH
dialog: She lives?
text: The Baron smiles, almost sympathetically.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: You wish to join her... join her, then.
text: Piter moves to Yueh, a knife glistening in his hand.
text: It flashes into his back. A GASP escapes Yueh's
text: throat, a sad look passing over his face, as if to
text: say "I thought as much." He stands stiffly, then
text: falls gasping. He tastes his own blood, then dies.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: Take him away.
scene_heading: 144. EXT. GROUNDS - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: Black smoke palms.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 145. EXT. LANDING FIELD - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: Rabban strides in front of his uncle's ship,
text: carrying Kynes over his shoulder. Harkonnen and
text: Sardaukar SOLDIERS stand at attention. Rabban tears
text: off Kynes' stillsuit. Kynes falls.
speaker_heading: RABBAN
dialog: He was in the Palace with the Atreides...
dialog: I also say he was a spy for the Emperor.
dialog: (looking up to the troops)
dialog: Go now! Take him to his desert to die.
dialog: Go!
scene_heading: 129A. EXT. HARKONNEN ORNITHOPTER - NIGHT
text: The small `thopter climbs toward the Shield Wall
text: through a SMOKEY atmosphere illuminated by distant
scene_heading: EXPLOSIONS.
scene_heading: 130. INT. HARKONNEN ORNITHOPTER - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
text: Yueh's sign. He's left a satchell.
text: Jessica and Paul, bound by cabin straps, lie in the
text: back, the two guards at the controls. Outside,
text: `thopters and ships fly past them toward the city.
text: The distant FIRES play over Jessica's face as she
text: sees Yueh's triangular tattoo scratched in the cabin
dialog: roof.
speaker_heading: HARKONNEN GUARD #1
dialog: I'd like to have some fun before we kill
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: HARKONNEN GUARD #2
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Of course... what did you think?
text: Jessica looks to Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (struggling to use The Voice)
dialog: Don't touch my mother...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Oh great mother! He's trying the voice.
dialog: The Reverend Mother said it could save
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HARKONNEN GUARD #1
dialog: Did you hear a noise from the little one?
dialog: --
speaker_heading: HARKONNEN GUARD #2
dialog: I didn't hear anything.
speaker_heading: HARKONNEN GUARD #1
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: HARKONNEN GUARD #2
dialog: No.
text: He turns and hits Paul in the shoulder with a
text: stungun. Paul recovers and starts taking long,
text: calming breaths.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: The calming exercise.
speaker_heading: HARKONNEN GUARD #1
dialog: The little one!
dialog: (they laugh)
text: Suddenly, Guard #1 reaches around and puts his hand
text: up Jessica's skirt. He starts breathing hard. Paul
text: clears his throat.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (using The Voice)
dialog: Remove her gag!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Excellent!
text: Guard #1 finds himself removing Jessica's gag.
text: Guard #2 turns away from his controls but seems
text: powerless to stop him. Once, it's off Jessica
text: smiles seductively and writhes on the `thopter
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (CONT'D)
dialog: (The Voice)
dialog: There's no need to fight over me.
text: The two men stare at one another a moment. Then
text: Guard #1's hand, glinting silver, flashes into Guard
text: #2's chest, killing him. Guard #1 pulls the knife
text: out, smiling. The ornithopter begins to veer off
text: into a dangerous nose dive.
speaker_heading: HARKONNEN GUARD #1
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (The Voice)
dialog: First cut my son's bonds.
dialog: --
text: Guard #1 slowly cuts Paul's big straps, never taking
text: his eyes off Jessica. The ornithopter gets closer
text: and closer to the top jagged surface of the Shield
dialog: Wall.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (CONT'D)
dialog: (The Voice)
dialog: That's it.
text: The blade cuts through the strap holding Paul's
text: legs. Paul kicks upwards extremely powerfully and
text: his foot breaks through the man's chest cavity and
text: drives his heart up into his head, spewing blood out
text: the man's mouth. Paul grabs the controls but it's
text: too late. The ship falls into the rock.
scene_heading: 130A. EXT. HARKONNEN ORNITHOPTER - DESERT - NIGHT
text: The `thopter slides across the rock, shearing off a
text: wing. Suddenly they are beyond the rock three miles
text: above the great desert and plummeting fast toward
text: the dunes below.
scene_heading: 130. BACK TO SCENE
text: Paul pulls desperately on the controls and manages
text: to keep the ship aloft and flying into the deep
dialog: desert.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Oh, my God!
dialog: 131. through 131A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 131B. EXT. PALACE - ARRAKEEN - NIGHT
text: CU violently burning palm.
scene_heading: 133. BACK TO SCENE
text: Nefud exits - TWO HARKONNENS wheel in the stretcher,
text: and swing it round - one of the GUARDS hands Piter
text: his knife back - the Guards exit and the door closes
text: - Piter moves up to Duke Leto and leans over him
text: moving his knife across the Duke's face.
text: The Baron flies down to the stretcher.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: Duke Leto Atreides. Someone's torn the
dialog: insignia off your uniform. Such
dialog: carelessness.
text: Leto shows no sign that he has heard.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PITER
dialog: It was Feyd.
dialog: Leto's POV: The Baron and his Mentat are only DIM
text: FARAWAY SHAPES. Their voices reach Leto as if
text: travelling across a greater distance. The Baron
text: looks to Leto and then moves to him, looking him
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: It was Feyd?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: It was Feyd! Where is the ducal signet
dialog: ring? I must have his ring.
speaker_heading: PITER
dialog: The ring?... he was brought to us as is,
dialog: Baron. I...
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: You killed the doctor too soon, you fool!
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Yueh... Yueh... dead... Paul and Jessica
dialog: safe... the tooth!
speaker_heading: PITER
dialog: He's coming round, my Lord.
text: The Baron moves from behind a table stacked with
text: dirty dishes and foodstuffs and goes to Leto.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Wait... he must be near...
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: Where is your ring?
text: The Baron's face is now very close to Duke Leto's.
speaker_heading: BARON (CONT'D)
dialog: You do not answer!
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: (very faint)
dialog: A... little... closer.... The... water...
dialog: of my life... for Paul.
text: The Baron briefly wonders at these words and then
text: turns to Piter.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: He's crying!
dialog: (he hits Duke Leto)
dialog: He's crying! He's crying, Piter. What
dialog: does he mean?
text: Piter moves forward. The Baron sees a suculent
text: piece of chicken skin on the table. He picks up the
text: plate, then the chicken skin.
text: Leto's POV: It's grown HAZY again. The Baron is
text: beginning to move away, reaching for the small piece
text: of chicken skin. Piter leans close to Leto.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO
dialog: Now!
text: We hear a CRUNCH, hear a tumultuous RUSHING SOUND as
text: Piter's face is pushed forcibly away. The Baron is
text: turning, a dumbfounded look on his face. He drops
text: the plate, and backs away.
text: There is a tremendous ROARING. Bits of visions of
text: Caladan rush through Leto's ever-darkening
dialog: consciousness --
speaker_heading: MENTAL IMAGES:
dialog: 134. through 134A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 134B. EXT. CLIFF WALL - CALADAN - DAY
text: The Atreides banner, the green of it, then the
text: black. The blackness flaps; then all fades to
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
scene_heading: 135. INT. HARKONNEN ORNITHOPTER - NIGHT
text: As they fly deeper into the desert with the ship
text: shuddering and straining, Jessica suddenly cries out
text: with tremendous premonition and fear.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Leto! Leto!
text: Tears course down her cheeks as Paul turns to her.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: Leto! He's dead! He's dead...
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I have NO FEELINGS!! Why?
scene_heading: 136. INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: Duke Leto and Piter lie dead.
scene_heading: 137. INT. ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: The Baron floats near the ceiling in a small
text: passageway. He is ecstatic.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: I'm alive!!! I'm alive!!!
scene_heading: 137A. INT. HARKONNEN `THOPTER - NIGHT
text: Paul is fighting the controls of the Harkonnen
text: `thopter.
speaker_heading: 137B. CLEAN POV
text: Harkonnen `thopter lights on dunes.
scene_heading: 137A. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I can't maintain any altitude... we'll
dialog: never reach the safety of rock. Maybe
dialog: that small rock.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Where are we do you think?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The South Polar regions... the forbidden
dialog: area. We must make it to that rock...
scene_heading: 137C. EXT. HARKONNEN `THOPTER - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: The `thopter violently hits the sands and flips up -
text: - almost turning over. It falls slowly back, then
text: slides down the side of a dune.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 137D. EXT. HARKONNEN ORNITHOPTER - DESERT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hurry!
text: He jumps out of his seat.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Bring these satchels!
text: She hands him one.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (at doorway)
dialog: Hurry -- This crashing may bring a worm.
text: As Paul puts the satchel over his shoulder, he feels
text: something. He looks at his father's ring. He
text: stares at it silently, then closes his hand around
text: it. They jump outside.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (starting to cry)
dialog: A million deaths are not enough for
dialog: Yueh...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)(reacting to his
dialog: mother's tears)
dialog: Where are my feelings... I feel for no
dialog: one...
scene_heading: 138. EXT. ROCK - DESERT - NIGHT
text: Paul and Jessica running. Paul pulls Jessica to a
text: place in the wall where a small overhang offers
text: shelter. Jessica falls to the ground. She CRIES,
text: pouring out her grief, but soon the sound of it is
text: carried away by the building rush of WIND. Paul
text: turns and looks out to the open desert, this portion
dialog: of which is a dust ocean.
speaker_heading: 138A. PAUL'S POV:
text: The Mouse Moon has risen.
text: Ripples of dust undulate tide-like in the light of
text: the moon. The WHISPERING grains billow up like the
text: foam of waves as they hit the rock.
scene_heading: 138. BACK TO SCENE
text: Paul turns, his face illuminated by the two moons
text: above. His eyes lock on the moon which has the
text: image of the mouse.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: The second moon... from the dreams...
scene_heading: 138B. INT. PAUL'S EYE - NIGHT
text: We move into Paul's eye, where the mouse moon appear
text: and revolves slowly. The moon begins to explode.
text: The pieces of the moon soar toward us burning with
text: white-hot flames. Within the flames we see...
dialog: 139. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 139A. EXT. ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: ... the burning Palace of Arrakeen. We move closer
dialog: to it.
scene_heading: 189B. INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN PALACE - NIGHT
text: We then see Duke Leto's face. The Baron leans over
text: the Duke and clutches the skin on the Duke's face.
text: He begins pulling it. The skin on the Duke's race
text: slowly rips open -- making a hideous tearing SOUND.
text: Black SMOKE issues forth from the hole which teats
dialog: larger.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: (distorted)
text: House Atreides is ruined.
dialog: (less distorted)
dialog: This moon holds my past.
scene_heading: 139C. INT. VESTIBULE - OBSERVATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: Inside and through the SMOKE Paul sees Feyd tear the
text: Red Duke insignia off his father's uniform. He sees
text: Feyd laughing. The moving, now-brilliant red hawk
dialog: insignia becomes...
scene_heading: 139D. EXT. CASTLE CALADAN - NIGHT
text: ... a burning meteor ROARING over the castle on
text: Caladan. The meteor crashes in the black sea.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: This moon holds my future.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 139E. INT. WATER - NIGHT
text: Foaming confusion turning into a small, twisting
text: fetus under the sea. Its eyes closed. Moving close
text: to it, its eyes snap open. Through the eyes is the
text: pale white face of JESSICA.
scene_heading: 139F. EXT. SHIELD WALL - DESERT - NIGHT
text: There is a huge soaring WIND sound and beyond
text: JESSICA the dunes roll like ocean waves.
scene_heading: 139G. EXT. MOUSE MOON - NIGHT
text: The moon continues to spew out pieces of moving
text: images which are seen then disappear as fast as
text: sparks. The broken, burning pieces float eerily
text: toward us over the undulating dunes below. One
text: image floats closer. It is a hand folded into a
dialog: fist.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: I am only a seed...
text: The fist begins to open.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO (V.O.)
dialog: The seed must grow.
text: The hand opens fully with slow blue fluid pulsating
text: out the very center of the palm. The hand floats
text: eerily forward.
speaker_heading: DUKE LETO (V.O.)
text: The sleeper must awaken.
scene_heading: 139H. EXT. WATER - NIGHT
text: The last image which passes is foaming and spitting
text: dark blue water. As the image passes, the black
text: smoke trailing behind it obscures the picture to
dialog: blackness.
scene_heading: 140. EXT. ROCK - DESERT - NIGHT
text: Through the darkness we move to Paul's clenched
text: hand. It opens, revealing the signet ring in the
text: very center of his palm. Paul looks upward to the
text: moons of Arrakis. He looks back to the ring, then
text: to his mother.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Listen to me!... you wanted to know about
dialog: my dreams... and I've just had a waking
dialog: dream... do you know why?...
dialog: --
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Calm yourself/
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The spice! It's in everything here. The
dialog: air, the soil, the food... It's like the
dialog: Truthsayer drug..... It's a poison!!!!
dialog: You knew the spice would change me. But
dialog: thanks to your teachings it's changed my
dialog: consciousness. I can see it... I can see
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Is he....?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You carry my unborn sister in your womb!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: He knows.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You and your Bene Gesserit sisterhood...
dialog: I'm not your Kwisatz Haderach... I'm
dialog: something different, something unexpected!
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I'm a seed.
dialog: (out load)
dialog: I am so much more... You don't begin to
dialog: know me...
dialog: 141. through 142A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 142B. EXT. ROCK - DESERT - NIGHT
text: Paul's head goes down. He places the ring on his
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Father... now I have become a killer and I
dialog: will continue to kill until I have avenged
dialog: your death.
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Father!
text: Jessica cries as she stares at her son.
dialog: 143. through 143A. (Deleted)
dialog: --
scene_heading: 145. BACK TO SCENE
text: Rabban stops up the ramp. He wears a large smile.
text: His thick head sweats and sweat runs down his thick
text: neck. He goes inside and the doors swing closed.
scene_heading: 146. INT. HARKONNEN SHIP - NIGHT
text: He enters the ship and moves down within to the
text: Baron's headquarters, passing two dwarves cooking a
text: dead legless cow which hangs from chains. Rabban
text: tears out the cow's tongue and eats it. Then he
text: exits through a door which closes behind him.
scene_heading: 147. INT. BARON'S QUARTERS - HARKONNEN SHIP - NIGHT
text: The Baron is flying wildly, circling the outside of
text: a large steel shower, while Nefud and a DWARF play a
text: strange instrument producing maniacal, perverse,
text: screaming MUSIC. The Baron SEES Rabban enter, but
text: continues to fly around the shower.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: (very excited)
dialog: Rabban!!... we're knee deep in Atreides
dialog: blood! We've gutted them. We've gutted
dialog: them!
dialog: (laughs)
text: The Baron floats to Rabban and begins lovingly
text: massaging Rabban's massive neck as he speaks to him.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: Rabban, Rabban... I place you in charge
dialog: of Arrakis. It's yours to squeeze, as I
dialog: promised. I want you to squeeze and
dialog: squeeze and squeeze.
dialog: (massaging in rhythm)
dialog: Give me spice! Drive them into utter
dialog: submission. You must not show the
dialog: slightest pity or mercy... as only you
dialog: can... Never stop!
dialog: (releasing him)
dialog: Go.... Show no mercy!
speaker_heading: RABBAN
dialog: Yes, my lord Baron.
text: Rabban leaves just as Feyd steps out of the shower.
text: The Baron turns to him lovingly.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: (to Feyd)
dialog: And when we've crushed these people enough
dialog: I'll send in you Feyd... they'll cheer you
dialog: as a rescuer... lovely Feyd... really a
dialog: lovely boy.
text: (suddenly he smiles and screams)
dialog: Where's my doctor?
scene_heading: 148. INT. HARKONNEN SHIP - NIGHT
text: As Rabban leaves, he looks into one room of the
text: ship. Behind the glass porthole sits Thufir Hawat
text: bound head and foot, his eyes darting this way and
dialog: that.
scene_heading: 148A. EXT. ROCK - DESERT - NIGHT
text: Paul and Jessica are in stillsuits. Paul is looking
text: through a Fremkit. He finds a paper with Dr. Yueh's
text: mark on it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Yueh's left the plans for the weirding
dialog: modules.
scene_heading: 148B. EXT. MOONS - ARRAKEEN - DESERT - NIGHT
text: The moons have moved further across the sky.
scene_heading: 148A. BACK TO SCENE
text: Suddenly Paul turns and studies his mother. A
text: stronger WIND comes up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We have to get to that mountain of rock.
dialog: We have entered the time when all will
dialog: turn against us and seek our lives...
text: Jessica gets up. They make their way up the crest
text: of a dune by a small rock.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: It's further than I thought... a worm is
dialog: sure to come.... I'll plant a thumper,
dialog: that should divert it.
dialog: --
text: Paul moves off into the shadows. Suddenly, Jessica
text: SEES a burst of LIGHTNING illuminate the mountain of
text: rock in the distant and the vast dunes before them.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (CONT'D)
dialog: (inner voice)(as Paul leaves to light
dialog: the thumper)
text: ...the night is a tunnel... a hole into
dialog: tomorrow... if we're to have a tomorrow...
dialog: 149. through 151. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 151A. EXT. DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: Paul plants the thumper which begins a powerful
text: rhythmic noise. He turns to Jessica.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (returning)
dialog: Remember... walk without rhythm and we
dialog: won't attract a worm... it'll go to the
dialog: thumper.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (puts in her noseplug)
dialog: I'm ready.
text: Paul and Jessica move into camera and exit right.
scene_heading: 151B. EXT. DEEP DESERT AND ROCKS - NIGHT
text: Another burst of LIGHTNING. The distant rock seems
text: to have grown no larger. Their muscles begin to
text: ache. Suddenly they HEAR the thumper start behind
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Keep going...
scene_heading: 152. EXT. DEEP DESERT AND ROCKS - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Their breathing becomes very labored. The sand
text: moves like slow water, forever rolling down and up.
text: Then they hear the worm, the low thundering HISS
text: shaking the tonnage of sand. The thumper stops.
text: Paul turns.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Faster!!
dialog: --
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: It's deafening!
text: Their bodies ache and they feel like dropping, yet
text: the cliff is still a good distance away. The worm
text: SOUND grows louder and Paul turns to look.
scene_heading: 153. EXT. WORM - DESERT - NIGHT
text: A flash of LIGHTNING. The worm is now coming toward
text: them. The mound of sand over the worm is enormous
text: and is approaching at a terrifyingly fast speed.
dialog: The power of this worm is awesome.
scene_heading: 153A. EXT. DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Run!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I can't... I can't.
text: She turns to see. Then she runs.
scene_heading: 153B. EXT. DRUM SAND - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: All at once their feet tromp down on firmer sand.
text: The SOUND is very loud.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Drum sand!
text: The DRUMMING sound ECHOES deep within the ground.
text: Jessica falls. Paul stops and drags her up. They
text: run again. The worm SOUND becomes unbearably loud.
text: Static electricity SPARKS giant bolts of pure white
text: LIGHTNING and the air turns to ozone. Finally they
text: find rock. Behind them the SOUND of the worm
text: changes. They turn.
scene_heading: 154. EXT. WORM - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: The gigantic head of the worm is just breaking
text: through the sand. The mouth begins to open in an
text: eighty-foot circle of teeth and darkness. The mouth
text: arches forward searching for them.
scene_heading: 155. EXT. BASE OF THE CLIFF - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: Paul and Jessica climb up and up inside a narrow
text: slit of rock.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 155A. INT. ROCK CLIFF - DESERT - NIGHT
text: The worm's mouth climbs higher also but it cannot
text: penetrate the narrow opening in the rock.
scene_heading: 156. EXT. ROCK CLIFF - NIGHT
text: Paul and Jessica have scrambled upwards a couple of
text: hundred feet.
scene_heading: 156A. EXT. WORM AND ROCK - NIGHT
text: Still the worm stretches up to them. Suddenly the
text: worm begins BANGING on the rock. Huge SHUDDERS
text: drive through the black stone. Over and over again
text: the worm mindlessly hits at the rock.
scene_heading: 156B. EXT. ROCK CLIFF - NIGHT
text: Paul and Jessica crouch further back in the tiny
text: passageway of safety, but a solid back wall of rock
text: prevents them from moving back any more.
scene_heading: 156C. INT. ROCK CLIFF - NIGHT
text: The breath from the worm is like a hurricane of
speaker_heading: WIND.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Cinnamon... the spice!
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Do you smell it?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I know the secret. The worm is the
dialog: spice... the spice is the worm.
dialog: 157. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 157A. EXT. ROCK CLIFF - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: Suddenly a colossal section of the rock wall cracks
text: and topples off into the worm's mouth. Instantly
text: the worm pulls back. A huge FIRE roars deep within
text: the worm consuming the rock.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 158. INT. ROCK CLIFF - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: The worm now can get even closer to Paul and
text: Jessica. It looms up again and crushes its mouth up
text: against the rock.
scene_heading: 158A. EXT. ROCK CLIFF - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: Another fissure opens, and suddenly half the rock
text: wall protecting them splits off entirely and
text: falls... taking Paul with it.
scene_heading: 158B. EXT. WORM AND ROCK - NIGHT
dialog: ...against the worm.
scene_heading: 159. EXT. ROCK CLIFF - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: Paul is knocked off the cliff and falls straight
text: down two hundred feet. His feet skid along the face
text: of rock. He bounces and brakes. He hits and jumps.
text: He careens from one boulder, flies upside down,
text: rights himself then tumbles and skids into the sand.
text: Unhurt, he jumps up and scrambles up another part of
dialog: the rock to safety.
scene_heading: 160. EXT. ROCK CLIFF - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Paul!
text: She presses against the narrow ledge that is left
dialog: after the worm assault.
scene_heading: 161. EXT. BASE OF THE CLIFF - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: The worm is just coming up again when distant
text: THUMPING is heard. The worm, as if charmed by the
text: sound, turns and moves off towards it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
text: A thumper.
speaker_heading: 161A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 162. EXT. ROCK CLIFF - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: Jessica climbs further up and manages to get over to
text: a place where she can meet up with Paul, who is now
text: climbing back.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (crying)
dialog: What's happened?... Why did it leave?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (breathing heavily)
dialog: Someone started another thumper.... We're
dialog: not alone.
text: They climb upwards until the ledge ends at the mouth
text: of a dark crevice. Paul and Jessica try to see into
text: the inky black hole.
scene_heading: 163. EXT. CREVICE - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: Slowly Paul and Jessica enter, inching forward. A
text: low moan of WIND comes up. Paul can see nothing,
text: then suddenly he SEES stars above and SEES the hint
text: of stairs cut into the rock.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (whispering)
text: Man-carved steps.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Yes...
text: They climb the steps and enter an extremely narrow
text: dark channel of stone. As they make their way
text: through the rock, suddenly there is a burst of
text: lightning which illuminates a whole troop of Fremen
text: standing silently in front of them.
scene_heading: 164. EXT. FREMEN PLACE - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: Perhaps these are the ones Mapes told us
dialog: of.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: (to Jessica)
dialog: Are you trained in the ways of the desert?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No, but many consider my training
dialog: valuable.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: I will take the boy-man... he shall have
dialog: sanctuary in my tribe...
dialog: --
text: A LOW NOTE on a dip stick is blown by one of the
text: Fremen tribe. Jessica shifts, Paul sees it, and
text: just as Stilgar begins a reach for his weapon,
text: Jessica turns, slashes out, utters a SOUND, whirls
text: again and with rock behind her holds Stilgar
text: helpless in front of her -- her hand at his throat.
text: Paul moves on her first move. He races up a rocky
dialog: incline.
scene_heading: 165. EXT. CLIFF - FREMEN PLACE - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: He then jumps higher up and presses himself between
text: two rocks on a low cliff overlooking the rest of the
dialog: Fremen troop.
scene_heading: 166. EXT. FREMEN PLACE - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: The troop starts shooting projectile weapons in
text: Paul's direction.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: Stop! Get back!! She has the weirding
dialog: way. Why didn't you tell us! Great
dialog: gods... if you can do this to the
dialog: strongest of us you're worth ten times
dialog: your weight of water. As a leader of my
dialog: people I give you my bond: teach us this
dialog: weirding way and you both shall have
dialog: sanctuary. Your water shall mingle with
dialog: our water.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Then I will teach you our way of
dialog: battle.... you have the word bond of a
dialog: Bene Gesserit.
speaker_heading: A FREMEN
dialog: It is the legend.
scene_heading: 167. EXT. CLIFF - FREMEN PLACE - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
text: Up on the rock, Paul turns. He takes a step, then
text: notices a small figure standing in front of him. It
dialog: is a girl.
speaker_heading: CHANI
dialog: I am Chani, daughter of Liet.... I would
dialog: not have permitted you to harm my tribe.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: From my dream... so beautiful. Liet....
dialog: is this Kynes' daughter?
text: Paul stares at her in wonder.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: CHANI
dialog: Come with me. I'll show you an easier way
dialog: down.
text: They exit.
scene_heading: 168. EXT. FREMEN PLACE - DEEP DESERT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: (to Paul, as they meet)
dialog: You have strength... real strength... You
dialog: shall be known as Usul, which is the
dialog: strength of the base of the pillar. This
dialog: is your secret name in our troop. But you
dialog: must choose the name of manhood which we
dialog: will call you openly.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: What do you call the mouse shadow in the
dialog: second moon?
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: We call that one Muad'dib.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Could I be known as Paul Muad'dib?
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: You are Paul Muad'dib, and your mother
dialog: shall be a Sayyadina among us.... We
dialog: welcome you.
text: Wind blows a cloud of dust through the rock. High
text: above the moon with the mouse shadow glows
text: brilliantly. It dissolves into the sun.
scene_heading: 168A. EXT. DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: Paul, Jessica and the Fremen march through the
dialog: dunes.
dialog: 171. through 171B. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 172. EXT. DEEP DESERT - DUSK/SUNSET
text: HEAT WAVES and sand dunes. Mysterious SOUNDS echo
text: in the distance as the giant sun is setting.
text: Chani takes Paul to the top of a dune. They stare
text: at the sunset and a huge rock outcropping in the
dialog: distance.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: CHANI
dialog: Seitch Tabr.
text: Paul looks at the rock, then turns to her.
speaker_heading: CHANI (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me of your homeworld, Usul.
text: These words rend Paul's soul. He cannot speak. He
text: reaches out and touches her hand - her cheek.
dialog: 173. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 174. INT. ENTRANCE - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: The Fremen troop enters into a large square room
text: with slot passageways going off in various
dialog: directions.
scene_heading: 175. INT. PASSAGEWAY - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: They all move down one of the passageways which are
text: beautifully but very plainly cut with lasguns. They
text: are like passages in the pyramids, dark with sharp
text: turns and inclines upwards or downwards, some very
text: steep and long, and others descending hundreds of
text: feet. There is a strong, moaning WIND.
dialog: 176. through 177. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 178. INT. PASSAGEWAY/STAIRS - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: A quiet WIND can be heard -- deep and moaning.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Moisture...
text: She looks at Paul. He, too, notices.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Wind traps... huge ones.
text: Down a long, sloping, narrow passageway they go
text: until they reach a stairway cut into the stone. It
text: is very dark and gets increasingly darker as they
text: descend. The WIND sound grows. The air grows
text: colder and damper. Paul and Jessica share another
text: questioning look. At the bottom of the stairs they
text: pass through a narrow slot doorway which suddenly
text: opens out on something so totally unexpected it
text: shocks Paul.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 179. INT. RESERVOIR -SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: It is enormous, deep reservoir of black water
text: sitting silently in the depths of this sietch and
text: stretching out into the darkness.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Water on Arrakis!!!
dialog: I have seen this place in a dream.
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: A treasure.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: Greater than treasure, Usul. We have
text: thousands of such caches. Only a few of
dialog: us know them all. When we have enough...
dialog: we shall change the face of Arrakis.
dialog: Listen!...
text: There is the sound of water dripping. The lights
text: are extinguished - reflections play on Paul's face.
speaker_heading: STILGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: The Rocks of Arrakis hold many secrets.
dialog: 179A. through 180 (Deleted)
scene_heading: 180A. REVISED SCENE - HALL OF RITES
text: Thousands of Fremen wait below. Paul enters a rock
text: ledge, guided by two monks, which is crowded with
text: Fremen and old Fremen Monks. Below the crowds
text: continue to watch and wait while a giant wind organ
text: moans. A Monk steps up to Paul.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: We sense that you may be the "voice from
dialog: the outer world". Both moons told us of
dialog: you. You must pass tests before we will
dialog: know... you must conquer the beast of the
text: desert, both his outer and his deadly
dialog: inner powers.
dialog: (moves back)
dialog: Speak to us... from the outer world.
text: Paul turns and gathers courage to address the
dialog: multitude below.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I am only a seed.
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: I am Usul... Paul Muad'dib.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: CROWDS
dialog: (loud murmur)
dialog: Muad'dib!
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: The legend.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: No one ever dreamed there would be so
dialog: many.
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Our shared enemy the Harkonnens, are once
text: again in control of Arrakis. Stilgar,
dialog: your leader, has asked me and my mother to
dialog: crush the Harkonnens. We must do more
dialog: than this. We must totally destroy all
dialog: spice production on Arrakis. The Guild
dialog: and the entire universe depends on spice.
dialog: "He who can destroy a thing, controls a
dialog: thing".
dialog: I will take one hundred of your warriors
dialog: and train them. This one hundred will
dialog: train the thousands that remain. When the
text: spice flow stops, all eyes will turn to
dialog: Arrakis. The Baron and the Emperor
dialog: himself will be forced to deal with us.
dialog: Arrakis will become the center of the
dialog: Universe.
dialog: (inner voice)
text: The dream unfolds.
dialog: 181. through 181A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 182. INT. TRAINING ROOM - SIETCH TABR - DAY
text: Large room with a low ceiling. A drummer playing
text: makes a low ECHOING MUSICAL HIT. A big block of
text: stone is moved across coarse sand -- back and forth
text: -- fast. A rhythm is started -- powerful. Paul
text: enters, pauses and looks to Jessica - he stands in
text: front of over 100 Fremen men. Jessica sits behind
text: him alongside Stilgar.
text: A large rock obelisk has been placed near Paul for
dialog: this demonstration.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The weirding way has long been a Bene
dialog: Gesserit secret. With my mother's help,
dialog: my father isolated an element of the
dialog: weirding way and externalised it.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Because of the Harkonnen treachery, my
dialog: father's armies were never able to fully
dialog: develop this new form. This is what I
dialog: will teach you. You will be the fiercest
dialog: and most feared fighters in the Universe.
dialog: Our way of battle is built on rhythm. You
dialog: understand rhythm like this but you do not
dialog: yet understand the rhythm of the higher
dialog: sounds, sounds that heal and build...
text: sounds that destroy. Motion is the base.
dialog: You understand the motion... but you do
dialog: not yet understand the motion that heals
dialog: and builds... motions that destroy...
dialog: Orato!
dialog: (he moves forward)
dialog: This obelisk is of your hardest stone.
dialog: Kick it...
text: (he does -- the rock doesn't move)
dialog: Hit it...
text: (he does -- the rock doesn't move)
dialog: Yell at it...
speaker_heading: ORATO
dialog: Break!
text: The Fremen laugh -- the rock doesn't move.
text: A Fremen with a lasgun tries to cut it. Paul
text: motions him back, slightly.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Move back!
text: Paul also moves back. He switches on his weirding
text: module. He opens his mouth and makes a small SOUND,
text: which the module amplifies.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Chuksa!
text: The sound shatters the obelisk to pieces. The one
text: hundred Fremen YELL with surprise and awe.
speaker_heading: 100 FREMEN
dialog: Achiii!
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: This is part of the weirding way that we
dialog: will teach you. Some thoughts have a
dialog: certain sound... that being the equivalent
dialog: to a form. Through sound and motion you
dialog: will be able to paralyze nerves, shatter
text: bones, set fires, suffocate an enemy or
dialog: burst his organs.... We will kill until
text: no Harkonnen breathes Arrakeen air.
speaker_heading: 100 FREMEN
dialog: Muad'dib!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: To avenge my father, I will turn you into
text: killing machines.
text: Stilgar turns to Jessica.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: Sayyadina. Our Reverend Mother tells me
dialog: she is too old... She has been calling
dialog: through space and time for you to come and
dialog: let her rest. She asks that you pass
dialog: within.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: They want me to take the Water of Life...
dialog: the Truthsayer drug... so dangerous,
dialog: yet... we must move swiftly if we're to
dialog: secure our place among these Fremen.
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: I will try to pass within.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: Death may be the result.... Are you sure?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: I must do this for Paul, but what of my
dialog: unborn child?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 183. through 187. (Deleted)
dialog: --
scene_heading: 188. INT. ROCK LEDGE - HALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Fremen carry the Fremen REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO in
text: on a litter. The old Reverend Mother is old a frail
text: yet extremely beautiful and mysterious. She turns
text: to Paul and Jessica with a strange look.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO
dialog: (to Jessica, in an ancient voice)
dialog: So you are the ones.
text: She turns away towards the monks who are very busy
text: blowing horns and waving pots of burning spice,
text: purifying the area of the rite. Several Fremen blow
text: on dip sticks and a FEMALE CHOIR begins a haunting
text: chorale as the giant pipe organ blows beautiful low
dialog: notes below.
text: Paul looks to his mother.
text: He then sees Chani.
dialog: CU Chani.
text: CU Paul -- he cannot stop looking at her.
text: Stilgar motions to Paul.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: (whispering to Paul)
dialog: Do you know the Water of Life?... Come...
dialog: ...Watch... the mystery of mysteries...
text: the end and the beginning.
text: He shows Paul through a narrow passageway -- almost
text: a slot through the stone to a small room. Through
text: an opening in the stone wall, Paul is shown a very
text: strange and somewhat horrifying scene.
scene_heading: 189. INT. BABY WORM - MAKER ROOM - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: A thirty-foot baby worm is being lowered into a
text: stone chamber. The chamber is then covered with a
text: wire top. Valves are turned and water rushes into
text: the chamber. The worm begins to writhe violently
text: and leap and bang against the bars above. The worm
text: begins to turn inside out from the mouth back and it
text: begins to gag. Some monks and watermasters quickly
text: drain the stone chamber and wrench the worm out
text: using large steel hooks. They hold the worm above a
text: large tub. A watermaster-reed man runs a long reed
text: in to the worm, causing it to spasm and gag up a
text: beautiful deep blue bile as it dies.
scene_heading: 189A. INT. MAKER ROOM - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: The bile and worm water are combined in ceremonial
text: containers. Paul turns to Stilgar.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: The Water of Life.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: The most lethal poison in the Universe.
text: Then we HEAR from Paul's memory his conversation
dialog: with the Reverend Mother:
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: ... Many men have tried.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did they try and fail?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: They tried and died.
scene_heading: 190. INT. ROCK LEDGE - HALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Stilgar and Paul return to the ledge above the Hall
text: of Rites. A MONK PRIEST steps forward, addresses
text: the crowd, silencing them. The other monks move
text: back carrying their smoking cleansing bags.
speaker_heading: MONK #1
dialog: One among us has consented to enter the
text: rite. She will attempt to pass within
dialog: that we not lose the strength of our
dialog: Reverend Mother.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)(turning to his mother)
dialog: What if she should fail?
text: He brings the jug close to Jessica.
speaker_heading: MONK #1
dialog: Drink!
text: Jessica drinks.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: The ultimate awareness spectrum narcotic.
dialog: I must transform the poison configuration
dialog: within my body... the blue must be made
dialog: clean.
text: She swallows. Her body contorts and spasms
text: violently. She screams. The Reverend Mother
text: screams with her.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: 191 (Deleted)
scene_heading: 192. INT. ROCK LEDGE - HALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: We see Jessica sitting, shoulders tight and spasming
text: -- straining, her eyelids half-closed and
dialog: flickering.
dialog: 193. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 194. INT. ROCK LEDGE - HALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: The old Reverend Mother slowly extends a hand toward
text: Jessica's shoulder.
scene_heading: 195. JESSICA - MENTAL IMAGE
text: Inside Jessica, we see the Reverend Mother Ramallo's
text: hand descend through the dark void. Shimmering
text: water starts to ripple, lightly stirring an image of
dialog: Jessica.
text: As the hand penetrates, something deep within her
text: starts to GLOW. It is a fetus, a female. The
text: Reverend Mother Ramallo's hand flinches as it
text: touches the fetus. The fetus sparks to life -
text: screaming and rapidly spasming upwards on its
text: umbilical cord.
speaker_heading: 195A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 196. INT. ROCK LEDGE - WALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO
text: (whispering urgently into Jessica's
dialog: ear)
dialog: You should have told us.
scene_heading: 197. JESSICA'S MENTAL IMAGE - FETUS
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO (V.O.)
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Great Mother! This changes both! What
dialog: have we done?
dialog: --
scene_heading: 197A. INT. THE TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Jessica and the fetus rush mentally through a dark
text: strangely worm-like tunnel until suddenly, a gaping
text: black hole appears. A horrible WIND, SPARKS and
text: circles of expanding light issues from it.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (V.O)
dialog: (inner voice)(fearful)
dialog: No! This is the place where we cannot
dialog: look. The place only for the eyes of the
dialog: Kwisatz Haderach.
scene_heading: 197B. THE FETUS - NIGHT
text: The fetus twists down the tunnel to join Jessica,
text: her umbilical cord trailing behind. She SCREAMS as
text: she looks into the hole.
scene_heading: 197C. THE NAVIGATOR - NIGHT
text: She and Jessica see a shape moving deep within the
text: windy hole. It is a Third Stage Navigator, ROARING.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What is this?... Is this what kills the
dialog: men who enter here?
text: She quickly takes the fetus back up the tunnel. As
dialog: they move:
speaker_heading: JESSICA (V.O.)(CONT'D)
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Now my daughter and I are both Reverend
dialog: Mothers.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO (V.O.)
dialog: (distant)
dialog: I've been a long time waiting for you.
dialog: Here is my life.
scene_heading: 198. INT. ROCK LEDGE - HALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: The old Reverend Mother Ramallo slumps forward onto
text: the stone, dead. The crowd waits. The corpse is
text: tenderly removed. Jessica very slowly opens her
text: eyes and looks about her. The monk holds the jug to
text: her lips.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: Change it that we may all drink of it.
dialog: --
text: Jessica spews water into the spout. The monk swirls
text: the jug, sniffs at the spout and then drinks.
speaker_heading: MONK (CONT'D)
dialog: It is changed!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: She did it!
scene_heading: 199. INT. HALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: The Fremen suddenly turn their attention to Paul....
text: They whisper "It is the prophecy!" They soon begin
text: to CHANT... "Muad'dib.... Muad'dib" over and over
text: again. The chanting sounds fill the hall along with
text: the ghostly wind organ.
dialog: 200. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 201. INT. HALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: Down below, the crowds continue CHANTING "Muad'dib,
dialog: Muad'dib."
scene_heading: 202. INT. ROCK LEDGE - HALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Paul continues to stare at Chani. He moves to her.
text: Chani turns. Paul is at her side. Their eyes meet
dialog: and lock.
speaker_heading: CHANI
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Come with me.
scene_heading: 203. INT. PASSAGEWAY ON ROCK LEDGE - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: At the end of the dark black corridor, Chani turns
text: and she and Paul fall together in a long kiss filled
dialog: with love.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Chani.... I love you... I've always loved
dialog: you....
dialog: --
dialog: 204. through 209. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 169. INT. STAIRCASE - GEIDI PRIME - DAY
text: The Baron and Feyd descend several steps into a
text: darker area of Geidi Prime. Feyd is carrying a
text: strange creature in a small wire cage. The Baron is
text: floating as he descends.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: (takes a drink)
text: Feyd, even though he's aging, Thufir is
dialog: one of the finest Mentats in the
dialog: Universe... and he's mine, Feyd... all
dialog: mine.... Quiet now.
speaker_heading: FEYD
dialog: I will.
scene_heading: 170. INT. BASEMENT ROOM - GEIDI PRIME - DAY
text: Nefud stands eating candies behind Thufir's chair.
text: Nefud has a stun gun, even though Thufir's hands are
text: tied. The Baron enters with Feyd.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: Oh Thufir, I see they've installed your
dialog: heart plug already.... Don't be angry.
dialog: Everyone gets one here. But this is not
dialog: why we're here. We've brought you a
dialog: little cat, Thufir. You must care for it
dialog: if you wish to live. A poison has been
dialog: introduced into you, Thufir Hawat. By
dialog: milking this smooth little cat body each
dialog: day you receive your antidote... it must
dialog: be done each day.... Also, you must do
dialog: something for me if you wish to live. You
dialog: know I lost Piter, my dear Mentat...
text: Thufir gives the Baron a weak, wide-eyed stare.
speaker_heading: FEYD
dialog: All I can see is an Atreides that I want
dialog: to kill.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: Feyd, no, no! Thufir's a Harkonnen now,
dialog: aren't you Thufir?
speaker_heading: THUFIR
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: My dear Duke... how I have failed you.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 211. INT. JESSICA'S ROOM - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: Jessica's face shows signs of straining. Women move
text: around her, Chani and Harah at her side, helping her
text: give birth. Suddenly ALIA is born and her freshly-
text: born moist body is held up in front of Jessica.
text: Alia's eyes snap open, burning brightly.
speaker_heading: HARAH
dialog: What will you call her?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Alia.
text: As they lift Alia for Jessica to see...
speaker_heading: ALIA
dialog: Mother.
scene_heading: 210. INT. TRAINING ROOM - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: Paul walks down the steps into the training room -
text: followed by Harah's two sons. He pauses at the foot
dialog: of the steps.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Activate your weirding modules...
text: Paul activates his, and the Fremens follow suit.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Set the range for two meters.
text: Paul walks down the line of Fremen.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Korba...
dialog: (points to robot)
dialog: The arm...
speaker_heading: KORBA
dialog: (aiming the module)
dialog: Chuuk-sa...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Motion... Chuuk-sa...
speaker_heading: KORBA
dialog: Chuuuk-sa...
text: He fires the module and the arm of the robot is shot
text: off. Paul smiles and hits him on the shoulder -
text: Paul walks on.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Stilgar...
text: One of the FREMEN calls out to Paul.
speaker_heading: A FREMEN
dialog: Muad'dib!...
dialog: The word `Muad'dib' causes a tremendous power to
text: build. The module shakes violently in his hand - it
text: suddenly fires upwards, and the wall explodes.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: My own name is a killing word. Will it be
dialog: a healing word as well?
scene_heading: 211A. NEW SCENE
speaker_heading: STILGAR
text: (to Paul as he applies red colour to
text: the shoulders of several large Fremen
dialog: men)
dialog: Usul... these are fifteen of our fiercest
dialog: fighters to serve you as your guard... the
dialog: Fedaykin.
text: He pauses, then holds up his brilliantly red hand.
dialog: 212. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 213. EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: An EXPLOSION. Paul turns and his eyes are totally
text: blue. He lifts binoculars to them and looks. He
text: sees the Fremen fighters below charging at the
text: Harkonnens. As the Fremen run they make powerful
text: SOUNDS with their weirding modules, exploding
text: everything in their path and catching things on
dialog: fire.
scene_heading: 213A. EXT. CARRYALL - DESERT - DAY
text: In the distance, a huge spice carryall is shot down
text: and it falls to the ground EXPLODING more violently
dialog: on impact.
scene_heading: 213. BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Now!
dialog: --
text: Stilgar signals, and Fremen run behind them.
speaker_heading: PAIL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Stilgar)
dialog: They're even better on the battlefield
dialog: than in the training rooms!!
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Sound... as a weapon. If only you could
dialog: see them, father.
text: Paul smiles as he looks at the battle in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (his V.O. from the past)
text: When the spice flow stops, the entire
text: Universe will turn to Arrakis. The Baron
dialog: and the Emperor himself will be forced to
dialog: deal with us.
scene_heading: 214. INT. PASSAGEWAYS - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: Rabban stares dumbfounded as many Harkonnen wounded
text: and dead are brought through the passageway beyond.
text: Rabban grabs a Harkonnen and asks:
speaker_heading: RABBAN
dialog: What happened? What happened to you?
dialog: What is he saying?
speaker_heading: WOUNDED HARKONNEN
text: Muad'dib!... Muad'dib!... Muad'dib!...
dialog: Muad'dib!
text: Rabban pushes him away.
scene_heading: A HARKONNEN SOLDIER
dialog: He's been repeating that name ever since
dialog: we found him.
speaker_heading: RABBAN
dialog: Who is this Muad'dib?
scene_heading: 215. EXT. DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: HEAT WAVES; dunes. A big thumper is forced into the
text: sands. A RHYTHM is heard pounding on Fremen hand
text: drums and rhythm instruments. Feet scramble. Black
text: stillsuited Fedaykin warrior bodyguards gather.
text: Stilgar turns.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: Usul... It is time you become a
dialog: sandrider... and travel as a Fremen. Take
dialog: the kiswa maker hook of our sietch and
dialog: ride as a leader of men.
dialog: 216. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 217. EXT. DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: As Paul leaves the troop to plant the second
dialog: thumper:
speaker_heading: STILGAR (V.O.)
text: Two thumpers are planted. The worm may
dialog: not surface for the first - he will rise
dialog: for the second. Remember, when the worm
dialog: approaches, you must be utterly still...
text: and close enough to plant the hook firmly
dialog: under a ring segment.... The worm will
dialog: turn to lift this exposed area as far from
dialog: the abrasive sand as possible and it will
dialog: take you with it -- to the top. Do not
text: get too close as he approaches... the sand
dialog: will engulf you.... Wait till the head of
dialog: the worm passes -- then go... quickly.
scene_heading: STILGAR &amp; FREMEN
dialog: Shai-Hulud... Shai-Hulud.
text: In the distance the telltale SOUND of the worm's
text: approach begins. This worm is deep underground and
text: the sound is low and the ground trembles violently.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Only the very strong ones travel this
dialog: deep....
text: The SOUND and VIBRATIONS continue to build. In the
text: distance, the Fedaykin and Stilgar watch.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Usul has called a big one. Again... it is
dialog: the legend.
dialog: 218. (Deleted)
dialog: --
scene_heading: 219. EXT. DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: HEAT WAVES... dunes RHYTHM. THUNDEROUS approach of
text: the worm. Paul still cannot see the worm, but the
text: sound begins to drown out the Fremen rhythm
text: instruments and the sand begins to VIBRATE.
text: Suddenly, Paul SEES...
scene_heading: 219A. EXT. WORM - DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: ...a mountain of sands rise up, towering, thundering
text: -- lightning SPARKS fissuring throughout the air
text: above the worm.
text: The mountain approaches at a terrifying speed.
text: Then, the worm appears -- rushing. The mouth, at
text: first a small opening, begins to widen -- exposing a
text: thousand glistening teeth.
scene_heading: 219B. EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Paul freezes. He lets the worm get closer and
text: closer. The HEAT WAVES distort the gigantic form,
text: making it more hideous -- more foreign. He moves
text: forward. The others watch anxiously. This worm is
text: big. It is so much larger than imaged. Its top
text: towers 125 feet in the air. The segments are each
text: ten feet wide.
scene_heading: 219C. EXT. VERTICAL SECTION OF WORM - DESERT - DAY
text: Paul gets close and running alongside, he plants the
text: hook under a segment and pulls back. The SOUND is
text: excruciatingly loud. The sand is so deep and more
text: is being thrown out beneath the body of the worm.
text: Paul gets caught in it and falls. He narrowly
text: escapes being sucked under the beast. He gets up --
text: runs again and plants the hook once more. He runs
text: faster, bending the segment open to expose the
text: tender flesh.
scene_heading: 219D. EXT. FULL-SIZE SECTION OF WORM - DESERT - DAY
text: Suddenly the worm begins to turn. Paul pulls
text: himself up the body as it turns -- holding onto the
text: hook. Soon he is fifty -- sixty -- seventy feet off
text: the ground -- going higher. The giant worm gets the
text: second thumper and Paul at that moment climbs to the
text: top. He plants the second hook.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: A sandrider!...
text: Paul works the hooks into the breathing holes along
dialog: the body...
dialog: --
scene_heading: 219E. EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: ...causing the great beast to make a slow turn
text: toward Stilgar and the bodyguard. They set
text: themselves and as the worm passes...
scene_heading: 219F. EXT. FULL-SIZE SECTION OF WORM - DESERT - DAY
text: ...they all clamber on, climbing up the sides to the
dialog: top.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Long live the fighters!
text: They return the traditional CALL and Paul steers the
text: maker in a giant circle. They head out across the
dialog: dunes.
speaker_heading: 219G. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 219I. EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Rabban and Harkonnens in the desert. Rabban
text: observes tremendous destruction of his spice
text: harvesters and carryalls.
scene_heading: 219K. EMPEROR'S WORLD REPORT
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Seventeen Great Houses of the Lansraad
dialog: have reported a significant delay in
dialog: delivery of spice per CHOAM agreement.
dialog: This constitutes a serious violation of
dialog: CHOAM codes. Contact Baron Vladimir
text: Harkonnen immediately.
scene_heading: 219H. INT. GREAT HALL - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: A furious Rabban sirs in a black steel tub in the
text: Great Hall. A squad of TROOPS stands at attention
text: in front of him, listening to his screaming fit.
speaker_heading: RABBAN
dialog: Falsify the reports. We can't hide it
dialog: all, tell them we've lost only two hundred
dialog: harvesters... and forty carryalls... and
dialog: don't let my uncle know about the
dialog: destruction of the spice silos.... I will
dialog: catch this Muad'dib and suck the blood
text: from him!! SUCK THE BLOOD FROM HIM!!!
dialog: --
dialog: 219J. through 222. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 226A. EXT. HARVESTER - DESERT - DAY
text: SMOKE billows from a burning harvester.
scene_heading: 226B. EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Fighting is going on between Fremen and some
text: smugglers. Paul moves down a smokey dune with
text: Stilgar followed by Fremen and Fedaykin.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We surprised a band of smugglers.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: (racing into thick smoke)
dialog: Too bad... thought they were Harkonnen.
text: Paul and Stilgar move through the smoke. A man runs
text: up with a maula pistol aimed at Paul but Paul spins
text: and punctures the man's chest with a sound from his
text: weirding module. Paul turns and a large figure
text: comes through the smoke. They surprise each other.
text: The figure holds a gun.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Gurney!...
text: The figure stops -- stunned.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: You've no need of your weapons with me
dialog: Gurney Halleck.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (peering; whisper of hope)
dialog: Paul!! Paul!!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don't you trust your own eyes.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: They said you were dead. They said...
text: Paul shows him the signet ring on his fingers.
text: Gurney moves forward, his eyes tearing, and the two
text: embrace each other and pound each other on the back.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: You young pup! You young pup!
dialog: --
scene_heading: 227. NEW SCENE - WORLD REPORT
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Stand-by... warning... we have just
text: received a coded threat from the Guild.
text: Spice production is in serious jeopardy...
dialog: Giedi Prime supplying false reports...
dialog: Guild to visit Emperor in one standard
dialog: day.
scene_heading: 228. INT. THRONE ROOM - EMPEROR'S PALACE - NIGHT
text: The Emperor sits on his throne. Behind him are his
text: Sardaukar officers. In front of him are several
text: Guildsmen. One holds a large electrical apparatus
text: up to the face plate of another which translates his
text: strange voice into English.
scene_heading: TANKED GUILDSMAN #2
dialog: Emperor Shaddam IV... You have one last
dialog: chance to take matters into your own hands
dialog: and bring the situation under the control
dialog: on Arrakis.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: What do you mean one last...
scene_heading: TANKED GUILDSMAN #2
dialog: Do not speak!... Listen!... You do not
dialog: have more than this one chance.... I
dialog: represent the entire Guild in this
dialog: matter.... You have failed to kill the
dialog: Atreides heir... Paul.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: But he was said to...
scene_heading: TANKED GUILDSMEN #2
dialog: (moans like a cow)
dialog: Noooooo... he is not dead. He is not
dialog: eaten by worms as you have wanted to
text: believe. He is not missing. He is in the
text: deep desert with the Fremen. The Spice is
dialog: in great danger. We are not asking... we
dialog: are telling... remedy the situation or you
dialog: will live out your life in a pain
dialog: amplifier.
text: The Guildsmen turn and leave.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Who is this Paula Atreides to the Guild?
dialog: And why?
scene_heading: 222A. INT. JESSICA'S ROOM - SIETCH TABR - DAY
text: Jessica sits with Harah.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: HARAH
dialog: Your Reverence, I don't wish to upset you,
dialog: but the other women...
scene_heading: 223. INT. PASSAGEWAY - SIETCH TABR - DAY
text: At the end of the passageway, standing alone --
text: staring with powerful intense blue-within-blue eyes
text: -- is ALIA. She's listening mentally.
speaker_heading: HARAH (V.O.)
dialog: ...they don't like Alia around. She
text: frightens them. It is the strangeness of
dialog: your daughter.
scene_heading: 224. INT. JESSICA'S ROOM - SIETCH TABR - DAY
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: It's the way she speaks of things...
text: Alia is listening - then exits.
scene_heading: 225. INT. PASSAGEWAY - SIETCH TABR - DAY
text: Alia listens mentally.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (V.O.)
dialog: ...beyond her years and of things no child
dialog: could know -- things of the past.
dialog: (pause)
text: Alia begins walking. She appears to be angry.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (V.O.)(CONT'D)
dialog: A daughter who knew at birth everything I
dialog: know...
scene_heading: 226. INT. JESSICA'S ROOM - SIETCH TABR - DAY
speaker_heading: HARAH
dialog: But Your Reverence, they won't have her
text: around them.
text: Alia enters.
speaker_heading: ALIA
dialog: (screaming little adult voice)
dialog: Harah! Would they deny me the right to
dialog: use this mind?...
dialog: --
speaker_heading: ALIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (using The Voice)
dialog: Would they deny me the right to use this
dialog: voice?...
text: Harah's head nearly bursts with pain and she SCREAMS
text: as if she were dying.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Alia!
speaker_heading: 226A. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 228. BACK TO SCENE - EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: I want fifty legions of Sardaukar on
text: Arrakis at once.
scene_heading: SARDAUKAR OFFICER #1
dialog: Fifty legions?...
text: (he looks at the other officers with
dialog: worry)
dialog: That's our entire reserves as well.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: This is genocide... the deliberate and
dialog: systematic destruction of all life on
dialog: Arrakis.
scene_heading: 228A. NEW SCENE
text: Ships over Arrakis.
dialog: 229. through 230. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 231. INT. PAUL'S ROOM - SIETCH
text: There is a growing, powerful sound of a worm
text: approaching as Paul and Chani are lying together in
text: the darkness of their sleeping chamber. Paul's eyes
text: snap open and he sees Chani looking down at him (the
text: last image of the future in the desert).
speaker_heading: CHANI
dialog: You were calling my name... it frightened
dialog: me.
dialog: --
dialog: Page Missing
dialog: --
text: In the hollow of a huge dune, Paul stops with Chani.
text: They share a look into each other's eyes. Paul
text: turns towards the Fedaykin and nods. They move in
text: quickly to tie and wrap Paul in Fremen rope. They
text: move back and wait quietly. Chani moves in very
text: close to Paul. She holds a glass vial of the blue
dialog: water of life.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hurry! All I see is darkness.
speaker_heading: CHANI
dialog: Paul... I will love you forever... in life
dialog: or in death... let Shai-Hulud judge now.
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You are my life.
text: She pours the blue liquid into Paul's mouth. Slow
text: move into Paul's face as:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Now... the test of the water of life...
dialog: what is it that waits for me in this
dialog: darkness?
scene_heading: 233A. INT. PAUL'S MIND
text: Fade to black then dissolves to dark blue fluid. A
text: blue drop falls into the blue fluid - a huge low
text: thud - then quiet.
scene_heading: 233B. EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: Cut to Paul screaming horribly in the desert.
scene_heading: 235. INT. JESSICA'S ROOM - SIETCH TABR - NIGHT
text: Alia walks forward in the very dark room. Blood
text: rushes from her nose. She forces herself to walk to
text: Jessica's bed. She finds that Jessica's nose is
text: bleeding also. Jessica wakes in pain. They stare
text: at each other in the darkness.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: ALIA!
speaker_heading: ALIA
dialog: Mother - help me!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: Alia! What is it?
dialog: --
speaker_heading: ALIA
text: It's Paul. He's taken the Water of Life.
scene_heading: 233C. INT. PAUL'S MIND
text: Cut to quiet black - dissolve again to blue -
text: another drop - low thud - quietness - fade to black.
scene_heading: 245A. EXT. EMPEROR'S SPACESHIP - SPACE
text: The Emperor's space ship soars towards us.
scene_heading: 246. INT. EMPEROR'S SPACE SHIP - SPACE
text: The Reverend Mother Helen Mohiam is on the floor,
text: bleeding from the nose and weak from pain. The
text: Emperor looks on in horror.
scene_heading: 233D. INT. PAUL'S MIND
text: Suddenly screaming towards us is white rings, stars
text: and a huge Guild Navigator.
scene_heading: 233E. EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: Cut to Paul's eyes - tightly closed, oozing fresh
dialog: blood.
scene_heading: 233F. EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: SCREAMING SOUND. Paul's mouth opens and a giant
text: wind is stirred on the desert.
dialog: 234. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 235A. INT. PAUL'S MIND
text: Navigator chewing giant eye and spewing blood and
text: light and sounds. Paul's mouth double exposes over
text: Navigator and eye. The sound from Paul's mouth
text: destroys the Navigator and opens the Alam.
text: Navigator bursts into a huge light ring and we
text: quickly travel through ring after ring and masses of
text: liquid stars. The light increases until it is
text: blinding and then in the light...
dialog: --
scene_heading: 235B. EXT. FLOWER BLOSSOMING
text: A golden flower blossoms and glows brilliantly -
text: suddenly the powerful sound of an approaching worm.
dialog: 236. through 239. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 240. EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: Chani and the Fedaykin freeze and watch in horror as
text: seven giant worms converge on them. The worms break
text: the desert surface and rise, towering over them.
text: The worms hover and wait.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 241. through 245. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 240A. EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Chani looks to the Fedaykin, then they look at Paul
text: who lies motionless. She cuts the rope bonds with
text: her crysknife. Her fingers tremble as does the
text: whole of the desert.
text: Paul's eyes snap open. He sits up slowly. Chani
text: stares at him in awe.
speaker_heading: CHANI
dialog: Paul... Paul.
scene_heading: 240B. EXT. WAVE CRASHING
text: A huge wave crashes and Paul sees the image of his
text: father. Paul slowly gets to his knees, then stands.
scene_heading: 240C. EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Father!... Father! THE SLEEPER HAS
text: AWAKENED.
text: Giant echoes of this phrase reverberate across the
text: vast desert. The worms bend back into the sand and
text: leave with thundering power.
scene_heading: MUSIC FULL.
dialog: 247. through 250. (Deleted)
dialog: --
scene_heading: 251. EXT. ROCK LEDGE - HALL OF RITES - SIETCH TABR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: The Rock Ledge of Sietch Tabr is filled with
text: Fedaykin and monks; Chani, Jessica, Gurney and
text: Stilgar stand together near the back. Paul moves
text: out on the Rock Ledge overlooking the Hall of Rites
text: which is crowded with Fremen warriors who chant
text: "Maud'Dib" along with the powerful sounds of the
text: WIND ORGAN and FREMEN war DRUMS.
text: Paul raises his open hand. SILENCE. Only the organ
text: continues with a soft low NOTE. The Fremen wait.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Arrakis... Dune... Desert Planet.
text: A quiet, haunting MOAN of recognition of a master
text: rises from the Fremen.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Your time has come.
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: Father... our time has come.
dialog: (out loud again)
dialog: A storm is coming -- our storm... and when
dialog: it comes it will shake the Universe.
dialog: Emperor... we come for you.
text: A thunderous ROAR arises. War DRUMS pound. The
text: ORGAN blows hurricaine of power through the sietch.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (he raises crysknife)
dialog: Long live the fighters!
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: Long live the fighters!
text: Fremen carrying weapons begin moving out in long
text: lines from the Hall as the war DRUMS pound.
scene_heading: 251A. through 252B. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 265. INT. HARKONNEN `THOPTER - DAY
text: In one `thopter sits the Baron Harkonnen. He is
text: flown down to the Emperor's ship.
scene_heading: 253. EXT. ROCK OUTCROPPING - DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: A sietch door opens and Fremen warriors stream out.
dialog: --
dialog: 254. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 255. EXT. DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: The WIND is howling and is starting to blow the
text: sand. Dark sand clouds form in the distance.
scene_heading: 256. EXT. ROCK OUTCROPPING - DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: Another sietch door opens and hundreds and thousands
text: more Fremen pour out.
scene_heading: 257. EXT. SHIELD WALL - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: Paul, Stilgar and Gurney watch the Emperor's
text: enormous ship on the Arrakeen landing field below.
dialog: 257A. through 258. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 260. EXT. DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: Thousands of Fremen are running, planting thumpers
text: as they go.
scene_heading: 259. INT. COMMUNICATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN - DAY
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Gurney, when the storm hits... set off the
dialog: atomics. I want an opening through the
dialog: entire Shield Wall. Stilgar? Do we have
dialog: wormsign?
text: Stilgar and Gurney laugh.
speaker_heading: STILGAR
dialog: Usul... We have wormsign, the likes of
dialog: which even God has never seen.
text: Paul smiles.
scene_heading: 261. EXT. DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: Looking down over the huge desert it looks like a
text: living sea of wormsign. Everywhere ripples appear
text: and worms are surfacing.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 261A. EXT. DEEP DESERT - DAY
text: Thousands of Fremen are running, positioning
dialog: themselves to mount and ride.
scene_heading: 262. EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Dust clouds grow faster and the speed of the WIND
text: increases. Sand particles hit at a rock outcropping
text: and up close they sound like giant warrior drummers
text: pounding before battle.
scene_heading: 263. EXT. HARKONNEN SHIPS - DESERT - NIGHT
text: Suddenly above come hundreds of SCREAMING space
text: ships zooming down across the desert floor and
text: towards the landing field.
dialog: 264. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 266. EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: The storm is howling now. Sand blasts against rock
text: and rips pieces away.
scene_heading: 267. INT. STEEL TENT - EMPEROR'S SPACE SHIP - DAY
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Bring in that floating fat man... the
dialog: Baron.
text: The Baron is brought in. Distant warning SIGNALS
text: begin. The Baron is fighting to contain his fear
text: because RABBAN'S HEAD SITS ALL BLOODY ON THE FLOOR
text: in front of him. Finally the Emperor speaks.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Why have you brought me here?
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: Your Highness... There must be some
dialog: mistake... I never requested your
dialog: presence.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Ah? But your lack of action demanded it.
dialog: Your dreadful mismanagement, your bad
dialog: judgement in assigning to Rabban --
text: (he gestures toward the head)
dialog: -- the governorship.... You forced me to
dialog: come here and set things straight...
dialog: personally.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Bring in the messenger.
text: Alia is brought in by the Sardaukar soldiers. She
text: is smiling.
speaker_heading: ALIA
dialog: I am the messenger from Muad'dib. Poor
dialog: Emperor, I'm afraid my brother won't be
dialog: very pleased with you.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Silence!... I do not court your brother's
dialog: pleasure.
text: Suddenly the Reverend Mother looks horrified and
text: grabs her throat.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (struggling, speaking)
dialog: Kill this child!! She's an abomination!!
dialog: Kill her.
text: (points to Alia, who is smiling at
dialog: her)
dialog: Get out of my mind!!!
speaker_heading: ALIA
dialog: Not until you tell them both who I really
dialog: am.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (strained speech void of emotion)
dialog: Sister of Paul Muad'dib.
text: The Reverend Mother slumps. The Baron's mouth flies
text: open. The Emperor's face goes pale, his lips
dialog: tremble.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Paul's sister... Paul is Muad'dib?!
text: He turns quickly and looks at the two Guild agents
text: present in the room. They stare at him icily. Alia
text: is smiles happily.
scene_heading: 268. INT. COMMUNICATION ROOM - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: Paul smiles.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (laughs)(to Gurney and Stilgar)
text: Alia keeps pace with the storm.
dialog: --
text: Gurney and Stilgar don't understand. Suddenly
text: enormous dust clouds and LIGHTNING sweep up over the
dialog: Shield Wall.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Gurney, now!
text: Gurney gives a hand signal and...
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (they put on their hoods)
dialog: Atomics!
scene_heading: 269. EXT. SHIELD WALL - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: ...TWENTY EXPLOSIONS of hydrogen bomb intensity go
text: off in a row, cutting a huge gorge through the width
text: of the massive Shield Wall. As the EXPLOSIONS go
text: off, a WIND howls, destroying much of Arrakeen and
text: covering the rest with tons of sand. Sand rips at
text: the Palace and the Emperor's ship.
scene_heading: 270. INT. STEEL TENT - EMPEROR'S SPACE SHIP - DAY
text: Alia smiles as they HEAR the tremendous roaring,
text: atomic screams of the explosions. The Emperor's
text: ship's warning SIGNALS are now close and loud.
speaker_heading: ALIA
dialog: My brother is coming... with many Fremen
dialog: warriors.
text: A Sardaukar rushes in.
scene_heading: SARDAUKAR OFFICER #2
text: The Shield Wall is gone.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: Impossible!
speaker_heading: ALIA
dialog: Not impossible. I told you... He is here
dialog: now.
scene_heading: SARDAUKAR OFFICER #2
dialog: Majesty, into the ship!
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: (to his officers)(rising)
dialog: Release the Sardaukar. Baron... give this
text: little abomination to the storm.
text: They all leave the room, including the Sardaukars.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 270A. through 271. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 272. INT. STEEL TENT - EMPEROR'S SPACE SHIP - DAY
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: I have her, Majesty!
text: The Baron floats down to her. Alia turns to him --
text: still smiling. With a flash of her hand she reaches
text: out and swipes at the Baron's face. He CRIES OUT in
text: pain. She pulls his suspensor plugs and pushes him
text: back, then slowly shows him the tiny needle she
text: holds in her hand. He spins crazily as he screams
dialog: from the poison.
scene_heading: 273. EXT. SHIELD WALL - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: Worms, each with hundreds of Fremen on them, come
text: slithering through the newly-formed canyon in the
dialog: Shield Wall.
scene_heading: 273A. EXT. WORMS - SHIELD WALL - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: Paul rides the lead worm with Gurney and Stilgar by
text: his side. The storm is howling and blowing with
text: horrifying intensity.
scene_heading: 273B. INT. EMPEROR'S SPACE SHIP - CONTROL ROOM - DAY
text: The Emperor and his Sardaukar officers in a darkened
text: room where they are horrified to see on the screens
text: the hundreds of worms which are coming into the
text: Arrakeen valley. All their faces show fear.
scene_heading: 272. BACK TO SCENE
scene_heading: INT. EMPEROR'S SPACE SHIP - GREEN THRONE ROOM - DAY
text: Suddenly the wall behind Alia and the spinning Baron
text: is completely blown away by a BLAST.
text: The Baron floats and spins out into the storm.
scene_heading: 274. EXT. ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: As the worms enter the Arrakeen basin they meet the
dialog: Sardaukar. The Sardaukar don't have a chance -- the
text: worms suck them up by the hundreds. The Fremen on
text: the worm's backs fire weapons, killing the few
text: Sardaukar the worms leave behind.
scene_heading: 275. EXT. LANDING FIELD - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: The space ships which were recently airborne are now
text: crashing because of the storm.
dialog: --
scene_heading: 272A. NEW SCENE
text: The Baron floats and spins high in the dust clouds
text: of the storm over the Arrakeen Valley.
scene_heading: 274A. NEW SCENE
text: The worm, that Paul, Gurney and Stilgar are riding,
text: suddenly rears up. Its mouth opens. The Baron
text: appears as a tiny spinning shape. He flies directly
text: into the mouth of this collosal worm and is
text: devoured.
scene_heading: 277. EXT. STEEL TENT - LANDING FIELD - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: A thousand Fremen battle Sardaukar outside the
text: Emperor's tent. They soon overpower them and rush
text: into the giant steel structure.
scene_heading: 278. EXT. LANDING FIELD - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: The entire airfield is now filled with wild worms,
text: Fremen, and dead or dying Sardaukar.
scene_heading: 276. EXT. LANDING FIELD - ARRAKEEN - DAY
text: Alia moves dreamily among the dying Sardaukar.
dialog: 279. through 280. (Deleted)
scene_heading: 281. INT. GREAT HALL - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: Paul enters the Palace hall and the first thing he
text: sees is the giant bull's head. The horns have been
text: blown off and the Atreides banner has been stuffed
text: and wired into the mouth.
text: A WIND moans through the Palace.
text: Paul turns. Gurney and several guards bring in the
text: Emperor, Irulan, the Reverend Mother, Sardaukar
text: generals, Guildsmen, Feyd and Thufir. The Fedaykin
text: and Fremen troops line the walls.
text: Paul's eyes meet Feyd's -- Feyd gives him an evil
dialog: smile.
text: Paul turns and looks at the Emperor, who stares back
text: defiantly. Paul moves his gaze to Irulan, who
text: lowers her eyes. He then sees his old teacher,
text: Thufir Hawat, whose tired eyes wander helplessly.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Gurney... I see Thufir Hawat among the
dialog: captives. Let him stand free.
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: My Lord?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let him stand free!
text: The Emperor turns nervously to Feyd, who passes a
text: golden dagger to Thufir.
speaker_heading: FEYD
dialog: (to Thufir)
dialog: The antidote...
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: (gestures to Thufir)
dialog: Thufir. Come.
text: Thufir approaches Paul, concealing the knife. They
text: come face to face. The Emperor seems strangely
text: tense at this moment. Paul notices this. He looks
text: Thufir over.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (inner voice)
dialog: A knife....
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: In payment of the many years of service to
dialog: my family, you may know ask of me anything
dialog: you wish. Anything at all.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Do you need my life, old friend?
text: He turns his back on him.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: It is yours.
text: Thufir's eyes grow sad and wide.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I mean this, Thufir. If you are to
dialog: strike, do it now.
text: Thufir's hand rises, as Jessica gasps, but the old
text: Mentat pulls his heart plug out with a quick tearing
text: motion. Paul turns and catches him as he sags.
text: His head lolls back and he looks up to Paul
text: urgently.
dialog: --
speaker_heading: THUFIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Three... generations... of you...
text: His breath escapes him and he is dead.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to the guards)
dialog: Carry this noble Atreides warrior away.
dialog: Do him all honor.
text: The guards do as they are instructed.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Emperor Shadam the IV... there are Guild
dialog: Heighliners above us containing many Great
dialog: Houses of the Lansraad.... SEND THEM
speaker_heading: BACK!
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: How dare you speak to me...
speaker_heading: GUILDSMAN #2
dialog: (speaking into electric microphone)
dialog: Stop your speaking!!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to the Guildsmen)
dialog: Good. You have some idea of what I would
dialog: do but I will tell it to one who has never
dialog: been seen... one who hides deep in the
dialog: Heighliner control rooms. He will hear it
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: GUILDSMEN #3
dialog: (fear)
dialog: No!
text: Paul smiles as we move closer and closer to him.
scene_heading: 282. INT. CONTROL ROOM - HEIGHLINER - SPACE
text: Suddenly we are in the Heighliner control room, near
text: the floor in the chemical spills. We move up into
text: the orange gas. THUNDERING begins to shake the
dialog: Heighliner.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: Where are you.... Let me see you or there
dialog: will be no spice.
dialog: --
text: We move into very thick gas and there is a ROARING.
text: Suddenly Paul sees the Third Stage Navigator.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)(CONT'D)
dialog: You know what I'm about to say is true....
dialog: I have the power to destroy the spice
dialog: forever.
text: The Guild Navigator's mouth stretches back in a
text: horrible MOAN. The moan becomes more pained and
text: grows louder and louder.
scene_heading: 283. INT. GREAT HALL - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: The Guildsmen in the room are MOANING and SCREAMING
text: and swarming out towards the doorway -- the Fremen
text: stop them. The Emperor and all are amazed and
text: frightened. There is a long hush. The old Reverend
text: Mother then turns and glares at Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't try your powers on me. Try looking
dialog: into that place where you dare not look.
dialog: You'll find me there staring back at you!!
dialog: You Bene Gesserit have waited ninety
dialog: generations to produce the one person your
dialog: schemes required. Here I stand. But... I
dialog: will never be yours.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Stop him, Jessica!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Stop him yourself.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You saw a part of what the race needs in
dialog: the beginning. In time you perverted the
dialog: truth. You sought to control human
dialog: breeding and intermix a select few
dialog: according to a selfish master plan. How
dialog: little you understand.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: You mustn't speak of...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (using The Voice)
speaker_heading: SILENCE!
text: The old woman is shot backwards by the power of his
text: shout. Her breath is knocked out of her.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: I remember your gom jabbar, now you
dialog: remember mine. I can kill with a word.
dialog: --
text: A Fedaykin stand forward and recites from the
dialog: prophecy.
speaker_heading: FEDAYKIN #1
dialog: ...and his word shall carry death eternal
dialog: to those who stand against the righteous.
text: Feyd hears this and is angered.
speaker_heading: FEYD
dialog: The righteous!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to Emperor)
dialog: There is a Harkonnen among you. Give the
text: Harkonnen a blade and let him stand forth.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: If Feyd wishes, he can meet you with my
text: blade in his hand.
speaker_heading: FEYD
dialog: I wish it.
dialog: (steps forward)
speaker_heading: GURNEY
dialog: This is a Harkonnen animal. Let me,
dialog: please, my Lord.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: The Emperor's blade.
text: Feyd takes up the Emperor's blade with a smile.
text: Paul takes out his crysknife. They begin to circle
dialog: each other.
text: Paul smiles, circling still. Suddenly, Feyd leaps,
text: his blade jabbing savagely outward, but Paul easily
text: evades it, moving away. They begin to circle again.
text: He makes another pass at Paul that comes dangerously
text: close, but again, Paul is away, a frozen smile on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: FEYD
dialog: Why prolong the inevitable? I will kill
dialog: you! I will kill him!
text: Feyd smiles. He lashes out biting Paul's hand.
text: Feyd LAUGHS in triumph.
text: Feyd leaps forward jabbing, his right hip also
text: forward. Yet Paul, although a little slowly, again
text: reels away. Again, Feyd thrusts.
dialog: --
text: This time Paul jabs with his crysknife, but Feyd
text: moves away effortlessly. Feyd counters and kicks
text: Paul to the ground.
speaker_heading: CHANI
dialog: Paul!
text: Paul is up instantly and he circles with Feyd.
speaker_heading: FEYD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Who is the little one? A pet, perhaps?
dialog: Will she deserve my special attentions?
text: Paul jabs out, his crysknife slashing. Feyd grabs
text: his arm, and Paul his, the two men locked in a
text: straining clinch. Feyd presses his right hip closer
text: and closer to Paul's body. Paul strains to keep it
text: away. Suddenly, the gom jabbar flips out of Feyd's
text: girdle, but on the left side, and he lunges
text: powerfully with it at Paul, who just barely misses
text: taking it in his skin. He throws Feyd back, but not
text: before Feyd's feet strike out, sending Paul to the
text: floor. Feyd leaps onto him.
speaker_heading: FEYD
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You see... your death... my blade will
dialog: finish you.
text: Suddenly, Paul, with lightning swiftness, pushes
text: Feyd up and over. He is on top of him in a flash.
text: Paul's crysknife flashes up, thrusting upward
text: through Feyd's jaw. Feyd's mouth opens as the knife
text: continues up through his tongue and through to his
text: brain. Feyd's eyes go wild, then glaze over as he
text: jerks dead on the floor. Paul slowly gets to his
text: feet, breathing heavily. Anger still seething in
text: him, Paul issues a SOUND -- a loud, horrible,
text: powerful sound, and Feyd's internal organs rupture
text: and the stone floor under him cracks open. The
text: Fedaykin smile.
speaker_heading: FEDAYKIN #2
dialog: Usul no longer needs the weirding module.
text: Everyone stares in disbelief. Paul looks to the
dialog: Emperor.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Now, I will tell you how it will be.
dialog: Irulan shall be my wife, opening the way
dialog: for an Atreides to take the throne.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR
dialog: I sit on the throne!!
dialog: --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You will sit on a throne on Selusa
dialog: Secundus, your prison planet. Either that
dialog: or you will die.
text: The Emperor is still. Paul moves to Chani.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Chani)
dialog: The Princess shall have no more of me than
dialog: my name... no child of mine or touch the
dialog: softness of glance... nor instant of
dialog: desire.... This is my promise to you...
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: ...my love.
text: Paul turns back to the others.
text: Jessica turns to Chani and whispers to her.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Think on it Chani... We who carry the name
dialog: of concubine... history will call us
dialog: wives.
text: Alia enters with two monks. She signals and one of
text: them places a cloak over Paul's shoulders.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The Fremen have the word of Muad'dib.
dialog: They will have their Holy War to cleanse
dialog: the Universe... they will have Arrakis...
dialog: Dune... their planet. There will be
text: flowing water here open to the sky and
dialog: rich green oases. For the spice there
dialog: will always be some desert. There will be
text: fierce winds and trials to toughen men.
dialog: We Fremen have a saying...
text: (he stares at the Reverend Mother)
dialog: "God created Arrakis to train the
dialog: faithful."
dialog: One cannot go against the word of God.
text: Everyone in the room stares at him soundlessly.
speaker_heading: ALIA
dialog: And how can this be?
text: There are three powerful drum hits.
speaker_heading: ALIA (CONT'D)
dialog: For... he is the Kwisatz Haderach!
dialog: --
scene_heading: 284. EXT. ARRAKEEN PALACE - DUSK
text: Paul opens his mouth and issues an ever increasing
text: wind. Lightning and thunder begin. Clouds begin to
text: form over the Palace. In the half-light of dusk,
text: thousands of Fremen watch the sky. Giant golden
text: lights are illuminated and their rays shoot far into
text: the sky illuminating the growing clouds. Five
text: tremendous bolts of lightning suddenly unleash a
text: downpour of RAIN ON ARRAKIS. The Fremen stand
text: awestruck as they are drenched with water falling
text: from the sky.
scene_heading: 285. INT. GREAT HALL - ARRAKEEN PALACE - DAY
text: WE MOVE through Paul's glowing blue eyes into
text: beautiful blue luminescent light.
text: A gigantic WIND arises, and suddenly appearing in
text: the blue light is an ocean of light rolling like
text: gold glass off into infinite. The blue becomes
text: darker and a golden lotus flower blooms in the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: THE END
text: This script was found in INFlow. It was shameless taken off from somewhere
dialog: else, may god, copyright owners and people who worked hard and were not
dialog: credited forgive us.
dialog: 
