dialog: 
speaker_heading: EASTERN PROMISES
dialog: Written by
dialog: Steven Knight
scene_heading: 1 EXT. A STREET NEAR BRICK LANE - EVENING 1
text: It's 5.30pm in late December and rain is pouring. The
text: scant Christmas decorations are hanging limp in the rain.
text: A young Turk (EKREM) runs through the rain with a Turkish
text: newspaper held over his head. He ducks into a traditional
dialog: barber's shop called Ozim's.
scene_heading: 2 INT. OZIM'S BARBER SHOP - EVENING 2
text: The shutters are drawn. OZIM (a plump middle-aged Turk)
text: is cutting the hair of the last customer of the day (SOYKA).
text: Soyka is a Chechen, well-groomed, wearing a sharp suit
text: beneath the barber's gown.
text: During the conversation we glimpse distinctive eagle- and
text: star-shaped tattoos on Soyka's arms and hands.
text: Ozim and Soyka are chatting as Ekrem enters. Soyka speaks
text: with a Russian accent.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: Guvenilmez... daginik... bloody
dialog: kids, you know... he says - `but
dialog: Amca it's Christmas?... Christmas!
dialog: We're Islam!
speaker_heading: SOYKA
dialog: Oi, how much are you taking off?
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: Christmas! So I said to him...
dialog: alisverise cimac. The kid's
dialog: sixteen...
text: Ozim brushes some hair off the customer's shoulder and
text: Ozim finally acknowledges Ekrem, who is shivering and wet
text: near to the door. Ekrem turns the `Open' sign to `Closed'.
speaker_heading: OZIM (CONT'D)
dialog: They don't want to work do they.
dialog: Shicma....
speaker_heading: EKREM
dialog: (hesitantly
dialog: interrupting)
dialog: Uncle Ozim.......
text: We see for the first time that Ekrem is shaking with fear
dialog: as well as cold.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 2.
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: 2
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: This is him. The kid I'm talking
dialog: about.
text: Ekrem approaches, stiffened by terror. Soyka nods at Ekrem
text: in the mirror.
speaker_heading: SOYKA
dialog: He looks OK to me... how you doin'
dialog: Ekrem?
text: Soyka offers Ekrem a hand to shake and Ekrem stares at it
text: as if it were enchanted...
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: He looks OK, yeah, but he won't do
dialog: one lousy thing for me. Here,
dialog: look... Ekrem, take this...
text: Ozim takes an open razor from behind a line of hair-tonic
text: bottles and hands it to Ekrem, who now looks mortally
dialog: terrified.
speaker_heading: EKREM
dialog: Ozim... memnum etmek.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: We had a deal now he's backing
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SOYKA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Hey Ozim, leave the kid alone.
dialog: It's obviously a psychological
dialog: thing...
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: Take it Ekrem.
speaker_heading: SOYKA
dialog: Ozim, it's OK. I don't want a shave.
speaker_heading: OZIM
text: This is the kid who walks around
dialog: like Al Capone. Take the fucking
dialog: ustura and finish this Rushca.
speaker_heading: SOYKA
dialog: (startled)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 3.
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: (2) 2
text: Soyka rises up from the seat, casting off his barber's
text: gown. Ozim yells `kabuka! And Ekrem snarls, flicks open
text: the razor and drags it across Soyka's throat. Soyka's scream
text: bubbles in the blood.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. KILBURN HIGH ROAD - NIGHT 3
text: We dissolve to a Christmas decoration flashing on and off
text: in the rain, high on a lamp post in Kilburn High Road. We
text: pan down the lamp post to the High Road where revelers are
text: hurrying through the rain. We see a young girl (TATIANA)
text: hurrying across the street, wrapped in a dressing gown
text: with a man's overcoat thrown over the top of it. Her hair
text: is soaked as she approaches an all night chemist's shop.
text: She is barefoot.
scene_heading: 4 INT. CHEMIST'S SHOP - NIGHT 4
text: The CHEMIST is delivering advice in Gujurati to a CUSTOMER.
text: Tatiana wipes rain from her face and the Chemist and the
text: customer react to her ragged appearance.
speaker_heading: TATIANA
dialog: (Russian accent)
dialog: Please... I have...
speaker_heading: CHEMIST
dialog: For methadone I need to see paper
dialog: prescription.
text: The customer looks at Tatiana's feet and reacts. We see
text: blood trickling down her legs. Tatiana looks down, then
text: faints onto the floor.
scene_heading: 5 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. OPERATING WARD - NIGHT 5
text: We see Tatiana unconscious on a wheeled trolley bursting
text: through double doors into the operating ward of Trafalgar
text: hospital. The trolley is accompanied by TWO NURSES, a
text: JUNIOR DOCTOR and a midwife, (ANNA KHITROVA). The two
text: PARAMEDICS who brought her are following behind the trolley.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Did you get a name?
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 4.
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED: 5
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 6 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. OPERATING THEATER - NIGHT 6
text: A tiny brown handbag is being shaken empty by a nurse.
text: Tatiana is being prepared for an emergency Caesarean. The
text: theater is full of people in scrubs, including an
text: anesthetist. Monitors and drips are being attached at double
dialog: speed.
text: We notice that her arms are already dotted with festering
dialog: needle marks.
text: A nurse searches through the contents of the handbag and
text: we can hear frantic activity from the operating table....
speaker_heading: NURSE 1
text: Her stats are very poor, very poor.
text: Baby's very distressed.
text: Anna approaches the nurse, who is rummaging through the
text: contents of the bag. We see a business card from a
dialog: restaurant called `The Trans-Siberian', a St. Christopher
text: necklace and a tiny battered diary. Anna grabs the diary.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR DOCTOR
dialog: Shoulder distocia, I think. Stuck
text: on the pubic bone.
text: Cut to Anna at Tatiana's head. Anna strokes her face and
text: speaks softly.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Darling... darling, can you hear
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Baby's heart beat sixty... fifty-
dialog: eight, fifty-eight... fifty-seven...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR DOCTOR
dialog: Anna, I'm trying to rotate the
dialog: shoulder medially... shit...
text: THE JUNIOR DOCTOR is breathing hard with a look of utter
text: panic as he attempts to free the baby.
text: The doors burst open and a more senior doctor in his mid
text: thirties (DOCTOR AZIZ) enters at a gallop. As he enters...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 5.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED: 6
speaker_heading: NURSE 1
dialog: Baby stats sixty-eight and in free
dialog: fall.
speaker_heading: NURSE 2
dialog: I'm not getting a pulse.
text: Heartbeats. Doctor Aziz joins the junior doctor, who looks
dialog: out of his depth.
speaker_heading: AZIZ
dialog: Speak to me...
text: Before the junior doctor can speak Anna speaks directly to
dialog: Aziz.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: We need to get the baby out now.
dialog: Aziz knows he can take Anna's word...
speaker_heading: AZIZ
dialog: OK, let's go.
text: All hell is let loose. As the Caesarean process begins at
text: frantic speed, we slowly zoom in on Tatiana's unconscious
text: face and hear her voice in V.O... a young girl's voice
text: speaking with an Russian accent. The crosstalk between
text: nurses and doctors becomes more and more frantic.
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: My name is Tatiana. My father
dialog: died in the mines in my village,
dialog: so he was already buried when he
dialog: died. We were all buried there.
text: Buried under the soil of Russia.
dialog: That is why I left to find a better
dialog: life.
text: We hear... a baby cry. Anna's face appears in our framed
text: shot of Tatiana's face. She gently kisses Tatiana's cheek.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: You had a girl.
text: A sheet is pulled over Tatiana's face. A nurse weighs the
text: screaming baby. Anna wipes her brow with the back of her
dialog: bloody wrist.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 6.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED: (2) 6
speaker_heading: AZIZ
dialog: Ok. Call it.
text: The Junior doctor and a nurse check watches and speak almost
dialog: in unison...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR DOCTOR
dialog: Unidentified woman, died December
dialog: 24th at 11.13.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Baby girl, born December 24th at
dialog: 11.14.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. LABOR WARD - MORNING 7
text: Anna leaves the labor ward, putting on her crash helmet.
text: She emerges out into the crisp, sunny morning. Aziz hurries
text: to catch her up and hands her a wrapped gift.
speaker_heading: AZIZ
dialog: Merry Christmas, Anna.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Oh, don't be ridiculous.
text: He grins.
speaker_heading: AZIZ
dialog: And you have to open it in front
dialog: of me.
text: Aziz smiles as Anna unwraps a pair of leather motorcycling
text: gloves. She looks up at him, expressionless.
speaker_heading: AZIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: At least pretend.
text: Anna considers the gloves.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (deadpan))
dialog: In the whole entire history of my
dialog: life, I have never felt this
dialog: special.
speaker_heading: AZIZ
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 7.
speaker_heading: 7 CONTINUED: 7
text: Aziz plants a kiss on his two fingers and presses his
text: fingers against Anna's cheek through the open visor of the
dialog: helmet.
speaker_heading: AZIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Wear them. It's cold.
scene_heading: 8 EXT. LONDON STREET - DAY 8
text: Anna rides her big vintage URAL motorcycle through deserted
text: morning streets. As she rides, we hear Tatiana in V.O.
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: I am so excited this morning.
dialog: Yesterday a friend came back to
dialog: our village and he told us all
dialog: about the places on the map that I
dialog: look at... Paris, Amsterdam, London.
dialog: He's been there for real...
scene_heading: 9 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. ANNA'S BEDROOM - DAY 9
text: After the bright airiness of the bike ride, we are suddenly
text: in Anna's bedroom where the curtains are drawn. Anna is
text: lying awake on the bed, wearing a dressing gown.
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: ...he said the future of everything
dialog: was already happening in all those
dialog: places.
text: There is a gentle knock at the door, which opens before
text: Anna can respond. It is ANNA'S MOTHER (HELEN) with a cup
dialog: of tea.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Did you sleep?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: A bit.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: There's no point us tiptoeing around
dialog: if you're not even sleeping.
text: Helen puts the tea on the dressing table, then turns to
text: leave without a smile.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Mum? Are you OK?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 8.
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (contrite)
dialog: Of course not. It's Christmas.
scene_heading: 10 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. KITCHEN - DAY 10
text: Anna is pouring two glasses of sherry. Helen is peeling
text: potatoes. Anna peers at Helen... and sees tears. They
text: share a moment of stifled emotion. Helen wipes her eyes
text: with her sleeve.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It's the chicken.
dialog: (pause)
text: The smell of chicken roasting
dialog: reminds me of him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You should have done beef, then.
text: They look at each other and giggle. They both have potato
text: peelers in their wet hands, sleeves rolled up, two practical
text: unsentimental women being almost consumed by the same wave
dialog: of emotion.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It wouldn't be Christmas without
dialog: tears in the gravy, would it.
text: We hear a gruff Russian voice calling out from the living
speaker_heading: room (UNCLE STEPAN).
speaker_heading: STEPAN (V.O.)
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Anna! Anna! Where did you get
dialog: this?
text: Anna and Helen roll their eyes.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: It's your own fault for giving him
dialog: something to play with.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Well, I can't read Russian, can I?
text: Anna drops her peeler and hurries into the living room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 9.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 11 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM - DAY 11
text: The living room table is laid for dinner. Uncle Stepan is
text: early seventies, Russian. He is reading the tiny diary
text: that Anna found in Tatiana's bag. Anna breezes in.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I told you, Uncle Stepan, I found
text: it in the handbag of a girl who
dialog: died in my ward.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: Do you always rob the bodies of
dialog: the dead?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (suppressed, familiar
dialog: anger)
dialog: Of course, we all do it. It's one
dialog: of the perks of working in a
dialog: hospital.
text: Stepan grumbles, accustomed to this teasing.
text: Helen enters carrying a bowl of walnuts and brazil nuts
text: which she places on the table.
text: Pause. Stepan looks pointedly at Helen.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: Did you know that your daughter
dialog: robs the bodies of the dead?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 10.
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: 11
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Stepan, is there an address?
text: Stepan lays the diary aside, obstinate and prim.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: You have an uncle who doesn't steal
dialog: things from the dead. Not even
dialog: their secrets.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, don't go all momentous on us,
dialog: Stepan.
dialog: (she straightens
dialog: the table cloth)
dialog: Lift your elbows.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: You should put this in her coffin,
dialog: Anna. Bury her secrets with her
dialog: bodies.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Body. Singular.
text: Stepan leaves in a huff. Anna picks up the diary and begins
text: to study it. She sees the `Trans-Siberian' business card
text: between the pages.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: How long will dinner be?
text: Helen looks at Anna, suspecting an attempt to escape.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. LONDON STREETS - DAY 12
text: Driving music as we see Anna riding her motorbike through
dialog: deserted morning streets again. We should begin to sense
dialog: that this is a kind of release for her. We hear Tatiana
dialog: in V.O.
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: When I was little, London was like
dialog: a place in the Bible. I wasn't
dialog: even sure if it was real. My friend
dialog: has told me there is a place in
dialog: London where they pay girls to
dialog: sing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 11.
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: 12
text: Anna arrives outside the `Trans-Siberian' restaurant. It
text: has a Russian-themed frontage in blue and gold, expensively
dialog: and recently finished.
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: He said if I sang in this restaurant
dialog: I would make more money in a week
dialog: than my father made in a year.
text: As Anna pulls up we hear a dog begin to bark.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. SIDE ENTRANCE - DAY 13
text: The side door opens to reveal a hard-looking, handsome
text: Russian man (NIKOLAI), who stops to groom his hair back
text: from his face and put on a pair of sunglasses as he emerges
text: into daylight. He steps into a small courtyard, where a
text: fierce Doberman dog is barking and snarling on the end of
dialog: a chain.
text: Nikolai is followed by KIRILL, who is a little younger,
text: slim and pretty but hard-looking too. Kirill is dressed in
text: a crumpled T-shirt and jeans and looks like he had a heavy
text: night. Nikolai ignores the dog as he walks by but Kirill
text: yells at it and teases it with a whoop and few Russian
text: curses. Nikolai unbolts the gate to the street.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: So you pick up Ozim and his bitch
dialog: of a wife and you bring them back
dialog: here.
text: He glances back at the restaurant and speaks softly.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Then I'll think of an excuse and
dialog: we can get away.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I'll think of an excuse. Your
dialog: excuses are like fucking fairy
dialog: tales.
text: Kirill grins and Nikolai flicks the fob of his car keys.
text: The lights on an expensive black Mercedes glow in response.
text: Kirill notices Anna locking up her bike at the front of
dialog: the restaurant.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Who the fuck's that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 12.
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
text: They both see Anna removing her crash helmet and shaking
text: out her hair. She walks towards the front door.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Maybe somebody sent your dad a
dialog: hooker for Christmas.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: You're so... fucking unbelievably
dialog: disrespectful.
text: Kirill sees that Nikolai is studying Anna and his grin
text: fades. We sense jealousy.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, you've got work to do. Go...
text: Kirill grabs Nikolai's face to distract him, gives him a
text: playful slap, but there is somehow more to it than
text: playfulness. Nikolai gets into his car.
text: Kirill glares at Anna as she approaches the front of the
dialog: restaurant.
scene_heading: 14 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - DAY 14
text: As Nikolai drives away, Anna rings the doorbell beside the
text: front door. There is no reply. She is about to ring again
text: when the door opens. We see SEMYON, a Russian man in his
text: late sixties. He is wiping his hands on a tea towel,
text: dressed in a spotlessly white apron. He has the sparkling
text: piercing eyes of a falcon.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: We are closed.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I know.
text: She fumbles in her bag.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry... I'm a midwife.
text: Anna produces her hospital ID and shows it to Semyon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 13.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (with a twinkle)
dialog: Then unless one of my daughters is
dialog: keeping something from me, you
dialog: have the wrong address.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I'd like to speak to the Manager.
text: Semyon studies the name on the ID.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Khitrova?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: My dad was Russian.
text: Semyon seems suddenly delighted.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: And his name?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Ivan.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: So, you are Anna Ivanovna.
scene_heading: 15 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - DAY 15
text: The tables are set for a huge party. Kirill is now on
text: step ladders, fixing some Christmas decorations. Other
text: relatives are getting the place ready. Semyon hurries
text: through the restaurant, leading Anna by the hand.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: We must hurry. I must stir. Stir,
dialog: stir or the gravy dies in my hands.
dialog: Today it is family. Here is my
dialog: son, Kirill.
dialog: (he hisses at Kirill)
dialog: Kirill! The berries are too low,
dialog: too low. And Roman, more glasses
dialog: for red!
dialog: (he claps his hands)
dialog: Come on!
text: Kirill follows Anna's progress through the restaurant with
text: a glare.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 13A.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
text: There are three little girls in extravagant party frocks,
text: all holding violins and giggling near to the door that
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 14.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: (2) 15
text: leads to the kitchen. Semyon stops when he reaches them
text: and puts his hands on his hips.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: My angels. You should be
dialog: practising. You must make the
dialog: wood cry. Like this, like this...
text: Semyon grabs a violin and plays a three-second burst of
text: sad Russian violin music.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: You see...
text: Semyon hurries on into the kitchen. Anna smiles, delighted
text: at the eccentric old man.
scene_heading: 16 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. KITCHEN - DAY 16
text: Inside the kitchen there is an inferno of activity, steam,
text: smoke. Family members, some dressed in their party outfits,
text: others in chefs' uniforms, are standing over steaming pots,
text: laughing, arguing. Children play and yell. You can almost
text: smell Christmas. Anna enters, dazzled by it all,
text: overwhelmed by the contrast to her own lifeless Christmas
text: kitchen. Semyon calls out to everyone.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Come, come, hurry, hurry. They
dialog: will be here any moment.
dialog: (to Anna)
dialog: Ok, show me this card.
text: Anna reaches into her pocket and produces the `Trans-
dialog: Siberian' business card she found in Tatiana's bag. Semyon
text: angles his head to look as he stirs.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: It is the old card. From before
dialog: the renovations. But even so, if
dialog: she had worked here I would remember
dialog: the name. Perhaps she ate here
dialog: once. Try this.
text: Semyon offers Anna a spoonful of his gravy. She sips it.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: God, that's amazing. My dad made
dialog: gravy just like that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 15.
speaker_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
text: Semyon shrugs and smiles, his eyes twinkling, then goes
text: back to stirring. He speaks as if unconcerned.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: So did you get a chance to talk to
dialog: this girl before she died?
scene_heading: 17 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - DAY 17
text: Nikolai's black Mercedes pulls up outside the restaurant
text: and parks a few inches from Anna's motorbike. The rear
text: windows are sun shaded so we only see Nikolai in the
text: driver's seat. He gets out of the car and opens the rear
text: door of the car for an elegantly dressed Turkish lady in
text: her fifties. Nikolai goes to the other rear door. The
text: portly figure of Ozim the barber emerges. As Ozim gets out
text: he gives Nikolai a fifty-pound note.
scene_heading: 18 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. KITCHEN - DAY 18
text: Two of the little girl violinists are fighting, pulling
text: each other's hair. The third is sobbing, sitting on the
text: floor. A young woman in a party dress is carrying a huge
text: silver bowl of sauce across the kitchen.
text: Anna looks delighted at the noise and energy of the place.
text: Finally Semyon emerges from a cloud of steam with a scrap
dialog: of paper.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: This is an agency that hires casual
dialog: kitchen staff. Maybe you will
dialog: have more luck there. But I think
dialog: they will be closed until New Year.
text: As Anna takes the address, Kirill puts his head around
text: the door and yells through the noise.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Papa, Ozim is here.
text: Semyon is alarmed and claps his hand in urgent fashion.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Ten minutes!!
dialog: (to the rest of the
dialog: kitchen)
dialog: Fish, fish, fish! Ten minutes!
dialog: OK, Kirill, get him a drink and
dialog: tell him I am coming.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 16.
speaker_heading: 18 CONTINUED: 18
text: Semyon takes a pot from the heat, suddenly flustered.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Anna, I'm so sorry I couldn't help.
dialog: It is sad.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: That's OK. I'll probably find out
dialog: more when I get her diary
dialog: translated.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Her diary?
text: There is the tiniest of changes in Semyon's manner. He
text: lays his heavy pot down.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I found her diary in her bag.
text: A pause. Semyon disappears into a billow of steam to put
text: a pan onto the heat then re-emerges.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Why did you not tell me you found
dialog: a diary?
text: He peers at her for a moment, his eyes hardening a little.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: OK, Anna, this is how it will be.
dialog: You will bring the diary here and
dialog: I will translate it for you. Then
dialog: if we get the names of any relatives
dialog: I will call them myself. I am
dialog: something of a... community leader
dialog: for the Russians here in this
dialog: unfriendly city. What do you say?
text: Semyon hoists a passing child into his arms.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I was going to ask my uncle....
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (apparently not
dialog: hearing)
dialog: And when you come I will make you
dialog: some more gravy like your papa
dialog: used to make and you can try the
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 17.
speaker_heading: 18 CONTINUED: (2) 18
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: fish with the sauce. OK? Tomorrow,
dialog: yes? Shall we say seven?
text: Anna is a little overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Then it is settled. But for now,
dialog: you must forgive me.
text: Semyon shrugs then kisses Anna on both cheeks.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Dosvedania.
dialog: (Goodbye)
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Dosvedania.
text: Anna heads for the door that leads back to the restaurant.
text: Semyon goes back to stirring but as he stirs he calls out.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Oh Anna, you always work at the
dialog: Trafalgar hospital?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yes, always.
text: A pause before Anna leaves Semyon to his clouds of steam.
scene_heading: 19 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - DAY 19
text: Kirill and Ozim are talking confidentially in a mix of
text: Russian and Turkish whispers at a table. Ozim's wife is
text: at a table alone, well out of their earshot, smoking a
text: cigarette and peeling glazed figs. As Anna walks by, Ozim
text: and Kirill stop talking. The scene has a much darker mood
text: to the bustling scene in the kitchen, but for now Anna
text: feels no unease. As she passes, Kirill surveys her with a
text: deadly smile and a professional eye.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Hey, you OK? You want a drink?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: No, thanks. I'm driving.
text: As Anna smiles, Ozim mumbles something in Turkish and Kirill
text: shushes him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 18.
speaker_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: OK. Merry Christmas. Drive safely.
text: Ozim giggles. Anna departs.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - DAY 20
text: Anna emerges into the daylight. As she does she sees that
text: four expensive-looking cars have already parked and various
text: ostentatiously dressed Russian and Turkish couples with
text: their children are emerging from their cars. The women are
text: all wearing furs, even the little girls. The men wear
text: leather or dark suits. They greet each other exuberantly
text: as they emerge from their cars. Anna suddenly feels
text: slightly uneasy. As she approaches her motorbike she sees
text: Nikolai leaning against the bonnet of his car, smoking,
text: still wearing shades. His bumper is almost touching Anna's
dialog: bike.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Nice bike.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Nice bike.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: A Ural. You don't see them anymore.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: It was my dad's.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: How much do you want for it?
dialog: Anna has already taken a dislike to this man. He is
text: arrogant and looks potentially violent. His shades, suit
dialog: and tattoos say it all.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: It has sentimental value.
text: Nikolai rolls the concept around in his mind and considers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 18A.
speaker_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: `Sentimental value'. I've heard
dialog: of that.
text: Anna puts her helmet on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 19.
speaker_heading: 20 CONTINUED: (2) 20
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not staying for the party?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Nor me. Chauffeurs don't get
dialog: invited. You want to go for a
dialog: drink instead?
text: Anna mounts her bike.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: It's Christmas. Everything's
dialog: closed.
text: Nikolai smiles.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Sometimes if things are closed you
dialog: just open them up, you know?
text: Anna now feels intimidated and luckily the bike fires first
text: time. She rides away. Nikolai watches her go and then
text: stubs his cigarette.
scene_heading: 21 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. DINING ROOM - NIGHT 21
text: Sudden silence... perhaps the ticking of a clock. This is
text: Anna's Christmas dinner, a total contrast to the chaos of
text: the restaurant. Stepan is attempting to carve the chicken.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: Anna, how come is it that your
dialog: boyfriend isn't here to carve?
text: Stepan takes a large sip of vodka.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I don't live with Oliver any more,
dialog: Uncle Stepan. I'm living back
dialog: here for a bit.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: For as long as you want.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: I knew he would run away from you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 20.
speaker_heading: 21 CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: He didn't run away. You make me
text: sound like a burning building.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: Black men always run away.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh Stepan!
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: What? I am allowed to be honest?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He was a doctor, Stepan.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What the hell has that got to do
dialog: with it?
text: A pause. Stepan sips his vodka.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: It is not natural to mix race and
dialog: race. That is why your baby died
dialog: inside you.
text: Anna slams her napkin onto the table.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Stepan, shut up!
dialog: (Anna gets to her
dialog: feet)
dialog: Please Anna.
text: Helen takes Anna's hand but she turns and leaves. Helen
text: stands to follow her, but first she whips Stepan's vodka
text: away from him.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're just how he was. Stupid
dialog: bloody drunken Russians.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. HELEN'S HOUSE. GARDEN - NIGHT 22
text: The garden is just outside the kitchen.
text: Anna is lighting a cigarette. Helen steps outside and
text: reacts to the cigarette. She is about to admonish Anna
text: for smoking, but Anna speaks first.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 21.
speaker_heading: 22 CONTINUED: 22
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: It's Christmas. I'm thirty-one.
text: A pause. Anna blows smoke, clearly upset.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Anna, you know what he's like.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I don't give a damn about Stepan.
dialog: Who has that poor baby got in the
dialog: whole world?
text: Helen reacts.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I knew this would happen.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Good. Fine. So you know
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Anna, she isn't your responsibility.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: The baby is my responsibility until
text: I hand her over to the mother.
text: The mother is dead.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Then it's up to the proper
dialog: authorities.
text: Anna smiles as if in agreement.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: The proper authorities will all be
dialog: skiing until after New Year.
text: Anna coughs a little then stubs her cigarette. Helen takes
text: the butt as if it were poisonous.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It's part of the grieving.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What grieving?
text: Helen touches her hand. An inadequate gesture.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: GOLDENROD Revision - 11/27/06 22.
speaker_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (2) 22
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: In the last year you've lost your
dialog: father and you lost a baby.
text: Anna is irritated but doesn't put words to her feelings.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come in and have your dinner.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I'm not hungry.
text: Anna and Helen look into each other's eyes for a moment
text: before Helen heads for the kitchen, carrying the cigarette
text: butt as if it were a deadly snake.
scene_heading: 22A INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. S.C.B.U. CHRISTINE'S PRIVATE ROOM -22A
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: In a private room in the Special Care Baby Unit, Anna
text: approaches Tatiana's baby's plastic crib. The baby is
text: tightly bundled up, sound asleep. Through the windows of
text: the room, we see the darkened, quiet ward outside - another
dialog: world.
text: Anna stands over the baby, her face full of emotion. There
text: we see pain, loss, shame, emptiness, isolation. Tears begin
text: to roll from her eyes, and then she is sobbing soundlessly.
scene_heading: 23 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 23
text: The Trans-Siberian restaurant is smoky with cigarettes and
text: cigars. The party is in full swing with two dozen guests
text: and family. One of the golden-haired children is playing
dialog: violin badly. The language is Russian, English and Turkish
text: mixed. Kirill is bringing a huge baked carp to the table.
text: His mobile phone rings and he wipes his hands on a towel
dialog: to answer it.
text: When he hears the voice, Kirill glances at his father and
text: moves quickly out of earshot. Semyon notices but hides
text: his concern. As Kirill walks, a child tugs his leg and
text: holds up a soft toy, asking a question in Russian.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: (to child)
dialog: He's called Goofy... Goofy yeah.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: So the coast is clear, yeah? What?
dialog: I said `coast'.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: GOLDENROD Revision - 11/27/06 22A.
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No, not the beach. It's an English
dialog: expression, you fucking baboon. I
dialog: mean...
dialog: (hissing out of ear
dialog: shot)
dialog: ...there are no police. You sure?
dialog: Good.
text: Kirill glances over at Semyon, who is apparently lost
text: amongst a sea of children, but we see from the corner of
text: his eye he is watching Kirill.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: GREEN Revision - 11/24/06 23.
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (2) 23
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: No, my dad's not involved. I'm a
dialog: big boy now. I do my own stuff.
dialog: Yeah. Merry Christmas.
text: Kirill cuts the call and nods to Ozim, who stubs his cigar.
text: Semyon notices their silent communication, then turns to
text: one of the violin-playing angels, smiles, and kisses her
text: on both cheeks.
speaker_heading: 24 OMITTED 24
scene_heading: 25 EXT. OZIM'S BARBER SHOP - NIGHT 25
text: We see the car pull up sharply outside Ozim's barber's
text: shop. Nikolai jumps out and opens the door for Ozim.
speaker_heading: 26 OMITTED 26
text: The three men walk to the door beside the barber shop.
text: Ozim takes a bunch of keys out and prepares to open the
text: door to the upstairs. He stops.
speaker_heading: OZIM
text: The driver stays down here.
text: Kirill smiles and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You really think I do this kind of
dialog: thing?
text: Kirill puts his hand on Nikolai's shoulder
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: This guy's not a driver. He's an
dialog: undertaker.
text: Ozim looks at Nikolai, highly dubious.
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 24.
scene_heading: 27 INT. OZIM'S BARBER SHOP. UPSTAIRS ROOMS - NIGHT 27
text: The rooms above Ozim's shop have been converted into a
text: drinking club. Ozim leads Nikolai and Kirill through the
text: debris of the night before. As they walk through, Ekrem
text: suddenly leaps out of the darkness with a yell. Kirill
text: and Nikolai both react with instinctive aggression.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: Hey, hey, hey Ekrem, sakim, durgun,
dialog: durgun.
speaker_heading: EKREM
dialog: I got tickets, Ozim. It's with
dialog: Chelsea. They said there was no
dialog: tickets but I got tickets for the
dialog: Chelsea game.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: OK, OK, OK. You go and watch a
dialog: DVD, yeah?
text: Ekrem nods and hugs Ozim. We realize he is slightly
text: deranged. Finally he lets Ozim go and leaves. Kirill
text: watches him go.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: He knows to say he hasn't seen us,
dialog: right Ozim?
text: Ozim finds the key to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: He don't know anything. He's
text: touched by the angels.
text: Ozim opens the kitchen door.
scene_heading: 28 INT. OZIM'S BARBER SHOP. KITCHEN - NIGHT 28
text: Inside the kitchen there are carcasses of lambs hanging
text: from meat hooks. There are knives and skewers around the
text: place. Ozim stops and locks the kitchen door behind them.
scene_heading: 29 INT. OZIM'S BARBER SHOP. KITCHEN - NIGHT 29
text: The freezer door opens and Ozim gestures towards a large
text: package bound up in black bin liners which are dusted with
text: frost. Kirill nods to Nikolai who grabs the package and
text: hauls it out onto the kitchen floor. Kirill tears a hole
text: in the bin liner and we see the frost-dusted face of Soyka.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 25.
speaker_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
text: Kirill studies the face and nods.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: That's him.
text: Kirill crosses himself.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: There was a time when he was like
dialog: a brother to me.
text: He puts his hand on his heart with mock solemnity.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Now he looks like a fucking ice
dialog: cream.
text: Kirill giggles.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Hey, hey, show some respect for a
dialog: dead man.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Respect? This is respect.
text: Kirill reaches into his pocket and produces an envelope
text: which he hands to Ozim. As Ozim opens the envelope and
text: begins to count the huge wad of cash, Kirill turns to
dialog: Nikolai.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: OK, Nikolai, he's all yours. And
dialog: show some respect. This Muslim is
dialog: scared of ghosts.
text: Nikolai squeezes the body inside the bags. It is rock
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Have you got a hair dryer?
scene_heading: 30 INT. OZIM'S BARBER SHOP. KITCHEN - NIGHT 30
text: We cut close to an ancient-looking hair dryer from the
text: shop downstairs being trained onto a human hand with a
text: large eagle tattoo. We pull wide to reveal the full,
text: gruesome scene.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 26.
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
text: Nikolai has the body of Soyka laid out on a surface, his
text: head still bound up in a bin bag, his lower portions bound
text: up similarly. Nikolai is de-frosting Soyka's left hand
text: with the hair dryer, concentrating on his ring finger which
text: has a gold ring on it. The parts of Soyka's shirt and
text: jacket which are visible are crusted with frozen blood.
text: Nikolai is wearing rubber gloves.
text: As he dries, Nikolai takes a sip of coffee. Ozim is
text: watching this scene with horror. Kirill has his arms
text: folded, mightily impressed.
text: Finally the hand is thawed enough for Nikolai to remove
text: the gold ring. He studies an inscription and then offers
text: it to Ozim. Ozim shakes his head as if the thing were a
text: contagion. Nikolai shrugs and pockets it. He then turns
text: the hair dryer back on and blows some hot air onto the
text: crisply bloody chest of Soyka. He tugs at the frozen lapel
text: of the jacket and blows air into the inside pocket. Within
text: a few moments he is able to remove Soyka's glistening,
text: thawing wallet which is caked in frozen blood. He opens
text: it (we glimpse a photo of a wife and children) and blows
text: hot air onto the money inside.
text: He tugs a wad of frozen bank notes from the wallet, all
text: stuck together by drops of frozen blood. He offers this
text: money to Ozim as well but Ozim shakes his head vigorously.
text: Kirill hoots with laughter. Ozim is now staring at Nikolai
text: as if he were a devil from hell.
text: Nikolai grabs a plastic bag and puts the money inside it,
text: then pockets the frozen wad. He tosses the rest of the
text: frozen wallet to Ozim, who instinctively catches it.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: You'd better burn that.
text: Ozim, reacting to the cold of the wallet and to the horror
text: of it, drops the thing on the floor. Nikolai looks at
text: Ozim as if he were a complete amateur.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you finish cutting his hair?
dialog: Ozim can't answer.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: I just thought you might want six-
text: fifty out of his pockets.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 27.
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED: (2) 30
text: Kirill laughs. Nikolai takes a deep breath to prepare
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: OK, now I'm going to do his teeth
text: and cut off his fingers.
dialog: (to Ozim)
dialog: You might want to leave the room.
text: Ozim thinks, decides, leaves fast. A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: You too, Kirill.
text: Kirill smiles and pats Nikolai on the cheek.
text: Kirill leaves. Nikolai is left alone. His hand shakes a
text: little as he picks up his cup of coffee.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. NINE ELMS. ABANDONED DOCK - MORNING 31
text: Nikolai pulls up beside a rusting crane on the abandoned
text: dock in a dry-cleaner's van. Kirill watches as Nikolai
text: grabs the semi-thawed body, now bagged and tied, lifts it
text: onto his shoulder, and smartly approaches the dockside.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Aren't you going to weight him
dialog: down or something?
text: Nikolai drops the body into the water with a splash.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: If you want to dump a body, this
dialog: is the place. The currents keep
text: it under the surface until past
dialog: the barrier.
text: Nikolai and Kirill watch as the body is swallowed by a
text: fast ocean-bound current.
scene_heading: 32 EXT. LONDON STREET - NIGHT 32
text: Anna pulls up at some lights on her motorbike.
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: My friend said he would get me to
dialog: Amsterdam and from there we could
dialog: find a way into London. I have
dialog: been practising my singing and
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 28.
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: have even rejoined the church choir.
dialog: I am also practising my English.
scene_heading: 33 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 33
text: Semyon sits alone at the dinner table in the restaurant
dialog: where before there was family and uproar. Outside it's
text: dark and raining. He is reading a Russian crime novel. A
text: half-empty bottle of vodka sits on the table.
text: Tatiana's voice-over continues as we cut inside the
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: My friend says his uncle owns the
dialog: restaurant where you can sing. He
dialog: is sure this man will take care of
dialog: me.
text: There is a knock at the door and Semyon looks up sharply.
text: His eyes glisten. He puts his novel aside.
scene_heading: 34 INT./EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. DOOR - NIGHT 34
text: Semyon is unlocking the door and discovering, in the drizzle
text: and half light, that it is Anna.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Ah. My dear! I wasn't expecting
dialog: you so early.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Is it OK?
scene_heading: 35 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 35
text: Semyon and Anna are sitting down at the candlelit table.
text: Anna fumbles in her bag and produces a sheaf of photocopied
text: sheets. She has photocopied the pages of the diary and
text: they are laid out in segments on each page.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I copied the whole thing.
text: Semyon takes the pages and looks troubled.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Where is the original?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 29.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I'm going to keep it. Maybe give
dialog: it to Tatiana's daughter someday.
text: Semyon looks thwarted but hides it well. He studies the
text: photocopied sheets for a while then looks up and smiles.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: I will need my spectacles and a
dialog: clear head. Today I broke my rules
dialog: and drank vodka. Tomorrow I will
dialog: translate it.
text: He folds the papers carefully.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Then I will bring what I have done
dialog: to your home. Where do you live,
dialog: Anna?
text: There is nothing in Semyon's smile to cause alarm but Anna
text: perhaps remembers Nikolai. Finally...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Not far. I can drop by and pick
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Then maybe I can drive you home.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I'm fine. I'm on my motorbike.
text: Semyon stares at her for a moment.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: So what will happen to the poor
dialog: child?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: After Christmas, they'll do a
dialog: missing persons report.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Who will?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: The police.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 30.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: (2) 35
text: Semyon doesn't blink. At that moment a little girl of
text: seven (MARIA) emerges from the darkness, carrying a soft
dialog: toy.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Grandpa.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Hey, hey, Maria, go back to bed.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I'm too sad. Next Christmas isn't
dialog: for another hundreds and hundreds
dialog: of days.
text: Semyon takes her onto his knee. As he does, we see, for
text: the first time, an eagle tattoo on his wrist.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: But you have had so many presents.
text: The girl wafts Semyon's cigar smoke.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You shouldn't smoke, Grandpa.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: I know.
text: Semyon cuddles Maria and stubs his cigar.
text: Anna smiles at the warm family scene, perhaps remembering
dialog: her own father.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 36
text: Nikolai gets out of the Mercedes and helps an extremely
text: pissed Kirill out of the car into the rain. Kirill is so
text: drunk he slips through Nikolai's hands and lands in the
text: gutter.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: We're partners now, man, you know?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 31.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I know.
text: Nikolai manages to lift him to his feet again. As they
text: head towards the restaurant, Anna emerges. Nikolai looks
text: up, curious, as Semyon kisses her on both cheeks in the
text: doorway. As she turns Kirill stumbles forwards and collapses
text: in front of her. Nikolai looks up at Anna, his face
text: splashed with rain.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: What? You never seen anybody pissed
dialog: before?
text: Semyon looks down at the drunken Kirill and slams the door
text: of the restaurant. Nikolai sighs, then turns to Kirill
text: and starts to go through his pockets.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Kirill. Where are your
dialog: keys?
text: Anna walks around the two of them, watching the undignified
text: struggle as Nikolai finds Kirill's keys. Nikolai smiles
dialog: at her.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Who are you, anyway?
text: Anna hurries away into the rain. Nikolai finds Kirill's
text: keys and drags him toward the door of the restaurant.
scene_heading: 37 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 37
text: Nikolai heaves Kirill into a chair. Semyon is back at his
text: novel and watches as Kirill attempts to get to his feet
text: and then stumbles to the floor. He slumps down, now
text: totally unconscious, breathing deeply. Nikolai smiles.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: We went to a Kurdish place. They
dialog: don't even celebrate Christmas.
text: Semyon steps up to where Kirill is lying and stands over
text: him for a moment. Then he kicks him hard in the guts with
text: all his might. Nikolai is shocked, and grabs Semyon's
text: arm. A hand laid upon him is like deadly poison. Kirill
text: grunts and moans.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 32.
speaker_heading: 37 CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Hey, Papa, what did I do? This is
dialog: Merry Christmas or what?
text: Semyon kicks him hard in the guts again.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I think he's had enough.
text: Nikolai steps in between Semyon and Kirill. Semyon is
dialog: shocked that anyone should face him like this.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Who... the fuck... are you to tell
dialog: me enough?
text: Nikolai's face hardens.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: We're partners.
text: Nikolai looks down at Kirill.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: He's thunder, I'm lightning. He
dialog: makes all the noise, I do all the
dialog: damage.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: I hired you as a driver...
text: Semyon bends to roughly hoist Kirill into a chair.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: ...someone to stop him killing
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Well, you got more than a driver.
text: Nikolai reaches into his pocket for a business card and
text: offers it to Semyon. As Semyon looks at the card in the
text: candle light, he also sees the TATTOO OF AN EAGLE on
text: Nikolai's hand.
text: It is obvious that the tattoo means more than the card to
text: Semyon, and he reacts.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: I run a mini-cab business.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 33.
speaker_heading: 37 CONTINUED: (2) 37
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Albanians, Chechens, Russians.
dialog: They deliver packages. Anything.
dialog: Anywhere.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: I only took this job so that I
dialog: could get to meet you.
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: I think you and I could do business
dialog: together.
text: A pause. Semyon looks at Nikolai with utter contempt.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: I have no idea what business you're
dialog: talking about. Now get out.
text: Nikolai smiles and then leaves. Semyon watches him go
text: then peers at his drunken, sleeping son with something
text: approaching compassion.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 38
text: Nikolai hurries out to his car in the rain. He hears an
text: engine splutter and spots Anna still trying to kick-start
text: her motorbike. He approaches. She's already soaked.
text: Nikolai watches her try to start the bike and fail.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: You've got water in it.
text: Deadpan, Anna looks up and holds out her hand into pouring
dialog: rain.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Water? What makes you think that?
text: Anna tries to start the bike again. Nothing.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: The postmen used these. In my
dialog: village. When I was a boy. Russian
text: copy of BMW flat twin.
text: Anna tries one more time to start the bike and growls with
text: fury. Nikolai gently takes her shoulders and after a brief
text: resistance Anna climbs off the bike. Nikolai sits astride
text: it. He kicks it. It fails to start. Anna folds her arms.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 33A.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
text: He tries again. And again. He climbs off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 34.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (2) 38
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Get a bus.
text: Anna curses under her breath. Nikolai isn't sure what to
text: make of her. She begins to chain the bike's rear wheel.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: You got far to go?
text: Anna tucks her crash helmet under her arm and prepares to
text: set off walking.
speaker_heading: ANNA
text: Just across the park.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I'm a driver. I even do limousines.
dialog: Look...
text: Nikolai opens the rear car door.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: If Semyon found out I let one of
text: his guests walk home in the rain,
dialog: he'd fire me. And I can take care
dialog: of your bike. So...
text: Nikolai holds open the rear car door. Rain pours.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. LONDON STREET - NIGHT 39
text: Nikolai is driving Anna through the rain-swept streets.
text: The wipers beat time as they drive in silence. As Nikolai
text: holds the steering wheel, Anna sees the intricate detail
text: of the eagle tattoo on the back of his right hand.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: So you're a midwife. Jesus.
text: Anna smiles politely.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: What's it like?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You get used to it.
text: A pause. Nikolai seems vaguely horrified at a memory.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I didn't faint, but it was close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 35.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: How many have you got?
text: Nikolai half shrugs. Pause.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: What, you don't know?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Yeah, I know, I know, it's just...
dialog: it makes me upset, you know?
dialog: Thinking about it. This time of
dialog: year. They're back in Yekaterinburg.
text: In the forests. Near the mountains.
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Left here.
dialog: Nikolai turns.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: So Semyon employs you?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I'm... sort of freelance.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You said he'd fire you.
text: Nikolai doesn't answer. Anna decides she can be bold.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you ever meet a girl called
dialog: Tatiana?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I meet lots of girls called Tatiana.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: She was pregnant.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: In that case, no, I never heard of
dialog: her.
text: Anna doesn't care for the smile on Nikolai's face.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: She died last night on my shift.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 36.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: (2) 39
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I thought you did birth.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Sometimes birth and death go
dialog: together.
dialog: (pause)
text: She had needle punctures all over
text: both arms. Dehydration, emaciation.
dialog: Early presentation of syphilis.
text: Probably a prostitute. At the age
dialog: of fourteen.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (quickly, without a
dialog: pause)
dialog: You know what? I hate the rain.
dialog: This time of year. You ever been
dialog: to Russia at Christmas? Man, snow
dialog: that covers your whole house.
text: Nikolai glances at Anna in the rear-view mirror.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh yeah. And the ice. Whole lakes
dialog: covered in ice. You don't want to
dialog: walk across them, though. Ice
dialog: gets thin where you least expect
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You think Semyon's son knew her?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Like I said, I'm a driver. I go
dialog: left, I go right, I go straight
dialog: ahead. That's it.
text: Anna nods, her curiosity and suspicions aroused. Nikolai
text: glances at her.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Just here is great.
text: Nikolai pulls over and Anna opens her door to escape.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: How much do I owe you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 37.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: (3) 39
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Christmas present.
scene_heading: 39A EXT. HELEN'S HOUSE - NIGHT 39A
text: Nikolai watches her hurry to her front door and let herself
dialog: in.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. THE BANKS OF THE THAMES - NEXT MORNING 40
text: Somewhere within sight of the Thames barrier.
text: A dozen policemen and forensic investigators are milling
text: round on a shale beach, the icy waters of the Thames lapping
text: at their feet.
scene_heading: 40A INT. FORENSIC TENT - MORNING 40A
text: A large tent has been erected over the body of Soyka. Inside
text: the tent two senior police officers await the arrival of a
text: third man, a specialist from the Russian desk (YURI), who
text: is not dressed for the weather. He has obviously been
text: dragged out of bed. He is led to the side of the body.
text: One of the officers pulls up the dead man's hand and shows
dialog: him the eagle tattoo.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: We think he might be Russian Mafia.
text: Yuri studies the tattoo, then borrows a torch. He crouches
text: to push up the wet trouser leg on the corpse's right leg.
text: When the knee is exposed in torch light we see a small
text: star tattooed on the knee cap.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: He is actually a Chechen. He is
dialog: also a member of the vory v zakone.
dialog: The stars on the knees mean he
dialog: would never kneel before anyone.
text: Yuri opens the dead man's shirt and we see a tattoo of an
text: eight-pointed star on his chest.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: In Russian prisons, your life story
dialog: is written on your body in tattoos.
dialog: You don't exist without tattoos.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He was a captain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 37A.
speaker_heading: 40A CONTINUED: 40A
text: He then checks out the fingers in the torchlight and we
text: glimpse that the finger tips have been sawn off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 37B.
speaker_heading: 40A CONTINUED: (2) 40A
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: But he has been processed
dialog: professionally.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 38.
speaker_heading: 40A CONTINUED: (3) 40A
text: Yuri straightens and grabs a paper towel to wipe his hands.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: There was something else. It was...
text: inside the body. Chest cavity.
text: The officer holds up a small zip-lock bag which has a
text: handwritten note sealed inside it. The handwriting is just
text: visible through the wet cellophane.
scene_heading: 40B EXT. THE BANKS OF THE THAMES - MORNING 40B
text: Yuri steps outside the forensic tent. He opens the bag and
text: takes out the note. He unfolds it to read, then smiles to
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: 41 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. ANNA'S BEDROOM - MORNING 41
text: Anna is drying her hair, looking at herself in the mirror.
text: She turns off the dryer. There is a knock on the door.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Anna?
text: Helen enters looking anxious. We see Stepan hovering in
dialog: the background.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Stepan, come here. Tell her what
dialog: you told me.
text: Stepan stands primly in the doorway, strangely defiant.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Stepan, what? I'm late for work.
text: He shakes his head angrily. Finally from behind his back
text: he produces Tatiana's diary.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Who gave you that?
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: It was on the dresser.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Mum, you can't go through my things.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 38A.
speaker_heading: 41 CONTINUED: 41
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You wanted him to translate it.
text: Anna gets up to grab the diary.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 39.
speaker_heading: 41 CONTINUED: (2) 41
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: And he said he wouldn't do it so
dialog: I've found somebody else.
text: Stepan explodes.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: No Anna! You don't go to someone
dialog: else with this! You don't go to
dialog: anyone! Nasilovanie, it means rape.
dialog: Iglah, it means needle.
dialog: Prostitutcia, perhaps you can guess.
text: Stepan hands the diary to Anna and then turns.
speaker_heading: STEPAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I go to wash my hands.
text: He disappears. Anna and Helen are left in awkward silence.
text: Anna buries the diary in her dressing table drawer. Helen
text: looks at her with anxiety.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Anna, Stepan said this girl ended
dialog: up in the hands of the vory v
dialog: zakone. Do you know what that
dialog: means?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Just because I'm back in this room
dialog: doesn't mean I'm twelve again.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You never listened to me even then!
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Look, if I don't find a relative
dialog: in the next few days they'll put
dialog: Christine out for fostering. Once
dialog: she's in the system, she'll never
dialog: get out again.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Who named her Christine?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 40.
speaker_heading: 41 CONTINUED: (3) 41
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I had to call her something. It
dialog: sounds like Christmas.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She's very beautiful.
text: Helen is now deeply concerned.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: If I can persuade Stepan to
dialog: translate it, will you leave the
dialog: rest to the police?
text: Anna looks at Helen, then digs out the diary and hands it
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Tell him I've heard bad words
dialog: before.
text: Helen is about to leave. She stops in the doorway.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Your father used to say the vory
dialog: are a contagious disease. There's
dialog: no cure once they've touched you.
text: A pause. Anna smiles.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Momma, this is London.
scene_heading: 42 INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE. NEGLECTED SITTING ROOM - DAY 42
dialog: We are in HARLESDEN, NORTH LONDON.
text: A large portable stereo is playing rock music.
text: The curtains are drawn against daylight. The living room
text: is decorated in seventies suburban style, but with the
text: wall paper peeling and the paint work fading. Kitsch
text: paintings still decorate the walls.
text: Six young East-European girls are sitting on a broken-down
text: sofa and on hard-backed chairs, wearing short skirts. Their
text: eyes are sunken and their faces vacant of expression, but
text: they are painted with so much make-up they almost look
text: like tiny, sad clowns.
text: They sit in silence as the music blares out. After a few
text: moments a young Albanian man enters and claps his hands.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 41.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: ALBANIAN
dialog: OK, boss is here. Boss, boss.
dialog: You make him happy...
text: All the girls apart from one immediately get to their feet
text: and begin to dance to the music, their bodies moving
text: awkwardly and painfully. The Albanian approaches the one
text: girl who refused to stand and yanks her to her feet.
text: He slaps her hard and hisses at her in Albanian. She tries
text: to sit down again but he pulls her up and slaps her again.
text: Finally he shoves her into the middle of the room and she
text: begins to dance, sobbing as she does.
speaker_heading: ALBANIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: No fucking crying. It's a party!
scene_heading: 43 EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - DAY 43
text: Kirill and Nikolai are climbing out of Nikolai's Mercedes.
text: Kirill is in full flow as they walk towards the house.
text: The rock music is audible outside the house.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: So he said to me, `who is this
dialog: driver guy?' I laughed so hard.
text: Kirill knocks on the door hard.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: And I said you were the safest guy
dialog: I'd met. Solid.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: And what did he say?
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You know my dad. He didn't say
text: nothing. But his eyes looked
dialog: impressed.
text: The door opens and the Albanian opens his arms in welcome.
speaker_heading: ALBANIAN
dialog: Kirill!
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Get out of the fucking way, you
text: black gypsy baboon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 42.
speaker_heading: 43 CONTINUED: 43
text: Kirill pushes his way inside and Nikolai follows.
scene_heading: 44 INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE. SITTING ROOM - DAY 44
text: Kirill and Nikolai are swigging whisky from the bottle and
text: dancing with the girls. Some of the girls are drinking,
text: too, and managing to laugh. Kirill is dancing maniacally
text: and swinging his girl around faster and faster until she
text: falls over.
text: Nikolai swigs his drink and notices the girl who refused
text: to stand up. She is standing in the corner, sobbing.
text: Nikolai doesn't care to look at her for more than a second
text: and he goes back to dancing.
text: After a moment Kirill dances his way over to Nikolai and
text: yells above the music.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: OK, which one you going to fuck!?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: What's it to you?
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Serious. Pick one.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I'm just enjoying myself, man...
text: Kirill suddenly stops dancing and stares at Nikolai. He
text: yells again over the music.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You hear me? You're going to fuck
dialog: one of these girls.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: OK, OK, Jesus...
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You're going to fuck one of these
dialog: girls right now. That's an order.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: What? What's the matter with you?
text: Kirill suddenly goes to the stereo system and yanks the
text: plug from the wall. Silence. The girls look terrified.
text: The only sound is the sobbing of the girl who won't dance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 43.
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
text: Kirill is glaring at Nikolai.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Come on Nikolai. Who are you going
dialog: to fuck?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm recommending you to my dad. I
dialog: want to make sure you're not a
dialog: fucking queer.
text: Kirill looks suddenly wild. He swigs his whisky. A long
dialog: pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: You've drunk enough Kirill.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Enough?
text: Kirill hurls his whisky bottle against the wall. The girls
dialog: all flinch.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: You fucking Siberian ox don't tell
dialog: a vor what is enough.
text: A pause. Nikolai studies Kirill's anger.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I've brought you to my dad's best
text: stable. He uses this place himself.
dialog: They're all clean. Now I'm going
dialog: to watch you fuck one of these
dialog: girls to prove to me that you ain't
dialog: queer.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: So which one is it going to be?
text: Silence. Nikolai looks around the room. Finally... Nikolai
text: turns to the girl who is sobbing.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Her.
text: Kirill smiles.
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 44.
scene_heading: 45 INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE. BEDROOM - DAY 45
text: Nikolai is fucking the girl, who is now silent. She is on
text: all fours, registering no emotion.
text: Kirill is leaning against the wall, drinking wine from the
text: bottle, watching Nikolai with burning eyes, his lust and
text: drunken jealousy mixing together. Nikolai grits his teeth
text: and comes inside the girl. Kirill whoops and whistles and
text: begins to applaud.
text: The girl is still silent, expressionless.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You did OK! You did OK.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Yeah?
text: Nikolai glares at Kirill.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Well if my examination is over,
dialog: get the fuck out of here while I
dialog: get dressed.
text: Kirill grins and offers the girl an elaborate bow before
text: leaving. Finally alone, Nikolai gently helps the girl to
text: lie down. She is numb. He covers her up with a blanket
text: then begins to pull on his clothes. The girl is staring up
text: at the ceiling.
text: After a few moments she begins to sing a Russian folk song
text: softly under her breath. Nikolai speaks to her softly in
dialog: Russian.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: What's your last name?
text: A pause. Finally the girl stops singing but is silent.
text: Nikolai is insistent.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Tell me your last name.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Kirilenko.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: GOLDENROD Revision - 11/27/06 45.
speaker_heading: 45 CONTINUED: 45
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Where are you from?
text: Silence. She looks up and stares into Nikolai's eyes.
text: She sees some urgency there...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Ukraine.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Ukrainian)
dialog: Where? Which village? Which town?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (in Ukrainian)
text: Irpen. Outside Kiev.
text: The girl is asking a silent question but Nikolai doesn't
text: linger. He heads for the door then stops and turns.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Ukrainian)
dialog: Stay alive a little longer.
scene_heading: 46 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. S.C.B.U. CHRISTINE'S PRIVATE ROOM -46
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: In the half-lit private room, Anna is dancing with Christine
text: in her arms. She is singing a lullaby softly to her. The
text: door is open to the rest of the ward and all the other
text: babies are silent.
text: Finally she lays a sleeping Christine back in her crib.
text: She sits down on the bed where the mother should be. She
text: curses herself silently and gets to her feet, determined
text: to pull herself together.
text: As she starts to leave the private room to enter the ward,
text: she is suddenly confronted by Semyon.
text: He is standing in the shadows, a Bavarian trilby in his
text: hands. Anna gasps with shock. Semyon speaks softly...
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Hello Anna. I came on tiptoes.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: How did you get in here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 45A.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: There are always open doors, Anna
dialog: Ivanovna.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 46.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: (2) 46
text: Anna glances at an alarm button.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You're not allowed in here.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Please Anna, let me speak.
text: Semyon looks to be almost in tears. He speaks softly.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: I translated the diary...
text: A baby begins to cry and is comforted somewhere across the
dialog: ward.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: I was shocked to discover... that
dialog: my son Kirill is mentioned many
dialog: times.
text: Semyon appears to be fighting tears.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: I have known for some years that
dialog: he has strayed from the path I set
text: out for him. His mother died when
dialog: he was very young.
text: A pause. Anna almost begins to buy his sorrow...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What does it say about him?
text: Semyon looks up, his eyes filled with tears.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Many bad things.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: But Anna please. Let me deal with
dialog: him. If the diary should find its
dialog: way to the police...
text: Semyon wipes his eyes.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Some of the things my son did are
dialog: illegal. Anna, he is a good boy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 47.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: (3) 46
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I don't care about him. I care
dialog: about the baby.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Of course. Of course. And that is
dialog: the baby?
text: Semyon glances over Anna's shoulder into the corner where
text: Christine is sleeping. Anna freezes and doesn't reply.
text: Semyon takes her hand.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Anna, I have made some inquiries
dialog: and I have found out an address
dialog: for Tatiana's family in Russia.
dialog: That's where the baby belongs, no?
text: Anna reacts but Semyon's face suddenly hardens...
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: So... perhaps we can do a deal.
text: He stares into her eyes.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you understand me, Anna?
text: At that moment a nurse walks by and hesitates when she
text: sees Semyon.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Anna?
speaker_heading: ANNA
text: It's OK. He's just leaving.
text: Semyon puts his hat onto his head.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: You know where I am, Anna Ivanovna.
text: He turns.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: And I know where you are.
text: Semyon disappears into the shadows of the ward. As Anna
dialog: reacts we hear Tatiana in V.O.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 48.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: (4) 46
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: I was thrown down the stairs and
dialog: fell onto some sacks, like potato
dialog: sacks...
scene_heading: 47 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. KITCHEN - DAY 47
text: Stepan is sitting at the kitchen table, translating
text: Tatiana's diary aloud, as Helen transcribes it onto a note
text: pad. Stepan's translation breaks up with emotion but he
text: tries to remain detached. Helen also tries hard to
text: concentrate on her task but wipes away a tear as she writes.
text: Tatiana's V.O. slowly blends into Stepan's voice...
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: ...like potato sacks. Kirill came
dialog: down after me and he hit me until
dialog: I was bleeding. Then he tried to
dialog: rape me but he couldn't do it...
dialog: He just got madder and madder and
dialog: kept hitting me. In the end his
dialog: father came down. It was the father
dialog: who raped me. He shouted at his
dialog: son...'if you don't break a horse,
dialog: it will never be tame, Kirill'.
text: They hear a key in the door and prepare for Anna's arrival.
text: When she enters she feels the tense silence. After a
text: moment, Helen tries to be bright...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Hello dear. How was your night?
text: Anna sees the tears in both their eyes. She sees the diary
text: and the transcription and sits down.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
text: Stepan's arthritis is playing up.
dialog: I'm taking dictation.
text: Helen gets to her feet.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like some tea or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: No.
text: Anna gently pushes Helen back into her seat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 49.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: He came to see me.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
text: The man from the restaurant. He
dialog: came to the hospital.
text: Stepan leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: I told you this would happen! I
dialog: told you!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Sit down Stepan.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
text: The devil is loose now.
text: Everyone begins to talk at once...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I know it's my fault...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It's no one's fault...
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: They are in this room now. They
dialog: are cancer...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We should just sit down calmly and
dialog: think...
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: I have a friend from Ukraine who
dialog: owns a gun....
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Stepan!!
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: ...from the war in Afghanistan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 50.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: (2) 47
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Don't talk about guns...
text: Anna suddenly stands up.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Shut up both of you!!!
text: Silence. Everyone catches their breath.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: OK... now... what would dad have
dialog: done?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: We all know what he would have
dialog: done.
text: Stepan heads for the kitchen cupboard and produces a bottle
text: of vodka. Rather than admonish him, Anna and Helen both
text: nod agreement. Stepan pours three large vodkas. Stepan
text: knocks his down. Anna and Helen take sips.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: And then he would have been
dialog: practical.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: He would ask if there were bullets
dialog: for the gun.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: No! This isn't our world. We're
dialog: just... ordinary people.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: I dealt with the vory v zakone
dialog: when I worked for the KGB.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You never worked for the fucking
dialog: KGB!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Anna!
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: (primly)
dialog: I was an auxiliary!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 51.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: (3) 47
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Please!
text: A stand off. Finally...
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: What did this man want?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: The diary. In return he'll give
dialog: us an address for Tatiana's family.
dialog: For Christine's family.
text: A pause. They all look to each other.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: And that's all he wants?
text: Stepan is utterly astounded.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: You cannot do deals with these
dialog: people!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: This isn't a deal. It's an exchange
dialog: of information.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: Have you forgotten already what I
dialog: just read to you?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We must be practical.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Stepan, I think he was threatening
dialog: to harm Christine.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Then it's settled.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: No!! No!! No!!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (repeating as a
dialog: mantra)
dialog: Stepan, this isn't our world. We
dialog: are ordinary people.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 52.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: (4) 47
text: Stepan stares at them both for a long time. Finally he
text: gets to his feet and points to the diary.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: She was an ordinary person.
text: He leaves. Anna and Helen hold hands, genuinely close now
dialog: for the first time in a long time.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NEXT DAY 48
text: Nikolai pulls up in his car. He checks his look in the
text: rear view mirror and puts on his sunglasses. As he gets
text: out of the car he notices that Anna's motorbike is still
text: there. He approaches it, strokes the bodywork. Suddenly,
text: someone grabs him from behind. It's Kirill.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Hey, come on, Nikolai, I've got a
dialog: Christmas present for you.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. BACK DELIVERY AREA - DAY 49
text: A white van is parked with its rear doors open, ready for
text: unloading. Kirill shows Nikolai that the van is loaded
text: with unmarked white boxes.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Open one.
text: Nikolai opens one of the boxes and produces a bottle of
dialog: vintage champagne.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: From France. Old as fuck. Old is
dialog: good with wine. Sixty quid a bottle
dialog: anywhere. Except I got them for
dialog: ten quid a case.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: From where?
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: `From where?' From where you don't
dialog: ask. Give it here...
text: Kirill snatches the bottle and begins to uncork it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 53.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: If my dad says OK, I can start
dialog: telling you about the serious stuff.
dialog: Import, export. This booze is just
dialog: for gifts to Papa's friends. The
dialog: real import stuff is from Kabul,
dialog: you understand?
text: He pops the cork and swigs the frothing champagne.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Import-export sounds good.
text: Kirill laughs.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You bet it's fucking good...
text: Nikolai hands the bottle back. As he does, one of the van
text: doors is kicked closed revealing Semyon, suddenly upon
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus Christ, Papa... You scared
dialog: me....
text: Semyon grabs the bottle of champagne and smashes it on the
text: floor. Kirill recoils in terror. Nikolai straightens,
text: faces up.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: What's wrong? We're just sampling
dialog: it!
text: Semyon is so furious he still can't speak. He grabs Kirill
text: and slams him against the wall. Finally he hisses in his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Your friend Soyka is dead.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Yeah? So what? What's that got
dialog: to do with me?
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Don't lie to me!!
text: Semyon slams Kirill against the wall once more.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 54.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: (2) 49
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: I swear I don't know nothing about
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: I said, don't lie to me!
text: Semyon slams Kirill hard against the wall again. Suddenly
text: Nikolai steps forward.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Your dad is right, Kirill. There's
dialog: no point lying to him.
text: A pause. Semyon and Kirill are frozen for a moment.
text: Nikolai calmly lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
text: Ozim's nephew slit Soyka's throat.
dialog: Kirill paid him to do it.
text: There is stunned silence. Semyon loosens his grip on
dialog: Kirill.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Shut your fucking mouth!
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Your dad always knows the truth
dialog: anyway.
text: Nikolai and Semyon survey each other.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: But it's OK boss. You don't have
dialog: to worry...
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: I don't have to worry?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I disposed of the body myself. The
dialog: police won't find a thing.
dialog: Semyon has now lost all interest in Kirill and is
text: concentrating on Nikolai. He laughs with incredulity.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: My son commits a murder?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 55.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: (3) 49
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: On my own doorstep? A fellow
dialog: soldier! And no one thought to
dialog: tell me about it?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: The vory code says you don't talk
dialog: to anybody about your captain.
dialog: Kirill is my captain.
dialog: Semyon circles Nikolai.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: When I found out what had happened,
dialog: I did what I had to do to clean
dialog: the situation up.
text: Kirill is about to speak but before he can, Nikolai speaks
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: It was a matter of honor. Soyka
dialog: was spreading lies about Kirill.
dialog: About your family.
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Kirill did the right thing.
text: Semyon hisses with fury and grabs Nikolai.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: I decide what is right and what is
dialog: wrong. You do not kill a vor for
dialog: no reason.
text: Nikolai shrugs Semyon off, holding his ground.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: You know as well as I do Soyka was
text: talking to the police.
text: A pause. Semyon is shocked at the depth of Nikolai's
text: knowledge. He peers at him.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: For a driver, you are well informed.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I've got connections with the
dialog: Chechens who export cars. Soyka
text: was speaking to the Russian desk.
dialog: Scotland Yard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 56.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: (4) 49
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Kirill did a good thing for all
dialog: our people. Our people will know
dialog: that.
text: In Semyon's silence Kirill finally gathers courage...
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Papa, I swear to you, I was going
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Shut up!
text: Kirill is hurt that Semyon seems only to be interested in
dialog: Nikolai. After studying Nikolai for a while...
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: If you are so well informed, you
dialog: will know Soyka has brothers.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: That's OK. Kirill has got me.
text: Semyon shows the first flicker of admiration. He then
text: looks at Kirill with utter contempt, making the comparison
dialog: with Nikolai obvious.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Get these boxes out of sight.
text: Semyon leaves them. Kirill is angry, straightening his
text: clothes. Finally he yells....
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You heard him, patsan! Get these
text: boxes out of sight.
scene_heading: 50 INT. BURGER RESTAURANT - DAY 50
text: It is Saturday morning and the place is full of families.
text: Christmas decorations are beginning to look ragged.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 57.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: 50
text: Anna and Helen are sitting at a table, terrified but trying
text: hard to stay calm. Stepan arrives with a tray of coffees
text: and a burger. He sits, and Anna and Helen glance uneasily
text: at each other. Stepan begins to eat noisily.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: How the hell can you eat?
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: I'm hungry.
text: There is a tension that builds until Nikolai's Mercedes
text: suddenly looms into view, filling the street window of the
text: burger bar. Nikolai gets out of his car, all shades and
dialog: sharp suit.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: That's their driver.
text: Stepan very deliberately slides his hand into his inside
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Tell me you haven't done anything
dialog: ridiculous...
text: Stepan removes his hand, empty, his bravado crushed.
text: Nikolai enters the restaurant and spots Anna. He comes
text: and sits at the table beside Stepan, opposite Anna. It's
text: a tight squeeze. Anna and Helen are stiff with terror.
text: Nikolai smiles.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Meet in a public place with lots
dialog: of people around. Very wise.
text: He smiles at Helen.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: And I see you brought along a body
dialog: guard. Also very wise.
text: Stepan is shaking with emotion and hisses something in
dialog: Russian.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 58.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: (2) 50
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: (whispers, in Russian)
dialog: When I was in the KGB, we knew how
dialog: to deal with scum like you.
text: Nikolai smiles.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: When you were in what?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Shush, Stepan. Anna?
text: Nikolai is amused by the three of them. Anna produces
text: Tatiana's diary and hands it to Nikolai. Nikolai studies
text: it and nods. He gets to his feet...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (shaking)
dialog: Now you give me the address.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: What address?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Tatiana's family.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about.
text: Nikolai calmly heads for the door. Stepan hisses.
speaker_heading: STEPAN
dialog: I told you! I knew they would do
dialog: this....
text: Anna gets to her feet.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Anna! No! Come back here!
text: Anna races out of the restaurant in pursuit of Nikolai.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. BURGER RESTAURANT - DAY 51
text: Nikolai has emerged into the busy suburban street and is
text: about to get in to his car. Anna flies at him, yelling.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 59.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: She was fourteen! Read the diary!
dialog: She was fourteen when he raped
dialog: her!
text: Nikolai casually hits the key fob of his car.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: You murdered her! You bastards
dialog: murdered her!
text: Passers-by stare at Anna. Helen and Stepan have come out
text: of the restaurant to restrain her. Nikolai stops and judges
text: the fury on Anna's face. He speaks calmly.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Anger is very dangerous. It makes
dialog: people do stupid things. Forget
dialog: any of this ever happened. You're
dialog: in the wrong place, Anna Ivanovna.
text: He gestures at the burger restaurant.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: You belong in there. With nice
dialog: people. Stay away from people
dialog: like me.
text: Anna and Nikolai are staring at each other, suddenly a
dialog: strange connection between them.
text: Then Stepan steps forward and spits in Nikolai's face,
text: delivering a Russian curse as he does so. Nikolai almost
text: reacts out of instinct but stops himself.
text: Nikolai wipes his face and peers into Anna's eyes. Finally
text: he gets into his car and drives away.
scene_heading: 52 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 52
text: Nikolai is alone, sitting at a candlelit table, reading
text: Tatiana's diary. We hear Tatiana in voice-over...
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: I am not sure I can carry on another
dialog: day. The windows won't open so I
dialog: can't throw myself out. They inject
dialog: me every day with heroin.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 60.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes I think this is all a
dialog: hallucination...
text: He sees Semyon approaching from the kitchen and closes the
text: diary. Semyon grabs a bottle of vodka from the bar on his
text: way to sit opposite Nikolai. Nikolai pushes the diary
text: across the table. Semyon pours two drinks.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: It is good to have someone who I
dialog: can trust to do simple tasks.
text: A pause as Semyon glances at a few pages of diary.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: In this business, sometimes the
dialog: biggest danger comes from the most
dialog: stupid things. You can't afford
dialog: to be careless in any area.
text: Nikolai senses a change of attitude towards him. As if
dialog: Semyon were beginning to accept him into the fold. Semyon
text: raises a toast.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Nasdrovia.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Nasdrovia.
text: After a moment.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: So what was the lie that Soyka was
dialog: spreading about my son?
text: Nikolai looks anxious.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: It was nothing important.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Kirill had him killed for nothing
dialog: important?
text: Semyon pours two more vodkas.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I don't want to repeat it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 61.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: (2) 52
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: For me you will repeat it.
text: Nikolai doesn't respond. It is obvious that Semyon half
text: knows already. He shrugs...
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: You play with the Prince to do
dialog: business with the King. But if
dialog: you want to do business with me
dialog: you must be open with me. Thieves-
dialog: in-law.
text: A pause. Semyon nurses his vodka.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: What was Soyka saying about the
dialog: Prince?
text: He stares into Nikolai's eyes. Finally, Nikolai stammers...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: That he is a drunk. And that he
dialog: is also... a queer.
text: Semyon swigs his vodka and Nikolai swigs his. Semyon pours
text: two more. Semyon has to stare out of the window to hide
dialog: his emotion.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (softly, in Russian)
dialog: My only son.
text: They both knock their drinks back. Semyon looks suddenly
text: angry as he peers out of the window.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: You know it never snows in this
dialog: City. And it's never hot. London
dialog: is a city of whores and queers.
dialog: My son...
text: Semyon shrugs, fighting deeper emotion...
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: ...I think London is to blame for
dialog: what he is...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 62.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: (3) 52
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: So why don't you go home?
text: Semyon smiles, as if seeing Moscow through the window.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: The cold gets into my bones.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: And also... the KGB would be waiting
dialog: for me.
text: Nikolai smiles ruefully and glances at Semyon.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: FSB. They are called FSB now.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Whatever they call them they are
dialog: worse even than the KGB were. Maybe
dialog: the KGB and the vory v zakone were
dialog: partners in a marriage. We had
dialog: rules, they had rules.
text: He swigs some more vodka.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Now in Moscow, the thieves don't
dialog: wear tattoos and the police don't
dialog: wear uniforms. You never know who
dialog: they are...
text: Semyon seems to be taking the vodka less well than Nikolai.
text: He pours some more.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: You've heard about these new
dialog: policemen?
text: Nikolai doesn't blink.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: They get under you, over you, behind
dialog: you, inside you. They are the
dialog: ones you least expect.
text: Semyon peers at Nikolai and Nikolai doesn't respond.
text: Mention of the new breed of FSB agent causes an almost
text: imperceptible tension in Nikolai.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 63.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: (4) 52
dialog: Is Semyon too drunk to notice? There is a strange game
text: going on here. For now, nothing is revealed.
text: Semyon knocks back his vodka and Nikolai does the same.
text: Semyon picks up the diary and holds it into the flame of
text: the candle. It begins to burn and he drops it into the
text: ashtray. The flames flicker for a while.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: The midwife said she had an uncle.
dialog: A Russian.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I met him.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: So you know what he looks like.
text: Semyon peers at Nikolai.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: She said he has read the diary.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: We can't trust a Russian with that
dialog: kind of information.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Do you understand me?
text: Semyon gets to his feet and smiles.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps you can deal with him.
text: Semyon leaves Nikolai to stare into the flames of the
dialog: burning diary.
scene_heading: 53 EXT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. MATERNITY UNIT - DAY 53
text: Anna exits, pulling on her coat against the cold. She
text: stops in her tracks when she sees her unchained motorbike
text: parked in the parking bay. She hears Nikolai's voice over
dialog: her shoulder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 64.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I thought I'd bring it back before
dialog: it got stolen. Lot of villains
dialog: around. Sorry about the chain.
text: Anna is about to walk quickly away...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: I got that address you wanted.
text: Anna turns and sees Nikolai is offering a scrap of paper.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: A little village outside St.
dialog: Petersburg. I know it. Not much
dialog: of a place for a kid to grow up
dialog: in. Especially not a girl.
text: She hesitates. Nikolai approaches and gives her the
dialog: address.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: If you want my opinion, the kid
dialog: would be better off in London.
dialog: Maybe with you. Why not? Tatiana's
dialog: family don't sound like the kind
dialog: of people who'd want another mouth
dialog: to feed.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You read the diary?
text: Nikolai looks all around. Anna studies him, unsure.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: So how can you keep doing what
dialog: you're doing?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I told you. I'm just a driver.
text: Anna sees some softness in his expression. Their eyes
dialog: lock.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You look the other way.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 65.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: (2) 53
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I'm a camera. The pictures stay
dialog: in my head.
text: Anna sees pain in his eyes. She peers at the address.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Why did you bring me this?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I don't know. I was passing.
text: After a long moment Anna turns away.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, and... your uncle.
text: Nikolai smiles.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it true he was in the KGB?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Well, he's a brave old man. That's
dialog: for sure.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Does he live with you?
text: Anna is about to answer but stops herself. Nikolai peers
text: at her and finally shrugs then turns to walk away. He
text: gestures at the bike.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: I fixed it. It should be OK now.
text: Anna watches him walk away into the street.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. CHELSEA FOOTBALL GROUND. SIDE STREETS - NIGHT. 54
text: Crowds of football supporters are streaming away from the
text: football stadium, where the floodlights are still casting
text: their glow. There are Arsenal and Chelsea supporters on
text: opposite sides of the street and there is some mildly
text: vicious yelling between the two groups. Police are visibly
dialog: keeping order.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 66.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
text: Among the crowd we see Ekrem. He seems slightly drunk on
text: top of his normal craziness. He has an Arsenal scarf around
text: his neck and is looking for trouble, jeering at the Chelsea
text: supporters across the street.
speaker_heading: EKREM
dialog: Hey! Hey Kabuka Chelsea! Fuck
dialog: you!! Yeah you! Aliverisme!!
dialog: Fucker!
text: A policeman steps up to Ekrem and gives him a shove and he
text: stumbles a little. As he gets to his feet we notice TWO
text: CHECHEN MEN who are trailing Ekrem, ducking their heads
text: away from the line of policemen.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. CEMETERY - NIGHT 55
text: Ekrem is now isolated from the crowds, swigging from a can
text: of lager. He is chanting `Arsenal, Arsenal' to himself as
text: he walks. He stops to take a piss on someone's grave.
text: In the background the two Chechens are coming closer. As
text: Ekrem zips his flies, the Chechens are upon him. One of
text: them grabs his Arsenal scarf and begins to strangle him.
text: Ekrem chokes for a while and the Chechen loosens the knot.
text: The second Chechen pulls out an open razor. Ekrem struggles
dialog: to escape...
speaker_heading: CHECHEN
dialog: For my brother...
text: The Chechen cuts Ekrem's throat then drops him onto the
dialog: grave stone.
scene_heading: 56 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 56
text: The place has two dozen customers and there is a Russian
text: band playing `Dark Eyes'. At a particular table an old
text: Russian lady is having her birthday celebrated by an adoring
dialog: family and lots of very ancient friends.
text: There is a huge round of applause as Semyon emerges from
text: the kitchen with a cake decorated with sparklers.
scene_heading: 57 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 57
text: Semyon returns to smoke and steam and yelling. As he
text: prepares to take a drink one of the young dishwashers
dialog: approaches.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 67.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: DISHWASHER
dialog: (in Russian)
text: Guy out the back.
text: Semyon grabs a bottle of vodka.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. KITCHEN REAR - NIGHT 58
text: Semyon emerges into the wine crates and beer bottles in
text: the yard at the back of the restaurant where the Doberman
text: is straining at the leash, snarling and barking. An already
text: anxious Ozim is cowering in the shadows, held at bay by
dialog: the dog.
text: The moment Semyon steps out the dog stops barking. Ozim
text: relaxes a little and steps forward. Semyon pets the dog.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: So what did they say?
text: Semyon takes a swig of vodka. Ozim looks severely nervous.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: They were going to kill me. Those
dialog: Chechens are savages.
text: Ozim is reliving the ordeal.
speaker_heading: OZIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I pointed out that I am a Muslim
dialog: too and it is a sin for a Muslim
dialog: to kill a Muslim.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: What did they say about my son?
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: They said they would spare me only
dialog: if I delivered Kirill to them.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: You are being very honest.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: I fear you more than I fear them.
text: Semyon suddenly breaks the neck of the bottle and holds
text: the jagged edge to Ozim's throat. The dog snarls at
text: Semyon's feet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 68.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Never again do business with any
dialog: member of my family behind my back.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: Never. I will never listen to
dialog: Kirill again. I swear...
text: Semyon tosses the bottle away. After a moment...
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Do they know where to find Kirill?
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: They are like wolves.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Do they know what he looks like?
text: Ozim shakes his head.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: No. They have just arrived from
dialog: the mountains.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Then tell them you will deliver
dialog: Kirill to them.
text: Ozim is stunned. He stares at Semyon as if he were insane.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell them to give you two days.
scene_heading: 59 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. ANNA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 59
text: Anna is reading the translation of the diary by lamplight.
text: Tatiana's voice over continues.
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: I know now for sure that I am
dialog: pregnant. It hasn't begun to show
dialog: yet. After I was raped they made
dialog: me take pills but I guess it was
dialog: too late. I am condemned to give
dialog: birth to a new life. But first I
dialog: will try to find a way to end my
dialog: own life and spare this child the
dialog: pain.
text: Anna looks up from the pages and thinks.
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 69.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. HOUSING ESTATE - NIGHT 60
text: A large public housing estate is being swept by rain.
text: Christmas lights glow in the windows of the dilapidated
text: tower blocks. Stepan is walking against the wind, carrying
text: a bag of shopping. He holds onto his Russian hat to stop
text: it blowing away. Kids splash in the puddles.
text: Stepan arrives at the front garden of his small, ground-
text: floor council flat. As he fumbles for his keys in the cold
text: we see that Nikolai is watching him from the driver's seat
text: of his Mercedes. Once Stepan has disappeared into his
text: flat, Nikolai gets out of the car and approaches Stepan's
dialog: flat.
scene_heading: 61 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. KITCHEN - NIGHT 61
text: Helen is preparing food for a small family dinner. Anna
text: enters with her cellphone in her hand. She mooches for
text: food to hide her agenda. Finally...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Mum... I can't get hold of Stepan.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Why do you want to?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I need to check something with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Anna...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: He's not at home, do you know where
dialog: else he might be?
text: Helen simply stares at her.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Anna. Haven't you had enough
dialog: excitement?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: I think I've worked out who
dialog: Christine's father is.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 70.
speaker_heading: 61 CONTINUED: 61
text: Helen slams her knife down.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Why does it matter?!!
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: It matters... to me!!
text: A pause. After a moment Helen goes to her, holds her hands
text: and peers into her eyes. We expect comforting words, but
dialog: instead...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You enjoy this.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're like your father. Ordinary
dialog: life isn't enough.
text: Anna turns and walks out of the house.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. LONDON STREETS - NIGHT 62
text: Anna drives her motorbike through North London streets.
text: Rain is falling.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 63
text: Anna is standing in the falling rain, staring over at the
text: trans-Siberian restaurant. The restaurant is busy, with
text: the noise of revelers swelling every time the door is
dialog: opened.
text: Anna seems to be exiled from where she should really be -
text: Inside a restaurant like this, with its danger and vibrancy.
text: Suddenly she is illuminated by headlights. She turns and
text: sees that Nikolai is pulling up in his Mercedes. Kirill is
text: in the passenger seat. Nikolai gets out of the car and
text: stops when he sees Anna. Anna is like a fox caught in
dialog: headlights.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 71.
speaker_heading: 63 CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (echoing Nikolai's
dialog: words)
dialog: I don't know. I was passing.
text: Kirill studies the gaze between Nikolai and Anna and senses
dialog: the connection.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: If you're passing, you pass. You
dialog: keep going, bitch. Nikolai, come
dialog: on...
text: Kirill grabs Nikolai's arm, and after peering at Anna for
text: a moment, he turns to go with Kirill. Anna gathers her
dialog: courage.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Family is important to you people
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: 'You people'?
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: What the hell is she talking about?
text: Music swells from the restaurant.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Tell Semyon the baby I delivered
text: on Christmas Eve is his daughter.
text: Kirill and Nikolai stop. A swell of laughter from the
text: restaurant. Anna is about to continue but Nikolai steps
text: forward and places two fingers on Anna's lips to stop her
text: from saying anymore. Anna tears his hands from her mouth.
text: At the same time Kirill yells in Russian.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: What did she say?!
text: Anna is terrified but angry too. She yells.
speaker_heading: ANNA
text: When he raped her she was a virgin.
dialog: Then they gave her pills. Semyon
dialog: has to be the father!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 72.
speaker_heading: 63 CONTINUED: (2) 63
text: Kirill suddenly goes for her over the bonnet of the car....
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian))
dialog: She's a civilian!
text: Kirill pushes Anna up against the car, but she fights him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: She was fourteen! She was a child!
text: Kirill slaps Anna hard. Nikolai grabs Kirill and pulls
dialog: him away.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You don't use my father's name!
dialog: You don't say that filth about
dialog: him...
text: He goes for Anna again, and this time Nikolai shoves Kirill
text: to the wet ground. He looks up at Nikolai and slowly gets
text: to his feet. He wipes his hands then stares into Nikolai's
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't even look at her any more.
text: Headlights from a passing car sweep the scene....
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: That's an order.
text: Nikolai peers at Anna for a moment. Anna's voice is defiant
text: but cracking with fear.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Tell him what I said.
text: Nikolai has taken what Anna said on board. He speaks
dialog: softly...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: There is nothing to tell. Slaves
dialog: give birth to slaves...
text: Kirill yells....
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Come on Nikolai!!
text: He turns to Anna...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 73.
speaker_heading: 63 CONTINUED: (3) 63
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: And if you open your mouth again,
dialog: I'll tell my driver to stick his
dialog: cock inside it! Understand? Maybe
dialog: that's what you want!
text: He offers the lights of the restaurant to her as a vicious
dialog: invitation.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to come in?! Maybe we
dialog: all get to fuck you....
text: Anna stares back. Nikolai peers at her for a moment before
text: grabbing Kirill and pulling him away towards the restaurant.
scene_heading: 64 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 64
text: The place is winding up. Chefs and waiters are cleaning
text: surfaces and dishes. The only still point is Semyon, who
text: is cutting and wrapping the birthday cake in small parcels
text: of golden paper. He works intensely and delicately at the
text: back of the kitchen. Nikolai and Kirill enter. Kirill
text: swigs a half-drunk glass of wine.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: That girl you fucked in front of
dialog: me... you remember her? The
dialog: Ukrainian bitch?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: So they kick down the door. These
dialog: are ordinary fucking police. They
dialog: ask for her by name and they take
dialog: her away. Some fucking punter must
dialog: have given them her name. What
dialog: gives the police the right to take
dialog: our women, huh?
text: Semyon shoots Kirill a hard look: he's talking too much
text: and too loudly. Kirill ignores the look.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey Papa, I never seen so many old
dialog: people in one place. Whose party
dialog: is it out there? The angel of
dialog: death?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 74.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (in Russian)
text: She is one hundred years old.
text: Semyon works on for a moment then glances at Kirill.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Kirill, go down into the cellar
dialog: and bring up some brandy. Twelve
dialog: bottles.
text: Kirill turns to leave.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Come on, Nikolai, help me.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: No. He stays here. I want to
dialog: talk business.
text: A confused pause. Kirill looks from Nikolai to his father.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: What business?
text: A pause as Kirill suddenly senses his exclusion.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Papa, what business? His business
dialog: is my business.
text: Semyon stares at Kirill and Kirill knows the look.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Go to the cellar Kirill. And take
dialog: your time.
text: Kirill hesitates. He is angry as hell but too scared of
text: his father's gaze to say anything. Finally he turns fast
text: and departs, slamming his open hand against the door as he
dialog: goes.
text: Semyon waits a moment before returning to the business of
dialog: cutting the cake. Finally...
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you deal with the old man?
dialog: Nikolai nods.
text: A pause. Semyon looks up and fixes Nikolai with a stare.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 75.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: (2) 64
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: It's time you joined us.
text: A long moment. The thing Nikolai has been working for has
text: finally happened. There seems to be little joy.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Thank you. Papa.
text: Semyon returns to his work. Nikolai hesitates.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: What shall I tell Kirill?
text: Semyon continues with the cake, unconcerned.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Tell him I changed my mind about
dialog: the brandy.
scene_heading: 65 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. CELLAR - NIGHT 65
text: The cellar is half lit, the arched walls lined with crates
text: of wine. Flour, grease and potatoes are stored here. As
text: Nikolai walks down the steps into the gloom, he hears Kirill
text: singing a Russian folk song to himself as he drags a case
text: of brandy across the cellar floor.
text: Kirill has already opened a bottle of brandy and takes a
text: long swig as Nikolai joins him. He grins as he gestures
dialog: at the brandy...
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: My dad swapped a little Georgian
dialog: girl for this stuff.
text: Nikolai sits down on a crate, rests his head against the
text: wall. Kirill joins him and swigs some more.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, don't feel bad. What happened
dialog: up there is just how he is. He
dialog: plays people against each other.
dialog: That's all. I realize more and
dialog: more what he's like. Here, drink
dialog: to the Georgian girl...
text: Kirill offers the bottle to Nikolai but he refuses.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 76.
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED: 65
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: What? I drink alone now.
dialog: Nikolai decides to bite the bullet, get this news over
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: He offered me stars. I accepted
dialog: them.
text: A long pause. This is what Kirill wanted, but now it feels
text: like a stab in the back. Finally Kirill swallows a huge
text: swig of brandy then turns awkwardly to hug Nikolai. He
text: squeezes him hard for a long time then shoves him away.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: (lying))
dialog: You think I didn't know already?
dialog: He told me before. It was my fucking
dialog: idea. He said there are a lot of
dialog: things I have to teach you.
text: Nikolai nods. Kirill gets to his feet....
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Some stuff will take a long time.
dialog: I've been protecting you until
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: What?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: You think I don't know stuff you
dialog: don't know? I am vor by birth.
dialog: The stars are a birthmark for me...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I know, Kirill.
text: Kirill is about to fly into a rage but Nikolai gets to his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Where the fuck are you going?
dialog: We've got to celebrate. Help me
dialog: with these bottles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 77.
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED: (2) 65
text: Nikolai heads for the steps.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Your dad don't need the bottles
dialog: any more.
text: As Nikolai departs Kirill calls after him.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Hey! We're still partners, right?
dialog: Thunder and lightning!
text: Nikolai climbs the steps. Kirill is left to swig his brandy
text: and stare into the darkness. He wipes his eyes angrily
text: with his sleeve.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. TWO DAYS LATER - NIGHT 66
text: Sweet Russian choral music covers the next four scenes.
text: The street outside the restaurant is now flooding with
text: rain. A Daimler and a Bentley are already parked. A large
text: SUV pulls up and a hard-looking Russian man in his sixties
text: (VALERY) is ushered from the car by bodyguards in suits
dialog: and shades.
text: He is greeted by a darker-looking man in his fifties (THE
text: GYPSY) who has a fur coat around his shoulders. Semyon is
text: waiting on the doorstep, dressed in a fine dark suit.
scene_heading: 67 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 67
text: The curtains are drawn against the rainy light. The Gypsy,
text: Valery, Semyon and TWO OTHER RUSSIAN MEN are sitting in a
text: line behind a restaurant table, like a judging panel.
text: After a moment Nikolai enters, dressed in suit and tie for
dialog: the biggest interview of his life.
text: The vory behind the table greet him.
text: Then Nikolai takes off his jacket and removes his tie. He
text: then takes off his shirt, to reveal that his upper body is
text: decorated with elaborate tattoos (details to follow).
text: He carefully places his shirt over the chair then sits
text: down. The panel of the vory study his body, the Gypsy
text: pushing a candle across the table to better illuminate the
dialog: detail of the tattoos. Only after the men have studied
text: the tattoos does the interview begin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 78.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: 67
dialog: The following dialogue should not be translated, and can
text: be cut around to suggest a long and grueling interview.
speaker_heading: VALERY
dialog: We can see that you were in prison
dialog: in Siberia. And that you were a
dialog: thief.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: My father was a government worker.
dialog: He fixed the cars of officials. I
dialog: began by selling the spare parts
dialog: when I was fifteen.
speaker_heading: VALERY
dialog: You have no forced tattoos?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: GYPSY
dialog: You were not co-operative?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I spent two years in the punishment
dialog: block.
speaker_heading: VALERY
dialog: You went through the Crosses in
dialog: St. Petersburg?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I was in solitary confinement
dialog: fifteen times. I was called 'The
dialog: Stump' because they couldn't shift
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: VALERY
dialog: Your father was a bitch and a weak
dialog: fucker for working with the
dialog: Government, that's right isn't it?
text: Nikolai flickers a little.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: That's right. My father means
dialog: nothing to me. My Mother....
speaker_heading: GYPSY
dialog: You have no mother. She was a
dialog: whore anyway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 79.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: (2) 67
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Yes. I have no mother and no
dialog: father. There is only the code,
dialog: the vory v zakone code which I
dialog: have always followed.
speaker_heading: VALERY
dialog: That is why there is an empty place
dialog: above your heart. Where the stars
dialog: will go. And why there is an empty
dialog: place on your knees.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I am dead already. I died when I
dialog: was fifteen. Now I live in the
dialog: zone all the time.
speaker_heading: GYPSY
dialog: You have never worked for the
dialog: government? Any government?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I have lived off Albanians and
dialog: Georgians. I steal from them within
dialog: the law.
text: The questions and answers are delivered with great
text: solemnity, making the ceremony feel almost religious.
text: Candles burn, the men all sip water.
text: Semyon is silent throughout but listens attentively.
text: Towards the end of the interview there is the ghost of a
text: smile on the Gypsy's face and this pleases Semyon.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. REAR ENTRANCE - NIGHT 68
text: A wizened old Russian man (THE TATTOOIST) arrives at the
text: kitchen door, carrying a battered leather case. The kitchen
text: door is opened as he arrives and Semyon greets him.
scene_heading: 69 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 69
text: The choral music continues as we see the old man opening
text: his case and pulling out tattooing equipment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 80.
speaker_heading: 69 CONTINUED: 69
text: Nikolai is sitting in a banquette at the back, wearing
text: only his underpants. We circle Nikolai as the tattooist
text: begins to work on his knees, preparing Nikolai's knee caps
dialog: for the tattoos.
text: The needle bites at Nikolai's skin as the old tattooist
text: wipes away the blood.
text: Then we see the needle working on the empty spaces above
text: Nikolai's heart, tattooing the star symbol.
text: Nikolai now has a star tattoo on each knee and two eight-
text: pointed stars on his chest. He is now a member of the vory
dialog: v zakone.
scene_heading: 70 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. ANNA'S BEDROOM - MORNING 70
text: Anna is lying awake, her curtains drawn against the
text: daylight. Helen knocks and enters with a cup of tea, just
text: as in the opening scenes. Anna sits up.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (almost accusing)
dialog: Have you slept at all?
text: Anna doesn't answer. Helen looks anxious as she peeks out
dialog: of the curtains.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I tried to get hold of Stepan for
dialog: you.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: He's usually either at home or at
dialog: his sisters. But she hasn't heard
dialog: from him at all.
text: Helen is trying to hide her anxiety but Anna sees it.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: He did spit in that horrible man's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I don't think the driver would do
dialog: anything to Stepan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 81.
speaker_heading: 70 CONTINUED: 70
text: Helen knows Anna well, senses some flicker of attraction.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: How do you know what he would do?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You haven't spoken to him since,
dialog: have you?
text: Anna doesn't answer and Helen's anger sparks... She leaves
text: and slams the door.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. TURKISH BATHS - DAY 71
dialog: We are in St. Pancras, North London.
text: More rain. Ozim is waiting nervously, blowing into his
text: hands against the cold. The Turkish bath building is a
text: Victorian red-brick edifice.
text: Nikolai pulls up in his Mercedes.
scene_heading: 72 INT. TURKISH BATHS. CHANGING ROOM - DAY 72
text: Ozim and Nikolai are undressing. The place is deserted
text: apart from an OLD TURKISH BATH-HOUSE ATTENDANT who is
text: distributing towels. Ozim is unbuttoning his shirt.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: Semyon recommends these places for
dialog: business meetings because you can
dialog: see what tattoos a man has.
text: Nikolai is pulling off his shirt and Ozim reacts to the
text: sight of the fresh eight-pointed star tattoos. Ozim
text: chuckles.
speaker_heading: OZIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. We have a lot to get
dialog: through. Let's cook.
text: Ozim disappears into a steam room, naked. Nikolai watches
text: him go, a private agenda bubbling beneath the surface.
speaker_heading: 73 OMITTED 73
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 82.
scene_heading: 74 INT. TURKISH BATHS. STEAM ROOM - DAY 74
text: Ozim and Nikolai sit side by side, sweating. There is no
text: one else in the steam room.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: Our lines to Kabul get broken every
dialog: two or three weeks.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: The Americans. Fucking NATO.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Valery Nabokov imports flowers and
dialog: television sets into this country.
dialog: The television sets are one in
dialog: ten. That means one in ten have
text: cargo inside them.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Where do they dock?
text: Ozim grins.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: I will tell you when I return from
dialog: the bathroom.
text: Ozim chuckles as he leaves in a swirl of steam. Nikolai
text: leans back against the cold wall, his tattoo almost the
text: only visible thing through the steam.
scene_heading: 75 INT. TURKISH BATHS. CHANGING ROOM - DAY 75
text: Ozim is dressing frantically, his face suddenly betraying
text: his real anxiety. He checks his watch as he puts it back
text: on his wrist.
text: After a moment the two Chechen brothers who killed Ekrem
text: enter the changing room. They swagger up to Ozim.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 83-83A.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
text: He gulps down his fear.
speaker_heading: OZIM
dialog: Kirill is in there.
text: Ozim slaps his chest to denote the place where they will
text: see the vor tattoo. They head towards the steam room as
text: Ozim grabs his shoes and hurries towards the exit.
scene_heading: 76 INT. TURKISH BATHS. STEAM ROOM - DAY 76
text: Nikolai is sweating hard, staring at the ceiling. The
text: steam room door opens but the steam is now so thick he
text: can't see who has entered.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Ozim?
text: He sees a shape... a clothed body. He realizes immediately.
text: Suddenly one of the brothers is upon him and has him in a
text: head lock. He strokes the tattoo on Nikolai's chest as if
text: this were confirmation of who this is. He grunts an
text: instruction and his brother emerges through the steam with
text: an open razor.
text: Nikolai is naked, alone.
text: Suddenly he kicks the razor guy in the balls and uses a
text: martial arts chop to free himself from the other brother.
text: In the steam there are boots and bare feet and knees and
text: fingers flying. Nikolai manages to gouge the eye of one
text: brother and throw another against the wall. He obviously
dialog: has serious combat training but the brothers are strong
dialog: and angry.
text: Suddenly Nikolai is slashed across the arm by the razor
text: and blood oozes into the steam and hot water. All the men
text: are slipping and falling on the blood and hot water.
text: Another slash of the razor cuts his thigh open. All the
text: men are now covered in blood and Nikolai, with a final
text: surge of strength, manages to cripple one brother with a
text: blow to the throat, and the other with an elbow to the
dialog: temple.
text: As the Chechens slump to the floor, Nikolai fumbles in the
text: bloody water for the razor, finds it, kneels, and slashes
text: their throats. He lurches to his feet, drops the razor,
text: and staggers out of the steam room.
speaker_heading: 77 OMITTED 77
scene_heading: GOLDENROD Revision - 11/27/06 84.
scene_heading: 78 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. A AND E DEPARTMENT. CANTEEN - DAY 78
text: Aziz and a group of a dozen doctors and nurses are eating
text: lunch, some in party hats, some drinking red wine out of
text: paper cups. Aziz seems anxious, distracted. Anna enters in
text: a hurry, locates Aziz and joins him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I'm so late. Sorry.
text: She looks around the 'party' with horror...
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh God...
speaker_heading: AZIZ
dialog: It's fine, although I think I've
dialog: had enough.
text: He smiles and downs his glass of wine in one go.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Paul, on my way here I made a
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: AZIZ
dialog: (mock horror)
dialog: You can't possibly dump me. We're
text: not even going out.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Take my hand.
text: Aziz, confused, takes her hand.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Feel my pulse.
text: Aziz feels Anna's pulse. Anna takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to apply to adopt
dialog: Christine.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 85.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you feel that?
text: Aziz smiles.
speaker_heading: AZIZ
dialog: Yes, I can.
scene_heading: 79 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. A AND E DEPARTMENT - DAY 79
text: Nikolai is being hurried down the corridor, his face covered
text: with an oxygen mask. He is covered with a surgical gown
text: which is covered in blood. His arm flops out from under
text: the covers as the paramedics rush him into the hospital.
text: Anna is walking in the opposite direction. Then, as
text: Nikolai's trolley passes, Anna sees Nikolai's arm, flopping
text: from under the covers. She sees the eagle tattoo on the
text: back of his hand. Anna freezes.
scene_heading: 80 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. WARD. NIKOLAI'S ROOM - DAY 80
text: Nikolai is conscious in bed, attached to a single drip.
text: His wounds have been stitched up.
text: A doctor and two nurses are settling Nikolai's vital signs,
text: moving around him, checking his temperature. Finally they
text: clear the bed and through the glass of the room we see
text: Anna, standing outside, staring in at Nikolai.
scene_heading: 81 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. WARD. NIKOLAI'S ROOM - NIGHT 81
text: Nikolai is peering through half-opened eyes. The last
text: nurse is checking his vital signs. Then Anna enters. The
dialog: nurse stops work...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Anna?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Is it OK to talk to him for a
dialog: minute?
text: The nurse hesitates...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: He's still in trauma. Do you know
dialog: him?
text: Anna glances at Nikolai who is rousing himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 86.
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yes.
text: The nurse is reluctant but sees Anna's fierce stare and
text: finally leaves. After she has gone Nikolai stirs, focuses
text: on her face.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I thought you did birth.
text: Nikolai smiles, but Anna is trying hard to even out her
dialog: fear and anger.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: My uncle....
text: Nikolai tries to sit up and registers pain.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: ...the one who spat in your face...
dialog: He's disappeared.
text: A pause. Nikolai gasps in pain as he raises himself up.
text: Anna sees the wounds on his arms and glimpses the tattoos
text: on his chest, scaring her even more.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: If we don't hear from him soon
dialog: we're going to the police...
text: Nikolai reaches for a bottle of water and manages to take
text: a swig. Anna is impatient for a reaction.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know where he is?
text: A pause. Nikolai finishes the bottle of water in one
text: thirsty swig. Finally...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Yes.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: He's in Scotland. In Edinburgh.
text: In a five-star hotel.
text: Anna is locating the door in case she has to flee as Nikolai
text: swings his legs out of the bed to stretch his painful limbs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 87.
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED: (2) 81
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Edinburgh?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I'm going to need some clothes. I
dialog: arrived here without any. Can you
dialog: get me some?
text: Anna doesn't budge.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't walk out of here naked.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You can't walk out of here because
dialog: you're attached to a drip. Explain
dialog: Edinburgh.
text: Nikolai sighs, sits back down on the bed. He finally speaks
dialog: softly.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Your uncle knew too much.
text: Nikolai shrugs.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: I was told to get rid of him. I
dialog: was meant to send him to heaven
text: with a bullet in his head. Instead
dialog: I sent him to Edinburgh. With a
dialog: first-class ticket.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: He is of the old school. He
dialog: understood the situation. Exile
dialog: or death. Edinburgh was his idea.
dialog: He said they throw a great party
dialog: at New Year. And he said it was a
dialog: good excuse to get away from his
dialog: family.
text: Nikolai smiles at Anna.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: So... just a pair of jeans and a T-
text: shirt. A jacket. And some shoes.
text: Anna still looks disbelieving. Nikolai sighs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: GOLDENROD Revision - 11/27/06 88.
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED: (3) 81
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: The hotel is called the Caledonian.
text: Without a pause Anna leaves.
scene_heading: 82 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. S.C.B.U. CHRISTINE'S PRIVATE ROOM -82
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Anna is sitting on the bed beside Christine's crib.
text: Christine is asleep. Anna is speaking into her cell phone,
text: trying to keep her voice down.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ...no, I couldn't get much sense
text: out of him, he was drunk.
text: A pause. Anna looks exasperated.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mum, I don't want to tell you how
dialog: I found him because I don't want
dialog: another argument. I just wanted
dialog: you to know he's definitely safe...
text: Anna listens with weariness.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No, we can't tonight. I'm working.
dialog: I need the money.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: For a place of my own, for Christ's
dialog: sake!
text: She listens with growing anger until she finally cuts the
text: call without a word. Christine stirs but doesn't wake.
text: She leans back against the wall, already regretful.
scene_heading: 83 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. WARD OUTSIDE NIKOLAI'S ROOM - 83
text: NEXT MORNING.
text: The ward is busy as Yuri, the police specialist from the
text: Russian desk, enters wearing a heavy overcoat. He looks
text: all around and approaches a nurse.
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 89.
scene_heading: 84 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. WARD. NIKOLAI'S ROOM - MORNING 84
text: Nikolai's drip is being removed by A NURSE. Nikolai is
text: examining his healing wounds. Then through the glass of
text: the door he notices Yuri, speaking to a nurse, and obviously
text: recognizes him.
text: The nurse points Yuri in Nikolai's direction.
scene_heading: 85 EXT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. A FIRE ESCAPE LANDING - MORNING 85
text: It's cold and the wind is blowing. We see rooftops behind
text: them. Yuri is lighting Nikolai's cigarette. Nikolai is
text: wearing Yuri's overcoat loosely over his hospital gown.
text: Yuri lights his own cigarette and they smoke in silence
dialog: for a moment.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: You got my message?
text: Yuri chuckles.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: Using a dead body to file a progress
dialog: report must be against FSB
dialog: regulations.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: It's called improvisation.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You've been improvising quite a
dialog: lot lately. And taking risks.
text: He glances at the cuts on Nikolai's hands...
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Maybe too many.
text: Nikolai suddenly glares at Yuri.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: You didn't come here to give me
dialog: flowers...
text: Yuri shakes his head and prepares to deliver bad news.
text: Nikolai turns as if to go back inside. Yuri grabs Nikolai's
text: arm and speaks formally....
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 90.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: In light of what has happened to
dialog: you...
text: Nikolai shakes his head wearily....
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Ah, Christ...
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: ...and in light of other violent
dialog: incidents associated with you, the
dialog: Russian desk at Scotland Yard have
dialog: made an official request to the
dialog: Russian embassy that your undercover
dialog: operation in London be terminated.
text: Nikolai doesn't react for a moment.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: You have gone beyond what was
dialog: agreed.
text: With his cigarette dangling from his mouth Nikolai begins
text: to unbutton his overcoat..
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: In my opinion you should see this
dialog: as good news. You've been in the
dialog: zone far too long...
text: Nikolai turns and slowly pulls open the overcoat and the
text: thin hospital gown beneath it.
text: He reveals the eight-pointed star tattoos on his chest and
text: Yuri reacts with absolute astonishment.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: My God...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: If they terminate the operation
dialog: now, they will be wasting this...
text: A pause. Yuri looks shocked and slightly horrified.
text: Nikolai too suddenly seems almost ashamed that he has got
text: this far. After a long silence Nikolai mumbles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 91.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: (2) 85
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: You tell the Russian desk you saw
dialog: stars over my heart. OK? Tell
dialog: them I'm through the door.
text: A pause. Yuri is still overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: They are bound to ask... who did
dialog: you kill?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Tell them I only killed myself.
text: A pause. Yuri is humbled. They share a moment of
text: understanding as they smoke. Finally...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: And you can tell them I'm going to
dialog: replace Semyon at the head of the
dialog: London organization.
text: Yuri laughs.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What drugs are they giving you?
dialog: Maybe it's the anesthetic speaking.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I need you to take Semyon out of
dialog: the picture. I want you to arrest
dialog: him.
text: Nikolai lights another cigarette from the stub of the one
text: he is smoking. Yuri is incredulous.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Arrest him for what?
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Rape.
text: Yuri begins to chuckle.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: The girl was fourteen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 92.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: (3) 85
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: And of course, she will testify...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
text: She doesn't have to. She's dead.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: But she had Semyon's baby. If you
dialog: prove the baby is his and prove
dialog: the girl was under age when the
dialog: baby was conceived, that's statutory
dialog: rape.
text: A pause. Yuri begins it think it through.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: All you need is the baby and some
dialog: of Semyon's DNA. For poetic reasons
dialog: I suggest you take his blood.
text: Yuri peers at Nikolai with awe. A long pause. Finally
text: Yuri smiles.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You intrigue me.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: If we had never had this
dialog: conversation they would have sent
dialog: you home. You could have spent
dialog: the Spring in the mountains. Riding
dialog: your bicycle to your office every
text: morning through fields of flowers.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: Why stay?
text: Nikolai reacts but doesn't answer. A pause.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: You keep in touch.
dialog: Yuri studies Nikolai.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 93.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: (4) 85
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: And take care, Mikhail.
text: Yuri tenderly takes his overcoat from Nikolai's shoulders
text: and goes back through the fire-escape door. Nikolai is
text: left cold and exposed in his thin gown.
scene_heading: 86 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. WARD. NIKOLAI'S ROOM - DAY 86
text: Nikolai is playing chess against himself, sitting on the
text: bed, trying hard to concentrate. There is a knock and
text: Anna enters, carrying an old shopping bag. She takes out
text: a worn pair of jeans and a T-shirt, a denim jacket and a
text: battered pair of shoes. Nikolai smiles...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: How is Uncle Stepan?
text: Instead of answering, Anna lays the clothes on the bed.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: They're from the morgue. They
dialog: belonged to someone who died
dialog: yesterday.
text: Nikolai picks up the jeans and examines them. They're way
dialog: too big.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't believe I'm doing a favor
dialog: for someone just because he had
dialog: the decency not to murder a member
dialog: of my family.
text: Nikolai smiles but Anna turns to leave...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Hey... wait a minute...
text: Nikolai steps behind the bed screen to pull on the jeans.
text: He speaks from behind the screen.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Is your bike still working OK?
text: A pause. Anna considers leaving but hesitates.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yeah. It's OK.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
text: Nikolai steps out from behind the screen, the baggy jeans
text: tightly belted, his chest bare. For the first time Anna
text: sees the extent of Nikolai's body tattoos and reacts....
text: Nikolai sees her reaction to the tattoos and doesn't care
text: for it. He grabs the T-shirt and pulls it on.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Did you get in touch with Tatiana's
dialog: family in Russia?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Good.
text: Nikolai is now dressed, his cut and tattooed arms still
dialog: showing.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: So the baby's still in England.
text: A pause. Anna nods.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: She's staying here for good.
text: They peer at each other.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do you care?
text: Nikolai shrugs and grabs the shoes.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Stepan said you were kind to him.
dialog: He said you were risking your own
dialog: life to keep him alive.
text: Nikolai laughs.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Yeah, and all the thanks I get is
text: a pair of dead man's shoes.
dialog: (pause) *
dialog: I listen to you. *
speaker_heading: ANNA *
dialog: (sarcastic) *
dialog: Do you really? *
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI *
dialog: Yes. About Semyon and the baby. *
dialog: Thank you. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 94A
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: (2) 86
speaker_heading: ANNA *
dialog: (still wary) *
dialog: You thank me for that? *
text: Their eyes lock across a huge divide. He rubs the tattoos
text: on his arm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: (3) 86
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: (indicating tattoos) *
dialog: These things are just marks on the
dialog: skin, you know?
text: Anna nods. An awkward pause, then Anna turns and leaves
dialog: quickly.
scene_heading: 87 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - DAY 87
text: The restaurant is filled with balloons of every color, all
text: over the floor and bouncing off the tables. A large `Happy
text: New Year' banner is hanging from the wall.
text: Kirill is sitting on the floor amongst the balloons, blowing
text: up another one. Maria, Semyon's little granddaughter, runs
text: in to the restaurant and stops to stare at Kirill. He
text: begins to inflate another balloon then stops.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: You.
text: Maria comes to him and take a balloon. She tries to blow
text: it up but fails. Kirill smiles and blows it up for her.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: What were you and Grandpa shouting
dialog: about last night?
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Nothing, baby.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: It sounded like something.
text: Kirill takes a deep breath to blow a balloon then stops
text: and looks at Maria.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Someone I know got hurt and I blamed
dialog: Grandpa.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Did you fight each other? I heard
dialog: banging.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 96.
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: No. It's not a fight if one of
dialog: you doesn't fight back.
text: A pause. Kirill smiles. We see slight abrasions.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: So, today I do as I am told.
text: She nods and Kirill blows another balloon. At that moment
text: Kirill sees on the security monitor behind the bar that a
text: police car is pulling up outside the restaurant. His face
text: clouds as another pulls up beside it.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Maria. Go upstairs.
scene_heading: 88 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - DAY 88
text: Semyon sits at a bare table, opposite Yuri from the Russian
text: desk. A uniformed officer stands nearby, and there is a
text: police doctor with a medical bag sitting at the next table,
text: waiting. The whole scene is rendered surreal by all the
text: balloons which bounce around them. Semyon is in full
text: charming old man mode.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: You'll have a drink, Yuri...
text: He is half on his feet.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: I don't drink on duty.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Sometimes I don't believe you are
dialog: really Russian.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: I've told you, I am half Russian.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Then have half a drink.
text: Yuri shakes his head. Semyon goes to the optic and helps
text: himself to a vodka.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WHITE Revision - 9/12/06 97.
speaker_heading: 88 CONTINUED: 88
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: So what is all this nonsense?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: We just need a blood sample.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: We can take the sample right now
dialog: voluntarily or I can get an order
dialog: from the court. It's up to you.
text: Semyon glances at the doctor and chuckles.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (in Russian)
text: He sits there like a vampire.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: What, you are afraid of needles,
dialog: Semyon?
text: Semyon's face hardens and he glares at Yuri.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: I am afraid of... conspiracies.
text: A pause. Yuri speaks softly.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I will return tomorrow with a court
dialog: order.
text: He gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Wait. I've done nothing wrong.
text: Semyon begins to roll up his sleeve, revealing a long scroll
dialog: of tattoos.
text: Then a needle is being pushed into Semyon's arm by the
text: doctor. Semyon's face doesn't flicker. He stares into
text: Yuri's eyes.
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 98.
scene_heading: 89 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT. KITCHEN - DAY 89
text: Kirill is preparing food for the night's festivities.
text: Semyon enters and goes straight to the sink. He pulls off
text: the plaster from his arm where the blood was taken and
text: pours some vodka over the tiny puncture hole.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: What did they want with you, papa?
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: To poison me.
text: Semyon pours more vodka on the wound then takes a swig.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: They took blood from me with a
dialog: needle. Probably the same needle
dialog: they use for all the junkies and
dialog: whores and blacks and queers.
text: He glares at Kirill as he rolls his sleeve down.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I probably have the fucking
dialog: queer disease.
text: Kirill has his back turned, doesn't react. Semyon sits
dialog: heavily. Finally...
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Why would they want your blood,
dialog: papa?
text: For the first time Semyon looks vulnerable and confused as
dialog: he admits....
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: I don't know.
text: Kirill is surprised to see his father unsure. He peers at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Someone is ahead of me. I don't
dialog: like people ahead of me.
text: Kirill is now unnerved by Semyon's quiet confusion. He
text: watches as Semyon grabs at the bottle of vodka to drink.
text: He speaks softly as he swigs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 99.
speaker_heading: 89 CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: SEMYON (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: What the hell did that cocksucker
dialog: want with my blood?
text: Kirill is reluctant to speak at first but eventually chances
dialog: his arm.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Maybe it's about the baby.
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: (swigging)
dialog: What baby?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Some bitch was out there saying
dialog: you were the father of a baby.
text: Semyon turns to Kirill, his face hardening...
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Semyon approaches and Kirill gets scared.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: It was nothing. Just some bitch...
speaker_heading: SEMYON
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: The woman from the hospital. The
dialog: midwife.
text: Semyon stares into Kirill's eyes and Kirill mistakes his
text: frantic thought process for anger. Kirill backs away.
text: Semyon is beginning to catch up.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL - NIGHT 90
text: The main entrance of the hospital is busy with visitors
text: and staff. There is a `Happy New Year' banner across the
text: entrance. In amongst the bustle of visitors we spy a young
text: man with his collar turned up and a bunch of red roses in
text: his hand.
text: We then see that it is Kirill, entering the hospital.
scene_heading: GOLDENROD Revision - 11/27/06 100.
scene_heading: 91 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. CORRIDOR - NIGHT 91
text: Anna is walking down a corridor with her crash helmet in
text: her hand, heading for another shift.
scene_heading: 92 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. ELEVATORS - NIGHT 92
text: We are close on Kirill's face as he studies a map of the
text: hospital near the elevators.
text: Anna comes down a stairwell and spots Kirill - she
text: especially notices the roses - just as he gets into an
text: elevator. The elevator doors close. Was it really him?
text: Anna is not sure. She frowns.
scene_heading: 93 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. EMPTY CORRIDOR - NIGHT 93
text: A door opens and Kirill steps into striped moonlight.
text: Clamping the roses under his arm, he pulls a black zip-up
text: sports bag from under his coat. After a brief dialogue
text: with himself, he produces a half bottle of vodka and takes
text: a swig. Then he hurries on.
scene_heading: 94 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. S.C.B.U. CHRISTINE'S PRIVATE ROOM -94
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Anna walks onto the ward in her uniform. She checks a few
text: stats as she walks by various beds. She then glances over
text: at Christine's private room. She tiptoes into the room
text: and goes to the crib. She finds it empty - except for a
text: bunch of red roses. Outside the ward is now filling up
text: with visitors. Babies cry, people laugh.
text: Anna goes back out to the ward and calls to a nurse.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Sonya! Is someone bathing
dialog: Christine?
speaker_heading: SONYA
text: No. She's in her cot.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Well she's not. She's not.
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 101.
speaker_heading: 95 OMITTED 95
scene_heading: 96 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. CORRIDOR - NIGHT 96
text: Anna runs at breakneck speed through the corridors.
scene_heading: 97 EXT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. CAR PARK - NIGHT 97
text: Kirill is at the wheel of Nikolai's Mercedes. He swigs
text: from his bottle of vodka, which is now more than half empty.
text: He fires the engine and reverses. A car passing by has to
text: slam on its brakes. Kirill yells.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: Hey, you stupid fucker!!
text: A horn blows. The passing car accelerates angrily by. Then
text: we hear a baby crying. Kirill looks into the half darkness
text: of the back seat and we see Kirill's black sports bag,
text: partially zipped up. Christine is crying inside it, her
text: little grasping hand protruding past the zipper. Kirill
text: speaks softly.
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Be quiet baby. Quiet baby. It's
dialog: OK.
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 102.
scene_heading: 98 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. WARD OUTSIDE NIKOLAI'S ROOM - 98
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Anna flies out of Nikolai's room and spots a nurse.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What happened to the patient with
dialog: the knife cuts? The Russian?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: We just discharged him. A couple
dialog: of minutes ago.
text: Anna runs out.
scene_heading: 99 INT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. RECEPTION - NIGHT 99
text: Anna runs fast down the corridor towards the hospital exit.
text: She spots Nikolai ahead of her.
text: She pushes past a couple of drunks and flies at him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Where have they taken Christine?!
text: Nikolai reacts.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: You bastards!! Where will he take
dialog: her?! Tell me!!
text: People back away as Nikolai grabs Anna's arms and holds
dialog: her still.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: What are you talking about?!
text: Anna studies Nikolai's face and sees his genuine confusion.
text: She calms down a little.
speaker_heading: ANNA
text: Kirill. Kirill has taken Christine.
dialog: I saw him here! I thought he was
dialog: coming to see you, but he wasn't,
dialog: was he?
text: Nikolai curses under his breath and thinks fast.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: You brought your bike?
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 103.
scene_heading: 100 EXT. NINE ELMS. ABANDONED DOCK - NIGHT 100
dialog: The same dockside where Nikolai dumped Soyka and recommended
dialog: this as the best place to dispose of a body. Kirill pulls
text: up slowly in Nikolai's Mercedes. The car is parked for a
text: long time before finally the headlights are switched off.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. TRAFALGAR HOSPITAL. MATERNITY UNIT - NIGHT 101
text: Nikolai and Anna race to Anna's motorbike.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: I'll drive.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I'll drive.
text: Anna and Nikolai leap aboard the bike and it starts first
text: time. With Nikolai riding pillion, they roar away.
scene_heading: 101A EXT. LONDON STREET - NIGHT 101A
text: Anna and Nikolai ride through London streets.
scene_heading: 102 EXT. NINE ELMS. ABANDONED DOCK - NIGHT 102
text: On the edge of the dockside, Kirill is kneeling with the
text: zip-up bag before him. Suddenly fireworks begin to burst
text: over the Thames. It is the stroke of midnight.
text: Kirill unzips the bag. When he looks inside Christine
text: stops crying. He peers at her, wiping away tears.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: She's a little girl, Papa, a little
dialog: sweet fucking girl...
text: Kirill sobs then Christine cries...
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Shush, shush...
text: Kirill lifts her out of the bag and holds her close to
text: him, fireworks still illuminating the London skyline. He
text: looks down at the freezing cold water, utterly confused.
text: He whispers...
speaker_heading: KIRILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: I'm sorry, my little sister.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BLUE Revision - 11/4/06 103A.
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: 102
dialog: For a moment we believe he is going to throw her into the
text: water. Instead he begins to sing a lullaby to her and her
text: crying stops.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: PINK Revision - 11/12/06 104.
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: (2) 102
text: Then we see a single light behind him. In a firework flash
text: we see Nikolai and Anna climbing off the bike. They
text: approach cautiously. Kirill stares at the man he loves.
text: A pause. Christine begins to cry.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Kirill, let me take the baby.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You stay where you are.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: She's cold, Kirill.
text: Kirill suddenly screams as another barrage of fireworks
text: explodes. Nikolai doesn't move. Kirill is dangerously
text: close to the edge of the dock. Maybe he'll throw himself
dialog: in too.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Kirill, a vor doesn't kill little
dialog: babies.
text: Kirill is motionless.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Something like this would be bad
dialog: for all of us. Your dad has gone
dialog: too far, Kirill.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: It's our turn now.
text: Nikolai steps forward slowly. As he gets closer Kirill
text: hugs the baby.
text: Finally Nikolai reaches Kirill and hugs him. As he does
text: he edges him away from the dockside. The three of them are
text: locked in a long embrace.
text: Nikolai emerges from the embrace with Christine in his
text: arms. He quickly hands her to Anna who hugs her close.
text: Kirill turns to Nikolai.
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: I swear I didn't know my dad was
dialog: setting you up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: YELLOW Revision - 11/21/06 105.
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: (3) 102
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
text: He's going away. When he's gone
dialog: the family business will be yours.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: We can be partners again. Thunder
dialog: and lightning, right?
text: Kirill smiles through his tears and nods.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: Get into the car. I'll drive you
dialog: home.
text: A pause. Kirill dries his eyes and heads for the car.
text: Nikolai looks at Anna, who is hugging the baby. He waits
text: a long time before realizing he must leave her.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI (CONT'D)
dialog: You're OK, yeah?
text: Anna nods.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Who are you really? Why have you
dialog: helped us?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: (4) 102
text: Nikolai can't answer truthfully, though he longs to do so.
text: There is a long pause before he manages to finds a suitable
dialog: lie.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: How can I become King if the King
dialog: is still in place?
text: A pause. He laughs.
text: Anna studies him, unsure. More New Year fireworks explode
text: over the river. Kirill yells from the car...
speaker_heading: KIRILL
dialog: You come on, Nikolai! We're missing
dialog: the fucking party of the year out
dialog: there!! Get here and drive!!
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: That's a fucking order!!
text: Nikolai and Anna peer at each other.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Maybe I can drive you somewhere?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: There's someone I can call. He'll
dialog: come and fetch us.
text: Nikolai nods, not liking the information but hiding it.
text: Nikolai comes close and gently uncovers Christine's face.
text: He smiles. Kirill is hooting the car horn.
text: After a moment Nikolai and Anna kiss each other gently
text: before Nikolai heads for the car.
speaker_heading: 103 OMITTED 103*
dialog: 107
scene_heading: 104 INT. HELEN'S HOUSE. KITCHEN - DAY 104*
text: A summer's day. Anna, Helen and Uncle Stepan are preparing
text: to eat Sunday lunch. Stepan is carving. The conversation
text: is jovial as Anna and Helen bring dishes of food to the
dialog: table.
text: Then we hear a baby crying. Anna goes to a small crib and
text: lifts a six-month-old Christine out. She hands her to
text: Helen who hugs her. Over this happy scene we hear Tatiana
text: in V.O., a repeat of the first words we heard her say.
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: My name is Tatiana. My father
dialog: died in the mines in my village,
dialog: so he was already buried when he
dialog: died...
text: Anna takes Christine back and takes her to the window to
text: peer outside, staring across the park.
scene_heading: 105 INT. TRANS-SIBERIAN RESTAURANT - SAME DAY 105
text: Nikolai is sitting at a window table, alone, sipping vodka,
text: staring back across the park. He peers out at ordinary
text: life going on in the streets outside. Tatiana's V.O.
dialog: continues...
speaker_heading: TATIANA (V.O.)
dialog: We were all buried there. Beneath
dialog: the soil of Russia. That is why I
dialog: left to find a better life.
text: Nikolai finishes his drink.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
