dialog: 
speaker_heading: ED TV
dialog: by
dialog: Lowell Ganz &amp; Babaloo Mandel
dialog: Sixth Rewrite
dialog: July 16,1997
text: This is the first eRelease for the script of the movie "Ed TV"
text: This script was scanned, proof read and formatted by Ueli Riegg
scene_heading: eMail: ueli.riegg@gmx.ch; URL: http://studiour.tsx.org
scene_heading: 1	INT. HIGH SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - NIGHT
text: The following is shot DOCUMENTARY-STYLE.
text: A GIRLS VOLLEYBALL GAME has just ended. It was a big game. Some kind of
dialog: championship.
text: ONE TEAM is CELEBRATING -- jumping up and down, squealing and
text: hugging each other. We are focused on the bench of the TEAM TRAT
text: LOST. They're very sad -- several are crying.
text: One girl, in particular, (AMY) is really sobbing. She's sweat-
text: stained, tired and just blubbering. Stuff's coming out of her eyes,
text: her nose, her mouth and the camera is seeing it all.
text: The COACH, a fortyish man looks at all the weeping girls -- Amy in
dialog: particular.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: You quit! You gave up!
text: He KICKS a CHAIR.
text: Now Amy is really a mess. She's crying, coughing, shaking.
speaker_heading: COACH (CONT'D)
dialog: (right in Amy's face)
dialog: You quit!!
text: The Coach storms off.
speaker_heading: COACH (CONT'D)
dialog: Qutters! ... Quitters!
text: Amy is wailing and choking on her own tears.
text: This IMAGE FREEZES.
speaker_heading: TERRY (V.O.)
dialog: And that would be it. I don't
dialog: think you need any narration at
dialog: all. Just end it right there.
speaker_heading: REVEAL
scene_heading: 2	INT. OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: BEGIN CREDITS
text: We're in New York City. We're in the conference room of a modestly
dialog: successful cable TV station called "Real TV." The people are
text: young, energetic, clever. It's crowded, noisy -the furniture is
text: beaten up, bulletin boards cover the walls, with large index cards
text: all over them.
dialog: This room is not for show -- work gets done here.
text: SEVEN OR EIGHT PEOPLE are present. One of them is CYNTHIA REED.
dialog: She's the boss.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (to Cynthia)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: It's horrible, it's depressing, I
dialog: love it. What else?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I want to re-pitch that pregnancy
dialog: idea. Find six women early in their
dialog: pregnancies and follow them all right
dialog: through to the births.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: (negative)
dialog: Yeah, when all that stuff comes
dialog: out.
text: Mixed reactions, mostly negative.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I have an idea.
speaker_heading: IMMEDIATE ATTENTION
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: This is something I've been thinking
dialog: about for a long time. We're "Real
dialog: TV" right? I mean that's the name
dialog: of the station.
speaker_heading: AGREEMENT
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: So let's go real. We find someone.
dialog: Just a regular person, someone. And
dialog: we put their life on television -
dialog: live... all day long.
text: Silence. No movement at all.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Calm down.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: What do you mean, like PBS did in
dialog: the seventies? What was that
dialog: family?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: The Louds.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: No. We go way beyond that. We
dialog: don't film it and edit it and put
dialog: it on later. We go on the air
dialog: live every morning and the show
dialog: goes off each night, when our
text: subject goes to bed. In between,
dialog: we're on live all day, every day -
dialog: the same person, -- for
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: let's say a month.
dialog: No one is wild for this. Some hate it -- some are unconvinced.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: That's not a show that's a
text: surveillance camera.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: You can't do that.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: The hell we can't. Look, the
dialog: beauty of being a cable
dialog: channel is we can take chances. I've
dialog: thought about this and I'm
dialog: telling you, I think this can
text: make a noise. A loud one. There
dialog: are twelve thousand channels.
dialog: You've got to do something that
dialog: says "Look at me!" Hell, people
dialog: look at fish tanks all day. This
dialog: is people!
dialog: (more firmly)
dialog: Someone's real life -- an TV, all day
dialog: long - live... And, you know what?
dialog: I'm doing it.
text: Pause. The others know the argument is over.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: In that case, we love it.
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
scene_heading: 3	EXT. POOL HALL - DAY
text: A BUS passes. On the bus is an ad. It says, "Would you
dialog: like to star in your own TV show? Call Real TV (and a
dialog: phone number) Coming (and a date)."
scene_heading: 4	INT. POOL HALL - NIGHT - PARAMUS NEW JERSEY
text: This is a nice upscale pool hall. A party is in progress in a
dialog: special private area -- a room upstairs let's say -- a loft.
text: Thirty or forty PEOPLE in their twenties and thirties are
text: informally celebrating the engagement of two of their friends.
text: It's NOISY, it's fun, it's informal. It's not a high-end group.
dialog: By that we mean, not, for the most part young lawyers or
dialog: stockbrokers. They're mostly blue-collar. Community college
dialog: graduates.
text: WE OPEN ON ED PEKURNY. He's an attractive man, about thirty.
dialog: There's still something a little juvenile about him -- not
dialog: stupid, just boyish.
text: SOMEONE is VIDEOTAPING HIM for one of those congratulation
dialog: montage things that are done at parties these days. Ed is good
dialog: at this. He's not professional but he's a loosey-goosey guy
dialog: who's kind of good on camera.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I want to congratulate
text: Kevin and Tracy on their engagement.
dialog: I knew you guys were meant for each
dialog: other from the moment Tracy told us
dialog: she was pregnant.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: You asshole!
text: Everyone else is cracking up.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: What? What did I say?
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: My mother's going to see this!
scene_heading: 5	INT. PARTY - LATER
text: Other people are being "interviewed" on tape. Ed is SHOOTING POOL
text: with his buddy, JOHN. John's had a couple of drinks. He's a little
dialog: melancholy.
text: He is looking across the room, thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look at this -- people are
dialog: getting married, they're
dialog: getting married...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You said that.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We're falling behind.
text: Ed waves dismissively.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: You know who we are?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We're the guys who clean up after
dialog: the parade.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm gonna stick this right in your
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I was at this comedy club last week
dialog: and this comedian says "If you're over
dialog: thirty and your job requires you to
dialog: wear a name tag, you screwed up your
dialog: life." And I'm laughing and then I
dialog: realize I wear a nametag.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So do I. So what? I'm doing all right.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Your brother's here.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE DOOR
text: Ed's brother RAY and Ray's girlfriend SHARI arrive at the party.
text: Shari is pretty in an unglamorous kind of way. They both wave and
text: then Shari goes off to talk to some of the LADIES and Ray joins Ed
dialog: and John.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: I was... having dinner with Shari
dialog: and her parents.
speaker_heading: JOHN/ED
dialog: (taunting)
dialog: Oooh!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm telling you, it's
text: closing in on me. All of a sudden
dialog: it's like a thing, it's a whole
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What do you mean all
dialog: of a sudden? You've been going with
dialog: her six months.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I know. I mean I'm sitting there
dialog: and her father's asking me about
dialog: my "career prospects" and I'm
dialog: playing "Risk," with her kid
dialog: brother, Leon and at dinner the
text: dog's sniffing at my balls -- at
dialog: least I hope it was the dog.
dialog: 'Cause her mother disappeared for
dialog: a while.
text: They LAUGH.
scene_heading: 6	INT. PARTY - LATER
text: It's getting wild. Some of the girls are dancing raucously.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON A TABLE (NOT A POOL TABLE, AN EATING-TABLE)
text: Ed, Ray, John, Shari and maybe another WOMAN.
text: Ray is holding a big tray of SHRIMP BALLS. During the
text: conversation, Ray throws them in the air and catches them in
text: his mouth like popcorn. Once, he even bounces one off the
text: wall into his mouth.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You know, those are for everybody.
text: Ray waves dismissively, then gets an idea.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Oh!
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: Show them that thing you can do.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: This is great. I just found out
dialog: she can do this, her brother told me.
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (thinks it's stupid)
dialog: I don't -
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on...
text: She hesitates, but she really doesn't mind. Slightly, amused she
text: takes her FIST and fits it completely INTO her MOUTH.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Whoa!! Oh!
text: Ray is cracking up.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Is that unbelievable?
text: She removes her hand.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: And that concludes today's show.
dialog: (to Ray)
dialog: This is where you go around and
dialog: collect the money.
text: Ed LAUGHS. Ray gives her a KISS.
text: Shari's roommate RITA sits down.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: You guys know my roommate, Rita.
text: They do, vaguely.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What's going on over there?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Everybody's making
dialog: audition tapes for that Real TV
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, that thing. Yeah. Did you hear
dialog: about this?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (not sure)
dialog: Yeah, what - they put some schmuck
dialog: on TV all day long or something?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You know, that would be like a great
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That! Being that guy.
dialog: Being the guy they watch.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What are you drunk?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah, but let's stay
dialog: on one subject. Whoever that person
dialog: is is going to be famous. They'll be
dialog: able to get whatever they want.
dialog: They'll ... trust me, this is my
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What is?!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Show business.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You're in show business?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah. I service video equipment.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That's like... those people
text: stitching Nikes in Panama saying
dialog: they're in the NBA.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: I'm not stitching Nikes in
dialog: Panama! ... Bedwetter!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Thumbsucker!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm making a tape.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We're excited.
scene_heading: 7	INT. BAR - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Ed and Shari, waiting for drink orders.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So Ray met the family.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I hear the dog really liked him.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Oh, the whole family loved him.
dialog: Of course, they loved the last
dialog: guy I went out with, and he strung
dialog: me along for three years and dumped
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Really? You see, to me, you shouldn't
dialog: have any trouble with men. There
dialog: should be, like, a line behind you.
text: She takes Ed's beer.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: You shouldn't drink.
text: They LAUGH.
scene_heading: 8	INT. TABLE - A LITTLE LATER
text: Ed and Shari ARM-WRESTLING. After a struggle, Ed wins. Ed is
dialog: impressed.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Jesus!
text: Shari wrings out her arm and picks up her beer.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (continuing a previous
dialog: conversation)
dialog: And, you know, every guy I ever
dialog: broke up with, the minute it was
dialog: over, I could tell you what went
dialog: wrong, how it went wrong, why it
dialog: had to go wrong... but when I'm
dialog: in it... lost. I'm like a love
dialog: coroner. Bring me the corpse,
dialog: I'11 tell you what killed it.
dialog: But how to prevent it? Lost.
speaker_heading: Ed LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: ED
text: Ray's on.
text: They walk over.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RAY
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (to camera)
dialog: Hi. I'm Ray Pekurney. I'm from
dialog: Paramus, New Jersey...
scene_heading: 9	INT. CYNTHIA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: She's watching Ray's tape. Ray thinks he's funnier and
text: cuter than he is.
speaker_heading: RAY (ON TAPE)
dialog: All my friends tell me "Ray, you've
dialog: got too much personality for one guy."
dialog: It's like at a party -- I'm at the
dialog: center of the attention. Everybody
dialog: loves me.
text: He gets hit in the face by a hors d'oeuvre.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ha, ha, ha. I'll kick your ass.
dialog: No really, let me show you my
dialog: girlfriend. She's really cute.
text: He reaches out and grabs Shari's wrist. Shari is struggling
text: to stay out of frame. We just see her arm and Ray pulling on
text: it. Ray lets go.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: She's strong, 'cause she's a Fedex
dialog: girl. She lifts those
dialog: packages. But she's not dikey at
dialog: all, she's really pretty.
scene_heading: CYNTHIA FAST-FORWARDS
text: WE SEE the camera shooting an empty space.
text: Then Ed's head appears sideways right in front of the CAMERA.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hello I'm Ed.
text: He starts to sniff.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: What smells?
text: He steps back from the camera and straightens his head as
text: he SNIFFS. He's more relaxed than Ray.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: What is that smell? Oop, I think
dialog: it's this idea. One person on TV all
dialog: day long?
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Are you nuts?
speaker_heading: WE HEAR LAUGHS
text: The Real TV Staff are enjoying Ed's tape while they eat
text: lunch out of styrofoam containers.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Seriously, get your resumes in
dialog: order. When my brother Ray -
dialog: whose personality you were just
dialog: dazzled by -- told me he was
dialog: going to try out for this -- I
dialog: said, "why in the world would
dialog: anyone want to be on TV all day
dialog: long, no privacy, everybody
dialog: knowing your business, exposing
dialog: every single detail of your
dialog: life I mean... why would anyone
dialog: want to do that? But then I
dialog: thought of a reason...
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Why the hell not?
text: He KISSES the LENS, smudging it.
text: Cynthia, watching, cracks up. The others seem to like him to.
scene_heading: 10 INT. VIDEO STORE - DAY
text: This is a video store in Paramus, New Jersey. It's busy.
text: PEOPLE are in line to check out tapes.
text: WE OPEN ON a WOMAN -- a mother -- who is rummaging through her
text: purse for her Blockbuster card. She looks up and sees that her
text: TWO CHILDREN have opened several boxes of candy from the candy
text: display and are eating from the boxes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh for -- Put those -- Oh God...
text: She grabs the boxes from them. The boxes are ripped more than she
text: thought and candy goes flying all over. She bends to pick it up.
text: Ed appears. He works here.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to the Mom)
dialog: We'11 take care of it.
text: Someone arrives with a broom.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the broom guy)
dialog: Here. This time throw it out, don't
dialog: eat it.
text: LOU, the Manager passes.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Lou, can I talk to you a second?
text: Lou seems like he'd prefer to avoid this.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Um, yeah, I was gonna ...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What's the deal?
dialog: Did anybody make a decision -
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Ed, look, uh... you're not getting
dialog: the job. They're gonna transfer
dialog: someone from another store to manage
dialog: this store when I leave to manage
dialog: the new store. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, Christ. Did you go to bat for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I batted!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You batted or you bunted?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Hey. I went as far as I felt
dialog: comfortable. I mean, you know,
dialog: let's face it -- you come and go
dialog: here as you please. You work
dialog: when you feel like it -- you
dialog: know, Bruce Springsteen's
dialog: birthday is not a legal holiday.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, then I'm quitting.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Ed, come on. What's that gonna do?
dialog: You're gonna bring Blockbuster to
dialog: their knees. Let me recommend a movie
dialog: to you. It's called "Get your shit
dialog: together before it's too late."
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (wise-ass)
dialog: Who's in it?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Ed, telephone.
text: Ed goes to the phone.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Yeah... Are you serious? ... Come
dialog: on, no kidding, who is this? ...
dialog: Holy shit!
scene_heading: 11 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - ANOTHER DAY
text: Ed is being interviewed by the "Real TV" staff whom we met earlier.
text: He's slightly less comfortable than on his tape, but he's good.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I had one year of college. And
dialog: then one year of junior college.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (O.C.)
dialog: What did you study?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, see, studying
dialog: would've been a huge help. Where
dialog: were you, then?
text: They LAUGH.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11A INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, there's Ray, my
dialog: brother. He's... ambitious. Like a
dialog: few years ago, he started this
dialog: mobile dog-grooming business. But,
dialog: like, out of his Camry. He had this
text: bathtub in his trunk -
dialog: (Ed starts cracking up)
text: he's throwing the dogs in there, they're
text: fighting and splashing, then he'd
dialog: slam the trunk down, let 'em run
text: around inside screaming getting all
dialog: wet... then he'd use the car
dialog: exhaust to dry'em.
dialog: (wiping his eyes)
dialog: Ah, Ray... he just can't get a
dialog: break.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11B INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: My sister -- Marcia, I
dialog: mean she can't get a break. About
dialog: seven years ago she falls in love
dialog: with this Vietnamese guy who wants
dialog: to marry her so he can stay in the
dialog: country. So they get married, they
dialog: have a kid, he gets his citizenship,
dialog: immediately divorces my sister and
dialog: marries this Vietnamese woman who,
dialog: he was probably already married to
dialog: all along. She can pick 'em.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She's got a nice
dialog: little boy, though. My nephew, Andy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11C INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: My Mom's okay. Kinda.
dialog: I knew a guy who hated his mother -
dialog: Stuey Shwam. He hated his mother so
dialog: much, he had his belly button
dialog: removed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11D INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, I've never been married.
text: The interviewer seems to be waiting for him to elaborate.
text: He doesn't. He shrugs -- that's it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11E INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, my father -what an asshole. When I was
dialog: twelve, my mother needed a
dialog: hysterectomy -- my father ran
dialog: off with her nurse! And that's
dialog: the last I heard of him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11F INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Al, my stepfather he's
dialog: opinionated. And you have to
dialog: listen because he's like in a
dialog: wheelchair.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11G INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I like my job -- I
dialog: mean I'm doing all right. I'm
dialog: not sure how long I want to stay
dialog: there, you know... I mean, I'm
dialog: thirty-one... I'm not sure I
dialog: want to be a video store clerk
dialog: when I'm forty... Of course, I
dialog: didn't expect to be doing it
dialog: 'til I was thirty-one, either.
dialog: But... you know I'm... keeping
dialog: my options open. Anything comes
dialog: along, I'm ready to pounce.
dialog: (growls like a cougar)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11H INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: A dream? Of course I have a
dialog: dream I just don't know what
dialog: the hell it is.
dialog: (shrugs and smiles)
text: Ed's image freezes, while he has a funny-cute expression on
text: his face.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL a TV in a conference room with Ed's
text: frozen image on it. Cynthia is there with her bosses, the
text: people who run the network that owns Real TV. The top man is
text: MR. SCHARLACH. His deputies are MS. SEAVER and MR. McILVAINE.
dialog: This is not the same place where we met Cynthia and her
text: staff. This is richer, more corporate and formal.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: He's who we want to go with.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: (doubtfully)
dialog: This guy.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I polled my
dialog: staff. The men say they'd hang
text: around with him and the women say
dialog: he's fuckable. And one of the men
dialog: said he's fuckable.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: I'm not
dialog: sure about the entire concept.
text: Cynthia is frustrated.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Look it's not like we're
text: burning up the airwaves
text: now. We're running neck-and-neck
dialog: with The Gardening Channel. If
dialog: people just tune in to this twice a
dialog: day for five minutes, we're a hit.
dialog: Plus we can sell advertising every
text: second, running at the bottom of the
dialog: screen... and the beauty is this guy
dialog: doesn't even have to be good. I mean
dialog: if he's good, great. But if he winds
dialog: up making an ass of himself, better.
speaker_heading: McILVAINE
dialog: How is that better?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Come on. People cannot turn away
dialog: from an accident. You drive by,
dialog: you say "Ooh, I hope there's not
dialog: a head lying in the road" but you
dialog: look ! See, nobody in America
dialog: wants to be nobody. This guy
dialog: wants to be famous. So,
dialog: basically, the deal is he agrees
dialog: to drive down the highway a
text: hundred miles an hour blindfolded
dialog: and we get to see if his head
text: winds up rolling down the
dialog: highway. Fun for the whole
dialog: family. So let's do it.
text: She stops, waiting for approval.
scene_heading: 12 INT. VIDEO STORE
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Good luck.
scene_heading: Ed's RE-STOCKING the SHELVES
text: He gets goosed from behind
speaker_heading: RAY (O.C.)
dialog: (very loud and happy)
dialog: Hey...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (goosed)
dialog: Oh!
text: Ed DROPS the BOXES. Ray is there with Shari.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I got your message. Way to go!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi, Shari.
dialog: (to Ray)
dialog: Let's go in the stockroom.
scene_heading: 13 INT. STOCKROOM
text: Ed and Ray enter.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: So when do you start?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I ... I'm not gonna do it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Look -- there's a
dialog: million ways to humiliate yourself -
dialog: I gotta think of a new way? I mean,
dialog: it's all day! Every minute. Id be
dialog: like a monkey at the zoo. I just...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Oh man! They
dialog: couldn't pick me! They had to pick
dialog: you!
text: He slaps a tape off a shelf.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You would do this? You would
dialog: actually --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: In a second! In a hot second.
dialog: Let me ask you something --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why do you do that?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Whenever you ask me
dialog: something why do you always say "Let
dialog: me ask you something?" Why don't you
dialog: just ask me?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: All right. Let
dialog: me ask you something... are you
dialog: happy like this?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm doing all right.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Oh Yeah? What's your master plan here?
text: Shari enters, curious about the yelling. She stands there
text: quietly, unnoticed by the guys.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're
dialog: gonna be a video store clerk for
dialog: the rest of your life? This is your
dialog: big ambition, rearranging the
dialog: "Ernest" movies?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Screw off.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: How many
dialog: opportunities are you going to
dialog: get in your life?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's right. You
dialog: don't know. Doors don't fly open
dialog: for guys like us.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hey. You know-- we're not the
dialog: same. I got a good life, this
dialog: job suits me. I come and go when
dialog: I please --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Oh, don't bullshit a
dialog: bullshitter. If you're happy like
dialog: this you're an idiot, and you're not
dialog: an idiot.
dialog: (sees Shari)
dialog: Hi.
text: Ed turns and sees Shari. She's self-conscious. She feels like she's
text: been caught eavesdropping.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Oh. I -- I heard Ray yelling.
dialog: 1 didn't mean to --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: Give me a chance. I'm begging
dialog: you. I need a break. Look, I'11
dialog: cover your ass. I'11 ride
dialog: shotgun. Just bring those
dialog: cameras over to me and I'11 make
dialog: something happen for both of us.
dialog: I swear. Come on, Eddie
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah?!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah.
text: Ray lifts Ed up.
text: Ray kisses Ed.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: Is this guy a brother?!
scene_heading: 14 INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Moderate-priced, restaurant.
text: WE OPEN ON a CLOSE-UP of AL. He's about seventy.
scene_heading: REVEAL THE FAMILY
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: What happens when
dialog: you go to the bathroom? Do they
dialog: go in with you?
text: Ed, Ray, Al, JEANETTE and MARCIA. Al is in a WHEELCHAIR and has an
text: oxygen mask connected to a tank. He periodically takes a hit of
text: oxygen. He's a little short of breath, but loves to talk. Jeanette
text: is Ed's mother -- about sixty. Marcia is a little older than Ed.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No. The bathroom is off
dialog: limits -and when I go to sleep they
dialog: go to other programming. Unless I get
text: up. Then they go back on the air.
dialog: Unless I get up to go to the
dialog: bathroom, I guess, then -
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: What if--you're vomiting?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (amazed by the
dialog: question)
dialog: What if I'm vomiting?
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Do they show it?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I guess -- I don't -- it's all in
dialog: the contract. There's this
dialog: million-page contract --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Look, can we all
dialog: just sign the releases so we can
dialog: get on with this?
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (accusing, to Ed)
dialog: What happened? You described this
dialog: "crazy-kooky" family who'd be a
dialog: million laughs on TV?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No! I barely even
dialog: mentioned -it's just that, my
dialog: friends, the people at work,
dialog: whoever I'm regularly in contact
dialog: with they want releases from.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: They're gonna mock our foibles.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Our what?
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: Our foibles, our foibles!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We don't have foibles.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: Everyone has
text: foibles. Then the whole country sees
text: them on TV and mocks them. Then we
dialog: have... mocked foibles.
speaker_heading: JEANTTE
dialog: Eddie, please
dialog: don't let them mock our foibles.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Stop saying foibles!
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: Look, my life
dialog: is not so great, that I want it
dialog: shown on television. And neither
dialog: is yours.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's the point -- this could
dialog: change things.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: For instance... me and my friend
dialog: Bucky are buying out my boss. His
dialog: equipment, trucks, client list, the
dialog: whole shmear.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (points to Ed)
dialog: What does that have to do with... ?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: If they keep Ed on for one full
text: month, he gets a balloon payment.
text: Ed nods.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I borrow
dialog: against that now, at the bank. Buy
dialog: the business. And Ed becomes a
dialog: silent partner. Now here's the
dialog: beauty part. While we're on TV I
dialog: plug the shit out of the business.
dialog: Free advertising.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: How about sex?
text: A STUNNED pause. They all look at Al.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'11 have to pass, Al. And it's
dialog: not an age thing --
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: No! Do they show you having sex?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No. Kissing and
dialog: hugging, okay, but if it's actual
dialog: sex they have to cut away.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: At what point?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: At the point -- I
dialog: don't -- Look you'd be on TV maybe
dialog: one or two times each. I'11 try to
dialog: avoid I'11 go out of my way to
dialog: avoid, getting together with you.
dialog: Believe me.
text: WE HEAR: A loud drilling sound.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 15 INT. ED'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: A WORKMAN is drilling a hole in the wall.
text: Ed is there with a TV CREW. They're running cable and drilling holes and
text: examining the apartment.
text: Cynthia is going around supervising. Ray and Shari are there. Ray is
text: fascinated. Ed is tense. Shari is observant. Ray separates from Ed
text: and Shari and asks one of the Installers a technical question.
speaker_heading: SHARI AND ED
dialog: Ed thinks.
text: Ed joins Cynthia.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Are you sure about this?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hey, believe me -1 know I've got a great chance of
dialog: making a fool of myself, here.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Why do it?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I saw this show once.
dialog: It was about logging. I was home
dialog: sick, there was nothing else on. Do
dialog: you know how they break up really
dialog: bad log jams? You know, when they're
dialog: really tangled... ?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Cream rinse?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Dynamite.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So maybe this is my dynamite.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Dynamite is dangerous.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Ed, can I see you a second.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Okay, so you
dialog: understand? We're installing a
dialog: permanent camera in your bedroom,
dialog: one in the kitchen, one in the
dialog: living room, plus, of course,
dialog: there'll always be a couple of
dialog: steady-cams following you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I want you to take this.
text: She gives him a card.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: That has my work number, my home
dialog: number, my pager number. I sleep
dialog: three hours a night. Call me
dialog: whenever you want to talk. Off the
dialog: air, on the air, whenever. Okay?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (barely listening)
dialog: Um, yeah -- thanks.
text: Ed looks kind of overwhelmed. She doesn't like this.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Now look. Don't
dialog: freeze up on me. I picked you
dialog: because you had kind of a relaxed,
dialog: go-with-the-flow quality. You're not
dialog: going to lose that, are you?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, uh...
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I bet my career on you. You'd
dialog: better be good.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Don't say that. That's like...
dialog: telling a guy before you have sex
dialog: you'd better be good. You don't do
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I do.
text: Ed reacts.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh.
scene_heading: 16 INT. ED'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: He's in bed, watching TV. The news is on. He glances up at one of
text: the cameras. On the news, they go to a story about him.
scene_heading: ENTERTAINMENT REPORTER
dialog: Tomorrow morning, the cable
dialog: channel known
text: as Real TV, begins broadcasting
dialog: one of the most heavily promoted
dialog: concepts in the history of cable
text: television. In an experiment that
dialog: they say will last at least a month.
dialog: They're going to follow -- live -
dialog: every waking minute of a thirty-one
dialog: year old video store clerk from
dialog: Paramus New Jersey. The Real TV
dialog: press release on this promises that
dialog: none of it will be scripted, none of
dialog: it will be edited and in my opinion,
dialog: none of it will be interesting. we're
dialog: all just supposed to sit in front of
dialog: our TV's and watch this guy... live.
dialog: (rhymes with "give")
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: (to the Entertainment Reporter)
dialog: What would be the interest here?
dialog: What would... get people to tune in?
scene_heading: ENTERTAINMENT REPORTER
dialog: Betas me.
speaker_heading: SIDEKICK
dialog: I don't know. I might check it out.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: Well, Len's
dialog: here to check out sports. Len,
dialog: would you watch this video clerk?
speaker_heading: LEN
dialog: I'd sooner watch soccer.
text: They all CRUCKLE.
scene_heading: 17 INT. CYNTHIA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: She's watching the same show. She's edgy.
text: She's CRACKING her KNUCKLES.
speaker_heading: TV SCREEN
speaker_heading: LEN
dialog: Speaking of disasters, at the
dialog: Meadowlands tonight...
text: The set goes off. Ed, once again, stares up at the camera.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 18 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
text: Written on the screen -- "Day one."
text: A DIRECTOR and TECHNICAL CREW with all the modern equipment.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: Here we go. Ten-nine-eight-seven-
scene_heading: 19 INT. REAL TV - OFFICES
text: Cynthia and her staff are gathered to watch the show begin
text: They're TENSE and EXCITED. A commercial is on.
scene_heading: 20 INT. TRUCK
scene_heading: 21 INT. OFFICE
dialog: A.D.
dialog: two... one.
text: On the TV, the commercial ends and the Real TV logo appears.
speaker_heading: A CRAWL BEGINS
text: It says "The following is unedited, unscripted, and unrehearsed. It
dialog: is the real life of one American citizen named Ed Pekurny."
text: The logo fades away and we see Ed, in bed, sleeping. His ALARM RINGS
text: and he wakes up.
text: He's groggy from sleep. Instinctively, he begins SCRATCHING his
text: balls. As he does, it hits him that this is not a normal
text: morning. He looks up and sees two steady-cam guys at the foot of his
text: bed, aiming their cameras at him. Ed, then, looks at his hand on his
text: balls. Gently, he moves his hand away.
scene_heading: 22 INT. OFFICE
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: (mock cheerful)
dialog: Well, we're off to a great start.
dialog: NOTE: The camera operators will change in shifts. We'11 see
text: about four regulars over the course of the film. The one we
text: will see most often is shooting Ed right now. His name is
speaker_heading: CARLOS.
scene_heading: 23 INT. BEDROOM
text: Ed, wearing shorts and a T-shirt, gets out of bed. His hair is
text: sticking up. He passes a mirror and notices his hair.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, great.
text: He turns to the camera and seems about to offer an excuse
text: for his appearance, but, then, just moves on.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: He grabs some clothes and enters the bathroom.
scene_heading: 24 INT. OFFICE
text: They're not enjoying this. Everyone's staring at Cynthia. She
text: doesn't flinch.
text: NOTE: Silent advertising runs along the bottom of the screen.
scene_heading: 25 INT. KITCHEN - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Ed enters, dressed and showered. The Steady-cam is in his
dialog: face.
text: Ed is tight. He's much less comfortable than he expected to
text: be. He smiles stiffly at the camera. He's misplaced his
dialog: natural charm.
text: He gets a box of Pop-tarts out of the freezer. As he does,
text: other stuff falls out of the freezer on to the floor. He's
text: embarrassed. He bends down to pick things up, showing his ass
text: to the camera.
scene_heading: 26 INT. OFFICE
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (to Cynthia)
dialog: Start clearing a place for your Emmy.
scene_heading: 27 INT. KITCHEN - A LITTLE LATER
text: Ed is sitting up on the kitchen counter eating his Pop-tarts and
text: a bowl of cereal.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Same people like
dialog: to put the milk in first and then
dialog: the cereal. I like to put in the
dialog: milk first - I mean the cereal first
dialog: and then the milk. Yeah, that's it.
dialog: Now, watch this.
text: He takes a KNIFE and a BANANA. He peels the banana. He holds the
text: knife, blade up, over the cereal and chops down on it with the
text: banana, several times, rapidly, slicing it into the cereal. He's
dialog: proud of this.
scene_heading: 28 INT. RAY'S APARTMENT
text: Ray is watching the show. His head is in his hands. He's
text: horrified by how bad Ed is.
scene_heading: 29 INT. PARENTS' HOUSE
text: Jeanette and Al watching Ed.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (being positive)
dialog: So far...
scene_heading: 30 INT. OFFICE
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Somebody shoot me.
scene_heading: 31 INT. NETWORK OFFICE
text: Scharlach, Seaver and McIlvaine watching, grim-faced.
scene_heading: 32 INT. OFFICE
text: Cynthia is ON the PHONE.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Get him out of the house! I want
dialog: him moving!
scene_heading: 33 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Hey, I want him dead, but what can
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: 34 INT. KITCHEN
text: Ed is EATING. He peers confused at the camera.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: CAMERA OPERATORS. They're signaling Ed to get out.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON ED
text: Bewildered, imitating their gestures.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What... You want me to swim?
scene_heading: 35 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
text: The Director is still on the phone. She's watching Ed on a
dialog: monitor.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Oh God...
dialog: Ed gets it.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, out? You want me to go out.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. BUILDING
text: Ed exits the building with the Operators walking backwards in front
text: of him, bumping into PEOPLE- People watch, curiously.
text: Ed reaches his car. He takes out his keys and drops them in a muddy
text: puddle. Disgusted, he fishes them out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 36A INT. NETWORK BUILDING
text: Scharlach, watching impassively.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 36B INT. ED'S CAR
text: Ed, in the car. He can barely fit the key into the ignition. Carlos,
text: in the passenger seat taps him on the arm. Ed looks up. Carlos holds
text: up a hastily-made sign. "It's okay. Relax, man." Carlos WINKS. This
text: does help Ed. He appreciates it. He drives.
text: WE SEE the control truck in motion. We also see another car
text: with another Steady-cam OPERATOR, shooting Ed's car as they
dialog: travel.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. STREET - MONTAGE
text: Ed is doing his morning errands. A little shopping -- a little
text: banking -- always ON CAMERA. At one point, he WALKS INTO a
text: GLASS DOOR with the word "Pull" on it. He pushed,
text: banging his forehead. A CHILD points to the word "Pull." Ed turns
text: to the camera, embarrassed. Later he buys a slice of pizza at a
dialog: little place that's doing no business.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: Best pizza in New Jersey.
text: As he walks down the street, PEOPLE call out "Hey Ed!" People
text: in windows show him that they're watching him at that exact
dialog: moment.
text: The camera shoots some of the people in the windows. They see
text: themselves on TV and they go wild. Ed also is confronted by
text: GUYS grabbing their crotches mockingly, calling out things
dialog: like "Hey, Ed, holding your own?" or "Hey, Ed, howls the grand
text: ballroom." Ed is slightly chagrined by all this, but handles
text: it with good grace. He seems to be loosening up.
scene_heading: 38 INT. VIDEO STORE - DAY
text: Ed arrives at work. The store is already open. (Ed usually
dialog: gets there in the afternoon and stays until closing.)
text: CUSTOMERS are a little stunned by the arrival of a camera.
dialog: Some know what it's about some don't.
text: The CLERKS are aware of what's going on. They all signed
text: releases. Ed's BOSS greets him stiffly. Clearly he's trying
dialog: to get face-time on camera.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hey, Lou.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: Welcome to work, Ed.
text: He shakes Ed's hand and smiles at the camera. He WAVES a little.
text: The BROOM GUY crosses, staring transfixed at the camera. He
text: blocks Ed and Lou. He FREEZES, then panics. He tries to get
text: out of the way and trips over his broom. He tumbles face-first
text: into the camera lens, hurting himself.
text: ANGLE ON ED, observing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: Oh, Jesus, I'm dying.
scene_heading: 39 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Carlos, give him some air, give him
dialog: some room. Use a longer lens. We'11
dialog: mostly go with the stationary cameras
text: in here. Less intrusive.
dialog: (to the crew in the truck,
dialog: sarcastically)
dialog: Have any of you
dialog: thought about your next career?
scene_heading: 40 INT. A KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: A WOMAN is serving dinner. She's watching Ed on TV -- really just
text: glancing at it. Her HUSBAND is helping her bring the food to the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Why are we watching this?
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (a little guilty)
dialog: No reason. just... I just want to
dialog: see what happens.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Nothing's gonna happen. He's just...
dialog: working.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Oh, come on, they
dialog: wouldn't put it on if nothing was
dialog: gonna happen.
text: He changes the channel. She changes it back. He doesn't get it
dialog: at all.
text: RAPID CUTS of VARIOUS PEOPLE around America, watching -- A couple, a
text: young guy, a woman alone -- ending with a few college-age girls in what
text: appears to be a dorm room.
text: ONE GIRL is watching intently. Her roommates are mostly just
text: hanging around not really watching.
speaker_heading: COLLEGE GIRL
dialog: I think he's cute.
text: one of her roommates glances over to see what she's so excited
dialog: about.
scene_heading: 41 EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Ed is walking. He passes the little pizza place he touted earlier.
text: There's a LINE out into the street. The STOREOWNER is working hard -
text: - deliriously happy. Ed passes, oblivious to what he's created.
scene_heading: 42 INT. ED'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The Camera Operator is shooting Ed in the bathroom CLIPPING his
speaker_heading: TOENAILS
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Some guys work from
text: the big toe down to the little toe.
dialog: Not me. I save the big one for
dialog: last. That's the one I really
dialog: enjoy. It's thick, it's big, it's
dialog: a challenge. Did you ever see old
dialog: people's nails?
dialog: (makes a disgusted
dialog: noise)
scene_heading: 43 INT. RAY'S APARTMENT
text: Ray and Shari watching Ed. Ray is BANGING HIS HEAD on the table.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: This is not working.
dialog: (to Ed on TV)
dialog: Come to me!
scene_heading: 44 INT. CYNTHIA'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: It's late. She's alone. She's ON the PHONE. She's coming apart.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No, I haven't seen the spot
dialog: ratings...
dialog: (she winces)
text: As she talks, she tries to LIGHT a CIGARETTE. She's shaking too
dialog: much to use her lighter.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I think that's a number
dialog: from which we can hopefully, uh...
dialog: build...
text: ANGRY at her lighter, she throws it breaking a window.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I disagree... No, I am not ready
dialog: to pull the plug... Yes, Mr.
dialog: Scharlach, I know they shoot
dialog: horses...
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: Look, it's been one day. Can I have
dialog: a week with this and then have
dialog: you fly up my nose?!
dialog: (hangs up)
text: She immediately regrets her outburst.
scene_heading: 45 INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: Written on the screen -- "Day Two."
text: OPEN ON TURTLES racing (as only turtles can) across the floor.
text: The turtles have little plastic men, seated on their backs.
text: The CROWD CHEERS and SCREAMS for their favorite turtles. Ed is
text: being followed by the steady-cams but seems to be ignoring it.
text: Ed is in a group which includes John, and Ray. The race ends
text: John looks very uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
text: The winner... Dashing Danny.
text: Ed wins. MONEY changes hands.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Next round's on me.
text: One of the cameras is very close to John. He's very
text: SELFCONSCIOUS. He doesn't look where he's walking. He
scene_heading: trips. PEOPLE LAUGH.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (off-hand joke)
text: Polish acrobat.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Hey. Check this out.
dialog: (to the cameramen)
dialog: Look at this.
text: Ray TAKES OUT a big stack of QUARTERS and sets them on the bar next
dialog: to a SHOT GLASS
scene_heading: 46 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Go with the desperate brother.
scene_heading: 47 INT. BAR
text: The cameras go with Ray. Ray does a "spit the quarters off the bar
text: into the shot glass" trick, while PEOPLE CHEER.
text: Ed is standing next to Shari. They're OFF-CAMERA.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Whoa, God bless Ray.
dialog: First time I'm off-camera in two
dialog: days. This is hard, you know? I'm,
text: like, exhausted.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RAY
text: He's BALANCING a BAR STOOL on his forehead.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ED AND SHARI
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: He did that at my parents' house.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RAY
text: As Ray drones on...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (selling hard to the
dialog: camera)
dialog: Okay, I just wanted to get your
dialog: attention. My name is Ray and my
dialog: friend Bucky and I design video
dialog: systems. You've got an office or
dialog: a big home, we'11 come out there
dialog: design you an entire system.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ED AND SHARI
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: See, they should've
dialog: picked him. Look how comfortable
text: he is out there.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RAY
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: He is so wound up. He bought all
dialog: new clothes for this.
text: He flips the BAR STOOL and catches it. He accepts the plaudits of
text: the crowd. He returns to Ed and Shari. So do the cameras. Ray is
text: fired-up.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Whew! 1 am kicking hairy ass!
text: Ray is still full of energy.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Ed. Did you hear about
dialog: Marcia?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (worried)
dialog: No. What happened?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: That's our sister.
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: She's got a new boyfriend.
scene_heading: AL AND JEANETTE
dialog: Watching TV.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: BACK TO BAR
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: He's living with her!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (camera-conscious)
dialog: Ray, maybe this isn't ...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: No, this is great.
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: You'll love this.
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: He's a singer.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Marcia's living with a singer?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah. You know,
text: piano bars. plays the piano
dialog: and sings. That's how they met.
speaker_heading: SHARI
text: He sang to her and they fell in
dialog: love?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (enjoying this)
dialog: No! Some drunk
text: hit him over the head with his
dialog: snifter -- you know, that thing they
dialog: keep on the piano for tips -- and
text: Marcia yanked a big hunk of glass
text: out of his head.
dialog: (cracks up, pounds the
dialog: table)
scene_heading: 48 INT. MARCIA'S APARTMENT
text: Marcia is staring at the TV in UNHAPPY SHOCK. Next to her is a good-
text: looking, but slightly sleazy-looking GUY with a bandage on his
dialog: head.
scene_heading: 49 INT. BAR
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I mean my question
dialog: is what was she doing in a bar in
dialog: the first place?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Ray --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: She's an alcoholic,
dialog: for Christ's sake.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
text: Marcia, watching, HORRIFIED.
speaker_heading: BACK TO BAR
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Remember the
dialog: last guy she got involved with?
dialog: What was his name?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What's the dif --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Richie!
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: She spent six months dating a criminal
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: She didn't know he was a
dialog: criminal. They had a
dialog: relationship. They --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: "Quick pull off the highway" is
dialog: not a relationship. Oh man, I
dialog: gotta pee.
text: He KISSES Shari. She COVERS her FACE with her hand.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you, hiding from the
dialog: Police?
dialog: (pulls her hands down)
dialog: Show your face, you look great.
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: Doesn't she look great.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: While I'm gone, tell them about
dialog: our cousin Lenny who's gay. We
dialog: knew from when he was five.
text: He minces off' effeminately, to the bathroom, LAUGHING. It's
text: like a hurricane has just passed through. Everyone is sitting,
scene_heading: STUNNED.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You do though, you look great.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, no, I -- as soon as you came
dialog: in tonight I said to John, "Boy
dialog: Shari looks beautiful." I said
dialog: it on TV so you can ask anybody
dialog: who saw it.
text: She LAUGHS. They smile at each other. They make intermittent
text: eye-contact a little self-consciously.
text: Ed finally looks somewhere else and Shari, for just a moment,
text: stares right at him.
text: PULL BACK to TWO GUYS, watching this on TV in a bar -- more of
text: a neighborhood bar.
scene_heading: 50 INT. BAR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: Did you see that?
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: Her. That look. She likes the
dialog: Ed guy better than she likes the
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: You're nuts.
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: Okay, I'm nuts.
text: CUTS OF OTHER VIEWERS,
scene_heading: WATCHING REAL TV
speaker_heading: A BEDROOM
text: The COUPLE we met earlier are in bed, the wife is holding the
dialog: remote.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Give me the remote.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Just a few more minutes. Read
dialog: your book.
speaker_heading: A LIVING ROOM
speaker_heading: A GAY COUPLE
speaker_heading: FIRST GUY
dialog: What do you like about it? I
dialog: don't understand.
speaker_heading: SECOND GUY
dialog: I don't know -- it just
dialog: it's I don't know. Just let
dialog: me watch.
scene_heading: 51 INT. ED'S BEDROOM - MORNING
scene_heading: "DAY THREE"
text: The ALARM goes off. Ed starts to scratch his balls, but stops
text: halfway down. He WINKS at the camera and starts his day.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. EWS BUILDING
text: Ed comes outside and he's accosted by a GROUP of angry Polish
text: Americans, many of whom are carrying signs decrying Polish
text: jokes and anti-Polish attitudes. They SCREAM ANGRILY when they
text: see Ed. Ed is completely shocked. He runs back inside. He
text: locks the door, leaving Carlos outside. The demonstrators
dialog: attack Carlos.
scene_heading: 53 INT. ED'S APARTMENT
text: Ed is at his kitchen table with several burly DEMONSTRATORS
text: arrayed behind him. Ed is NERVOUSLY, READING from a sheet of
text: paper while Carlos shoots.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: ... my "Polish acrobat" remark
dialog: was ill-considered. Although, I
dialog: meant no harm, I should have
dialog: recognized that such
dialog: (trouble with the next
dialog: word)
dialog: stigmatizing remarks bring pain
dialog: and anguish to...
text: He's having trouble reading the next word.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't read my own writing.
dialog: It's like Chinese --
dialog: (quickly backtracking)
dialog: It's not like Chinese! Chinese
dialog: is, I'm sure, a beautiful
dialog: language and they write ...
dialog: beautifully. It's not Chinese.
text: He wipes sweat away.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus, I'm sweating like a
dialog: Mexican fruit-picker.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: Oh, Christ!
text: QUICK CUTS of Ed, getting his laundry, doing some shopping,
text: getting his oil changed, all being shot by a CAMERA PERSON.
scene_heading: 54 INT. DENTAL OFFICE
text: A YOUNG DENTAL HYGIENIST is cleaning Ed's teeth. The camera is
text: practically right in his mouth. It's making the Hygienist
text: NERVOUS. She's distracted. She hurts Ed. He SCREAMS. She
text: SCREAMS. She drops her tools.
speaker_heading: HYGIENIST
dialog: (near hysterics)
dialog: Can I have some room please?!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (talking with the
dialog: suction in his mouth)
dialog: Gi hu roo.
scene_heading: 55 INT. TV STUDIO
text: It's an educational-type panel discussion involving various
text: eggheads and pundits. It's called "Viewpoint."
speaker_heading: MODERATOR
dialog: Let's change topics for a moment.
dialog: Does anybody have a viewpoint on
dialog: something going on now called "Ed
dialog: TV".
speaker_heading: PANEL MEMBER #1
dialog: This, I believe, is a new low
dialog: point in American culture.
speaker_heading: PANEL MEMBER #2
dialog: I agree. What it reveals is the
dialog: absolute creative bankruptcy in
dialog: the television business. What
dialog: they're saying, basically, is
dialog: "We're giving up. We have no
dialog: ideas."
speaker_heading: PANEL MEMBER #3
dialog: It's worse than that! They don't
dialog: select someone with any talent,
dialog: or with something to say -- they
text: seem to celebrate the fact that
dialog: this guy is a boob. It's a
text: joyous celebration of boobery.
speaker_heading: PANEL MEMBER #4
dialog: I think we've already spent far
dialog: too much time discussing this.
text: They all agree.
scene_heading: 56 INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: OPEN ON Ray with chopsticks up his nose, imitating a walrus.
text: Also, he has lo mein noodles protruding from between his lips.
text: Ed is forcing a smile. Ray is wearing a tee-shirt that says
text: "Ray and Bucky- Video Kings" with a phone number.
scene_heading: 57 INT. REAL TV OFFICE
text: Cynthia is alone working late. She's drinking. She's watching
text: Ray. She's not enjoying him.
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.)
dialog: Ray, don't throw the shrimp,
dialog: you're gonna choke again.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Choke to death, you boring
dialog: bastard.
scene_heading: 58 INT. EWS BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Ed is sitting up in bed, wearing shorts and a tee-shirt, eating
text: directly out of a cereal box.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: The audience likes you when
dialog: you're moving.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes. Try not to stay in one
dialog: place too long. Get outside as
dialog: much as you can.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Also, we have some notions. Have
dialog: you thought about becoming a Big
dialog: Brother?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Or coaching a Little League team?
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: How about a date?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Are you asking me?
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: No, I mean...
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: It's just, the ratings are still
dialog: soft.
speaker_heading: LONG PAUSE
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Are you going to cancel me?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Let's not worry about that vet.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You're testing well.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: There's another problem.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: It's ... Ray.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What about Ray?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Well, the walrus impression -
dialog: delightful as it was -- is just
dialog: not wowing the audience. This is
dialog: some audience research.
text: He hands Ed a PRINTOUT. Ed doesn't know how to interpret the
dialog: figures.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What does this mean?
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: It means they hate his freaking
dialog: guts. It means if he were on
dialog: fire they wouldn't put him out.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: He's just ... trying a little too
dialog: hard --
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Ed, the audience can smell the
text: desperation coming through the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Could you... see him a little
dialog: less often?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: How much less?
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: Never would be plenty.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I can't do that to him. He's
dialog: pushing a little too hard -
dialog: but... I just can't do that to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SILENCE
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: He'11 be fine.
scene_heading: 59 INT. CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: "DAY FIVE"
text: Ed is driving slowly on a busy street. Suddenly an
text: EIGHTEEN YEAR-OLD BOY lands heavily on Ed's windshield. Ed is badly
text: startled. He can't see. He swerves and stops. The boy is not
text: hurt. He's banging on the windshield, waving at the camera.
text: Ed, furious, gets out.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What the --?!
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I'm on TV! I'm on TV!
text: Ed just stares in disbelief.
scene_heading: 61 EXT. STREET - LATER
text: Ed is walking. PEOPLE YELL at him.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Ed! Your show stinks!
text: The Guy LAUGHS like he really got in a good one. Ed ignores him.
text: TWO TEENAGERS run in, one has a camera and quickly snaps a
text: picture of Ed and the other Guy. Merrily, they shake his hand
text: and run off, whooping.
text: There are PEOPLE who trail along. Many of them will show up
text: again and again, throughout the movie, following Ed. Some of
dialog: them will look mentally or emotionally impaired.
scene_heading: 62 INT. VIDEO STORE - NIGHT
text: QUICK SHOTS of Ed with CUSTOMERS - One or two show a bit of
text: camera-consciousness. A little group has gathered to observe
dialog: Ed's "show".
scene_heading: 63 INT. APARTMENT BUILDING HALLWAY- NIGHT
text: Ed rings the bell.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to the camera)
text: This is Ray's apartment. Ray's
dialog: got a big-screen TV and the
text: Knicks are playing in L.A.
dialog: tonight, so sometimes I come over
dialog: after I work late and we watch
dialog: the game here. He makes funny
dialog: comments. He's really a good
dialog: guy. He just...
speaker_heading: RAY (O.C.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It's me, Ed.
text: The door opens a crack, revealing Ray in a bathrobe. Ray's
text: look is unwelcoming.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You watching the ballgame?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Uh, no, uh I'm a little tired.
dialog: I fell asleep.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh. All right. I'11 watch at
dialog: home, then.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.C.)
dialog: Ray, where do you keep the
dialog: glasses?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, is Shari here? Why didn't
dialog: you just say so? Why are you
dialog: giving me a song-and-dance about
dialog: being tired?
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Hi, Shari.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.C.)
dialog: Who's Shari?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Who's --
text: Ray looks pained. Ed realizes what's happening and freezes
text: Ray's phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Oh shit...
text: He turns to answer his phone, allowing the door to swing open
text: a little. Ed can see into the kitchen. He sees a WOMAN,
text: wearing just panties, facing away from him, searching for
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello... Shari, hi... Oh no! ...
dialog: Oh God!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: We'd better go...
text: RAPID CUTS of VIEWERS loving this, some screaming "Don't go!,
dialog: don't leave, stay" etc.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No, honey, it's not what it looks
dialog: like--
text: She hangs up on him. He holds his head.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Oh God ... Ed!
scene_heading: 64 INT. HALLWAY
text: Ed is TIP-TOEING away. He stops when Ray calls him. Ray 'runs
text: out into the hallway after him. They speak with lowered
dialog: voices.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That was Shari. She saw the
dialog: whole thing on TV--
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What is this? What's going on,
dialog: who is that?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: It's the receptionist at one of
dialog: the places I service video
dialog: equipment -- she's very pretty
dialog: and, you know, she never even
dialog: talks to me and then today I come
dialog: in and she's all "I saw you on TV
dialog: the other night... You were so
dialog: great ... " Next thing I know
dialog: we're ...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Next thing you know! Why didn't
dialog: you stop?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Stop? I'm a guy. I don't stop.
dialog: The woman's supposed to stop.
dialog: We're the gas, they're the
dialog: brakes.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.C.)
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Ray, I finished the Snapple.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Fine!
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.C.)
dialog: Is there more?
speaker_heading: RAY
text: In the cabinet, but it's warm.
dialog: There's ice in the tray. I
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: Talk to her.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I don't even know her. All I
dialog: know is she likes Snapple.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: No, not her. Shari. Go over
dialog: there and talk to her
scene_heading: 65 INT. CYNTHIA'S BEDROOM
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Yes! Go!
text: She THROWS SOMETHING at the screen.
text: She PICKS UP the PHONE.
scene_heading: 66 INT. HALLWAY
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You brought the cameras here!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You brought the girl!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Please!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: If I go over to Shari, the
text: camera's going there, too.
text: The Camera Operators are vigorously nodding and mouthing "Yes, Go."
text: Ray is oblivious to this, but Ed picks it up.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's good. She'11 -- you know
dialog: control herself. Look. If I go
dialog: over there, she's just gonna slam
dialog: the door on me. Just go over and
dialog: beg her to talk to me, that's
dialog: all. Please. You owe me for
dialog: this!
text: Ed accepts the irony of Ray's attitude without comment
scene_heading: 67 INT. ANOTHER HALLWAY- NIGHT
text: The door opens, revealing RITA, Shari's roommate.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Um... Shari knew you were coming
dialog: over because she saw ...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Right, yeah --
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: She really doesn't want you and
dialog: the camera in here right now.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, I understand. That's -
dialog: where is she, is she all right?
text: Rita isn't sure how much she should reveal.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I ... gave her a drink. I thought
dialog: it ... but she's not much of a
dialog: drinker, so it's made her a
dialog: little... belligerent.
text: Shari appears in the doorway over Rita's shoulder. she's
text: holding a liquor bottle and she's a little drunk.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: What do you want?!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: Shari, I'm just really sorry.
dialog: Look, I know this is...
dialog: unbelievably awkward, but if I
dialog: could come in for like a second
dialog: and -- you know -- just say...
dialog: two words, then...
text: Shari indicates with her head, that Ed can come in.
text: Ed and Carlos enter. Rita shuts the door. Shari crosses to a
text: couch. Ed indicates for Carlos to give them some distance.
scene_heading: 68 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Don't lose them, Carlos. This is
dialog: gold. Stay out of their way, but
dialog: get everything.
scene_heading: 69 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT
text: Carlos settles across the room. He rests the camera down as if
text: he's not even shooting, but he's still guiding it where he
text: wants it throughout the scene.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I'm gonna go to bed.
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: You okay?
text: Shari shrugs.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Good night.
text: She gives the camera a quick glance.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
text: (quickly, with a small
dialog: wave)
dialog: Hi, Mom.
dialog: (she exits)
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Shari, Ray feels --
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (starting to cry)
dialog: Don't defend that horse's ass to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm not. I'm not. I'm just
dialog: Look -- you know, in a way, it's
dialog: good. He got this out of his
dialog: system now and he knows it's
dialog: not worth it and, you know,
dialog: someday if you guys got married
dialog: or something --
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Ha!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Okay ...
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (poking Ed as she
dialog: talks)
dialog: I've got news for you-- I never
dialog: intended to marry him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh... how come?
scene_heading: 70 INT. RAY'S APARTMENT
text: Ray, watching on TV.
scene_heading: 71 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Well, for one thing, he's a bad
dialog: lay.
scene_heading: 72 INT. RAY'S APARTMENT
text: His eyes bulge out and he begins to gasp.
text: RAPID SHOTS of viewers reacting-- "Whoa!" laughs, etc. The
text: college girls applauding. one of them SCREAMS "Tell it!"
scene_heading: 73 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT
text: Ed realizes that Ray's been called a "bad lay" on television.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (directly into the
dialog: camera)
dialog: I mean bad.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Look, not having been there... I
dialog: just think you're hurt and you're
dialog: saying this to, you know, get
text: back at him.
text: She starts to cry.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Look... whether you get back
dialog: together or not, you're too
dialog: terrific a person to... lower
dialog: yourself like this.
scene_heading: 74 INT. RAY'S APARTMENT
text: Ray, still in shock.
scene_heading: 75 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, I told Ray -- a couple of
dialog: times -- that I thought you were
dialog: one of the best and ... smartest
dialog: and... most attractive women
dialog: I've ever seen so...
text: In comforting her, he's gotten his face very close to hers.
scene_heading: 76 INT. DORMITORY
dialog: Same dorm girls as before.
speaker_heading: DORM GIRL
dialog: Kiss him! Kiss him!
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah.
text: She tilts her head forward a little, hesitates, then kisses
text: him, at first warmly, then passionately.
scene_heading: 77 INT. DORM ROOM
text: The girls are going wild-- SCREECHING.
scene_heading: 78 INT. TAD'S HOUSE
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: I'm nuts, hah?! I knew it! I
dialog: said!
text: He dials the phone.
scene_heading: 79 INT. JOHN'S HOUSE
text: John is stunned.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, Jesus!
scene_heading: 80 INT. RAY'S APARTMENT
text: He stares, amazed.
text: The WOMAN he was found with appears behind him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I found the Snapple.
scene_heading: 81 INT. CYNTHIA'S BEDROOM
text: She sees the kiss.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Yes! Yes! I win! Scharlach,
dialog: you schmuck! I am the golden
dialog: goddess of television!
text: She begins beating her chest, one fist at a time while she
text: SCREAMS in triumph.
scene_heading: 82 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT
text: Shari and Ed have stopped kissing. They both look stunned.
text: Shari is suddenly sober.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Oh my God.
text: She looks at Carlos who has now moved closer to them
speaker_heading: SHARI (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It's... okay
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: I kissed my boyfriend's brother
dialog: on television!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, when you put it that way.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Leave. Go.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Can't we just --
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Go!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: All right. Okay. I'11 ... see
dialog: you.
text: He and Carlos exit. Going through the door, he gives Carlos a
text: little push then quickly steps back inside, slams the door and
dialog: locks it.
scene_heading: 83 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
speaker_heading: CARLOS (V.O.)
dialog: I'm locked out.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Stay calm. Shoot the door.
dialog: We're running sound. And we've
text: got a camera in the street.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. BUILDING
text: A CAMERA is shooting at a second-story window. We SEE
scene_heading: SILHOUETTES.
scene_heading: 85 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT
text: Ed is at the door. Shari is across the room. They stare at
text: each other silently. Then they run to each other. They kiss
dialog: again.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. BUILDING
dialog: We can SEE them KISSING...
scene_heading: 87 INT. APARTMENT
text: Ed and Shari are all over each other. They're breathless.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: What are we doing?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I've got to tell you something.
dialog: I have had a big thing for you
dialog: for months.
text: INTERCUT WITH SHOTS OF VIEWERS
text: They're seeing the door or the silhouette shot, but they're
text: hearing every word. They're mesmerized.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Really?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah. I mean for months I've
dialog: been seeing you with Ray you
dialog: being his girlfriend and I
dialog: kept wishing you were my
dialog: girlfriend... But, you know, what
dialog: could I do?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Me too. I mean I'm going out
dialog: with Ray and I'm... thinking
dialog: about you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Oh God, this is so weird.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Weird? If this happened last
dialog: month it would've been weird.
dialog: Now with... the TV and... now
dialog: it's just too weird.
text: They look at each other. They don't know what to do.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd better go.
text: She nods. He walks to the door.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Once more?
text: She nods. They run back to each other and kiss.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. BUILDING
text: The silhouettes are kissing.
scene_heading: 89 INT. RAY'S APARTMENT
text: Ray staring at the TV.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. PRIVATE HOME - LATER
speaker_heading: "DAY SIX"
text: This is a fairly old, modest private home. Ed pulls up. He
text: and Carlos get out of the car. Ed hurries up to the front door
text: and enters.
scene_heading: 91 INT. HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: Ed enters. He's a little AGITATED
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON AL
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi, Al.
text: Al is in his wheelchair and taking periodic hits off an oxygen
text: mask connected to a tank. Al's watching himself on TV.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Look. It's me.
text: He WAVES.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah. I brought you some movies.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Anything good?
text: They LAUGH.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, I intentionally picked out a
dialog: lot of crap 'cause I don't like
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Is Mom here? I gotta talk to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: She's in the kitchen. I'd yell
dialog: for her, but I'd die.
dialog: (sucks more oxygen)
dialog: You had a busy night last night.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Yeah. Ma...
speaker_heading: JEANETTE (O.C.)
dialog: Eddie? ...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE (O.C.)
dialog: Are the TV people with you?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah. The camera guy is here.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE (O.C.)
dialog: Send him away.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Send him? Ma, I can't.
dialog: it's -- just come out here.
dialog: Please, I --
speaker_heading: JEANETTE (O.C.)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Do you want us to come in the
dialog: kitchen?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE (O.C.)
dialog: No. It's a mess.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Look, Ma, come on out. Really.
dialog: I need to talk to you.
text: After a pause, Jeanette enters, very camera-conscious.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: This is my mother.
text: STIFFLY, he gives her a kiss.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Ma, do you know where Ray is?
dialog: I've been calling him and I'm
dialog: getting his machine and --
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Eddie, how could you do it? Your
dialog: brother's girlfriend.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hey, he cheated on her.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: He made a mistake.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I don't want to -- do you know
dialog: where he is?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
text: No. Maybe he's watching.
dialog: (indicates the camera)
dialog: Tell him you're sorry. Tell him
dialog: you'11 stay away from that girl.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No! And that girl has a name.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: What do you love her or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Come on...
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Look at your face. I had a car
dialog: that color.
text: VARIOUS REACTIONS OF VIEWERS really liking this.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: I know you. This Shari is a
text: passing fancy.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No! I -- All right,
dialog: look, if you hear from Ray.... tell
dialog: him to call me, okay?
text: He KISSES her again.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: How's Marcia? She all right?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: She's living with that
dialog: "entertainer"...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (trying to make his
dialog: mother feel better)
dialog: Well, who knows? Maybe she
dialog: finally picked a winner this
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (unconvinced)
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You and Al lived together a few
dialog: months before you got married --
dialog: after Dad left.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (looks at the TV)
dialog: Oh my God!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I mean, that worked out.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Oh my God!!
text: She gets in the closet and closes the door.
scene_heading: 92 INT. OFFICE
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: I think we're through here.
text: The Real TV group is there.
text: They're smiling. Cynthia is ON the PHONE
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I will. I'11 tell them.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: That was Scharlach. All of you,
dialog: scrub your asses. He's coming
text: over to kiss them.
text: They all WHOOP and LAUGH.
scene_heading: 93 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Shari and Rita are watching Ed leave his parents house on TV.
text: Rita is very excited. Shari is ON the PHONE.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Um, I'd like to get a new phone
dialog: number, please... Because I'm
dialog: getting calls from every nut case
dialog: in America... Right, unlisted...
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (she holds)
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Aren't you excited? He said he
dialog: loved you on television!
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: He didn't say it. His stepfather
dialog: said it.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Well, the stepfather's cute...
dialog: Seriously, how do you feel about
dialog: Ed?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: I think he's great. He just
dialog: makes me feel... oh, I'm really
dialog: gonna get hurt, this time - Hello ...
text: CUTS OF VARIOUS VIEWERS WATCHING REAL TV
text: End on TAD and BARRY in a health club. This is the refreshment
text: area. They've played racquetball and they're sweaty. They're
dialog: watching Real TV.
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: I'11 tell you something else.
dialog: The old guy in the wheelchair?
dialog: The stepfather? They're gonna
dialog: have him die.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: What do you mean "they're gonna
dialog: have him die?"
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: You know, for a tearjerker. The
dialog: audience falls in love with this
dialog: loveable old geezer in a
text: wheelchair and then he dies,
dialog: it's ... They know what they're
dialog: doing.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: This is real, Bananahead!
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: So if it's a show and they have
dialog: a guy die that's writing, but if
dialog: it's real and they have a guy die
dialog: that's murder.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. VIDEO STORE - DAY
text: Ed arrives for work.
text: People CALL OUT to him-- PEDESTRIANS, PEOPLE FROM CARS, TRUCK
text: DRIVERS. "Hey Ed, my man." Ed waves. People shake his hand.
text: A teenage boy looks into the camera, making a funny face.
text: Someone else looks into the camera and says, "Hi, Ma."
text: Suddenly, Ray is there with a WOMAN. Ray is not happy. He's
text: wearing DARK GLASSES and a HAT.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hi.
text: Ed stops.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: ... Ray?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, man, I've been trying to call
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Look, we gotta talk.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Save it.
text: A GUY in a car appears and points at Ray.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Hey, you're that French guy on TV.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: French guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Monsieur Bad-a-lay.
text: The guy drives away. Ray is steaming.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Let me just do what I came here
dialog: to do.
text: Ed thinks he means to fight. Ed tries to calm him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What are we gonna fight? Ray,
dialog: please, listen to me --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (beckoning)
dialog: Cassie...
text: CASSIE, a woman about Ray's age, steps forward. She's slightly
text: self-conscious.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Go ahead.
text: Ray points Cassie to the camera.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: This is really hard.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You promised me.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: I went out with Ray a few years
dialog: ago for... a couple of months.
dialog: And we... were intimate. And.
dialog: he's really not as bad as that
dialog: girl said he was.
text: Ray nods.
speaker_heading: CASSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, I've definitely had
dialog: worse.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's enough.
text: Ed is amazed that Ray would do this.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: Good-bye, brother!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Ray, come an--
text: Ray leaves, still angry.
text: Cassie lingers.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (flirting slightly)
dialog: So you're Ed.
text: Ray returns and yanks Cassie away with him. Ed still hasn't
text: recovered from the bizarreness he just witnessed. Two girls
text: YELL in unison from across the street.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Ed... we love you!
scene_heading: 95 INT. REAL TV OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Cynthia and her staff, around a conference call box.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: We're not going to be able to
dialog: come over there for anymore
dialog: midnight meetings. People are
dialog: starting to watch your building.
dialog: The interest level in you is
text: soaring.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 95A INT. ED'S BEDROOM.
speaker_heading: Ed's OFF-CAMERA
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Soaring is good, right? I mean,
dialog: that means you're not gonna
dialog: cancel me, right?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Man, he wants that balloon
dialog: payment.
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Ed, why didn't you go over to see
dialog: Shari today? That's what all our
dialog: viewers were hoping you'd do.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Isn't she great? I mean, maybe
dialog: just to me, but... I don't know,
dialog: she's just --
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: She's great, she's great. Why
dialog: didn't you go see her?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I wanted to! I was dying to!
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Is it Ray?
dialog: (pulls out research)
dialog: The audience hates Ray. Females,
dialog: 18 to 35 --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, I don't need to hear that. Cynthia?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Yes, Ed.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Could we just talk alone for a
dialog: second? I --
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Good idea.
dialog: (to her staff)
dialog: Could you all leave us alone for
dialog: a few minutes?
text: She PANTOMIMES for them to stay in the room, but be quiet. The
text: staff scrape chair legs and feign movement and ad lib "Bye Ed",
dialog: "See you, buddy" etc. They all stay.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: How you doing, Ed?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I feel like when I was a kid and
dialog: my mother sent me to school in
text: orange corduroy pants.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: (no clue)
dialog: Uh-huh?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: And all the kids stared calling
dialog: me "Pumpkin Ass." "Hey Pumpkin
dialog: Ass," -- for like a year. So,
dialog: now, I feel like everyone's
dialog: watching me and, you know, I'm
text: "Pumpkin Ass" again.
text: The staff are stifling giggles.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Can I tell you something? I
dialog: think you are fantastic. I think
dialog: you have taken an idea and turned
text: it into something explosive.
text: The staff stifle laughter. One of the guys is doing a jerk-off
text: gesture. Cynthia gives them the finger.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Can I give you one bit of advice?
dialog: About Shari?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
text: A woman wants to be pursued.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. SUBURBAN HOME - DAY
text: Shari, in her Fed-ex uniform is making a delivery. A WOMAN's
dialog: signing for it.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: This is so exciting! A real
dialog: celebrity delivering my figs.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Sign here, please.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: That Ray was a pig. Ed is
dialog: doll. You latch on to him
dialog: honey.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: By the X.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Some more make-up wouldn't do you
dialog: any harm. On TV you look a
text: little washed out.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: What would I actually have to do
dialog: to get you to sign this?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: Oh, an TV a minute and already an
dialog: attitude.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: By the X. That's were two lines
text: cross -- forming an X.
text: ANGRILY, the Woman signs and slams the door.
text: She heads back to her truck. She looks up and Ed is there with
text: flowers. The TV cameras are there also. Shari is startled.
text: But she's also glad to see him.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I missed you.
text: She's camera-shy.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, I never saw you in your
dialog: uniform before.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Yeah, well...
text: They both LAUGH.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It's really a tremendous turnoff.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: You should see the one we wear
dialog: when it rains.
speaker_heading: ED
text: Sunday night at the Devils game,
dialog: I'm driving the Zamboni.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You know, the big machine that
text: cleans the ice.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Oh yeah.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It's quite an honor. Will you
dialog: come with me?
text: She looks at the camera.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Look, I know this is weird.
dialog: But... I don't want to wait. I
dialog: really think we might have
dialog: something together. Don't you?
text: EMBARRASSED, she nods.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. Be my zamboni date.
text: She doesn't say "no."
text: They KISS -- a little hesitantly, not passionately, but
text: affectionately. She's still self-conscious, but she's going
dialog: with the flow.
scene_heading: 97 INT. CYNTHIA'S OFFICE
text: They're watching. They CHEER and high-five each other.
scene_heading: 98 INT. SHORT MONTAGE
text: Ed and Shari dating. She's shy, but she really likes Ed. He
dialog: likes her and is very sweet to her.
dialog: 1) Ed and Shari some place like "Tavern on the Green." She
text: looks pretty. He's very happy.
text: 2) They come out of a club. TOURISTS photograph them. Shari
text: is a little disconcerted. Ed takes out a little camera of his
text: own and photographs the tourists. This makes Shari laugh and
text: relaxes her.
scene_heading: 3) HOCKEY ARENA
text: CLOSE-UP of Ed, driving the Zamboni. He's loving it. He WAVES
dialog: to Shari.
text: SHARI IN THE STANDS, watching. She waves and smiles.
text: The ice, a WIDER SHOT.
text: The Zamboni is, basically out of control. Carlos is sliding
text: along the ice, shooting Ed as the Zamboni zig-zags dangerously,
text: eventually crashing into the boards, shattering the Plexiglas.
scene_heading: 99 INT. LOCAL ROCK CLUB - NIGHT
text: It's very CROWDED. Claustrophobic. Loud. Ed and Shari enter
text: just to see the show. They're spotted.
text: The Crowd, which is already fired up by the music, sees them.
text: It starts out okay, people crowding around, patting Ed on the
dialog: back.
text: A CHANT begins "Ed, Ed, Ed..." Pretty soon it drowns out the
dialog: music.
text: More people press towards Ed. It's too crowded -- dangerous.
text: Shari is swept away from Ed. She's buffeted about, violently.
text: She goes down. Ed can't move. The Crowd is friendly and
text: happy, but the effect is scary.
scene_heading: 100 EXT. ROCK CLUB - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: BOUNCERS squeeze Ed and Shari out the door, protecting them.
text: Ed is unnerved. Shari is somewhat bedraggled. Her clothing is
text: torn.
scene_heading: 101 INT. ED'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: Ed is ON the PHONE.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA'S OFFICE
dialog: Yeah?!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: They tore her dress! ...
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: We're going to get you a
dialog: bodyguard, don't worry. Ed, I
dialog: have some news for you. We're
dialog: picking up Ed TV for another
dialog: month!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Yeah?!
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: That means a balloon payment and
dialog: a big raise for the second month.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Stand back -- I'm about to do my
dialog: Happy Dance.
dialog: He does.
scene_heading: 102 INT. RESTAURANT
text: Ed and Shari are EATING. So is a HUGE MAN sitting between
dialog: them. His name is MOE.
scene_heading: 103 INT. ROLLER RINK
text: Ed and Shari are SKATING. Up ahead of them, Moe, (on skates)
text: is plowing into people, knocking them over.
scene_heading: 104 INT. PIZZA JOINT - NIGHT
text: Ed and Shari get up to leave. They look at each other, very
text: affectionately. They want to kiss. The cameras are close.
text: Ed is wearing a jacket. He spreads it out wide to block
text: Shari's face from the cameras. He leans in and they KISS on
text: the lips, several times, while Ed's jacket screens off the
text: cameras. They're in love.
scene_heading: 105 INT. TV NEWS SHOW- THREE WEEKS LATER
text: Written on the screen -- "Day 26."
dialog: It's the same news team we met earlier.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: Well, welve had pet rocks, hula
dialog: hoops, Davy Crockett, Beatle
text: wigs, and leisure suits. But
dialog: America's latest craze is a guy
dialog: named Ed. Here with that story
dialog: is entertainment reporter, Rick
dialog: Douglas.
scene_heading: ENTERTAINMENT REPORTER
dialog: Pat, four weeks ago, no one in
dialog: America had even heard of Ed
dialog: Pekurny. Today, this thirty-one
text: year-old video store clerk has
dialog: become something of a national
dialog: obsession. The words viewers use
dialog: to describe him are "charming,"
dialog: "natural," and "appealing." And
dialog: ratings indicate that "Ed TV" is
dialog: being watched by more people,
dialog: each day, than any show in the
dialog: history of cable television.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SHOT of Scharlach being interviewed. A CAPTION identifies him.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: This idea just came to me. I
dialog: told my staff -- if people just
dialog: tune in twice a day for five
dialog: minutes we're a hit. Sometimes
dialog: you gotta go with your gut
dialog: feeling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 106 INT. CYNTHIA'S OFFICE
text: She's watching. She's ANGRY.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Sure it came to you! Because I
dialog: brought it to you!
dialog: (raises her fist)
dialog: You want a gut feeling?! How
dialog: about a groin feeling?!
dialog: (raises her foot)
text: BACK TO NEWS REPORT
scene_heading: ENTERTAINMENT REPORTER
dialog: Ed TV has become so popular that
dialog: when Ed goes to sleep Real TV is
dialog: running highlights of Ed's day
dialog: all night. Some viewers have
text: become obsessed with Ed. They
text: wake up when Ed wakes up, they go
text: to sleep when Ed goes to sleep,
text: and in between they try to watch
dialog: as much of him as possible.
scene_heading: A SERIES OF MAN-IN-THE-STREET INTERVIEWS.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Yeah, I watch it... More than I'd
dialog: like to admit sometimes.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (about fifty)
dialog: Never... no...
speaker_heading: YOUNGER MAN
dialog: Honestly? ... I try not to go to
text: the bathroom until Ed goes to the
dialog: bathroom so I won't miss
dialog: anything.
text: A GUY in an ice cream store.
speaker_heading: ICE CREAM GUY
dialog: Watch this! Like Ed.
text: He slices a banana the way Ed does.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: I just kind of leave it an, you
dialog: know, so it's... there.
scene_heading: THREE TEEN-AGE GIRLS
speaker_heading: TEEN-AGER #l
dialog: I don't like Shari. She's ...
dialog: needy.
speaker_heading: TEEN-AGER #2
dialog: I like her. She's sweet.
speaker_heading: TEEN-AGER #1
dialog: She just rubs me the wrong way.
speaker_heading: TEEN-AGER #3
dialog: I'm so glad they got rid of Ray.
dialog: He was creepy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUYS
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: To me, this Shari is like
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: GUY #2
dialog: She's not even hot. I mean Ed's
dialog: a celebrity. If that was me, I'd
dialog: be dating the goods.
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: There's something wrong with her.
dialog: She's definitely not hot.
speaker_heading: GUY #2
dialog: Not hot. Not.
scene_heading: 107 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT
text: She's watching this, wearing a bathrobe.
text: Her self-esteem is being crushed.
scene_heading: 108 INT. TV STUDIO
text: This is an "E TV" kind of gossip show. The host -- a YOUNG
text: WOMAN -- is showing film of Ed and Shari getting out of Ed's
text: car. The film freeze-frames. Shari has an
text: unflattering look on her face.
speaker_heading: GOSSIP QUEEN
dialog: What's wrong with her! Everytime
dialog: you look at this chick, it's like
dialog: she badly needs a Tampax. Ed, you
dialog: can do better.
text: Shari watching, in horror.
scene_heading: 109 INT. DELICATESSAN - NIGHT
text: Ed and Shari are on a date. A WAITRESS is taking their order.
text: Shari still seems a little self-conscious, but Ed is having a
dialog: ball.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'11 have...
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: Get this --
dialog: (to the waitress)
dialog: I'11 have the "Ed."
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: I'm stunned.
text: A WOMAN with her young SON approach.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Mr. Pekurny. I'm sorry to bother
dialog: you. My son would just love to
dialog: have your autograph.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No problema.
dialog: (to the boy)
dialog: You want a picture?
text: The boy nods.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Moe.
text: MOE, the Bodyguard, in the next booth hands Ed a glossy of Ed
text: and a pen. Ed signs it.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Take this around the corner to
dialog: Frame World, they'll give you a
dialog: discount.
text: The Woman and Child leave.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: Oh -- Sunday is good for me to
dialog: meet your folks. We get a big
dialog: family audience on Sundays so it
dialog: works out.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (ironic)
dialog: That's lucky.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Saturday, I think we should
speaker_heading: A PHONE RINGS
text: Ed takes a phone out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: (plugging)
text: Compliments of Motorola.
dialog: Hello... Marcia??
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: My sister. -- What? ... What,
dialog: right now? ... I'm eating, I'm on
dialog: a date! ... Well, where's your
dialog: boyfriend -- what's his name?
dialog: Cliff .... Then, call a cab...
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: All right. Look, just don't
dialog: start any trouble okay. Just sit
dialog: there quietly 'til I get there...
dialog: you're welcome.
text: He HANGS UP. He's disgusted.
scene_heading: 110 INT. CAR - A FEW MINUTES LATER
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This used to be a regular thing.
dialog: And the worst part, is while
dialog: she'd be waiting for me to come
dialog: down to some bar and get her,
dialog: she'd start up with some guy and
dialog: say "Wait 'til my brother gets
dialog: here, he'11 kick your ass." So
dialog: then I walk in and there's some
text: rhinoceros in a windbreaker who
dialog: tries to shove me into a shot
dialog: glass. And Marcia's drunk and
dialog: screaming "Kick his ass, Ed.
dialog: Kick his ass."
dialog: (looks out)
dialog: I think this is it.
scene_heading: 111 INT. BAR
text: It's not a seedy dive. Ed and Shari and the camera operators
text: enter. A CUSTOMER approaches.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You're
text: the guy on TV.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What was the tip-off? The
dialog: enormous camera?
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Watch this.
text: The guy does Ed's "Happy Dance."
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER (CONT'D)
dialog: See, like you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah. Keep up the good work.
text: Ed brushes by him. He sees a WOMAN passed out at a table.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh great.
text: He prepares to lift her.
speaker_heading: MARCIA (O.C.)
dialog: Ed.
text: He turns and sees Marcia standing there.
speaker_heading: MARCIA (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hm? I'm, uh... Why isn't this
dialog: drunken woman you?
text: He lets go of the woman.
text: Her head bounces on the table.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT' D)
dialog: What's going on? Why did you
dialog: want me to come down here?
text: Marcia guides them into chairs.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
text: Cliff is here. He's performing.
dialog: I wanted you to see him.
text: For a second, Ed doesn't get it. Then.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh! Oh -- okay, now I get it.
dialog: It's "Star Search." You wanted
dialog: me here because the camera comes
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: Ed, he needs a break. You don't
dialog: know what kind of bad luck he's
dialog: had --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I can imagine. You said you
dialog: wanted nothing to do with this.
dialog: You swore to me. "Don't come
dialog: near me. Don't bring this into
dialog: my life..."
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: For God sakes, you said two words
dialog: about some lousy pizza joint, the
dialog: guy's a millionaire now. This
dialog: could be my whole future we're
dialog: talking about.
dialog: (to Shari)
dialog: Hi, I'm Ed's sister.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (politely)
dialog: I've heard so much about you.
scene_heading: 112 INT. BAR - LATER
text: Cliff is in the middle of his show.
text: He's wearing a PORTABLE ORGAN. He's not great. He's a smalltime
text: professional with a lot of pep. Marcia is beaming. Ed's
text: cameras are shooting him.
text: CUTS OF Cliff, singing every type of song, imaginable. This
dialog: guy is desperately trying to cover all the bases -- i.e.
dialog: Sinatra-type standards, something from "Lion King", "Do Ya'
text: Think I'm Sexy," "Smokin' in the Boy's Room," "Hey, Hey, We're
text: the Monkees," the theme from "Hawaii Five-0," a rap number, and
dialog: "Ave Maria."
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ED AND SHARI
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I wish my stepfather was here.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: He could give me some oxygen.
scene_heading: 113 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT - LATER
text: Ed and Shari are KISSING.
text: CUTAWAYS TO VIEWERS
speaker_heading: TAD AND BARRY
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Oh boy! Here we go!
dialog: Ed is passionate.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE AND AL
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (cringing)
dialog: Euuw...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Fuming.
text: BACK TO ED AND SHARI
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Um...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What?
dialog: 
text: She indicates the camera. Ed tries to allay her fears.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you. If we... you know
dialog: do it, they go away until ...
dialog: we're done.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: I know, but even if they go away,
dialog: everybody in America knows what
dialog: we're doing because... they went
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So? What do they think -- we're
dialog: not kids --
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: I know, I ...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Shari, I really like you...
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: I really like you too...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: ...if this ...
dialog: (the camera)
dialog: ... weren't here... ?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: ... yeah, then, but...
speaker_heading: CUTAWAYS
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So...?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Ed... I think we should stop
dialog: seeing each other.
dialog: The guys who said she wasn't hot.
text: They applaud.
speaker_heading: THE DORM GIRLS
text: They're booing Shari.
speaker_heading: A BAR
text: A very attractive woman (JILL) and her friend.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: That girl's an idiot.
text: BACK TO ED AND SHARI
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What?... Why?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (starting to weep)
dialog: I can't take it anymore...
text: GUYS WHO DON'T THINK SHE'S HOT
text: They mock her, crying "Boo hoo hoo" and pretending to rub their
text: eyes.
text: BACK TO ED AND SHARI
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I have no privacy. Even now!
text: I'm crying and I can't stop and
dialog: they won't go away. And now it's
dialog: going to be another month!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Shari...
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Everybody hates me!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No. Who?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Look at this.
text: She picks up a N.Y. POST.
speaker_heading: SHARI (CONT'D)
dialog: Page three of the Post.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (knows what it is)
dialog: Ohh...
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: A poll. "Is Shari Good Enough
dialog: for Ed?" Seventy-one per cent
dialog: said "no."
dialog: (crying)
dialog: They hate me!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Who cares? I don't ca -- No. I
dialog: do care.
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: Shame on everybody. Shame on
dialog: you! Well, just the seventy-one
dialog: percent. The other...
dialog: (he can't do the math)
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Twenty-nine.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Exactly. Boy, you're smart.
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: Why are you so mean to her? What
dialog: did she do to you?
dialog: (picks up newspaper)
dialog: "Is she good enough for Ed?" Who
dialog: the hell am I?
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Who the hell do you think I
dialog: should be dating?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: There's a list.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Really?
dialog: (he looks)
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Ed?
text: He doesn't hear her. He's scanning the list.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Wow...
scene_heading: 114 INT. DAVID LETTERMAN SHOW (OR SOMETHING)
text: Ed is a guest.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I'm out here an hour a night and
dialog: I feel like a dork. You're on
dialog: every minute! Doesn't it just
dialog: drive you nuts?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: All this fame and the money
dialog: you're making. Is this going to
dialog: change you, do you think?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: God, I hope so.
scene_heading: BIGGER LAUGHS.
scene_heading: 115 INT. GREEN ROOM - LATER
text: It's after the show. Ed is getting ready to leave. John is
text: with him, keeping him company. A. P.A. is giving Ed a bag of
dialog: gifts. (Of course, Ed is still on Ed TV.)
scene_heading: PRODUCTION ASSISTANT
dialog: You've got a ham in there and
dialog: Dave's book and --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hey, if it's free, it's me.
dialog: (to John)
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. You did good. What's
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Aah, I wanted Shari to come.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh -- so I'm just, what -- a poor
dialog: substitute?
text: He KISSES John.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: Honey, if you're watching this is
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No! Don't --
dialog: (new subject)
dialog: Oh, wow.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What?
text: ANGLE ON JILL IN THE HALLWAY (We met her earlier in a cutaway.)
text: She's saying good-bye to a CASTING ASSISTANT.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No more calls, we have a
dialog: winner.
text: Jill looks up, sees Ed and walks right up to him
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi.
text: SECURITY steps forward.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: It's all right.
text: They step back.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'm Jill. I really like your
dialog: show. I think you're great.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Thanks... That's ...
text: Shari, watching this on television.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You must be John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm trying to remember.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: Well, I don't want to bother you,
dialog: I'm just -- I was here
dialog: auditioning for a skit. You
dialog: know, one of those things where
dialog: Dave goes around town with models
dialog: and whatever...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, yeah, I love those. Yeah...
dialog: those are funny...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Well, it was really nice meeting
dialog: you and, uh...
dialog: (checks her watch)
dialog: I'd better get a cab.
text: But she doesn't leave.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Um... They gave me a limo, uh...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh, great! Thanks. I'm just
text: going uptown.
text: She takes his arm and leads him out.
scene_heading: 116 INT. HEALTH CLUB - NEXT DAY
text: Written on the screen -- "Day 28"
text: Two WOMEN on Stairmasters.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
text: V11 bet he goes out with her.
dialog: It's like those actors -- as soon
dialog: as they get famous -- Pfft -
dialog: there goes the wife.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. COLLEGE
dialog: The dorm girls.
scene_heading: 118 INT. POKER GAME
speaker_heading: COLLEGE GIRL
dialog: He'll never cheat on Shari!
text: The game includes Tad and Barry.
scene_heading: 119 INT. TV STUDIO
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: You think she really likes him?
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: She doesn't give a shit about
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: You know what would be great?
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: If Ray would steal this girl from
dialog: Ed. That would be great.
speaker_heading: POKER PLAYER #2
dialog: You know what would be even
dialog: better?
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: POKER PLAYER #2
dialog: If you shut your hole and played
dialog: cards. Goddam pineapple
dialog: brothers.
text: The same eggheads who, earlier, had no interest in Ed. Now
dialog: they're all worked up.
speaker_heading: PANEL MEMBER #1
dialog: But he's not a normal person
dialog: anymore. He's a celebrity.
dialog: We're no longer observing
dialog: anyone's "real life."
speaker_heading: PANEL MEMBER #2
dialog: (disagreeing)
dialog: But that's what's interesting!
dialog: The effect of celebrity on an
dialog: otherwise average person.
speaker_heading: PANEL MEMBER #3
dialog: But do you really feel that Ed is
dialog: an average person? I mean this
dialog: guy seems to have a... magnetism,
dialog: a charisma that, I think,
dialog: transcends the entire concept.
speaker_heading: PANEL MEMBER #4
dialog: I agree. He's special.
text: They all nod.
scene_heading: 120 INT. EWS APARTMENT - DAY
speaker_heading: " DAY 34 "
text: Ed is opening letters and packages. There are piles of them
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This is from a girl named
dialog: Tawny... this goes in the nude
dialog: picture pile. Thank you, Tawny.
text: He places it in a large pile. He opens another envelope.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's see.
text: Ed stares and his smile disappears.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE MAIL
text: A picture of Ed's face with his body drawn underneath it. The
text: body is spurting blood and is mutilated. Ed stares at it.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well. This is creative. This
text: goes in the psychopath pile.
text: The DOORBELL RINGS.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, I hope that's not this guy.
dialog: (indicates psycho
dialog: letter)
text: He PICKS UP a baseball bat and crosses to the door.
text: He opens the door. A handsome man in his early sixties is
text: there. His name is HANK.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi.
text: Ed waits.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: You don't recognize me.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No. Am I supposed to?
text: Hank shrugs. Ed stares at him, then begins to look a little
dialog: shaken.
scene_heading: 121 INT. EWS MOTHER'S HOUSE
text: Jeanette is putting a jar in the refrigerator. She glances at
text: the television. She drops the jar. It SHATTERS...
scene_heading: 122 INT. MARCIA'S APARTMENT
text: Marcia is with her half-Asian son ANDY. She's serving his
text: dinner. OFF-CAMERA we HEAR Cliff SINGING and the DOG HOWLING
text: in distress. Glancing at the television, Marcia gasps.
scene_heading: 123 INT. RAY'S APARTMENT
text: Ray is TYPING on a word processor.
text: He stares curiously at the television.
scene_heading: 124 INT. ED'S APARTMENT
text: Ed is staring at Hank doubtfully.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: It's me, Hank -- your father.
text: RAPID CUTS of VIEWERS, excited. Many of them reach for the
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: 125 INT. REAL TV OFFICE
text: The Real TV staff react. Cynthia looks over-- stunned.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (to Cynthia)
dialog: Did you do this? Did you find
dialog: him and get him to--
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: No way... Oh, this just keeps
dialog: getting better.
scene_heading: 126 INT. AL AND JEANETTE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Written on the screen -- "Day 35"
text: Ed and his mother are arguing. Al is sucking oxygen and has a
text: pile of "People" magazines with Ed on the cover. A REPAIRMAN
text: is fixing the refrigerator. All their food is out and melting.
text: Jeanette is trying to preserve food in an ice chest while she
dialog: argues with Ed.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: I can't believe you're taking his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm not! I'm just trying to get
dialog: some facts.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: Sign this one to Nancy. She's
text: the nurse who handles my urine.
text: Ed signs.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: I told you the facts! He
dialog: abandoned us -- those are the
dialog: facts.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So everything he told me
dialog: yesterday was a lie. Everything.
text: Al takes a loud breath.
speaker_heading: JEANTETTE
dialog: Yes! ... practically
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What do you mean practically?
dialog: Did he really run away or did you
dialog: throw him out like he says.
speaker_heading: REPAIRMAN
dialog: I need to replace the coil.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: He ran away after I threw him
dialog: out.
dialog: (to repairman)
dialog: How much is a new coil?
speaker_heading: REPAIRMAN
text: A hundred and fifty bucks.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So he was telling the truth
dialog: you threw him out.
speaker_heading: REPAIRMAN
dialog: Should I go ahead?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yes to me or yes to the coil?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Both.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Holy sh--
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: This one to Dr. Bamajian. Maybe
dialog: he won't make me wait an hour.
text: Ed signs.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: He had girlfriends!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: He says --
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: I don't care what he says. Look,
dialog: I don't need to relive this. On
dialog: television!
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Whatever happened to Norman
dialog: Rockwell?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Norman Rockwell. He painted
dialog: magazine covers. Folksy. A
text: mailman, a boy scout, a kid
dialog: visiting a doctor...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah, so... ?
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: They celebrated the common
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, I don't think you can get
dialog: more common than me, Al.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: No. Only celebrities now. Now,
dialog: if you put a mailman on the cover
dialog: of a magazine he'd better have
dialog: killed someone or no one will buy
dialog: it. This one to Dr. Rumpley.
text: Jeanette storms back in.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: All right -- do you want to know
dialog: the truth? I took you and Marcia
dialog: and Ray to my sister's on the
dialog: train for the weekend and you all
dialog: got chicken pox. So I took you
dialog: home a day early and there was
dialog: your father with a woman in our
dialog: bed. Okay?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Chicken pox? I was six. He
dialog: didn't leave 'til I was twelve.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: He... apologized, he begged me.
dialog: He can be very... charming when
dialog: it suits his purpose.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: But what was that whole story
dialog: about him and a nurse?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: She could've been a nurse.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Could've been a nurse?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
text: She had white shoes.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So does Grandma. So does
dialog: Shaquille O'Neal. You told me
dialog: you had a hysterectomy and he ran
dialog: off with your nurse.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: What's the difference?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: The difference is for twenty
dialog: years I thought one thing and now
dialog: it's another thing.
text: Ed nods.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: He was no good. Do you remember
dialog: how he used to scream at me? You
dialog: used to cover your ears with
dialog: dinner rolls.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Also, no job was ever good enough
dialog: for him. "Small potatoes, small
dialog: potatoes." Al, you remember --
text: Al breathes loudly.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Wait a minute. I thought you
dialog: didn't know Al, 'til after Dad
dialog: left.
text: Pause. Even the repairman pokes his head out of the
dialog: refrigerator.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT' D)
dialog: Oh my God. You and Al were -
dialog: and that's why you threw him out.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: He had a woman in my own bed!
dialog: And how dare you call him "Dad"
text: in front of Al.
dialog: (shakes Al by the
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: This is your father. This is who
dialog: was there for you when you needed
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Jeanette, you're hurting me.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (on the defensive)
dialog: I'm not -- I didn't -- Al, you
dialog: know how I feel about you...
text: Al breathes loudly.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: If I don't call you "Dad" it'
dialog: just because...
dialog: 1 was already a big boy when you
dialog: came into our lives --
dialog: (pointedly to his
dialog: mother)
dialog: or when I thought you came into
dialog: our lives --
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: And what did he come back now
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Hank! All of a sudden. Because
dialog: now you're famous and he can get
dialog: something from you. I don't wan
dialog: you to become a victim like
dialog: Marcia.
dialog: (to the TV)
dialog: Not that you're a victim, honey.
dialog: You're not. Life's just been a
dialog: little hard on you, sweetie.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to Al)
dialog: What do you think. I mean
dialog: about... him. Should I just...
dialog: have nothing to do with him? I
dialog: mean...
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: Have I ever said a bad word to
dialog: you about your father?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Well, now I will. He was a crazy
dialog: mean, son-of-a-bitch.
text: Al starts to wheel himself out. Ed looks weary.
speaker_heading: AL (CONT'D)
dialog: But he was your father.
scene_heading: 127 INT. ED'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: He's asleep.
scene_heading: 128 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
text: They're monitoring him. They see Ed WAKE UP. They stir.
text: Sleepy, and scratching his ass, he goes into the bathroom.
scene_heading: 129 INT. BATHROOM
text: Ed shuts the door. He takes his PORTABLE PHONE OUT of a
text: bathroom drawer. (He stashed it there.) He makes a call and
dialog: waits.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Hi... it's me, Ed. It's been two
dialog: days, I want to see you... No, I
dialog: won't let them follow me, I'11
dialog: sneak out... No it's not allowed,
dialog: but I'm going for it... I'm on my
dialog: way.
text: He takes CLOTHING OUT of the bathroom hamper.
text: until he finds something acceptable.
scene_heading: 130 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
text: They're monitoring the empty bed.
scene_heading: 131 INT. BATHROOM
text: Ed is dressed. He CLIMBS OUT his bathroom window.
scene_heading: 132 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT - LATER
text: Shari opens her front door.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi.
text: She looks down the hallway.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: They're not here.
text: He goes in, grabs her and kisses her passionately.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: I tried to tell you over the
dialog: phone -- my parents went to
dialog: Atlantic City.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: So my little brother's staying
dialog: here. I'm sleeping with Rita.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh Je -- couldn't he sleep with
dialog: Rita? We'11 all have a good
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Come on, let's go.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Somewhere.
scene_heading: 133 INT. ED'S CAR - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: They get in. They look at each other.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Do you want to go to a motel?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: I feel like a criminal or, like
dialog: we're cheating on someone.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (nicely)
dialog: Just... just relax. Okay? We
dialog: won't do anything. We'11 just
dialog: sit here for a while.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Come on...
text: Gently he puts his arm around her. At first, she hesitates,
text: but then curls up against him and relaxes.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to talk.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: She lied to me. I mean all my
dialog: life, she's telling me one story
dialog: and then... it turns out to be a
dialog: completely different story. Come
dialog: to me at some point -- tell me
dialog: the truth. No. Not in my house.
dialog: The truth is a stranger. And
dialog: this is why Ray and Marcia are
dialog: the way they are. Marcia gets
dialog: involved with all these losers
dialog: and sees no problem with herself -
dialog: "How do they find me" she says.
dialog: Ray cheats on you and then blames
dialog: me for it. I'm the only one in
dialog: the family who takes any
dialog: responsibility for himself... Oh,
dialog: man... Are you all right?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: Yeah... I saw that girl come on
dialog: to you at the TV show.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh that was... no, I ... she just
dialog: kind of trapped me into giving
dialog: her a ride. It's you. I want
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: ...yeah?
text: He TOUCHES her. They KISS. Then again. Their hands are
text: roaming. They're hot. They're breathing hard. He's
text: unbuttoning her blouse. Their hands are all over each other.
text: Her blouse comes off. LIGHTS GO ON. They see cameras,
text: shooting at them. Shari SCREAMS and covers her breasts.
scene_heading: 134 INT. TV - DAY
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Good morning. Welcome to another
dialog: day of Ed TV. Last night, while
dialog: most of us were asleep ... this
dialog: happened.
scene_heading: 135 INT. FRAT HOUSE - MORNING
text: FOUR GUYS in a disgustingly messy room, watching the replay of
dialog: Ed and Shari.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUYS
dialog: Yes!!
text: They GYRATE LEWDLY.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Shari is working. Ed is following her around. Shari is ANGRY.
text: The cameras are there.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Get them away from me.
text: She takes PACKAGES OUT OF the TRUCK and THROWS them at the
text: cameramen.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It's not their fault.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: No. It's your fault.
text: She throws a package at him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What do you want me to do? You
dialog: want me to quit the show?!
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: No... Could you?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No. If I quit I don't get the
dialog: balloon payment.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Ray borrowed this whole tub of
dialog: money against this balloon
dialog: payment that I don't get if I qu --
dialog: it's too complicated. I -- Besides...
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: What?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You see how people look at me.
dialog: Like when they ask for my
dialog: autograph or say "Hi" to me...
dialog: It's like I'm a basketball player
dialog: or a... you know, like I'm
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Everybody's someone.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, yeah, everybody's someone.
dialog: But I mean someone they want to
dialog: be. I mean let's face it, I'm
text: working in the video store, no
dialog: one's coming in saying "oh, I
dialog: wish I was that guy. 1 wish
text: was rewinding that huge pile of
dialog: tapes." At least for a month
dialog: I'm not just a guy with a name
dialog: tag. I'm famous.
text: A GUY YELLS from across the street.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Shari! Nice nipples.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: And so are you.
dialog: GUYS keep YELLING "Shari!"
text: She tries to go after them. Ed holds her back.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: I don't want to be famous for
text: getting caught with my shirt off.
dialog: If I'm going to be famous --
text: The camera is right in her face. She grabs it.
speaker_heading: SHARI (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the camera person)
dialog: This is going right up your ass.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Come on.
text: He returns the camera.
text: Shari starts for her truck.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Look... maybe we just better put
dialog: us on hold until this is over.
text: She gets in her truck.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Come on! Loosen up.
dialog: (trying to joke)
dialog: See -- this is why seventy-one
dialog: per cent of the people don't like
dialog: you.
text: She SLAMS the TRUCK DOOR.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: It was a joke! A... vicious,
dialog: thoughtless stupid joke.
text: He bangs himself in the head.
text: She drives away.
text: He BOWS.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: And that, for you kids out there,
dialog: is how you screw up a relationship.
scene_heading: 137 INT. ED'S APARTMENT
text: Ed enters. He's worn out. He plops down, and puts on the TV.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: I'm gonna watch anything but me.
text: Ed is flipping stations. Something makes him stop.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Coming in two weeks to the
dialog: Lifestyle Channel -- Joma. His
dialog: Dad's a cop, his brother's a
text: bouncer in a topless bar, his
dialog: sister is a black-belt social
dialog: worker -- and Joma's living with
text: two gals.
text: ANGLE ON THE TV
text: We see JOMA. He has a lot of charisma. He seems a little
text: dangerous, but in an exciting way.
speaker_heading: JOMA
dialog: Hey, Ed! I'm coming to get you,
dialog: man! I'm gonna eat you right up!
dialog: (makes gobbling-up
dialog: noises)
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON ED
text: Watching. He's stunned.
scene_heading: 138	INT. NETWORK CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: They're watching a tape of Ed TV. Ed has just entered his own
text: apartment. A WOMAN is there, sitting on his sofa. She's
text: caressing Ed's undershorts against her cheek. Ed is highly
dialog: agitated.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: How did you get into my
dialog: apartment?!
text: The BODYGUARD is pulling her out.
text: REVEAL that Scharlach, McIlvaine, Seaver, Cynthia and Greg are
text: all watching.
speaker_heading: McILVAINE
dialog: What is she holding?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (calmly)
text: A pair of Ed's underwear.
speaker_heading: McILVAINE
dialog: Oh my God!
text: ON the TAPE, the woman while being forcibly evicted, offers
text: the underwear to Ed. Ed recoils.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No -- keep it.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I love you! 1 want to marry you!
text: She's hauled out. They stop the tape.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: See -- that's television! This
dialog: other thing, this Jama, that has
text: "stink" written all over it.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: The break-up with Shari was very
dialog: big. Big ratings.
speaker_heading: SEAVER
dialog: Only, Cynthia, seriously. Tell
dialog: Ed not to sneak out anymore.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: Cynthia ...
dialog: He wants it accomplished.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. STREET - DAY
speaker_heading: SEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: It's in violation of his contract
dialog: and if we wanted to be hard-nosed
dialog: about it, he could forfeit all
dialog: pay, including money he's already
dialog: received.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: (dutifully, but a tad
dialog: resentfully)
dialog: I will see that he's properly
dialog: threatened.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: Now what? What's on the young
dialog: man's agenda? We don't want to
text: see him sitting around like a
text: lovesick puppy.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Young males do not want to see Ed
dialog: get back with Shari.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Enough with her. That sailed.
speaker_heading: McILVAINE
dialog: Could Ed live with two girls?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: You know who the audience is
dialog: requesting a lot? That girl,
dialog: Jill, that Ed met at the
dialog: Letterman show. She really
dialog: scored.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: Cynthia...
dialog: He wants it accomplished.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Ed is walking from his car to a building. CROWDS are behind
text: barricades. They YELL at Ed as he passes. Ed is used to this.
scene_heading: 140 INT. SHARI'S BUILDING - DAY
text: Rita OPENS the door and sees Ed.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Oh. Ed.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi. Is Shari here?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What is she, at work?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: She left.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, when will she be back?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: She won't.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: She left. She moved. She got
dialog: Fed-Ex to give her a transfer and
dialog: she left. She couldn't stand it
dialog: anymore. We had people, news
dialog: people, regular people, just
dialog: sleeping in our hallway, going
dialog: through our mail, our garbage.
dialog: I mean it was she couldn't
dialog: take it anymore. Now I've got to
dialog: move. I can't afford this place
dialog: by myself.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm sorry. Where'd they send
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: She wouldn't tell me.
scene_heading: 141 INT. ED'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: He's off the air. He's a little down. He's ON the PHONE-
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 142 INT. CYNTHIA'S BEDROOM
text: She's working out an a contraption.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Remember when you were
dialog: interviewing me?
dialog: (details to follow)
scene_heading: 143 EXT. PARK - DAY
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You asked me if I had a dream.
dialog: I said "Sure, I have a dream. I
dialog: just don't know what it is yet."
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Great line.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What if Shari's the dream?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Ed, do you want my advice?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah, that's why I called. I
dialog: mean, maybe Fed-Ex would tell me
dialog: where she moved --
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Leave her be.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You said a woman likes to be
dialog: pursued.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Pursued, not harassed. Give it
dialog: some space. Can I tell you
dialog: something -- as a friend? My
dialog: sister was going with a guy
dialog: they hit a little rough spot
dialog: they started seeing other people
dialog: they got back together and last
dialog: month they had their third child
dialog: For what it's worth.
text: OPEN ON ANDY, Ed's half-Asian nephew. He's eight. He's
text: wearing a baseball glove.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Throw me a high one, Uncle Eddie.
speaker_heading: ED (O.C.)
dialog: Okay.
text: REVEAL ED, also wearing a baseball glove. He throws a high pop
text: up to Andy. Andy staggers around and almost catches it.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh!!
speaker_heading: JILL (0.C.)
dialog: We have to stop meeting like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hm?
text: REVEAL JILL, walking a DOG. it takes just a second to
dialog: recognize her.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, hi.
text: Ed is hit with the ball.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Sorry.
text: REVEAL the Real TV Staff watching this on television in their
text: office. As Ed and Jill chat in the background.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (to Cynthia)
dialog: Did you arrange this?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: (points to the TV)
dialog: Whose dog is that?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: That's your dog.
text: Cynthia doesn't even smile.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: INTERSPERSED IN THE MONTAGE ARE SHOTS OF PEOPLE
text: WATCHING THEM ON TV
text: 1. Ed and Jill going into a chic club -- ushered in
text: immediately. Here, as in the other times we see her, Jill is
text: comfortable with the situation. She's the opposite of Shari.
text: She poses willingly. She chats easily with paparazzi. She
text: clings to Ed. There's nothing overt or obnoxious about her.
dialog: She's just comfortable and good at it and always looks great.
text: 2. INTERVIEW with the guys who didn't like Shari.
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: Way to go, Ed!
speaker_heading: GUY # 2
dialog: Now, we're talking!
text: 3. A N.Y. Post story:
dialog: "Readers Pick Jill over Shari."
text: Pictures of both women. Jill looks great. Shari is in her
text: uniform and looks like a mouse.
speaker_heading: 4. SHARI
text: In a new apartment. Watching Ed and Jill on TV. She's very
text: unhappy. She turns it off.
text: 5. Ed and Jill at the nice restaurant he was at with Shari
text: earlier. It looks like he's starting to like her.
text: 6. Ed is refereeing a pro-wrestling match. He counts out the
text: villain who, then, jumps up and chases him out of the ring.
scene_heading: 144 INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: "DAY 47"
text: Ed and Jill are in a HEAVY LIPLOCK. Carlos is right there with
text: the camera. Unlike Shari, Jill seems unself-conscious. She's
text: getting Ed pretty turned-on.
text: SHOTS of VIEWERS, also turned on, especially the men.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You want to?
text: It's clear what she means. Ed is conflicted. He's clearly
dialog: aroused.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Um... It's kind of ...
text: He looks for his watch on the wrong wrist, then seems to check
text: all around his body until he discovers it.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Are you busy tomorrow night?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Why don't you come over. And
dialog: I'11 make dinner. And you bring
dialog: a movie. And ... We'11 make a
dialog: night of it ... okay?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: 145 EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Written on the screen -- "Day 48"
text: Ed is walking, the camera following. He looks tense. People
dialog: SHOUT "Hey, Ed" "Ed-die" etc.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON A NEWSPAPER VENDING MACHINE
text: The New York Post front page -- "Is tonight the Night?" with a
text: picture of Ed and Jill kissing.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON ED
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh man...
speaker_heading: CON ED GUY
dialog: Hey, Eddie.
text: Ed looks up.
speaker_heading: CON ED GUY (CONT'D)
dialog: (giving the "thumbs
dialog: up")
dialog: Go for it!
text: Ed continues down the street. People YELL to him "Good luck
dialog: tonight," "We're rooting for you" etc.
text: A STREET CHARACTER walks alongside for a minute.
speaker_heading: STREET CHARACTER
dialog: Hey, man. This is Haitian Love Juice.
dialog: (he produces a vial)
dialog: You give her this, she be yours.
text: Security grabs him and the vial falls and breaks. The liquid
text: hits the pavement and smokes up.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (looking at the smoke)
dialog: Jesus!
text: More shouts "Be gentle", "We'11 be watching", "Use a condom" etc.
text: A SCHOOL BUS passes. The KIDS YELL out the window to Ed.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: Good luck!
scene_heading: 146 EXT. MOVIE THEATRE - NIGHT
text: There is no line. At TICKET TAKER sits, bored. No one is
text: going in or coming out.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. STREET
text: It's deserted.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. RESTAURANT
text: It's empty. The HEADWAITER stands in the doorway with nothing
dialog: to do.
scene_heading: 149 INT. LIVING ROOM
text: A PARTY is in progress. The TV is on. On TV Ed is in a liquor
text: store, buying a bottle of wine. Ed is dressed for his date.
text: The people at the party are watching TV and commenting. It's
text: like a Super bowl party.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.C.)
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: PARTYGOER
dialog: He's buying wine!
scene_heading: 150 INT. BEDROOM
text: Several high-school age BOYS. They have made themselves look
dialog: like Ed. They're very excited.
scene_heading: TEEN-AGE BOY #1
dialog: You think he's gonna do it?
scene_heading: TEEN-AGE BOY #2
dialog: Hell yeah. The guy hasn't had
dialog: any sex in six weeks.
scene_heading: TEEN-AGE BOY #3
dialog: Neither have we.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. STREET
text: Ed's car turns the corner and he sees a CROWD gathered around Jill's
dialog: building.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. BUILDING
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (understating)
dialog: I'm starting to feel a little
dialog: pressure.
text: Ed carrying his wine enters to APPLAUSE and CHEERS.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET
text: A LONG SHOT encompasses all the houses on the block. Their
text: living room TV's are visible. All but one are tuned to Ed.
scene_heading: 154 INT. JILL'S KITCHEN
text: Something is cooking. Jill picks up a plate of something -
text: dip and cut vegetables for instance. She starts to exit the
text: kitchen as Ed and Carlos enter. Ed and Jill have a soft
dialog: collision.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Can I help with anything?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No. It's going to be about a
dialog: half-hour.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What is? Oh, dinner!
text: SELF-CONSCIOUSLY. He takes a vegetable, dips it and eats it.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Good?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Mm.
text: They look at each other. Jill leans forward and kisses him.
text: She puts the tray of vegetables on the counter. They continue
dialog: to kiss.
scene_heading: 155 INT. BEDROOM
text: The high school boys are CHANTING.
scene_heading: 156 INT. DORM ROOM
speaker_heading: BOYS
dialog: Ed -- Ed -- Ed -- Ed...
text: COLLEGE GIRLS (same ones as before).
speaker_heading: COLLEGE GIRL #1
dialog: Oh, I hope she makes love to him!
speaker_heading: COLLEGE GIRL #2
dialog: I thought you didn't like her.
speaker_heading: COLLEGE GIRL #1
dialog: I don't, but I want him to be
dialog: happy-
text: RAPID SHOTS of other VIEWERS, watching, transfixed --
scene_heading: 157 INT. JILL'S APARTMENT
text: Ed and Jill are making out. They begin taking each other's
text: clothes off. They're passing the point of no return. It's
text: going to happen right there in the kitchen.
text: Ed and Jill, in heavy heat, back up to the kitchen table and
text: climb on to it. They continue to pull at their own and each,
text: other's clothing. They're making passionate noises.
scene_heading: 158 INT. SHARI'S APARTMENT
text: Shari is not watching television. She's eating a little meal
text: she's made for herself. She HEARS PEOPLE in her building
text: cheering and whooping. She looks miserable.
scene_heading: 159 INT. CONTROL TRUCK
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (slightly panicky)
dialog: Someone say the word, how far can
dialog: we go here?
scene_heading: 160 INT. REAL TV OFFICE
text: Cynthia and her staff are watching. Cynthia is ON THE PHONE-
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (into phone)
dialog: Stay with them ... don't leave
dialog: yet... not yet ...
text: Jill is on top of Ed. Carried away with passion, Ed attempts
text: to roll her over and get on top. He does, but rolls too far.
text: He crashes off the table, to the floor, face up.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: Ohhh...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Ed?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Ohh... do you own a cat?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Yeah. Why?
text: He looks at her apologetically.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. JILL'S BUILDING
text: Ed is being loaded into an AMBULANCE. He looks humiliated.
text: PEOPLE in the street are applauding politely as if Ed were an
text: injured ballplayer being carried off the field. Jill is by the
text: ambulance. She's PETTING a CAT who looks all right.
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS are taking her picture. She's posing willingly.
text: The ambulance drives off as Jill continues to pose.
scene_heading: 162 INT. TV STUDIO
text: Written on the screen -- "Day 49"
text: The taping of "The Tonight Show" or "the Late Show" -- once
dialog: again, whichever we have a prayer of getting. The MONOLOGUE is
dialog: in progress.
speaker_heading: JAY (OR DAVE)
dialog: (mock annoyed)
dialog: So I guess you were all watching
dialog: Ed last night.
text: The AUDIENCE goes wild.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: This got the highest rating of
dialog: the year, since the Super Bowl.
dialog: I guess that makes sense. After
dialog: all, Ed is now the Buffalo Bills
dialog: of sex.
speaker_heading: BIG LAUGHS
scene_heading: 163 INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Scharlach EATING. He's stunned.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: REVEAL CYNTHIA
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Take him off the air.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: What are you talking about? He's
dialog: fine. He's out of the hospital
dialog: already. The ratings are higher
dialog: than ever.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I'm telling you, it's peaked. Ed
text: TV is an over-inflated balloon.
dialog: Get it off before it explodes all
dialog: over us.
dialog: He thinks.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: With all due respect, Cynthia
dialog: you're nuts. I'm giving him
dialog: another month!
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Good luck.
scene_heading: 164 EXT. STREET - DAY
speaker_heading: "DAY 54"
text: Ed is walking. He's wearing a white, Velcro support around his
text: waist. He's agitated. He's carrying a copy of the New York
dialog: Post.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Look at this!
text: WE SEE a headline -- "Ed: She Broke My heart."
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: She did not!
dialog: (venting)
dialog: You know what she did?
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: She went out to California and
dialog: got one of those scandal agents.
dialog: One of those agents who handle,
dialog: like... Gennifer Flowers and...
text: Kato Kaelin and Joey Buttafuco.
dialog: That's what she --
text: A GUY YELLS AT ED
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Hey Ed! ... She was a little too
dialog: much for you, huh? Must run in
dialog: the family.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Oh -- like this guy's ever been
text: with a woman.
dialog: (yells)
dialog: How about I kick your ass 'til
dialog: the crack goes the other way?
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: All of a sudden, I'm like fair
dialog: game for everyone. I'm like --
text: He stops and looks like he's in shock. He stares in through
text: the display window of a bookstore.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON,
text: a big DISPLAY of cheap, rushed-out, exploitation books. On the
dialog: cover we read "My Brother Pissed On Me By Raymond L. Pekurny.11
text: And there's an old photo of two little boys. (Ed and Ray)
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh my -- He wrote a book?! Ray
dialog: wrote a book?! He never read a
dialog: book!
scene_heading: 165 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
speaker_heading: "DAY 58"
text: It's the hallway of a cheap hotel. Ed and the camera come off
text: the elevator. Ed looks at room numbers. He can HEAR the noise
text: from all the rooms. A radio -- a domestic disturbance -- a
text: baby crying -- it's a horror. He KNOCKS ON a door.
speaker_heading: HANK (O.C.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It's Ed.
text: The door opens REVEALING Ed's father.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Ed! Come in -
text: They enter.
scene_heading: 166 INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: It's depressing. There's a liquor bottle on the dresser. Ed
text: sees it.
speaker_heading: HANK (CONT'D)
dialog: How've you been?
speaker_heading: Ed SHRUGS.
speaker_heading: HANK (CONT'D)
dialog: They don't get cable here, so 1
dialog: can't watch you.
text: Ed just GRUNTS.
text: Hank takes LAUNDRY off a chair.
speaker_heading: HANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Sit down.
text: He does. He looks around.
speaker_heading: HANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Quite a shithole, isn't it?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It could be, if you fixed it up.
dialog: How did you... ? I mean how does
dialog: anyone ... wind up like this?
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: I was in jail.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: The whole time? Eighteen years?
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: No. Two times.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What...
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Check forging.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, man! So...
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: The last two years, I've been a
text: limousine driver, but I don't see
dialog: well anymore, so...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So you saw me on TV and you said
dialog: "Hey, let me jump on this."
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: I need help. How many times if
dialog: just one little thing that I
dialog: needed would've happened, it
dialog: would've changed everything. If
dialog: I had a few dollars when an
dialog: opportunity came along or... the
dialog: tumblers just never clicked for
dialog: me.
text: Ed doesn't know what to say. He's bitter towards Hank, but
dialog: there's also some empathy.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: All right... This is my father,
dialog: I don't know what the hell he can
dialog: do, but if anyone out there can
dialog: help him -- get him a job -
dialog: I'11 ... help you. I'11 ...
dialog: mention your business or ... I
dialog: don't know, we'11 figure it out.
dialog: (quickly, to Hank)
dialog: I gotta go.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Ed... I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (still bitter)
dialog: Yeah? That's good. Sorry is
dialog: good. You know I finished that
dialog: model.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: What...
speaker_heading: ED
text: The pirate ship.
text: Hank looks blankly at him.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: -- That we were doing "together."
dialog: I finished it. It came out great!
dialog: Because no one was standing over
dialog: my shoulder bothering me -
dialog: "That's too much glue. You're
dialog: using too much glue."
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Do you still have it?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No. Ray sat on it. I'11 see you.
text: He exits. Out in the hallway, he leans back against the door,
text: drained. The camera is right on him, soaking it up.
scene_heading: 167 INT. TV STUDIO
text: The same PBS-type panel of smart-looking people we met earlier.
text: WE OPEN ON about half the panel.
speaker_heading: MODERATOR
dialog: Let's hear from our guest
dialog: panelist. You've expressed some
dialog: interesting thoughts on this,
dialog: subject. What do you see as the
dialog: meaning, if there is any, of Ed
dialog: TV, John.
text: REVEAL JOHN, sitting comfortably on the panel, looking very
dialog: wise.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I feel that Ed is the apotheosis
dialog: of a prevailing American
dialog: syndrome. It used to be that
dialog: someone became famous because
dialog: they were special. Now people
dialog: are considered special just for
dialog: being famous. Fame, itself, is
dialog: now a moral good in this country.
dialog: It's its own virtue.
text: The others NOD appreciatively as John puts a PIPE in his mouth.
speaker_heading: TV INTERVIEWS
speaker_heading: OLD GUY
dialog: I was Ed's Little League coach.
text: He had no coordination. The big
dialog: game, he struck cut with the
text: bases loaded. Then he cried like
text: a woman. It was sickening.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: I was his third grade teacher.
dialog: I said "Take him for tests.
dialog: There's something wrong with
dialog: him." They didn't listen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER GUY
dialog: He used to steal things from my
dialog: store. At least I think it was
dialog: him. Yeah, it was probably him.
scene_heading: 168 EXT. ED'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: A MAN, on the sidewalk, has a STUFFED CAT stuck to his back to
dialog: tease Ed.
speaker_heading: CAT MAN
dialog: Hey, look, I just fell off a
dialog: table!
text: Suddenly, a TUBFUL OF WATER crashes down on him.
scene_heading: 169 INT. ED'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ed at the window, with a now empty plastic tub.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (yelling down)
dialog: Okay, is that funny?
text: Then he throws the tub out the window.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: How was that? Was that funny?!
scene_heading: 170 INT. NETWORK OFFICE
speaker_heading: "DAY 78"
text: Again, everyone there, including Cynthia. A Honcho is reading
dialog: a report.
speaker_heading: HONCHO #1
dialog: Of more concern than the sag in
dialog: Ed's ratings is what viewers are
dialog: feeling about him now. The
dialog: positives are down and the
text: negatives are up.
dialog: There's a feeling that Ed isn't
dialog: cool anymore. We're starting to
dialog: see a big L.F.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Hm?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HONCHO #1
dialog: L.F. Loser Factor.
speaker_heading: HONCHO #2
dialog: That's deadly.
speaker_heading: McILVAINE
dialog: Not necessarily. I mean instead
dialog: of running from the L.F., run
dialog: with it. Create more moments
dialog: like the table thing. We can
dialog: package a video "Ed's Goofiest
dialog: Moments." Let him be America's
dialog: Goofball.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Isn't this getting kind of
dialog: pathetic. I mean we drank the
dialog: juice, now we're just licking
dialog: peel. Let it go!
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: Cynthia, I think you're laboring
dialog: under a misconception. You seem
dialog: to believe that because you
dialog: happened to predict this, we
dialog: should be impressed. We're not.
dialog: Anybody in any business can
dialog: predict failure. 1 need people
dialog: who prevent failure. I want to
dialog: see this thing turned back in the
dialog: right direction. Remember this
dialog: was your baby.
scene_heading: 171 INT. BAR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: "DAY 94"
text: Tad and Barry -- as we met them, originally -- are watching TV.
text: They're really enjoying it -- laughing, pounding the table.
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: I don't know, I still love this guy.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Yeah only I wish they had the
dialog: sister on more.
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: Ooh, the sister! She is hot.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: You know it.
text: REVEAL that they are watching Joma. On the TV -- Joma is
text: eating dinner in his apartment with TWO attractive WOMEN, who,
text: apparently, both live there. Joma is upset (but he's funny
text: when he's upset). What's upsetting him is that across the
text: alley, in a window of another building, he can plainly see an
text: OVERWEIGHT MAN, with his shirt off, exercising. The overweight
text: man is apparently watching an exercise video and is bouncing up
text: and down in place causing everything to jiggle unpleasantly.
speaker_heading: JOMA'S FRIEND
dialog: Ignore him.
speaker_heading: JOMA
dialog: I can't! It's like a mudslide.
dialog: (screams out the
dialog: window)
dialog: Put on a shirt!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TAD AND BARRY, HYSTERICAL
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON TV
speaker_heading: JOMA (CONT'D)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I support the fact that your
dialog: exercising but, for the love of
dialog: God, put on a shirt.
speaker_heading: JOMA'S FRIEND
dialog: (to Joma)
dialog: Shut the curtains.
speaker_heading: JOMA
dialog: No! Let him shut the curtains.
speaker_heading: TAD AND BARRY
text: Laughing and wiping their eyes.
scene_heading: 172 INT. ED'S BEDROOM
text: Off the air. Ed ON the PHONE.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH CYNTHIA
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This Joma is so phoney! I mean,
dialog: those things aren't really
dialog: happening. I think they have
dialog: writers making that stuff up for
dialog: him. Hey, couldn't we do that?
dialog: Hire some writers and have them
dialog: write up some crazy situations I
dialog: could get into?
text: She's listening, amazed.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
text: Ed, everything goes off.
text: "Cheers" went off. "Mash" went off --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: Yeah, but when they went off
dialog: people weren't making fun of
dialog: them. They weren't bozos! I'm
dialog: Pumpkin Ass again!
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: (getting annoyed)
dialog: Ed --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You know, everything you asked me
dialog: to do I did. I call you for
dialog: advice about Shari you say -
dialog: (mocking imitation)
dialog: "Leave her be, see other people
dialog: for a while." You just wanted me
dialog: to get involved with Jill because
dialog: it made for a better show.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Ed --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No. You screwed up my life just
dialog: so you could get higher ratings.
dialog: You never gave a shit about me.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Yeah? Well I'm not starting now.
text: She HANGS UP and has an acid reflux.
scene_heading: 173 INT. POOL HALL - NIGHT
text: Ed and John are playing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, you put anybody on TV
dialog: sixteen hours a day, at some
dialog: point they're going to wind up
text: rolling off a table on to a cat.
dialog: I mean with no privacy, there's
dialog: no... dignity.
dialog: Ed thinks.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You know about that fireman who
dialog: rescued that little girl?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: When? Today?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No! Like, ten years ago. In
dialog: Texas. Baby...
dialog: (tries to remember)
dialog: Jessica!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh right, right! She fell down,
dialog: like a...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah, a thing. He became a big
dialog: hero. He was on TV and there was
text: a parade and a movie about him
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Right, right...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: And then, uh... you know it blew
dialog: over and he went back to being a
text: fireman again.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So he killed himself.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (a little shaken)
dialog: Oh.
text: SILENCE. The cell phone RINGS.
text: Ed PICKS UP the phone.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hello.
text: INTERCUT WITH JEANETTE IN A HOSPITAL
text: She's crying.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Eddie...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: I'm at the hospital.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What's the matter?!
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: He's dead! Eddie, he's dead! It
dialog: was his heart.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh God. What hospital?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: St. Joseph's.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm coming right over. I'll be right there.
text: He hangs up.
scene_heading: 174 INT. TAD'S HOUSE
text: Tad is watching TV and talking an the phone.
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: I told you! I told you he was
dialog: gonna die!
scene_heading: 175 INT. HOSPITAL - AN HOUR LATER
text: Ed rushes in. He goes up to the desk. Carlos is with him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi. I'm looking for my mother.
dialog: Her name is --
text: A DOCTOR spots him.
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: Mr. Pekurny.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: I'm Dr. Geller. Your mother is
text: just lying down for a few
dialog: minutes. we gave her something
dialog: to calm her down.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Thank you. Can I see her?
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: Just wait here. She's coming
dialog: right back out.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Mm...
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Oh, man...
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: (sympathetically)
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What about him -- did he suffer
dialog: any or was it quick? I'd hate to
dialog: think he...
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: Very quick. Between you and me,
dialog: it's not a bad way to go. Making
dialog: love to your wife... it's very
dialog: sweet.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Really? They were..
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: According to your mother. When
text: the paramedics got to the hotel,
dialog: she told them that --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hotel? What were they doing in
dialog: a hotel?
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: I ... don't know. I ...
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.C.)
dialog: Eddie. Thank God you're here.
text: Eddie looks across the room and sees Al in his wheelchair, just
text: entering from outside. He wheels towards Ed.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: How's your mother?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Al!
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Our neighbors gave me a ride.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Al!!
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Where is she? Is she all right?
text: Ed turns to the doctor.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I thought -- I thought he was dead.
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Al!
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: No.
dialog: (reads his chart)
dialog: The deceased is ... Henry Pekurny.
scene_heading: 176 INT. TAD'S HOUSE
speaker_heading: TAD
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Good twist!
scene_heading: 177 INT. HOSPITAL
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: You thought it was me?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: It's your father. Hank. Your
dialog: mother went to see him and he had
text: a heart attack.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Went --
text: Again, Ed turns to the doctor.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Dr. Geller, Dr. Stack wants to see you.
speaker_heading: DR. GELLER
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: Could I get your autograph for my niece?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Um... yeah...
text: Jeanette enters.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Al! How did you --
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: The Burkharts drove me. Are you
dialog: all right?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: I'm fine. I ...
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Good. I gotta pee.
text: He wheels off. Jeanette and Ed are left alone.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: It was horrible. He called me up.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Hank! He said he wanted to talk
dialog: to me to apologize for everything
dialog: he begged -- he cried.
dialog: So I went to this horrible hotel
dialog: he was staying in... I felt so
dialog: sorry for him --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So you had sex with him?
text: Jeanette GASPS.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: The doctor said you were having sex.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: To you? In front of him?
dialog: (indicates Carlos)
dialog: With the...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yes. He assumed Hank was your
dialog: husband. He didn't know.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Oh my god! On TV!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why? How...
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: One thing led to another. He was
dialog: my husband once.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: But Al is your husband now!
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Do you think it's been easy for
dialog: me? It's been years. Al can't
dialog: have sex.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Apparently, neither can Hank.
dialog: What the hell did you do to him?
text: Al comes rolling back, SINGING.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: "Lovely Rita, the Meter Maid...
scene_heading: 178 INT. TV STUDIO
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Don't tell Al. He doesn't know.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (points to the camera)
dialog: Well, he's the only one in
dialog: America who doesn't!
scene_heading: OPRAH or RICKI or GERALDO or someone.
speaker_heading: OPRAH
dialog: Women who remarry but have sex
dialog: with their first husbands. on
dialog: today's Oprah.
scene_heading: 179 INT. TV STUDIO
dialog: Our same panel of pundits.
speaker_heading: PANELIST #3
dialog: Ed's family is the tip of the
dialog: iceberg. You watch the daytime
dialog: tabloid shows it's the same
dialog: thing. I'm telling you, America
text: is fast becoming a trailer park.
speaker_heading: PANELIST #2
dialog: Let's not overstate the case.
dialog: There are millions of hard-
dialog: working, sensible, moral,
dialog: educated people in this country.
dialog: Not every family is like Ed's.
text: REVEAL ED watching this discussion on TV.
scene_heading: 180 INT. TV STUDIO
speaker_heading: DAVE OR JAY
text: A CHART is set up with little pictures.
speaker_heading: DAVE/JAY
dialog: So let's recap. The mother's too
dialog: good at it, both brothers stink
text: at it.
dialog: (there's a drawing of
text: a figure falling of
dialog: a table)
dialog: The stepfather can't do it at
dialog: all and the father did it but it
dialog: killed him.
dialog: (there's a drawing
dialog: of a tombstone)
dialog: How did this family ever reproduce
dialog: in the first place?
scene_heading: 181 EXT. CEMETERY GATES - DAY
text: Ed is driving Jeanette and Al to the funeral. A CROWD is held back by
text: POLICE. Someone yells "Adulterer". Someone else tries to offer Ed a
text: lunchbox. Someone else is carrying a sign "What a Way to Go".
scene_heading: 182 EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Hank's COFFIN is being carried to his gravesite. Ed, Ray and Marcia
text: are pall bearers. One of the others pall bearers is Ed's BODYGUARD.
text: The OTHERS TWO are two guys who work for the mortuary. Carlos is
dialog: shooting.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to Ray)
dialog: You're not going to talk to me?
dialog: You're not even gonna say hello?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I have nothing to say to you.
text: Ed gives up. He turns to Marcia.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: How are you doing? Is Cliff here?
text: She doesn't answer. Ed reacts.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Cliff left her, thanks to you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Me?!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's right. You put Cliff on
dialog: television. So then he decided he
dialog: was too good for her and he left.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I put his -- who --
dialog: (to Marcia)
dialog: Look, Marsh, he's not that good
dialog: a singer, he'll be back.
speaker_heading: MARCIA
dialog: (too loudly)
dialog: That's not funny!!
text: Ed CRINGES.
scene_heading: 183 EXT. GRAVESITE - A LITTLE LATER
text: The service ends. The small group begins to walk away. Ray
text: and Marcia go off together, ignoring Ed. Jeanette is
text: attempting to wheel Al away from the grave, but she's hitting
text: ruts. Ed approaches.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'11 take it.
speaker_heading: JEANTTE
dialog: (to Al, uncomfortably)
dialog: Sweetheart, I'm gonna go ahead
dialog: and sign all the papers.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Right.
text: She touches him but he pulls away. Ed wheels Al.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Are things gonna be okay with you
dialog: and Mom? Is there anything I can --
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I'm moving out.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I'm going to be living with my
dialog: brother. He's not in such good
dialog: shape as I am, but... I'm looking
dialog: forward to the pillow fights.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (really upset)
dialog: Oh, Al ... This is just...
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Hank was always good with the
dialog: ladies. Always good-looking.
dialog: Hell, he's been dead for two
dialog: days, he still looks better than
dialog: me.
text: He stops wheeling and crouches down next to Al.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I want to tell you something...
dialog: I love you. You're my father.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I love you, too.
dialog: Al KISSES him.
speaker_heading: AL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'11 build a pirate ship with
dialog: you.
text: Ed wheels him away.
scene_heading: 184 INT. CYNTHIA'S OFFICE
text: She's watching. She's genuinely moved. She wipes her eyes.
scene_heading: 185 INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: This place is sleazy. Ed enters, worn out. He crosses to the
text: bar where we find, Jeanette nursing a drink. She's not drunk,
text: but she is wallowing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi, Ma.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Ed! How did you know I was here?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You're famous. Somebody called
dialog: me. What are you doing in a
dialog: place like this?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Why shouldn't I be in a place
dialog: like this? I'm a whore!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (cringes)
dialog: Ma...
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: I'm a tramp
text: (pulls on the sleeve of
text: the man next to her)
dialog: Meet your new father. The whole
dialog: nation is laughing at us!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: And how is this helping? come on
dialog: say, good-night to all your new
dialog: friends and let's go home.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: I'm a whore!
dialog: (yells at an employee)
dialog: Your bathrooms are filthy!
dialog: They're out.
scene_heading: 186 EXT. BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Ed is helping Jeanette. Ray arrives. He's ANGRY.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'11 take her. You humiliated
dialog: our mother on national
dialog: television. You've single-
dialog: handedly destroyed this family.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I -- Oh, but that book you wrote
dialog: was a real love-letter. That...
text: toilet paper with covers.
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER #1
dialog: That book sucked. I want my
dialog: money back.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh great. Where's Moe?
text: He looks around. Moe is gone.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on, Ma.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to Ray)
dialog: Let's remember how I got into
dialog: this. "Please, Eddie, do this
dialog: for me. I can't get a break."
dialog: (pretends to cry)
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You know what your problem is?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah. My problem is I've got a
dialog: brother who writes a sentence
dialog: like "We grew up in a small,
dialog: little bedroom." As opposed to
dialog: a big, little bedroom?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I got paid by the word! No!
dialog: Your problem is you don't ever
dialog: want anything to be your fault.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Me?! That's you!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I commit. I take a chance. You
dialog: wanted to be the guy on TV, but
dialog: you didn't want to say you wanted
dialog: to. So you have me talk you into
dialog: it so you get what you want, but
dialog: if it goes bad it's not your
dialog: fault.
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER #2
dialog: Right. Like you say you love
dialog: Shari, but, you wouldn't mind
dialog: noodling that model.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Moe!
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER #3
dialog: The truth hurts.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah? So does a kick in the
dialog: nuts.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: For once in your life, be honest
dialog: with yourself. I know you, Ed.
dialog: I know you look at me and Marcia
dialog: and Mom and you think you're
dialog: different.
dialog: You're like "How did I end up in
dialog: this family?" You're not
dialog: different. you're worse.
dialog: Because you have no guts.
dialog: You drift around, you don't commit,
dialog: you make fun of me -- okay. Just
dialog: don't kid yourself.
dialog: (to Jeanette)
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: You're both good boys.
text: Ray and Jeanette leave.
scene_heading: 187 INT. NETWORK CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Ed is there along with Cynthia and the Network Execs. There
text: are more execs than before. Cynthia's people are not there.
text: This entire meeting is on ED TV. Cynthia is quiet -
text: observing. Ed looks whipped.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Three more months?
speaker_heading: MR. SCHARLACH
dialog: Absolutely! Ed TV is more
dialog: popular than ever.
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: McILVAINE
dialog: Only, Ed, we want you, in the
dialog: next few weeks to spend a lot
dialog: more time with your family.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: SEAVER
dialog: Definitely. Cynthia, explain it to him.
text: Cynthia just stares at her, COLDLY.
speaker_heading: SEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'11 do it.
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: People want to see what happens
dialog: to them now. Do your mother and
dialog: step-father get back together?
dialog: How does your sister handle being
dialog: alone? Your feud with your
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: In fact, we have a new concept.
dialog: Since your family signed
dialog: releases, we can follow them on
dialog: camera even when you're not with
dialog: them. We can cut around from
dialog: family member to family member.
dialog: Whoever's the most exciting at
dialog: that moment.
speaker_heading: McILVAINE
dialog: And, of course, it's another big
dialog: bonus payment for you.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: A couple of years ago my Uncle
text: Roy got bit on the ass by a dog.
text: Silence. What the hell is he talking about?
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: So he gave me his tickets to the U.S.
dialog: Open -- the tennis matches.
text: They still have no idea what he's talking about.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: So me and Ray, we tell our
dialog: friends "Watch when Andre Agassi
dialog: is gonna serve for the first
text: time. When he's bouncing the
dialog: ball and it's real quiet, we'11
dialog: yell "Whoop". And you'11 all
dialog: hear us."
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: I see.
dialog: (he doesn't)
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You know what that is? It's sad.
dialog: I mean it was just so we could be
dialog: heard. So we could stand out
text: from the crowd for a second. So
dialog: we did it. But we had nothing to
dialog: say. Just "Whoop". That's it.
dialog: And the stupid part I mean the
dialog: really stupid part is we
dialog: thought it like... elevated us
dialog: above the crowd. Where the fact
dialog: is it made us stupider than the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Stop saying "I see." You don't
dialog: see. Cynthia, I owe you an
dialog: apology.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah. Because, you didn't talk
dialog: me into anything. Everything you
dialog: wanted me to do, I wanted to do.
scene_heading: 188 INT. SHARI'S PLACE
text: Shari watching Ed TV.
scene_heading: 189 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: Ray, you were right. It's like
dialog: in school. I was always saying
dialog: "the room was too hot, the
dialog: teacher didn't like me" -- but it
dialog: was me! Everything that's wrong
dialog: with my life I did. Okay? So
dialog: now this is it. My family has
dialog: problems. Which are our fault.
dialog: And TV is not the place to solve
dialog: them. So I quit. I'm taking
dialog: what very little dignity I've got
dialog: left and I quit. Can someone
dialog: validate my parking?
scene_heading: Pause. SHOCK.
speaker_heading: MR. SCHARLACH
dialog: Well, Ed, that's ... not really
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: All right, I'11 pay for the
dialog: parking. Big network!
text: Scharlach speaks carefully - gently. He's aware of the camera.
text: He doesn't want to come off as a villain.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: No, I mean you can't quit.
dialog: Ed thinks.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I can't?
speaker_heading: MR. SCHARLACH
dialog: (very gently)
dialog: Well, no. You agreed to stay on
dialog: the air as long as we asked you
dialog: to. The station entered into
dialog: this on that understanding. If
dialog: you had refused we'd have begun
dialog: this with somebody else. You
dialog: can't just change the rules in
text: the middle of the game, son.
dialog: It's not fair to us. More
dialog: importantly, it's not fair to the
dialog: viewers. They're interested in
dialog: you. They've devoted hours and
dialog: days and weeks of their lives to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Look, if you don't let me out of
dialog: this... I'11 just... I'11 just
dialog: sit in my apartment all day. I
dialog: won't go anywhere, I won't do
dialog: anything. What kind of show will
dialog: that be?
speaker_heading: MR. SCHARLACH
dialog: Not too good. That's why it
dialog: states in your contract that if
dialog: you do not continue to live a
dialog: normal life, you're in violation
dialog: and are liable for the station's
dialog: financial losses. Ed, I urge you
dialog: to reconsider. I urge you on
dialog: behalf of all those people out
dialog: there whose lives have become so
dialog: entwined with yours. Play fair
dialog: with them, Ed.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: All right. Let them decide.
text: He turns right to the camera.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd like you all to do me a
dialog: favor. Turn me off. Just grab
dialog: the remote and change the
dialog: channel. I mean, basically, all
dialog: you're watching now is a guy
text: deteriorate.
text: The only thing missing is the
dialog: smell. You're better than that
dialog: Turn me off. Thank you.
scene_heading: 190 INT. CYNTHIA'S OFFICE
text: Greg bursts in, carrying a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: GREG
text: Ratings are up across the board.
dialog: Look at this!
dialog: (drones on)
dialog: Men 18 to 35, women 18 to 35 ...
text: Cynthia stares, amazed.
scene_heading: 191 EXT. STREET
scene_heading: Ed WALKING ZOMBIE-LIKE- CROWDS SWARM.
scene_heading: 192 INT. LAWYER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Ed is with STEVE, a lawyer. Steve has a huge contract on his
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: This contract you signed? ... It's
dialog: a masterpiece. Don't go to war
dialog: with these guys. You fart in the
dialog: wrong direction they can take
dialog: everything you own and leave you
text: naked by the side of the road.
dialog: You ever going to get back with
dialog: that Jill? Ooh -- she was nice.
dialog: Shari, I didn't like that much
dialog: ("imitates" a gabby
dialog: girl)
text: "yet-tet-tet-tet-tet-tet-tet."
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Shut up.
scene_heading: 193 INT. DINER - NIGHT
text: Ed is sitting alone, eating lunch. He's surrounded by cameras
text: and shielded by BODYGUARDS.
text: OUTSIDE the diner a CROWD of rubberneckers is out on the
text: sidewalk, looking in at him, some of them acting up, some just
text: staring in. Ed is tired. He glances out the window and makes
text: a MONKEY FACE. Suddenly, he FREEZES.
text: He sees Shari's face in the crowd. She puts her fist in her mouth.
scene_heading: 194 EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Ed and Shari are walking -- on camera.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: 1 bailed. I bailed on you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Kinda'.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: It's what I do. I yell
text: "Geronimo" and jump out of a
dialog: relationship.
text: He laughs.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: SHARI (CONT'D)
dialog: You weren't able to make me feel
dialog: safe or secure -- no easy job for
dialog: any man, I admit -- and my
dialog: problem is, if I think I'm
text: losing, I pull myself out of the
dialog: game. I bail. See? I told you,
dialog: I'm the love coroner.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What did you do to your hair?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: My truck overheated, so I opened
dialog: the hood and my hair got caught
dialog: in the fan belt. So I had to get
text: a haircut.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It's nice.
text: He touches her hair. They leap on each other. They're
speaker_heading: KISSING.
scene_heading: 195 INT. NETWORK CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Big meeting. Many Honchos, including Scharlach and Cynthia.
text: All but Cynthia are focused. Cynthia looks bored.
speaker_heading: HONCHO #l
dialog: I think this could be great.
dialog: What if Ed and Shari decide to
dialog: get married? A wedding? The
text: cute, little half-Asian nephew in
text: a tuxedo, carrying the ring on
dialog: one of those big fluffy pillows -
dialog: we'11 kill. A sixty share.
text: A secretary (MILDRED) enters. She's a little flustered.
speaker_heading: MILDRED
dialog: Um... Mr. Scharlach, um -- you're
dialog: not watching TV?
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: No, Mildred, we're working.
speaker_heading: MILDRED
dialog: Um... Ed -- and Shari are --
speaker_heading: SEAVER
dialog: Engaged?
speaker_heading: MILDRED
dialog: No. Here. They're in the
text: building. They're on their way
dialog: up.
text: Scharlach indicates that he wants someone to turn on the TV.
text: Someone does and they see Ed and Shari coming down the hall.
text: They enter the conference room. The cameras, of course, are
text: with them. Ed is carrying a CARTON.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi, kids. Busy?
speaker_heading: MUCH CONFUSION
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: I just came up to pass out these
dialog: Ed TV hats.
text: He takes a lot of HATS out of the carton and begins placing on
text: the heads of the Honchos.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: A guy made these up for me. He
dialog: spelled Ed with two D's. Okay,
dialog: listen. The real reason I came
dialog: up here -- and then I'11 get out
dialog: of your way -- is I've been
dialog: thinking about what you said.
dialog: About let's start having more fun
dialog: with this show, you know? Let's
dialog: give it a big kick in the ass.
speaker_heading: HONCHO #1
dialog: Well, we were thinking --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Shut up.
text: He takes back that Honcho's hat.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's have a contest. Now this
dialog: would mostly be open to
dialog: professional investigators and
dialog: detectives. But anyone can join
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: (rehearsed)
dialog: What do we have to do?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: My lovely assistant, Shari. I'm
dialog: glad you asked. The contest is
dialog: who can dig up -- legally, of
dialog: course -- I'm not suggesting
dialog: that anyone break any laws --
dialog: the most embarrassing and
dialog: humiliating facts about any of
dialog: the executives here at the North
dialog: American Broadcasting System which
dialog: owns Real TV.
text: The Honchos staring blankly.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: But facts! They have to be
dialog: verified. Anything from their
dialog: past, their present, business,
dialog: personal -- arrests, affairs ...
dialog: And whoever comes up with the
dialog: sleaziest, most degrading
dialog: material -- I'11 give you ten
dialog: thousand dollars. And you get to
dialog: be on Ed TV.
dialog: (to the Honchos,
dialog: excitedly)
dialog: Hah?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: So act now. Here's Ed's home
dialog: phone number.
text: She holds up a CARD.
scene_heading: 196 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: It's packed with LAWYERS and EXECS. Everyone is agitated,
text: except Cynthia, who seems relaxed-Ed and Shari are gone.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: Legal?! How can this be legal?
dialog: It's defamation! It's slander!
dialog: It's...
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Not, technically. He is not
text: showing a reckless disregard for
dialog: the truth.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: You're fired!
text: The meeting continues ANGRILY.
scene_heading: 197 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
text: The Honchos are watching Ed TV. They look STRAINED, ANXIOUS.
text: In Ed's home a BANK OF PHONES have been set up like for a
text: telethon. Manning the phones are Ed, Shari, Ray, Marcia, Al
text: and Jeanette. The PHONES KEEP RINGING.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Uh-huh... uh-huh... Really?! She
dialog: was how old?
text: In the conference room one of the Execs looks DIZZY.
text: The CAMERA PANS to Al on the phone.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (shocked)
text: He pays a prostitute to do what
dialog: to him? I don't even want that
dialog: on my shoes.
scene_heading: IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM
text: FEAR and SHOCK, except for Cynthia, who is LAUGHING and can't
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH
dialog: Stop laughing or you're fired.
text: She stops.
text: Then she gets up.
speaker_heading: SCHARLACH (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I've got this great idea. We put
dialog: together a video. "The Network
dialog: Executives Goofiest Moments." And
dialog: listen, i've really loved working
dialog: here.
text: On the word "loved" she shot Scharlach THE FINGER. She exits,
scene_heading: LAUGHING.
scene_heading: 198 INT. ED'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Ed is off the phone,
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Okay. We have a winner. Now
dialog: please don't feel badly if yours
dialog: wasn't selected. In our eyes,
dialog: you're all winners.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: And each contestant gets one of
dialog: these.
text: (holds up a tee-shirt
dialog: with writing on it)
dialog: An "I tried to screw a network
dialog: executive" tee-shirt.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: A hundred per cent cotton. Okay,
dialog: here we go, Andy.
text: Ed grabs a sealed ENVELOPE. Andy plays a DRUM ROLL -- not
dialog: terribly well.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT'D)
dialog: Andy's available for executions.
dialog: And the winner is ...
text: As he opens the envelope.
scene_heading: 199 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: The Executives staring, HORRIFIED.
scene_heading: 200 INT. ED'S APARTMENT
text: He takes out the card and registers mock-surprise.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hey, the winner is from right
dialog: here in New York city.
dialog: Carl Bowers a former orderly at
dialog: the Martin Center -- a clinic
dialog: that specializes in, what they
dialog: call, male enhancement
dialog: procedures.
scene_heading: 201 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Scharlach's EYES WIDEN in HORROR.
scene_heading: 202 INT. ED'S APARTMENT
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: How many of you know what a
dialog: penile implant is? As it was
dialog: explained to me, what happens is--
scene_heading: 203 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: As Ed explains, Scharlach reaches for the phone, fumbling it
text: for a moment.
scene_heading: 204 INT. ED'S APARTMENT
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: And the man of the hour -- the
dialog: executive with the winning secret
dialog: the man who, thanks to the
dialog: miracle of space-age science and
text: a pump he keeps in his pocket,
dialog: can now --
text: A SHOT OF a television set tuned to Ed. Suddenly Ed is
text: replaced by a Real TV logo.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: And that concludes Real TV's
dialog: coverage of Ed TV. Stay tuned
dialog: for new programming information.
speaker_heading: MUSAK
scene_heading: 205 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
scene_heading: 206 INT. TV STUDIO
scene_heading: An ENTERTAINMENT REPORTER.
scene_heading: 207 INT. TV STUDIO
speaker_heading: The PANEL.
scene_heading: 208 EXT. CHURCH
scene_heading: ENTERTAINMENT REPORTER
dialog: A spokesperson for Real TV
dialog: announced that Ed received a
dialog: check covering his four months on
dialog: the air, his balloon payment and
dialog: an additional bonus to show the
dialog: Network's appreciation for all
dialog: his -- quote -- hard work and
dialog: loyalty -- unquote. When asked --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: The Panel.
speaker_heading: PANELIST #1
dialog: In five years no one will even
dialog: remember this person.
speaker_heading: PANELIST #4
dialog: Five years! Six months. He's
dialog: the "macarena." He's --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A NEWS REPORTER is reporting on a wedding.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Marcia Pekurny, the woman known
dialog: to most Americans as "Ed's
dialog: sister" was married here today to
dialog: Carlos Coto, who some of you may
dialog: remember as the primary camera
dialog: operator on "Ed TV" --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 209 INT. TV STUDIO
text: A news show.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: The current rage of "Reality
dialog: Television" got a real dose of
dialog: reality today. Lifestyle
dialog: Televisions Joma was shot this
text: evening, outside his apartment.
dialog: Because Joma was on television
dialog: twenty-four hours a day,
dialog: Lifestyle's cameras were there to
dialog: record the shooting.
text: WE SEE Joma walking into his building. Somebody steps forward
text: with a GUN. The ASSAILANT is jostled as he shoots and the
text: bullet hits Joma in the ass. He falls to the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: JOKA
dialog: Ohhhh!!! ... my ass! He shot me
dialog: in the ass!
text: The CAMERA PANS to the Assailant, who we might recognize as
dialog: someone who we've seen following Ed from time to time.
speaker_heading: ASSAILANT
dialog: Now I'm famous.
text: REVEAL Ed and Shari watching this on television.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I know him. I gave him an autograph.
text: Shari turns it off.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
