speaker_heading: EIGHTH GRADE
dialog: Written by
dialog: Bo Burnham
speaker_heading: A WEBCAM'S FEED--
text: A young girl in front a flat backdrop.
speaker_heading: This is KAYLA (13).
text: Staring directly at us.
text: The image quality is low.
text: She shines through it with an affected brightness.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey guys! It’s Kayla! Back with
dialog: another video. I haven’t been
dialog: getting tons of views on these so
dialog: if you like them, please share them
dialog: with your friends. I'd really
dialog: appreciate it. Cool...so, um..
dialog: today I want to talk to you guys
dialog: about - Being Yourself. Okay, so,
dialog: like, Being Yourself? What does
dialog: that mean? Like, aren’t I always
dialog: Being Myself? Well, like, yes, for
dialog: sure. But “Being Yourself” also
dialog: means, like, not changing the um--
dialog: (looks down at her lap)
dialog: --uh...sorry, I’m reading these off
dialog: a piece of paper-- ...OKAY “Being
dialog: Yourself” also means like not
dialog: changing yourself to be cool or
dialog: like to try to impress a guy or
dialog: whatever.
text: As she speaks, her eyes wander with her thoughts. She plays
text: with her hair, twirling it around a finger, tilting her head
text: to piece out a thin strand with both hands then fixing it.
dialog: She does this constantly.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: And it’s really important to Be
dialog: Yourself, because like you could be
dialog: the most popular kid at school or
dialog: have like the hottest boyfriend or
dialog: whatever, but if you’re not Being
dialog: Yourself, then like what’s the
dialog: point? Cause, like, if you aren’t
dialog: Being Yourself...then what’s the
dialog: poi-I said that already. Okay.
dialog: ....okay. So...okay, but what makes
dialog: Being Yourself hard sometimes is
dialog: that it’s not always easy.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Cause sometimes people will make
dialog: fun of you for Being Yourself but
dialog: you just have to ignore them
dialog: because you are Being Yourself and
dialog: that’s good and if someone’s being
dialog: mean, that sucks but evil people
dialog: exist and you can’t change that.
dialog: Okay...and you can’t let other
dialog: people tell you who you are. Like,
dialog: for instance, like sometimes people
dialog: say that I’m shy or quiet just
dialog: because I don’t talk a lot at
dialog: school or whatever. But just
dialog: because I’m quiet sometimes,
dialog: doesn’t mean...okay, like...like
dialog: I’m not shy. Like if someone is
dialog: nice then I will talk to them and I
dialog: can be really funny and fun to talk
dialog: to. But like, just cause I’m not
dialog: talking all the time like everyone
dialog: else doesn’t mean that I’m a quiet
dialog: person. It just means that I...
dialog: like, I’m not scared to talk, I
dialog: just choose not to..... Okay, so,
dialog: like, yeah, you should Be Yourself
dialog: and don’t worry what other people
dialog: think, and if they think you’re
dialog: something that you’re not, just let
dialog: it go and try to not care and
dialog: eventually everything will work
dialog: out. Cool. So hopefully some of you
dialog: found this video helpful. Please
dialog: remember to share this video and
dialog: subscribe to my channel. Thanks for
dialog: watching! Byeee!
speaker_heading: A WIDE VIEW reveals:
text: Kayla, sitting in the corner of her room, her laptop open on
text: the desk in front of her, a bland, colored
text: the wall behind her.
text: She reaches forward, closes the laptop and
dialog: Alone.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. THE NEXT MORNING
text: The bedroom is small and brightly-colored.
dialog: stars and movie stars and pretty photos on
text: bed with a massive pink down comforter and
text: beneath it.
dialog: backdrop hung on
text: sits in the dark.
dialog: Posters of pop
text: the wall. A twin
dialog: something tiny
text: A BUBBLY ELECTRO-POP SONG fades up.
text: Just as the song starts to get loud, just as the song starts
text: to reveal itself as the perfect accompaniment for a spring
text: morning, the pink comforter on the bed stirs and a tiny hand
text: emerges, turning off the song that’s blaring from an iPhone
text: plugged in on the bedside table.
text: Kayla emerges from the bed in her pajamas. She gets up and
text: stretches, making weird morning sounds in the quiet room.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BATHROOM —- MOMENTS LATER
speaker_heading: BEGIN SEQUENCE
text: -- Post-it notes lining the border of a large bathroom
text: mirror. Reminders and lyrics and quotes: “TRUST YOURSELF.”
scene_heading: “DON’T JUST FLY, SOAR.” “BE YOUR OWN KIND OF BEAUTIUFL.” “GET
text: NEW TOOTHBRUSH.” Some look freshly made, others old, their
text: bright colors fading.
text: -- The bathroom is filled with steam. Kayla appears in front
text: of the mirror freshly showered, one towel wrapped around her
text: body, another wrapping her hair.
text: -- Kayla gets close to the mirror, rubs moisturizer on her
text: face, takes the towel of her head.
text: -- Kayla blow dries her hair.
text: -- Kayla opens her LAPTOP on the bathroom counter. Opens her
text: browser. Goes to her BOOKMARKS tab and scrolls down to a
scene_heading: YouTube link titled: MY EVERYDAY CASUAL MAKEUP TUTORIAL.
text: -- Kayla applies foundation, glancing back and forth from her
text: own reflection to her laptop’s screen.
text: -- ON KAYLA’S LAPTOP - a beautiful, well-lit YOUNG WOMAN (16)
text: sits in her bedroom, applying foundation in close-up. The
dialog: video has seven million views.
text: -- Kayla applies some subtle eyeliner. Consults the mirror,
text: the laptop, the mirror again, Blush. Lip gloss. Kayla. Her
text: reflection. The Young Woman on the screen. All getting ready
dialog: together.
text: -- Kayla inspects her finished hair and makeup from multiple
dialog: angles.
text: -- Kayla grabs her laptop and pajamas off the bathroom
text: counter and exits.
scene_heading: INT. BACK IN HER BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE CONTINUES
text: -- Kayla has changed back into her pajamas and is now
text: climbing back into bed.
text: -- Kayla gets under the covers, careful not to mess up her
text: hair. She puts her head on the pillow, lifts her iPhone and
text: takes a selfie, straining to seem casual.
text: -- Another selfie on the bed from a different angle.
text: -- Another. And Another. And another.
text: -- Kayla sits on the edge of her bed, still in her pajamas.
text: She looks at her phone.
scene_heading: -- ON KAYLA’S PHONE SCREEN: Kayla is on Instagram, posting
text: the selfie of her “waking up.” She chooses a filter. She
text: captions the photo: “just woke up. ughhhhh” She posts it.
scene_heading: ELECTRONIC MUSIC. LOUD. BRIGHT.
text: MACRO SHOTS: a grid of a thousand pixels, forming pictures,
text: text, moving images, then closer, to the stark reality of a
text: Liquid Crystal Display: dozens of rectangular blocks of
text: light, the SUBPIXELS, in repeating groups of three,
text: red/blue/green, arranged in rows and columns, so close now
text: that no image can form, no colors even beyond the three
text: present, flashing and pulsing with abstract order:
dialog: Redbluegreenblueredgreenblueredbluegreenredbluegreenbluered.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET. LATER
text: Kayla, now dressed for school, walks down the sidewalk. Her
text: massive backpack forces her to lean forward, hands clutching
text: the shoulder straps. She has headphones in. We follow her
text: close, at eye-level.
text: The world is big. She is small and moving quickly through it.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET. LATER
text: Kayla walks, headphones blaring. The sun is shining. She
text: doesn’t notice. A car passes and someone inside screams at
text: Kayla as it whizzes by.
text: Kayla doesn’t notice.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET. LATER
text: Kayla keeps walking. Stops. Takes out her iPhone and looks *
dialog: at it.
text: ON THE SCREEN: her Instagram photo has received zero likes
text: and one comment. The comment, from asherk1313, reads: “ew.”
text: Kayla stares at the phone and deletes her photo. She looks up
text: and hustles across the street.
text: Pan to reveal, MILES GROVE MIDDLE SCHOOL, a giant brick
text: building, wide and sturdy, beyond a large parking lot.
text: Kayla walks toward it, getting smaller and eventually
text: disappearing into the mass of kids and cars and buses that
text: are all being pulled inward toward the school.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Your body is changing.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY. LATER
text: Kayla walks down the crowded hallway, backpack on. Rather
text: than the sounds of the busy hallway, we hear a calm adult
text: female voice and the cheesy educational score accompanying
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: This change can be scary. But this
dialog: change is a good thing. It means
dialog: that you are becoming an adult.
text: Kayla walks, moving forward, head down.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: You may have noticed hair starting
dialog: to grow in new places.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM. LATER
text: Kayla sits on the toilet in a stall.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: You may have noticed hair starting
dialog: to grow in new places.
text: Kayla reaches for toilet paper.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM. MOMENTS LATER
text: THREE GIRLS (13) stand in front of the three available
text: mirrors, preening themselves. Kayla stands behind them, her
text: hands out awkwardly, waiting to wash them.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: You may have begun to gain some
dialog: weight or grow taller....This is
dialog: normal...This is healthy.
text: Kayla waits, hands out. The three girls don’t notice her.
scene_heading: INT. ART CLASS. LATER.
text: Kayla sits at a long, dirtied table in the back of the art
text: class, working on something with her hands:
text: It’s some weird clay thing. Like a sculpture/face/mug, grey
text: and soft and shiny and wet and Kayla is molding it with her
text: hands, putting the finishing touches onto something that is
text: turning around nothing like she hoped it would.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Your body...is an amazing thing.
text: A BANGING sound. Kayla looks over to see a large BOY (13)
text: sitting beside her, punching his clay into the table with
dialog: both hands.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY. LATER
text: Kayla waits at the water fountain, behind a GIRL (13) who is
text: drinking at it.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: And your body deserves respect. By
dialog: understanding exactly how your body
dialog: is changing, you are respecting
dialog: your body and yourself.
text: The girl finally stops drinking, then immediately reaches
text: into her backpack, takes out an empty water bottle and begins
text: filling it at the fountain. Kayla waits.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM. LATER
text: The room is dark and a TV has been wheeled out in front of
text: the students. We see THE WOMAN (40s) who has been speaking on
text: the screen - looking directly into camera. Behind the TV,
text: MRS. NOLAN (50s) works behind her desk.
dialog: 7.
text: The students watch the movie with a mixture of awe, confusion
text: and disgust. In the back, Kayla cranes her neck to see.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON THE TV
dialog: Over the course of these next
dialog: thirty minutes, we will begin to
dialog: explore and understand these
dialog: changing bodies of yours.
text: Kayla gives up trying to see. She looks around, bored - sees
dialog: something.
text: ACROSS THE ROOM - a STRANGE BOY has his head tucked in his
text: shirt, the glow of his phone illuminating from inside the
text: fabric: he’s secretly watching a video.
dialog: And doing something else.
text: Kayla stares. Confused.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON THE TV (CONT’D)
dialog: Chapter One: The Hair Down There.
speaker_heading: GIRL’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: TRISTAN, ARE YOU MASTURBATING???
text: A silence. Then the class FREAKS OUT. Laughs and screams and
text: “ewww"s. Mrs. Nolan tries to calm them down.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOLAN
dialog: Hey! Quiet! QUI-ET!
text: It’s no use. It’s chaos. Boys point and laugh. Girls scream
text: and heckle in disgust. Tristan denies everything. Mrs. Nolan
text: fails to control the situation.
text: And way in the back, Kayla sits quietly.
text: As commotion in the classroom builds and crescendos, we hear
text: something else, an orchestra, swelling and overtaking the
dialog: noise of the kids as we cut to--
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY. LATER
text: Kayla walks down the hallway. We hear only the orchestra,
text: straining to play correctly, bum notes everywhere, sections
text: off tempo, instruments out of tune, the whole piece dragging
text: and plodding along, a ton of effort, little success.
text: Kayla walks down the hallway. The orchestra strains to score
dialog: the moment.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM. DAY.
text: The stage of the auditorium, and the source of the sound
dialog: we've been hearing: a fifty-piece student orchestra is mid-
text: performance, the MUSIC TEACHER standing in front of them,
dialog: conducting.
text: We drift through the students, trumpet players with red
text: faces, violinists with poor posture, clarinet players with
text: split reeds squeaking out a high harmony.
dialog: It’s a mess.
text: We arrive at the back, where Kayla is stationed, one giant
text: CYMBAL in each hand, waiting for her moment.
text: The song ends and she smacks them together a fraction late.
scene_heading: CRASSSSHHHHHHH.
text: A pause. Then light applause.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM. MOMENTS LATER
text: Kayla sits in the audience with her classmates.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL
dialog: Thank you again to the school band
dialog: for that wonderful performance.
dialog: Impressive stuff.
text: PRINCIPAL MCDANIEL (40s, gentle) is standing on stage.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-Alright, eighth graders! Next
dialog: week is your last week here at
dialog: Miles Grove Middle School.
text: Huge cheer.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, okay, yep, very good -- but,
dialog: BUT...we still have a lot of
dialog: important work ahead of us. And a
dialog: lot of FUN work ahead of us. We
dialog: have the High School Shadow Program
dialog: early next week...We also have a
dialog: few guest speakers. Should be fun.
dialog: And the end of the year dance.
text: Whoops and cheers from the crowd.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: And, AND...we have your sixth grade
dialog: Time Capsules for you to pick up
dialog: today. Remember those shoeboxes
dialog: that you made during the first week
dialog: of sixth grade? Remember how we
dialog: said that those Time Capsules were
dialog: going to be a gift for the future
dialog: “you” that would eventually “make
dialog: it” here at Miles Grove Middle
dialog: School? Well, YOU have MADE IT. So
dialog: pick those up in the lobby when
dialog: this assembly is over...Alright,
dialog: now I’m going to turn things over
dialog: to Mrs. Roach who will read the
dialog: results of the eighth grade class
dialog: superlatives!
text: Hushed excited reaction from the crowd. Whispers, “yesssss”.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Roche?
text: MRS. ROCHE (50s, stone-faced) walks onto the court. She
text: stands behind a podium and reads.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROCHE
dialog: If your name is called, please
dialog: report to the Band Practice Room
dialog: after this Assembly to have your
text: picture taken for the yearbook.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL
dialog: But pick up your Time Capsules
dialog: first!
speaker_heading: MRS. ROCHE
dialog: Yes...okay...Class Superlatives, as
dialog: voted by you - the students. Each
dialog: category has a male and female
dialog: winner from the student body.
dialog: Okay...Most Athletic... Danny
dialog: Atchison and Olivia Elder...
speaker_heading: SOME GIRL
dialog: Woo! Yeah Oliviaaaa!
speaker_heading: MRS. ROCHE
dialog: Most artistic...Wyatt Conville and
dialog: Dawn Ringelheim...
text: Kayla sits in the crowd, picking at her nails.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROCHE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Class Clowns...Jed Goodwin and
dialog: Missy Vitale...
text: Somewhere in the crowd, Jed makes a loud FART NOISE and the
text: auditorium laughs. Classic Jed. Kayla continues to pick at
text: her nails. Bites them. Bored, not nervous. We stay on her.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROCHE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Most Talkative...Pat Druschel and
dialog: Jackie Stasiak....Most Quiet...
text: This gets Kayla’s attention. She stops fidgeting. Closes her
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROCHE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
text: ...Andrew Fields and Kayla Day.
text: Kayla grimaces. Balls her hands into fists. Shrinks.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROCHE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Best eyes...
scene_heading: INT. BAND PRACTICE ROOM. LATER
text: The eighteen superlative winners sit in the Band Room amongst
text: the music stands and instruments.
text: Kayla sits by herself.
text: She looks over at a GROUP OF GIRLS who are inspecting and
text: sharing at each other’s Time Capsules -- bright shoeboxes
text: full of personal trinkets. The girls laugh and do a lot of
dialog: “OH my god”s and “shut UP”s.
text: Kayla looks down at her Time Capsule sitting on her lap --
text: the outside made purple and pink with construction paper. On
text: the top of the shoebox’s lid, in large glittery pink
dialog: lettering, sixth-grade Kayla wrote:
text: TO THE COOLEST GIRL IN THE WORLD
text: Kayla stares at this. A door opens. Mr. M enters.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL
dialog: Okay superlative winners, so after
dialog: you've taken your picture please
dialog: return to your fifth period
dialog: classes. Okay, we will start
dialog: with...Mr. and Mrs. Best Eyes!
dialog: Aiden Wilson-Carter and Kennedy
dialog: Graves!
dialog: 11.
text: The group of girls cheer as one of them stands. This is
text: KENNEDY GRAVES (13, "cool"). She walks past Kayla.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (weak thumbs up)
dialog: Good job.
text: Kennedy passes her, doesn’t hear and/or care.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL
dialog: Aiden...AIDEN!
scene_heading: TIME SLOWS and MUSIC BLASTS as AIDEN WILSON-CARTER (13,
text: perfect) looks up from his phone in the back of the room. His
text: face is blank and bored. His eyes are the best.
text: He gets up and walks toward the front of the room, in slow
text: motion, annoyed and bored. Kayla turns and looks at him, her
text: face deflating into awe - he somehow gets hotter every time
text: she sees him.
text: He passes her and the music stops abruptly and we snap back
text: into real time just in time to hear a faint, breathy:
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Good j-....
text: Aiden arrives at the front of the room.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Hey, Aiden.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: (fishing)
dialog: So embarrassing that we got voted
dialog: best eyes, like honestly like I
dialog: don’t even think my eyes are that
dialog: great.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: (almost a robot)
dialog: Yeah...
text: Kennedy and Aiden follow Mr. McDaniel out of the room. Kayla
text: watches them leave and then looks down at the time capsule in
dialog: her lap.
dialog: 12.
text: TO THE COOLEST GIRL IN THE WORLD
text: Kayla gently lifts the lid off of the shoebox. She begins
text: removing and inspecting things. A movie ticket stub. A small
text: frog figurine. A Justin Bieber magnet.
text: Then, a picture of a young Kayla on a field trip with her
text: class. She’s smiling in this picture. Surrounded by her
dialog: classmates.
text: She’s about to close the capsule, when she spots something. A
text: TINY PLASTIC SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS. She picks it up with two
text: fingers and stares at it.
text: The plastic Spongebob stares back as we hear a door open.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (0.S.)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Shhhh..-.hey....hey....I’m looking
dialog: for Mr. and Mrs. Most Quiet, Andrew
dialog: Fields and Kayla Day. Shhhh....
dialog: Kayla looks up. :-|
scene_heading: INT. MUSIC CLASSROOM. MOMENTS LATER.
text: A PHOTOGRAPHER (50s, tired) sits on a stool behind a camera
text: and tripod. Mr. McDaniel enters the room, trailed by Kayla
text: and ANDREW FIELDS (13, silent, very weird).
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL
dialog: Alright guys, just pop a squat over
dialog: there and we’ll get a few glamour
dialog: shots.
text: Kayla and Andrew walk over to the “photo shoot area” -- two
text: adjacent chairs set up in front of a hung backdrop, flanked
text: by mounted lights and reflecting umbrellas. They sit.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: So we've been trying to do sort of
dialog: funny poses that reflect the
dialog: superlatives. Like for the Most
dialog: Athletic, Danny pretended to be
text: running for a touchdown and Olivia
dialog: pretended to be tackling him. So,
dialog: it should be fun, you know? You
dialog: guys have any ideas?
dialog: No response, obviously.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh! Maybe Andrew, you could be
text: holding a book, and Kayla, maybe
dialog: you could be shushing him like
dialog: you're at a library or something?
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Battery’s dead. Gotta run to my
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL
dialog: Oh, okay. No problem...You know
dialog: what, I think I’1l run to the
dialog: restroom. Hang tight kids!
text: The Photographer and Mr. McDaniel exit. Kayla and Andrew sit
text: together, alone, side-by-side.
text: Kayla fidgets with her nails, busy. Andrew stares straight
text: ahead, slack-jawed, teeth in braces, ostensibly brain-dead.
dialog: They are quiet from two totally different places -- self-
text: consciousness and unconsciousness.
text: They sit in silence for a FULL MINUTE. Sixty excruciating
text: seconds. No one enters.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL. LATER
text: Kayla exits the school, wearing her backpack. An SUV pulls up
text: and honks. Kennedy Graves (Miss Best Eyes) climbs into the
text: passenger seat. DIANNE GRAVES (40s) shouts past her daughter
dialog: to Kayla.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES
dialog: Hey! Little one!
text: She honks. Kayla notices, walks over, hesitantly. Kennedy
text: rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES (CONT’D)
dialog: (to Kayla)
dialog: You're Mark’s girl, right?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah.
text: Kennedy, stuck in the middle of this, glares at Kayla.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES
dialog: Your dad was such a huge help with
dialog: the spring fundraiser. Thank him
dialog: again for me, will you?
dialog: Blue
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES
dialog: What’s your name again?
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Kayla.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES
dialog: Kayla! Yes! Kayla, you know, we
dialog: just opened our pool...
text: Kennedy turns to her, widens her eyes.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES (CONT’D)
dialog: (to Kennedy)
dialog: Shush.
dialog: (to Kayla)
dialog: We just opened our pool and we’re
dialog: having our first big pool party of
dialog: the summer for Kennedy’s birthday
dialog: tomorrow. You should come. Gonna be
dialog: lots of fun, right Kennedy?
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES
dialog: You should come. It’s gonna be a
dialog: blast. Kennedy will send you an
dialog: invite on facebook. Right Kennedy?
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Ohmygod.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES
dialog: Can you make it?
text: Kayla looks at Kennedy, sees how unwanted she is.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Maybe...I probably can’t. I’1l try
dialog: but I probably can’t.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES
dialog: Try to make it. You’1l have a
dialog: blast. And say thanks to your dad
dialog: again for me.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES
dialog: Great! See you tomorrow maybe!
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay maybe, probably not though,
dialog: thank you.
speaker_heading: DIANNE GRAVES
dialog: Say bye, Kennedy.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Bye.
text: They drive away. Kayla stands in place, staring straight
text: ahead, perfectly still.
text: Then, suddenly, she RUNS. We follow her, close, as she
text: sprints across the parking lot, away from the school.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MOMENTS LATER
text: Kayla continues her sprint down the sidewalk, her backpack
text: weighing her down, forcing her to run awkwardly in weird,
text: forceful lunges. She breathes heavily, running as hard as she
text: can with the weight on her back.
text: She sprints across the street, tiring but pushing through,
text: down a sidewalk, then another street, passing a woman walking
text: her dog, a couple kids walking back from school, she runs
text: past them, her arms swinging to counteract the backpack that
text: wants to pull her down.
text: She forces herself forward.
dialog: Can’t anymore.
text: She slows and collapses onto a patch of grass, backpack
text: first, like a flipped turtle.
text: She closes her eyes and catches her breath, nearly
text: hyperventilating.
text: As her breath returns, she slowly rocks to her side, lifts
text: herself to her feet, and continues in the same direction she
text: had just been running - now just walking, head down.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM KAYLA’S HOUSE. NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON on Kayla’s iPad. Her tiny finger opens her iTunes
text: app and selects a BRIGHT CHEERY POP SONG. It plays loudly.
text: Her tiny finger touches the screen, minimizing iTunes and
text: opening her Instagram app.
text: She scrolls through the feed people she follows:
text: A video OF A BOY HER AGE BOWLING, captioned: “matty getting
text: ready to suck 101111111”. A PICTURE OF THREE GIRLS HER AGE
text: PAINTING THEIR NAILS, captioned: “friday nite nail party
text: #GETIT”. DEMI LOVATO backstage getting ready for a show.
text: Kayla scrolls past dozens of photos - all showing various
text: fun, eighth-grade Friday nights being had by her classmates.
text: A wide view reveals Kayla’s Friday night: a quiet dinner at
text: home with DAD.
text: Homemade chicken breast and green beans on each of their
text: plates. Two bowls of extras between them. Kayla scrolls
text: through her iPhone with her headphones in, the iPad propped
text: up on a stand in front of her plate of food.
text: Dad eats quietly. Kayla doesn’t touch her plate, the sounds
text: of Kayla’s music now buzzing quietly in her ears.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: ...Kayla.
text: She doesn’t hear him.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: eeeee Kayla......Kay....
text: Dad waves his arms, flagging her down. Kayla removes one of
text: the earbuds from her left ear.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
text: Food’s getting cold.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I like it cold.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Okay.
text: She puts the earbud back in. Resumes scrolling.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: One more week of eighth grade, huh?
dialog: 17.
text: Kayla removes her earbud, annoyed.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I said one more week of eighth
dialog: grade, right??
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Crazy...Can’t believe you’re gonna
dialog: be in high school. You excited?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You're getting a little taste of it
dialog: next week, right? The high school
dialog: shadow thing?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: That’s fun. Do you know who you’re
dialog: following around yet?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No.
text: Kayla goes to put her earbud back in, Dad cuts her off:
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Hey, I got an email from Mrs.
dialog: Graves. Said you’re going to
dialog: Kennedy's birthday thing tomorrow?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I’m not.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, no.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Sounded kinda fun.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Kennedy doesn’t like me.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: That can’t be true.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You know sometimes kids act like
dialog: they don’t like you but really
dialog: that’s just cause they got their
dialog: own stuff going on-
text: Dad stops as he notices that Kayla has put her headphones
text: back in and is staring at her iPhone, not listening to him. *
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: rs Kayla?........Kayla.........
text: He crumples up a napkin and tosses it across the table,
text: hitting Kayla in the head.
text: Kayla rips out her headphones.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: ARE YOU KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW?
text: Dad laughs, Kayla doesn’t.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Hey, come on, I’m being funny.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: If you’re the only one that thinks
dialog: it’s funny it’s not funny it’s just
dialog: annoying.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (crossing his eyes)
dialog: Whaaaaaat?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: STOPPP. It’s Friday night, you said
dialog: I can do whatever I want on Fridays-
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I know, I know and you can, sorry.
dialog: Just let me say one thing and then
dialog: you can do your iPhone and I’1l
dialog: leave you alone, alright??
text: Kayla huffs, slams down her iPhone, glares at him.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Fine. What.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Okay...But you gotta listen. Don’t
dialog: be angry before I even say it or
dialog: you won’t really hear it, okay?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: OHMYGOD, Dad, just say it--
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Alrightalrightokay -- I’m saying
dialog: ite...
text: Dad gathers himself. Pauses.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I’m THINKING.
text: Kayla closes her eyes. So frustrated.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: ...I...I think you’re so cool-
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (huge huff, so
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: Dad, seriously, I’m gonna stop
dialog: eating with you if--
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You said I could say my one thing
dialog: so let me say it...
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I think you’re so cool. When I was
dialog: your age, I wasn’t cool like you.
dialog: You have all these interests and
dialog: you make all your videos and stuff
dialog: and that’s so great and cool.
dialog: But...You know but sometimes I just
dialog: worry that you don’t put yourself
dialog: out there--
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Please stop--
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I know, look, I know the kids at
dialog: school aren’t great. I’m not saying
dialog: you have to be best friends with
dialog: Kennedy Graves, alright?...I just -
dialog: and you're gonna think this is lame
dialog: - but I just think you’re a really
dialog: special person.
text: Kayla buries her head in her hands.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (muffled through hands)
speaker_heading: UHMUHGUHH.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I do! Sorry, I do. You know, and I
dialog: know dads are supposed to think
dialog: their kid is special no matter what
dialog: but I’m telling you Kayla, if I
dialog: wasn’t your dad, I’d still think
dialog: that. Sorry. I would. And, I just--
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: This is more than one thing.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: It’s one chunk. I’m saying one
dialog: chunk of stuff...And I know it’s
dialog: like “shut up, dad” and I get it, I
dialog: really do, I know I’m being lame
dialog: but I’m not trying make you feel
dialog: bad when I say this stuff, I’m
dialog: actually trying make you feel
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Then let me use my iPad.
text: Dad sees that this isn’t going anywhere.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: ..+.sure, yeah, do your thing.
text: Dad smiles, sad, as his daughter puts her headphones back in
text: and stares at her iPad.
text: They sit in silence.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Kay, remember when I used to
dialog: do Monkey Chicken Man?
text: Kayla ignores him, doesn’t look up.
dialog: 21.
dialog: Blue
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: (doing a funny voice,
dialog: weird arm gestures)
dialog: I’m a Monkey Chicken Maaaan, I'ma
dialog: Monkey Chicken Maaaan. Oo oo BOCK
scene_heading: BOCK o00 oo BOCK BA-COCK!
text: Dad laughs. Kayla stares at her iPad. Dad gives up, for now,
text: goes back to eating.
text: They sit in silence.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BEDROOM. LATER
text: Kayla lies on her bed, earbuds in, buzzing quietly, her
text: laptop open on her chest. She is BROWSING THE INTERNET.
text: She stares at her computer screen, her face is in blank
text: contrast to the things she’s looking at: MUSIC VIDEOS,
scene_heading: ARTICLES, PICTURES, EVERYTHING, EVERY PIECE OF CULTURE EVER
text: RIGHT HERE IN FRONT OF HER IN BRIGHT LIGHT.
text: Her phone buzzes.
text: She shuts her laptop.
text: On her phone’s homescreen, two notifications from Twitter:
text: ONE NEW FOLLOWER, ONE NEW DIRECT MESSAGE.
text: She opens her Twitter app. In her notifications: KENNEDY
dialog: GRAVES JUST FOLLOWED YOU.
text: She goes into her direct messages. There’s a fresh message
dialog: from Kennedy: Hi, so my mom said to invite you to my thing
dialog: tomorrow, so this is me doing that.
text: Kayla stares at the ‘invitation.’ She clicks on Kennedy’s
text: name and is brought to Kennedy’s twitter profile. She has a
dialog: cute profile picture.
text: Her latest tweet was a tweet to @awcl23: hey mr best eyes.
dialog: wat u lookin at lmao.
text: Kayla clicks on @awcl23 and is brought to AIDEN’S PROFILE.
text: His profile picture is a douchey photo of him looking sweaty
text: after a lacrosse game.
text: Kayla plugs in her headphones, goes to iTunes in her phone,
text: selects a pop song, and blasts it, scoring the following:
dialog: 22.
text: She returns to Aiden’s twitter page. Goes to the MEDIA
text: section and scrolls through the photos and videos he’s
text: posted, breathing heavily. A selfie. A pic after practice.
text: Then something stops her. A video Aiden has posted titled:
text: STRAIGHT FLEXIN BRUH. She clicks it.
text: It’s an iPhone video Aiden took of himself. He’s wearing a
text: tank top and flexing his muscles in his bathroom mirror.
text: Kayla watches it. She watches him. Her heart practically
text: vibrating.
text: She brings her hand up to her mouth and bites her nails.
text: Aiden flexes, smiles. Kayla stops biting. Keeps her hand at
text: her mouth. As the song climaxes, Kayla turns her hand over
text: and kisses it.
text: Aiden keeps flexing as Kayla begins to full-on make out with
text: the back of her hand, eyes closed, like Aiden and her are
text: kissing in the rain. The music follows suit.
text: Then, A KNOCK ON HER DOOR.
text: Kayla jumps, rips out her headphones, and THROWS her iPhone
text: across the room. It makes an awful sound.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: UHH!! WHAT???
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: I’m going to bed.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: OKAY .
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Alright, good night.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You mad at me?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Just don’t knock so loud.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Right. Yep. Sorry. Night.
dialog: 23.
text: We hear Dad leave as Kayla rolls over and off the bed. She
text: walks across the room to her iPhone. It’s screen down on the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Pleasepleasepleaseplease.
text: Kayla picks up the phone and turns it over:
text: THE SCREEN IS CRACKED.
text: Behind the violent web of jagged black lines, her homescreen
text: is a picture of Demi Lovato laughing. The time, 11:13 PM.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Sssssssshit. Shitshitshit.
text: Kayla grunts and whines, so angry she could cry. She flops
text: back onto her bed, lies down, stares at the ceiling. Ugh.
text: Then, with sudden purpose, still mad, she sits up, rolls off
text: her bed, walks across the room and unzips her backpack. She
text: takes out her TIME CAPSULE, puts it on the floor, rips off
text: the top, fishes through the box, grabs something, and storms
text: back to bed.
text: She get under the covers and lays still. The room is dark.
text: She brings her hand up close to her face and we see what she
text: grabbed out of the box:
text: The tiny plastic SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS. She stares. Spongebob
text: stares back. She rips Spongebob from his Squarepants - it’s a
dialog: USB DRIVE.
text: She grabs her laptop and opens it. HARSH LIGHT. She plugs the
text: Spongebob in to her laptop and minimizes her browser. The USB
text: appears on the desktop as an icon “16GB FileSystem.”
text: Kayla clicks it. The drive contains one video file.
text: It’s titled “DEAR 8TH GRADE KAYLA.”
text: Kayla puts her headphones in. Stares at her screen.
text: Hesitates. Then clicks.
text: We hear Kayla’s voice. It’s younger.
speaker_heading: YOUNG KAYLA (0.S)
dialog: Hey, Kayla! It’s you, Kayla.
dialog: 24.
text: Young Kayla laughs. We stay on our Kayla, never seeing what’s
text: playing on the screen.
speaker_heading: YOUNG KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: I’m just making this video to
dialog: congratulate you on finishing 8th
dialog: Grade! Woohooo! I am so, so, so,
dialog: so, SOOOOO proud of you.
text: Kayla watches, squinting, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: YOUNG KAYLA
dialog: I'm making this video on a FRIDAY.
dialog: I just finished my first week of
dialog: sixth grade and I’m about to have
dialog: my first middle school weekend so
dialog: that’s pretty cool - you’ve had a
dialog: bunch of middle school weekends so
dialog: they’re probably not cool to you
dialog: anymore.
text: Kayla cringes at herself. Keeps watching.
speaker_heading: YOUNG KAYLA (CONT’D)
dialog: I have so many questions for you.
dialog: Are you still doing karate? I’ma
dialog: yellow belt now, what belt are you?
dialog: Do you have a boyfriend? Is he
dialog: nice? What’s the COOLEST thing
dialog: you've done? What’s the SECOND
dialog: coolest? You don’t have to answer
dialog: because I can’t hear you obviously
dialog: but anyway, yeah, I’m really
dialog: excited for middle school and, um,
dialog: like, I just wanted to make this
dialog: video to say great job and you’re
dialog: the best and I hope you had a lot
dialog: of fun in middle school and I hope
dialog: all your new friends are being nice
dialog: to you because you deserve it.
dialog: Okay. Stay cool! I can’t wait to be
dialog: you. Byeeeee.
text: The sound stops. Kayla stares.
text: ON THE SCREEN: we get our only glimpse at the sixth-grade
text: Kayla, frozen in her seat, giving a smile and a wave to the
text: camera. Her face is smaller. Rounder.
text: Kayla Xs out of the video. Closes her laptop. Opens her phone
text: Aiden’s video is still up behind the cracked glass. Kayla Xs
dialog: out of it.
text: She clicks on her direct messages. The message from Kennedy.
dialog: 25.
dialog: Kayla thinks.
scene_heading: EXT. KENNEDY’S HOUSE. THE NEXT DAY.
text: Low angle on a colossal MCMANSION. Green lawn that looks
text: fake. Stone walkway. It’s all just big and gross and scary.
text: Dad's pickup truck is parked in front of it. Kayla sits
text: shotgun, staring out the window away from Dad who stares at
text: her from the driver’s seat. Kayla doesn’t move. A long
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I’m so glad you're doing this.
dialog: This’ll be good. I think you’re
dialog: gonna have a lot of fun.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Mmm.
text: Kayla keeps staring at the house, tense. Doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Want me to walk you in?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No.
text: Kayla keeps staring. Dad sits patiently. Kayla takes a deep
text: breath and exits the car, holding a backpack and a small
dialog: wrapped gift.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Text me when you want to get picked
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
text: Kayla shuts the door and walks towards the front door. The
text: sounds of splashing and screaming in the backyard. The sounds
text: are strange and abstract and unsettling.
text: They get louder as she gets closer to the house.
text: Kayla arrives at the front door and rings the doorbell. She
text: turns and sees Dad still parked on the street. She shoos him,
text: annoyed. He waves back and drives away.
text: The door opens. Dianne Graves stands in the doorway, smiling
dialog: a bit too wide.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: Kayylaaaa!
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hi, Mrs. Graves.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: Oh please, call me Dianne.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: Where’s your father?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: He drove away.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
text: Mmm bummer. Everyone’s out back by
dialog: the pool. Did you bring a swimsuit?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, it’s in my bag.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: Great! Come on inside and we'll get
dialog: you changed.
text: Dianne puts her hand on Kayla’s back and leads her inside,
text: closing the door behind them.
text: The foyer of the house is huge. Kayla looks around. It’s the
dialog: largest house she’s ever been in.
speaker_heading: DIANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can put your gift right over
text: there on the dining room table.
text: Dianne turns Kayla towards the dining room and a table piled
text: with wrapped birthday presents.
text: Kayla adds her small gift to the huge mass, making no
dialog: difference.
speaker_heading: DIANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll open gifts after cake. Here,
dialog: let's find you a bathroom to change
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
dialog: 27.
text: Dianne leads Kayla out of the dining room and down a hallway
text: towards the back of the house. Dianne opens one of the many
text: closed doors in the hallway.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: You can change in here. And then
text: the kids are just out back through
text: the sliding door just out there,
dialog: okay, honey?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay. Thank you, Dianne.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: No problem!
text: Kayla walks into the BATHROOM and closes the door. The party
text: outside is closer and louder now. The small marble room is
text: dark, lit only by a single bright window that flickers as
text: unseen kids run past it outside.
text: Kayla is careful to remain unseen by the party as she unpacks
text: her bag, standing close to the window's wall, out of view.
text: The shadows of the kids outside are projected on the wall
text: across from her in sharp, dizzying negatives.
text: The party’s loudness is intense and constant.
scene_heading: INT. KENNEDY'S HOUSE. MOMENTS LATER
text: Kayla walks out of the bathroom and towards the bright glow
text: of the sliding glass door. She approaches the glass. Stops.
text: Stares out into the backyard.
scene_heading: EXT. KENNEDY’S BACKYARD. LATER
text: The pool party is in full peripubescent swing. In and around
text: the pool, A DOZEN GIRLS (13-14) and another DOZEN BOYS (13-
text: 14) swim and splash and dive and yell and laugh. The boys are
text: shirtless, the girls are in bikinis.
text: The boys flirt with the girls in that aggressive,
text: antagonistic way young teens do. Splashing them to get their
text: attention. Wrestling with them just to touch them. The girls
dialog: pretend not to like it.
text: A FEW BOYS play an overly-intense game of pool basketball in
text: the shallow-end, showing off to the few girls around them
text: floating on pool noodles.
dialog: 28.
text: Kennedy does a perfect dive off the diving board, making a
text: pea-sized splash upon entry. A BOY squirts a Super Soaker at
text: a GIRL running around the perimeter of the pool.
text: It’s a hormonal frenzy. A grape soda bacchanalia.
text: BY THE HOUSE, the sliding glass door opens and Kayla makes
text: her non-entrance, wearing a green one-piece swimsuit. She
text: steps out of the house and onto the stone walkway.
text: She looks at everyone. No one looks back.
text: She walks towards the shallow end of the pool. A boy, MASON
text: (14, athletic) runs past her.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Z! Z! HIT ME! YO, Z, HIT ME!
text: Madison jumps into the pool as a BASKETBALL comes whizzing
text: towards him, which he catches and DUNKS in the hoop before
text: hitting the water. Kayla flinches from the splash.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (0O.S.)
dialog: Woo! Mason! Nice one!
text: GINA DEGROSSO (40s, sunglasses) appears beside Kayla, notices
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Oooo honey do you have sunblock?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Huh? No.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You poor thing, you’re gonna fry
dialog: without some sunblock. Here, put
dialog: your arms out.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I can do it.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: It’s a bit cold.
text: Gina SPRAYS sunblock onto Kayla’s shoulders. Kayla winces
text: with each cold squirt. Gina rubs it into Kayla’s arms and
text: shoulders. Kayla stands and takes it, looking like a 7 year-
dialog: old.
text: A FEW GIRLS on the diving board notice this and laugh.
text: Gina stops.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: GINA (CONT'D)
dialog: There you go.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (ugh)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Kayla walks toward the built-in steps in the pool’s shallow
text: end. She gets in the pool, step by step. First up to her
text: ankles, then shins, thighs, waist, stomach and finally chest.
text: The water is cold, and each step makes her inhale sharply.
text: She waddles along on her tiptoes. The water’s surface is an
dialog: embarrassing and perfect measurement of height.
text: People splash and talk all around her without acknowledging
text: her presence. Kayla doggy paddles over to an empty corner of
text: the pool and dips down in the water up to her neck. She stays
dialog: still.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: Hotdogs and hamburgers in 20
dialog: minutes!
text: On the diving board, Kennedy is being bear-hugged and
text: wrestled into the pool by TYLER (14, cute). Kayla watches.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Tyler! Seriously! Seriously!
scene_heading: SERIOUSLY! TYLER!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You're going in! Don’t fight it!
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Uurghh noooo!
text: Tyler sends Kennedy and himself into the pool in a clumsy
text: tangle. They splash and resurface, Tyler laughing, Kennedy
dialog: faux-furious.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY (CONT'D)
dialog: I hate you! Oh my GOD.
text: Kayla watches - hating it, wanting it - her chin resting on
text: the surface of the water. Then she sees something that makes
dialog: her forget how to breathe.
text: Aiden. He’s on the diving board. Shirtless. Once again, TIME
text: SLOWS and MUSIC BLASTS as he runs to the end of the board,
text: jumps and does the sexiest cannonball that Kayla has ever
text: seen. A large splash.
dialog: 30.
text: Kayla watches, mouth open slightly. He resurfaces, swims over
text: to the pool’s edge and pulls himself out. He sits on the lip
text: of the pool, looks at someone, gives them double middle
text: fingers. Incredibly cool.
text: Kayla watches him, then: BWUHHHHH - a small, wiry boy emerges
text: from the water directly beside Kayla, wearing a wet t-shirt
text: and a large pair of clunky scuba goggles. He coughs up water
text: and gasps. This is GABE (12) and he is out of breath.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: All the way. Did it all the way.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GABE
text: Swam all the way across the pool
dialog: underwater.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Oh cool.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Could’ve went further if I wanted.
text: Gabe catches his breath. Breathing through his nose and
text: fogging up his giant goggles.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s your name?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Kayla.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool, I’m Gabe - wanna see me do a
dialog: handstand?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
text: Gabe ducks underwater. A second later, his legs shoot up from
text: the water, splashing Kayla. They flail clumsily, fall over,
text: and he resurfaces, coughing and catching his breath again.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Too many people in the pool. Can't
dialog: do it for long if the water isn’t
dialog: still. How do you know Kennedy?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Um...we go to school together.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool. She’s my cousin. I’m gonna
dialog: try again--
text: He dips back down. Legs back up, splashing Kayla. He lasts a
text: second longer, resurfaces.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: Water’s not calm enough. How old
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thirteen.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool. I’m twelve. Want to doa
dialog: breath holding contest?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool. One, two, three-
text: Gabe takes a giant breath and goes underwater. Kayla, a bit
text: behind, plugs her nose, closes her eyes and does the same.
text: UNDERWATER -- Kayla uses her free hand to paddle and keep
dialog: herself submerged.
text: After ten seconds, Kayla resurfaces, panting. She wipes the
text: water off her face and looks over at Gabe. He’s floating face
text: down in the water, perfectly still, like a drowned corpse.
text: Just as Kayla is getting concerned, he resurfaces, panting.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: I won. The trick is to waste as
dialog: little energy as possible. When you
dialog: move, your body uses oxygen and
dialog: then you won’t be able to hold your
dialog: breath as long.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: That makes sense.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
scene_heading: PICTURE TIME!
text: Dianne stands by the pool’s edge with a digital camera.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Mommmm !
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: Oh hush. Girls first! GIRLS! All
dialog: girls by the diving board!
text: The girls group by the board. Kayla watches.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (to Kayla)
dialog: She said all the girls by the
dialog: diving board.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Right.
text: Kayla climbs out of the pool and walks over to the girls.
text: They are already posing together - hands on hips, peace
text: signs, arms around each other. Kayla stands in the back,
dialog: blocked.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: Make sure we can see everyone.
dialog: Kayla! Kayla! Up front, honey,
dialog: can’t see you.
text: Kayla awkwardly makes her way to the front of the group. A
text: few girls give her weird looks.
speaker_heading: DIANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: That's it.
text: The girls all pose in a tangled, wet mass - except for Kayla,
text: who crouches awkwardly up front.
speaker_heading: DIANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Smile!
dialog: (takes picture)
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Can we get one of just The Squad?
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: Sure! Okay, Squad members only for
dialog: this one.
text: Kayla AND ONLY KAYLA shuffles out of the group.
speaker_heading: DIANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Great! Smile!
text: The girls pose. They look like weird, wet ducks.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. KENNEDY’S BACKYARD. LATER
text: Everyone is sitting around a patio table, watching Kennedy
text: open her presents. Kayla looks on, wrapped in a towel,
text: shivering, standing just outside the group. Kennedy opens a
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Yessssss.
text: It’s a yellow tank top.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god, so cute.
speaker_heading: STEPH
dialog: I know you have ones like it.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Not in this color.
speaker_heading: STEPH
dialog: That’s what I was thinking.
text: Kayla sneaks a look at Aiden, who is sitting in a chair,
text: bored, towel hanging around his neck. He looks over at Kayla
text: and she immediately looks away. Dianne brings over a small
dialog: square box.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: This one is from Kayyyyla.
text: Kennedy looks up and gives Kayla a half-smile. Kayla gives
text: her a full smile and a little wave. Kennedy opens the box,
text: revealing a small, card-based board game.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: -.-what is it?.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: It’s a game, it’s really fun. You,
dialog: you um, you take turns - like
dialog: everyone gets ten cards and then
dialog: you take turns doing - you’ll see.
dialog: It’s like Go Fish but funner...
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: +-.Cool.
text: The other girls contain their laughter.
text: Kennedy puts the box aside. Kayla shrinks.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: Okay, next is Julia--
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: (singing)
scene_heading: HA-PPY BIRTH-DAY...
speaker_heading: DIANNE
dialog: MIKE, NO, MIKE-
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: DADDD! NO, IT’S NOT TIME YET.
text: MR. GRAVES (40s) enters frame carrying a very expensive cake.
speaker_heading: MR. GRAVES
dialog: OKAY, Jesus Christ, I’1l wait.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY DIANNE
dialog: OH MY GOD. Oh Mike, Mike, Mike. *
speaker_heading: MR. GRAVES
text: I PICKED THIS THING UP AT 8 IN THE
scene_heading: GODDAMN MORNING-—
scene_heading: INT. KENNEDY’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. LATER.
text: Drift through the LIVING ROOM, where the girls and boys are
text: taking turns playing a KARAOKE VIDEO GAME. Continue past
text: them, down a hallway and into the LIVING ROOM, where Kayla is
text: sitting alone on a chair by the window, talking on the phone,
dialog: quietly.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Yes...yes, please just come. The
dialog: party’s over, it ended early....I
dialog: don’t KNOW it just did, can you
dialog: please come pick me up please?
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: ...DAD...ohmygod everyone’s
dialog: leaving, I’m like the last person
dialog: here...I’m not whispering, it’s
dialog: just bad service here who cares
dialog: please just come...that’s too long.
dialog: Why can’t you come quicker?...UGHH.
dialog: Okay whatever, fine, just come
dialog: please. And don’t come inside just
dialog: text me when you’re close...thanks.
dialog: Okay...THANKS I said, I said
dialog: thanks...okay...love you too bye.
dialog: 35.
text: Kayla hangs up. Huffs. Looks down at her phone.
text: ON HER PHONE’S SCREEN: still violently
text: cracked, Kayla opens
text: twitter and begins scrolling through her feed. Scrolls down,
dialog: down, down - OUCH!
text: Kayla winces, looks at her thumb. A tiny drop of blood. She
text: cut herself on the cracked glass of her phone. Kayla puts the
text: tiny cut to her mouth.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: AIDEN (0.S.)
dialog: Oh sorry.
text: Kayla turns, freezes. It’s Him.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: .--No.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: I just gotta...
text: Aiden walks towards her, purposefully,
text: cup with a crazy straw stuck in it. He
text: her and bends down on one knee.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Wh-....
text: He reaches under her chair.
text: sipping soda from a
text: stops directly beside
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Was just grabbing my phone. Had to
dialog: charge it.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (forced)
dialog: Oh, hahahah. Yeah. My phone,
dialog: um....my phone runs out of
dialog: batteries sometimes too.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Cool.
text: Aiden is pretty dull. Kayla doesn’t notice/care. He gets up.
speaker_heading: AIDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone’s in there, you know.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Are they? Oh yeah, yeah, I was just
dialog: um....yeah, I’m going in there in a
dialog: second.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Okay.
text: Aiden leaves. Kayla catches her breath. She notices something
text: on the floor where Aiden knelt down -- HIS SODA AND CRAZY
text: STRAW. Kayla makes sure no one is watching, and then quickly
text: grabs the straw and sticks it in her back pocket.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.0.)
dialog: Hey guys! It’s Kayla! Back with
dialog: another video. Today I want to talk
dialog: about - Putting Yourself Out There.
text: She gets up and walks toward the family room.
scene_heading: INT. KENNEDY HOUSE. FAMILY ROOM —- CONTINUOUS
text: The kids are piled on couches and chairs, watching Z (13, a
text: big boy) who is standing and singing into a cheap microphone
text: in front of a giant flat-screen TV displaying a Karaoke Video
text: Game. Z is hamming it up. The others watch, laugh.
text: The scene looks raucous and loud, but we hear none of it.
text: Instead, we hear Kayla’s speech to her webcam and the quiet
text: of the bedroom in which it is being delivered.
text: Kayla enters the family room. Stops in the doorway.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Okay, so, like, “Putting Yourself
dialog: Out There”. What does that mean?
dialog: Like, Putting Yourself Out There?
dialog: Where’s There? Okay, these are all
dialog: good questions but they’re also bad
dialog: questions.
text: Kayla inches towards the couch, stands behind it, forces a
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Cause it’s really about Putting
dialog: Yourself Out Anywhere. It doesn’t
dialog: matter, like, where you do it, you
dialog: just have to do it. Just Put
dialog: Yourself Out There. Just go for it.
text: Kayla tries leaning on the couch. Tries a few different
dialog: positions.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Now Putting Yourself Out There can
dialog: be really scary.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: So if you’re scared to Put Yourself
dialog: Out There, like, don’t worry cause
dialog: that’s normal and lots of people
dialog: feel that way.
text: Z hits his final note, arms out like a diva. The kids laugh
text: and applaud. Kayla does too. Z turns and holds out the
text: microphone, saying “Who’s next? Who wants it?”.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: I used to be scared but then I Put
dialog: Myself Out There and now I do it
dialog: all the time.
text: Kayla looks around, then at Z. She clenches her jaw, then
text: raises her hand. Z notices and waves her over. Kayla slowly
text: walks towards him.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: And the first time you Put Yourself
dialog: Out There is always the hardest.
text: Kayla takes the microphone from Z. She stands in the middle
text: of the large, crowded semi-circle of kids in the family room.
dialog: She has zero stage presence.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.0.)
dialog: But once you do it, you’ll be
dialog: really glad that you did. I
dialog: promise.
text: Kayla looks up at the TV. The song starts. She begins to sing
text: quietly. Not moving. Stealing glances at the kids around her.
text: They watch, bored.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: So, like, next time you get the
dialog: chance to like play a game or sit
dialog: at a new lunch table, or like, I
dialog: don't know, go skydiving or
dialog: something, you should do it.
text: Kayla starts to sway back and forth as she sings, picking up
dialog: steam.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: But once you Put Yourself Out
dialog: There, things aren’t gonna change
dialog: right away.
text: Kayla starts getting more into it. A few hand gestures.
dialog: 38.
text: Nothing major. She closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Think of Putting Yourself Out There
dialog: like a little snowball or
dialog: something. Like you put the little
dialog: snowball up on a hill, you Put It
text: Out There, and then it’1l roll down
dialog: the hill and get bigger and bigger
dialog: and bigger.
text: Kayla sings and looks around, kids are nodding and starting
text: to smile politely. In the corner, Gabe watches, smiling huge.
text: Kayla finally sees his face without those big goggles on. He
text: is cute like her. He gives her a very real and enthusiastic
text: double thumbs up.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: The first time I Put Myself Out
dialog: There, like, nothing really changed
dialog: at first. But then I just kept
dialog: doing it and doing it and doing it.
text: Kayla keeps singing, looks at Aiden, who is texting on the
dialog: couch.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: And now I have tons of friends who
dialog: really like me and I Put Myself Out
dialog: There all the time.
text: Kayla closes her eyes and hits her big final note.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: So be brave. Put Yourself Out
dialog: There. It’s the best.
text: The song ends. She looks around. Light, unenthusiastic
text: applause from her peers. Nothing major. But for Kayla, it’s a
text: huge win. She looks around and smiles, still holding the
dialog: microphone.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BEDROOM. THAT NIGHT.
text: Kayla is at her desk, speaking to her webcam in the same
text: clothes that she was just singing in.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: As always, if you liked this video,
dialog: please share it with your friends
dialog: and subscribe to my channel. Thanks
dialog: for watching! Byeee!
dialog: 39.
text: She hits spacebar on the computer and exhales - happy.
text: She minimizes her webcam’s application and opens her internet
text: browser - it is displaying her YOUTUBE CHANNEL HOMEPAGE. The
dialog: heading reads: Kayla’s Korner: Advice for people like me.
text: Thumbnails from a dozen of her 156 videos. Titles include:
text: “KAYLA’S KORNER: Being Yourself”,”KAYLA’S KORNER: Flirting”,
scene_heading: “KAYLA’S KORNER: Dealing With Parents”, “KAYLA’S KORNER: Cool
text: Vs. Weird”. Every video has less than 20 views.
text: Kayla clicks the UPLOAD button in the upper right hand corner
text: of the screen.
text: She smiles.
scene_heading: MUSIC STARTS.
speaker_heading: BEGIN SEQUENCE:
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BATHROOM.
text: Kayla paces back and forth, stealing looks at herself in the
dialog: mirror.
text: Her face twisted into what many recognize as “I just smelled
dialog: something awful” but what Kayla recognizes as “I am cool and
dialog: I am confident and I don’t care.”
text: She has fake conversations with unseen people.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (quiet, almost mumbled)
dialog: What? Oh hey....what’s your name
dialog: again? -- cool.... yeah I'd be up
dialog: for that.... Oh heyyyy...yeah.
scene_heading: TOTALLY. HAHAHA!
scene_heading: EXT. KAYLA’S BACKYARD. AROUND THE SAME TIME
text: Kayla takes selfies in different locations. Smiling against a
text: tree. Laying in the grass.
text: BUILDING IN INTENSITY AS WE CUT BETWEEN:
dialog: - Talks in the bathroom, continuing to practice future
dialog: conversations:
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Who told you that?...someone said
dialog: that? Whoa ....yeah, totally
dialog: hahaha...it was great....it. was.
dialog: GREAT.... it was SO MUCH FUN....it
dialog: was THE BEST........
dialog: - More selfies outside.
text: - Kayla in the bathroom. She leans against the counter,
text: changing gears, making flirty eyes. She stares at someone who
dialog: is not there.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: (so flirty)
dialog: nope........ NOOOO..... thanks.......
dialog: ..-what?...... sure......
dialog: Blue
text: She reaches into her back pocket. Takes out Aiden’s crazy
dialog: straw.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: -..-I can’t believe this..... WOW...
text: She brings the straw up to her face.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: wee eee I love you too.....
text: Kayla closes her eyes, and pops the straw in her mouth.
text: - Back in her bedroom, in the clothes she was taking selfies,
text: in. She’s on her phone. She opens her Twitter profile page.
text: Clicks on her profile picture: a photo of her with her face,
text: barely visible.
text: She clicks on a small icon on the photo’s lower left hand
text: corner: CHANGE PROFILE PICTURE. She selects RECENT IPHONE
text: PHOTO UPLOADS from the menu. Chooses one the pictures she
text: just took - her in her backyard, smiling and looking directly
text: into camera.
text: She clicks UPLOAD and is brought back to her profile,
dialog: complete her new picture.
text: She stares at the screen. Smiles.
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA. LATER
text: Kayla sits by herself in the crowded cafeteria, her brown
text: bagged lunch beside her. She is writing in a large school
text: notebook, hunched over it, her face six inches from the
dialog: paper.
text: She has bisected the paper with a vertical line. On the top
text: of the left side: THINGS I WANT. On the top of the right: HOW
text: TO GET THEM. The list has been filled out on both sides -
dialog: with five or six bullets of “how”s for each corresponding
dialog: “thing.”
dialog: On the left: more confidence. To the right of that: don’t
text: slouch. smile more. speak louder.
text: On the left: more friends. On the right: make small talk. be
dialog: nice. more nice comments on peoples fb/instagram. dress
dialog: cooler.
text: On the left: a BEST friend. On the right: get more friends
dialog: first. pick favorite one. be there for her NO MATTER WHAT.
text: On the left: boyfriend (Aiden?). On the right, Kayla fills in
dialog: the solutions: flirt. be sexy. new clothes. haircut?? play it
dialog: cool.
text: The sound of girls giggling and Kayla looks up, sees someone
text: and quickly grabs a binder out of her backpack. Tucked in the
text: inside pocket of the binder, is a neatly folded piece of
text: paper with “KENNEDY” written on the outside.
text: Kayla snatches the letter and gets up from her table and
text: approaches the giggling Kennedy and her friend Steph.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Kennedy, hey.
dialog: They turn.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Hey...?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hi, thanks for letting me come to
dialog: your pool party.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I wrote you a little letter thing
dialog: just thanking you for inviting me.
dialog: 42.
text: She hands it to Kennedy, who takes it, weirded out.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: I had a ton of fun. Your house is
dialog: really cool.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Thanks...
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey Steph.
speaker_heading: STEPH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: ...if...if ever need another person
dialog: to swim with...or like if you
dialog: um...if you--
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Yeah, sure. Sounds good.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Great! Great seeing you guys! Have
dialog: a great day!
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: Cool.
text: They turn and leave. Kayla walks back to her table, smiling.
text: Then, we hear THREE LOUD GUNSHOTS.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY. MORNING.
text: A large man, a SHOOTER, wearing a Kevlar vest and a
text: Balaklava, gas cannisters attached to a military belt,
text: holding a large black automatic rifle, strolls down an empty
text: hallway. Firing shots ahead of him.
text: The shots crack and echo. GACK! GACK! GACK!
text: He steps over a downed BODY (13) and continues down the
dialog: hallway. GACK! GACK!
text: A BRAVE BOY (12) comes charging out of the boy’s bathroom
text: towards the shooter.
speaker_heading: BRAVE BOY
dialog: Oh my god! A school shooter!
dialog: 43.
text: The shooter easily picks him off - GACK! GACK! GACK! He flops
text: dramatically to the ground, “dead”.
text: At the end of the hallway, dozens of eighth-grade students
text: lean against the lockers, creating a gauntlet for the shooter
text: to walk through. The students watch him, some bored, some
text: riveted. They are not scared.
text: The Shooter removes his Balaklava, he is OFFICER TODD (50s).
text: He speaks to the students.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TODD
dialog: OKAY! Let’s give a big hand to our
text: volunteers from the drama club.
text: The students lightly applaud as the dead bodies, spattered
text: with fake blood, get up and dust themselves off and bow.
text: Kayla is leaned against a locker amongst her peers, watching
dialog: Officer Todd.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TODD (CONT’D)
dialog: Now kids, we've went over what you
dialog: should do if you hear gunshots in
dialog: the distance. And what are we
dialog: supposed to do in that situation?
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: (unison)
text: Run in the opposite direction.
text: Kayla mouths along, as her attention shifts from Officer Todd
dialog: to someone else:
text: It’s Aiden, across the hallway, looking impossibly bored,
text: banging the back of his head slowly against the locker behind
text: him. Kayla watches him. A girl beside her, DYLAN (13), bullet
text: wound in the center of her forehead, notices.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You staring at Aiden?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: He’s a dick. He dumped Chelsea
dialog: because she wouldn’t send him naked
dialog: pictures.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Wh-...really? That’s weird.
dialog: 44,
text: As Officer Todd continues to speak, we switch between Aiden,
text: being a bored brat, and Kayla, watching him, straining to
text: figure out her mysterious, sexy classmate.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TODD (0.S.)
dialog: Good. But now we’re gonna learn
dialog: about what should be done when the
text: gunshots are close. When the
text: shooter is just down the hallway or
dialog: just outside your classroom. What
dialog: you just saw was an example of what
dialog: NOT to do. If the shots are loud
dialog: and close and you are ina
dialog: classroom or bathroom, you are to
scene_heading: STAY PUT. TURN OFF THE LIGHTS. FIND
scene_heading: COVER. STAY CALM. AND, IF POSSIBLE,
scene_heading: BARRICADE THE ENTRANCE.
text: Aiden has begun trying to blow spit bubbles. Kayla stares at
text: him, biting her nails.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TODD (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: If you are within range of the
dialog: shooter, if you are in the same
dialog: hallway as the shooter, YOU ARE TO
dialog: RUN AWAY AS FAST AS YOU CAN. If you
dialog: are being shot at or feel as if you
dialog: could be being shot at, you should
text: run away in a ZIG-ZAG PATTERN. This
dialog: will make you a harder target to
text: hit. Attacking or rushing the
dialog: shooter WILL NOT WORK. Negotiating
dialog: or pleading with the shooter WILL
dialog: NOT WORK. If someone has entered
dialog: your school with a gun, you are to
dialog: assume that he or she CANNOT BE
text: REASONED WITH. If others have been
text: wounded, lying down and staying
dialog: perfectly still can work. This will
dialog: protect your vital organs and the
dialog: shooter may mistake you for one of
dialog: the dead. BUT IF YOU CAN RUN, RUN.
scene_heading: DO NOT BE A HERO. SAVE YOURSELF. BE
dialog: YOUR OWN HERO AND SAVE YOURSELF.
text: Kayla stares at Aiden.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM. LATER
text: The students sit at their desks. MR. DANKERT (30s, quiet)
text: stands at the front of the classroom. They are all waiting
text: for something. An announcement on the intercom:
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN'S VOICE (INTERCOM)
text: COACH RED to the main office. COACH
dialog: RED to the main office, please.
speaker_heading: MR. DANKERT
dialog: Alright, guys, that’s the signal.
text: He turns off the lights. All the students take cover under
text: their desks.
speaker_heading: MR. DANKERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, everyone please be respectful
dialog: of the drill and stay quiet. Should
dialog: only be a few minutes.
text: Mr. Dankert climbs under his desk. In the back, Kayla is
text: crouched under hers. Across the room, she sees Aiden, under
text: his desk, playing a game on his phone. She makes a decision
text: and slowly crawls towards him.
text: She passes other students who give her weird looks as she
text: crawls on all fours across the classroom. She arrives at
text: Aiden. She whispers.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey.
text: He looks over at her, doesn’t care, goes back to his phone.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Whatcha doing?
speaker_heading: AIDEN
text: Playing a game.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Cool......eeeee you excited for high
dialog: school next year?
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Yeah. Should be cool.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, totally, I was thinking the
dialog: same thing. I think it’1l be cool,
dialog: too.
dialog: A silence.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: (making small talk)
dialog: You think there’d ever be an actual
dialog: shooting here?
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: I wish.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, me too........ Why do you wish
dialog: there was one?
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Cause I’d fuck him up. Take his gun
text: and elbow him right in the jaw, lay
dialog: him out. I wouldn’t be sitting
text: under my desk like a pussy that’s
dialog: for sure.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, you would fuck him up.
dialog: Totally. He’d be screwed.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Yep.
text: After a long silence, Kayla takes out her phone. Starts
text: scrolling through it. She keeps looking up at Aiden as she
text: does it, seeing if he’s looking over at her. He’s not.
text: She pretends to see something on her phone that surprises her
text: and she holds the phone to her chest, hiding the screen.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Whoa...oh man, that was close. That
dialog: was almost really embarrassing.
text: She waits for Aiden to ask her about what just happened, he
dialog: doesn’t.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god that was so funny. Aiden,
dialog: guess what just happened?
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: (doesn’t care)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Oh my god it’s so embarrassing, I
dialog: can’t even say it.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Okay.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: ...I opened my phone to look at
dialog: Instagram and I accidentally opened
dialog: my photo section, and thank god no
dialog: one was looking over my shoulder,
dialog: because a dirty photo I took the
dialog: other night came up.
text: Aiden looks up, immediately interested. This first taste of
text: Aiden’s undivided attention nearly paralyzes Kayla.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: ...really?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (words barely forming)
dialog: ..-yeah...so embarrassing...
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: What was the photo of?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Just..... me.
text: Aiden looks her up and down.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Doing what?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Just..... hangin’ out.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: -..-Can I see it?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No, cause...those pictures are for
dialog: my boyfriend only.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Who’s your boyfriend?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: --.um...I don’t...I don’t have one
dialog: right now. But I take lots of dirty
dialog: pictures so that I’1l have plenty
dialog: to send my boyfriend once I have
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: «+.-do you give blowjobs?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: ..-um-
text: The lights turn on.
speaker_heading: MR. DANKERT
dialog: Okay, everyone back up.
text: Kayla looks up, panicked that she’s not at her seat.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (to Aiden)
dialog: Okay, nice talking to you.
speaker_heading: AIDEN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: To answer your question, though,
dialog: yes I do. I do give them and I’m
dialog: really good at it.
text: Aiden watches Kayla scoot away, intrigued, maybe even
dialog: interested.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BEDROOM. DAY
text: Kayla sits on her bed, cross-legged. Her laptop in front of
text: her. She has a small, plastic bag of Cheez-Its.
text: ON THE SCREEN - Google's homepage. Kayla types in the search
text: bar: “how to give a blowjob”. She pauses. Adds a word: “how
text: to give a great blowjob.” She hits enter and is brought to
dialog: the results page.
text: A list of helpful articles: “BLOW LIKE A PRO: 5 WAYS TO SUCK
text: IT LIKE A PORNSTAR.” “eHOW: THE INS AND OUTS OF THE BLOWJOB.”
text: “THE ART OF HEAD: LEARN HOW TO PLEASE HIM.”
text: Kayla scans. Rather than clicking on one of the links, she
text: clicks on the Google’s VIDEO tab and is brought to the video
dialog: results page.
text: The first link is to a video entitled, “BLOWJOB TIPS FROM
scene_heading: PROFESSIONAL BJ ARTIST LEXXI MAZE.” Kayla clicks on the link
text: and is brought to the porn site.
text: A large triangular play button is superimposed over a
speaker_heading: screenshot of LEXXI MAZE ("18").
dialog: 49,
text: Kayla clicks the play button and the video starts. Lexxi sits
text: on a well-lit couch and speaks to camera.
speaker_heading: LEXXI MAZE
dialog: Heyyy guys, I’m Lexxi Maze and I’m
dialog: here to teach you guys how to give
dialog: a really good blowjob. Okay...so
dialog: first thing you’re gonna want to do
dialog: is get it wet--
text: Kayla winces, turns down the volume on her laptop. Lexxi’s
text: voice is heard, quieter now.
speaker_heading: LEXXI MAZE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: A dry blowjob is a bad blow job. So
dialog: make sure you’re well hydrated
dialog: before you start.
text: Even the low volume is too much. Kayla reaches over to her
text: desk, grabs her earbuds, and plugs them into the computer.
text: Lexxi’s voice stops. Now we hear just a vague buzzing from
text: the earbuds as Kayla puts them in her ears and listens.
text: Kayla watches the screen intensely as Lexxi says and does God
dialog: knows what. We don’t see the screen or hear Lexxi. We just
text: watch Kayla as she nibbles on Cheez-Its and tries to take
dialog: everything in.
text: Kayla winces. Squints.
text: She stops eating her Cheez-Its. Can’t even chew them.
text: Kayla clenches her jaw. Covers part of the screen with her
text: hand. Looks away, looks back. This is way too much.
text: Kayla shuts her laptop.
text: Takes her earbuds out.
text: Stares straight ahead.
text: The room is quiet.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. MOMENTS LATER
text: Kayla stands at the refrigerator. She opens the freezer,
text: looks around, moves a few things. Nothing. She tries the
text: fridge. Opens a few drawers. Nothing.
text: She slowly turns toward the kitchen counter. There, in a
text: large wooden bowl, atop half a dozen red delicious apples, is
text: A BUNCH OF BANANAS.
dialog: 50.
text: Kayla walks toward them like a nervous bride. She picks up
text: the entire bunch. Looks at it. Looks at each of the five
text: bananas. Picks one, yanks it from the bunch, and returns the
dialog: rest to the bowl.
text: Kayla leans against the counter. She grips the banana and
text: holds it a foot away from her face, pointing it at her mouth
text: like a microphone (stem down).
text: She stares at it. She stares hard. It is yellow and brown and
text: weird-looking. She closes her eyes and just as she opens her
dialog: mouth:
text: The front door opens and Dad enters - wearing work boots and
text: jeans spattered with white paint. Kayla jumps and lowers the
text: banana (still holds it). Acts casual.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Hey. Sorry, didn’t mean to scare
dialog: ya.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You didn’t.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Whatcha up to?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Cool. School was good?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Good. I ran into uh...... is that a
dialog: banana?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (too quick)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You having a banana?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Oh, yeah, I was just grabbing a
dialog: banana.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I thought you hated bananas.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: .--No.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Cause I swear like a month ago I
dialog: asked you if you wanted a banana
dialog: and then you got all mad because
dialog: you said that you hate bananas and
dialog: I always forget that you hate
dialog: bananas. I actually think I wrote a
dialog: note for it on my app thing so I
dialog: wouldn’t forget.
text: Dad takes out his iPhone and plays with it.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: .--it’s...it should be like...yeah,
dialog: here, look--
text: He holds up his phone, showing the note he wrote.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: “Kayla hates bananas.” I wrote it
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Well I don’t hate them anymore.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: That’s great. Yeah, you always
dialog: gotta check to see if you still
dialog: hate stuff.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Mhmm...
text: A silence with only one solution. Kayla grabs a hold of the
text: stem and peels the banana. Dad watches her, smiling. Kayla
text: does her best not to react to that smell she hates so much.
text: Kayla slowly brings the peeled banana to her mouth. She
text: closes her eyes and opens her mouth. The banana goes in. She
text: bites, chews, tries not to gag, tears welling in her eyes.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You sure you like them?
text: Kayla closes her eyes. Tries to swallow. Can’t.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: You really don’t seem to be
dialog: enjoying that.
text: More chewing. Tries to swallow again. Gags.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Honey, you don’t look like--
text: Kayla SPITS out the banana.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
text: FINE! I DON’T LIKE BANANAS. HAPPY?!
text: She throws the banana at her father. It hits him in the
text: chest. He is too confused to flinch. Kayla storms out of the
text: kitchen and into her room, slamming the door shut.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: +-+-mo clue...
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BEDROOM. LATER THAT NIGHT.
text: Kayla lies on her bed, her laptop open on her chest. She
dialog: types into Google: things that are shaped like bananas.
text: Her phone buzzes.
text: A notification: one new instagram message.
dialog: It’s Gabe.
dialog: He’s written: hey kayla!
dialog: She responds: hey!
dialog: Gabe: thanks for exepting my friend request.
dialog: Kayla: no prob!
text: Gabe: it’s gab from kennedy’s pool party.
dialog: Gabe: GABE I mean.
dialog: Kayla: yea i know. how r u?
dialog: Gabe: i’m good. u?
dialog: Kayla: me too.
dialog: Gabe: cool.
text: When Gabe types, Kayla can see via a message in the chatbox
text: saying, “GABE IS TYPING...” He types. Stops. Types again.
text: Stops. His next thought is going through a few drafts.
text: A KNOCK on the door. Kayla closes her laptop.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah?
text: The door opens. Dad pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: How ya doin?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Good...me too...
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: So you got the high school thing
dialog: tomorrow right? The shadow thing?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: That’s cool. That’1l be fun.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Cool...can’t wait to hear about it.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: .--Alright, well good night, I love
dialog: you, don’t stay up too late.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Just so you know, you don’t have
dialog: to...I’m not mad, I’m just saying
dialog: you don’t have to worry about me
dialog: anymore cause I’m actually doing
dialog: really good and my life is really
dialog: amazing.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: ...that’s awesome. That’s great.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah...okay, goodnight.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Night. Love you.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Love you too.
text: Dad closes the door.
text: Kayla sits in the dark. Doesn’t move. After a long silence,
text: she closes her eyes and whispers into the dead air:
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dear God. Tomorrow is a really
dialog: important day for me and it would
dialog: really mean a lot if you could make
dialog: it a good day. I know everyday
dialog: can’t be a good day but if tomorrow
dialog: could be a good one I would really
dialog: appreciate it. Even if, like, I
dialog: have to have a bunch of bad days
dialog: sometime in the future, I’1l take
dialog: that if it means that tomorrow can
dialog: be a really, really good day.
dialog: That’s all. Thank you. Love, Kayla.
text: Kayla sits in the dark. Then opens her laptop again. The
text: light is sudden and intense. She doesn’t react.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. BUS. MILES GROVE HIGH MORNING
text: A bus-load of eighth graders parked outside MILES GROVE HIGH.
text: The kids talk and laugh and goof around. Kayla sits against
text: one of the windows toward the back of the bus. She is
text: attentive, quiet, nervous, ready for something.
text: Mr. McDaniel stands at the front of the bus, no one pays
text: attention to him - except for Kayla, who sits up straight and
text: listens very carefully.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL
dialog: Settle down! Settle! Okay, you are
dialog: all here as part of the High School
dialog: Shadow Program...we’re going to all
dialog: walk in as a group, then you will
dialog: be individually paired with one of
dialog: the students from Miles Grove High.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (CONT’D)
dialog: You will stay with that one person
dialog: for the entire school day. You are
dialog: not, I repeat, NOT to leave their
dialog: side. These students volunteered
dialog: and are here to help you and guide
dialog: you through a day of high school.
dialog: Some of you will be paired with
dialog: freshmen, others will be paired
dialog: with sophomores or juniors. So
dialog: please be respectful and take it
dialog: all in. This should be a learning
dialog: experience.
text: In the back, Kayla is listening, nodding.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: This is your chance to get a
dialog: glimpse of what life will be like
dialog: for you next year. So pay
dialog: attention.
text: Kayla listens to this intensely, psyching herself up.
speaker_heading: MR. MCDANIEL (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: And have fun.
scene_heading: INT. MILES GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY. LATER
text: The hallway is crowded with high school kids. They are
text: bigger. Older. They talk and move and load things in and out
text: of lockers. Then, from within the chaos, a LINE OF MIDDLE
text: SCHOOLERS, moving slowly down the middle of the hallway,
text: bisecting the crowd.
text: The middle schoolers move in single file - and each middle
text: schooler has his or her right arm attached to the right
text: shoulder of the person in front of him or her. They march,
text: like prisoners through the gauntlet of the older kids.
text: And somewhere in the line is Kayla, her eyes scanning
text: everything around her.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL- STUDY ROOM. LATER
text: Kayla sits as various high school students pair off with
text: Kayla’s classmates. She scans the crowd for her potential
text: Shadow. A BIG WEIRD KID (16) walks towards Kayla, Kayla sees
text: him, freezes, horrified.
speaker_heading: GIRL’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Kayla?
dialog: 56.
text: Kayla turns to see OLIVIA (16). Kayla is immediately nervous
dialog: to impress her.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: I’m Olivia.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (so excited)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Ohmygod you’re so cute.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hahaha th--...thanks!
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY. MOMENTS LATER
text: Kayla walks as close to Olivia as possible.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: So, you excited to be a freshman?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Totally, yeah.
speaker_heading: SOME BOY (17) passes.
speaker_heading: SOME BOY
dialog: Yo Liv - Martin got it.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Shut UP.
speaker_heading: SOME BOY
dialog: I’m serious.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Oh my god.
text: Olivia laughs as the boy laughs and passes. Kayla laughs too.
speaker_heading: BABS (16)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Stupid inside joke.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Oh cool.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: So I have like two study periods
dialog: today, which is sweet cause we
dialog: won't be, like, sitting in boring
dialog: ass classes all day--
speaker_heading: OLIVIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling to someone)
dialog: Babs! Babs, did you do the thing
dialog: for Kiley’s class?
text: stands by her locker.
speaker_heading: BABS
dialog: Fuck no.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Thank god.
text: Olivia and Kayla keep walking. Kayla looks at Olivia, in
text: complete awe of her. Olivia has everything that Kayla could
dialog: possibly want.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Feel free to ask me any questions.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay, cool. Um...how do uh...or um,
dialog: why is...
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: If you don’t have a question yet,
dialog: it’s fine.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Ohmygod you are literally the
dialog: cutest. I think we’re best friends.
dialog: Is it okay if we’re already best
dialog: friends?
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hahah! Yeah, yeah, totally.
text: They continue down the hall, Kayla unable to wipe the smile
text: off her face.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.0.)
dialog: Hey guys! It’s Kayla, back with
dialog: another video. So today I want to
dialog: talk about - GROWING. UP.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - CLASSROOM. LATER.
text: Kayla sits at a small desk in the back of a crowded
text: classroom. She is half the size of every other kid.
text: All the students look forward, staring bored at an unseen
text: teacher. Kayla looks all around her, smiling, so happy to be
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Okay, so Growing Up can be a little
dialog: bit scary and weird but it’s also
dialog: really good because you get to
dialog: change things that you might not
dialog: like about yourself and that’s good
dialog: because change is a good thing.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL DANCE STUDIO. LATER.
text: Kayla sits against the wall of the studio. We pull back to
text: reveal the dance class that Kayla is observing. She smiles,
dialog: truly happy.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Okay, so I’m an eighth grader which
dialog: means next year I will be in HIGH
dialog: SCHOOL. Now high school is a lot
dialog: different than middle school
dialog: because middle school is, like,
dialog: really, um, like, well, in middle
dialog: school everyone is a lot younger
dialog: than high schoolers and when you're
dialog: young, you haven’t changed as much
dialog: as when you’re older.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL AMPHITHEATER. LATER.
text: Kayla sits and eats lunch with Olivia who is chatting and
text: laughing with her friend ANIYAH. Kayla watches, smiling, in
dialog: awe.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: So, yeah, high schoolers have
dialog: changed more than middle schoolers
dialog: and since change is a good thing
dialog: that means that high schoolers are
dialog: really good. Okay - next thing
dialog: about Growing Up. Um...yeah, okay
dialog: SO...
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL FOYER. LATER.
text: Olivia and Kayla stand by the trophy case, exchanging numbers
text: in each other’s phones. They hug, say goodbye, and Kayla
text: walks out of the high school and into the dizzying rush of
text: high schoolers leaving school for the day.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: ..-yeah, okay, so the thing about
dialog: Growing Up is that it’s GOING TO
text: HAPPEN. So DON’T FIGHT IT. Some
dialog: parts of Growing Up will be hard
dialog: and not good but I promise that
dialog: Growing Up will eventually get
dialog: REALLY GOOD. I used to be afraid of
dialog: Growing Up but then I realized that
dialog: it’s going to make everything
dialog: better and now I can’t WAIT to Grow
dialog: Up.
text: Kayla looks around, taking everything in, smiling.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BEDROOM. LATER THAT DAY.
text: Kayla speaks to her webcam.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Cool. Okay. If you liked this video
dialog: please share it and subscribe to my
dialog: channel. Thanks for watching!
dialog: Byeee!
text: Kayla hits the spacebar to stop the recording.
text: She takes her phone out of her pocket and unlocks it. Goes to
text: her CONTACT LIST. Scrolls through the few names she has, down
text: to a contact named: OLIVIA HIGH SCHOOL.
text: She opens the contact. It’s a phone number. She stares at the
dialog: screen.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: (practicing)
dialog: Hey, Olivia!....Hey, Olivia, it’s
dialog: Kayla, just checkin’ in!...Hey,
dialog: Olivia, it’s Kayla, just wanted to
dialog: call and say thank you for today I
dialog: had a ton of fun....
text: Kayla takes a deep breath. Presses the number, holds the
text: phone up to her ear. Waits. It rings. Once. Twice. He
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA ON PHONE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey...
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BEDROOM. LATER.
text: Kayla paces the length of her room, earbud headphones in.
text: She's holding the small microphone attached to one of the two
text: headphones’ wires up to her mouth.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, yeah, totally.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA (0.S.)
dialog: (voice distorted through
dialog: headphones )
dialog: It’s like, honestly, like screw
dialog: those girls, they’re just trying so
dialog: hard to be cool.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hahaha, yeah, totally.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: I mean it, Kayla, don’t stress
dialog: about that stuff.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thanks. I won't.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Eighth grade is the worst. It’s
dialog: THE. WORST. I was a complete mess
dialog: when I when was your age.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Really??
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Oh my god, yes.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Haha, wow...hey, I just want to say
dialog: thank you so much for talking to
dialog: me. I wasn’t sure if calling you
dialog: would be weird.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Ohmygod not weird at all, anytime
dialog: Kayla, I gave you my number, this
dialog: is what it’s for.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hahaha thanks. It’s really nice to
dialog: just be able to talk to someone
dialog: that’s older and cool and stuff.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Well I don’t know how cool I am.
text: Olivia laughs, Kayla doesn't.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (not getting it)
dialog: I actually think you're prettty
dialog: cool
dialog: (then)
dialog: I actually don’t have a ton of
dialog: friends at school, cause everyone’s
dialog: stupid like you said, so it’s
dialog: really cool that you’re being nice
dialog: to me cause you’re really cool
dialog: hahaha.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: I made all of my close friends in
dialog: high school. All that’s stuff gonna
dialog: happen for you.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hahaha thanks.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Hey, I don’t know if you’re around
dialog: or allowed or whatever, but me and
text: some friends are heading to the
dialog: mall to just hang if you feel like
dialog: you wanna come.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
text: Kayla stops, hangs up the phone, rips her earbuds out, and
text: FREAKS - doing little hops, exhaling, breathing heavy. So
dialog: excited.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
scene_heading: OhmygodohmygodohmygodOHMYGOD .
text: She takes a deep breath, tries to quickly calm herself. She
text: picks up her phone off the bed, unplugs the earbuds, dials,
text: holds the phone to her ear, closes her eyes and waits.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: ....-HEY! Sorry about that, I have
dialog: bad service at my house. I’d love
dialog: to hang out if that’s still-
dialog: ...GREAT, COOL....COOL...Cool,
dialog: yeah, cool. Okay, cool, great. See
dialog: you then!...Okay...you too--I mean,
dialog: me too hahaha. Yeah, cool. Okay!
dialog: Bye!
text: Kayla hangs up, sits on her bed. She smiles.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S HOUSE - KITCHEN. LATER
text: Dad washes dishes in the sink.
text: Kayla watches him, unseen, getting ready to approach.
text: She takes a deep breath and steps forward.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Dad?
dialog: Dad turns.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Yeah? What’s up? Something wrong?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: .-..-Can I go out with my friends
dialog: tonight?
dialog: 63.
text: Dad stares at her. Turns off the sink. Turns back towards
text: her. Stares. Not sure how to proceed.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: ...it’s a Tuesday.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: --.-is it kids from school?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Do I know them?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I don’t know...No...
speaker_heading: DAD
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: But it’s Tuesday.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You're always saying that I need to
dialog: do more stuff and not just sit
dialog: around all the time and now I
dialog: finally have something to do and I
dialog: know it’s a school night but
dialog: school’s almost over and classes
dialog: don’t even matter anymore...
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: ...What do you want me to say,
dialog: Kayla?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Daddd.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I’m ASKING. I’m really asking you.
dialog: What should I do here? I’m happy
dialog: you're making friends.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I already have friends, these are
dialog: friends I’ve had for a while now.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Good, I’m glad, that’s awesome. And
dialog: I want you to hang out with them,
dialog: Kayla, I really do. It’s just, it’s
dialog: Tuesday.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
text: I KNOW IT’S TUESDAY, STOP SAYING
speaker_heading: THAT.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Why are you angry at me right
dialog: now??? You asked me a question and
dialog: I’m just thinking about it, I’m not
dialog: even saying ‘no’ yet.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Because it’s..... You know everyone
dialog: else my age just sneaks out and
dialog: doesn’t ask their dad if they can
dialog: do stuff but I’m too scared cause
dialog: I’m a loser so I ask you and then
dialog: this happens.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I’m glad you asked me, I want you
dialog: to ask me.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Go...go hang out with your friends.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thank you.
text: Kayla leaves.
dialog: Comes back.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you drive me?
scene_heading: INT. CAR. LATER.
text: Dad drives. Stares ahead. Kayla texts on her phone, squinting
text: as if in slight pain.
text: On Kayla’s screen, a text from Olivia: we just got here xo
dialog: =))))
dialog: Kayla responds: cool! i’m almost there!
dialog: 65.
text: Contrary to her emoticon, Kayla is nervous, agitated. She
text: notices her father. Goes back to texting. Looks up again.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Can you not look like that please?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Wh-? What, like what?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Just like the way you’re looking.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Looking at the road?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You can look at the road, Dad,
dialog: obviously I didn’t mean that. Just
dialog: don’t be so weird and quiet while
dialog: you do it.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (getting annoyed)
dialog: Sorry.....-. so how was the Shadow--
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No - it’s fine that you were being
dialog: quiet. Just don’t be weird and
dialog: quiet. Cause I look over at you and
dialog: it looks like you’re about to drive
dialog: us into a tree or something and
dialog: then I get freaked out and can’t
dialog: text my friends, so just be quiet
dialog: and drive. But just don’t look so
dialog: weird and sad. Please.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (gritting teeth)
dialog: ...Okay.
text: Kayla texts. Dad looks out the window and tries to look
text: happily out the window. It’s creepier than before.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (not looking up)
dialog: That’s worse.
scene_heading: EXT. MALL. LATER.
text: Dad and Kayla pull up to the front entrance of the mall.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Pick you up in an hour? Two?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I’1l text you.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Okay, not too late...Is everything
dialog: all right? You seem a little--
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: ...Okay, have fun.
text: Kayla leaves and walks toward the mall. It’s huge.
dialog: Blue
text: The sky is getting dark.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - CORRIDOR. MOMENTS LATER.
text: Kayla walks through the mall.
text: The light is nauseous. Each store a giant terrarium.
text: She looks down at her phone. A text from Olivia: we’re in the
dialog: food court btw
text: Kayla stops and texts back: great! walking there now.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - FOOD COURT. MOMENTS LATER
text: A table full of friends: Olivia, ANIYAH (17), TREVOR (17) and
speaker_heading: RILEY (16).
text: They talk shit and laugh.
text: Kayla approaches. Nervous and smiling.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Kayla!
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey.
text: Olivia jumps up and hugs her.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Guys, this is Kayla. She’s was my
dialog: shadow and she’s suuuuper chill.
dialog: This is Aniyah, I think you met
dialog: Aniyah today, Trevor, and Riley.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: THE GROUP
dialog: Hi/hey/What’s up.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Are you hungry?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Are you sure? We’re gonna eat I
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, cool I can eat.
scene_heading: INT. FOOD COURT. A LITTLE LATER
text: The group is now mid-meal, eating shitty food court food.
text: Kayla sits beside Olivia. Observing.
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: I swear to GOD.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Ohmygod WHAT? Nononono.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: His feet?
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: No, MY feet.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: He DM’d you a picture of your OWN
speaker_heading: FEET?
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: Yesss this is what I’m saying.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: He’s just trying to be nice.
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: NICE?? He’s a PERRRVV.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: You'd know.
dialog: 68.
text: Riley laughs.
dialog: A silence.
dialog: I’m not.
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: What’s funny about that, Riley?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: I don’t know, just the way he said
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: How did he say it?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Why am I being yelled at?
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: This is yelling to you?
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: Are you bored, Kayla?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: You looked bored.
speaker_heading: KAYLA OLIVIA
dialog: Trev. Stopp.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s kidding.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: I’m not judging her, we’re boring.
dialog: She's right to be bored. She’s a
dialog: different generation.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: She’s not a different generation.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: Yes she is.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: She’s four years younger than us.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: When did you get snapchat? What
dialog: grade?
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Fifth?
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
speaker_heading: FIFTH GRADE???
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: See? She’s wired different.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: She’s not wired different.
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: Were kids like sending each other
dialog: nudes in fifth grade??
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Ewww, Aniyah, don’t ask that.
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: Why not??
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: Liv, don’t kids four years older
dialog: than us feel like twenty years
dialog: older than us??
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: Your sister?
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: My sister just sucks.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: Whatever, but like on top of that:
dialog: we had twitter in middle school and
dialog: your sister didn’t, that made us
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: You're not different than us,
dialog: Kayla.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: I’m not saying it’s a bad thing.
dialog: I’m just saying she had a different
dialog: experience than us.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Let's just drop this.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: Okay, Jesus Christ, it was just
dialog: like a fun point.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
speaker_heading: TREVOR
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: .--I like the filters on snapchat.
dialog: They’re fun.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Me too.
text: Aniyah is staring off at to something in the distance,
text: looking weirded out.
speaker_heading: ANIYAH
dialog: Okay, like, don’t all look at the
dialog: same time but like some creepy ass
dialog: dude has been staring at us for
text: five minutes acting like he’s not.
dialog: I’ve seen him pass by like four
dialog: times.
text: Trevor goes to turn.
speaker_heading: ANIYAH (CONT'D)
dialog: DON’T. Don’t look obvious. In the
dialog: shorts.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Shorts?
speaker_heading: TREVOR
dialog: Yeah, I see him. Orange shirt.
text: Kayla knows before she even looks:
text: DAD. In the distance. Trying to look casual. Kayla looks
text: over. Dad scurries away, hoping he wasn’t seen.
text: Back at the table, Kayla has gone white. So angry, so
text: embarrassed. She tries not to show it.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I....I think I actually left
dialog: something in a store by accident. I
dialog: gotta go get it.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Okay, you want me to come with?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No, thank you.
text: Kayla gets up.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, I just forgot this thing, I
dialog: gotta go get it.
text: Kayla rushes away, head down, trying to contain it all.
scene_heading: INT. MALL CORRIDOR. MOMENTS LATER
text: CLOSE ON - a FIVE DOLLAR BILL going into an INSERT BILL HERE
dialog: slot.
text: Wider reveals, Kayla standing at one of those CLAW MACHINE
text: games. She stares into the pit of stuffed animals. Furious.
text: Wanting to cry, wanting to scream.
text: The claw lowers, grabs onto a stuffed animal, and lifts, the
text: grip too weak, the claw sliding off it, the animal remaining
dialog: where it was.
text: He approaches.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Kayla, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Don’t talk to me.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I‘1l lean against the wall, okay?
dialog: No one will know we’re talking.
dialog: 72.
text: Dad leans against the wall beside the machine. Dad has to
text: look through the glass to see her.
text: Kayla keeps staring at the game. Never looking up. The claw
text: lowers again. Slips again.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: I wasn’t spying on you.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I didn’t mean to spy on you...I was
dialog: just...I’m sorry...
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I’m just a weirdo. This is just me
dialog: being weird and doing weirdo stuff,
dialog: I’m sorry, I just....suck.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: ee ee eee I’m sorry. You have fun with
dialog: your friends.
text: The claw lowers. Slips.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I’m sorry. Text me when you want me
dialog: to pick you up.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I‘1l get a ride home.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: rs okay......
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: eeeee okay, have fun. I love you.
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: 73.
text: Dad turns to leave, turns back. Takes a twenty out of his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Here take...
text: She stays still, doesn’t reach for it. Dad places it in front
text: of her on the machine.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Have fun.
dialog: Dad leaves.
text: The claw lowers.
scene_heading: INT. MALL CORRIDOR. MOMENTS LATER
text: Kayla walks with a small stuffed elephant in her hand. She
text: walks toward the food court.
text: Stops. Looks at the elephant, then around for a place to bail
text: it. Walks over to a trash can.
text: A MOTHER her young DAUGHTER (3) pass.
text: Kayla makes a quick decision.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Um, I won this at the claw game and
dialog: I can’t keep it so does she want
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That’s so nice.
dialog: (soft voice, to daughter)
dialog: Wow, Lulu, look it’s just like Mr.
dialog: Noodles.
text: Kayla holds it out. The little girl takes it.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you say, Lulu?
speaker_heading: DAUGHTER
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You’re welcome.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That’s so nice, thank you.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No problem. Have a good night.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You too.
text: They walk away. Kayla stands in place. She smiles.
scene_heading: BEGIN SEQUENCE: KAYLA AND THE HIGH SCHOOL KIDS
scene_heading: INT. MALL - VARIOUS. NIGHT
text: The group wanders around the mall, doing the random, aimless
dialog: shit kids do:
text: - The group tries on sunglasses from a kiosk. Olivia puts a
text: giant pair on Kayla. They both laugh.
text: - The group walks down the corridor. Kayla the shortest,
text: smiling, just so happy to be part of all this.
dialog: - Trevor rides one of those stupid kiddie rides, squeezing
text: his huge frame onto it. Aniyah watches, laughing and rolling
text: * her eyes. Kayla, Olivia and Riley ride on a mini carousel.
dialog: *
text: - Kayla and Olivia in a photobooth taking pictures together.
text: - The group wanders into a clothing store. Tries on stuff.
dialog: - They get cookies.
dialog: - They smell candles.
dialog: The group does all the silly, stupid things kids do at a
text: mall, Kayla laughs and smiles, Olivia looks out for her,
text: making sure Kayla is having a good time.
dialog: And she is.
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. RILEY’S CAR. LATER
text: Riley drives. Olivia sits shotgun. Kayla in the seat directly
text: behind Riley. Just the three of them. Olivia has turned in
text: her seat to face more towards Kayla. The group laughs.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Aniyah and Trev need to CHILLL.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: I know. It’s like I can’t say
dialog: anything around them.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: They can just be....a lot.
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thanks for driving me.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: No worries, we’re all in the same
dialog: sort of area.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Did you have fun, Kayla?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, totally.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Good. I’m glad. You’re so easy and
dialog: fun and to be around. Isn’t she?
text: Riley laughs.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Totally.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: That’s what high school’s gonna be
dialog: like for you, Kayla, just easy,
dialog: fun, screwing around. It’s all just
dialog: stupid, you know? Everyone’s as
dialog: stupid as you.
text: Kayla laughs.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not saying you're stupid, I
dialog: just mean, you know, everyone's
dialog: dumb and you just get to be dumb
dialog: together.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hahaha, I know what you mean.
text: The car turns.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: You wanna drop her off first?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: You're right here.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: We should get her back, it’s late.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: It’s fine!
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, all good.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Okay, cool.
text: The car stops. Olivia gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA (CONT'D)
dialog: This was fun!
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Totally!
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Let’s hang out again soon!
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: That'd be awesome!
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Cool. Okay, you’re great, you’re
dialog: awesome, you’re the best,
dialog: goodnight.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hahaha night.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: Bye Riles.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Byyyye.
text: Olivia closes the door.
text: The car pulls away.
text: Just Riley and Kayla now. Riley driving. Kayla in the
text: behind him.
text: It’s quiet for a while.
speaker_heading: RILEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Olivia's cool, yeah?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Totally. She’s the best.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Yeah, we’re like best friends.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: That’s awesome.
speaker_heading: RILEY
speaker_heading: KAYLA
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Kind of awkward talking when you're
text: in the back seat.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah hahaha.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Here, hold on.
dialog: 77.
dialog: seat
text: Riley pulls the car over on the side of the street and stops.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Should I get in the front?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: No, it’s all good.
text: Riley turns off the car. And gets out.
dialog: 78.
text: Kayla waits, frozen in the back seat. Not quite sure what is
text: happening right now.
text: Riley enters the back seat from the passenger side and sits
text: beside Kayla.
text: Kayla smiles at him, nervous, then faces ahead.
speaker_heading: RILEY (CONT’D)
dialog: So...you excited about next year?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, totally.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: You should be. You’re like the
dialog: coolest freshman I’ve met and
dialog: you’re not even a freshman yet.
text: Kayla laughs, shifts.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: You gotta be careful with guys,
dialog: though. They’1ll be all over you
dialog: next year.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (taken aback, blushing)
dialog: Wh-...really?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Oh definitely. They’11 all want
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Haha yeah right.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: I’m serious.
text: A long silence. Then:
speaker_heading: RILEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Truth or Dare?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Truth or Dare? You play Truth or
dialog: Dare before?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: ...yeah.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Truth or Dare?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Um...... truth.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Okayyy.-....- uhhhh....how far have
dialog: you gone?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: ..-how far have I gone?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Yeah, like...first base, second
dialog: base--
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Oh yeah, totally, I know, I was
dialog: just thinking...trying to
dialog: remember...like recently or all
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: All time.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hm..... probably....third?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Whoa.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You know what actually just second
dialog: I think, I get confused and mix
dialog: second and third up sometimes haha.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: ..-You’re funny...It’s okay if you
dialog: haven't done anything.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: ....yeah....
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Wanna ask me?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay...How far have you gone?
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: No, Truth or Dare?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Oh Ha ha, yeah, durrr, um, Truth or
dialog: Dare?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Dare.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay....um....
text: Kayla looks around, trying to think of something. She bends
text: down, picks up something.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Put this quarter in your mouth.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Ew!!
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Sorry, you don’t have to, what do
dialog: you want to do?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: (pretending to think)
dialog: Um....I don’t know...I could take
dialog: off my shirt? Is that stupid?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (forgetting to breathe)
dialog: seca no.
text: Riley takes off his shirt. Kayla blushes hard. Tries not to
text: look. Heart pounding out of her chest.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Truth or Dare?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: weneee Truth.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Aw you’re no fun.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: ee eee Okay....Dare....
text: A long silence. The worst.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Take your shirt off.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Um...I'm not really comfortable
dialog: with that.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Do you think I'm comfortable right
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Heh-uh...
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: Just relaxxx, take a deep breath,
dialog: it's fine, come on, take your shirt
dialog: off.
text: He touches her shoulder. She explodes.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: NO.
dialog: (then, tiny)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Riley backs off. Kayla frozen.
text: After a moment. Riley puts his shirt back on.
scene_heading: INT. RILEY’S CAR. LATER
text: Riley drives, staring straight ahead. Kayla sits behind him,
text: head down. The mood has shifted. A long, tense silence.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I’m really sorry.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: It’s fine.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: wecces I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: RILEY
speaker_heading: IT’S FINE.
text: Kayla shuts up, scared. Riley regains his composure.
speaker_heading: RILEY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s just...look this was about
dialog: you. I’m trying to help you.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I know, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Stop saying you’re sorry. I said it
dialog: was fine so stop saying that, okay?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: I was trying to help you. I-....And
dialog: now you’re gonna have your first
text: hookup with some asshole at a party
dialog: next year and you’re not gonna be
dialog: good at it and he’s gonna tell all
dialog: his friends about it and you’re
dialog: gonna get made fun of and feel like
dialog: shit. Do you want that?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: I didn’t need this. You did. I’m on
text: the other side, already. I hook up
dialog: all the time. I know what I’m
dialog: doing.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I know--
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: But I thought to myself, you know
dialog: what, this Kayla is a good girl and
dialog: she needs to be looked out for...so
dialog: I’m gonna do her a favor. I’m gonna
dialog: let her hook up with me and I’m
dialog: gonna let her make mistakes and I’m
dialog: not gonna judge her if she’s not
dialog: good at it. I’m just gonna be there
dialog: for her and I’m gonna give her tips
dialog: and I’m gonna help her get good at
dialog: hooking up with guys.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I know...I really appreciate it.
dialog: Really. I know you’re just trying
dialog: to help me. It’s just...I don’t
dialog: know...I’m sor--...I just didn’t
dialog: want to do it...It was just a lot
text: all at once.
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
text: Riley shakes his head.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: I tried to help.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: But you don’t want help.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I do. I really do.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: No you don’t.
text: They drive in silence. Tears well in Kayla’s eyes.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Please don’t tell your Olivia about
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: I won't.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MOMENTS LATER
text: Riley’s car pulls up on Kayla’s street corner.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Kayla closes the door and the car drives away.
text: Kayla begins walking down the street, fists and body
text: clenched, breathing through her nose. We get close and follow
text: her as she walks down the dark suburban street back, moving
text: quickly, tense and pained.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S HOUSE. LATER.
text: Kayla walks through the front door, moving quickly through
text: the house towards her room.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S ROOM. CONTINOUS.
text: Kayla enters her room, closes the door, and finally lets go.
dialog: 84.
text: She collapses onto the floor by her bed, sobbing into her
text: hands. It is loud and heavy. Her body shakes.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Honey?
text: Dad enters the bedroom and rushes over to Kayla.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Kayla, what’s wrong?? What
dialog: happened?
text: He kneels on the ground beside her - rubs her back. He drops
text: off his knees so that he is sitting on the ground with her,
text: holding her while she cries.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus, sweetheart, what
dialog: happened?...honey, honey, what
dialog: happened? God, ff-, Kayla. Are you
dialog: okay? You can tell me...Kayla
dialog: what’s wrong?...oh sweetheart, it’s
dialog: fine, it’s okay...it’s okay...I’m
dialog: here, I’m here, I’m right here, I’m
dialog: right here, I’m right here.
text: Dad hugs her. She does not hug him back. She has her knees up
text: to her chest, her arms wrapped around her knees, her eyes
text: shut tight, trying to collapse herself to a single point.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Hey guys, it’s Kayla.
text: Her voice is quiet and unaffected, her usual energy gone. She
text: speaks slowly, thinking out loud.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S HOUSE - BATHROOM. THE NEXT MORNING
text: Kayla, standing in front of the mirror, covers her face in
text: concealer. Applies eyeliner.
text: Her eyes are puffy from crying all night.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: So...I’m making this video to say
dialog: that I don’t think I’m gonna be
dialog: making anymore videos for a while,
dialog: I think.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know if anyone is even
dialog: watching or cares, but if you are I
dialog: just want you to know that I’m
dialog: gonna take a break from videos for
dialog: a while and I’m sorry if that’s a
dialog: bummer for you but I think it’s the
dialog: right thing to do.
scene_heading: INT. MILES GROVE MIDDLE SCHOOL - CLASSROOM. LATER.
text: It’s before class has started, kids chat, leaning towards
text: each other in their small desk chairs. Kayla sits in the
text: middle of this, talking to no one. Zoning out.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: I started making videos, um, I
dialog: started making videos so I could
dialog: give, like, advice and stuff and
dialog: give you guys tips on what to do to
dialog: make your lives better or whatever
dialog: but, um...I don’t know, it’s-...
scene_heading: INT. MILES GROVE CAFETERIA. LATER.
text: Kayla sits by herself, eating a sandwich. No list-making. No
text: looking around her for kids to potentially approach. She’s as
dialog: quiet as we’ve ever seen her but, for the first time,
dialog: resigned to be so.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: If I’m being really, totally
dialog: honest, I’m probably not the best
dialog: person to give advice cause, I
dialog: don't know, I mean I like giving
dialog: advice and it’s fun to give advice
dialog: but...I don’t know...I guess I
dialog: don’t really know how to do a lot
dialog: of stuff. I know how to talk about
dialog: stuff, but I’m not really good at
dialog: doing stuff.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S HOUSE BATHROOM. LATER
text: Kayla sits in a stall on the toilet, browsing her phone,
text: pants on, just wanting some privacy.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: And I'm...I’m really nervous
dialog: ..-like, all the time, like...for
dialog: no reason.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Like I’1l be nervous even when
dialog: there’s nothing to be nervous about
dialog: really. Like...it’s sort of like
dialog: when you wait in line for a roller
dialog: coaster and you have that nervous
dialog: stomach, like I feel like that all
dialog: the time, like every day, and I
dialog: don’t ever get that feeling you get
dialog: after you ride the roller coaster
dialog: when you feel better. It’s just
dialog: like I’m waiting in the line all
dialog: the time. And I try really hard not
dialog: feel like that but, I don’t know, I
dialog: just can’t.
scene_heading: INT. MILES GROVE MIDDLE SCHOOL HALLWAY. LATER.
text: Kayla walks down the hallway, her backpack on, hands on
text: either strap by her shoulders, her eyes somewhere on the
text: floor in front of her.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: And so like if you guys are going
dialog: through tough times, or whatever,
dialog: you deserve somebody who knows how
dialog: to get through tough times, you
dialog: know? Like you deserve someone
dialog: who’s good at making themselves
dialog: feel better, cause then maybe they
dialog: can help you feel better.
text: Kayla turns a corner and continues down the hallway and away
text: from us. On a nearby wall is a bulletin board displaying the
dialog: eighth grade class superlatives.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: So yeah, those are, um, some of the
dialog: reasons I’m gonna take break from
dialog: videos for a while. Thanks for
dialog: watching and I hope you all have
dialog: good lives. I’1l see you around,
dialog: Maybe. Bye.
text: Among the dozen or so pictures is the one for MOST QUIET. It
text: shows a strange boy with his finger to his lips. He is
text: shushing the tiny girl beside him, who is hunched over a
text: book, her face barely visible.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BEDROOM. THAT NIGHT.
text: Kayla lies on her bed, lights on, on her phone. She’s on
text: Instagram, scrolling through her feed.
dialog: 87.
text: Comments being posted, friends tagging each other in
text: pictures, new relationships budding and breaking, Kayla looks
text: but doesn’t participate.
text: KENNEDY GRAVES posted five pictures: SUMMER POOL PARTY!!!
text: Kayla swipes through the mini. Everyone is happy and
text: energetic and having a blast. She can’t find herself in any
dialog: of the photos.
text: She arrives at the group picture at the diving board. She’s
text: not in it. Kayla stares at the photo and then closes her
dialog: eyes.
text: BLOOP. An Instagram chat from Gabe.
dialog: From Gabe: did you see the photos Kennedy posted?
dialog: Kayla responds: no.
dialog: Gabe: there stupid. she didn’t post any of my handstand pics.
dialog: Kayla: that sucks
dialog: Gabe: it’s fine. how are you?
dialog: Kayla: i actually have to go. Lots of homework. Sorry.
text: Kayla turns off her phone, rolls over onto her side and faces
dialog: the wall.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. NIGHT
text: Dad is on the couch, browsing his Kindle with reading glasses
text: on. Kayla walks in behind him.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Will you help me burn something in
dialog: the backyard?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: weeee Yep.
scene_heading: EXT. KAYLA’S BACKYARD. LATER.
text: Kayla and Dad are sitting next to each other on plastic lawn
text: chairs around a small fire burning in the patio’s fire-pit.
text: Kayla looks down at the TIME CAPSULE in her lap.
text: Its writing glows by the light of the fire: TO THE COOLEST
text: GIRL IN THE WORLD.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You sure you want to do this?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I’m not exactly sure what “this”
dialog: is...or means...I’m just hoping
dialog: that whatever we’re doing here is a
dialog: positive thing...?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Alright then.
text: Kayla places the box in the fire pit. It starts to burn.
text: Kayla and Dad watch it.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: What was in there?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Nothing, really. Just...sort of my
dialog: hopes and dreams.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: wees Right.....and you’re burning
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Alright.
text: Dad puts his arm around his daughter and watches the fire
text: with her. As always, he’s searching for something - anything -
dialog: to say or do to make his daughter happier.
text: And just as he’s about to say something, just as he’s about
dialog: to make another admirable and kind and probably slightly off-
text: the-mark attempt at helping the little girl that he loves so
dialog: very very much, more than anything, she speaks:
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Do I make you sad?
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Wh-..... Sweetheart, no. No. Not at
dialog: all. Kayla - not at all. Do I seem
dialog: sad?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Then why would you think you make
dialog: me sad?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I don’t know...Sometimes I think
dialog: that, like, when I grow up, maybe
dialog: I’ll have a daughter. And then,
dialog: like, I was thinking, if she was
dialog: like me, I think that would make me
dialog: really sad all the time. Cause I
dialog: would love her a lot because she’s
dialog: my daughter but...I don’t know, I
dialog: guess if she ended up being like
dialog: me, I think being her mom would
dialog: make me really sad.
text: Kayla stares down at her lap, picks at her nails.
text: Dad pauses, devastated, and then leans in, purposefully,
text: sternly, and says what may be the only thing that he is
dialog: absolutely, one hundred thousand percent certain of.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You're wrong. Kayla...Kayla, look
dialog: at me:
dialog: (she does)
dialog: You're wrong...If you grow up to
dialog: have a daughter like you, she will
dialog: make you so, so happy. Being your
dialog: dad makes me so happy, Kayla. You
dialog: don’t know. You don’t know how
dialog: happy you make me. It’s beyond
dialog: anything. I can’t describe it to
dialog: you. And it’s not just because
dialog: you're my daughter. It’s not
dialog: because I’m your dad and I would
dialog: love you no matter what. It’s
dialog: because of you. Do you understand?
dialog: A lot of parents, Kayla, a lot of
dialog: parents have to love their kids in
dialog: spite of who they are. Not me. I
dialog: get to love you because of who you
dialog: are. Do you get that? Kayla, you
dialog: are so good. You’re such a good
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not just saying this, Kayla.
dialog: It’s true. Kayla, look at me. Look
dialog: at me: It’s so easy to love you.
dialog: It’s so easy to be proud of you. I
dialog: really mean that. And yeah,
dialog: sometimes when I see you’re upset
dialog: or having a rough day, it makes me
dialog: sad. But that being sad, that sort
dialog: of day-to-day sad stuff or worrying
dialog: that I do is, it’s -- Kayla, I am
dialog: always, beneath all that stuff,
dialog: always just so unbelievably happy
dialog: that I get to be your dad.
text: (a pause, a deep breath, a
dialog: decision)
dialog: ...Kayla, when your mom left, I was
dialog: really scared. Like really, really
dialog: scared. Because now I was all alone
dialog: with this little girl that I loved
dialog: so much and wanted everything for
dialog: and I wasn’t sure if I could give
dialog: you what you needed so I was really
dialog: scared. I was scared that you
dialog: weren’t going to be okay. I was
dialog: scared just like you are right now.
dialog: More scared. Way more...But then
dialog: you got older. And you took your
dialog: first steps, and you said your
dialog: first words, and you wrote your
dialog: first letter to Nana and you made
dialog: your first friend; and everything
dialog: that I thought I was going to have
dialog: to teach you - how to be nice, how
dialog: to share, how to care about other
dialog: people’s feelings - you just
dialog: started doing on your own. Your
dialog: teachers would say, “you’ve got
dialog: such a lovely daughter, you’ve done
dialog: such a great job with her.” But I
dialog: didn’t do anything. I really
dialog: didn’t. I just watched. And the
dialog: more I watched you, the less scared
dialog: I got. I stopped being scared a
dialog: long time ago, Kayla. You know why?
dialog: Because of you. You made me brave,
dialog: Kayla. And if you could just see
dialog: yourself like I see you...the way
dialog: you really are, the way you always
dialog: have been...I promise you wouldn't
dialog: be scared either.
text: Kayla scoots out of her chair and onto her dad’s lap. She
text: hugs him tight, hugs him in a way that she hasn’t in a very
text: long time. He hugs her back.
dialog: 91.
text: The fire burns. The hug does not break.
scene_heading: EXT. GABE’S HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Kayla is at the back door of a small house. She goes to
text: knock, stops. Turns and walks away. Stops. Turns back to the
text: house. Walks back to the front door. Stops. Takes a deep
text: breath and knocks.
text: Gabe answers the door, dressed in khaki pants and a shirt and
text: tie - his hair gelled in a neat part. He is nervous.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Hi Kayla.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hi Gabe.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: You look really nice.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thank you. You too.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Thanks. You want to watch a movie
dialog: later?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool.
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on in.
text: Kayla steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. GABE’S HOUSE. CONTINUOUS
text: Gabe’s house is small and messy. Kayla stands stiffly as Gabe
text: closes the door, turns to Kayla, and does a slow bow at the
text: waist, hands at his side.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Welcome.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: How are you tonight?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Good, you?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I’m good and you?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool...May I take your coat?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Sure.
text: Gabe helps Kayla out of her hoodie like a gentleman. Then
text: holds the hoodie awkwardly, not sure what to do next.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: I can hold it.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Okay.
text: Gabe hands her hoodie to her.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you hungry?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, sure.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool.
text: Gabe starts walking, Kayla follows. Gabe leads her into the
text: kitchen where he has set up a romantic DIY dinner for two at
text: the table -- two lit candles, two glasses of soda and two
text: plates full of chicken tenders and fries.
text: Everything has been set up very neatly and carefully.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Do you like chicken tenders?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool. I got a twenty piece and I
dialog: also got two of every kind of sauce
dialog: - but if you have a favorite sauce
dialog: and want more than one packet of
dialog: it, you can have mine. I like all
dialog: the sauces equally.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thanks.
text: Kayla walks toward one of the chairs. Gabe pulls it out for
text: her and she sits.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: The chicken tenders have been
dialog: sitting out for a little bit
dialog: because I didn’t know when you’d be
dialog: here so tell me if they’re too cold
dialog: and I can heat them up in the
dialog: microwave.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Whoops, left this out by accident.
text: Gabe picks up a PIECE OF PAPER that was sitting right beside
text: Kayla’s plate. He stands in front of her, holding it.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t mean to leave this out.
dialog: Sorry. So stupid.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No problem.
text: Gabe doesn’t move. Holds the paper out to Kayla.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: You wanna see it? It’s stupid.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Sure.
text: She grabs it and looks at it. It’s a cheap, print-out award
text: with Gabe’s name on it.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: It’s stupid.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What is it?
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I go to archery camp every summer
dialog: and last summer I got five bull’s
dialog: eyes in a day so they gave me the
dialog: Sharpshooter of the Week Award.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Wow. That’s really cool.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: It’s stupid.
text: Gabe takes the paper and places it on top of a nearby bureau.
text: He then walks over to the opposite side of the table, stops,
text: poses, shoots an imaginary arrow and then takes his seat
text: opposite Kayla.
text: He grabs his glass of soda and holds it up.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: To our first friend hang out!
text: Kayla smiles and lifts her glass. They toast and drink. Gabe
text: digs in to the tenders. Kayla eats cautiously, careful not to
text: mess up her lip gloss.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks for coming.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: No problem.
text: Kayla eats a single fry in three bites.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: I like your house.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Thanks. It’s my mom's.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: What movie do you want to watch?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What ones do you have?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I have Netflix so we can watch
dialog: anything. What kind of movies do
dialog: you like? What genre?
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Um...I don’t know. What do you
dialog: like?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Lots of stuff. I can watch scary
dialog: movies without being scared.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: The tenders are a little cold.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: They're fine.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Okay, good. I actually kind of
dialog: think they're better when they’re
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool.
text: They eat in silence for a bit.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you believe in God?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Um....yes.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cool.
dialog: More eating.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: Know any good jokes?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Jokes? Um...
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I know a few. Okay, so you know how
dialog: bikes have two tires? Like on the
dialog: wheels?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, totally.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Okay, so why couldn’t the bicycle
dialog: stand up?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Because it was two tired.
text: Kayla laughs a little out her nose, nervous.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: That’s a good one.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I made it up.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Wow, that’s really funny.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Do you have any?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Um..... what did the fish say, hold
dialog: on...what did the fish say when he
dialog: swam into the concrete wall--
speaker_heading: GABE KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn. Damn.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve heard that one, that’s a good
dialog: one, I like that one.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: You have a good sense of humor and
dialog: that's what I like so it's good
dialog: that you have that.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: You’re welcome.
text: Gabe stares at his food, looking agitated. Then:
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to tell you something.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (little freaked out)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I didn’t make up that bike joke. My
dialog: dad told it to me.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Oh that’s okay.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I shouldn’t have lied to you I’m
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: It's fine. I also sort of think you
dialog: made the joke you’re own in the way
dialog: you said it so it’s sort of like
dialog: you wrote it anyway.
text: Gabe smiles.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Totally.
text: They eat some more in silence.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: I watched some of your videos.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Oh...those are stupid.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: No! No, they’re really cool. You’re
dialog: really smart about stuff. You know
dialog: so many things.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I was thinking you should have your
dialog: own talk show.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hahaha yeah...
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I’m sorry if I’m being weird, I’m
dialog: just really nervous.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Your not being weird.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: We’re having a good conversation I
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah me too.
text: Gabe smiles. Kayla smiles back.
scene_heading: INT. GABE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. LATER
text: Gabe and Kayla sit on the couch “together” (three feet apart,
text: stiff, both facing forward, nervous).
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: ...what do you wanna do?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Oh...whatever.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Yeah, me too, I can do whatever.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: ...you wanna watch something?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Sure.
text: Gabe grabs the remote off the coffee table in front of them.
text: He hesitates, puts the remote back down.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: Actually...can I show you
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Okay.
text: Gabe hops up from the couch and runs out of the room. Kayla
text: stays put, sitting up straight, knees bouncing, nervous.
text: We stay on Kayla as we hear the sounds of Gabe’s frantic
text: search: loud footsteps down a hallway, a door opens, closes,
text: a pause, door opens again, more footsteps.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: GABE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (just outside the room)
dialog: Okay, I’m ready to show you.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: It’s not that cool. But maybe
dialog: you'll think it’s really cool, I
dialog: don't know, it’s kind of cool, I
dialog: guess.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: Kayla does. We stay on her as Gabe enters the room. Lots of
text: little, strange sounds.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep your eyes closed.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Okay, you can open your eyes.
text: Kayla does. Gabe is standing in front of her with his hands
text: behind his back. There’s a large cardboard box behind him and
text: a laptop now open on the coffee table between Kayla and him.
speaker_heading: GABE (CONT'D)
dialog: So, like, I told you about how I do
dialog: archery and, um, like, this is sort
dialog: of like another one of my passions.
text: Gabe keeps one hand behind his back as the other reaches out
text: and hits the laptop’s spacebar. HEAVY METAL MUSIC begins to
text: blast as Gabe pulls TWO LARGE SILVER RINGS from behind his
text: back and begins his magic routine.
text: Gabe’s hands shake with adrenaline as he does his linking
text: rings routine. Then reaches into the box, does more tricks -
text: color changing scarves, cutting and melding ropes.
text: The face-melting guitar doesn’t quite match up with Gabe’s
text: routine. But Gabe is taking this very seriously, too nervous
text: to look up at Kayla and see if she’s liking it or not. He’s
dialog: practiced this a thousand times, and this is it: his moment.
dialog: 100.
text: And as Gabe struggles through his act, messing up here,
text: dropping a prop there, Kayla watches him.
text: Someone is doing something for her.
text: And she is watching it.
dialog: Smiling.
text: Her world upside-down.
text: The pressure, finally, for a moment, off.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. GABE’S HOUSE LATER
text: Dad waits in his car, parked on the street in front of Gabe’s
text: house. He stares ahead, turns, sees something, smiles.
text: Kayla enters the car.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey.
text: Dad pulls away and starts driving. We stay on the two of
text: them, sitting quietly.
text: A long silence between them, then:
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Did you have fun?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, yeah it was fun.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Good.
text: They drive. Both staring forward. Sitting in silence.
dialog: Together.
scene_heading: INT. MILES GROVE MIDDLE SCHOOL - LOBBY/HALLWAY. MORNING 75
text: We move slowly through the lobby. The floor somehow both
text: scuffed and shiny. A giant trophy case with way too much in
text: it. A high ceiling.
dialog: And empty.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL MCDANIEL (0.S.)
dialog: Friends, Family, and Loved Ones.
text: The strange sounds of a speech happening in a large, nearby
text: space. Loud and echoing and muffled through the walls. Barely
text: discernible.
text: We continue to move slowly through the lobby and toward an
text: open hallway entrance.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL MCDANIEL (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Today is a celebration. A chance
dialog: for us to applaud the achievements
dialog: of these amazing kids. Miles Grove
dialog: Middle School’s Class of 2017.
text: Applause. Even louder. Even stranger sounding. Principal
text: Mcdaniel’s speech fades to barely audible as we move down the
dialog: hallway.
text: It’s dark. Something in the distance.
dialog: We keep moving. Get closer.
text: Kids waiting in the dark, lined up against the right wall of
text: the hallway in single file. Dressed in caps and gowns.
text: A CHAPERONE (40s) at the front of the line by the entrance to
text: the Gym. The kids are chatting, bored, not really caring
dialog: about whatever they’re supposed to be caring about right now.
speaker_heading: CHAPERONE
dialog: (whisper yelling)
dialog: Guys! Guys! We’re almost there, a
dialog: few more minutes, please, please
dialog: just, guys! Shhhh, just shhhh
dialog: please and thank you.
text: We pass the Chaperone and continue down the line. Boy, girl,
dialog: boy, girl, girl, girl, boy, boy, boy, girl, b--wait.
dialog: Kayla.
text: Cap too big for her head. Swimming in her gown. She stands up
text: straight, hands clenched into fists at her side. She looks
text: down the hall, sees something.
text: Aiden. He’s late, hustling toward the back of the line.
dialog: Looking cute even in that stupid robe.
text: Kayla watches him as he passes. Then faces forward. Stares.
text: Then makes a decision.
dialog: 102.
text: She steps out of her place and begins walking quickly down
text: the line. We follow her. She moves with confidence and
text: purpose. Aiden’s ahead, fixing his cap over his stupid head.
text: Kayla reaches him. And passes. Keeps walking. She finally
text: stops and turns.
text: Kennedy Graves is standing with Steph and another friend. All
dialog: on their phones.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey.
text: Kennedy looks up. Too confused to even react.
text: Kayla speaks the following in what seems like one breath.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: I wrote you that letter thanking
dialog: you for having me to your party and
dialog: you didn’t write back, like not
dialog: even a facebook message, and that’s
dialog: really stupid and mean. And being
dialog: mean isn’t cool, it’s MEAN. When
dialog: someone does something nice you're
dialog: supposed to do something nice back.
dialog: I’m always nice to you and you’re
dialog: never nice to me and that’s not
dialog: fair. I’m a good person and you
dialog: should be nicer to me.
text: Kennedy looks shocked/disgusted. Kayla turns to walk away,
text: whips back.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: (angrier)
dialog: And that card game I got you for
dialog: your birthday is actually REALLY
dialog: FUN and you’d know that if you
dialog: actually PLAYED IT. And I know you
dialog: probably think it’s stupid but
dialog: stupid games can be fun sometimes,
dialog: like if it’s raining outside or
dialog: whatever, it’s a great game, it’s
dialog: like a really fun version of Go
dialog: Fish, and if you actually just
dialog: tried playing it instead of trying
dialog: to be cool all the time you'd
dialog: realize that it’s really fun game
dialog: to play when you’re bored. And-
text: Kayla turns and walks away. Back up the line. The adrenaline
text: of the moment still coursing through her. She retakes her
text: spot in line. Taking deep breaths to calm herself.
dialog: 103.
text: She smiles.
text: The familiar sounds of PHOTOBOOTH. BEEP BEEP BEEP CLICK:
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Hey Kayla, it’s me, Kayla.
text: The line starts to move. Kayla walks with her classmates, as
text: the line funnels from the dark hallway through the bright
text: door to the gymnasium.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Congrats on finishing high school!
dialog: I’m so, so, so, so, SO proud of
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BEDROOM. LATER THAT DAY
text: Kayla is sitting at her desk, still in her graduation robes,
text: speaking to her laptop’s webcam.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: It’s crazy to think that you’re
dialog: almost 18. You probably look a lot
dialog: different than me, which is cool,
dialog: but also if you still sort of look
dialog: like this that’s cool too.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BEDROOM. LATER.
text: CLOSE ON a USB DRIVE KOALA BEAR, plugged into Kayla’s laptop.
text: Kayla pulls it out. We continue to hear Kayla’s video.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: How did you do on the SATs? Did you
dialog: suck at the math part? It’s okay if
dialog: you did. Math is stupid.
text: Kayla places the Koala Bear into a BRAND NEW SHOEBOX full of
text: tiny trinkets and keepsakes: a picture of Kayla and her dad,
text: a bracelet, Aiden’s crazy straw, the strip of pictures with
text: Olivia from the mall photobooth , a sauce packet from Gabe’s.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Do you have a boyfriend? If you
dialog: don't that’s fine! And if you do, I
dialog: hope he is treating you well. You
dialog: deserve it.
text: Kayla puts the lid on the shoebox. On the lid, in freshly
text: colored marker, are the words: TO THE COOLEST GIRL IN THE
speaker_heading: WORLD.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: EXT. KAYLA’S BACKYARD. DAY.
text: Kayla places her new time capsule into a two-foot deep,
text: crudely-dug hole in her backyard - a pile of loose dirt
text: beside it. Dad watches her, smiling, holding a shovel. He
text: begins shoveling the loose dirt back into the hole.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Is dad still a dork? If he’s not
dialog: still a dork, he’s probably an
dialog: alien just wearing dad’s skin as a
dialog: disguise and you should kill him
dialog: right after you read this.
text: The brightly-colored shoebox disappears more and more with
text: every shovelful of dirt.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLA’S BATHROOM. NIGHT.
text: Kayla stands in front of the mirror. Dressed for something.
text: Hair and makeup done up.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: I hope you’re not too sad about
dialog: leaving all your friends for
dialog: college.
text: Kayla lifts up her phone, poses for a selfie.
scene_heading: INT. DAD'S CAR. LATER THAT NIGHT.
text: Kayla rides shotgun. Dad drives. They are talking about
text: something, making small talk, laughing, happy.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: But if you are sad, just remember
dialog: that can still stay in touch with
dialog: all of your high school friends and
dialog: you'll make tons of new friends at
dialog: your new school next year.
scene_heading: INT. MILES GROVE MIDDLE SCHOOL - GYMNASIUM. LATER. 81
text: The END OF THE YEAR DANCE is bumping. Sweaty pubescent kids
text: grind and “dance” with each other. Kayla walks in, looking
dialog: beautiful as always.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: And I know you probably don’t want
dialog: advice from an eighth grader...
dialog: 105.
text: Kayla walks into the middle of the large mob of her peers.
text: She starts to dance.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: .--but I just want you to know that
dialog: if high school sucked for you, I'm
dialog: really sorry and that sucked
dialog: but...it's whatever, I mean, middle
dialog: school sucked for me but I'm past
dialog: it now and I'm moving forward. And
dialog: you can do that with high school
dialog: too.
text: She dances harder. Arms, hips, shoulders, head. All moving.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: Just cause things are happening to
dialog: you right now, doesn't mean that
dialog: things are always going to happen
dialog: to you. You never know what's going
dialog: to happen next and that's what
dialog: makes things exciting and
dialog: scary...and fun...
text: She is dancing her heart out. No one is paying attention. She
text: doesn’t notice. She doesn’t care. Eyes closed. Hips and arms
text: and hair wildly in motion.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.O.)
dialog: So yeah, stay cool and I can't wait
dialog: to be you....Love, Kayla.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: THE END.
dialog: 
