dialog: "El Cantante"
dialog: leon ichaso's draft
dialog: oct 07 2005
dialog: (not for distribution)
text: PIECES OF MEMORIES...ARE SEEN. LIKE A DREAM.
text: CLOSE UP of a pair of hands beating on a CONGA. A TIMBALES
text: roll...an abanico. A Furious rhythm starts. HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE
text: KEEPING THE clave with their hand claps. THE VOICE OF THE
dialog: SINGER...we dont' see.
speaker_heading: SINGER
dialog: Puerto Rico...te quiero de gratis!
text: Fingers FLUTTER ON THE KEYS OF A TRUMPET...as more percussion
text: and BASS cook up the SALSA. We hear thunder. And FRAGMENTS
text: of the face of the singer as lighting strikes. EXTREME CLOSE
text: UPS OF A FACE, DESPERATE EYES. THE DARK SKIES.
text: THE CHEER AND BOOS OF FANS...
text: THEN, A HORRIBLE NOISE: FEEDBACK SCREAMS....an electrical
text: malfunction...and everything turns into A SLOW MOTION
scene_heading: NIGHTMARE.
scene_heading: A BLACK SCREEN. COMPLETE SILENCE.
text: A PAIR OF BEAUTIFUL EYES OPEN UP AFTER THE BAD MEMORY ENDS.
text: A SCRATCHY CASSETTE. A VOICE IS HEARD.
text: It's the whiny unforgettable voice of HECTOR LAVOE. One of
dialog: Salsa's biggest. El Cantante de Los Cantantes. The SINGER
text: OF SINGERS...now coming out of an old cassette player
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...you see, I'm right here with
dialog: you...okay?
scene_heading: INT. PUCHI'S 2002 APARTMENT -- DAY
text: A simple tenement somewhere in the Bronx. A picture of Hector
text: in his glory days hangs on a wall. Next to him, a beautiful
text: woman, holding on to his arm. He's her prize. She is PUCHI,
dialog: the love of his life.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Never never leave you mami...it's
dialog: not the same thing as being there
dialog: with you...touching you, kissing
dialog: you...bueno, I better stop...just
dialog: wanted to tell you over and over I
dialog: Love You...and I'm right here with
dialog: you. See me? Happy birthday Puchi...
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Happy...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: ...never leave me? But you did.
text: She stops the machine. But the pain doesn't stop.
dialog: 2.
text: She walks into frame. Stands next to the stereo...turns the
text: volume up. She listens to the music...and for a moment does
text: a little sway, tries a couple of steps, but it hurts and she
dialog: stops moving...that's all her broken heart can handle on her
dialog: special day.
text: AN ABSTRACT BLUR FILLS THE SCREEN.
text: RED COLORS...BRIGHT AS BLOOD...and TROPICAL BLUE, as the
text: most beautiful ocean. The colors move...slowly coming into
speaker_heading: FOCUS.
scene_heading: THE FLAG OF PUERTO RICO
text: bobs in the air. It's a CAP someone's wearing.
text: A DIFFERENT STYLE OF MUSIC PLAYS LOUDLY...
text: it rattles the street with bass and attitude. POUNDING RAP.
scene_heading: TITLES BEGIN.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREET -- DAY
text: A young Nuyorican kid moves through a busy MIDTOWN sidewalk.
dialog: t's 2002. His whole demeanor, rhythm and style is very
text: uch NOW. The walk is the Bronx-Swing thirty years later.
text: CITY ANIMAL in his street war uniform.
text: he hip-hop MUSIC screaming out of an appliance store tells
dialog: story of rough living and urban anarchy...and it makes the
text: oung man wearing the cap feel like he OWNS LIFE. His and
text: veryone else. He stares back at US, knowing we are watching
text: im. He knows THE WHOLE WORLD IS WATCHING him. He winks at
text: omeone...at a woman observing him as he struts out of sight.
dialog: t's Puchi.
speaker_heading: HHOTO<MH FBH
scene_heading: XT. STORE WINDOW -- DAY
speaker_heading: E
text: Now we see her clearly, as she catches her own reflection in
text: the store's mirrored panels...her face, lost amongst every
text: ELECTRONIC gadget imaginable... and the usual array of NYC
text: souvenirs. She stares at herself with the same curiosity as
text: she did when she watched the YOUNG MAN.
dialog: 
text: She likes what she sees. She looks worn and beautifully
dialog: damaged...someone whose life took as hard as she gave...the
dialog: EYES you own when you've SURVIVED every war you've created.
text: SHE LOOKS ACROSS THE STREET:
dialog: Madison Square Garden...yeah there was a time. WE HEAR HER
text: VOICE -- as she goes inside a much more unknown, forgotten
text: and near condemned building on a side street.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: He didn't know how much he had...never
dialog: believed how much people loved him.
text: AN ON CAMERA INTERVIEW...
text: Puchi is looking straight through us now. A CLOSE UP ON HER
text: FACE...a map of the whole doomed journey now finished.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: He had it all...and he had me.
text: She laughs...we hear the laughter. Yes...through that laugh
dialog: we can see there was a time when she had that walk and strut
text: and she OWNED LIFE HERSELF...and nothing was going to knock
text: her out of the ring.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- DAY
text: Puchi looks around the forsaken recording studio, where
text: hundreds of hits were once recorded, now waits silent and
text: empty. She's been here before. A piano sits in a corner
text: crowned with empty cans of soda and dust. Congas ina
text: corner...tipped sideways. A floor littered with maracas and
dialog: musical instruments...and memories.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: ...for more than twenty years...
text: A room that has seen better days.
text: Puchi is facing a small crew of YOUNG Latin- music
text: freaks...maybe french-hispanophiles. She smokes nervously,
text: trying to glamorize her last fifteen minutes in the spotlight.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Was it love? What is? One thing I
dialog: know; it was special...and when you
dialog: looked at us, you saw something...so
dialog: maybe it was. I thought so. I did.
dialog: (her eyes coming alive)
dialog: Our life was like a dream...
speaker_heading: (to CAMERA)
dialog: Yeah...I know what you're thinking.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -- DAY
text: An IVORY PRINCESS PHONE RINGING is off the hook. The light
text: flickers from the candles on the edge of the marble sink and
dialog: bathtub.
text: K.C.'s "Get Down Tonight" kicks in as two perfectly pedicured
text: feet with fire red toenails stretch out of the bubbles. One
text: foot clasps around the tub chain and pulls the plug.
text: The shadowy outline of the WOMAN steps out of the tub, grabs
text: a towel, and raps it around her voluptuous body.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM -- DAY
text: A lavishly furnished BEDROOM. The wardrobe and accessories
text: for the night are laid out on either side of the bed.
text: Valentino dress, black silk panties, bra on one side. Gold
text: Cartier lighter, monogrammed leather cigar case, her cigars
text: in it, jewelry, fur, purse on the other.
text: THE WOMAN, now dressed to kill, stands in front of a full
dialog: length mirror.
text: She puts on a GOLD I.D. NECKLACE, the name PUCHI is spelled
dialog: in diamonds.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: Was it good love? Well, that's
dialog: another story..
text: Puchi gives her devastating beauty a final look of approval
text: then walks out, grabbing a MAN'S WHITE SUIT off the door
text: hanger on the way.
scene_heading: A QUICK FLASH:
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS -- DAY (2002)
text: Puchi quickly walks down A DILAPIDATED HALLWAY. Yesterday's
text: Gold records and artwork decorate the walls. She goes to
text: another DOOR, opens it.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE (55 STREET APT)
text: Disco music blares out of the room. A handsome Puerto-Rican
text: man in his late thirties, is startled by her. His name is
text: COOKIE. A combination of many tasks and no specific job.
text: He grabs a jacket, checks his watch and prepares for an ugly
dialog: mission.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: INT. 55TH ST. APT. LIVING ROOM -DAY
text: Posters of bands on the wall. A teen-ager stares her down,
text: it's her son TITO. A handsome, defiant young man.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (to the kid)
dialog: I don't wanna go out looking for you
dialog: too when we come home, okay?
text: The man-kid ignores her as best as he can.
scene_heading: A FLASH OF PUCHI TODAY... (INTERVIEW)
text: as she closes her eyes, as if that one memory still BURNS.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH RISE APT (55 ST). BUILDING - DAY
text: Puchi and Cookie walk out of the building up to a waiting
speaker_heading: LIMO.
scene_heading: EXT. 9TH STREET & AVE C -- NIGHT
text: ANOTHER WORLD. JUNKIES and PREDATORS move through the trash
text: ridden streets of Loisaida. The place stinks of death and
dialog: danger.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: Love is never perfect when it's real
dialog: love...
text: The Limo turns the corner off Ave. D onto 9th Street and
text: stops in front of a squatters TENEMENT BUILDING.
scene_heading: EXT. TENEMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Puchi walks right up the steps, to a scary, intimidating
text: LOOKOUT GUY at the entrance. She stares him down. He moves.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Puchi passes by the JUNKIES waiting in line. Doesn't even
dialog: see them.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: We were meant for each other for
dialog: better or worse. We both knew that.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT - SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: A very determined Puchi struts down the abandoned dirty halls.
text: Another LOOKOUT GUY moves aside as his eyes register
text: recognition when he hears the steady clicking of high heels
dialog: approaching.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: ...and I don't mean it like today's
dialog: soulmate type of shit...nah.
scene_heading: INT. SHOOTING GALLERY - CONTINUOUS
text: Three unshaven, stoned MEN, dressed in dirty sweat suits sit
text: on a couch, one wearing SUNGLASSES. The table in front of
text: them is covered with drug gear
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: It was old fashioned love. It was
dialog: good, it was bad, it was beautiful.
text: Puchi struts in. Everyone freezes except the guy wearing
text: the sunglasses, who waves...and smiles, unable to disguise
dialog: the absurdity of playing dead with so much to live for
text: It's Hector. Just a tad surprised.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Hi, honey...
scene_heading: INT. LIMO -LATER
text: The Limo flies uptown. Puchi and Cookie get to work on Hector
text: like a make over Pit Crew. Off comes the stinky running
text: jacket. Out comes an electric shaver, hair brush
dialog: toothbrush...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You know I love you...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Yeah...you always love me when you're
dialog: high.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Yeah...but I'm always high!
text: Puchi pulls out a coke vial....as the Limo takes a fast turns
text: she ends up on top of him...and so does the coke. white
text: powder all over his face. Puchi looks at her Hector, licks
text: his cheek and mouth jokingly...she smiles proudly at the
dialog: craziness of it all.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Look at you.
text: He smiles back...snorting up the rest of the powder spill.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Look at you.
scene_heading: INT. BACK STAGE OFFICE - LATER
text: JERRY MASUCCI, a bearded Italian plays nervously with the
text: gold chains around his neck....ready to strangle himself
dialog: with them.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It's not his fault...it's yours...and
dialog: you're my fault. But this is the
dialog: last time he does this.
text: He points his finger at RALPH, a stocky mulatto skinned
text: balding man. Rican and slick. Ralph's on the phone. He
text: listens, hangs up.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (grinning)
text: Elvis is in the building.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: People rush down a long corridor. The intro to "El Cantante"
text: is heard from the stage as our man walks down the corridor,
text: everyone slapping him on the back, like a boxer going into
dialog: the ring.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Move! Move! Let the man through!
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN STAGE -- NIGHT
text: Hector enter stage, as casual as stepping into his living
text: room. As he turns, he sees what awaits him: 20,000 fans
text: cheering. They stand up for him as he shuffles to center
dialog: stage.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Yo soy, Hector Lavoe and...
dialog: (with a grin)
dialog: I'm here!
text: Thunderous APPLAUSE follows. The BAND goes into second gear
text: as he continues to sing. Hector made it.
text: HE TAKES A GLANCE OFF STAGE, TO THE WINGS, HE SEES PUCHI.
text: He smiles at her. The world is his...tonight.
text: He kicks into the first verse of : "El Cantante".
speaker_heading: HECTOR SINGING
dialog: "Yo, soy el cantante..."
text: THE FACES IN THE AUDIENCE: sheer adulation. (STOCK FOOTAGE
text: from those days) HECTOR spreads his arms to his thousands of
text: adoring fans. THE PUERTO RICAN FLAG spreads out in the
text: balcony. The crowd CHEERS as the flag DANCES...a subtle
text: but defining political PARTY, live from New York City.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: The more he grew as an artist, the
text: deeper he sank as a person, as a
dialog: human being...but they loved him.
dialog: All his faults and trouble....only
dialog: made him more like one of them...
text: THE MUSIC ECHOES AWAY...
text: as the FLASHBACK ENDS. A POSTER FROM THAT DATE, HANGS ON A
dialog: WALL...the past is long gone, we're in...
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS -- DAY
speaker_heading: INTERVIEW
text: No one is clapping now as she builds up the courage to tell
text: the story in her mind. Whatever that is.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: He was the singer for his father's
dialog: band since he was a kid...they played
dialog: all over the city of Ponce ...X-mas
dialog: parties, weddings, etc. His father
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: loved him and was very
dialog: supportive...his mother died when he
dialog: was three...but he would talk about
dialog: her as if she was still alive...he
dialog: never accepted the fact that she was
dialog: gone. Hector never had it hard...that
dialog: was the problem. He made it hard
dialog: for himself because it had all been
dialog: too easy.
text: She smiles, as if there was only one reason for everything
text: she does now days. Looks around room, seeing him everywhere.
speaker_heading: INTERVIWER OS
dialog: What are you thinking about?
text: Caught.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: What do you think? Him...it's always
dialog: him.
text: The room falls quiet. This is part of the story.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: (a sigh)
dialog: He never goes away...maybe it's just
dialog: my fucking guilt.
text: We see PUCHI peeking through the glass inside the SOUND BOOTH.
text: It's like walking through the Titanic...death everywhere.
dialog: No one will ever return to this musical tomb.
text: A LONELY MICROPHONE STANDS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROOM...WAITING
text: FOR A SINGER, suddenly...
text: WE HEAR HECTOR'S VOICE...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ".,.recuerdas que, caminando por las
dialog: calles de San Juan...
scene_heading: EXT. OLD WORLD STYLE COURTYARD/SAN JUAN -- NIGHT
dialog: ( a GIG with his father's band...)
text: Back home in Puerto Rico, Hector and his father are singing
text: a duet. Hector plays guitar. A BOLERO PLAYS...angels
text: singing. It's a family reunion.
text: A Spanish guitar and a beautiful song, Panchito Riset's "
text: "Blancas Azucenas". A love story of lovers splitting when
text: one of them leaves the island and goes to New York. A classic
text: San Juan/New York tale of immigration breaking love in two.
text: Later to become sort of a love theme.
speaker_heading: HECTOR/FATHER
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ...aun guardo las dos blancas
dialog: azucenas, que me diste hasta
dialog: despedirte de mi..."
text: Family is watching the magic moment. As the song ends in
text: beautiful harmony of the two men...Hector hugs the old man
text: with a beautiful voice (CHEO FELICIANO)...with a smile on
text: his face, as he sees Hector enjoying the cheers. The old
text: man turns to Hector and without skipping a beat
text: whispers...totally unexpectedly.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: If you go to New York...just imagine
dialog: I died. I already lost one son...and
dialog: I am not going to lose another one.
dialog: It will be you who loses a father
dialog: ...understood?
dialog: (to a woman nearby)
dialog: Awilda, how'bout a beer for a loving
dialog: man?
text: He walks away. Leaving Hector shattered.
text: No one around notices the exchange. Hector turns white.
dialog: It's the nicest threat anyone ever said to him. Tonight
dialog: it's his father just telling him 'how serious' a felony it
text: would be for Hector to go north. He gets up himself and
text: walks away from the stage, only the sounds of the COQUIS are
dialog: heard out there in the darkness...
text: A BLAST OF NEW YORK CITY...
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN STREETS -- DAY/NIGHT
dialog: The old days in all it's splendor. Tad's Steak, Tie City,
text: The Metropole Cafe, Automats, Theater lights, Penny Arcades
text: etc. TIMES SQUARE in the sixties...a naive version of SIN.
speaker_heading: (STOCK)
dialog: Hector's in heaven.
scene_heading: EXT. HUNT'S POINT CASINO - BACK STAGE DOOR -- NIGHT
text: Just as a BAND BOY carries a Trombone case from a VAN inside
text: the stage door, Hector strolls up. Mister Casual. He sees
text: one of them. A young man we know, a younger, confident
text: Cookie, way before LIFE had turned him into a punchy boxer
dialog: that never fought a fight.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Hey, man, you need some help?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Yeah...hurry up.
dialog: 10.
text: Cookie grabs a CONGA out of the back. Hector does the same.
text: He follows the band boy in. Cookie winks an eye at Hector
dialog: In and free.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
text: A Tropical paradise in the asphalt jungle.
text: The dance floor packed with beautiful, young NUYORICANS
text: dancing to live Salsa music. LARRY HARLOW, a hot new band,
text: plays their asses off. Hector notices a stunningly beautiful
text: woman dancing by herself on the dance floor...as if dancing
text: with each member of the band and busy with every guy in the
text: house. It's Puchi. Younger but never too innocent.
text: Hector sees her, like his dream...a vision he has to look
text: away from, cause she can't be real. Puchi only sees a geeky
text: looking guy drooling like he should.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I thought you were with the band?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: So did I...aren't you?
text: They both laugh.
text: A hopped up cat wearing a silver shark skin suit spots Cookie.
text: It's PAPO, he happens to be Puchi's hoodlum brother. He
text: flashes a gold tooth smile of a warning at Hector...who is
text: hypnotized by the Music and the Scene.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Salsa?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: That's what they call it here in New
dialog: York. Salsa...it's a mix of Mambo,
dialog: Bomba, Son...Charanga. It's like a
dialog: revolution cooking, bro. Everybody
dialog: is into it. Welcome to New York
dialog: Bro!
dialog: Hector nods...yes, this is better than what he always dreamed
dialog: of
text: HECTOR WAKES UP...as a woman screams:
speaker_heading: WOMAN OS
dialog: Hector wake up!!!
scene_heading: INT. PRISCILLLA'S APT. -- DAY
text: Linoleum, and plastic covered seats. He bolts out of his
text: dream. His sister PRISCILLA, standing by the sofa where he
dialog: sleeps.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: I'm giving you two more weeks, you
dialog: hear me?
text: Hector nods.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Two weeks to get a job or you go
dialog: back to Puerto Rico. You understand?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What did I do? Wha'happened?
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: I'm serious. I don't want dad to
dialog: disown me too. Okay?
text: Hector sits up. Confronts her as much as you can when you're
text: only wearing baggy shorts and a pajama top.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'm here to be a singer Priscilla,
dialog: not to prove my father wrong. I'll
dialog: have a job so fast, you wont even
dialog: know I have a job. You'll be asking
dialog: "where is he?...where is he...?'.
dialog: And me...? You'll see.
text: A SUBWAY RATTLES BY...
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHTCLUB -- NIGHT
text: A seedy looking storefront underneath the train in a 125th
text: Street. They walk inside the old nightclub.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Look, these are my friends.
text: The subways rattles by. Hector looks up, startled.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I better get a job or I'm flying
dialog: back on Eastern Airlines...you told
dialog: them about me?
text: Hector belts out a couple of lines from a song.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Shit, man...you gotta good voice.
dialog: This is the best time for you to be
dialog: in New York. But don't get any ideas.
dialog: They already have a singer. Just
dialog: enjoy the show, man.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHTCLUB -- NIGHT
text: The place is half-empty, a sextet is playing, vamping into a
text: song and without a singer.
dialog: 12.
text: The musicians look a little nervous as they look around for
dialog: their vocalist.
text: The band is playing "Tus Ojos". A fidgety Hector is standing
text: nearby...singing the song to himself, but loud enough to be
text: heard. The leader of the band sees Cookie, who points to
dialog: Hector...implying 'he can do it...he can fill in'. The guy
text: waves him over.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Hector...mira man...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I know that song better than anyone
dialog: here tonight.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: You better. It's now or never panita.
text: Hector does the sign of the cross as he makes his way through
text: the crowd as the leader heats up the band and introduced
dialog: Hector.
speaker_heading: BAND LEADER
dialog: You're ready out there for a surprise?
text: Cookie wants to die, as Hector walks up to the stage to show
text: the world. The band starts it up and all it takes is one
dialog: minute for Hector to own the song.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Okay...okay.
dialog: (confident)
dialog: Como esta mi gente esta
dialog: noche...esperandome, right? I'm here.
text: Hector stays on the stage and steals the show.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEW -
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS -- DAY
text: Puchi plays with a gold chain she's wearing. Tries not to
text: look at the Camera in front of her
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...that's how we say in Spanish when
dialog: you're blessed...you know...some
dialog: people struggle for years...not
dialog: him...it's like he always knew it
dialog: was going to happen...that he'd make
dialog: it...
dialog: (the gold cross in
dialog: between her fingers)
dialog: This is his... That first time I
dialog: saw him, he was the most ridiculous
dialog: guy in the place...but the only one
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: who brought me a present...he didn't
dialog: even know me...but he had manners
dialog: that old fashioned thing...I loved
dialog: that.
dialog: (to camera)
dialog: You know, it's my birthday today?
speaker_heading: INTERVIWER OS
dialog: Happy birthday.
text: A JOE CUBA BOOGALOO blasts. The MUSIC is coming from...
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER EAST SIDE. ROOFTOP -- DAY
text: Like a garden for Puerto-Ricans. The city lights in the
text: back as the sun goes down. All the money in the world
dialog: couldn't buy you this.
text: A Boogaloo line is on full swing. It's dirty dancing a lot
text: dirtier. Hot Nuyorican beauties. Hector has stepped in the
text: new West Side Story, dressed in a 100% polyester. He thinks
text: he looks cool in his Bond's naguahyde leather jacket that
dialog: you could make a sofa today with it...
text: Jibaro hick in the thick of the SIXTIES MEET THE LATIN THING.
text: Joe Cuba playing on the STEREO "Bang Bang". His eyes go
text: straight to a girl in the dancing line, it's Puchi, the girl
text: from the nightclub. She sees him...and kind of laughs when
text: their eyes meet. Little mockery in the way she throws her
text: head back to the music. Hector takes it well. Laughing is
dialog: a good thing.
text: She's easily the best dancer in the room and she lets Hector
text: see for himself. It's a music video ahead of it's time.
text: The Latino hoodlum we've seen earlier is there...he's carrying
text: a birthday cake with lit candles and moves all the way in
text: front of Puchi....the music is lowered as the brother starts
text: singing AND SO DOES HECTOR, with the best version of Happy
dialog: Birthday in the Lower East Side.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Hector pretends he's not alone, when he sees Puchi walking
text: towards him, like a vision. He's like a hunter who sees the
text: big game coming to him, but can't shoot. He's going to let
text: the animal eat him alive. Once at close range, he smiles at
text: Puchi for the first time.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Hello there...happy happy
dialog: birthday...sorry I didn't remember
dialog: your name...
text: Puchi stares at Hector, the look you give a big square hick
text: fresh off the island.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Are you in the right apartment?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I think so...
text: Handing her a present.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: For me? Who invited you?
text: Hector looks around, maybe he's at the wrong place. She
text: opens the present.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Chocolates, how sweet.
text: Maybe he's at the wrong apartment.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: My brother told me about you.
dialog: ...you're an actor? Not too famous
dialog: right?
text: Hector grins sheepishly
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you ...you're Trini
dialog: Lopez...right?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (Mexican accent)
dialog: That's right...
text: He manages a little smile from her
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You're the singer, my brother said
dialog: you're a Singer...right? Well, you
dialog: are...
text: Hector nods humbly. Cuts in.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Bueno...yeah....I am. Everyone's
dialog: always talking about Puchi this...and
dialog: Puchi that. And you...? What do
dialog: you do? You're the famous one.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Me? I listen.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: That's all I need to sing my best...a
dialog: good pair of...
dialog: (eyeing her)
dialog: ...ears.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You're funny...but your pants are
dialog: even funnier.
text: He checks himself out. He's the only hick in the room wearing
text: polyester plaid pants. She laughs.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (little surprised)
dialog: They're four dollar pants. Tu eres
dialog: mala!
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Mala?
dialog: (flirting)
dialog: I'm just being me, not mean... honest.
dialog: Honesty is a virtue, right?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Look, lie to me, tell me these are
dialog: the most beautiful pants you've ever
dialog: seen...cause you know what...they're
dialog: the only ones I got...and unless is
dialog: okay to take them off...I'm gonna
dialog: have to wear them al night long.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You will?
text: She blushes. Hector bends in pain hearing the tease...
text: Papo joins them briefly. Lights a joint. Before Hector can
text: even say hello, he's been handed a joint.
speaker_heading: PAPO
dialog: (to Hector)
dialog: Ladies First...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: No...I don't...
dialog: Puchi goes for the joint, Papo gives the joint right to
dialog: Hector.
speaker_heading: PAPO
dialog: (to Puchi)
dialog: You smoke in front of me and I'll
dialog: kill you. ..
dialog: (to Hector)
dialog: do you?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (takes it)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Papo walks away.
dialog: 16.
text: Hector studies the joint. First joint in his life. He takes
text: a drag and blows it right out. Puchi looks on.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Not like a cigarette, man...
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: you've never smoked have you...?
text: Hector fears what to say next, he'll do whatever he's got to
dialog: do to keep her next to him.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Mira...watch me...
dialog: (without a joint)
dialog: ...look, you're supposed to hold it
dialog: inside.
text: She mimics a smoking lesson specially for Hector. It's almost
text: a sexual act. Hector watches fascinated.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Wow! Here...let me try it again...I
dialog: think I got the rhythm of it...
text: He does it, like a good little student. In...and out...and
text: in and out...a turbo-giant toke that he can't hold....GETS
text: INTO A COUGHING FIT...HAS TO HOLD on to Puchi. Passes the
dialog: joint to her, she doesn't want it.
scene_heading: LATER AT THE PARTY
text: The night is winding down. Puchi and Hector are Slow dancing
dialog: to the Casino's great LOVE song "Then You can Tell Me Good
dialog: bye".
scene_heading: INT. PAPO'S APT. - NIGHT
text: The two of them slow dance around them in the funky living
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (eyes closed)
dialog: ...far out, right?
text: Hector looks blitzed....'arrebatao'. They're now alone in
text: the once crowded room. Hector is only wearing his shorts.
text: and shirt. Puchi is fully dressed. His plaid pants over
text: the sofa. His head in THE SONG:
speaker_heading: SONG
dialog: ".,..kiss me each morning for a million
dialog: years...hold me each evening, by
dialog: your side...and if it don't
dialog: work...then you can tell me
dialog: goodbye..."
dialog: But it'll work out...for the next 15 years of the tune.
dialog: 17.
text: It's all romantic and beautiful until Puchi notices Hector's
text: romantic face is turning blue, green, ash and he's losing
text: his balance and he leans closer and closer to her...almost
text: falling over her. She pulls him back, to check him...he's
text: about to pass out. She holds him up, to save him from going
text: backwards and over the sofa.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Not in the sofa...!
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -- NIGHT
text: Hector is being revived by Puchi, as he struggles over the
text: toilet, glancing at her...not sure of who she is or where he
text: is or why? A comical but defining moment in their lives.
text: Hector wasted, Puchi to the rescue.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Come on...are you Okay? What's your
dialog: name papi...come on, I don't want
dialog: you to die without knowing your name.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Hector Perezzz.......
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Don't die on me baby...not on my
dialog: birthday...promise?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I prom...
dialog: (he can't finish the
dialog: promise)
text: He manages a smile from the dead...staring at her...happy to
text: be dying in the arms of the most beautiful woman human eyes
dialog: ever laid whatever on. Happy dead.
text: She looks at him...smiling again, coming back to life,
dialog: gesturing with his chin...something...what?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You need mouth to
dialog: mouth...resuscitation? Is that it...
text: He nods...yes. She just laughs.
text: He shakes his head...he'll die if he doesn't get it...or
text: dies if he does. From the bottom of this bathroom floor
text: tonight and as dizzy as he was, he was a happy man.
scene_heading: EXT. TUXEDO CITY -- DAY
text: Mannequins dressed in every imaginable bad suit in the world.
text: Hector and Cookie land by the window of the place.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Look at that baby blue tux.
dialog: 18.
text: A badly hung over Hector explains to his friend Cookie.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I can't look...
text: Hector takes a glance at the wigged-mustachioed mannequin
text: has to look away...the L-train rattles above them.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I woke up in her arms, man.
dialog: Beautiful. She took care of
dialog: business...
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: What kind of business?
text: Coming up with a lie, an improvisation...an inspiration.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...the welfare of a man... dizzy
text: with desire... and passing out with
dialog: passion...she gave me life back.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: That good?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: No. That bad. I drank, I smoked, I
dialog: danced and then...I threw up all
dialog: over the poor girl...I doubt if she'll
dialog: ever see me again...I wouldn't.
text: They stop before going inside.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: You threw up? She will. Puerto-
dialog: Rican girls love that savior shit
dialog: bro...you're in. Did you really
dialog: vomit?
text: Hector nods.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You deaf or something? I said I
dialog: vomited...I was so high and dizzy...I
dialog: don't wanna do that shit again!
dialog: (re: a suit he likes)
dialog: I want the green one.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Pliz!
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: One minute I was in floor with a
dialog: goddess...next thing, I was dying in
dialog: her arms! My luck...
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: That's good. That's the best
dialog: impression you can make with Spanish
dialog: girls...is being sick. Matrimonio
dialog: brother! You vomit you marry.
dialog: They're natural born nurses...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...I woke up in the subway...I rode
dialog: from Manhattan to the Bronx four or
dialog: five times, until a cop woke me
dialog: up...the sun in my face...
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: That's love. It's in the marriage
dialog: brochure for outside of the island
dialog: romance! You've been rescued, man....
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You high already?
text: Cookies nods a 'guilty with pleasure' 'yes'.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: How am I going to see her again?
dialog: She liked me!
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: You're almost famous, bro. She'll
dialog: find you...find us.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTS POINT CASINO -- NIGHT
text: The show is wild. The energy is intense as Hector sings an
text: upbeat Salsa tune...and old Tejedor classic: "Escandalo".
text: His charisma with the now- packed- house is mesmerizing. A
text: chorus line of beautiful GIRLS DANCE IN FRONT OF THE
text: BAND...instant GROUPIES latino style.
text: But Puchi is the prettiest. Hector is dressed in the green
text: suit we saw earlier. He sings to Puchi, who dances her way
text: to the front of the stage with another girl, her sister ZAIDA,
text: another stunner, both dressed in mini skirts and Go-go boots.
text: Puchi puts on a show. The other girls don't have a chance,
text: as she elbows and bumps ‘accidentally' at the others...to
dialog: stake her claim... and drive Hector crazy.
text: He shakes his maracas at her...and she shakes back. It makes
text: him laugh and it gets him down from the stage and wrapped
dialog: himself around her...
scene_heading: AT ANOTHER TABLE
text: JOHNNY PACHECO, thirties, goateed and handsome and WILLIE
text: COLON, eighteen, skinny and dangerous, SIT AT A TABLE watching
text: Hector and the crowd with interest. Willie's yesterday's
speaker_heading: GANGSTA.
dialog: 20.
text: 100% attitude, but his smile lets it know that he really
dialog: likes this new guy Hector.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB - LATER
text: Hector steps down after his set and is immediately swarmed
speaker_heading: by GIRLS.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (yelling over music)
dialog: Buenas noches ladies! You mind if
dialog: we sit here with you?
text: Before any of them can answer, Cookie sits, Puchi turns around
text: and sees Hector.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Hello there...Is this a coincidence?
text: Hector moves his chair closer to one to Puchi.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What do you think?
text: He wipes HIS GLASSES off on his shirt, puts them back on.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: How do I look to you? Like a
dialog: coincidence?
text: He's wearing the green tux.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You look...like you still need a
dialog: fashion consultant. You look like a
dialog: palm tree. Where do you get these
dialog: outfits?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Is a rental...from Radio City.
text: They both laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY ROOF -- NIGHT
text: Hector climbs up from the fire escape onto the roof, guitar
text: in hand. A few dogs barking. He sees Puchi's window
text: lit...her silhouette walking by. He lets out a song...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
speaker_heading: (DISCUSS NEW SONG)
dialog: " The most beautiful sound I ever
dialog: heard...Puchi...Puchi...Puchi...1I
dialog: just met a girl named Puchi..."
text: She comes out the window. Sees Hector playing Tony for
dialog: her...it makes her so happy, he's such a fool in love and so
text: is she. She waves at him...to wait, she'll come down.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INTERVIEW flash...Puchi 2002.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: He was funny. Corny. No one I knew
dialog: did any of that. Romantic...yeah he
dialog: was very romantic...that first time
dialog: together was pretty
dialog: impressive...yeah...he went all out
dialog: for me.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET -- NIGHT
text: Cookie's Chevy Impala's, parked under a broken street lamp,
text: shakes like a subway car
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: Only the best...
scene_heading: INT. CAR -- NIGHT
text: Hector is on top as they make love on the torn back seat.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (breathlessly)
dialog: Oh, it hurts...it hurts...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What?...What?...me?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: No, the back seat...
text: Hector holds onto her as he FLIPS HER OVER ON TOP. She smiles
text: with relief, grabs him with her right hand and starts giving him
text: a hand job, winking at him, then starts to wildly ride him.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: (on fire)
dialog: I can't fuckin' believe this...
scene_heading: EXT. EAST SIDE HIGHWAY PARK -- NIGHT
text: Under The Brooklyn Bridge. They're sitting in a small park
text: bench. Smoking the cigarette after
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I don't do this with anyone.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I hope not.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I don't. I bet when you become famous
dialog: you won't even talk to me.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Are you kidding me? I'm in love
dialog: with you already... and I don't even
dialog: know you.
dialog: 22.
text: He stops her laughter with kisses. She purrs, kisses him
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: What's the first thing your gonna
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: When you become famous, silly.
text: Hector thinks as he watches the lights reflecting in the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Why are so sure I'm gonna become
dialog: famous?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I know about these things.
text: Hector decides to think about it.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Okay. Have a family...and buy a
dialog: brand new Cadillac. Then we won't
dialog: have to make love in that old piece
dialog: of shit...you need a tetanus shot to
dialog: ride that junk!
text: She laughs. He kisses her, tenderly...we hear music coming
dialog: from somewhere...
speaker_heading: HECTOR OS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ...ever since that night, we've
dialog: been together...lovers at first
dialog: sight...
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE & 23RD STREET. FLAT IRON BUILDING -- NIGHT
text: The end of ANOTHER night...and not a bad night at all. The
text: sun is coming up as Hector strolls down the empty street
text: singing to the city....still singing. He's a man in love
dialog: and in luck...and there's no better feeling.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ",,.Strangers in the night, two lonely
dialog: people...we were strangers in the
dialog: night..."
text: A taxi turns a corner from behind him...HEADLIGHTS spotting
text: Hector on his 'street stage', he turns, opens his arms to
text: the cab...his silhouette against the city lights. He's
dialog: arrived.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Dooby doo be dooo.....
text: The cab stops.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, brother...you spic'ingli? Si...?
dialog: 'Panita', can you make it to the
dialog: Bronx for $2.50? It's all I got.
text: A FULL BAND KICKS IN AND PLAYS...
scene_heading: INT. HUNTS POINT CASINO -- NIGHT
text: Frank Sinatra never sounded this hot. HECTOR FINISHES
text: SINGING...his salsafied version of "Stranger's in the Night".
text: The club is full, he's bringing in the crowds...and bringing
dialog: in other musicians and producers as well.
speaker_heading: HECTOR SINGING
dialog: ...in love forever, it turned so
dialog: right...for strangers in the night..."
dialog: (soneos)
text: Johnny Pacheco and Willie Colon are here again.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The good guy and the bad guy. Willie with his shades on, a
dialog: good guy living the thug life...and Pacheco, the teacher
text: Their guide through the new sound everyone is calling Salsa.
text: Hector is surprised they keep coming back. He walks straight
text: to their table.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You guys gotta be lost or something?
dialog: Are you?
text: Willie make no effort to shake Hector's hand. Johnny does.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (broad smile)
dialog: Not at all, man. Como esta, my name
dialog: is Johnny Pacheco from...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (amused)
dialog: ...from Fania Records. I know.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I've been hearing a lot about you
dialog: we've checked you out. You're good
dialog: man, you're really good.
text: Willie studies Hector, sipping his drink, pretending to be
text: unimpressed.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Gracias, gracias.
dialog: (to Willie)
dialog: I know you too. Willie Colon. Un
dialog: placer.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Tremendo trombone...no saxophone...I
dialog: like that...me encanta...tu eres muy
dialog: bueno, 'men'...chevere.
text: Willie nods as he shakes Hector's hand.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Thanks. I don't speak Spanish. I
dialog: like you too, bro.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Pero tu eres Spanish?
text: Willie nods 'yes'.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Vaya!
text: Johnny smiles, seeing they're getting along.
scene_heading: AT THE TABLE LATER
text: Johnny holds court. Hector and Willie listen attentively.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (dramatically)
dialog: Do you guys believe in destiny?
text: He leans into the table, motioning them to do the same.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (almost whispering)
dialog: Well I do. I believe destiny has
dialog: brought us to this club, to this
dialog: very table tonight.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I believe that you two guys have
dialog: been destined to perform together.
dialog: I believe that together, you will
dialog: take this town by storm.
text: He looks from Willie to Hector.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: You both have what the other one
dialog: needs.
text: The younger ones shake their heads at that.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sound good?
text: Hector smiles at the sound of that...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: You're a psychic... Everybody seems
dialog: to know something about my future I
dialog: don't. You're that sure?
text: Willie smirks his bad boy smile. Hector picks it right up.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I am.
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: You have anymore grass?
scene_heading: INT. PRISCILLLA'S APT. -- NIGHT
text: A quiet dinner with big sister, who is checking Puchi out,
dialog: protecting little brother.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: This are the best 'habichuelas' in
dialog: life baby...that's why I still live
dialog: here...who wants to leave?
text: Priscilla serves Puchi, who tries to be noble and lady
text: like...but suspects the line of questioning.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: Where were you born in the island?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I was born in this island.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Yeah...never even visited Puerto
dialog: Rico...never seen a real palm tree.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: But now she's got me. Palm
text: trees...beaches...mofongo in person.
dialog: You eat this habichuelas and your
dialog: Spanish starts coming back to you.
dialog: It's like Berlitz dining.
text: They laugh...but still, it seems a point of contention that
text: Puchi is a Nuyorican. She gets it.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Maybe one day I'll make it to Puerto
dialog: Rico.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: (looking at Hector)
dialog: I'll get there.
text: Hector takes her hand.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You're there, mami...next you meet
dialog: my father.
text: Kisses her hand.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: We're from Ponce. All of our family
dialog: still lives there. Me and Hector
dialog: are the only ones here. How long
dialog: have you guys known each other?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Days...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: But we're destiny, sis.
text: It's his own joke. It's quiet for moment while they eat.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: This is delicious...are they Goya?
text: Priscilla smiles.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: All your family here?
text: Puchi nods.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh...what does your family do?
text: Putting her fork down.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Sell dope...what is this? You're
dialog: with the FBI or something...I came
dialog: here to eat, not to be grilled.
text: She gets up...ready to walk out. Hector bolts out of his
text: chair...laughing, making light of it.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: No no...Priscilla is with the Ponce
dialog: police...come on sweetie...it's
dialog: cool...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: What do you mean 'it's cool'...whose
dialog: side are you on?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Priscilla)
dialog: And you? What makes you
dialog: so...different than me...you British?
dialog: Gimme a break!
text: Priscilla backs off...even Hector's silent now.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: Sorry...I wasn't trying to come on
dialog: that way...I'm just doing what a
dialog: mother, sister, father, has to
dialog: do...don't take it like that...sit
dialog: down let's eat...we'll fight later
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION -- DAY
text: Hector looks pretty spruced up...checks himself. New bell-
text: bottoms, paisley shirt, etc. Cookie is briefing Hector about
text: someone he's about to meet. An express train goes by, spooks
text: Hector as it roars through the station, but he's getting the
dialog: hang of it.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Jerry used to be a cop, became a
text: lawyer and now he's a thief. Stealing
dialog: every Latin musician blind...but
dialog: he's all we got. That's all I gotta
dialog: say.
dialog: (finger on his right
dialog: eye)
dialog: Be careful.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS -- DAY
dialog: (The same FANIA OFFICE we've seen before, but now in better
dialog: days.)
text: JERRY MASUCCI, bearded Italian, forties, fiddles with his
text: gold neck chains and looks at his watch repeatedly. A biz
text: meeting, Hector is being signed etc.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: We have big plans for you and Willie.
text: But something else has to be decided on...he notices the
text: seriousness of their faces. Like some crisis that has to be
text: dealt with soon, before it gets any worst. Hector is a little
dialog: lost right now.
speaker_heading: JERRY (CONT'D)
text: Starting with a record followed by a
dialog: tour. Now, do you have a lawyer?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (nodding to Cookie)
dialog: Yeah, sure I do.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Have him go over these contracts.
text: Johnny passes the contracts over to Hector
text: They look on with intrigue as Hector appears to be carefully
text: going over the documents himself.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: They're good. Got a pen?
text: Johnny hands a pen to Hector who signs with a crazy grin.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (as he signs)
dialog: Hectorrr... Pe...rezzzz!
text: Jerry and Johnny look at him shocked but sure as hell don't
text: try to stop him. They are very pleased.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (keeping his
dialog: professional composure)
dialog: Now, there is one more thing, and we
dialog: all gave this a lot of thought...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Something I did?
dialog: Pacheco nods 'no'
speaker_heading: MASUCCI
dialog: That name's gotta go...
text: Hector doesn't know who they're talking about.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Who's gotta go?
speaker_heading: MASUCCI
dialog: You...your name. It doesn't mean a
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Perez?
speaker_heading: MASUCCI
dialog: Yes, Perez. It's an unemployment
dialog: line name...you gotta have a name
text: that unemployment line looks up at.
dialog: Very politically incorrect.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: MASUCCI
dialog: Lavoe...
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: La...que?
speaker_heading: PACHECO
dialog: (pipes in)
dialog: Lavoe... 'the voice'.
text: Hector thinks, looks around the table. This means a lot to
dialog: all the money people...so, what the hell.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Lavoe. Won't the people think I'm
dialog: French?
text: Masucci starts to explain, but notices Hector is putting all
text: of them on. They all laugh.
text: THE MUSIC STARTS...
text: as the sounds and the voices in the scene FADE... a trombone
text: solo RIPS UP IN New York somewhere...followed by congas and
text: more drums and a band in full throttle...playing for their
text: life. A new sound baptized as salsa is being born in the
text: studio tonight. A mix of MAMBO, CUMBIA...RUMBA, JAZZ, BOMBA,
text: CHA CHA...all of it together like a gumbo: A sauce...SALSA.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- NIGHT
text: (THIS IS THE SAME STUDIO WE'VE SEEN BEFORE, ABANDONED AND
dialog: DEAD...now prosperous and new)
dialog: Here, history is being made inside..Though they might not
text: know it, the magic is in the air and each musician plays
dialog: furiously and freely. It's a session that will change Latin
dialog: Music.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Hector singing in the SOUND BOOTH at Fania Studios. The
text: CORO OF SINGERS...like soldiers...firing up after the MONTUNO.
scene_heading: MIDTOWN ROOFTOP...
text: Hector and Puchi are MAKING LOVE ON THE ROOFTOP of the studio.
text: Underneath the water tower, with the city watching...he tells
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Do you know how much I love you?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: No...tell me.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Well, look out there...see everyone
dialog: of those little lights...
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (teasing him)
dialog: The windows...?
text: Hugging her.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Baby, the stars...they're shining
dialog: for you...saying: 'Puchi, I love you
dialog: like no one's ever loved you...baby,
dialog: I love you'...and every night you
dialog: look at them, they'll be
dialog: there...saying the same thing.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Really? I heard that in the 'novela'
dialog: the other night...
text: They laugh and kiss.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Willie tearing his heart out with a Trombone that speaks
text: every language in life. Hands playing the Congas so fast
text: Timbales rolling up the dancing thunder...an electric bass
dialog: pumping the 'new move'.
text: HECTOR SINGING... Puchi watching.
dialog: Willie and Hector singing harmony...a special moment as we
text: see these two guys singing into one Microphone...their eyes
dialog: connected, lit up with that special sync, like you're adoring
dialog: an invisible God that stands between them.. so they don't
dialog: electrify one another to death: it's the rapture of the Music.
dialog: (if you've seen it, it's like watching two lover's making
speaker_heading: MAGIC)
text: THE TAPES ROLL...
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- NIGHT
text: SUDDENLY The studio looks empty. End of the session.
text: The song is PLAYING, but all the musicians are either lying
text: on the floor or inside the booth listening. Willie sits
text: close to the sound engineer....outside in the studio, we see
text: Hector...like the crazy person he is, talking to himself.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: See what your son is doing mami...not
dialog: bad, tell dad about it, okay...he
dialog: listens to you.
text: Puchi sees him. Understand him.
speaker_heading: MUSIC MONTAGE
dialog: 31.
text: He paces, sings to himself. Listens to the playback of his
text: first songs ever recorded. His first to be a HIT. "EL MALO".
text: "Que Lio", "Che Che Cole", etc. He dances with Puchi inside
text: the empty studio...lost in the moment. Salsa Heaven on Earth.
scene_heading: (A GIMME SHELTER ("Wild Horses") STYLE SCENE - In a way it's
text: like a scene out of a Rolling Stones recording...same drive,
dialog: same days, young people making music no one's heard before.
dialog: Good drugs, beautiful women, YOUTH...and that feeling WHEN
text: YOU KNOW YOU GOT SOMETHING RIGHTEOUS going. --A PEEK INTO
text: THE LIFE OF A SONG...and being young and eternal)
scene_heading: THE MUSIC SEGUES OVER...
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED DOCKS -- DAY
dialog: (Under the Brooklyn Bridge or downtown Beach St ALLEY)
text: Hector and Willie are both dressed like old- fashioned
text: GANGSTERS. WITH GUNS AND AN OLD HOODLUM CAR next to them.
text: They're shooting the album cover for the cover of "EL MALO"
text: Living so much in this moment, with their guns and admiring
dialog: women and FLASHING CAMERAS and a future....yes...the good
dialog: times were never going to end.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Not bad...
text: Willie adjusts his Al Capone hat. Swaggers closer to the
text: Rolls Royce. He's in a marijuana sixties latitude. Heavy
text: and... heavy. Profound street justice talking.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (smoking)
dialog: Crime pays Hector...
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: this is 'nuestra cosa'...our Latin
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I was just talking ‘in
dialog: character'...you know?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I wasn't.
text: CAMERA FLASHES...he sees a beautiful face in between the
text: blinding lights: Puchi, arriving to the shoot, grinning
text: happily when she sees Hector dressed like Zorro from Chicago.
text: She brings a smile to his face...
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER OS
dialog: Hector...come on, you gotta look
dialog: bad, man...tough...come on!
dialog: 32.
text: They can't help to bring out their best in each other once
dialog: in a while, like now. With a lust so strong, it's scares
dialog: you blind. Willie keeps mumbling...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (in the background,
dialog: still waxing poetic)
dialog: It's gonna be good to be Nuyorican
text: holding up a trombone instead or a
dialog: tray or a hotel elevator...
text: A NEEDLE being place on a 33RPM ALBUM. "Juana Pena" plays
text: over...BLACK.
dialog: "4969"
scene_heading: MONTAGE - CROSS CUT WITH CONCERT SHOTS...
scene_heading: 8mm HOME MOVIES. TOUR FOOTAGE.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL POOL -- NIGHT
text: MIAMI. Hector, Willie and band having a drunken, rowdy pool
text: party amongst normal guests. The manager comes, Willie tosses
text: him in the pool.
text: Shots of life on the road. A collection of fun memories.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM -- NIGHT
text: A transistor radio plays Jose Feliciano's hit "California
text: Dreamin". The band members are all passed out in one of the
dialog: rooms.
text: Hector walks down the hotel corridor. It's the end of a night
text: on the road. Parties in every room. He finally reaches his
text: own room. Inspects the key and room #. Opens the door. The
text: place looks too quiet, too serene. He hears a faint noise
text: coming from the bathroom...the fluorescent light spilling
text: into the dark room.
text: He shuffles slowly to the bathroom. As he opens the door
text: he catches Cookie wrapping a belt around his arm, a SYRINGE
text: between his teeth. He stares at Hector...who watches the
text: DRUG RITUAL, disgusted, at first.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Get in or get out, man.
text: He closes the door behind him. The needle, a foot away from
text: his face.
text: THIS WAS THE MOMENT HIS PAIN WAS WAITING FOR.
scene_heading: EXT. PAPO'S BUILDING. 9TH & D -- NIGHT
text: Small time drug dealing up and down the block. Hector, is
text: wearing a semi superfly suit and hat.
dialog: 33.
text: They sit on Papo's stoop sharing a joint.
text: A RUNNER strolls over and hands a BROWN PAPER BAG to Papo.
text: Hector nods and grins widely. Papo turns into a reefer-
text: street- corner philosopher and lays it out...as stoned and
text: as real and believes it himself.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...once you leave the island you're
dialog: not really attached to anything,
dialog: right?
dialog: Papo doesn't really sees it like that.
speaker_heading: PAPO
dialog: (stoned wise)
dialog: You are. To the other
dialog: island...Riker's Island...where you'll
dialog: go, even if you claim it was 'self
dialog: defense'.
text: Now Hector is lost in the street philosophy jive...but slowly
text: it becomes clear...and so does his predicament.
speaker_heading: PAPO (CONT'D)
dialog: Puchi's a tough woman, man. I could'a
dialog: killed her myself a couple of
dialog: times...but, hey...I'm her
dialog: brother'...so let me give a little
dialog: advise; ‘don't fuck with her unless
dialog: you wanna fuck with her'. You wanna
dialog: fuck with her, fuck with her. You
dialog: got my blessing. Live for today,
dialog: man, we're family.
text: Papo laughs. A staggered second later, Hector laughs. Fuck
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. TROPICORO CLUB - LATER
text: The energy is intense. The packed dance floor is on fire.
text: Willie is in the middle of a smokin' Trombone solo with a
text: flirtatious DANCER right in front. He sits on the edge of
text: the stage and PUMPS THE TROMBONE SLIDE as the dancer literally
scene_heading: STRADDLES IT.
text: Zaida, followed by A VERY PREGNANT PUCHI.
speaker_heading: ZAIDA
dialog: Move outta the way! Lavoe party
dialog: comin' through!
text: Puchi pats her stomach.
text: Hector sings "Que Lio" as a group of love- struck girls grab
text: at his pants.
dialog: 34.
text: Hector gives a wink to Puchi, who's standing behind a side
text: table with the Fania business guys. Priscilla, Ralph,
text: Jerry...the entourage. Puchi smiles, blows a kiss.
text: Puchi pushes herself up. The music building, the congas:
text: crazy. We see her belly...and so does Hector.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (to no one)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: She makes her way to the front of the stage...and just stands
dialog: there. Puchi and future family. Hector knows what's up
text: opens his arms wide and yells into the Mic.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (singing/soneo)
dialog: Okay, would you marry me baby? I'll
dialog: marry you, if you put it that way...
text: Puchi nods her head.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (still improvising)
dialog: ...I am gonna married this
dialog: woman...because I love her and if I
dialog: don't...Ay Que lio!! Candanga con
dialog: Burundanga!! Te quiero de gratis!
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS -- DAY
dialog: The Interview CONTINUES....
speaker_heading: PUCHI
text: He looked like an innocent choir boy
dialog: jibaro, but he wasn't.
text: BACK TO SCENE...
scene_heading: THE INTERVIEW.
text: Puchi shakes her head...as if listening to him...and agreeing
text: with whatever he's saying. She's almost IN A TRANCE.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: We were both pregnant.
dialog: (she still has a memory)
text: The other ‘woman in
dialog: question'...doesn't really matter at
dialog: this point...it wasn't meant to be,
dialog: right? I am the only woman.
dialog: Whether this is what the film crew came for, or not, this is
text: what they're getting. The love story. The heartbreak story.
dialog: Fuck Hector's music life...everybody knows that...this is
dialog: Puchi's Confidential.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: I just put a little more pressure...
dialog: or he liked me better...the day Hector
dialog: was at the baptism for his other
dialog: son...he left the church and came
dialog: over to see me. He said: "I'll take
dialog: you to Puerto Rico and marry you
dialog: baby"...and he never left. Men we
dialog: still men then...
text: THE OCEAN WAVES BREAK AGAINST THE REEF...
scene_heading: EXT. OLD SAN JUAN CHURCH -- DAY
dialog: One of the oldest churches built by the Spaniards when they
dialog: discover America. Little did they know...
text: A CHURCH ALTAR...the music stops.
text: Another stage, different performance. Dead quiet.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: The PRIEST and family stand at the altar waiting along with
text: all the FRIENDS and FAMILY who sit anxiously in the Chapel.
dialog: Zayda is holding little HECTOR, (Tito) only a couple of weeks
text: old. But someone is missing.
text: PUCHI IS BY THE DOOR...
text: as a look-out dressed in her wedding gown. She peeks her
text: head back in the door, slams it shut. Zaida and the
text: BRIDESMAIDS look at her blankly as she strolls down the
text: aisle...like a gunslinger.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Somebody give me a cigarette.
text: Zaida lights one, gives it to her. Puchi paces. Turns to
text: Ralph, who has just walked in. The Priest just chills, hoping
text: against hope, this is all a nightmare about to end.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: You're the new manager, right?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You look beautiful Puchi, beautiful.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Hector ain't here yet.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (stoned on weed)
dialog: You know Hector...he'll be here.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: That's right...where the hell is he?
dialog: Were you at the bachelor party?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Of course I was. Just calm down...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You calm down! I'm gettin' fuckin'
dialog: married here and he ain't showin'
dialog: up. What kind of managing is that?
text: She grabs his hand.
scene_heading: EXT. PUERTO RICO -- DAY
text: She marches down the LOBBY with Ralph and the Priest in tow.
text: Zaida picks up the long trail of wedding dress and follows.
text: THE IMAGE FREEZES ON HER FACE.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: He was like...on a 'Pussy Safari'...I
dialog: used to hear everything. Everything.
text: SAME FACE... thirty years later. Still telling the tale.
scene_heading: EXT. PUERTO RICO HOTEL - LATER
text: Puchi, Zaida, Ralph the Priest and a WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER
text: huddle around the MOTEL MANAGER as he opens the doors to
dialog: suite 315.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE 315 - CONTINUOUS
text: Puchi marches in with the Priest to the Bachelor party
text: aftermath. Bottles, drug paraphernalia everywhere. Band
text: members with CHICKS passed out on a couch and floor...the
text: debris of a good Led Zeppelin party. The stillness of dead
dialog: ecstasy.
text: Puchi walks over to Willie, who's sleeping on another couch
text: in his BOXERS with a GIRL in her bra and panties.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (shaking him)
dialog: Where's the ring?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh, shit...
dialog: (sees the priest)
dialog: Good morning Father.
text: Willie searches his pants, as if looking for change, brings
text: out the RING BOX. Puchi drags him over to the BED where
text: Hector is PASSED OUT in his boxers.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (top of her lungs)
dialog: Hector!
text: Hector jolts up.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: (sweet and loving)
dialog: Stand up honey. We're getting
dialog: married.
text: Hector, still loaded, can barely stand up or open his eyes.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I thought we were already married?
text: A bed sheet wrapped around his shoulders like a cape. Puchi
text: motions to the Priest.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Marry us. Hurry up.
text: Puchi holds Hector's hand.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (looking at the
dialog: decadence)
dialog: Dearly Beloved...we are gathered
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Forget that shit. Just do the "I
dialog: do's part."
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (clearing his throat)
dialog: Do you Hector...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: He does. Say I do, Hector.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (eyes closed)
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Do you Puchi...
speaker_heading: PUCHT
dialog: I do.
text: She looks at the passed out group.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Anybody object?
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (hushed/sincere)
dialog: Sorry Father. Is there any beer left?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Give him the ring Willie.
text: Hector takes the ring but needs some help putting it on
dialog: Puchi's finger. It's not a joke anymore.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I now pronounce you man and wife.
dialog: You may now kiss the bride.
text: But Hector stumbles with the moment of truth...his eyes
text: kissing her. A cigarette lit in his hand, he takes a smoke.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (blowing the smoke)
dialog: Okay.
text: A camera FLASHES. A CLAVE starts a rhythm. Maracas join in.
scene_heading: EXT. EL BARRIO CORNER -- DAY
text: In between the Botanica and the Bodega, a quintet of barrio
text: drunks, the usual gang of happy derelicts are singing along
text: to the SONG coming out of the ghetto blaster. Hector is
text: there with them, singing to the radio the song. Lip synching
dialog: himself.
text: Beers, cheers, joints...as they sing and dance, as if on
text: stage....suddenly, one of them spots a COP and elbows
text: Hector...who happens to be taking a toke of the joint. His
text: lungs about to explode, when he sees the cop coming straight
text: at him. But no one stops or runs...the whole gang stays in
text: place singing...going down with the ship.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: "Isla Linda y bonita de palmeras
dialog: benditas...
text: The cop arrives as Hector exhales to a side...impossible to
text: hide this much smoke...but before he can raise his hands to
text: surrender, the COP TAKES THE MARACAS away from him and starts
text: playing like a pro. The rag tag band is livid and close to
text: heart attack conditions as Hector and the COP HARMONIZE in
dialog: the chorus.
speaker_heading: HECTOR/COP
dialog: ...yo le canto a la isla del
dialog: encanto...
text: No one is getting BUSTED TONIGHT. The MUSIC BLASTS:
scene_heading: BLOCK PARTY/ EARLY FANIA MAGIC...in Spanish Harlem. The
dialog: audience shouts:
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CHORUS
dialog: ...Puerto Rico!!!!!"
scene_heading: EXT. EL BARRIO STREET (BLOCK PARTY)-- DAY
scene_heading: ( ALT: SAN JUAN/PUERTO RICO STREETS )
text: The streets are filled with the magic of the music and all
text: of the sudden the sidewalks are turned into pieces of San
dialog: Juan, Mayaguez, Bayamon or wherever you came from...people
text: dancing and cooking and laughing and feeling more together
dialog: than they had...a Puerto Rican RENAISSANCE in Manhattan.
text: Dancing in the streets...and on the bandstand, some of the
dialog: most handsome and fun young singers of the day; Ismael
text: Miranda, Willie Colon and Hector...in his pink glasses and
text: wide hats...and Johnny Pacheco, the band leader supreme.
text: The song Hector's singing is "PUERTO RICO". A gem of a song,
text: almost an anthem to Puerto Rico.
dialog: If there was ever one moment that galvanized a broken up
dialog: community, it was NOW. The after sixties- seventies. NOW
dialog: you weren't afraid of being what you where...and you said it
text: loud: Puerto Rican and Proud! The seeds of a NUROYICAN
dialog: NATION, if there was ever one.
text: Puchi notices as Hector leaves the stage.
text: LATER...
dialog: Nighttime. Same neighborhood, different circumstances.
text: HECTOR SCORES. Ends up in some filthy little stairway with
text: some of his FANS...and lots of dope. A post wedding concert
text: celebration, riding the glorious first year of a secret heroin
dialog: habit.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT STAIRWAY -- NIGHT
scene_heading: ( ALT: LA PERLA -- PUERTO RICO )
text: We hear voices...someone walking up the stairs. A junkie
text: peeks out the door to his apartment to see what's up.
speaker_heading: VOICE OS
dialog: (rushing up)
dialog: Hector's here, man...
dialog: But they're not talking about music.
text: Around the landing on the last floor is Hector alright. His
text: jacket is off and he's just finished shooting up. He's
text: rolling down his sleeve...jiving happily, dope rushing and
text: rapping.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (sees more dope
dialog: arriving)
dialog: Vaya! This is where it's happening
dialog: tonight, man...where the fuck are
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: JUNKIE
dialog: Heaven bro, Here...another bundle...on
dialog: the house.
text: Around him, three or four Lower East Side hard core dope
dialog: fiends party with the man. Yes, Hector is theirs too.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT
scene_heading: INT. HECTOR'S PLACE -- NIGHT
text: Puchi is sitting in the living room, pissed. It's one of
dialog: many nights she's learning to live with.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I just bumped into some friends,
dialog: men...and you know how it is...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Yeah, It's okay. I know how it is.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I was doing nothing...
text: She gets up and gets on his face, grabbing his arm.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: And what is this on you sleeve? A
dialog: blood test you had done after the
dialog: show...come on Hector...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Baby...it's nothing, just having a
dialog: little fun, experimenting and
dialog: shit...it's nothing. Everybody doing
dialog: it. Come on. Everything is
dialog: good...let's not...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Let's not what?
text: But Hector can't say it, not with any honesty, so he keeps
dialog: quiet. If she's ever right, it's tonight.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck it up? You think I don't know?
dialog: You know how many friends I had who
dialog: never got to take the fucking needle
dialog: out of their arm...you think that
dialog: growing up in the streets doesn't
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: teach you something? Please...you
dialog: have family now...I don't wanna bury
dialog: you on your son's third birthday.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Oh...come on. Now you're the school
dialog: cop? You get high...you like this
dialog: shit...
text: She stops him.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: No. Not that shit.
dialog: (her back to him)
dialog: That's not getting high, man...in my
dialog: book, that's killing yourself.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Hector please...I don't wanna be the
dialog: school cop. You make it, I make it.
dialog: Let's make it.
text: He walks over to her.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'll be careful...nothing's gonna
dialog: happen. ..okay?
text: The song "MONEY, MONEY, MONEY" plays over...
scene_heading: INT. CLUB OFFICE - NIGHT
text: A MONEY COUNTING MACHINE counts bills.
text: Willie and Hector each take a stack. They look like the
text: characters from the gangster album cover, they're living the
dialog: life. Early Scarface.
text: A FLASH BULB goes off...MUSIC PLAYS.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: MORE FLASHES. The room is filled with REPORTERS and PRESS
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS interviewing Hector, DRESSED IN A SHARP WHITE
text: SUIT AND COOL PRESCRIPTION SHADES, and Willie, DRESSED IN
text: ALL BLACK. Both hold GOLD RECORDS in their hands. Jerry,
text: Johnny, and Ralph, big smiles, stand behind them.
text: SUDDENLY THEY FADE from the room...and we are in
text: same room present time, with Puchi.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA CONFERENCE ROOM -- DAY
text: Puchi is walking around, almost recognizing the 30 years old
text: cigarette butts on the ashtray. Searching for a sign of
dialog: life. Her old life.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...Hector never really left Puerto
dialog: Rico, it was more like he brought
dialog: Puerto Rico over here with him.
dialog: He...showed us...but didn't know it.
text: LIVE MUSIC PLAYING...
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: He was simple...and he had all the
dialog: island we were missing...that was
dialog: the thing with Hector. His English
dialog: was bad, our Spanish was worse...and
text: it clicked. He spoke like
dialog: family...like someone you knew all
dialog: your life...his problems were your
dialog: problems.
text: She straightens one of the Gold records left on the cracked
dialog: wall.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS HOUSE - DAY
text: Hector stands outside on the front lawn, holding a now FOUR
text: YEAR OLD Tito's hand. Puchi opens the door to them. It's
dialog: home.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS HOUSE -- DAY
text: A fire place is going in the living room. The little boy is
text: standing in front of Hector...he looks sad.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: If you also wanted the little train
dialog: you better go out the window and
dialog: tell him, scream it...
dialog: (mock scream)
dialog: "my little train'...just say you
dialog: forgot...
dialog: Little Tito doesn't really buy it....
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Go ahead...tell him before he travels
dialog: away from Queens.
text: The boy runs to the window and begins hollering....
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: (top of his lungs)
dialog: I forgot to ask you for a little
dialog: train Santa....please....I forgot....a
dialog: little train...
text: Hector smiles as he watches his naive little son remind Santa
text: of the forgotten toy. His turn to be a good father. The
text: little voice is lost in the...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK SKYLINE -- NIGHT (STOCK)
text: Snow falling. A WHITE X MAS...
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Santa Claus is outside Hector's house, smoking a joint. He
text: picks up his Red Bag of presents and climbs up a small ladder,
text: goes through a window.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The room is dark. A little toy train runs through the tracks
text: in the living room...a tricycle next to it...along with many
text: other toys. Little Tito appears at the end of the big room,
text: cued by Puchi. The kid sees the train, wide eyed...and near
text: fainting...he also sees the legendary white bearded man from
text: the cards, the signs, now standing by the moonlight, right
text: across from of him.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (latino Santa)
dialog: Ho Ho Ho! Are you little Tito...
text: The little boy can barely stand, nevertheless speak...he
text: just stares...Puchi speaks for him.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Tito...di que si...
dialog: (like the boy)
dialog: Si...I'm Tito.
text: The boy moves a little closer, seeing the train going around
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: This is all for you little boy...a
dialog: present from Santa Claus...bye bye!
dialog: (to Puchi)
dialog: Tell his father...he's a good boy.
dialog: Ho Ho Ho...I'm a good boy too...Ho
dialog: Ho Ho...
text: Santa disappears in the night...we hear a crash after he
text: clears the window...and some grumbling in Spanish.
text: WE HEAR THE SOUND OF THE 'tres' playing softy somewhere...
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Puchi is asleep, alone in the bed. Right in front of her
text: is Hector, wearing his pajamas, admiring her, walking around
text: his sleeping beauty, the baby is next to her, lying by her
dialog: side. He cannot believe his luck...they're his.
text: We hear the sound of a 'cuatro' playing somewhere...a plena-
text: lullaby. He slowly, not to wake anyone up and spoil the
text: magic of the moment, gets himself in the bed next to her
text: Moving toys out of the way, he rests his head next to Puchi
text: and a Firetruck.
text: The SOUND OF THE 'cuatro" continues...
scene_heading: YEARS LATER...ANOTHER CHRISTMAS...
dialog: "Asalto Navideno"
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: FELIZ NAVIDAD! The whole room is filled with friends.
text: Willie, Johnny Pacheco, Ralphy, Jerry, Priscilla, Papo, etc.
text: Everyone richer; everyone slicker. A big Puerto-Rican feast
text: on a long table, in the middle of a SUPERFLY fashion blast.
text: On the walls: Leroy Neiman 'salsa' renditions of Hector and
text: other Spanish icons. We peek. It's all candid. Real life.
text: Everyone is singing the same 'plena'.
dialog: Tonight, Famous Latin musician Yomo Toro does the honors of
text: playing the little 'cuatro' guitar...bringing into snowy New
dialog: York all the heart and soul Jibaro music. We see Tito, now
text: a happy six years old boy singing along, helping mom out.
text: We also notice a small little poodle wearing a jibaro country
text: hat, a 'pava'...running around...into Hector's arms. Puchi
text: savors every bit of it.
dialog: This was a great happy time, nothing would ever be the same
text: THE MUSIC FADES OUT.
text: THE IRIS CHACON SHOW IS ON TV...
text: the wild Puerto Rican vedette camping it up, during her famous
dialog: TV days.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Puchi dubs the song as Iris dances and shakes her made-her-
text: famous- sculptural behind. She's doing an early
text: Tongolele/Grace Jones in the tropics choreography. Leather
dialog: and banana.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Te gusta?
dialog: 45.
text: Hector is sitting in the living room of their apt sipping a
text: Schaefer beer. Glassy- eyed, mellow.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Mami...mira. Move your behind so I
dialog: can see her behind...ces't vou pliz
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You're so funny...you can't handle
dialog: an ass like that.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: How much you wanna bet?
text: She turns to him. Mock-encabrona.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You know papi. This one you can
dialog: touch...this one is yours...and that
dialog: one...?
text: She does a little dance for Hector, imitating Iris, blocking
text: the TV set. Hector pretends to be looking for the TV, then
text: bolts out of his seat, grabbing PuchI from behind...kissing
dialog: her neck, she laughs...he loves it too....these are two people
text: madly in love with one another
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave me alone...
text: They fall on the floor, in the background, IRIS CHACON bumping
text: and grinding, climbing on top of a Harley Davidson...as Puchi
text: climbs on top of poor skinny little Hector, and starts
text: removing her blouse.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: (with a wicked smile)
dialog: You wanna watch TV...do you papito?
dialog: You wanna change the channel?
text: She starts kissing Hector...considers...
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think this will end?
text: Hector kisses her back...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PUCHT
dialog: This...
text: She bites his lip...starts unbuttoning his shirt.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: It's just starting...isn't it.
dialog: 46.
text: He looks at her, touching her face gently. She nods 'yes'.
text: He kisses her face over and over.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You know... I always dreamed of having
dialog: someone like you.
text: Kisses her...she kisses him back...and then, he pulls away.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I have an idea. Wanna do a little
dialog: coke?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Now? You nuts? I don't like that
dialog: stuff...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Yeah...but you like me...
dialog: (a little devil)
dialog: Right? Come on...
text: He takes a vial out of his pocket.
text: MARVIN GAYE PLAYS ON THE STEREO. "Inner City Blues". IT'S
text: MUCH LATER...
text: YEARS LATER.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS HOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: ...they're an experienced wasted couple...in their new house.
text: Still half- dressed. Wired and just realizing that it's almost
text: daylight, again. Hector's lying on the floor next to
text: Puchi...who is crawling around the expensive glass table. A
text: drugged predator. Another wasted couple (Willie & Wife)
text: parties around in another part of the living room. Pool water
text: shimmering in the walls...
text: Willie tries his best stoned playing the grand piano in the
text: living room, gives up and walks out into a patio: An electric
text: blue pool empty, waiting for a swimmer.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (in a bit of a panic)
dialog: Shit...we don't have anymore.
text: Hector smiles, smoking his cigarette, drinking his vodka. A
text: little something hidden up every sleeve. He moves to a sofa.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Says who?
text: Puchi turns to him. First mad, then glad...still on her
text: knees. He's dangling a little coke bottle in his hand.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: But you gotta do something for me
dialog: first...
text: Like a dog...he parts his legs open.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (looking at the other
dialog: woman)
dialog: Anything?
text: Puchi gets closer to him, to the coke.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Baby...look at her...
text: The woman is dancing seductively with Marvin Gaye, unaware
dialog: of the conversation. Maybe not.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You always wanted to... make it with
dialog: a girl...right? You said that....
text: Puchi looks at him, tempted, does a line before giving an
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Yeah. ..maybe.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'd like that...
text: The woman joins her man in the patio, starts stripping to go
text: for a swim, working the diving board like a runaway slut.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: How'bout you...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'll just watch...
dialog: (does a line)
text: Cleaning up her nose...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Yeah...but you go first with...him,
dialog: with Julio...come on, I wanna watch
dialog: too...come on papi...
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Puchi...it's not supposed to be like
dialog: that...you're fucking with me?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Why not? It'll turn me on...you
dialog: like men? You said that one night...
text: Hector looks around the room.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Of course not!...That's Willie! I am
dialog: aman...anyway, you'll be jealous
dialog: baby...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: No I won't...come on papi...go get
dialog: him.
text: Willie jumps in the pool wearing his suit, let's out a
text: holler...the woman laughs. Sits by the edge of the pool.
text: She spreads her legs slowly... stylishly dirty.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Then I'll do her...
text: They both start laughing at the absurdity of it.
text: Hector...hears a noise, he looks. A seven- year old Hectito
text: is watching his father and mother in some strange adult freak
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: ...we liked excess, yeah...we both
dialog: shared that...that sickness...that
dialog: crazy game...the whole insanity of
dialog: the coke and having everything...
scene_heading: INTERVIEW --
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- DAY
dialog: Confessions, accusations...the 30 years later version of a
text: lone survivor, when the truth goes in every direction.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...he went far, I went further...
dialog: There's no denying it.
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: We were terrible for one another.
dialog: That was the whole basis of the
dialog: relationship...see who could bang
text: the other one harder in the head...
speaker_heading: A FLASHBACK:
text: Hector SNEAKS THROUGH THE BACK DOOR OF SOME CLUB. Puchi is
text: waiting for him and as soon as he hits the street, she smacks
dialog: 49.
text: the other woman on her head and then goes for Hector...beating
dialog: the shit out of him.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What....what the fuck you're
dialog: gonna say... you bitch...eh? Who's
dialog: that bitch...your aunt...?
text: Puchi punches him....as the other woman runs away and no one
text: dares stop the fight. Only Hector who grabs her and shoves
text: her inside her car, parked by the alley. Once inside the
text: car, they look at each other....and start laughing.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: To Puchi 2002. Getting a drink. A cigarette, acting like
text: she was 'busy' backstage somewhere, in a big concert hall...
text: where Hector is about to perform. She lets her hair down.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: I remember too much...
text: Very faintly, WE HEAR THE VOICE OF AN MC ANNOUNCING A
dialog: SHOW... 'Ladies and Gentlemen...would you...etc'. She drifts,
text: gone for a second.
speaker_heading: HECTOR OS
dialog: I never forget you.
text: HECTOR's TALKING... it looks as if he was talking back to
dialog: Puchi.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (ref: audience)
dialog: ...I'm lucky I got you...well, I
dialog: don't know how lucky...
text: RAPPING IN BETWEEN SONGS as he used to, just everyday
dialog: talk...his special way of relating to his audience...from a
dialog: flat tire to a broken heart...yesterday's news or tomorrow's
text: doom or insults. An old black and white piece shot somewhere
text: in the trail, nuggets from the top. Hector does his stand
text: up between songs.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Llet me see...my mother died when
dialog: I was three, my brother died when I
dialog: was 15, my grandmother just
dialog: died...Jesus, I'm gonna have to kill
dialog: myself so I could have some company!
dialog: Don't go anywhere mi gente
text: Laughter from the crowd. Someone shouts 'sing'. Hector flips
dialog: them the 'bird'.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (acting lost)
dialog: Fuck you too. Now, what was your
dialog: question? Oh...the next song we're
dialog: gonna play?
text: MUSIC STARTS...
text: MUSIC PLAYS...
scene_heading: INT. CHEETAH -- NIGHT
scene_heading: (this COULD BE a PUERTO RICO show- OUTDOOR: LA PERLA, SAN
scene_heading: JUAN PARK, ETC or THE FLOAT/PR day parade idea--check)
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: THE FANIA ALL STARS AT THEIR BEST. Raw and intense. Camera's
text: rolling. But the band is totally unaware of HISTORY BEING
text: MADE TONIGHT. "Quitate Tu Pa'Ponerme Yo" grooves on, six of
text: the best singers in Salsa sharing a stage and a magic moment.
text: Puchi is on the side of the stage. A witness to the frenzy
text: and part of it...as she dances again for him. Ecstatic.
speaker_heading: HECTOR SINGING
dialog: "Move out of the way...quitate tu!"
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: The noise of the PRESS, the impressed, musicians, managers,
text: groupies and the usual shatter and electricity of ‘after a
text: historical show'. A happy Hector is in the middle of this
text: beautiful moment, as he realizes that Puchi is next to
dialog: him...sharing the success and the feeling of HAVING IT
dialog: ALL...of getting here together...and holding on to one
dialog: another.
text: He gets to make himself invisible in front of everyone and
dialog: hold her face close to him...the most important face to hold
dialog: on to.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Do you believe this?
text: She doesn't need to look around. She believes in him.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I love you...and you're here with
dialog: me.
dialog: (taking the room)
dialog: It's our time. I mean...you and me.
text: They stare at each, Puchi beaming, giving it all up for him
text: and his dreams coming true.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I love you.
dialog: 51.
text: The corniness and magic of the moment, is tainted by the
text: little sly move that no one sees, but we all know, as she
text: passes into his pocket a small little vial...it's a little
dialog: moment that will be big and damaging in their lives.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB BACKSTAGE - NIGHT
text: Disco music is heard in the b.g. The previous joy and peace
text: is out the window. It's tense inside this room.
text: Puchi sits on a couch with a glass of CHAMPAGNE, smoking a
text: large cigar very elegantly, dressed to kill in silky, rich
text: looking black dress. Willie leans against the door holding
text: on to his Trombone...anxious to get the show going...but
text: Hector's MIA. Willie and the band stand around upset...silent
text: the before the show shatter all wasted. Ralph taps his watch,
text: pretending it's not the 20th time he's done it in an hour.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I'm not a fuckin' baby-sitter...I'm
dialog: his wife...in case you forgot.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: You don't know where he goes?
dialog: Everybody else does...wife.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Then go find him.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I don't care if he makes you
dialog: wait...he's not gonna make me wait...I
dialog: worked too hard to get to stand on
dialog: that fucking stage.
text: Puchi gives Willie an amused fuck- you- smile.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Did you really?
text: It's tense and ugly and different, because it's a woman
text: snarling in a man's world.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (to Ralph)
dialog: Why is she here?
text: Willie walks out.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Willie is right. You shouldn't be
dialog: defending Hector this time...he's
dialog: fucking up.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Did anybody ask for their money back?
dialog: Ralph never gets to answer.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: _, (pushy)
dialog: Did they?
text: A moment later, Hector casually walks in...with Willie.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Everybody out! I gotta talk to
dialog: Hector.
text: Hector smiles, unaware of any problem, ready with a true-
text: tale of Lavoe's life. After a brief stare down, Ralph walks
text: out followed by the band...Puchi stays.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Puchi)
dialog: You too....please.
text: She struts out.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Cono man, my dog ran away with my
dialog: car keys...ate them...I had to borrow
text: a neighbor's car to get here.
text: Hector gives Willie a sheepish smile.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You fuckin' happy with yourself?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I don't know...what did I do? That
dialog: was a true story.
text: Willie almost laughs, but holds on to playing the bad cop.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's me Hector. Not the others. I
dialog: like to fuck around too, Hector but
dialog: I take this seriously.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: So do I, bro...Willie, listen...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I wanted you in my band because I
dialog: saw you had a one in a million voice.
dialog: And we've gotten far. But if now
dialog: you wanna fuck yourself up, do it on
dialog: your own time, not on
dialog: mine...understand? You need help
dialog: I'll help.
text: Off Screen we hear, the MC announcing the start of the show.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You know I love you, man.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: If this is about love, try lovin'
dialog: yourself, I get plenty of love and
dialog: still get here on time.
text: He embraces Hector...with love, with care.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm your brother. Come on, let's
dialog: kill them.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The driveway is packed with cars, half parked on the front
text: lawn. A NEW MERCEDES pulls up, parks on the street. Puchi
text: jumps out of the car when she sees Tito skating.
speaker_heading: PUCHT
dialog: Shit!
text: Tito rides up on his skates.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Hi, mommy...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: What are you doing out here at this
dialog: time?
text: The boy stops, unsure he's doing anything wrong.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Playing...dad said it was okay.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Get inside! Now!
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Puchi flies into the living room, dragging Tito by the hand.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Where is he?
text: As Tito shrugs...GUN SHOTS ring out from under the living
dialog: room floor.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT -- NIGHT
text: The band is hangin' out in the Adult Play Room. BARRY WHITE
text: blasting from a JUKE BOX. "Never Never Gonna Give You Up".
text: Hector mocks and lip-syncs Barry.
text: A few guys play pool on a NEW POOL TABLE. A couple of others
text: take pot shots with .45's at a DART BOARD riddled with bullet
text: holes, hanging on the wall, also riddled with holes.
dialog: 54.
text: A couple of others sit on a plush couch with Hector, who
text: holds a TRAY FULL OF COCAINE in one hand, a GUN in the other.
text: More shots are taken at the dart board. Just as a GUY leans
text: in to take a snort off the tray.
text: Puchi FLIES down the stairs, races over and SLAPS the whole
text: tray INTO THE AIR.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (crazy mad)
dialog: Everybody get the fuck out! Now!
text: Everyone scrambles to get out. As the guy attempts to snort
text: some of the lost cocaine off the couch, Puchi kicks him in
dialog: the ass.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Hijo de Puta!
text: Hector is left alone, standing with the tray in his hand
text: gun in the other.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Puchi, that was some good shit...two
dialog: grand worth of it! What got you
dialog: crazy tonight?
text: Puchi grabs the tray and whacks him in the head with it.
text: Hector is too stunned to do anything but back away.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You let our son out on the street at
dialog: ten o'clock at night while you're
dialog: down here with these fuckin' low
dialog: life leeches...in my house, getting
dialog: high and shooting off guns!!
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Tito was fine until you came home.
text: All the time, the gun in Hector's hand. Puchi looks at
dialog: it...it's implications and possibilities.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Put that fuckin' thing away.
text: Hector, belts the gun, shrugs and starts for the stairs.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'm gonna pretend this didn't happen.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Yeah...like you always do....it's
dialog: the story of your life. Nothing
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Your mother didn't die, your father
dialog: doesn't hate you...and your brother's
dialog: still scoring dope in Harlem
dialog: somewhere.
dialog: She's crossed the line
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Where you goin'? To do more drugs?
dialog: To spend all our fucking money on
dialog: drugs?
text: She goes after him, tries smacking him in the back of the
text: head with the tray. He pushes her away.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You know the problem with you? You
dialog: should'd been born a man, not a woman.
dialog: You would've been a great tough guy.
text: Hector starts to run up the STAIRS. Blood running down his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You motherfucker!
text: As she races after him, wildly swinging the tray...
text: She looses her balance, FALLS ON THE TRAY and SLIDES DOWN
text: THE STAIRS. HECTOR looks back at her. She's okay. He laughs
text: and keeps going.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Hector walks to his car. Puchi chases him after him.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Go ahead! Leave your wife and son!
dialog: You no good piece of shit junkie.
text: He turns around...making sure this is his wife screaming out
dialog: all this horror.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: You heard me, yeah, I said that...
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- NIGHT
text: The place is empty. Except for Willie. Hector has already
dialog: cleaned up a little bit.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You have two problems....and I don't
dialog: know which is harder to quit...
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...neither, cause I'm used to both
dialog: of them...and learned to live with
dialog: both of them...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: But one will kill you.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I think drugs are easier to quit
dialog: than that woman...
text: They remain silent...just the jukebox playing oldies. Hector
text: watches the traffic. Imagines all the happy people passing
text: by in their cars.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I cannot tell you what to
dialog: do...stubbornness runs in the
dialog: family...
text: Hector turns to him, smiles....trying to shift the
text: conversation. Or finally knowing what to say next.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You know, there's this cop, this
dialog: woman cop...comes to a lot of my
dialog: shows...says she loves me...I don't
dialog: know whether she wants to marry me
dialog: or bust me...should I just raise my
text: hands and walk out peacefully...?
text: They both laugh.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You'd be better off arrested...right
dialog: now any way...look at you....you're
dialog: like The Fugitive...remember how
dialog: much you used to like that show?
dialog: Well, you've become that man...running
dialog: away from something you haven't done.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Willie, I'm not that innocent
dialog: either...
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: ...and I love her.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS STREET -- NIGHT
text: Hector comes to serenade her in the middle of the night. To
dialog: ask for forgiveness in the only way he knows how, or the way
text: he dopes it best. A guitar and maracas...like an old
text: fashioned trio from a time warp, in the sidewalks of Queens.
dialog: 57.
text: Hector singing the most romantic and heartbreaking bolero in
text: life. Willie is with him...ragged trombone moans and all.
text: Puchi eventually comes out the window...nodding, hushing him
dialog: first....then pretending to be forgiving...just in time for
text: the neighbors to become a selected audience to a love trial -
text: put to music, as Hector sings soulfully Tito Rodriguez's
dialog: heart-breaking "Inolvidable".
dialog: But this alone will not do the trick.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HOUSE ( different exterior LOCATION 7?)
text: Puchi listens. Hector explains Hector.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...I'm sorry baby...what else do you
dialog: want me to do?
text: She just lets him hang in that awful space a little bit
dialog: longer.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: ...I forget what I have... it's like
dialog: that.
text: He opens his arms, in that classic and final
text: gesture...finished with his defense and ready for sentencing.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You know, people tell me I should
dialog: just dump you...you know how fuckin'
dialog: pissed off that makes me?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Because I love you... and I love
dialog: Tito... and I want us to be together
dialog: It's that too much? Isn't that what
dialog: you want?
text: But she doesn't even know what she wants to say or hear.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Hector...I just...I just want you to
dialog: say ‘you're gonna try to make things
dialog: work'. I want you to say you're
dialog: gonna spend more time with Tito. I
dialog: want you to say you're gonna stop
dialog: with all the drugs...I want you to
dialog: say you love me.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Puchi, you want a lot. I do love
dialog: you...but I can't make that many
dialog: promises in one night....I'd be lying
dialog: to you. Of course I love Tito...it's
dialog: got nothing to with that...and I
dialog: know how much to give to me...it's
dialog: just...
dialog: 58.
text: And it comes out silent. His pain has always been
dialog: private...maybe the one and only thing left all his.
text: Puchi's serious demeanor starts to crack after hearing those
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Do you think we could try to love
dialog: each other a little more...more
dialog: carefully...maybe become a happy
dialog: family...that's all I want Hector
dialog: is for us to be a happy family.
text: Tears are streaming down her face.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: I never had one...
dialog: (with a broken smile)
dialog: ...I was hoping...
text: Hector leans over, wipes them off. He kisses her tears
dialog: away...in love with trouble and the wrong lover. No better
dialog: feeling.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEW
text: CLOSE ON TODAY'S PUCHI.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- DAY
dialog: She smiles at the memories, these wars were fun...and were
dialog: all she ever had.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM -- DAY
text: Puchi wakes up alone. Hector is gone. She jumps up ina
text: panic, races out of the room.
text: Down the stairs. Through the living room. Dining room.
text: Into KITCHEN where...
text: The table is set and Hector, in his underwear is busy cooking
text: BREAKFAST over the hot stove which is a MESS. He comes out
dialog: of the smoke...his son helping him.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Buenos dias, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: (excited)
dialog: We made fried eggs...and pork chops...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...and beer.
text: She tries to control herself...and enjoy the day.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh...that's beautiful...
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: I'm joking...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (winking at Puchi)
dialog: Sit down, honey. It's all okay. I
dialog: have a crazy idea.
scene_heading: MONTAGE: THE HOME MOVIES
scene_heading: (FAMILY VACATION IN PUERTO RICO)
scene_heading: INT. COLONIAL HOUSE -- DAY
text: His father walks through the simply furnished LIVING ROOM
text: into the KITCHEN busies himself getting some coffee.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...how have you been?
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: The same I've always been.
dialog: Hector realizes this ain't a happy reunion.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: So...I'm here...
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: I know. I read the papers.
text: Awkward silence. Father gets up, goes inside. After a
text: moment, Hector follows.
speaker_heading: PAPA (CONT'D)
dialog: . a drug addict with many arrests
dialog: and scandals. Yes, I've read about
dialog: you.
text: His father stops abruptly, walks out. Goes back into the
text: living room, randomly starts cleaning. Hector follows
dialog: again...but now he wants some answers.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Everyday I do the wrong thing and
dialog: everyday I find out how to stop from
dialog: doing the wrong thing...and I'm
dialog: trying, but I don't stop...I thought
dialog: that coming here...was the right
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: Why did you come here? I didn't
dialog: invite you here...
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...I wanted to see my father, wanted
dialog: to surprise you...and I was hoping
dialog: he wanted to see his son.
text: His father just moves further away...as if Hector wasn't
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: What's it gonna take, viejo?
text: Hector starts looking at OLD FAMILY PHOTOS on the mantel
text: his brother, sister, grandmother. As he picks up one of his
text: father and mother as a young, happy couple...
text: Hector walks closer to his father.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe I don't know what it's like to
dialog: lose your own son.
text: The old man knows, but still turns his back on Hector, looks
text: out the window. As if he knows it too well and now only
text: hears a ghost speaking behind him.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: But I know how it feels...not to
dialog: care about living anymore because
dialog: you grieve and you hurt.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: I lost a wife and a son...and you.
dialog: How do you feel?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I don't know. Maybe it's late but,
dialog: yeah, I'm trying to be your son.
dialog: Why can't you be my father?
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: Please, I'm an old man. Leave me in
dialog: peace.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'll leave...but I'll go on with my
dialog: life. I love my son...and I can say
dialog: it! I have no problem with that.
text: Hector walks to the door
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: All I ever wanted was for you to
dialog: tell me you loved me and you were
dialog: proud of me...you can't do that?
dialog: It's your problem, I've learned to
dialog: live with it.
dialog: 61.
text: In his eyes, all the sorrow that gave him all the soul.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Puchi is in the bed, watching Hector fix his tie in the
text: mirror...dressing up for the show. A show in itself.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Goin' to work early?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Si, gonna surprise Willie.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND EXPRESSWAY -- NIGHT
text: The Caddy is stuck in a HUGE TRAFFIC JAM. A sea of
text: headlights. The MIDTOWN TUNNEL up ahead & Manhattan.
scene_heading: INT. CADDY -- NIGHT
text: Stuck in traffic. Hector does a little blow, of course, as
dialog: if getting higher would get him there faster, but nothing
text: works. The traffic doesn't move. Hector POUNDS on the
dialog: steering wheel. No cell phones in those days.
scene_heading: EXT. EL CORSO CLUB - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Discouraged FANS leave the club. A disgusted Willie and The
text: Band are leaving as well. They stand on the sidewalk as the
text: band boy lines up the INSTRUMENT CASES.
text: Hector pulls up in his Caddy, double parks.
text: Hector gets out of the car, stoned, crazed. He walks over
text: to Willie who doesn't even acknowledge him.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You're not gonna fuckin' believe
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You're right, I won't.
text: Willie walks down the sidewalk. Hector follows.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Pero, Willie. Que pasa? Dejame
dialog: explicarte. Lemme'splain, man.
text: Willie stops, faces Hector.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Hector, I can't deal with this shit
dialog: anymore man...tu sabe? I quit. The
dialog: band is yours.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: Tu esta loco chico? You're gonna
dialog: break this up because of me...?
dialog: Come on...don't mind me. Man..not
dialog: now...we're at the top...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Good for you. It's your band.
dialog: Hector, I can't work with your crazy
dialog: shit anymore, man. I'm a musician
dialog: too, remember? I don't like being
dialog: the 'straight guy', cause I'm not...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You're joking right? Ta' jodiendo?
dialog: You're fucking with me?
text: Willie opens the door to his BUICK ELECTRA. As he puts his
text: Trombone case in, TWO PRETTY WOMEN walk up to Hector.
dialog: Hardcore fans.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ONE
dialog: (nervously to Hector)
dialog: Excuse me...we waited three hours to
dialog: hear you sing...
text: Hector thinks she's gonna smack him. He backs up.
speaker_heading: WOMAN TWO
dialog: We really did...
text: She pulls out one of Willie and Hector's RECORD ALBUMS...but
text: doesn't hit over the head with them.
speaker_heading: WOMAN TWO (CONT'D)
dialog: Could you sign this? We just love
dialog: you.
text: Hector smiles and signs the album as Willie, looks and gets
text: in his car.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ONE
dialog: Thank you...hey...
speaker_heading: WOMAN TWO
dialog: Come on, Wanda.
text: Willie starts the engine. It makes Hector rush over to try
text: to uselessly stop him.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Why don't we go talk quietly you and
dialog: I?
text: The car window goes down.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I told Ralphy to cancel all our gigs.
dialog: I'm moving on. You do the same.
dialog: I'll work with you, but not on the
dialog: same stage. I'm around for you
dialog: anywhere else...
text: Willie smiles, understanding, but terminal.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: ...we're family.
text: He drives off. Hector stands stunned, his whole world rocked
dialog: by his own disorder.
scene_heading: INT. HECTOR'S PLACE. LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: He walks into the house. Puchi is no where in sight and
dialog: neither is his son.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Hello? Mami, where are you? Tito?
text: He looks around. It's too quiet. Goes and searches in the
text: kitchen. No one.
text: MUCH LATER...
text: Hector sees the headlights swing piercingly though the window
text: across the darkened living room...washing over his face,
text: then settling in the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. PUCHI'S CAR -- NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Puchi turns off the lights of the car. She sees that Hector's
text: car is there. She's all made up and dressed to kill...or to
text: fuck another man. She looks tense.
scene_heading: INT. HECTOR'S PLACE. LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: She comes in shielding herself with Tito. Closes the door
text: behind her. Almost TV casual.
speaker_heading: PUCHT
dialog: Hector?
text: Before she can hear a reply, Hector's on top of her, swinging
text: her across the living room...over a sofa.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Where the fuck were you...you fucking
dialog: whore, puta de mierda!
text: Puchi lands on the floor...ugly and violent.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Hector...you're crazy! What's gotten
dialog: into you?
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Where the fuck...come on...you're
dialog: stoned, right? Look at you...
text: She can only come up with a little smile.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Look at you...
text: The little boy starts crying and screaming.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Please stop it...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I was at my sister's! What's wrong
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (to the boy)
dialog: Was she?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You fucking bastard! Not the kid...!
text: She punches him back, but he doesn't hit back...he just backs
text: away, to take a better look at her. To get back harder.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Papi stop...stop!
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Dressed like that...como una puta.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Como una puta...and since when don't
dialog: you like it?
text: He can't answer to that. Hector looks at Tito, who is once
text: again alone or in the middle...looking at his family, as if
text: looking at strangers.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanted to surprise you...I went by
dialog: the Club...where were you?
text: Hector is now puzzled, confused, guilty...even is she's not
dialog: really innocent. He can't speak
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Where the fuck where you?
text: Hector crumbles down...his turn to cry like a kid himself.
dialog: It's not about believing or not believing her tonight. No
dialog: one wins.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'm so sorry...I'm sorry Tito...
text: He tries to grab Tito...who refuses and stays alone. It's a
dialog: horrible moment when your own son fears you.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Come on Tito...it's your dad...it's
dialog: okay...he's just upset at
dialog: something...not at you...he loves
dialog: you.
text: She's talks to the boy, while she looks at Hector, playing
dialog: it out...using the boy, their love, anything to stop him and
dialog: make him believe her story....and find out his. It's lovers
dialog: that can only feel through pain and can only exist hurting
text: each other to make sure they're alive.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Hector is sitting by the bed staring at the wall to wall
text: mirror in front of him. He's numb.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I was late...again.
text: She sits down next to him.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: That motherfucker! What happened?
text: Hector smiles at the absurdity of the end. Speechless.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: So what? People like you, late.
dialog: He's nothing without you, fuck him!
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Fuck me. I am the one that got
dialog: fired...He was right, I'm fucking up
dialog: my career...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: He told you that?
text: He looks away from her, goes for a drink.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Not in those words.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You're the best. Everybody knows
dialog: that, Hector. Let him go out there
dialog: and sing with that squeaky little
dialog: voice of his...it's his loss.
text: Puchi starts to take off her fancy dress, Hector notices the
text: black lingerie. And then...it's back to the start.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Where were you?
dialog: She's been through this a hundred times. She knows it and
dialog: so does he.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I went to my sister's and then I got
dialog: some chicken...I thought you were
dialog: coming in late. Baby...
text: Hector looks right up at her. Even if his worse suspicions
dialog: are true, he can't let her go.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: (gently, motherly)
dialog: Okay, we're gonna take a couple of
dialog: Quaaludes, get under the covers and
dialog: hold on to each other, for a change.
dialog: When we get up, everything is gonna
dialog: be okay.
text: She finds the pills, undresses him, gets in the bed and
text: cradles him. They're both feeling numb and peaceful.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't worry Papi, we'll figure it
dialog: all out.
scene_heading: INT. A STAGE SOMEWHERE -- NIGHT
text: Hector and 'his' band are playing a slow Bolero. He looks
text: alone on stage. Willie's is a confusing loss, another
text: rejection, another brother gone.
dialog: Now he's a more 'sophisticated' Hector, with the sins and
text: the fads of the moment. Cool, aloof, hardly moving, just
dialog: the necessary sway for the song...and the mood. Less is
dialog: more. And the people like him more. The more drama, the
dialog: more they love him.
dialog: He has the money, the habit, a future and all the trouble
dialog: success requires sometimes...but something is off tonight.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE -- NIGHT
text: Puchi finds him sitting alone in his room....he looks tired
text: and worn, his smile crooked and turned off.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: It was my father's birthday today...I
dialog: called, but he didn't pick up the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (like a bad
dialog: psychiatrist)
dialog: Maybe he wasn't home.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I tried ten, fifteen times.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: The sound of NIGHT CRICKETS are heard coming through the
text: open window. As Hector stares at the window and listens
text: his eyes flutter.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You ever tried looking at the Coqui
dialog: singing?
text: He picks up a little statuette from the night table. It the
dialog: classic little green frog native of Puerto Rico. The Coqui.
text: The little COQUI FROG sits on the bed now...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...in the Bronx...no no, never saw
dialog: one, you're right? So?
text: She cuddles next to him, he puts her arm around her.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You see the Coqui? Their singing is
dialog: a very special sound....but they
text: only sing in two notes...one tune.
dialog: That's it...over and over
dialog: (imitates them)
dialog: That's all... They thrive everywhere
dialog: in Puerto Rico but they cannot survive
dialog: anywhere else.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (with affection)
dialog: You are very much like the Coqui, I
dialog: guess Hector....fuck, you can be
dialog: depressing, man. Look at me...am I
dialog: in love with a frog? Tell me you're
dialog: depressing...
text: She puts her arms around him and hugs him..
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Watch out...I think you got the little
dialog: frog right under your...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Ouch...you.....
dialog: (kissing him)
text: On the TV...news. 1974 Viet Nam. The FALL OF SAIGON...the
text: helicopter shot ABOVE THE American embassy.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - EARLY AM
text: Puchi blindly feels for Hector in her sleep. Instinct snaps
text: her awake. She gets up and sees...a silhouette.
text: HECTOR sitting in a chair, HOLDING A 45 AUTOMATIC and staring
text: at her with a glazed calm over him.
speaker_heading: PUCHT
dialog: Hector....
text: He doesn't respond nor acknowledge her getting up.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Honey...? You okay?
text: Puchi slowly picks up the phone, dials.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: (hushed voice)
dialog: I need an ambulance, right away...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM - DAWN
text: Amongst other concerned families, Zayda sits patiently,
dialog: attending to her own heartbeat...this is difficult on
text: everybody. Puchi talks to a DOCTOR. WE DON’T HEAR THE
dialog: CONVERSATION, but we know what they saying.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: . you're aware that your husband
dialog: is like a walking drugstore? His
dialog: arms...
text: She cuts in, with a 'please stop the bullshit' left arm
text: gesture that almost hits the Doctor.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Tell me something' I don't fuckin'
dialog: know. I wake up and I see my husband
dialog: lookin' like a character in a horror
dialog: movie, holding a gun! What the hell
dialog: is that?
text: IN A WHITE CELL...
text: Hector sits alone, staring off into space. Peacefully turned
text: off. No singing, no talking, no one to watch. Withdrawn
text: and in a drug withdrawal.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: ...I would've loved checking myself
text: in somewhere and taking a break
dialog: too...but I couldn't do that.
text: He trembles, shakes, silently begging for a fix, to at least
text: patch things up with himself and go through madness with
dialog: some dignity.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS -- DAY
text: Puchi walks and paces, The CAMERA CHASING her, like a caged
dialog: panther, hungry...but there's no one here to eat today...she
text: settles for another KOOL. Lights up.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: . we had a kid who kept asking
dialog: 'where's my dad...where did he go?'.
dialog: What are you gonna tell him...Okay
dialog: son, your dad is insane and we've
dialog: locked him up so we wouldn't harm
dialog: himself or maybe kill me...or
dialog: you...who knows...'.
text: She checks herself on a reflection by the window...glimpses
text: at the world outside, bad reality on 31 street. She returns
text: to the camera, the fantasy, and a little attention.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: No matter how 'crazy' I got, I
dialog: couldn't do that...no matter what he
dialog: did: Daddy was the king...that's all
dialog: he needed to know...but he knew
dialog: something was up. Kids know.
text: She thinks for a second, everyone in this story is dead.
text: She shakes her head... in her own crazy moment...a recurring
text: moment that doesn't seem to go away ever.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: But men like Hector don't go to
dialog: AA...or therapy or nothing...He'd
dialog: recorded 12 albums by 1975...had
dialog: like seven #1 Songs. Drugs, sex,
dialog: wife, kids...other women...all you
dialog: need for a good guy to break down
dialog: and...get away...like a vacation.
text: MUSIC PLAYS....
text: We see a FLASH OF Puchi today (2002)...staring at city, the
dialog: traffic.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDEZ - DAY
text: The radio plays Bowie's "FASCINATION". In the rear view
text: mirror we see a pair of beautiful darting eyes, as if the
text: were dancing, but they aren't.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: A well deserved one.
text: Puchi drives up a long driveway to a gate that reads Creedmore
text: State Hospital in Queens. She finishes doing her lips. She
text: looks stunning, cool and confident, as if driving up to her
text: new country home. Not at all like the wife of an UNRAVELED
text: SALSA SINGER playing the nuthouse.
dialog: 70.
text: Zayda is sitting next to her. Turns the music off. Showtime.
scene_heading: EXT. CREEDMORE STATE ASYLUM -- DAY
text: As Puchi is getting out of the car, she sees Priscilla, who
text: heads directly for her. She notices Puchi's dress.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: Going to a dance?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: He's your brother...but he's my
dialog: husband too. Give me a fucking break
dialog: would you?
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: I wish I could, but from the first
dialog: day you met him and from the first
dialog: day I met you...I had a bad feeling.
dialog: His father never wanted him to come...
dialog: so he'd never meet people like you.
dialog: I always wanted to tell you that.
text: Puchi feels the punch, but it's just the wind. She walks
text: away, leaving Priscilla talking to herself.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You said it. I hope you're happy
dialog: now. Ciao Priscilla...mind your own
dialog: business...go get fucked and all of
dialog: that. You may not like 'my kind',
dialog: but he doesn't seem to mind it too
dialog: much.
text: Priscilla stops to give it to her.
speaker_heading: PRISCILLA
dialog: Look where he is.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -- NIGHT
text: Lines of cocaine in the mirror. The face of Puchi appears
text: in the reflection, made up for some kind of 'party', she
text: gets closer to the mirror...hovering over it. Her face closer
text: and closer to it. She looks as crazed as Hector, finally.
dialog: One down, one to go.
text: AN OLDER PUCHI STARES AT US, AT CAMERA.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- DAY
text: She nods silently, affirming some nightmare she remembers.
text: But she doesn't say a word, maybe for the first during the
text: interview, she can only stay quiet and let the shame stay
text: out of the story. No questions no words....as the CAMERA
text: rolls on_and Puchi avoids any incrimination.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS HOUSE -- DAY
text: Cookie and Tito play catch in the front yard. The Mercedes
text: pulls into the driveway. It's Hector coming home reception.
text: As Hector and Puchi get out.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Dad!!!!
text: Tito runs over and hugs his daddy. Hector holds on to his
text: son, closes his eyes, pressing the little kids body against
dialog: his.
speaker_heading: TITO (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad...I can't breathe! You're killing
dialog: me!
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: They're eating dinner. Puchi eats quietly watching Hector
text: devour his plate of home cooking 'habichuelas'. Tito is
dialog: making dad catch up.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: ...her name is Geraldine...but we
dialog: are only friends. She's ten.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Oh...she's an older woman...likes
dialog: younger men...like your mom, right?
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: She likes Ivan...he plays foot-
dialog: ball...and he's older. He hates me.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Have you asked her out?
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: No. Where?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Here...
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: (young cool)
dialog: Here? She'll think that I'm crazy
dialog: too...
text: They all burst out laughing. Hector goes over to Tito.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (hugging and kissing)
dialog: Come here you little cabroncito...I
dialog: missed you...missed tickling your
dialog: little...
dialog: (grabs the kid)
dialog: ...stomach like this...
dialog: 72.
text: Tito is laughing.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Dad...no...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Oh yes...I missed doing this so
dialog: much... why don't you marry this
dialog: chick? Come one...you're old enough?
text: The kid laughs.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: You're crazy!
dialog: Yes, dad is crazy.
text: Hector looks at Puchi as he plays and kisses his happy little
dialog: boy again. Yes, it's good to be home.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM/BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Hector lays on the bed, watching Puchi get undressed to her
text: bra and panties. A dozen PILL bottles sit on the night table.
text: He's wearing a the same shirt and tie...ready for the a
dialog: canceled show or something...backstage at home.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Look at this...it's like the night
dialog: table of my grandfather...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (half sly)
dialog: Take your medication. I don't want
dialog: you to go crazy on me tonight.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Okay.
text: As he takes a pill from each vial and swallows, she walks
text: into the bathroom, cool and normal. But nothing is.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (talking into mirror
dialog: eyes closed)
dialog: Ralphy called...
speaker_heading: HECTOR OS
dialog: What did he want?
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: What do you think...?
text: She opens her eyes, stares at herself now.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: He's got a bunch of stuff lined up,
dialog: show in Los Angeles, Chicago...
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Hector doesn't want to know about work. He doesn't react to
text: it. She hears that. He's silent and awkward, jumping out
dialog: of his skin.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: I told him that first you had to get
dialog: back to...spending time with your
dialog: son...making love to your wife...
text: THE WATER IS TURNED ON...
text: Hector LISTENS TO IT. But can't react to that either. He
text: forces himself to take baby steps into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: NEW :
text: Puchi is already naked and inside the bathtub....( almost
text: like in the opening BATH scene...when her toe nails surface
dialog: through the water...like love fins) Now it's all of her.
text: Just there...waiting...like a shark in the water. One that
dialog: will tear_you apart with a smile in your face.
text: He stands outside, watching her body...a sexy blur. A face
dialog: to die for. He's a stranger.
speaker_heading: PUCHT
dialog: What?
text: Hector walks closer. Can't do a thing. He just stares her
text: right in the face...re-discovering her. The sounds of water
text: filling all the space...their silence.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it baby? Nervous?
text: They both know. He smiles. He half buried in the water
text: just eyes on the surface.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Yeah... I'm straight.
text: She grabs him, feels her away around his crotch...her eyes
text: always on him. Still trying to come honest.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: We've never been straight, you and
dialog: I...and...
text: She slowly pull him to her and takes him into the shower
text: with her. Hector gets inside the tub...FULLY DRESSED.
dialog: 74.
text: They stare at remember each other. Casually, like across
dialog: the table on a first date. Yes, this is Hector
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I know. Come...Yeah...that's it.
dialog: I'm more scared than you are.
text: He holds on to her. ( NEW: as she slowly undresses him from
dialog: his soaked shirt and tie...)
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: It's like... swimming...like riding
text: a bicycle...it all comes back to
dialog: you...I'm so fucking nervous too.
text: They kiss, the water falling over them...they hold on to
text: each other...healing....drowning in each other.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: They make love in the shower,( TUB ) they make love on the
text: sink and she gives him a blow job as he's sitting on it, they
dialog: fuck everywhere. Passionate and desperate fucking. It does
text: come back to him.
scene_heading: AN ACOUSTIC GUITAR PLAYS
text: WE HEAR THE NOISE OF A NIGHTCLUB...
scene_heading: INT. EL CORSO NIGHTCLUB -- NIGHT
text: The place is packed and quiet for a change, as a young man
text: with an acoustic guitar takes the stage. He sits in a chair
text: He is RUBEN BLADES, the charismatic SPRINGSTEEN OF Salsa. A
text: handsome and smart Panamanian writer/singer in a black Pierre
dialog: Cardin suit.
speaker_heading: RUBEN BLADES
dialog: ...Hello I'm Ruben Blades...and
dialog: tonight I'm here to give someone a
dialog: present. I wrote this song for Hector
dialog: Lavoe, someone I really admire, since
dialog: I was a kid who wanted to be a
dialog: singer. After I sing it to you,
dialog: it's his. It's called "El Cantante".
text: He begins...and the story of Hector Lavoe starts unfolding
text: in song, in a beautiful auto-biographical tune that will
text: once again, re-define the career and life of Hector, thus
dialog: becoming his biggest hit ever...and his signature song for
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: RUBEN BLADES (CONT'D)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Yo...soy el cantante...que hoy a
dialog: venido a cantar...
text: In a corner of the club Hector listens to the song that will,
text: once again, take him to a higher peak.
dialog: 75.
text: A STRING SECTION ROARS...
text: It's Hector's version of the song now...with it's sweeping
text: violins bridge...and all the drama of his life rolled into a
text: powerful song. A salsa symphony.
text: WE HEAR HECTOR SINGING....
text: he's in the studio at work. Alone in the booth. Like in
text: the confessional. Wille is inside the booth, in charge.
speaker_heading: HECTOR SINGING
dialog: ...lo mejor del repertorio...que a
dialog: ustedes voy a cantar...
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO -- NIGHT
text: A seven minute masterpiece arranged and produced by his old
text: friend Willie Colon. Hector sings his heart out in his most
dialog: personal song ever.
speaker_heading: HECTOR SINGING
dialog: ...y canto a la vida de risas y
dialog: penas... de momentos malos...
dialog: Hector is BACK. The more fucked up, the luckier, the bigger
text: the more people wants him. In the booth, we see Puchi, his
text: Yoko, listening, hypnotized by the power of song. By Hector
text: THE SONG PLAYS...
speaker_heading: FIFTH AVENUE
text: We see Hector and Puchi on Fifth Avenue with Tito. Thousands
dialog: of people crushed around them...the world is theirs.
speaker_heading: CENTRAL PARK
text: A magic NYC moment..as the Lavoes play in Central Park. And
dialog: even if it was only for days here and there, what you see
text: today is a happy, successful family.
text: Once again, Hector has been given proof that his gift is
text: his, if he wants it. Lots of people with their eyes on him.
dialog: A perfect moment to fuck it all up soon.
speaker_heading: HECTOR SINGING (CONT'D)
dialog: ...y de cosas buenas.
text: THE SONG CONTINUES OVER THE NEXT SCENE...
dialog: telling us the story.
scene_heading: INT. HECTOR'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Puchi wakes up, feels bed next to her. Empty. She
text: frantically scans the room. Empty.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: HECTOR OS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ..y nadie pregunta si...... si sufro,
dialog: si lloro, si tengo una pena que llere
dialog: muy hondo...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: She races out, down the hall, looks into TITO'S ROOM. The
text: kid is asleep. Alone.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Puchi enters. No sign of Hector
speaker_heading: HECTOR OS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ...vinieron a divertirse y pagaron
dialog: en la puerta...
text: She looks out the window and sees her Mercedes is GONE. She
text: puts two and two together. Her eyes turn dead...the thrill
text: is going, one disappointment at a time.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDEZ -- NIGHT
text: Hector is driving. He looks at ease, determined, with that
dialog: addict's drive of going to the end of the earth to get
dialog: straight, to stop feeling the emptiness...and be selfishly
dialog: normal.
text: THE SONG PLAYING IS THE ONLY COMPANY HE HAS...
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER EAST SIDE. FOURTH STREET -- NIGHT
text: The Mercedes PULLS UP outside a burnt- out building. Only
text: drug business and stranded Euro-trash give a little life to
text: this cemetery. He gets out of the car briskly. He's home.
speaker_heading: HECTOR OS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ...no hay tiempo para tristeza, vamos
dialog: cantante. ..comienza!
scene_heading: INT. SHOOTING GALLERY -- NIGHT
text: A very stoned Hector is SLAMMED against a wall by strong
text: BLACK JUNKIE....and a short Puerto Rican woman, who are
text: holding him up...robbing him for whatever he's carrying with
text: him. She pulls out his watch.
speaker_heading: JUNKIE WOMAN
dialog: ...you got more of these papi...and
dialog: I need to know the time...very busy
dialog: lately too...tu sabe
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I know...but that's all I got...I'm
dialog: sorry.
text: The man searches around the table in front of him. It is
text: covered with overflowed ashtrays, water glasses, burnt spoons
text: cotton balls, syringes and glassine bags of heroin and
text: cocaine...but the black junkie is looking for something.
text: Finds nothing except for a knife in his pocket.
speaker_heading: BLACK JUNKIE
dialog: ...you ain't got anymore cash? You're
dialog: the fucking shit now...and you go
dialog: around broke? What the fuck's wrong
dialog: with you? You know where you are?
dialog: Slaps Hector...nothing a broke junkie hates more than a broke
text: junkie. Hector checks his mouth...there's blood.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Come on man...hit me somewhere
dialog: else...look, you want my shoes...
speaker_heading: BLACK JUNKIE
dialog: What size you wear?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Nine and half...
text: The black junkie pushes him back
speaker_heading: BLACK JUNKIE
dialog: My dick is nine and a half...that
dialog: don't fit me...
text: He stares at Hector.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'm sorry, man...really, next time I
dialog: know...yeah.
speaker_heading: BLACK JUNKIE
dialog: You're funny eh?
text: The guy punches Hector, throws across the room, kicking him,
text: venting out.
speaker_heading: BLACK JUNKIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You wanna be funny now?
text: The woman stops him from stabbing Hector.
speaker_heading: JUNKIE WOMAN
dialog: ...e@asy Raymond...this guy...people
dialog: know him and...
text: But she starts nodding off and can't continue...the black
text: man takes Hector's car keys from his hand.
dialog: 78.
text: Hector is scared to death now. Shooting galleries were
dialog: sanctuary, not mugging grounds...not for him anyway.
speaker_heading: BLACK JUNKIE
dialog: Your lucky day motherfucker...let's
dialog: make a deal?
text: A CLOSE UP OF PUCHI today....
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: It scared the hell out of him..
speaker_heading: INTERVIEW
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- DAY
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...Nigga never got wear that watch.
dialog: My brother Papo saw the car parked
dialog: outside...and stopped him. You know,
dialog: he had his business there...so here
dialog: we have some black dude strolling
dialog: out of the competition dope house
dialog: wearing Hector watch and coat...and
text: heading straight for the Mercedes...
scene_heading: INT. PHOTO STUDIO -- DAY
text: The cover of Hector's album "La Comedia" is being shot.
text: Hector is dressed up like Charlie Chaplin, hat, cane, ill
text: fitting suit. The works...and it works. He looks like a
text: dead ringer for the famous tragic-comic genius. The studio
text: is filled with the usual dozen of hangers on, groupies
text: drinks, grass, loud disco playing.
text: Hector is doing the classic Chaplin poses against a white
text: background...Puchi is there, sort of....in between Camera
text: Flashes, Hector notices her by the phone and then she's gone.
scene_heading: EXT. SPANISH HARLEM TENEMENT -- NIGHT
text: It's pouring down rain. Hector spies on Puchi from inside
text: his car. He's still wearing his Chaplin outfit. Catches
text: her coming out of a building. He gets out and runs to her...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Hey Hello....excuse me, you living
dialog: around here now?
text: She's speechless.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck you're doing
dialog: there...fucking the bass player or
dialog: the drummer...?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You really wanna know who I'm
dialog: fucking...all of them. The bass
dialog: player, the drummer, the pianist...all
dialog: of them except the singer
dialog: Yeah...because he's too fucking high
dialog: to get it up...so I have to get where
dialog: I can...you understand that?
text: Hector is the one now speechless.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: You've accused me of fucking so many
dialog: men that I'm finally going to fuck
dialog: as many men as I'm guilty of
dialog: screwing...
text: She looks for a cab...there's none.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: Uhmmm...
text: She turns around without waiting for a response, takes off
text: her shoes and starts walking in the rain...in the
dialog: street...through he traffic...
text: The rain soaking her dress, her hair and hiding the tears
text: running down her face. Traffic swerves away, stops...some
dialog: too afraid to even offer a ride to this beautiful woman
text: walking in the storm...as if she was walking down a deserted
dialog: street.
text: MUSIC PLAYS....WE HEAR HECTOR SINGING: "Bandolera".
text: Hector goes after her...the rain beating down on him too,
text: soaking him up fast...he takes his glasses off.
text: Suddenly, PUCHI stops one car, any car...and BEFORE HECTOR
text: can catch up to her, she gets inside and disappears from
text: sight. Hector can't do a thing, but feel the frustration of
text: loving a wild animal.
text: He stands in the rain, cars moving around him, honking horns,
text: screaming at the madman.
text: THE MUSIC PLAYS...it's a hooky sound of VALLENATO accordions
dialog: and CUMBIA that sticks to your skin and gets you up from
dialog: death. I comes from..
scene_heading: TITLE: CALI, COLOMBIA. 1983
dialog: MONTAGE: The lush Andean landscapes...the beauty of Colombia.
scene_heading: EXT. COLOMBIAN VILLA -- NIGHT
text: This is a major party. Opulent. Decadent. Dangerous.
dialog: 80.
text: A LAVISH VILLA sits in the middle of the jungle. Lights by
text: the entrance, as if a Hollywood premiere was taking place
text: somewhere in a forbidden druglords Vegas fantasy in Cali
text: Hector sees it. A mirage. The HOST, charming & dangerous.
dialog: We've met before, He shows Hector around. A proof of his
dialog: powers of persuasion.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: ...this is home...and this is not
dialog: work.
dialog: (he touches his heart)
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: You okay?
text: He nods. It's just to emphasize his coke-dribble.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: You're here.
text: GUESTS that stink of dirty money, party on the marbled patios
text: donned with fountains/statues and the spacious
text: grounds...filled with crime spent dreams. Cartel Heaven.
speaker_heading: HOST (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, people love you more than
dialog: anywhere. You know that?
text: WAITERS in white Tuxedos carry trays of exotic live lobsters,
text: hors d'oeuvres, etc. WAITRESSES in mini-dresses carry trays
text: of Cristal and cocaine.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: That's a lot of love...
dialog: A state of the arts stage, set up for tonight....where the
text: "vanellato' band fills the night with Cumbia's infectious
text: rhythm. Ticking the cocaine.
text: THE ACCORDION PLAYER jumps off the stage and climbs on top
text: of a table...and then to another table, the guests holding
text: him up...all the time playing his solo...a feverish squawking
text: melody...the crowd is WILD and so is Hector, watching this
dialog: Jimi Hendrix of the accordion.
text: The guy eventually PLAYS ON HIS BACK AS HE'S PASSED OVER THE
text: CROWD like a human tray, landing back on the stage just in
text: time for the chorus of the song and of course...the strobe
text: lights to start making things more confusing and crazy.
text: LATER...bathed in blue....
text: All the guys in the band have their own bottles of Aguardiente
text: next to them, as they prepare to play. Hector stands on
text: stage, snorting cocaine off a silver tray held by a beautiful
text: WAITRESS.
dialog: 81.
text: Hector looks up at a band member.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (serious)
text: I can't feel the back of my head.
text: Both crack up laughing. Hector grabs the Microphone.
scene_heading: SUBTITLES WHEN NEEDED
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Estan todos gozando? I was telling
dialog: my friend here that I can't feel the
dialog: back of my head....any of you out
dialog: there that can't feel the back of
dialog: their heads...raise your hands...
text: The crowd raises their hands, hollers, etc.
speaker_heading: GUESTS
dialog: Si!
text: Hector laughs. Everybody laughs with him. This is
text: unchartered stoned territory.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'm glad! I tell you, estoy muy
dialog: contento de estar aqui.
dialog: (taking it all in)
dialog: Everybody is laughing, dancing... I
dialog: may move here tomorrow. Where are
dialog: we? This is Argentina, right?
text: More laughter. The people love him. The HOST beams.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay...I'm joking...I love Cali!
text: AT A TABLE -- A drunk COLOMBIAN shouts out....becomes the
dialog: local coke-fried heckler
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN
dialog: Cabron! Ponte a cantar y no hables
dialog: tanta mierda!
dialog: (Hey Asshole! Sing
dialog: and don't talk so
dialog: much shit!)
text: The song starts. ("El Dia de Mi Suerte")...but the heckler
text: shouts it down.
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Not that one. Pendejo, canta otra
text: cancion. The other song...
text: Hector stops the band...only the percussion cooks and Hector
text: raps...like in a comedy club.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Que te pasa papi? Dime....
text: The crowd laughs. The man doesn't think it's funny to be
text: humiliated in front of his hoodlum friends. The Colombian,
text: explodes, whips out his REVOLVER, points it at Hector and
text: walks UP TO THE STAGE.
text: The band stops. The guests stop dancing. The party stops.
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN
dialog: Hijo de Puta, who the fuck you think
dialog: you are?
text: Two other COLOMBIANS walk up...the Host stares from a table
text: near the stage.
scene_heading: COLOMBIAN BODYGUARD
dialog: Joaquin! Baja el arma. Put the gun
dialog: down.
text: Joaquin keeps his eyes on Hector, who forces a smile. The
text: gun still pointed straight between his eyes.
scene_heading: OVER AT A FRONT TABLE
text: A distinguished looking PATRON in his fifties gets up, to
dialog: address the concerned guests.( We've seen him before,
dialog: lurking...seducing Hector.)
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: Todo esta bien...it's okay.
text: He smiles casually as he walks over to Joaquin, with an
text: understanding smile on his face.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Patron...
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Dame el arma, por favor...'Quiqui'?
text: Joaquin hands him the revolver. The Patron looks at Hector.
speaker_heading: HOST (CONT'D)
dialog: Senor Lavoe, por favor,
dialog: disculpeme...tu sabes...
text: In one swift motion...HE SHOOTS JUAQUIN IN THE HEAD three
text: times. Juaquin jumps and jerks as if plug into a wall and
text: shocked, but Juaquin doesn't die.
dialog: It's a starter's GUN. A coke joke that scares the shit out
text: of everyone in the place, specially Joaquin, who after peeing
text: in his pants starts to laugh at the horror of staying
text: alive...with point blank burns on face and chest...and then
dialog: 83.
text: MORE LAUGHTER...more MADNESS as a couple of tough Indian
text: looking suits drag him away to go laugh somewhere else.
text: Maybe dead in a ditch near by. And the party goes on.
text: Hector feels the back of his head, does a little more blow
text: and kicks off with a song.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
text: More music. More love. More madness.
text: More dysfunctional behavior between Puchi and Hector. The
text: WAR OF LOVE is taking a toll on everything.
dialog: ON TV...
text: HECTOR IS SPEAKING TO CAMERA..."El Cantante" in the
dialog: background. It's an Anti-Drug public service spot.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Hello, my name is hector Lavoe, el
dialog: cantante. But today I'm not here to
dialog: sing, I am here to give you a
dialog: sermon...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: To tell you about drugs. Plain and
dialog: simple : Drugs will kill you.
dialog: Yeah...I know you're saying: 'Hey
dialog: look who's saying it'. Well you
dialog: know that I know what I'm talking
dialog: about...think about it...we have
dialog: enough problems in our communities
dialog: to keep on going like it's not killing
dialog: us. It is. Listen to Hector...on
dialog: the record and off the record. Stay
dialog: clean.
text: The Image FREEZES. A title card under Hector's earnest face:
dialog: Las Drogas Matan. Drugs kill.
text: The TV is shut off.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS -- DAY
text: Jerry, Ralphy and a bunch of other suit and tie guys stop
text: watching, turn to their unpleasant faces and start getting
dialog: to public relation damage control...basically.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: They'll think it's a joke...people
dialog: will continue doing drugs and we
dialog: will stop selling records. He's the
dialog: bad boy of salsa...the only one
dialog: left...no one will believe this shit!
dialog: To Ralphy.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: JERRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I say nix it...let's keep Hector as
dialog: we know him, Okay? It's like those
dialog: born again people..
dialog: Makes a 'who believes them or cares' face.
speaker_heading: JERRY (CONT'D)
dialog: It'll hurt you and it'll hurt us.
text: Ralph turns to the suits. ( could one of them be the druglord
dialog: HOST...?)
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: You can find another spokesman...'our'
dialog: Spanish world doesn't buy into this
dialog: confessional trip...I know Hector
dialog: really wanted to do this...I'll talk
dialog: to him.
scene_heading: EXT. HECTOR'S PLACE -- DAY
text: The family relaxes by poolside.
text: It almost looks like a normal Sunday afternoon barbecue. It
text: isn't. Behind his shades, Hector idles by...just high enough
text: to endure the lows that come with the highs. A spoiled-twelve
text: year old Tito is trying to do some break dancing for his
dialog: folks.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Watch this...
text: He tries a spin, a jump, etc. Hector applauds.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Beautiful...that's good.
dialog: (to Puchi)
dialog: I don't want to see anymore doctors.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Look now...
dialog: Another little dance...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: It's not a Doctor.
text: Hector lights a cigarette. Pisses, stalked by Puchi.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Can't I enjoy watching my son...he's
dialog: better than seeing any doctor. I
dialog: enjoy this...dame un break. Okay?
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Yeah, you should enjoy it since you
dialog: only see him once every six
dialog: months...even when you're fuckin'
dialog: home...
text: Hector barely wants to acknowledge that.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: ...and don't think I don't know you're
dialog: high, Hector.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Come on, don't start with that shit
dialog: again. I'm just relaxing here...maybe
dialog: I should find somewhere else to go
dialog: by myself and chill...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Yeah...do that...go with some of
dialog: those whores that keep calling...that
dialog: should relax you.
text: She gets up and starts walking away when Hector explodes
text: grabs an ashtray and throws it at her. It misses her by
text: inches and crashes against a wall. It startles Puchi and
text: frightens Tito...who looks at his father and mother, tears
text: welling up in his eyes.
text: Hector doesn't know what to do.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'm sorry...
text: The little boy starts picking up the pieces of the broken
text: ceramic ashtray he had so proudly made for his dad. Puchi
text: and Hector stare at their son as he picks up one piece at a
dialog: time...trying to put it back together, something too broken
dialog: to be fixed ever.
scene_heading: MUSIC STARTS.
text: BATA DRUMS PLAY FURIOUSLY...
scene_heading: EXT. SPANISH HARLEM ROOFTOPS -- NIGHT
text: A peaceful moment from 103 street. Just below, El
text: Barrio...and under a building in 104 street: HOPE.
text: A SONG IN YORUBA IS HEARD...
scene_heading: INT. SPANISH HARLEM BASEMENT -- NIGHT
text: A SANTERIA ritual. White robed dancers, chanting in the
text: ancient YORUBA, spinning, calling the deities on, shaking
text: off the evil eye. The white clad drummers, talking to the
text: Gods...playing their specific beat...eyes closed, in a trance.
dialog: 86.
text: We hear his voice singing the powerful song "AGUANILE"
text: The room is lit by candles, the place cluttered with Religious
text: Santeria statues, dolls, artifacts...and believers.
text: A woman in her seventies walks in circles around Hector, who
text: stand in the middle of the room. She smokes a cigar, blows
text: the smoke at him...and circles...speaking in tongues.
speaker_heading: LATER
scene_heading: INT. MADRINA'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
scene_heading: (_ SCENE PLAYS IN SPANISH )
text: A small little place. Santeria objects everywhere. She is
text: talking to Hector and Puchi.
text: Hector's quiet, emotional.
speaker_heading: MADRINA
dialog: (In Spanish)
dialog: Why don't you accept your gift?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MADRINA
dialog: (In Spanish)
dialog: Your gift of singing. The Lord has
dialog: given you the power to sing, the
dialog: power to bring happiness to millions.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (In Spanish)
dialog: When my mother died I became a singer,
dialog: I was five years old...pain gave me
dialog: a voice...I can't throw away my pain.
text: Madrina smiles knowingly. He's trying to be funny. It's the
dialog: fear.
speaker_heading: MADRINA
dialog: (In Spanish)
dialog: You're walking with the Devil...he
dialog: pretends he's your friend...actually
dialog: makes you feel good. He's smart.
text: Hector listens.
speaker_heading: MADRINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (In Spanish)
dialog: Hector, the power of the Evil Eye
dialog: can be very dangerous...he can
dialog: disguise himself as your pain...stop
text: suffering to make him go away.
dialog: 87.
text: She gets up, goes over to an ALTAR, takes a WHITE, BLUE AND
text: RED BEADED NECKLACE off a STATUE OF SAINT BARBARA.
text: She returns to the tables, kisses the necklace, puts it around
text: his neck.
speaker_heading: MADRINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (In Spanish)
dialog: Wear these for protection. Santa
dialog: Barbara will protect you...and be by
dialog: your side. She will listen and speak
dialog: to you. But you better listen. You
dialog: don't play with the saints.
speaker_heading: MC OS
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen...
dialog: 1987
text: OFF SCREEN we Hector signals the band. They play the intro
text: to "EL TODOPODEROSO". The crowd goes wild. People dancing
text: in their seats.
scene_heading: EXT. CONCERT STAGE -- NIGHT
text: The MC, dressed cool, funky sunglasses, stands center stage.
speaker_heading: MC
dialog: ...the moment you've all been waiting
dialog: for. El Cantante de Los
dialog: Cantantes...Hector Lavoe
text: The CROWD goes berserk. Hector is energized by the crowd.
text: Hector walks on stage to thunderous applause. As the MC
text: gives him a hug...Hector looks good. Clean and happy. The
text: MC walks off stage. Hector takes the microphone.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
scene_heading: ABSTRACT SERIES OF CONCERT AND CROWDS. (MIX OF STOCK AND OUR
text: STUFF) THINGS COULDN'T BE BETTER MOMENTS...BUT WEREN'T THAT
speaker_heading: WELL.
text: The CROWD cheers. Hector laughs. Looks a little mean, a
dialog: little too sharp. Deviled.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Why do you like me so much...?
dialog: Something's gotta be wrong with you?
text: More cheers, whistles. As the CROWD waves their hands back
dialog: and forth.
text: FADE singing...THE CONCERT BECOMES SLOW MO. Even at his
dialog: happiest or saddest, he could sing...and whatever was going
text: through his brain, made a stop at his face first...as those
text: eyes, those eyes where everything showed.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (V.0.)
dialog: ...-he was tired...it was like...it
dialog: was like a religious experience
dialog: between him and his fans... That was
dialog: it. He hated it but depended on it.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Hector sits at the table eating dinner as Puchi sits across
text: from him and eats him up with her eyes. Who's cheating who?
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS (V.0.)
dialog: ..,anyway, I had sent Tito home with
dialog: my sister...we wanted to be alone.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Hector, cigarette in his mouth, sits watching the news.
text: He puts his hands in his pocket, comes out with a lighter
text: and TWO GLASSINE BAGS of HEROIN.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: .. he was trying...my God...
text: He tosses the BAGS on the coffee table. He lights the
text: cigarette, taking big drags as his eyes go back and forth
text: from the TV to the BAGS.
text: He rests the cigarette on the table, TAKES OFF HIS SANTERIA
text: NECKLACE, sets it down then picks up the BAGS and walks into
text: the BATHROOM.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Puchi races into the living room. SMOKE EVERYWHERE. She
text: searches through the smoke. Sees the bathroom door ajar,
text: races over, rips it open to find Hector nodded out on the
text: toilet. FLAMES all around him.
text: Puchi shakes him, grabs his hand, they run upstairs.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (V.0.)
text: ...he passed out on the couch and
dialog: dropped his cigarette...So I woke
dialog: him up. We couldn't get out the
text: front so he grabbed me by the hand
dialog: and raced up the stairs...all of the
dialog: sudden he became Superman.
text: A FLASH: HECTOR ON STAGE...
text: TALKING TO HIS AUDIENCE SOMEWHERE ELSE...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...everybody's saying something
dialog: different version of what happened
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: but me...someone said: 'Oh...he was
dialog: free-basing'...he was so high he
dialog: thought he was Superman' and flew
dialog: out the window...Jesus...can a man
dialog: just drop a cigarette butt in the
dialog: wrong place and start a little
dialog: fire...?
text: The looks at the cigarette in his hand.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck them!
text: The crowd cackles, cheers. No matter what he did wrong, it
dialog: made him more part of them.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: ...God knows...there were a million
dialog: stories.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- DAY
scene_heading: PUCHI TODAY -- INTERVIEW.
text: An old photo shows the wall of the 55 Street Apt.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: People like Hector lend themselves
dialog: to fantasy and to be what everybody
dialog: wanted his history to be...you know
dialog: what I'm saying? A million stories...
text: Puchi looks at the picture.
scene_heading: INT. 55TH ST. APT. - LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: GUCCI PUCHI. A beauty in designer everything. She takes a
text: big drag on her cigar, inhales the smoke, blows out the smoke
text: in her new living room. On the wall, we see... LEG CASTS
text: ENCASED IN GLASS. She's like a caged animal walking around
text: the empty apartment.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: ...and that's how we got those.
dialog: Everybody who was anybody in the
dialog: business came by and signed em' ya
dialog: know. Like a church service. That
dialog: was the at the last place we
dialog: had...yeah.
text: The CAMERA scans the walls donned with artwork over to th
text: hall with all the gold records. A bored looking teenager
text: Tito comes out of his room. Bumps into his crazed mother
text: He looks like a very spoiled kid.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Where are you going tonight?
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Don't know...anywhere.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You're just gonna hit the sidewalk
dialog: and decide what you're doing...don't
dialog: talk to me like I'm your grandmother
dialog: or something...if I ask where the
dialog: fuck you're going, you tell me...and
dialog: if you don't know where you're going,
dialog: you make it up....but please don't
dialog: say...you don't know...that's pretty
dialog: lame. Come here.
text: The young man comes over....
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Mom please...
text: She hugs him, as if he was still her little baby.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Please what...?
text: She holds on to him, giving him all the love she can. She
dialog: knows what being this age was like. It's scary today.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Ok...I love you.
text: He hugs her even tighter
text: ON THE HALLWAY...
text: Tito comes out, shows his waiting buddy a peek of the GUN IN
text: HIS WAISTBAND...they slap five.
dialog: ONA TV...
text: HECTOR IS SINGING.
text: We see him on a TV monitor in the greenroom. His PIXILATED
text: face, like A MAP OF ALL THE PAIN IN THE WORLD. He sings the
text: slow blues bolero: "Taxi". At times looking straight at the
text: CAMERA...as if straight at Puchi....straight at us.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - GREEN ROOM - LATER
text: Nice, cushy VIP room. Buffet table. Full bar. Hector on
text: Tv. A drunk and hostile Puchi sits on the couch ranting to
text: Zaida as other VIP's try to turn a deaf ear. This is the
text: MONSTER she's turned into, by choice or by design.
text: She glances over to a WOMAN in a low cut dress.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (loud whisper )
dialog: Look at that bitch over there with
dialog: her tits hangin' out. She's been
dialog: wantin' to fuck Hector for years.
speaker_heading: ZAIDA
dialog: I hear ya baby, I hear ya. Did she?
text: Puchi doesn't listen, she's just ranting.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Nobody would have been here if it
dialog: wasn't for me. There would have
dialog: been NO concert if it wasn't for me.
speaker_heading: ZAIDA
dialog: Shit, Hector's lucky you don't sing
dialog: "cause you'd be doin' that to.
text: They "slap five" together. Cookie sneaks his head in the
text: room. Zayda gets up and leaves for a minute.
speaker_heading: ZAIDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Gotta pee.
text: Another WOMAN looks over at Puchi.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (to the woman)
dialog: That's right bitch. Who's dick did
dialog: you suck to get in here?
text: The prudent 'bitch' ignores her. Ralph walks into the room,
text: gives the woman a kiss.
text: The woman points to Ralph.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: His.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (to Ralph)
dialog: Hey, Baldy, where's my money?
text: Ralph ignores Puchi, takes the woman's hand and walks out.
text: Puchi stays alone in a fog...no one left to insult. She
text: looks bitter, worn and all alone.
scene_heading: EXT. AFTERHOURS -- NIGHT
text: Hector is walking through the nondescript door. Papo, sees
text: him from inside his car. Doesn't say hello or call him.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. AFTERHOURS) -- NIGHT
text: Can't see you hand in front of your face. A four piece BAND
text: plays to beautiful people: drug dealers, musicians, gangsters.
text: A tired Hector pretends to grin and act normal. Cookie is
text: sitting next to him in a private booth, next to a bottle of
dialog: Curvosier.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...-Maybe I rent a small apartment
dialog: somewhere in Jersey...I gotta do
dialog: something, man. I'm afraid to stay,
dialog: but more afraid to go.
text: Hector looks at the band, as they play to the damaged crowd
dialog: this late...or this early. Yes, he remembers those nights.
text: Cookie breaks the spell with something imprudent to say.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: You know...It's none of my business
dialog: what she does, but it's my business
dialog: that she doesn't get you arrested.
text: He nods to Hector, proud that 'he's said it'.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What are you talking about now?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Hector, something I heard...from a
dialog: good source...it's not 'bochinche'.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What is it? Stop preparing me for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: She's dealing coke...small time, a
dialog: gram here and there...but that's the
dialog: last thing you need, it's been going
dialog: on for a while...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Puchi? She doesn't need the money...
text: Hector turns pale, as the spotlight hits his face, but has
text: no time to digest it. They're spotted.
speaker_heading: BAND LEADER
dialog: Hector...we see you. Come up and
dialog: sing!...You're under arrest...you
dialog: can't run. We need a singer.
dialog: 
text: It's almost a REPRISE of that night where it all started 20
dialog: something years ago. Him and his old friend...and a band
dialog: without a singer.
dialog: 93.
text: Everyone looks at him and applauds as he gets up and walks
text: on to the small stage. Cookie sits on the piano, bad hand
text: and all. He starts to REPRISE the GONE OLD days. The old
text: Tejedor classic " ESCANDALO".
text: After a couple of heart felt verses, the trumpet player goes
text: ona solo. He sees Puchi coming in. His face changes into
text: fear...because he sees something in her eyes he's never seen
dialog: before.
text: She looks scary as she floats closer to the stage, walking
text: like a zombie...VINTAGE MADNESS...with a twist. Heads turn.
text: People laugh. But it's not funny. Hector imagines the worst.
text: Hector motions to a BOUNCER, who steps in and grabs her.
text: It's another degrading moment.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Let go of me! Let go...
text: Hector looks at her as she falls on the floor...trying to
text: pull the bouncer to spit him, to kiss her, to spit him
text: again...taunting the man, like a sloppy drunk, nothing sexy
text: about it. She is dragged off screaming and foaming at the
dialog: mouth...but this time is different...it's difficult.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: You motherfucker! Look what they're
dialog: doing to your wife...do something
dialog: you prick...you junkie little
dialog: faggot...come on!
text: But Hector does nothing as they take her away.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREET -- NIGHT
text: An empty street. Puchi is stumbling and ranting in the
text: sidewalk. It's the end of the night and New York feels empty,
text: except for this crazed woman with a torn dress and a torn
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You coward...no wonder your own son
dialog: fucking hates you!
text: She shoves him again. He stumbles for words.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Come on...st...stop...I can't...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (assassinating)
dialog: You can't raise your son. You can't
dialog: even be a husband...You cant' even
dialog: fucking sing anymore.
text: Hector starts to unravel himself, he puts his head in his
text: hands. She rests for a second against a parked car
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What the hell are you talking about
dialog: now? What is it with you? Why are
dialog: you doing this...?
text: Then Puchi backs him into the wall...preps him for the
text: killshot. Lowers her voice.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: You don't have a son....
text: He starts to slump down against the wall. She grabs him.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: You hear me?!
text: As he looks up, eyes glazed over...EVERYTHING GETS SLOW AND
text: HORRIFYING.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: What the fuck are you saying?
text: She painfully tries to reach him, to hold on to something.
text: She collapses into his arms, sobbing.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it...?
dialog: Sees Puchi...knows something is wrong.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: (choking on her words)
dialog: Tito's dead...he's dead...there was
dialog: an accident...with a gun...and...he
dialog: was shot...a friend shot him.
scene_heading: INTERVIEW - PUCHI SEARCHES THE ROOM FOR HIM...
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- DAY
text: Puchi is silent. Her eyes finally LAND on a corner of the
text: room and stay there. The Camera rolls silently, until she
text: returns to the Interview.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...I thought I'd die too...but you
dialog: live through it...and it hurts much
dialog: more. Hector? He died with him...
text: A COLOR PHOTO OF TITO FILLS THE SCREEN...
text: it's surrounded by flowers.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY -DAY
text: Hector's eyes are filled with tears. He touches the
text: microphone, it's almost like he's going to start a song.
dialog: 95.
text: He and Puchi stand by Tito's grave with a crowd of friends
text: and family behind them.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...is not like you can bring him
dialog: back, like he went to the store...it's
dialog: something impossible to believe.
dialog: You can believe in anything in life,
dialog: you know... no matter how crazy it
dialog: is...but not this...so...we're here,
dialog: but we're not here...
text: Hector is unraveling emotionally, but he musters up a smile,
text: not for him, not for the people there, but for Tito.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: See Tito...we're playing hide and
dialog: seek...for the rest of our lives...but
dialog: I'm gonna find you where you're
dialog: hiding...
text: He walks away from the microphone. Puchi doesn't even touch
text: him, he's stays alone. More alone than ever
text: INTERVIEW...Puchi is crying too.
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- DAY
text: Very quiet...only distant traffic in the background. A
text: firetruck in the distance.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...your son's smiling at you one
dialog: day, you turn around and the next
dialog: thing you know he's gone...no one
dialog: prepares for that...all the death in
dialog: the world doesn't get you ready for
dialog: that...
dialog: (lights a cigarette)
dialog: ...and I've seen a lot of dying around
dialog: me...I grew up in streets where they
dialog: would drop like flies...but for Hector
dialog: it was very hard...it was something
dialog: he never got over. Nothing was the
dialog: same again...life changed and for
dialog: the two of us...it was never the
dialog: same again...he died, we died...that
dialog: simple.
text: She touches her face with his hand...as if it was him
text: caressing her...not letting her get so sad. A tear coming
text: out her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. 55TH ST. APT. -- NIGHT
text: Puchi's eyes swollen with tears. Cookie comes over, hands
text: her a plate of food, she can't have anything.
dialog: 96.
text: Puchi looks for him through the crowd in the apartment at
dialog: the post funeral reception.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Thanks...where's my husband?
text: A flash of panic rushes over Cookie's face. He quickly scans
dialog: the room...No Hector.
text: Cookie looks back at Puchi, knowing what's going through her
text: head. Suddenly Hector comes out of the kitchen. Sees he's
text: across the room.
scene_heading: EXT. 55TH STREET APT -- NIGHT
text: It's right after the funeral, He's still wearing the suit
text: and tie...Puchi looks dead sitting in the red
text: sofa...expressionless. Silence.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...you and I never talk, never been
dialog: straight for more than three hours a
dialog: day, that was when we first met
dialog: maybe...twenty years ago? And we
dialog: just go on with life like this...
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: like...this is our life and it's
dialog: never gonna stop...or something like
dialog: that..... I love you...but it's
dialog: impossible to...
text: She starts talking on her own, like two parallel
dialog: conversations.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...impossible to...oh, I get it...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: you know...see, like that...you..
text: ...but he stops, fearful of what she'd do next.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Oh... now that our son is dead it
dialog: all comes clear to you. I'ma bitch
dialog: and you're a great guy...and that
dialog: maybe the best thing for us to do,
dialog: besides fucking other people...is to
dialog: make it official, that you and I
dialog: have all of the fucking sudden
dialog: realized 'we ain't good' for each
dialog: other, so we're breaking it up to
dialog: try to fix it up...fix what up?
text: She paces around the room, like a bull before going into the
text: ring. Gives him a hard, cold look.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: This?
text: She turns to one of the mirrored walls. We see on the
text: fractured mirrored tiles the two of them. In broken love.
text: THEIR FACES DISSOLVING INTO...BUBBLES.
text: A LIGHTER FLICKS ON.
text: The dope bubbles, cooking in the filthy spoon. Hector lights
dialog: a Cigarette, now he's got all the time in the world. Nothing
text: will stop him to wipe all the pain away. It's serene moment
dialog: before communion.
text: QUICK CUTS...
text: He ties off his arm. Takes the syringe and slips the needle
text: into his vein. RED BLOOD SHOOTS UP INSIDE THE DROPPER...LIKE
text: A SERPENTINE...a deadly STREAMER spooling on CARNIVAL DAY.
text: SKELETAL SALSA music plays over. A BASS, A SCRATCH, A LONELY
scene_heading: TRUMPET. ..ECHOES.
scene_heading: INT. SHOOTING GALLERY -- NIGHT
text: THIS SCENE WILL BE IN SPANISH.
text: LATER...
text: Hector stares at the TV, holding an ice cream bar that drips
text: down his chest...watching the static on the TV.
text: He's filthy, unshaven, a burned down cigarette dangling from
text: his mouth. As he points to an invisible person, the nodding
text: junkies open their eyes and see nothing. He gets up to greet
text: the INVISIBLE. Talks to the ghost.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Abuela?...What are you doing here?
dialog: How did you find me?
text: Doing a woman's voice...playing the GHOST.
speaker_heading: HECTOR/ABUELA
dialog: They told me. I came to take you
dialog: home.
text: It's chilling theater...the never ending tragic-comedy of
dialog: his life.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: No, no...I can't...I can't go home.
speaker_heading: HECTOR/ABUELA
dialog: Don't talk like that...you are my
dialog: favorite...my little one.
dialog: 98.
text: Goes over to the spot where 'she stands'.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: No, no, you don't understand
dialog: Grandma...I killed my little boy.
speaker_heading: HECTOR/ABUELA
dialog: Hector, you killed no one.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: See...he needed me. That's all. I
dialog: should have given him more
dialog: attention...more love. I thought I
dialog: had...but I was too busy with...
text: He looks at his small junkie audience, half dead pieces of
text: men and women, staring at him, watching the surreal
dialog: performance.
speaker_heading: JUNKIE WOMAN
dialog: Tito's happy, man. Your son's with
dialog: God.
text: Hector stares at her.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
text: Hicks the table in front of her...works and dope and bottles
text: flying into the wall...
dialog: The dope fiends do nothing, it's all normal to them. Hector
text: sees what's left of him in a sliver of a mirror hanging from
text: the filthy wall...half a face. Half alive. All pain. He
text: closes his eyes and drops to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Hector is sitting alone. He sits up to look better as the
text: Doctor walks in with a folder in his hand.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: So?
text: The Doctor sits across from him.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: It scares me when you sit down.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It should.
dialog: (he opens the folder)
dialog: Cholesterol is okay...sugar is a
dialog: little off...prostate is fine...
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: But?
dialog: 99.
text: The Doctor stops the act. Closes his prop folder. Looks
text: straight at him.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: The HIV test came back positive...
text: Hector shakes his head, as if he didn't hear well...as if he
text: was spoken to in a foreign language he suddenly understands.
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY -- NIGHT
text: Hector walks alone, surrounded by the bright lights. But he
text: looks pensive and distant, carrying bad news, one after
text: another. A street musician blows on a saxophone in front of
dialog: a store window...
speaker_heading: HECTOR OS
dialog: I don't blame her...she's more scared
dialog: than me.
scene_heading: INT. 55TH ST. APT. LIVING ROOM -DAY
text: The new place looks a mess. Hector, in a running suit, sits
text: in a fog pretending to watch TV. He looks frail, sad and
text: abandoned. Willie is sitting next to him. Hector keeps his
text: eyes on the TV...where we see RUN DMC in some music show.
text: It's the future in front of their eyes, but neither man sees
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: ...she tested fine. She goes out
dialog: goes anywhere.
text: He shakes his head. Anyone could'a seen it coming.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Yeah...and we move on.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
text: The phone doesn't ring except for
dialog: the bill collectors...and fucking
dialog: wrong numbers...I'm like 'hello,
dialog: digame, hello...like, may I help
dialog: you?' You know, whatever...hey, 'talk
dialog: to me... Ok? Fuck you. Good-bye'.
text: He smiles.
text: Ralph sits, appeals to him.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Well, I am here....and there are
dialog: people still waiting for you to...
dialog: sing again...to see you. They feel
dialog: for you, man, they've mourned with
dialog: you...but they need you...these people
dialog: love you Hector. No matter what.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: But they're not gonna wait forever
dialog: You know how it is...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You got a show in Puerto Rico. Take
dialog: it.
text: That bothers Hector, but he makes no big deal of it.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let the people know you are alive.
text: Instead he looks at Willie as if he agrees with everything,
dialog: except for the being alive part.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You know me....I don't listen to
dialog: anybody.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Great. Biggest decisions ever in
dialog: life have been made without thinking
dialog: about them. Chevere.
dialog: (looking in the eye)
dialog: Your problem is, that you're a lucky
dialog: guy.
text: He thinks for a second. Looking straight back at Willie.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I deserve to be. Shit, I wish I was
dialog: the president...good luck didn't
dialog: want to do anything with me...
text: Willie smiles, listening to his old friend riffing, like
text: improvising in they're good old on stage.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I had more than good luck...and I
dialog: had you motherfucker.
text: The two old friends embrace one another. An embrace that's
dialog: been waiting for years.
text: PUERTO RICO...home again.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN MARK IV - MOVING - DAY
text: Hector looks out the window at the PUERTO RICAN COUNTRYSIDE
text: mountains, valleys, panoramic view of the ocean. He closes
text: his eyes as he breathes in that wonderful island smell. It
dialog: gives him life.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (gently)
dialog: It's beautiful, right?
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Why do we leave?
dialog: 101.
text: Cookie looks straight at the road ahead of him...can't tell
text: what's on Hector's mind.
scene_heading: EXT. COLISEO RUBEN RODRIGUEZ -- DAY
text: A crowd carrying Puerto Rican flags and "Hector Lavoe" banners
text: files into the half empty stadium. A different excitement
text: is happening backstage. A bad scene.
scene_heading: EXT. COLISEO RUBEN RODRIGUEZ - SIDE STAGE
text: The scattered crowd screams out his name. The band waits.
text: Ralph puffs on a cigar, looking out at the anxious crowd as
text: Hector and Cookie arrive.
text: The Promoter comes over, appeals to Hector
speaker_heading: PROMOTER
dialog: Hector, I'm sorry about the situation.
dialog: I didn't wanna cancel but Ralphy...but
dialog: there's no one here. They didn't
dialog: show up, it's not my fault!
text: It hits Hector. His people didn't show up? He stares as the
dialog: others fight the wrong fight.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Hey! What the fuck you doin' talking
dialog: to the Artists? What you better do
dialog: is walk out on that fuckin' stage
dialog: and tell the crowd the show's
dialog: canceled!
dialog: (to the band)
dialog: Go back to the hotel, guys.
text: They all wait loyally by Hector.
speaker_heading: PROMOTER
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Are you crazy? I'll have a riot!
dialog: (to Hector)
dialog: Ralphy wants all the money up front.
dialog: I told him I'd have it...but look...no
dialog: one came.
text: Hector's eyes are on the crowd, the flags, the banners. Even
dialog: if it is just a few of his people, that made it more special.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: It's cool. I just wanna sing. Forget
dialog: about the money, this one is on me.
text: Ralph turns. Foaming at Hector's suggestion...showing his
dialog: power or rather, Hector's lack of it.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Hector, are you crazy? What the
dialog: fuck are you now; Saint Hector? I
dialog: already sent all the other acts back
dialog: to the hotel...this ain't a welfare
dialog: concert.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Relax, I'll give you your commission
dialog: anyway...I just want to sing.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: That's not the point! They're tearing
dialog: down the stage...
text: Hector stops him with his hand.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Come on, vamos.
text: Hector walks ON STAGE with the band. The crowd stands
text: cheering...but it's chaos out there. He grabs the mic.
text: THUNDER IS HEARD...
text: The band plugs in...and tentatively takes their places.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Que pasa mi gente! I'm here, all
dialog: yours!
text: The band starts playing. Hector sings. A tropical storm
text: breaks...heavy rain starts pouring, but the show goes on.
text: Until the sound starts going out instrument by instrument
text: until only Hector's mic is on. He looks off stage to the
text: SOUND MEN behind Ralph and Cookie.
speaker_heading: HECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Put the sound back on!
speaker_heading: SIDE STAGE
text: Ralph throws his hands up.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: I fuckin' told him!
text: Cookie goes up to the sound board.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Put that shit back on...
text: Cookie looks around for the Promoter...gone.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
dialog: 103.
text: Hector motions his PERCUSSION section.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Give me some Congas...
text: The Conga starts a beat...steady and strong. Hector is
text: soaking wet ready, as close to the audience as he can be.
text: Hector starts singing again...but his mic is suddenly turned
text: off...only the lonely Conga and a couple of horns try to
text: fight it out. Hector keeps singing, but the audience can't
text: hear him. The rain pouring down on him, like tears running
text: down his face.
text: He tries to shouts the song out...but no one can listen as
text: the thunder rolls and the rain drowns out the voice of a man
text: alone on stage...crying out the lyrics to "Mi Gente"...but
text: his people are now just about to start a RIOT. THING TURN
text: INTO SLOW MOTION. A chair FLIES THROUGH THE RAIN...lands
text: next to him.
scene_heading: SCREAMS CONTINUE...
text: mixed with the last dying conga sounds... audience echoes
text: and hotel Muzak. A bad recipe cacophony.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BAR -- NIGHT
text: The horror has followed to the bar in lobby of the Sheraton
text: where Hector and Puchi are having it out in front of all the
text: other band members, crew, strangers.
dialog: They fight, but we don't hear a sound...we've heard plenty
dialog: of fighting and can only imagine. There is no truce ever
dialog: with these two.
text: ALL THE SOUNDS FADE OUT...
text: and we only hear the sound of the ocean. Low, night
text: waves...and the barely audible music from a bar blocks away.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM -- NIGHT
text: The door opens to the empty suite. Eerily quiet now. Hector
text: walks in. At the end of the room, we see the empty balcony.
text: (a REPRISE of once in the late 60's...) He walks through
text: the room, opens the sliding door. Hector steps outside.
scene_heading: EXT. SUITE BALCONY -- NIGHT
text: It's finally PEACEFUL. Hector takes a look at the ocean
text: beneath him, the palm trees. Listens to the waves...and
text: feels the strange tranquility around him.
text: He smiles, with very sad look in his face. An emptiness in
text: his eyes BEFORE THEY SHUT TIGHT.
text: A SIREN BLARES...
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - MOVING - MOMENTS LATER
text: Hector's completely shattered and broken body is laid out on
text: a stretcher, an oxygen mask over face. Paramedics frantically
text: work to keep him alive as Puchi rocks back and forth, praying.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: God, please help him...please help
dialog: him...
scene_heading: INT. CENTRO MEDICO - EMERGENCY WAITING ROOM - LATER
text: Puchi sits all alone and silent in the waiting room. It's a
text: sad lonely picture. The game is over. This is where the long
text: road ends. What we hear is Puchi telling the tale.
speaker_heading: PUCHI OS
dialog: ...he jumped from the ninth floor...
dialog: Had multiple fractures, broken bones
text: and massive bruising to all his inner
dialog: organs, which... are already pretty
dialog: damaged from all the alcohol and
dialog: drug abuse. His Liver his Kidneys...
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS -- DAY
text: INTERVIEW--- Puchi's looking away from the CAMERA...A LITTLE
text: RESTLESS. Too many memories stirred, too many questions
dialog: that are answered now, years after the fact...too many 'I
dialog: wish that I' moments...too much pain and regret.
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: He lived...yeah...five more years.
text: She thinks about what she says...putting together some sense
text: into a tough past or coming up with final days wisdom.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: But it wasn't real life...
text: She looks straight at CAMERA, AT US...as we hear applause
text: the intro to a song.
speaker_heading: PUCHI (CONT'D)
dialog: ...and I wasn't there for him. I
dialog: wanted to remember him like he wanted
dialog: me to.
text: She closes her eyes.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: The HORNS announcing the closing words....the parting
dialog: shot...and it'll be Hector's turn with his side of the story.
text: ON THE BLACK SCREEN
text: The sound of Salsa music and Arena crowd builds in volume.
dialog: 105.
text: The audience chanting: HECTOR! HECTOR! HECTOR!
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN -- NIGHT
text: SIDE STAGE - Puchi stands nest to Hector. She looks into
text: his eyes...THE INTRO FOR "Todo Tiene su Final". The encore.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I just wanted to tell you that I
dialog: love you...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: I love you too. Go ahead honey, go
dialog: tell them. I'1l be here.
text: She kisses him. The band picks up the rhythm trying to pump
dialog: Hector up.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ".,.Todo tiene su final, nada dura
dialog: para siempre...
text: Hector sings it as he knows it. "Everything must come to an
text: end, nothing lasts forever...." A Prophetic salsa marker in
dialog: his life. It's hurts a bit.
text: THUNDEROUS APPLAUSE follows as he stands walks ON STAGE,
text: singing...every movement he makes: easy, poignant...giving.
text: Hector spreads his arms to his fans...sheer adulation.
text: CLOSE ON PUCHI, HER FACE...as if watching him.
text: BUT WE'RE BACK TO THE INTERVIEW.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEW OS
dialog: Do you miss him?
scene_heading: INT. FANIA RECORDS. STUDIO -- DAY
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: Everyday. Do you think that you can
dialog: forget someone like that? they're
dialog: all around you...wherever you go...he
dialog: chases me...people like Hector you
dialog: don't escape...you resign yourself
dialog: to living your life with an invisible
dialog: man...with a ghost...sometimes I'm
dialog: cooking something, whatever...and I
dialog: ask him 'hey Hector how do you
dialog: want...?' You know...like he was
dialog: there...it never goes away...people
dialog: say, go ahead Puchi...there are a
dialog: lot of better more normal men
dialog: around...did I ever want that? you
dialog: figure it out.
dialog: 106.
text: She looks around the room, more comfortable with the
text: confession. Near the end. Out of words. Out of heart.
text: BACK TO SCENE...
text: Hector singing his heart out.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEW OS
dialog: What would you tell him if he was
dialog: here today ?
text: She is caught by surprise with this question. She shakes
text: her head with a wishful smile...
speaker_heading: PUCHI
dialog: ...you don't wanna know what I'd
dialog: tell him.
text: She laughs, making light of something so heartbreaking.
dialog: But the lyrics of the song we hear say for her. ‘Everything
dialog: must come to an end'... and this love story definitely did.
text: Just listen to him. ( SONG WILL BE SUBTITLED)
text: A CU FLASH OF PUCHI 2002: Outside MSG...staring at THE PAST.
text: BACK TO...
text: Hector singing, his inimitable style, ease in front of
dialog: thousands...
scene_heading: THE LAST CONCERT
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN -- NIGHT
text: The show goes on. "TODO TIENE SU FINAL" continues.
dialog: Title Cards over concert shots:
dialog: Hector Lavoe died of AIDS complications on June 23, 1993. He
dialog: was 43 years old. He is considered to be the greatest Salsa
dialog: singer of his time and always remembered as a folk hero
dialog: because he was "Of the people for the people."
text: HECTOR SINGING ON STAGE, waving....
text: ANOTHER TITLE CARD....
dialog: Nilda 'Puchi' Roman Perez, died in 2002 of mysterious
dialog: circumstances.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Mi gente...te quiero de gratis!
text: A fan throws a PUERTO RICAN FLAG on stage. Johnny rushes
text: over picks up the flag, drapes it over Hector. Twenty
text: thousand fans strong cheering. Hector gives the POWER SIGN
text: to his people. THE MUSIC PLAYS ON...
dialog: 107.
text: Puchi blows him a kiss, he smiles...and turns to his audience.
speaker_heading: FOREVER.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: THE CROWDS CHEER...he dances, lost in himself. This is how
text: we all want to remember him. He looks around at the audience.
dialog: No big deal. Life gave him everything...and he never knew
dialog: it.
text: A cheer brings a smile to his face.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE
text: ...but now we see the STOCK FOOTAGE of thousands of his fans
text: in the streets of the Bronx paying tribute to another gone
text: Hero...mixed in with "Our Latin Thing" SNIPPETS of an
scene_heading: UNFORGETTABLE TIME.
text: The people, the music, the singer...the images all SLOWING
text: DOWN, transcending the magic and the spell now put on us.
dialog: 108.
dialog: 
