scene_heading: _ 1. ELIZABETHTOWN
dialog: Cameron Crowe
dialog: March 2003
dialog: 
dialog: "y
dialog: “y
speaker_heading: ELIZABETHTOWN
text: The music of The Hollies’ “Jesus Was A Crossmaker” begins. It’s a quiet, stately song, fit for an
dialog: ending. And though thisis only the beginning, perhaps we
dialog: sense something grand and final is
dialog: zbout to occur. oe
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: ALARGE INDUSTRIAL TRUCK
text: backs into a close shot. Mighty steel doors swing upward to reveal an entire truck full of shoe
text: boxes. Many, many boxes of shoes, marked with a loud black stamp: RECALL. Camera slides
text: right, as another gleaming truck opens its back doors to reveal similar cargo. And another. And
text: another. Two dock-workers share a rueful, knowing look.
scene_heading: DOCK WORKER # !
dialog: {to the shoes)
dialog: Welcome back, boys.
text: They begin the task of unloading this colossal shipment.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: As somebody once said, there is a difference
dialog: between a failure...
speaker_heading: HIGH-ANGLE
text: Twenty-two trucks unloading the shoe boxes. ‘We are on the outskirts of the gorgeous “campus”
dialog: of a famous shoe company whose world headquarters are right here in the wilds of Oregon, just
dialog: outside Portland.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ... and a fiasco.
scene_heading: INT. MERCURY SHOE CORPORATE HELICOPTER ~ DAY
text: DREW BAYLOR is 27. He sits rigidly upright, a man facing his destiny, even though he’s
text: seated backwards. He’s the only passenger in this company helicopter whistling over the tops of
text: tall Oregon trees. In the distance, the magnificent Mount Hood. Drew looks at the large open
text: side-window to the helicopter. It beckons, a tempting way out.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT, MERCURY SHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY - HIGH ANGLE
text: The speck that is Drew now exits the still-whirring helicopter which has just touched down at the
text: top of the tallest building of this important-looking compound. The voice continues helpfully, calm
dialog: but resigned. uo
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: A failure is simply the non-presence of success.
dialog: Any fool can accomplish failure.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Watch your bead —
text: Drew looks upwards at the slicing helicopter blades.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (unconvincing)
dialog: Tm fine.
scene_heading: INT. MERCURY SHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Drew wears a security i.d. badge as he walks the hallway. Young powerful types, all “casually”
text: dressed, swivel back in chairs, frozen in mid-meeting as they see him. We know the look. It’s our
text: own look as we try hard not to gaze at a passing wreck on the highway.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: But a fiasco...
text: Drew arrives at another hallway juncture, a little unsure of his direction. He chooses the left path.
text: He nods to people as he walks. Our narrator’s thoughtful voice belongs to Drew, of course, and it
text: stands in great contrast to his deceptively cheerful public front...
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
text: |. a “fiasco” is a disaster of mythic proportions. A
text: fiasco is a folk-tale told to others, that makes other
dialog: people feel more alive... because it didn't happen to them.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: T’m fine.
scene_heading: INT. MERCURY SHOES HALLWAY - DAY
text: Drew arrives at the desk of ELLEN KISHMORE, 24. She’s a high-level assistant with great
dialog: 
dialog: C-
text: style, poise, memorable green eyes and a few too many magazine photos of Jude Law on her
text: cubicle wall. She greets Drew witb a not-quite-disguised look of horrified concern. Frankly, she’s
text: shocked he’s still on two feet.. Just looking at Ellen almost comforts him.
speaker_heading: va ELLEN
dialog: Lb. 1! bas
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'm fine.
dialog: At another time, they would have made clever small-talk, perhaps even openly discussed their
dialog: cighteen-month affair. But there is no time for that now. ‘
dialog: ot
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: TB take you to Phil so you don’t get lost, ’,
scene_heading: INT. CLOSED HALLWAY - DAY
text: Drew and Ellen zip down a corridor on a cart. Think about a long hallway at LAX, the kind with
text: children’s artwork on the sides. Replace the artwork with valuable masterpieces from American
dialog: painters, and you’ ve got the jdea about this inner-sanctum passageway reserved for an elite few.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE :
dialog: Mercury Worldwide Shoes... which is actually Phil...
dialog: contains some of America’s finest artists’ masterworks...
text: seen only by people heading for very important meetings,
dialog: a promotion... - ,
text: Drew looks at Ellen with unabashed love. The paintings zip by. She looks at him with
text: increasingly distant affection.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: ... or otherwise.
scene_heading: INT. “THE PEN” - DAY
text: Drew and Ellen pass “The Pen,” an open work-space filled with desks and employees. Large
text: monitors fill every desk. Such is the state of the new global workplace — all we see are the tops of
text: their heads. (Visible are cutting-edge souvenirs and sign-posts of worldwide culture.)
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: We are not just employees, as Phil once said, we are
dialog: “Denizens of Greatness.”
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a)
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - DREW'S WORK WORLD
dialog: 1) Drew at monitor studying the leg and foot movements of animals.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: Phil says — the world is full of those who coast through '
dialog: life, who achieve through negativity or theft.
text: 2) Drew at a 200 studying the way a monkee jumps, taking notes.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: We succeed through original thought: But there
dialog: are sacrifices for a goal like pure greatness...
dialog: 3) On a calendar.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: ... birthdays, major holidays...
text: 4) Drew’s family - father MITCH, mother HOLLIE, sister HEATHER, her daughter ISIS.
text: Family gather at a table for Christmas. Drew, absent, is represented by a framed photo on a buffet
text: table... and an empty seat.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: ... though we sometimes celebrate odd things at Mercury,
dialog: like the day the Italians invented rubber. Which they didn't,
dialog: of course, but that’s beside the point. . .
text: 5) “The Pen” is transformed into a pseudo-kegger. Drew, a non-dancer, dances wildly.
text: 6) Drew on escalator at office. Shot splits into two... then four screens, then folds back into one
text: large think-tank where Drew studies media and culture from around the world. “- ~
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: Lonce went four days without speaking. It was fantastic.
text: 6) Drew at desk, on his phone, early moming.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: David! How’s the weather?
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: Each of us has a exact counterpart in the Region 3
dialog: Headquarters in Taiwan. Mine is named David Tan.
dialog: 
dialog: Every day, we download thoughts to each other -
dialog: we are two sides of the same brain-trust.
scene_heading: INT. TAIWAN OFFICE — NIGHT
text: DAVID TAN, 45, works long hours. Just the top of his head is visible behind his monitor.
speaker_heading: DAVID TAN
dialog: Drew! How’s the weather?
scene_heading: INT. PHIL’S OUTER OFFICE - DAY - PRESENT TIME
text: The cart slows to Phil’s outer office. No words, no sign proclaiming his name. Just two frosted-
text: glass doors.
dialog: oe
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE:,
dialog: Any true student of functional shoe design is also a student
dialog: of Phil himself. He is a master. And his innate wisdom
dialog: of what people want and need... has never failed to date.
text: He is also obsessed with the number two.
text: A matching set of two Norman Rockwell paintings adora the outer wall.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: These are Phil’s prized two Norman Rockwells, the
text: pair of paintings that once hung outside the White
dialog: House Office of John F. Kennedy...
text: We now see a matching set of two Security Guards in bulky jackets, attempting not to jook
text: ominous... which of course, makes them look more ominous. Security Guard # 1 (MEL) feels
text: Drew’s pain. They’ve bantered happily in the past. Today Mel sends him a solemn silent message
dialog: of compassion.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (with little conviction)
dialog: I'm fine.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: And yes, the two frosted doors Phil once purchased
dialog: from a church on a vacation in Tunisia and had
text: sent back home for a total cost too enormous to mention.
dialog: (confides)
dialog: $763,000. Each.
dialog: 
dialog: r.. wg
text: Two Older Assistants - Moneypenny types ~ sit at two desks, nodding quietly as they listen over
text: headsets. One of them holds up two fingers ~ as in not yet.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT #1
dialog: Just two more minutes and I can send you in.
text: Drew nods, looking around, killing time before his date with destiny. .
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: Because we have a moment here, let me tell you that :
dialog: Jama secret connoisseur of “last looks.” The way ”
dialog: people look at you when they believe it’s for the
dialog: last time... I collect these looks and...
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT #2
dialog: (interrupting voice-over)
dialog: Okay, he’s ready for you.
text: Ellen sends Drew through the two frosted doors.
scene_heading: f \) INT. PHIL'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Drew looks back to see Ellen quietly disappear on the other side of these frosted doors.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: .. there’s one right now.
text: It somehow feels quite significant. Drew is now utterly alone. Well, almost alone. Phil’s large
text: office is sunlit, wide-open, and inside it... time bas stopped. There is a collection of deeply-
text: comfortable brown-leather chairs, two large-screen televisions featuring state-of-the-art video
text: games abandoned in mid-pursuit, and at the far end comer, a sun-bathed figure sits thoughtfully
text: looking out at the trees. Phil is waiting, and somehow Drew knows to approach carefully. To bis
text: left, a large-screen computer monitor glugs with the sound of a screen-saver aquarium.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: How are you, Drew?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: 1 wanted to jump out the window of that helicopter,
dialog: and just splatter on the trees, to tell you the truth.
speaker_heading: fo PHIL
dialog: y (half-hearted)
dialog: . Don’t do that. It’s only money.
dialog: 
dialog: 7
dialog: I And it is rather clear in his cadence that money is maybe the only important thing in Phil’s world.
text: Drew has not been invited to sit in the empty chair next to Phil, so he stands. A young man ina
text: very, very large space. If only he knew what to do, what to say. But he doesn’t. Phil takes a
text: single sip from each of two cups of tea that sit before bim. :
dialog: ' PHIL...
dialog: The American psyche isin turmoil. And we
dialog: have miscalculated.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Tm... sorry.
speaker_heading: PHIL. to
dialog: Thave no rule-book for this situation.
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: ‘They tell me we're about to lose 972 million dollars.
dialog: T'm ill-equipped in the philosophies of failure.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR GYMNASIUM ~ DAY
text: ( \ They walk together on the upper-tier observation platform. Below is a gymnasium floor, where a
text: i pro-Basketball team works out. Phi] pauses briefly to regard these fine athletes.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: My basketball team. They don’t even know yet.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: Phil and Drew arrive in an indoor arboretum courtyard. The expanse of this company
dialog: headquarters is consistently surprising.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: understand you have to let me go.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (it’s understood)
dialog: How do I make the concept of 972 million dollars
dialog: more real to you?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: It is very real to me, Phil.
text: ( ) This we know, as Phil begins to talk. He is a fan of his own mellifluous voice, particularly as he
dialog: discusses the subject of money.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: Well. It’s the operating budget of a mid-size
dialog: country. A small civilization. It’s big, it’s so big
dialog: that you could round it off to... a billion dollars.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I cry a Jot lately.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: In every possible way, I feel responsible.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (really not listening)
dialog: A hugely-successful American company, built by my own
dialog: family, the blood of my own family, merging last year
dialog: with DCS Industries on the promise of 2 global future
dialog: pinned to a groundbreaking shoe — your design — witha
dialog: new style of material, launched this week to great fanfare
text: f~ and now meeting a growing international roar of laughter
dialog: and rejection, enough to cause this memo from Jeffrey Barlow
text: CEO of DCS, “this once highly-anticipated product may
dialog: actually cause an entire generation to return to bare feet.”
dialog: We are about to enter a free-fall plunge. And the sound you
text: hear is the sound of shit hitting the fan, globally.
text: Drew is stricken. For a moment we hear the whistling sound of wind.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I wish there was something I could do.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Actually, there is.
dialog: (witb suspicious compassion)
text: Sitting in a room downstairs is a reporter from
dialog: Modern Business Journal. He's one of the good
dialog: guys. He’ll help usifhe can. The story of our
dialog: recall will break in a week, this Monday, and
dialog: you know, whatever you want to say — within
dialog: parameters — would be wonderful.
dialog: f : :
text: 5 Drew takes it in, He is a loyal warrior to the end.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: For example, we need him to understand. We
dialog: hired you from our National Scholarship. program.
dialog: We supported, invested in your brilliance. This
dialog: was a very creative endeavor.
dialog: 4 (pause).
dialog: And I think you should stand up for your incredible work.
text: fatherly role-model. Now Phil is all reflective surface, a false front of
text: Drew stares at his once
text: support. It looks like another last look, unmistakably so.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (as in goodbye)
dialog: Thank you. :
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: You okay?
text: Drew slowly nods. He wants to say “Tm fine,” but can’t quite get there.
speaker_heading: : DREW :
dialog: mf...
scene_heading: INT. MERCURY SHOES HALLWAY — DAY
text: oor, flanked by Ellen and Mel (Security Guard #1). It feels
text: w stands at the door. Inside the Reporter waits. Drew
dialog: ders running for freedom. It’s too late. .
text: Drew arrives at the conference room d
text: like an execution, and in fact it is. Dre
text: jooks down the long hallway, and consi
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Well Ellen...
dialog: He’s about to say “wish me luck.”
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Drew. Phil asks that you not talk about him at all.
speaker_heading: REW
dialog: At all?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (takes a breath)
dialog: He wants you to take all the... credit.
dialog: 
dialog: [>.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (privately)
dialog: You were wearing that jacket the first time I met you. -
text: Ellen smiles distantly. Quietly, @ lover's negotiation:
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Are you going back tonight?
speaker_heading: DREW :
dialog: No I was gonna stay... that was the plan, right? uo ‘
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Plans change, Drew.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Drew faces the gimlet-eyed reporter, HERBIE GONSALVES, 46, a poker-faced professional.
text: On the table before them are Drew’s conceptual drawings of the now-infamous shee. It is a boldly
text: designed shoe, with a very wide base, festooned with criss-crossing colorful designs. We notice
text: ( ‘\ it’s name in the sketches — Spasmotica. Nearby, a copy of last week's Modern Business Journal.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: And did Phil approve the designs, and work closely
dialog: with you on The Spasmotica?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (ghumly)
dialog: Actually it’s pronounced “Spaas-motica.”
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Of course, there’s an “umlaut” — I'm sorry.
dialog: So it’s “spizz” or... “spowze”... ?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: He set me free to do whatever I wanted.
text: The Reporter looks at Drew with pen suspended over a small-sized notebook. The smell of
text: corporate violence is in the air. The pack needs to devour a wounded animal. Gonsalves offers
text: one final chance for survival before writing a death sentence.
speaker_heading: ( ‘ REPORTER
dialog: Your design, your vision... completely?
dialog: 
dialog: t)
dialog: "a
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Completely.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: And it came to you... in a crazy burst, or ~
speaker_heading: DREW ve
dialog: I developed it for eight years.
dialog: (voice trails)
dialog: Night and day.
dialog: (quieter) a
dialog: Tt was... meant to approximate walking on a cloud.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: {still not writing)
dialog: So you’re the one.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: T'm the one.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: And that’s B - a-i...?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: B-a-y..d-o-r..
text: Drew’s life flashes before him... several times. The Reporter sets pen to paper, shaking his head
text: slightly as he scribbles in his notebook. Drew eyes his name being written upside-down,
text: mesmerized by the scratching sound, and the enormity of the effect this small act will now have on
dialog: his destiny.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: When does this run? A week?
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Aweek. Actually, six days... by Sunday evening
dialog: it’ be on the stands... can you believe I don’t
dialog: have longer to write 2 piece like this? It’s
dialog: gonna be tough for me.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: That’s... that’s too bad.
dialog: 
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: But for you, It’s a little bit like knowing the plane
dialog: is going down before anyone else, isn’t it? .
dialog: (still writing)
dialog: Do you know what you're going to do next?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: Thave some plans. -
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: vo (looking up)
dialog: Any last words?
scene_heading: INT. MERCURY HEADQUARTERS - AFTERNOON
text: Ellen lingers a bit, putting a fresh security id. badge ona handsome new Recruit, as Drew passes.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (to Ellen) —
dialog: Hey, so —
text: Ellen doesn’t even look at Drew. He tums to see her hand seductively guide his replacement down
text: the corridor. The movement of her hand on the recruit’s back js mesmerizing in its brutal message.
dialog: This is what it feels like to be erased.
speaker_heading: ON GLASS JAR
text: Drew drops his security badge into the container by the exit. It clinks with finality.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: watching Ellen walk away. He knows he’s supposed to leave with dignity, knows this with every
text: bone in his body... but instead, giving way to feelings of disbelief and anxiety, he moves in the
text: opposite direction, towards her.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey — this is really silly. You probably don’t
text: realize how this is coming off.
text: Ellen turns, the panic of public embarrassment in her eyes. Two Mercury Guards now flank Drew,
text: easing him backwards as co-workers watch.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NY
dialog: oe 13
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I mean, this is sort of like you're blowing me off!
text: The guards deposit Drew on the other side of the tinted glass separating Mercury Shoes from the
text: rest of the world. He stands alone, in near silhouette. . .
speaker_heading: SUDDEN CUT TO
scene_heading: MOVING MEDIUM SHOT
text: Drew suddenly appears again on the other side of the tinted glass, moving alongside what he can
text: barely make out of Ellen and the new recruit. (Theme indicates this as a “last look” at Ellen)
speaker_heading: DREW ~
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Ellen... listen... wait... |
scene_heading: EXT. MERCURY WINDOW - AFTERNOON
text: Drew is on the other side of the tinted glass: He cannot follow any further. He stands alone in the
text: courtyard of the gorgeous campus, focked-out on this beautiful day, as casually dressed and
text: oblivious employees move past him. ‘ .
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE :
dialog: | found myself thinking about my Taiwanese counterpart
dialog: in Region 3. David Tan. ‘What would happen to him?
scene_heading: EXT. MERCURY BUILDING — AFTERNOON
text: Sunlight glints off the comer of the Mercury Tower.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: (figuring it all out)
dialog: ‘And in that moment I knew. Success — success ~
dialog: not greatness... was the only God the entire world served.
text: The sun disappears behind the building. Drew takes a last look at his former world, the courtyard,
text: the people, a company trash-can, and finally himself in the reflected windows.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Drew walks up the steps, passing a cute Astsy Girl and her Boyfriend.
dialog: 
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: ARTSY GIRL
dialog: Oh Drew. We’re having a party on Friday,
dialog: so if you’re home working, there will be-noise.
speaker_heading: mr DREW
dialog: (not a social animal)
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Drew’s personal ritual. He turns the key and shoves his shoulder into the front door just so. Door
text: swings open, as theme begins.’.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S APARTMENT - NIGHT ‘
speaker_heading: ’
text: Drew shuts the door to his stark, smallish apartment. This is the solitary existence of a man who
text: does not “entertain.” It’s dominated by a television, stacks of video games, and two framed
text: Spasmotica prototypes (in different stages of painstaking development) on the wall. A laptop
text: glows with a Spasmotica screensaver and some sketches sit ona small kitchen table. He sets
text: down his things. He takes a look around, lets out,a breath. Home sweet home.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Drew’s kitchen drawer opens, taking theme music out. Drew withdraws a Ginzu knife from the
text: kitchen drawer. It’s in a special case reading: “The Sharpest Knife in the World - As Advertised.”
text: The knife is long, thin, and savage with a serrated blade. We know this knife from late-night tv
text: infomercials, where a burly chef first hurls tomatoes at the knife, which slices them cleanly, and
text: then smoothly cuts steel with it: Drew feels the blade, auditions the act of plunging it deep into bis
dialog: chest. Yes, this is the right knife.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: pulling a long-dormant exercise-bike into the center of the small living room.
speaker_heading: ON HIS HANDS
text: pulling out a long strip of gaffer’s tape from a spool.
speaker_heading: ON THE KNIFE
text: being gaffer-taped into position by the speedometer.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ON WALL SOCKET
text: Drew plugs in the bike.
speaker_heading: WIDER SHOT
text: Ever the designer, with focused intensity, Drew tests the efficiency of this machine before uging it
text: himself. He presses “on,” and stands back to observe...
speaker_heading: THE MACHINE
text: It bucks powerfully, the knife stabbing insistently into the air, into the exact spot where his heart
dialog: will soon be.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: He admires the clean efficiency of his suicide machine. Ciearly, anyone seated in this machine will
text: be the victim of a special kind of Hari-Kari. It works. It’s perfect. He turns it off. Ah, but one
text: thing is missing... and he knows what it is. Drew exits and returns with a pair of the villainous
text: Spasmoticas. He ties the laces together and hangs them from the handlebars. This is perfection.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW’S APARTMENT ~ NIGHT
text: With the decision, has come freedom. With an almost skip
text: clothes, a wicker chair, the television, videos, camera, and
text: behind his apartment.
text: in his step, Drew places a box of his
text: all his belongings by the trash bins
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S APARTMENT — NIGHT - MINUTES LATER
text: Drew climbs into the seat. The place is neat, and empty. Now gripped with a real sense of
text: purpose, he regards the “on” switch. We hear a very subtle chirp, an innocuous ascending ring.
text: it’s the hushed reminder that his cell-phone rests on the table nearby. It’s not hard to ignore, so he
text: does. The call goes to voice-mail with a final beep.
text: ON THE GAFFER’S TAPE .
text: which weakens as the knife begins to droop. Drew adjusts the knife, adding more gaffer’s tape’
text: He is now completely focused and utterly centered. The phone chirps again. Drew doesn’t hear it,
text: as he takes a breath.
text: ON THE ON SWITCH
text: his finger rests on it
dialog: 
dialog: ()
dialog: 16
text: And finally Drew becomes aware of the contimuing ring. With zen-like calm, he rises and brings
text: the phone back to his seat. He is completely at peace, almost cheerful:
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hello. «'
dialog: 1! tae ot
text: It’s HEATHER, 25, his sister. Heather is ever-burdened-with-responsibility. >
speaker_heading: HEATHER’S VOICE
dialog: Drew, it’s your sister. I have some really bad news.
text: Drew nods knowingly. Of course it’s bad news. Is there any other kind of news?
speaker_heading: DREW,
dialog: Could you call me tomorrow?’ ©
speaker_heading: HEATHER’S VOICE
dialog: No. ol
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: * (extra pleasant)
dialog: Could you call me a little later?
speaker_heading: HEATHER’S VOICE
dialog: No, honey.
text: He regards the “on” switch. It beckons.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Ten minutes?
speaker_heading: HEATHER’S VOICE ana
dialog: Dad died.
text: This bad news is a deep physical blow. He goes limp with the impact.
speaker_heading: HEATHER’S VOICE
dialog: (barreling forward)
dialog: He had a heart attack, back in Kentucky. He was
text: still visiting Uncle Dale. Mom’s in total shock.
dialog: You’ve got to handle this —
text: Drew’s eyes close. His back hunches. The day has now reached ghastly, unfathomably bad
text: proportions. He listens to his sister’s shaky voice.
dialog: 
dialog: ‘ 7
scene_heading: INT. HEATHER’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Heather sits at her kitchen table. A baby monitor is nearby, crackling with the sound of her child.
text: Heather’s face is frozen in a state of shock and panic .
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: —you’re the responsible one. You're the oldest. ‘
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Paralyzed, Drew sits absolutely still. He looks at the knife, which droops and falls to the floor.
text: He looks out the window.
speaker_heading: POV DREW ‘
text: The alley. Three bums excitedly and jealously thrash through Drew’s possessions. (Note: the
text: frame actually spins slowly on an axis, his world literally turning — spinning like a smail
dialog: hallucination that creates this sharp return to reality as we... ) ,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PORTLAND AIRPORT ~ NIGHT
text: HOLLIE BAYLOR is moving furiously forward through the Portland Airport terminal. At 57,
text: Drew’s mother still carries her collegiate good-looks and a school-girl’s obsession with the biggest
dialog: questions of life. Carefree people have often patted her on the shoulder and said, “Hey, just have a
text: good time.” But as we meet her, all her worst fears have come true. Into frame comes Heather,
text: Drew’s sister and now Drew himself, holding a garment bag and a backpack. It’s a blizzard of
text: adrenalized conversation. They are commandos trying to outrun grief. .
speaker_heading: HOLLIE oe
dialog: T'm a widow... I’m a widow... I'm a widow...
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: It’s okay, Mom. Drew has a plan.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (glazed, weary)
dialog: T have a plan
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: I don’t know why he went back to Kentucky!
dialog: I don’t know what the attraction was —
dialog: 
dialog: i”
dialog: ,
dialog: r
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: He was born there.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: They don’t like me there, they never did.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Drew will take care of everything.
dialog: (to Drew)
dialog: Honey, you understand I can’t go because of the baby.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: T'll be back in two days. '
speaker_heading: HEATHER '
dialog: I'll man the phones.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: T'll always be the one who “snatched” him away
dialog: from them. The two sides of this family have
dialog: never integrated well, so don’t expect to make
dialog: a lot of friends back there.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Drew doesn’t make friends, Mom.
text: Drew stops.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: I have friends!
text: They don’t hear him. They’ve hurried on. He rushes to keep up.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: And you’ve got the Blue Suit. The navy blue —
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (off garment bag)
dialog: Thave the Blue Suit.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: He loved that silly blue suit.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: God knows if I made him truly happy —
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: PU call from Kentucky. I’ll be there in the morning.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: We have a plan.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: We have a plan.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And you hold your head up high. Dos’t you
dialog: forget... you go back there as the most successful
dialog: man in the history of your family. Don’t let them
text: Drew hoists the bag up, coughs a little. He has not shared the earlier failure of this day.
speaker_heading: DREW | oe
dialog: Is there anything else about what he said, how he
dialog: wanted to be buried?
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: He never wanted to talk about it!
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Wait. Wait... wait... I think he said sprinkled at sea!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Okay good. Sprinkled at sea!
speaker_heading: HEATHER 1
dialog: We have a plan. We're working well together!
text: She gestures with her arm and knocks into a passerby.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Excuse me --
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Just tell them I’m too sad to fly. My God, I have
dialog: to call people and clean out the office —
text: The Security Gate looms ahead. They stop.
dialog: 19
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ws. HOLLIE
dialog: —Yma widow. - .
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: (checking monitors) an
dialog: We'll figure this out! We'll figure this out... just Se
dialog: get dad home, Hurry. .
text: Hollie looks at her son with a stunned expression. Suddenly she can’t or won’t let go of his arm.”
speaker_heading: HOLLIE .
dialog: (dazed, fractured)
dialog: I was still waiting for everything to start and now
text: it’s over.
text: Drew kisses them both quickly.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: T'll bring him home.
speaker_heading: ) HOLLIE
dialog: Wait... get close... come here...
text: She pulls them together for a small huddle.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: What did Dad always say...? “If it wasn’t this —
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: — it would be something else.”
text: The memory somehow grounds them.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
text: His spirit is still hovering, looking for a place to land...
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: looking upward.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: ... naw go and do him justice! And call and
dialog: ») tell us everything! Go!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 21
text: People are trying to get past their cluster hug. Drew pulls away, and is
dialog: immediately vectored into
dialog: Security lines.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: in line. It occurs to him.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey wait! How do we sprinkle him at sea ina
dialog: blue suit? .
text: They cannot quite hear him. Drew tums and faces forward. Music matches the pulses of thoughts
text: in his head. His consciousness revs. '
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE
dialog: The Business Journal article would run in six days.
dialog: I would go to Kentucky.
scene_heading: PULSE — THE PLANE TICKET
text: in his band.
scene_heading: PULSE - THE SUIT
text: in his other hand.
speaker_heading: DREW’S-VOICE
dialog: Put my father in the Blue Suit, bring him home...
scene_heading: PULSE — DREW’S APARTMENT - FLASHBACK TO AN HOUR EARLIER
text: Drew regards the Suicide Exercise Machine. The Ginzu knife stands ready for duty. He shuts the
text: door to the closet, and we stay with the shiny machine for an extra moment.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: ... and then get back on that bike.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT SECURITY AREA — NIGHT
text: Hollie and Heather stay for a last look, waving goodbye on the other side of the Security
dialog: Checkpoint.
dialog: 
dialog: ~y
speaker_heading: ‘e222
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: (absolutely resolute) Me
dialog: Nothing would stop The Plan. ,
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT SECURITY AREA - NIGHT - ONE MINUTE LATER
text: Drew lifts the garment bag from the conveyor belt, and is immediately stopped by two Airport
dialog: Security Guards.
speaker_heading: GUARD # 1
dialog: Could you come with us for a second?
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER SECURITY AREA - NIGHT
text: The two Guards search and interrogate Drew, as a third silent Guard in fatigues sits watching with
text: a machine gun at his side. From time to time, he taps information into an open laptop.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: You made this plane reservation at the last minute.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: It’s a family emergency.
text: Guard # 1 casts a knowing glance over at Guard #2, the “) family emergency” line. Guard #2
text: finds a small pair of scissors, and shows it to Guard #1. They look at each other meaningfully —
text: the case against Drew is growing. They regard the tiny weapon like a bomb of epic proportions.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: You’ re traveling with this --
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Take it.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Have you ever attended school overseas?
speaker_heading: DREW .
dialog: One semester in Germany.
text: The Guards openly share their most powerful Sook yet. They look at the two very different suits in
text: Drew’s garment bag. One is a standard issue. The other is The Blue Suit. It immediately
text: fascinates them. It’s not quite in fashion, strangely anonymous. Purposely anonymous? The
text: Guards flick looks to each other.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: And this is your suit? .
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: The suit belongs to my Dad. . ‘
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: (careful, skeptical)
dialog: And your “father’s” going to wear this suit?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: For eternity.
dialog: '
text: Beat. Suddenly they understand. And this issue, as Drew will soon find out, strikes a chord in all
text: men, large and small. A silent moment passes between them. Guard # 2 gives Drew a sympathetic
text: pat on the shoulder. Guard #3 holds out the plastic container with the Beautiful You baggie.
text: Drew takes it, acknowledging the most menacing guard’s gesture of kindness. The three men -
text: share one last wordless moment in the security area, We hear the shimmering guitar introduétion
text: of the song that serve as a musical signpost for the movie, Claire’s Theme.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT PERSONNEL TRAM — NIGHT
text: A group of Southwest Airline employees move off the airport shuttle carrying bags. There is little
text: glamour in their weary movements. Just another work force on the late-night shift. Shot finds a
text: young woman, 25 or so, in casual clothes exiting with a roller suitcase. She steps out into’a blast
text: ‘of summer heat, smoothing her clothes. Music continues as she leaves the real air behind and
text: proceeds to enter the air-conditioned, timeless capsule of...
scene_heading: INT. PORTLAND AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: The Airport. She walks the thoroughfare. It’s mostly empty, just a crying baby and a group of
text: stray late-night passengers. She dutifully shows an armed guard her Airline security badge. There
text: is little romance left in what was once a glamour profession. She took the job for freedom and
text: travel. Lately she feels like a cop. She is CLAIRE COLBURN, built for travel, tired by nature,
text: and she pauses to adjust her shoe.
scene_heading: INT, CHANGING STATION/LOCKERS — NIGHT
text: Claire opens her locker, changes into uniform. Just another night. Music continues.
scene_heading: J INT. AIRPORT PEOPLE MOVER — NIGHT
text: Drew in close-up sitting with coffee. He is new to grief, and we can almost feel him burrowing
dialog: 
speaker_heading: C
dialog: rae
dialog: eo 24
text: inward, retreating from the world. At the other end, Claire sits with headset. Her uniform is now
text: on, along with her public front. Two travelers on very different courses. They don’t ever see each,
dialog: other, as song continues. ‘
scene_heading: INT. SOUTHWEST AIRLINE - NIGHT . an 4
text: We are airborne. Claire routinely mops up the sink in the galley of the plane, and surveys the ~
text: passenger load. The plane is nearly empty, as her gaze passes to the right and left, seeing only
text: three passengers in first, and then the center. One overhead light and one passenger at the very, -
dialog: very back. :
dialog: +
scene_heading: ON DREW - HER DISTANT POV
text: He sits quietly.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON DREW
text: The thundering reality of all that happened today is starting to sink in. His eyes are fixed on a
text: distant point, uncomprehending. He absently watches...
dialog: oo
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ~ HIS POV
text: The distant Flight Attendant takes the long trek, purposefully and with very good posture, all the
text: way down the very long aisle to him. She lowers, down to his exact eye level.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (mock professionalism)
dialog: Sir, by flying this flight, you’ ve helped save all our
dialog: jobs, Definitely mine, maybe even the entire airline.
dialog: ‘We would like to reward you with a free seat in first-class.
speaker_heading: DREW n Loe .
dialog: (distant) .
dialog: I'm fine.
text: Claire looks at him. He doesn’t get it. She shifts her body-language a dit.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Okay — let me try it like this.
dialog: (more direct)
dialog: I’m really tired. Please don’t make me keep
dialog: walking all the way back here... all night long.
dialog: 
dialog: a ‘
scene_heading: *- INT. FIRST-CLASS - NIGHT - MANY MINUTES LATER
text: He’s sitting in a darkened first-class. She sits on the arm-rest across the aisle. He’s getting ready
text: to go to sleep, but she’s just getting started. .
dialog: ’ . . o &
dialog: Louisville, Kentucky. Home, business or family?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (polite, final) °
dialog: My dad. , :
text: Claire responds to his signal in her unique way — by ignoring it! She leans closer. She is an intent
text: listener, nodding slightly, collecting information like a detective assembling clues to a murder.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Where does he live in Louisville?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: f >) Actually he’s near Louisville.
text: He pronounces it like the rest of the world: “Louie-ville.” She corrects him, like a native.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Loua - vull.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Lou-a-ville. He’s in Elizabethtown.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Good. 1 hope someone is driving you because the
text: roads around there are hopelessly and gloriously
dialog: confusing. Lou-a-vull.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Yul keep that in mind.
text: He smiles pleasantly, with absolute good manners, and claims his privacy by politely shutting the
text: overhead light off.
speaker_heading: IN DARKNESS
text: ) Claire doesn’t even process the brush-off. She’s built to help strangers.
dialog: 25
dialog: 
dialog: 26
dialog: t
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: T’ll draw you a quick map.
text: She hesitates and then clicks his light back on.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: ‘
text: Claire draws a map on a piece of paper while telling Drew her life story. Drew, polite but distant,
text: now clutches a drink. .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ‘
dialog: So Ben and I are in a wait-and-see pattem. He’s
dialog: my first real “genius,” you know? His‘ideas are
text: just sinfully astounding. Disturbingly astounding!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Right. Okay.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
text: He goes to Harvard, we meet up in strange cities
dialog: y and never the same one. He works a lot:
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (dutifully)
dialog: So why is it “wait-and-see?”
speaker_heading: CLAIRE |
dialog: I'm not sure. I'll wait and see.
dialog: (off map)
dialog: So you want to get to 264. And then you want to
dialog: not miss 60B, I’m going to be obnoxious about that.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Got it. Okay.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: Bens are strangely delightful. And very intuitive.
dialog: Complex. Almost too complex to be around. Do
dialog: you know any Bens?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (obligated)
dialog: I know one Ben. He’s very professional.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: rT.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (very interested)
dialog: [ma student of names. For example. What’s your
dialog: Dad’s name?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Mitchell.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Mitchell or Mitch?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Mitchell, Sometimes Mitch.
text: She nods approvingly, a connoisseur
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: Mmm. The son of a Mitch.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ry And just yesterday... I was fired by a Phil.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Phils are dangerous. Phils are less predictable
dialog: than Bens.
text: He looks at her. And just randomly, for no reason she can even put her finger on...
dialog: love a little.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: And your girlfriend is a...
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Ellen.
text: The name “Ellen” is troubling to both of them.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: How’s that going?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: f Sort of a wait-and-see. But then I waited...
dialog: y and I saw.
dialog: *927
dialog: . she falls in
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ~ CLAIRE
dialog: Iwas going to say... 've never hada good experience
dialog: with an Ellen, or a Phil. .
text: She gives him the map. Mh
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: How about with 2 Mitch?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (mamediately)
dialog: Never met a Mitch I didn’t like. Fun, Full of life.
dialog: You know what I mean when I say “fun?” You
dialog: want to be part of a Mitch’s club. + AmI close?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (distant smile)
dialog: Close.
text: She detects a trace of something.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: He’s okay, right?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Yeah. He's...
text: She nods sage-like, ever the student of names. Drew swallows once, contemplates saying “dead”
dialog: for the first time in connection with bis father.
speaker_heading: » DREW
dialog: ... he’s fine.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (Southern charm)
dialog: Give him a big ‘ol hug for me.
text: Drew doesn’t respond. Not much.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Tm Claire, by the way.
speaker_heading: J . DREW
dialog: 28
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (appreciates name)
dialog: Nice.
speaker_heading: DREW oo
dialog: (obligated) - - yy
dialog: Same to you.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE a. vod
dialog: (self-deprecating) "
dialog: Please. Y11 let you sleep. Enjoy your map.
text: But something is still amiss in his demeanor. She shrugs it off, as she reaches for bis garment bag. ©
text: (The three other passengers are long asleep.) .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Let me take this ~
text: He hesitates in handing it over, just a little. She responds in kind, treating the item a bit more
text: ~ gingerly. She looks at the suit, looks back at Drew who finally shuts the light off. She tums away -
text: with the suit. It hits her. She knows.
speaker_heading: ON DREW z
text: whose eyes glaze and blink slowly... just starting... starting... to... fall... asleep...
scene_heading: RANDOM IMAGES AND FEELINGS - ARCHIVING AND SORTING MEMORIES
text: _.. accompanied by no music, just the white noise of an airliner. We see criss-crossing images from
text: the consciousness of a man attempting sleep. His voice-over continues in a vacant tone not unlike
text: someone who bas answered the phone while still dreaming. They sound awake but something is
text: just a bit off.
text: 1) A kid (YOUNG DREW) in the passenger seat of a Ford LTD 70's edition. Strapping on-an
text: unwieldy shoulder harness.
text: 2) A man (MITCH) cleaning out an office, handing boxes to the kid.
text: 3) A posed “casual” shot of Mitch. Always bolt-upright, hands at sides.
text: 4) Mitch walks down a courtyard corridor, turning back for a moment, then waving goodbye with
dialog: back tumed. :
dialog: we
dialog: 
text: 5) Ellen’s band on the young recruit’s back.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: I won’t really be able... to sleep. J am not... I probably...
dialog: won't really... 1am not asleep... did I bring enough .
dialog: money?,... ATM... thirsty now... ‘
speaker_heading: CLAIRE’S VOICE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Good moming!
text: Drew lurches awake. Claire holds orange juice just outside the range of his body, saving a spill.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE’S ‘VOICE
dialog: Go-od morning! .
scene_heading: INT. PLANE/LOUISVILLE AIRPORT - BRIGHT MORNING
text: Drew exits past Claire, with blue suit in bag. She offers him a coupon and some wings. She is
text: thoroughly professional and bright, even though her passenger load is four groggy people. Drew is
text: J the last to exit.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE -
dialog: And congratulations, Drew, you’ve eamed your wings
dialog: as our ten millionth passenger. And here is a coupon good
dialog: for any Hyatt Regency in the greater Western Kentucky
dialog: area. Better move quickly, lots of people behind you!.
text: He looks behind him ~ no one there. He smiles gamely, the full scope of her humor eludes him.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (she’s exhausting)
dialog: Well, thank you.
text: He takes the wings, and the coupon. He nods goodbye, puts it in his pocket.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Absolutely.
text: She looks at him, wondering if this is her own last look at him.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: And good luck with Ben.
dialog: 
dialog: y
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Look, I know I may never see you again, but ~
text: She Jeans forward, and can’t resist giving him — the him she secretly knows to be srieving — this
dialog: private and heartfelt advice.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: — we are intrepid. We carry on.
speaker_heading: DREW ‘
dialog: (rather baffled)
dialog: Nice to meet you.
text: He tums, and exits quickly. She watches him for five-and-a-half steps. She can’t help it: |
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Rental cars are around the comer!
text: He turns. She continues loudly, pointing for emphasis at a distance.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You'll see the signs! Bluegrass Parkway tums
dialog: into Exit 60B! Don’t forget. 60B!
speaker_heading: DREW
text: (pointing back, imitating her)
dialog: Okay thanks!
text: Drew nods, turns away again. She just can’t quite let him go.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE -
dialog: You okay to drive?!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (turns, spreads arms)
dialog: T'm fine! :
speaker_heading: ON CLAIRE
text: watching him leave her life, perfectly framed in the hallway. Her face is a question-mark. She
text: raises her hands to her face and takes an imaginary “snapshot.”
dialog: 
dialog: =a
dialog: ( / . * 32
speaker_heading: z2 ON DREW
text: who can’t help a half-grin as he waves politely and turns quickly. We see her, out-of-focus, still
text: watching in the background. He looks down at the coupon in his hands. Tums it over.
scene_heading: ON FLIP SIDE OF COUPON: .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE COLBURN ,
scene_heading: 709-342-7295 (cell) 709-432-2314 (home)
scene_heading: 709-398-4562 (voice-mail)
text: And in black ink: DON’T MISS INTERSTATE 60B!!
text: For one very brief second, Drew is curiously intrigued. He laughs to himself, just a little. He tilts
text: the coupon to the side to see that she’s also written another number. 709-437-6823 ** auto club,
dialog: if you get lost! ‘
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR/UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Drew tums the air-conditioning on full-blast, everything its got. ‘He’s on the cell-phone. He’s in
text: the subterranean rental car parking area. .
speaker_heading: DREW :
dialog: Uncle Dale! I’m in Louisville. Just landed. ’'m
dialog: leaving now... 60B... yes, | have a map and T will
dialog: be there by five ‘o clock. I have the Blue Suit.
dialog: 
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know about 60B. Yes, I’m okay. T’'ll meet you
dialog: right at Aunt Dora’s house. Got it. Okay.
speaker_heading: ON BLUE GRASS
text: whizzing by a car window. The deep green and the turquoise-biue of the passing landscape is so
text: vivid it is psychedelic. He is unaware of it. Map rises into shot.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - DAY
text: Drew drives, barely noticing the sights just outside his window. His grasp of direction is already
text: slipping away. We hear only the whoosh of countryside whipping by, joined with the air-
dialog: conditioner.
dialog: (Note: Composition will subtly shift, as it does naturally in this area of the country, where life in
dialog: general seems to be 4/Sths sky.)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: F
dialog: ©)
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - DAY - HOUR LATER
text: Drew is increasingly panicked. Signs whiz by, bearing no resemblance to the directions. He'is ‘
text: very lost, sbuffling through papers as he drives and cranes for a look at signs. There are no other
dialog: cars in sight. ,
speaker_heading: ON SIGNS , ‘
text: passing. Interstate numbers like 274... 278B... 279A... fly by.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - AFTERNOON
text: The car is completely still, parked in the middle of the road, Heat and beauty and absolute stillness
text: surround him. He flips out inside the car.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Did I miss 60B!! DID I MISS 60B???!!!
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - LATER AFTERNOON - MOVING
text: Driving again, Drew cranes to look for any clue, as he continues on his cell-phone.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Uncle Dale! Just got phone service back! Yes.
dialog: I went ail the way to Frankfort, and now I’m
text: on the Blue Grass Parkway. Passed the Old
dialog: Kentucky Home Museum... not the Chaplin River
dialog: yet... it’s very beautiful here... okay, great... ru
dialog: meet you right at the place... the parlor... isita
dialog: “parlor?”... a home...
speaker_heading: ON SIGN a 7
dialog: reading: Elizabethtown.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR ~ LATE AFTERNOON
text: At last. Drew powers forward. Music.
scene_heading: SHOTS OF ELIZABETHTOWN
text: A red-and-purple sky. The still blazing late afternoon sun presses against the windows of his rent-
text: a-car. Drew squints — he forgot sunglasses ~ as he drives into the town. This main thoroughfare
text: cuts through Elizabethtown, first lined with a row of small businesses, then more residential
dialog: 
dialog: ‘
dialog: tr * 34
text: \e homes. Lawn equipment... porches.... flags dot nearly each house. One car-port even sports four
text: flags. Drew drives past the Train Museum, actually a well-kept locomotive in a gravel field.
text: Kids on the street wave him in, point him ahead. One kid on a blue bike, wearing goggles, joins
text: him as an escort. A silver-haired woman on a porch watches his car pass. Other kids wave at
text: him. On another front lawn, a teenage gorl jumps on a trampoline. We pass Clay County High: ©
text: School, where girls basketball practices outside. More residents line the sidewalks, waving him
text: forward. All now cheering and pointing him onward a few more blocks to his destination. ,He is,
text: quite clearly, and quite famously... late. Music continues.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETHTOWN FUNERAL HOME ~— LATE AFTERNOON
text: Drew pulls into the crunchy gravel parking lot by a brown-l brick one-story building. The parking
dialog: lot is full.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR - LATE AFTERNOON .
text: Through his side window, Drew sees a youngish man slightly older than himself. He’s leaning on
text: the front fender of a hatchback. He looks enormously happy to see Drew. He is JESSIE
text: BAYLOR, 31. Drew squints into the sun. Takes a breath. He opens the door and emerges from
text: Co this, the last in a series of protective air-conditioned, capsules that have deposited him here.,
scene_heading: SD EXT. ELIZABETHTOWN FUNERAL HOME - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Drew officially sets foot in the South.
text: He is met with an otherworldly heat, a deep humidity, and the resounding roar of cicadas. All the
text: smells and the lushness of the Southern summer immediately crowd his lungs. He has been to a
text: few distant places, even Europe for a summer, but nothing has felt so far from home as this.
text: Somewhere a bell clangs. The blinding sun cuts through some trees to blur his vision for a
text: moment. Shading his eyes, he sees Jessie approaching swiftly, crunching loudly on the gravel:
text: Hoisting up the garment bag, Drew meets him halfway. A A light urgency is in the
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Jessie?
speaker_heading: JESSIE .
dialog: Cuz!
text: Drew is hit with a walloping bug.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: f— This loss will be met by a hurricane of love,
dialog: 2 and you are staying with me!
dialog: 
dialog: . 35
dialog: VA .
text: Jessie walks Drew through a tree-shaded path to the Funeral Home’s adjacent cemetery. Jessie is
text: immediately tactile, and preps Drew like a Senator’s aide whispering loudly in his ear.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Okay, Cuz, I’m going to take care of everything.
dialog: You remember Uncle Dale. ‘You're going to meet
dialog: Charles Dean, who was a good old friend of your
dialog: Daddy’s. P.S. ~ you met all these people when you
dialog: were very small. Don’t worry, I will not leave your side.
text: They trudge up a small hill to a plot of land. Jessie presents Drew with pride and relief to have
text: somebody new in town who is roughly his age.
speaker_heading: JESSIE |
dialog: _.. Charles Dean! Meet the grown up Drew Baylor!
text: Here is CHARLES DEAN, 62, a local institution. His face resembles a natural rock formation.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: J Thank you. My condolences.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: And you remember Uncle Dale.
text: (UNCLE) DALE BAYLOR, 56, is Mitch’s younger brother and Jessie’s father. He too is
text: regional through-and-though, though flecked with regret at his own lack of wanderlust. The men
text: all gravely shake hands. Drew remembers none of them.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETHTOWN CEMETERY PLOT ~ LATE AFTERNOON
text: The men stand near a patch of green lawn:
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: Here is Mitch’s plot. It’s been in your family for
dialog: 272 years. I have always endeavored to keep
dialog: this area clear for your Daddy.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We are still discussing that issue. There is a
dialog: possibility of cremation.
text: J ‘The mention of cremation lands hard, Charles Dean visibly freezes, looks are exchanged. A gust
text: of wind blows.
dialog: 
dialog: t
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: Well, for now, the question is... do you want an open or
text: a closed casket? .
text: Drew shifts body language. The big questions are arriving quickly.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Closed.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN "
dialog: You're sure.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Yes. He was a private man.
text: Charles Dean and Dale share a brief look. Drew feels there’s something he’s missing.
scene_heading: CHARLES DEAN .
dialog: (tightly)
dialog: 5 Okay, so closed.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Yes.
text: Charles Dean presents a small open box with a few of Mitch’s valuables.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: His wallet —
text: Drew looks at the lonely, familiar Brown Wallet.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: The Brown Wallet.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN a
dialog: And his ring from West Point. I’m assuming you'll
dialog: want it on.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Yes. He was very proud of West Point.
dialog: 
dialog: (
dialog: «= ON HIS FATHER’S WATCH
dialog: 37
text: also in box. Still ticking. Correct time: 6:10 pm. -
text: me CHARLES DEAN .
dialog: I don’t know if that means as much in California, dow
dialog: but West Point sure matters here.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Tt matters a lot.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Even though we now live in Oregon.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: And I did already dress him in a wonderful brown suit.
speaker_heading: DREW ,
dialog: (holding garment bag)
dialog: I did bring the Blue Suit.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: You take a look at the brown and decide later.
text: An uncomfortable beat passes.
speaker_heading: DREW -
dialog: We'd prefer the Blue.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: Fine. Then it'll be the Blue. Or the Brown.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Blue.
text: Charles Dean nods reluctantly.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: And do you want a closed casket... or an open casket?
text: Drew looks slightly puzzled. Wasn't this just settled?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Closed?
dialog: 
text: A long beat of silence. Looks are exchanged.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: (delicately)
dialog: Drew, I think what Charles Dean wants to say is,
dialog: your daddy’s friends might be disappointed
dialog: if they can’t see him again. They’d probably
dialog: be disappointed if it was closed for the Viewing.
dialog: (aside, to Charles Dean)
dialog: Is Bill Banyon coming?
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: I don’t think so... we haven't...
text: Dale nods, relieved. The issue evaporates.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: The Viewing?
speaker_heading: ) JESSIE
dialog: They’re all here, Cuz.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
text: They’ ve been waiting since three ‘o clock.
speaker_heading: UNCLE DALE
text: There’s a dinner later tonight. After the Viewing.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Fine. That’s — that’s fine. Just..- we'd better go -
dialog: over schedule and so forth because I Have to head
dialog: back in two days. So we'll need to talk about
text: flight arrangements for the casket —
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ~ or the ashes.
text: Looks are exchanged. It’s very uncomfortable.
scene_heading: INT. NEARBY CHAPEL ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: "A door swings open to a back chapel filled with people. Chartes Dean presents Drew grandly, as
text: 2 Drew looks at the small sea of unfamiliar faces, all of them dressed smartly and respectfully. He
text: feels their eyes, sizing him up.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: Everybody, this is Mitch’s Boy from California, of the
dialog: Califomia Baylors. This is Drew. He’s going to spend
dialog: some time alone with his daddy, and then we'll all join him.
dialog: Drew, you're related fo just about everybody here, and just .
dialog: as your father was, we’re,all very excited about your
dialog: eight-year triumph with that beautiful shoe. ‘
text: Drew looks at their sincere and curious faces and sees pieces of recognizable noses and eyes,,
text: elements of his father’s looks... all different spins on the same gene pool. He is not a public
text: speaker, Do they expect him to speak? Jessie leans over and whispers in Drew’s ear. :
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: You're going to need to say a little something
dialog: from your heart.
text: All eyes are now on Drew. Stiffly:
speaker_heading: DREW .
dialog: Thank you for being here: Sorry I'mlate.
text: He looks at their faces. It’s not enough. Awkward adrenalin courses through him.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: My condolences to all.
dialog: (blurts)
dialog: ma litle nervous. I’ve never seen a dead body before.
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING ROOM - EARLY EVENING
dialog: fe
text: Drew is traumatized. Drew walks forward, advancing on the coffin containing his father. Jessie.
text: Baylor is at his side.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: No, no ~ I’m not gonna let you feel bad. It
dialog: was from the heart —
dialog: (beat)
dialog: — but let them say “condolences” to you.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I thought “condolences” was —
speaker_heading: JESSIE
text: —no, it’s incoming. It’s an incoming phrase.
dialog: 
dialog: O)
dialog: a,
dialog: » 40
text: Only the upper-half of the coffin is open. An American flag is folded on the bottom-half of the
text: casket. Charles Dean appears at Drew’s other side.
text: The sight is rather overwhelming to Drew. A human body. His father... without breath. "Behind
text: him, Charles Dean assumes The Pose. Head down, hands clasped, pastoral. He is, after all, an
text: expert moumer. Drew tums to him, as if up until this moment, it all could have been a-terrible
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (quietly)
text: There he is.
text: It’s an enormously intimate moment. He draws closer, to the side of the casket. He passes
text: through many emotions, ending on a slightly perplexed look. Charles Dean notices an oddness in
dialog: Drew’s reaction. ' .
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: Did I not capture your Daddy... ?
text: Drew is silent. He continues locking, now curious.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I don’t know what the word is. It’s just a look 1
text: never saw before. A look on his face.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: Too solemn?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: No. I was going to say...
text: He tums to look at Charles, gauging the older man’s feelings.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ... Maybe not solemn enough.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: (quietly, defensively)
dialog: He was a fun guy.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Okay, but - this is - this is — what’s the word?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: ‘Whatever you wish. If you saw him differently...
speaker_heading: DREW ‘
dialog: No. I just r Pm a little tired ~
text: Drew nods — maybe so — and turns back to his father.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: If you move around a bit, you’ll see different aspects.
text: Drew knows he’s hurt the man’s feelings.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: It’s good... J just wish I could think of the word.
dialog: llike it. I like the way he looks. You did a great
dialog: job. Thank you.
text: Drew looks briefly at Charles Dean — this is all a bit personal ~ as Charles slips a box of Kleenex
text: on the side of the casket. Drew nods politely. Charles nods solemnly, and pulls a reluctant Jessie
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: looking down at his father. The improbable word comes to him.
speaker_heading: DREW.
dialog: Whimsical, The word is whimsical.
speaker_heading: ON MITCH
text: who looks like he’s been interrupted in mid-joke. We hear music, the introduction to the song
text: that will play through this and the next sequence. Drew moves around the coffin, looking closely.
text: 1n small ways, assisted by the lighting in this room, the expression actually does change... in small
dialog: but seemingly infinite variations. ‘
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey — why not? Whimsical.
text: Drew stares. He reaches forward carefully, and touches the knuckles on his father’s fingers. They
text: are hard and cold. He keeps looking at that face, the odd upbeat expression, as he stands alone in
text: the large room with Mitch. Drew tilts his head and moves to various vantage points to stare more
text: carefully at his father, as music continues.
dialog: 
dialog: 42
scene_heading: INT. AUNT DORA'S KITCHEN/HOME - EVENING
text: A burst-of human interaction. The small house is packed with flowers, friends, relatives and food.
text: A high-pitched intensity swirls around Drew. And he just happens to begin the beating heart of this ° ‘
text: home —the kitchen. With Jessie Baylor at his side, Drew is given a plate With a large piece of
text: yellow pie (Chess Pie, a regional favorite) by 65 year-old silver-blonde (AUNT) DORA. "y
text: CONNELLY. Dora represents the cheerfill side of the family, a grandchild-loving, powerful stalk
text: ofa woman. LENA, her older sister, moves nearby, always the co-hostess. (Lena: “How's your
text: mother, how's Hollie?”) Drew watches the unspoken synchronicity of these cooks, moving
text: swiftly, holding plates of food, never bumping into each other as they expertly cook for many.
text: They have swung into action. Three people talk to Drew simultaneously, one a tearful shy
text: girlfriend (CONNIE) of his father’s from a long time ago. She slips a high-school picture of Mitch
text: into his hands. All around him, he sees bits and pieces of facial similarities. Music continues, as
text: we see a portrait of Southern culture, the likes of which is entirely foreign to Drew.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
dialog: (Note: Drew is rarely, if ever, alone in frame.)
text: 1) Guests talk with Drew as he moves from the packed kitchen. Our view is partially obscured by
text: the backs of others. He's given an Ale-8, a soft-drink in a deep-green glass bottle. Many hold
text: similar bottles. “It’s a regional drink, it’s like Mountain Dew with a kick,” says Jessie. They love
text: seeing him drink it. “No it’s good,” Drew says. The guests, eager to talk to the visiting star, are
text: too close to his face. ‘Behind him on the wall is a Praying Hands sculpture. Moving in the close
text: environment, he knocks down the Praying Hands, and is given that too, along with more photos of
text: his father. Someone's voice says, pointedly: “We always wanted to know you better.”
dialog: and nearby...
text: 2) All burners on the stove are operating at full-blast. Hush puppies... Com fritters... Chicken...
text: 3) A table with Ham. A four-year old boy pops into the shot. He's got fiery mischief in his eyes.
text: He is SAMSON BAYLOR, and he eyes the ham with intent. He too holds an Ale-8 and is
text: already chewing something else. Drew meets another Cousin: “Uncle Mitch always wanted us to
dialog: meet. Everybody says we look alike.” There is only the vaguest similarity.
text: 4) Aunt Dora is assured that Bill Banyon is not showing up. She appears mightily relieved. (The
dialog: words “Bill Banyon” should become more and more prevalent, as in “Thank God Bill Banyon isn’t
dialog: coming.”)
text: 5) UNCLE ROY, 56 and skinny, is asleep in the living room with television on, dreaming an old
text: man’s dreams. Nearby Teenagers, beset with long faces and light acne, fumble with an impossible
text: group of remote controls, none of which seem to help operate a new TIVO/VCR system.
text: 6) Drew moves through the main part of the house, toward the living room, and he spots Samson
dialog: 
dialog: fy
dialog: "43
text: by the ham. Jesse introduces Drew to a pretty 16 year-old girl, whispering “Mona is a stare-er.”
text: We meet MONA, who has a very compelling stare. Just as Samson feels he’s not being watched, .
text: he slips the ham off the table and lets two nearby dogs erupt into a dogfight over it. Samson
text: escapes unseen, as the dogs are blamed. Aunt Lena'says: “Jennifer, get the dogs out of here!”
dialog: Uncle Roy sleeps through it all, : .
text: 7) The ham is quickly rescued, washed and re-dressed.
text: 8) Dora pulls out a Ginzu knife and starts cutting the ham, as Drew stands nearby. The blade is ©
text: familiar to Drew, and he looks at it like a lover with whom he still has a planned rendevous. Jessie
text: whispers in Drew’s ear throughout, always informing him of the players and the playing field’
text: 9) Jessie attempts to confiscate an Ale-8 from Samson’s hands. Samson wriggles away.
text: 10) Camera catches some of the memorabilia and photos being handed to Drew.
text: 11) Sad guy just sitting there, bolding a cigarette, looking sad.
text: 12) Samson unravels scotch tape, sees bananas, looks subversive.
text: 13) Teenagers by the television, continue to struggle. Others are now enlisted.to try and fix the
speaker_heading: TIVO/VCR.
text: 14) Drew easily fixes. the complicated remote control system, and he meets a local star Basketball
text: Player girl (still wearing jersey).
text: 15) Samson wedges the banana in the spigot of the pantry water-dispenser.
text: 16) Twin teenage girls show off a dance routine, which cheers up some of the more obviously
dialog: grieving elders. Se
text: 17) Samson screams next to Uncle Roy, and wakes him up, as he runs out the front door. Uncle
text: Roy asks absently: “Is Bill Banyon here?” A chorus comforts him, “No, probably not.” Uncle Roy
text: goes back to sleep.
text: 18) Drew is still surrounded by friends and family, all offering condolences. Uncle Dale arrives to
text: say, “easy now, he’s been through a lot, and just “cause his daddy liked to talk doesn’t mean hé
text: does.” Behind Dale, a car backs down the driveway. “Dale, isn’t that your car? Who’s in that
dialog: car?” “Where are my keys?”
text: 19) Jessie comes out of the bathroom. “What's going on?” Aunt Dora feeds him beans from a
text: spoon. Like a child. “It’s your son. He flooded the closet with the water dispenser. And right
text: now, he’s driving Dale’s car.”
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: C)
dialog: ~
text: 20) Drew chases after the car, going backwards, slowly down the sireet, bangs on the side.
text: 21) Samson is surrounded by concemed adults, who try not to reward his flamboyantly bad
dialog: behavior. , .
scene_heading: INT. AUNT DORA’S HOUSE -:NIGHT -LATER .
text: There is an immediate ripple. Someone has seen him turning up the walkway. A moment later,
text: BILL BANYON, 54, walks in the front door. Everything about him screams — mid-level slickster
text: He’s untrustworthy, not as brilliant as he believes he is, and clearly arrogant. But here’s the catch.
text: He’s fun. Rumor and innuendo becomes him. He simply has no shame, as he announces:
scene_heading: BILL BANYON a
dialog: So you obviously made a group decision not to
dialog: call and invite me. 2
text: Beat. No one responds. Banyon explodes into a smile, extending a hand to the first stranger he
text: sees, moving through the crowd like a politician with a checkered background.
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON ©
dialog: Hi. Bill Banyon... . a
dialog: (moving through crowd)
dialog: I hear Drew Baylor is here... how you doing?
dialog: ... how you doing, Bill Banyon...
text: Banyon spots a woozy Samson. He kneels down to. him.
scene_heading: . BILL BANYON —
dialog: Is this Samson? How you doing, Samson?
dialog: Give me a Big Boy’s hug —
text: Jessie and Drew watch as Samson rewards Banyon with the entire contents’of'an upset stomach.
text: The splatter hits Banyon and, to a much lesser degree, carpet and linen.
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON
dialog: Okay! Okay then... okay... nice to see you too.
text: His face locked into detached bemusement, Drew absorbs the emotional cacophony of human
text: behavior swirling around him.
scene_heading: EXT. AUNT DORA’S HOME ~ NIGHT
text: The windows and doors of the house are wide open, as the living room is aired out. Out of
text: necessity, the dinner has moved outdoors. The house looks beautiful, lit from within.
dialog: 
dialog: .
dialog: "45
text: Drew draws a sketch for a Starstruck Kid (Connie’s son). The kid then asks him to autograph a
text: Spasmotica ad, and pose for a picture. Others ask Drew questions, the Dancing Twins watch
dialog: transfixed. Drew is the st
dialog: ar of this evening, to the very end. We catch a real wearihess in him.
scene_heading: ON JESSIE NEARBY
text: being dressed down by Dale. Dale speaks to Jessie as if he’s still 17, which in many ways ‘he is.
text: It’s embarrassing watching an adult scolded, but it’s nothing new for Jessie. .
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: You've got to take control of your kid! That boy .
dialog: is looking for rules from you!
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Hey — blame me, everybody does.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: You can’t be a kid, and raise a kid! ‘Cause
dialog: they’re smart. They smell it.
speaker_heading: ON BANYON
text: talking to others about his business — real-estate — while adjusting borrowed sweatpants.
speaker_heading: ON JESSIE
text: who walks over to Drew. It’s been an eventful evening. Jessie has shared-his world with Drew,
text: and he is grateful to have somebody within the vicinity of his own age who just may understand.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: How you holding up?
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT 7
text: Drew and Jessie jog through the center of the street, an unlikely looking pair weighed down with
text: stuff. Drew tightly holds his bag, a few artifacts, food-containers and the Praying Hands. Jessie
text: holds his son, asleep and slung over his shoulder. On either side, there is the blue glow of houses
text: lit up by living room television. It feels good to be moving again, away from the crowd. They
text: arrive at Jessie’s small house. Samson is still asleep over Jessie’s shoulder. A few fireflies snap
dialog: and buzz.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Beautiful night... does it ever cool off?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “ JESSIE
dialog: No. This time of year ~ it’s hotter than the ’
dialog: hinges of hell. We got stars, though. ©
scene_heading: INT. JESSIE’S HOME/SAMSON’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Drew watches from the darkened doorway, as Jessie slaps pajamas on a groggy Samson. «
speaker_heading: DREW . :
dialog: He’s an exciting kid. . : TR
speaker_heading: , JESSIE ,
dialog: It’s the only thing he inherited from Cheryl.
dialog: The volume. .
dialog: (to Samson)
dialog: Do you love me? Come on, I carried you half
dialog: a mile... do you love me?
speaker_heading: SAMSON
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: 2 *
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Thick and thin?
speaker_heading: SAMSON
dialog: Thick and thin. :
speaker_heading: JESSIE .
dialog: Tm surprised Aunt Hollie didn’t make it. ,
dialog: cee
text: She’s pretty broken up. She sends her love
dialog: to everybody, though.
text: Jessie nods, he knows the subtext.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: I don’t blame her. Around here, their favorite thing
dialog: in the world is to get offended by something small,
dialog: and hold onto it for fifty years.
text: 2 Drew smiles at his outspoken cousin, and nods as in — better get to bed.
dialog: 46
dialog: 
dialog: al
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: But then, you and your dad were close.
text: As Drew watches Jessie slaps pajamas on the sleepy kid:
speaker_heading: ' DREW
dialog: Oh very close. I knew him very, very well. He was my
dialog: Dad! We were actually going to... drive here together...
dialog: this year... and it became next year... and no, I knew him
dialog: very well. Very, very well. .
text: And it’s obvious in the extra beat we stay on Drew that he didn’t know his father well af all.
scene_heading: INT. MUSIC/GUEST ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jessie shows Drew the guest room, which also functions as an “office.” Shelves of toys and knick-
text: knacks share space with band equipment, broken boom boxes, concert tickets, a concert poster on
text: the wall. And a lonely-looking futon.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (tired) : '
dialog: This will be perfect. I love it. I can sleep anywhere.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: You in my house, man. This is great. The
dialog: circumstances are noi great. But we are cousins,
dialog: brother. Brother, we are cousins. That was my band.
text: Jessie points out the poster, as he pulls out pillows and clears kid toys from the floor. (Jessie is :
text: clearly a big kid with toys, trying to raise a smaller kid with toys.)
speaker_heading: ON POSTER
text: it reads: Winchester Summerfest, featuring Lynyrd Skynyrd.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: This is the show we opened for Lynyrd Skynyrd. .
dialog: Two of the original members!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Coal —
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Well, we almost opened for ‘em. It’s really a long
dialog: 
dialog: r
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: C
dialog: story. We never played, and we never played since.
text: Drew sees the long list of performing bands listed on the poster, squints and finds the tiny letters at ‘ i
text: the bottom of the bill... Ruckus. We start to hear a sleepy whine in the next room. Samson stirs.
dialog: ‘ DREW |. . '
dialog: Rackus?
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Ruckus.
text: Jessie nods proudly and quietly, as Drew looks over some memorabilia from the failed band.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: And now you fix computers. '
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: I’ve taken the year off for hard thought... tough thinking.
dialog: Something big has happened...“ér is happen-ning, and I
dialog: want to be the guy who puts his finger on it. Creatively.
text: He laughs to himself. Drew laughs a little too, studies the poster. Behind him, Jessie sings
text: spontaneously, acapella, a verse from his own composition, “Same In Any Language.” Drew
text: listens uncomfortably, unsure how to respond or where to look af Jessie sings: .
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: “Those postcards I sent from Birmingham
text: All the way from the windows of Amsterdam.
text: Copped a gram from Dapper Sam
text: Just a four-letter man in another jam... “4
dialog: Oh yeah... “
text: Next door, Samson fully wakes and erupts into a sustained howl. Jessie discounts the noise like -
text: the seasoned father of aloud child. Drew takes a breath, politely nods, and looks around the
text: room, imagining the next seven hours or so. The child is loud. We hear a quiet knocking along:
dialog: the wall.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Hello?
text: A young woman peeks around the comer holding keys. She has long straight hair with just a sliver
text: of her face visible. She wears a Bartell’s drug store uniform, with a dark coat over it. She is
dialog: DEBBIE, 30ish.
dialog: 
dialog: ©)
dialog: C)
speaker_heading: QC)
dialog: * 49
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: (whispers) \
dialog: Debbie! .
speaker_heading: . DEBBIE
dialog: ' (shy, whispering)
dialog: Hey J.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hi.
text: Jessie nods and winks at Drew as in - you're on your own, my date is here.
scene_heading: INT. MUSIC/GUEST ROOM — LATER NIGHT
text: Window pane shadows slash the darkened room. A fluttering almost-human form moves across
text: the room. (It’s the front porch flag’s shadow.) Drew hears a low scratching noise. It’s an old
text: leafless tree that scrapes across the window in the wind. The branch scrapes again. Drew
dialog: imagines:
speaker_heading: HOLLIE’S VOICE
dialog: “His spirit is still hovering... looking for a place
dialog: to land... “
text: Another other-worldly sound now catches his attention. It’s just next door. Now the leafless tree
text: branch scrapes again. The other-worldly whine grows louder, from behind the wall. We begin to
text: realize that it’s actually Debbie. And now we hear Jessie’s sounds of pleasure. The wind kicks
text: up, and the tree branch scrapes insistently. Drew now hears a mournful banshee wail. It’s
text: Samson, howling from the next room. Getting louder. For a few long moments, all are in
text: syncopation. Drew rises on an elbow.
scene_heading: FRONT DESK VOICE von
dialog: Welcome to the Hyatt Lexington... vee
scene_heading: INT. HYATT LEXINGTON - NIGHT
text: Drew with bag, backpack with Praying Hands peeking out, and food containers at the front desk.
text: A wedding party has taken over much of the hotel. Balloons and banners read: Chuck and Cindy
text: Hasboro!! Lovin’ Life!! Lovin’ Each Other 24-7!! Chuck and Cindy are featured in sunglasses,
text: posed together. Clearly it’s their favorite photo - it’s everywhere. Drew is so tired it all looks
text: pleasingly surreal. Before him is a super-professional young Souther DESK GIRL
text: (CHARLOTTE), 20. And she is memorable for this trait. She types at her computer, sending
text: information to a database that only she sees. She types dutifully and steadily from the first moment
dialog: we meet her. And she never stops
speaker_heading: W
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: ... how long will you be with us?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Two nights.
text: Her typing speeds up a beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Are you with the Hasboro Wedding? Chuck and Cindy?
text: She’s typing, and he hasn’t even answered yet.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: No. I’m leaving on Friday.
text: She nods with a private look of relief. Her typing modulates slightly.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Are you a member of any major Travel program?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: T have a coupon.
text: It’s still in his pocket. Drew shows her the coupon. Charlotte’s typing becomes suddenly slow
text: and suspicious, as she looks at it. .
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I haven’t seen that coupon before.
speaker_heading: DREW oan
dialog: Just give me the best room you have. Put it o
dialog: my credit card
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: That'll be 325 a night — wedding rate.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Put it on my company card. Let it rip.
text: She types happily, at full speed
dialog: Sl
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL HALLWAY — NIGHT
text: Drew moves down the hotel hallway, key card in band; weighed down with the cargo of food
text: contaifiers and mementos. The doors to many of the rooms are flung open. Televisions are on.
text: The entire hotel seems to be filled with wedding guests. There’s a 20ish couple at the end of the
text: hallway. They part, as friends take them each in different directions. She is bride-to-be CINDY, °
text: an athletic blonde with shiny long hair pulled tightly back, looking over her shoulder at groom-to-
text: be, CHUCK HASBORO. Chuck’s a sinewy, short-haired extreme sports addict. Chuck’s had
text: some drinks. He calls out to others: ,
speaker_heading: CHUCK .
dialog: Don’t change the schedule or Cindy’ll freak out!
text: He tums to see Drew, standing at the door to the next room.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (simple realization)
dialog: 1 am the luckiest guy in the world.
text: It’s the plain beauty of a time-worn phrase, said with real feeling. Chuck shuts the door, leaving
text: Drew oddly happy for this stranger. Suddenly and powerfully, he's never felt lonelier.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Drew is on his cell-phone, sitting on the sofa in t-shirt and shorts and socks. His legs are kicked
text: up on the coffee table. Complimentary toothbrush-and-mouthwash packages stand like pillars on
text: the table before him. (We still hear party noise in the hallway.) Drew is seized by a ‘sudden need
text: for human contact. He’s making calls on his cell-phone. He looks jagged and exhausted.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Heather. Pick up, sis. I’m exhausted. I’m at the
dialog: Hexington... the Lexington Hyatt. Call me on the cell.
dialog: Okay, 1 saw Jessie and Uncle Dale and... I have seen Dad.
text: He’s fine... well, he’s not fine, it’s, uhm... we're going to
dialog: need a decision soon about the whole, you know the burial
dialog: thing... call me on the cell, I’m about to go te bed.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER
text: Drew on the phone.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey Mom. Are you there? I'm here at the
dialog: Lexington Hyatt. Are you with Heather? Hello?
dialog: 
scene_heading: JNT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - THIRTY SECONDS LATER
text: Drew on the phone.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Ellen! Hey it’s Drew. Are you there?
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Drew stares at the phone, and gestures to it like a dinner-theater magician.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Call me back... somebody call me back.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ON TELEVISION
dialog: 52
text: Drew absently switches channels. Four straight channels feature four straight gunplay murders.
text: He settles on a music channel, a rock band’s innocuous video of their upbeat song... but suddenly
text: the singer bas a gun and his “‘story” soon features him pointing the weapon directly at the camera.
text: Drew shuts off the television.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - ONE MINUTE LATER
text: Drew on the phone. It’s messy, and he longs to hang up two seconds into leaving this message.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Claire Colbum. Yeah, it’s Drew Baylor... and 1
dialog: wanted to... thank you for the directions. You’re ©
dialog: not around. You don't have to call me back. I’m
dialog: going to sleep right now. Long day. Thank you for
dialog: the coupon. It didn’t really work.
dialog: (almost hangs up)
dialog: But don’t feel bad. Everything’s fine. Goodnight.
dialog: It’s all good. What am I saying? I don’t even
dialog: say “it’s all good.” Uh... goodnight.
text: Drew hangs up. Silence lasts one second The phone rings.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 
scene_heading: ~ INT. HEATHER’S APARTMENT — NIGHT
text: Heather’s on the phone. A flurry of cooking activity in the background.
speaker_heading: ' HEATHER
dialog: Drew, you've got to come home. Mom has decided
dialog: she wants to learn to cook...
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Oh no. I’ll be home soon.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Have you cried yet? ‘
speaker_heading: DREW |
dialog: (ying)
text: A litle.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Same here, When it happens, it’s going to be for days.
dialog: She’s out of control, Drew. You've got to come home.
text: There is a cal)-waiting chime on the phone.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: | Wait a second. I'll be right back.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Please come home.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Just... hold on.
text: He clicks the next-call button.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hello...
scene_heading: INT, MEMPHIS AIRPORT HALLWAY - LATE NIGHT
text: Claire is absolutely delighted, as she talks while striding through 2 late-night Memphis Airport. As
text: » is her style, she begins in mid-conversation.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: * CLAIRE
dialog: ~so here’s what’s unique and somewhat iconic
dialog: about the Memphis Airport... by the way, great
dialog: to hear from you... I didn’t expect for you to call...
dialog: then again, i did leave a few thousand uumbers.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s Claire.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Claire, can 1 call you right back?
speaker_heading: / CLAIRE
text: Til hold.
speaker_heading: DREW |
dialog: Okay.
text: He clicks the next-call line.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: a Hello?
scene_heading: INT. HEATHER’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Heather on the phone.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
text: Lasagna. She’s making broccoli lasagna.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Lasagna? Oh God. No. You don’t have to »
dialog: eat it, do you?
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Please come home.
speaker_heading: ON HOLLIE
dialog: cooking.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: » I want to leam to cook, and I want to learn to
dialog: laugh, and 1 want to tap dance. T’ve always
dialog: wanted to tap dance.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HEATHER ~ ,
dialog: (sotto, into phone) * .
dialog: She says she wants to learn to cook, she wants to 7
dialog: learn to laugh, and she’s always wanted to tap dance.” .
dialog: (starting to cry) 7
text: She won’t stop moving. She’s in constant motion.
speaker_heading: : DREW
dialog: Don’t cry, she’ll be okay.
speaker_heading: HEATHER ,
text: I’m crying for myself. I have her for two more days.
dialog: T haven’t been alone for a second'to just —
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Heather...we need a decision here. What's your opinion
dialog: on the whole burial issue? ‘Because there’s a lot of people
dialog: here with big opinions -- and there’s a problem with the
dialog: Blue Suit that / can’t put my finger on!
text: 2 The line chimes. Another call is coming in.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Wait wait wait. Hold ona second. Let me get
dialog: off these other calls.
text: He clicks the next-call button.
speaker_heading: DREW Oe
dialog: Hello? ce ,
scene_heading: INT. ELLEN’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: It’s Ellen on the phone. She’s stiff, a little nervous. She’s dressed up, on her way out.
speaker_heading: ELLEN ,
dialog: Drew, it’s Ellen. You cailed me.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (electrified, loopy) -
dialog: Ellen! Thank you for calling me back! So much is
dialog: é going on I called you about that silly goodbye.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 
dialog: 56
dialog: Could you hold on for just a second? I’m so happy
dialog: you called. I’m just ~
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Yeah, but I’m going out to dinner. . ol %
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Just one second. | really need to talk with you.
dialog: Don’t go.
text: He clicks the next-call line. ‘
speaker_heading: DREW :
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT SHUTTLE - NIGHT
text: Claire on the phone, patiently picking up right where she left off, full-steam ahead.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: ... 80 here's what's great about the Memphis airport...
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Claire, hold on.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Listen, on second thought, I just wanted to thank you
dialog: and everything. Really, just wanted to call you and thank
dialog: you. Goodbye, thank you and... you know, take care.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (immediately)
dialog: Tl hold.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (immediately)
dialog: Okay.
text: He clicks the pext-call line.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (breath)
dialog: Hellot
dialog: 
dialog: a
scene_heading: INT. HEATHER’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Heather on the phone.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Cremated. Don’t you agree?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Heather, they really love him here. They’re not
text: buying cremation. They don’t even acknowledge
dialog: the word. They have a family burial plot that, goes
dialog: back hundreds of years. It’s almost like some
dialog: mystic joké, me being here trying to... whatever,
dialog: listen - we have to talk about this. But T need to
dialog: call you back.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Is there anything more important than the
dialog: conversation we’re having?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I will call you right back.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Okay. Just dial he// and 'll answer!
speaker_heading: / DREW
dialog: T’ll cail you right back.
speaker_heading: HEATHER ‘
dialog: Just tell me it’s going to be fine. You don’t
dialog: even have to mean it.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: It’s going to be fine. 1 will call you right back.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: I miss dad.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Was he a fun guy?
dialog: r)
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _ HEATHER
dialog: Of course he was a fun guy! Especially in the ‘
dialog: last few years when you got so busy -- rok
dialog: , DREW ;
dialog: T'll call you-right back. , .
text: He clicks the next-call line.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. ELLEN’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Ellen is standing up, ready to go, but now slightly irritated. She’s opening up some gum.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: How was it a silly goodbye?
speaker_heading: DREW , .
dialog: Ellen. Look, ] know you’re late for dinner -- . ,
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Tam late.
speaker_heading: DREW
speaker_heading: Ym in Kentucky —
text: She shakes off her impatience with him, sets down her bag.
speaker_heading: ELLEN ieeewt!
dialog: (ust says it, with love) -
dialog: Tt was real and it was great... and it was really great.
text: Drew says nothing.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (then briskly)
dialog: Call me anytime. Okay.... goodbye.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Goodbye?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Goodbye. Just goodbye. It’s not goad bye.
dialog: It’s, you know... “good bye.” . Take care.
speaker_heading: ' DREW : ~
dialog: Okay, goodbye. . .
speaker_heading: ELLEN ,
dialog: (simple, final)
dialog: Goodbye.
text: As he suspected, it is indeed the sound of a true and final goodbye. The power of it startles him.
speaker_heading: DREW ‘
dialog: Goodbye?
text: She hangs up, and Drew looks at the cell-phone in his band for a jong beat. He clicks the next-call
dialog: button. Resigned, with polite obligation: .
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S CAR - DRIVING - NIGHT
text: Claire on the phone.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: So did I win the phone lottery?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (breath)
dialog: Teli me about the Memphis airport. peg
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Ym over it. I’m actually almost home now.
dialog: Were the roads as hellish as \ told you?
text: He finally says the words for the first time. It’s freeing, and the freedom surprises him.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Claire. My dad’s dead
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I know
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You. knew.
speaker_heading: ‘ CLAIRE
dialog: I don’t know a lot about everything, but I do
dialog: imow a lot about the part of everything that
dialog: T know, which is — people.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: And I thought I was so mysterious...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Trust me. Everybody is less mysterious than
dialog: they think they are. 1
text: He sits back in his chair. Finally, a real conversation.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TQ;
scene_heading: EXT. HYATT HOTEL - LATER NIGHT
text: The smallish high-rise gleams in the dark. A light in the window. We see Drew pacing ata
text: distance. It feels good to unburden, even if it is to a stranger.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: _.. and they all know me, and I don’t know any of
dialog: them, and I’d never seen a dead body before
text: they were waiting to see that body like it was
dialog: rock concert —
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S APARTMENT - LATER NIGHT
dialog: : . _f
text: Claire’s dressed in t-shirt and sweat pants, as she pops two White Castle burger squares into a
text: microwave. She takes out the garbage as she talks, juggting the phone with one hand.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: _.. well, that’s a crime... to have never taken a
dialog: solitary road-trip across country... everybody's
dialog: gotta take a road trip at least once in their life.
dialog: Just you and some music? Seriously, you've
dialog: never... I’ve done it four times...
dialog: 60
dialog: 
dialog: \. ‘ 61
scene_heading: ..__ INT. DREW'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Drew is changing shirts, juggling the phone with one hand as he speaks. Finds himself talking ‘
speaker_heading: , DREW -
dialog: ... h no, you have no idea of the sheer volume of
dialog: my cousin’s kid when he cries... he’s three... his © . -
dialog: name is Samson and he is the loudest person I’ve ‘
dialog: ever met. He is the Loudest Kid in the World.
text: Plus, he also drives. He took a 99 Buick out for a
dialog: spin tonight...
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S APARTMENT - LATER NIGHT
text: A few minutes later, the mood has changed. Claire switches CDs from a collection she keeps in a
dialog: travel bag.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I think there is a greater spirit, definitely...
dialog: but organized religion is just a narrow
dialog: ~ ) definition of a belief system...
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL BATHROOM - LATER NIGHT
text: Drew pees quietly against the side of the bowl to hide the sound from Claire.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: .. well, there is comfort in ritual. And the *
dialog: ritual can be spiritual in itself. But 1 agree,
dialog: what’s left behind, finally, ate the impressions
dialog: you made on people.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S APARTMENT - LATER NIGHT
text: She empties the freezer of obsolete food, and fills another garbage bag, as she empties kitty litter.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE :
dialog: No, see more important is to know where to go.
dialog: You haven’t traveled at all, have you?
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL BATHROOM - LATER NIGHT
text: y Drew flushes and high-tails it to the next room to hide the flusbing sound.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I'm not peeing. You'd know if | was peeing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. CLAIRE'S APARTMENT -LATER NIGHT - -
text: She’s in the hallway, sitting, in a long shot, painting to¢ nails with her foot on the doorway,
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ‘
dialog: No, I don’t have an accent. You have an accent.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S LIVING ROOM - LATER NIGHT
text: Drew paces. ‘ .
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ... Ljust recently decided that things really are...
dialog: black and white. I can’t believe I’m telling
dialog: this to somebody... particularly a stranger.
dialog: Which I know you aren’t, but -
dialog: ON CLAIRE . . °
text: on her back, kicking her legs to dry her toes. Then she stops.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE £
dialog: .. yeah, she was an alcoholic, and so we ai] became
dialog: “helpers,” which I still can’t help. 1 can’t help helping...
speaker_heading: ON DREW
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: _. he was a Captain in Vietnam and they met towards
dialog: the end of the war... he was literally on his way home...
dialog: they met in an elevator...
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE BATHROOM ~ NIGHT
text: Claire in the bathroom.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: _ and I can usually see all points of view and that’s my
dialog: problem. ] can’t give a yes or no answer that quickly.
dialog: 
dialog: I can actually see all sides of any problem. | can’t ever
dialog: answer yes or no. I spend so much time thinking about
dialog: all the answers to the problem... that I forget what the
dialog: problém actually was. I can actually agree with every
dialog: point of view... so yes. But 1 also see the other side.
dialog: So yes. But maybe no...
text: She flushes and moves quickly down the hall, to hide the sound. ‘
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: What were you doing when you heard about Mitch? .
dialog: You know what ~ you don’t have to talk about it.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S LIVING ROOM ~ LATER NIGHT
text: Drew in the hotel room in shorts. He plugs in the charger for the phone. This call is running a
dialog: little longer than he anticipated.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ... Okay, the shoe business. If you’re smart, you'll
dialog: just wear shoes and never ask any questions. Just
dialog: enjoy your shoes and don’t think about where
dialog: they came from. It’s like hot dogs.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S BEDROOM/BATHROOM - LATER NIGHT
text: Claire puts on pajama bottoms, brushing her teeth and cradling the phone by her neck.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: And then Ben said... hold on...
text: She moves into the bathroom. She spits, covering the phone against her chin.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S BATHROOM - LATER NIGHT
text: Drew finishes washing some socks.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Okay. Okay. ll drive back home. At least
dialog: part of the way. / will take a road trip. | was
dialog: actually going to go with Mitch next year... why
dialog: am I calling him “Mitch?”
dialog: 63
dialog: 
dialog: ?
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S BEDROOM — NIGHT
text: Claire packs clothes in a super-efficient manner. .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: ... and you know what Ben says, “just be authentic.”
dialog: That’s the only decent advice in the world. But that’s Ben.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S BED -- NIGHT
text: He listens. It feels like truths are being told, late at night.
speaker_heading: DREW ‘
dialog: T'll let you go to sleep. ‘
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Claire yawns.
speaker_heading: . CLAIRE»
dialog: Yeah... okay... fim talking to you.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Drew shuts off the light.
speaker_heading: DREW .
dialog: _. at you... with you. Don’t forget about what
dialog: 1 said about sticking to a single point of view.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: She shuts off the light.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yeah you too.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: In darkness.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Shit. I forgot to call my sister.
dialog: 64
dialog: 
scene_heading: “INT. CLAIRE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: In darkness.
dialog: ' (beat), | ,
dialog: Do you have a mini-bar in your room? You .
dialog: want to have a beer over the phone?
text: Her light switches on.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: His light switches on. Drew looks at the empty mini-bar, makes a disappointed sound. «
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Empty... wait...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL HALLWAY - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER
text: Drew enters frame and moves down the hotel hallway in shorts, t-shirt and hotel robe, still holding
text: cell-phone. He is loopy, and beyond tired. He sees more jJaminated Chuck and Cindy posters,
text: festooned with balloons.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Chuck... Cindy... Cindy... Chuck...
text: The hallway is mostly empty. We hear distant music. The Chuck and Cindy wedding party is
text: raging elsewhere. Drew feels stupidly alive, with no one watching, as he grooves slightly and
text: shuffles into the back bathroom of an empty party room in search of beer. He finds a bathtub filled
text: with ice and many floating bottles. oo
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Aha! Nectar from Olympus! Unguarded! Ha ha!
dialog: (mock secrecy) .
dialog: 1'm currently stealing Chuck and Cindy’s wedding beer.
text: Drew pilfers a couple bottles, one for each pocket, and rises tc see Chuck Hasboro himself, also in
text: arobe. Chuck looks deeply drunk, deeply happy.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You're a friend of Chucks, right?
dialog: 
dialog: fe
speaker_heading: LD
dialog: 1 66
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Yes—
speaker_heading: CHUCK -
dialog: No, you’re not. I’m Chuck.
speaker_heading: DREW |
dialog: Chuck! Of “Chuck and Cindy?” It is you. .
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (warily) :
dialog: Chuck Hasboro.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (into phone).
dialog: It’s Chuck. I told you about Chuck. I’m talking
dialog: to Chuck... .
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Drew Baylor. Your neighbor.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Are you here for my wedding?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHUCK -
dialog: Business?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (breath, simple truth)
dialog: My dad died, and I’m here for his funeral.
text: Suddenly, Chuck stops. He is taken with the utter honesty of it all.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Oh man —
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: No. Please... it’s alright... it’s not alright, but —
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Nol It’s not alright. I'm—Y'm sorry. Tcan’t- .
dialog: that’s hard —
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Ttishard. «
dialog: i : ‘
speaker_heading: CHUCK ,
dialog: Aw, shit ~ Y
text: Chuck begins to cry. ‘
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: — Death and life and death and life. Right next . ‘oly
dialog: door to each other... once you start seeing the .
dialog: Big Fucking Picture, you cannot go backwards.
speaker_heading: DREW Te
dialog: No, that’s... that’s good advice.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: This is Big Fucking Picture.
dialog: (crying, on the beer)
dialog: Take it all. Drink drink. Enjoy brother.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Thanks, I'll take two... é
text: Chuck gives him three, and grabs a few for his own pockets, plus more. impulsively, he hugs;
text: Drew. Their robes clank loudly with beer — a human toast. : :
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We're here for the next three days, if there’s
dialog: anything 1 can do for you.
dialog: (reaches for the phone)
dialog: Chuck Hasboro. If there’s anything I can do for
dialog: you guys. Okay?
text: Chuck hands the phone back to Drew, still emotional, and jugs Drew again. An even louder,
text: more satisfying human toast. Cbuck sighs heavily, as Drew heads down the hallway.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: We're making friends like crazy. Where do we go now?
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ‘EXT. CLAIRE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Claire on the phone on the’porch, with a bottle of beer, her legs drawn up to her chest.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: “]t was real and it was great and it was really
dialog: great?” I hate her}!
scene_heading: EXT. DREW’S BALCONY - NIGHT
text: Drew on the balcony with a beer, attempting to stick up for Ellen.
speaker_heading: . DREW
dialog: 1 actually thought it was - you know...
dialog: (clinging to belief)
dialog: . sort of a compliment at the time.
text: He listens to her laughing.
speaker_heading: DREW _
dialog: T'll let you go to sleep. : .
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S APARTMENT - LATE NIGHT
text: Claire now doing late-night laundry in a tiny stacked washer-dryer.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: No — that’s so funny it makes me cry.
dialog: (beat) ~
dialog: But no. I cry at the drop of a hat. Asa matter of
dialog: fact, I cry at the har. 1 cry at the weather that creates
dialog: the need for the hat. ’macrier. I'll let you go.. -
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM — NIGHT
text: Drew in his room, thoughtful.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Yeah, it’s late. I gotta get up early too.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S APARTMENT — LATE NIGHT
text: She draws her legs closer.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (grows very direct)
dialog: But they say it will hit you. It could be ten minutes
dialog: or it could be ten years from now. So it’s good
dialog: that you talk about it. Or don "t talk about it. Well,
dialog: we have talked about it. But, that’s what they say.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM — NIGHT
text: Drew laughs, as he lays out wallet and keys on a table near the door for the next day.
speaker_heading: : DREW
dialog: That’s what they say, buh? '
speaker_heading: CLAIRE '
dialog: Yes. That’s what they say.
speaker_heading: DREW ¢
dialog: (beat)
dialog: T’ve always wondered this. Who are “they?”
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. BATHTUB ~ NIGHT
text: Claire in the bathtub, protecting toenails.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE’
dialog: You know ~ Them.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: “Them?”
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes, the inimitable collective “Them.”
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: And who says we’re supposed to listen to “Them?”
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They do.
dialog: 69
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Doesn’t your ear burt?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes, and I have to get up in two hours and be
dialog: charming.’ ]’m going to Hawaii ~
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You'll get there and have fun.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Til get there and sleep. It’s just a little vacation
dialog: J traded routes for... Pil let you go.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW’S PORCH - LATE NIGHT
text: Drew on the porch. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Wait. Ubm. When will you be back?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Claire in bed. Only a small night-light is on.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE.
dialog: Yeah, I’m/just wondering if this whole ching i is better
dialog: onthe phone. You're so much better on the phone.
dialog: Maybe we should never face each other again.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Drew in bed. Television flickering. Tired but truthful:
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: J enjoyed this
text: He shuts the television off. Total darkness.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT
dialog: * Total darkness.
dialog: 70
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hey. You're only forty-five minutes away. Pll meet
dialog: you halfway if you want to see the sun rise. At'this
dialog: point, it’s probably easier to stay up.
text: Drew turns the light back on. ' :
speaker_heading: DREW .
dialog: You think so? .
text: Claire turns the light back on. .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ‘
dialog: J think that’s what “They” say.
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: INT, DREW’S RENTAL CAR — TRAVELING - LATE NIGHT
text: Drew on the phone in the car.
speaker_heading: DREW :
dialog: I see your headlights. I see your red hat."
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S CAR - LATE NIGHT
text: Claire drives in a red wool hat. .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: There you are. .
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - LATE NIGHT
text: Drew pulls over. He feels like he’s part of a sudden early-morning fishing trip.
scene_heading: EXT. KENTUCKY HIGHWAY - EARLIEST MORNING
text: The first glints of daylight are in the sky, as they get out of their cars. Both look rumpled in long,
text: coats as they walk towards each other. They size each other up, anticipation in the air, still talking
text: on cell-phones even though they are only six feet away from each other.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hello! -
speaker_heading: : 2 ‘ DREW
dialog: Hey.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Okay - . .
speaker_heading: DREW |
dialog: Alright then. Should we hang up now? my
speaker_heading: CLAIRE sO
dialog: Okay. Goodbye.
text: DREW . .
dialog: Goodbye. . - .
text: They both hang up. It’s a little exciting: - soe
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: So hi.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey.
text: ‘They stand together in the morning light. And then it bits them, As still virtual strangers, it’s:
text: surprisingly uncomfortable knowing so much about each other.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Follow me — oe
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - EARLIEST MORNING
text: He follows her, slipping a little, moving down the hillside.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE VISTA - EARLIEST MORNING =”
text: Drew and Claire sit together on a hillside rock, watching the sun come up. They look over an
text: expanse of rolling Kentucky land, dotted with ramshackle cow pastures. There is the sound of
text: distant early morning garbage trucks, bottles crashing on bottles. Cicadas start up for the new day.
text: There’s not much to say that they haven’t said already. The threat of a kiss is in the air. Romantic
text: pressure abounds. Birds are chirping a little too loudly. .
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (obligated)
dialog: Beautiful.
text: He glances around, It’s a touch awkward.
dialog: 
dialog: rf
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (blurts)
dialog: We peaked on the phone.
speaker_heading: ; DREW |
dialog: 1 (immediately)
dialog: Yeah, 1-T’ma little tired. -
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Metoo. Wow. Okay. Let me guide you back to
dialog: the hotel so you don’t get lost.
scene_heading: ON TAIL LIGHTS
text: Her car in front of his, Claire leads him back to the hotel. Theme music.
text: ON PASSING WINDOWS OF ELIZABETHTOWN
text: The same main street now empty, with a few lights still on. He tums and sees..
scene_heading: THE BLUE BICYCLE >
text: parked outside a fence, goggles hanging from the handlebars.
speaker_heading: ON INTERSECTION
text: They arrive at the imersection where the Hyatt is just ahead.
speaker_heading: LAST IMAGE
text: It’s a crystal, crisp morning. Now it’s cold. Claire powers down the passenger car door window
text: and leans way over to say goodbye to him. She slows down as she passes. It’s the perfect image
dialog: for a connoisseur of last looks.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Aloha!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Aloha.
text: Drew shakes off the pleasant feeling, and returns to his life
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: EXT. MOM’S HOME - EARLY MORNING
text: Hollie stands in her driveway.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: You will not defeat me. ‘
text: She is speaking to her car, a two-door Volvo.
speaker_heading: ON MOTOR
dialog: gleaming and forbidding, '
speaker_heading: ON HOLLIE
text: peering inside, with manual. She knocks the metal stand propping up the hood, and it closes on
text: her harshly and heavily. .
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT - HOLLIE TRAPPED BY THE HOOD . -
text: Struggling, like a fish caught in the jaws of a shark. Heather appears and screams, as we hear
text: Hollie’s voice.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: I’m okay... I'm okay...
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETHTOWN FUNERAL HOME — MORNING
text: Drew stands over the coffin with Charles Dean, looking disatisfied_
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
text: The Blue Suit cleshed with the lining of the coffin.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: 1 don’t think he would complain. .
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
text: Vd have to ordes another casket from Lexington.
dialog: Something that might work with the family of blue.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Which is another $1700.
dialog: 
dialog: i
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (less sure)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN :
dialog: We could have it ready for the Memorial.
speaker_heading: DREW: .
dialog: I thought yesterday was the Memorial.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: No — the Memorial is for everybody to get together
dialog: and celebrate your father.
speaker_heading: DREW :
dialog: Didn’t we do that yesterday? - ‘
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: That was the Viewing. The Memorial is this Saturday.
dialog: And many people are coming. ~
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: When is the Funeral?
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: A week from this Sunday.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: Mr. Dean. With all great and due and wonderful
dialog: respect... everything has to be finished by this
dialog: Sunday. Y'll stay an extra day, but 0 longer.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: Just tell me we can mule out... the other option.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL FIELD ~- DAY
text: Drew is on the phone, standing in the middle of the school football field. As he talks, Charles
dialog: "75
text: Dean and Uncle Dale and Bill Banyon stand at the door the gymnasium, waving to Drew to follow
text: them. Drew raises a hand ~1ll just be another minute.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DREW /
dialog: Mom. Are you absolutely certain those were
dialog: his wishes?
scene_heading: EXT. OREGON DANCE STUDIO - DAY
dialog: ' :
text: Hollie Baylor is a tight portrait of anxiety gone haywire. She now wears dance attire. Heather . '
text: stands nearby, hugging herself to stay sane. . :
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Honey, I don’t know when I’m going to crash,
dialog: but as of right now — . . .
dialog: (indicating beleaguered Heather)
dialog: — we're learning about the car, I’m learning
dialog: organic cooking, I’m going to tap dance and
dialog: Jater today, 1’m going to fix the toilet. Itis
text: five minutes at a time. .
text: Heather is at near exhaustion levels, trying to keep up. She shouts softly in the background.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Please come home, Drew!’
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Mom, | think you need to slow down.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: ‘And do what -- cry? Everybody says to take anti-
dialog: depressants. Hey. I’m out here making things happen.
dialog: All forward motion counts.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: (yearning)
dialog: Please take anti-depressants, mother. Or better
dialog: yet — give them to me.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: ‘When are you coming home?
speaker_heading: DREW
text: There’s a Memorial at his high school gymnasium
dialog: this Sunday --
dialog: 
dialog: tr
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: QO
dialog: »
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: (suddenly suspicious)
dialog: Who’s there planning all of this?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Uncle Dale and Bill Banyon. my o
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Bill Banyon is there? BILL BANYON?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: HOLLIE ‘
dialog: He’s a... he’s a... con man. Bill Banyon still owes your
dialog: father twelve thousand dollars. The cheapest man in the
dialog: world! Seventeen years ago he did something 7 will never
dialog: tell you about but it almost ruined this family to it’s very core.
dialog: The price of admission is very steep'on this guy! And he
dialog: wears orange —
text: She’s just getting started on this subject, but Drew must cut her off.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Mother, listen, focus ~ !
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Bill BANYON? . ~
speaker_heading: : DREW.
dialog: Last time I'll ask —
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: I know it’s all very charming, with the pickled
text: things in jars, and the Southem charm, and the
text: hams that hang in the garage until they’re
dialog: so moldy you can grow penicillin on them but —
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ~ are you sure about the cremation? Because this decision,
dialog: you know... it’s gonna stick around for a while.
text: A silent moment passes.
dialog: 77
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOLLIE ‘
dialog: If Bill Banyon is there — definitely cremation!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Okay. I’ve gotta go.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: And you can tell Bill Banyon I’m coming. .
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - AFTERNOON
text: Drew joins the others, holding Ale-8s in the gymnasium. The men are sizing up the possible .
text: location of the Memorial. Drew claps his hands, as in here’s the tough news, fellas,
speaker_heading: DREW,
dialog: Gentlemen — it’s cremation. And my mother’s coming.
text: Bill Banyon nods resolutely. Storm clouds sweep across his face. Charles Dean clutches ‘nis heart.
text: The men exchange looks.
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN ©
dialog: Idon’t do cremations. You’re going to have
dialog: to go to Louisville.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (mispronouncing)
dialog: T'll go to Louie-ville.
scene_heading: INT. HYATT LOBBY ~ DAY
text: Drew is walking through the lobby, past Chuck and Cindy posters, tired and holding map and
dialog: crematory documentation. To himself:
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Louie-vull.... Loua... ville...
text: His cell-phone rings. He answers as he walks.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE’S VOICE
dialog: Alcha! ] talked to my friend Kendra, who hada
text: . girlfriend with a kid who is exceedingly loud like Samson.
speaker_heading: HM
dialog: 
text: “Drew is a bit weary, and not up to her energy level.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Oh, hi, Aloha.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE’S VOICE
dialog: — and she has given me a video-tape that works
dialog: absolute miracles. We've got to get it to Samson!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (tired) :
dialog: Hey thanks Claire.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE’S VOICE
dialog: What — you’re already tired of me?
speaker_heading: DREW .
dialog: I just haven’t slept. I’m sorry... How’s Hawaii?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE’S VOICE
dialog: Well, I’m checking out this.cute guy.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (annoyed, tired)
dialog: Why are you telling me that?
text: ON CLAIRE IN THE SAME LOBBY
text: walking twenty steps behind him, like a spy. She takes a : pin and sticks it in one of Chuck and
text: Cindy’s wedding balloons, attached to the laminated poster of the couple. It pops loudly.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: who tums and looks.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: empty. But he has an odd feeling she’s nearby.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Where are you?
text: Her hands slip over his eyes, she spins him around.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: How could I leave you in distress? I’m taking ,
dialog: you out. . . .
dialog: f
text: Music begins, the perfect song that might pop up somewhere on a great date and forever become a
text: souvenir of the occasion, except we are in the incongruous setting of...
scene_heading: INT HADLEY CREMATORY (LOUISVILLE) - DAY .
text: Arow of Ums. Ali different sizes and shapes. Moving shots of Drew and Claire examining all the
text: different possibilities. A YOUNG WORKER looks on appreciatively, not used to someone as
text: colorful and lively as Claire in this world that is very much about the opposite. As music
text: continues, she turns this potentially lugubrious task into an explosion of life. Each looking at
text: opposite walls of choices, Drew and Claire back into each other unintentionally — it’s their first
text: physical contact. They separate. The Young Worker tums his attention to an older couple who
text: enter. Behind his back, Claire playfully flings one of the urns across the room to Drew, laughing.
text: When the grieving older couple tum to look at Claire, she’s already serious and respectfully
text: monochromatic. Drew and the Young Worker share alock. The Young worker’s expression is
dialog: this — why you and not me? a °
text: Now Claire explores a row of oil paintings of benefactors, imitating each of their expressions, even
text: a famous Kentucky racehorse. Claire finds a small flag, and eventually she and Drew arrive from
text: different directions in front of one very idiosyncratic Purple Urn. She grabs it, and poses Drew on
text: a viewing bench with the Um and the flag. She takes an imaginary snapshot. Drew hands the Urn
text: to the Young Worker. The selection has been made. And somehow, surprisingly, Drew shares a,
text: look with her that could only be described as disbelief — he’s actually just had fun.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WORKER:
dialog: Just need your signature there... and you can
dialog: pick this up tomorrow after the procedure. LO °
scene_heading: EXT. HADLEY CREMATORY (LOUISVILLE) - LATER DAY
text: Drew and Claire walk together outside, under the shady oaks that line this mock-colonia! mansion
text: that houses the “resting grounds.” Music trails off.
speaker_heading: DREW ,
dialog: Look —I’m - I’m not sure I feel comfortable
dialog: having fun.
text: She looks at his serious face, and cracks up. He looks right and left. What's so furmy?
dialog: 
dialog: 4
dialog: \ gt
scene_heading: INT. TRACEY’S RESTAURANT - DAY
text: They sit across from each other. He continues, stressing this point:
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I am serious. I’ve got nothing but problems.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ‘
dialog: Alright. Let’s work through ‘em. One by one.
dialog: T’'m good at this.
dialog: DREW . . .
dialog: I think there’s only one problem, and it’s everything.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Come on ~ one by one --
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: For starters? My dad’s dead! And we were
dialog: supposed to get to know each other better,
dialog: ) as adults... next year.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You're dealing with it. It happens.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: My mom wants cremation. They don’t do
text: cremations in Elizabethtown.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Not a problem.
text: Drew gets up to grab a missing utensil. She swivels and studies him, and his every word. .
speaker_heading: DREW
text: There’s an expensive Memorial coming up.
dialog: (unconvincing) ‘
dialog: Not that money is an issue of course — ‘
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (waves it away)
dialog: It'll all work out.
text: ) He sits down.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: L .
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: And I can’t make an attachment here because I’m
dialog: just going to disappoint you in a very profound way.
dialog: So I think today is pretty much the sum total of us.
text: They study each other’s faces. .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You're right. It’s everything.
text: (leans forward with mock panic)
dialog: It’s a complete disaster. You have no choice but
dialog: to give up completely!
dialog: (beat),
dialog: But we do have tonight. . ‘
text: He looks at her. She’s immovably positive.
scene_heading: EXT. GREENBELT - NIGHT
text: They walk back to the parking lot. There is an errant sprinkler, and they must adapt.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You’ re kind of great, Claire. You do know that.
dialog: Sort of amazing even.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ©
dialog: Come on. 1 don’t need an ice-cream cone.
speaker_heading: DREW
text: It’s not an ice-cream cone.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What’s an ice-cream cone?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You know, “here’s a little something to make you
dialog: happy..." Something sweet that melts in five
dialog: minutes. I’m completely cool with anything you
dialog: want to say or not say — 1 don’t need it.
text: He smiles. He likes her language.
speaker_heading: , CLAIRE
text: Besides, Ben is coming in tomorrow night.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: CU They reach her car. She rummages through her purse. The moonlight is beautiful. We hear the
text: sounds of others across the lake. Anybody else would be kissing by now.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You want to hear my theory?
speaker_heading: DREW’
dialog: “Course.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: You and J have a special talent, and I saw it immediately. ‘
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: We're the Substitute People.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (admires her language)
dialog: “Substitute People?”
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I've been the Substitute Person my whole life. I’m not:
dialog: an Ellen. I never wanted to be an Ellen. And I’ve never
dialog: been a Cindy either... although Chucks love me -
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ’'m sure they do.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE :
dialog: I like being alone too much. I'm with a guy —
dialog: who is “married” to his academic career — I rarely
dialog: see him. And I’m the Substitute Person there. llike
dialog: it that way. It’s a lot less pressure. .
speaker_heading: DREW .
dialog: I get it.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (confiding, realizing)
dialog: My parents wanted a boy. I'm even the Substitute
dialog: 3 Person to them! Until the real thing shows up... Tm
dialog: a very, very good Substitute Person.
dialog: 
dialog: \
text: Drew enjoys the oddness of her thought process. They exchange a look.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE 2
dialog: But if we kiss. I mean really kiss... I know that ‘
dialog: just being the Substitute won't be enough anymore.
text: She hands him the video from her purse, suddenly she’s a little emotional.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Here, play this for the loudest kid in the world.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I’m not used to girls like you.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE. |
dialog: (covering)
dialog: ‘That’s because I’m one of a kind.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You don’t have to make a joke. I like you
dialog: without the jokes. .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Get some sleep. I have a Personnel Interview
dialog: tomorrow morning and if | get transferred, Ben will die.
text: They still don’t move. Almost kissing. All around her, the mood and lighting and wind and....
dialog: everything is perfect. : . °
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Well... let’s let him live.
text: It is that moment... and neither move any closer. They are poised at the edge of breaking the
text: personal barrier, neither wanting to be the first to move forward... or away. They almost kiss. He
text: looks at her lips. Theme begins in the form of an intoxicating piano part, everything willing them
text: to give in to the romantic abandon.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Doesn’t it just feel better? That we didn’t just --
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 
dialog: wo
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: — do something impulsive. I mean, now we actually
dialog: have a shot at being friends for the rest of our lives...
text: They chuckle with feigned appreciative relief.
scene_heading: BILL BANYON’S VOICE "
dialog: The gymnasium just isn’t going to be big enough...
scene_heading: INT. HYATT BALLROOM ~ NEXT DAY
text: Drew and Bill Banyon stand in the huge hotel ballroom, with a HOTEL MANAGER, 32.
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON
dialog: .. but this. Jott
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: The Augusta ballroom is booked this Sunday
dialog: morning for the Hasboro Wedding Reception. But
dialog: Mrs. Hasbore has indicated that you are a close
dialog: friend, and he would be willing to move back his .
dialog: own event for the Memorial of your father.
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON
dialog: Great. Put it on his credit card.
text: Drew looks around the large room. Camera travels the expansive, ending on Drew’s face.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (to himself, a stray thought)
dialog: What if nobody shows up? .
scene_heading: EXT, AUNT DORA’S HOME - DAY - NOON
text: Exterior of the home. We hear Samson wail.
scene_heading: INT. AUNT DORA’S HOME - DAY
text: The foreground outer-room of Dora’s home is dark, but we see the “Celebration Committee”
text: working in the crowded lit-kitchen beyond. The sounds of loud kids, led by Samson, can be heard
text: from the unseen living room adjacent to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON
dialog: Okay, so we’ve got the military bands, the seven
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 86
text: i . speakers, Kinko’s is blowing up photos... the easels
dialog: me are purchased —
dialog: Gooks up)
dialog: How are we doing with balloons?
speaker_heading: ‘ DALE
dialog: I sent to Balloon City. I got'a bunch of “em. .f
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: Drew, the casket did come in from Lexington -
dialog: today. It’s quite beautiful. - -
text: Drew nods. There is a pause.
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON
dialog: Look, I'm getting the question constantly. Help
dialog: us with an answer. Why isn’t he buried in Elizabethtown?
text: Drew finds they’re all staring at him.
speaker_heading: | DREW
dialog: Y (carefully)
dialog: ) It’s not an insult to anybody here.
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is there such a thing as partial-cremation?
text: Aunt Dora, who cooks nearby, can’t stifle a groan. Banyon shrugs, but Charles Dean looks
text: angered at the notion. Concurrently in the next room, the noise level-rises. Samson is shrieking
dialog: like a banshee. : . :
speaker_heading: CHARLES DEAN
dialog: Well, I’ve heard in California, they divide people
dialog: into twelve pieces and pass ‘em out to family
dialog: members, but it ain't gonma happen here!
speaker_heading: DREW ,
dialog: (raising voice over din in next room)
dialog: I know you all love my dad. You can’t dismiss
dialog: Hollie’s wishes. And we ’re not from California.
speaker_heading: Sy DALE
dialog: ) Jessie, can you do something about your son!?
dialog: 
dialog: .
dialog: ee
dialog: )
dialog: 87
text: Jessie exits. Dale speaks more quietly.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: J think what Charles is saying, Drew, is —’
speaker_heading: an DREW
dialog: — I know what he’s saying. You all have different
dialog: versions of him that you all love a jot. This is ours, .
dialog: my family’s record of the last thing he said on the
dialog: subject. That’s the way it’s going to be, guys. “
dialog: Sprinkled at sea. And that’s the decision from California. .
dialog: (beat) ,
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oregon. ‘
dialog: Shit.
text: They all laugh... and Drew laughs too. The noise begins to mount again in the adjacent living
text: room. Aunt Lena brings cookies, coffee and Ale-8 to the table, along with Mona, who stares at
text: Drew, as sound escalates. Drew remembers his gift from Claire.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Jessie, 1 have something —
text: Drew exits, pulling the video out of his backpack.
scene_heading: INT. AUNT DORA’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Drew, adept at figuring out electronic gear, punches a few buttons and loads the video Claire gave ©
text: him. The kids are still shrieking, tired and crying loudly over anything and everything. Their ring-
text: leader is, of course, Samson. Drew eases into a profile, looks Samson right in the eyes.»
speaker_heading: DREW _ ot
dialog: Hey Samson. This is for you.
text: Drew presses “play.”
scene_heading: ON THE TELEVISION
text: ‘A man of about 36, clad in denim with red hard-hat, speaks with his foot resting on the first step of
text: a large truck. He’s an unglamourous character, windblown and flushed with good hard work.
text: Fifty yards behind him is a house. There is something about RUSTY that commands attention in
text: young children. In his eyes is the look of purpose.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Hi. Pm Rusty.
text: Samson immediately falls silent. Mayhem has ceased. It is as if this man looks into the souls of
dialog: reckless children. os
text: RUSTY .
dialog: T built this house behind me twelve years ago. .
dialog: And today ~—
scene_heading: INT. AUNT DORA’S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: The Planning committee in the next room realize something amazing is going on.
speaker_heading: DALE '
dialog: What’s that sound?
speaker_heading: AUNT LENA
dialog: Silence. .
text: ON THE KITCHEN DOORWAY
text: The adults move cautiously into view, fascinated. The sound of sudden silence is deafening.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: ‘The kids are mesmerized, frozen in the exact position they occupied when Rusty first appeared.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: — I’m going to blow it up.
text: The kids gasp. There’s a massive intake of air
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ON SAMSON
text: who watches... strangely, deeply transifixed.
text: ON ADULTS IN THE DOORWAY
dialog: It’s a miracle.
scene_heading: ON DREW AND JESSIE
text: watching Rusty with the kids.
dialog: 88
dialog: 
scene_heading: ON THE TELEVISION - CLOSER - FULL-FRAME
text: Rusty does not talk down to his young audience. He treats them like fellow warriors. He leans
text: forward and asks a question, his every word operating like a high-pitched frequency only children
dialog: can truly hear.
speaker_heading: RUSTY:
dialog: Now. If] blow up this house... will you help me '
dialog: build a new house where the old house used to be?
text: ON THE KIDS ,
dialog: who nod vigorously. ©
speaker_heading: ON RUSTY '
text: Shot moves in.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: _— Govith gravity)
dialog: If blow this house up, will you promise to behave
dialog: and mind your Mommy and Daddy?
speaker_heading: ON SAMSON
text: who experiences a revelation.
speaker_heading: SAMSON , .
dialog: Yes.
dialog: , . a
text: Around him, kids nod quickly, with deep conviction. Samson stares respectfully at Rusty and
dialog: Jessie sees it. - -
speaker_heading: ON JESSIE
dialog: who tums to Drew.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: (quietly, a little sad)
dialog: What I’d give to have him look at me like that.
speaker_heading: ON RUSTY
dialog: who rewards bis promise to the kids.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Good. Now \et’s blow it up.
text: The kids’ eyes widen as they hold their breath.
dialog: ON THE ADULTS "
text: who watch from the kitchen, lined up in the doorway.
scene_heading: ON THE TELEVISION MONITOR
text: Rusty with a control switcher linked to dynamite.
speaker_heading: RUSTY "
dialog: One... two... three... wt
text: Rusty presses the switcher. He detonates the old house behind him. Ka-boom. Smoke and ash fly
text: through the air, replayed backwards and forwards from four different angles.
speaker_heading: ON THE KIDS
text: as the wonder washes over their faces, wave after wave. They swoon with delight. The blue t.v.
text: screen lights up their expressions.
dialog: ON RUSTY a
text: RUSTY .
dialog: Now let’s build a new house.
speaker_heading: ON SAMSON
text: who hooks an arm around his father’s leg, and looks at Jessie happily. Like a son looks at a father.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: who sees this, moved a little, by father and son. He almost... almost cries. He pats Jessie on the
text: back and quickly returns to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Drew enters and Uncle Dale looks at him with strange new respect.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Thank you for taking an interest in Jessie.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: He’s a good man.
scene_heading: ON JESSIE IN OUTER ROOM
text: watching his son watch the video. There is absolute joy on his son’s face, and Jessié is marveling
text: at the sight of it. .
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON
text: I can see Mitch right now — so proud — wearing that .
dialog: Blue Suit — .
text: Aunt Dora enters and tums on the bumer of the stove to begin a new cooking venture. She steps
dialog: away to get the perfect pan.
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON
dialog: ... can’t you?
speaker_heading: ON THE MEN
text: in the kitchen. Silence descends for a moment as they all come to stare at the flame on the stove,
text: all of them arriving at the same mental image...
speaker_heading: ON MITCH’S PHOTO
text: on the wall of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: ON THE FLAME
text: sputtering on the stove, with violent stabs of yellow flecking the blue flame.
speaker_heading: ON DREW cot
text: who knows what must be done. He checks his watch.
scene_heading: ON RENTAL CAR KEYS
text: He snatches them up.
scene_heading: EXT. KENTUCKY TURNPIKE - NIGHT
text: Drew’s car flies through the Kentucky night.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: “INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - NIGHT
text: Drew on cell. Checking his watch. It reads: 10:30 pm.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: . yes, my ‘name is Drew Baylor, and I’m calling “oe '
dialog: to stop a cremation...
scene_heading: ON ADDRESS - RIPPED OUT OF PHONE BOOK
text: in hand. It reads: Hadiey Funeral and Crematory, 24 Hour Emergency Services, 2332 St. Regis St.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S RENTAL CAR - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER .
text: Drew on the cell again.
speaker_heading: DREW .
dialog: .. it’s Drew Baylor, is anybody there? I’m
dialog: calling again, about...
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR ~ NIGHT
text: Road construction has halted traffic. Drew powers down the window and speaks to a Foreman.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ... [have to stop a cremation in Loua -vull!
text: His pronunciation is perfect. The Foreman consider this request, waves him through.
scene_heading: EXT. KENTUCKY HIGHWAY ~- NIGHT , ¢
text: Drew’s car rips down the highway to Louisville.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Drew screeches down a road marked St. Regis Ave.
scene_heading: EXT. LOUISVILLE CREMATORY ~ NIGHT - WIDE SHOT
text: The same beautiful grounds from the day before, now moody and empty and dark. Drew bangs on
text: the door.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: STOP THE CREMATION!!!
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: “The door opens suddenly as the Young Worker stands ready to help.
scene_heading: INT. EMPTY FRONT OFFICE/CREMATORY — NIGHT. a
text: The Young Worker moves quickly into the back room, motioning for Drew to wait just a moment.
text: Drew stands in the darkened Crematory office waiting. He looks at an answering machine at an '
text: unmanned darkened desk, blinking with his unheard messages. One flourescent light is on at the
text: back. The Young Worker returns with an apologetic shrug, too late, holding...
speaker_heading: THE PURPLE URN
text: now much heavier, as he hands it over to Drew wordlessly. Drew holds the Purple Um in his
dialog: hands. Music. , :
scene_heading: EXT. CREMATORY PARKING LOT -— NIGHT ~~ +
text: Drew puts the Purple Um in the trunk, and closes it. He takes a few steps. It doesn’t feel right.
text: He retums and pops the trunk open again.
scene_heading: INT, DREW’S RENTAL CAR ~ NIGHT
text: Drew dutifully straps the Um into the passenger seat. Somehow the Um looks oddly comfortable
text: now, riding alongside Drew.
scene_heading: EXT. HYATT PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Back at the hotel. Drew now exits his car after another long day, adjusting his backpack, hands in
text: pockets. He walks a few steps and then stops. He feels. guilty again, as he Jooks back at the car.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - NIGHT : t
text: Drew unbuckles the passenger safety-belt, and removes the Purple Ur. *-
scene_heading: INT. HYATT HOTEL - NIGHT
text: A peaceful melancholy slips over the lobby as Drew walks with the Purple Un under his arm like a
text: bongo. Front Desk Girl Charlotte types and looks up. She sees the urn, and knows. He tips the
text: urn to ber. He turns to see...
text: Claire in evening dress, lingering on outskirts of Chuck and Cindy’s wedding group, looking
text: gorgeous and holding a bright pink Cosmopolitan. He collapses into the big leather seat near her.
text: Claire falls into the seat next to him. Silently they watch the Chuck and Cindy traffic. She’s had a
text: few drinks with a few new friends from the wedding party, who wave goodnight to her. Drew
text: considers putting the Um on the floor. Instead, he puts it on the table between them.
dialog: 
dialog: oe 94
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (off urn)
dialog: Is that? a
text: Drew nods.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hey Mitch. Can I get you something - you “
text: look a little bit thirsty —
speaker_heading: DREW ”
dialog: He’s fine ~ uo
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So what happened to Ben?
text: She makes a noise.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (all too familiar)
dialog: There was a storm in Georgia, they grounded all the
dialog: planes, and he doesn’t like to fly and they want him to
text: speak at a Trustees Event and trot out some Big Ideas.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Well, you look great.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh, I’m a mess. ‘
speaker_heading: . DREW
dialog: You're crazy, Claire, you look amazing. .
dialog: And this dress - OE
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (waves away compliment)
dialog: Did well on the Personnel interview, though.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Right — the interview — | forgot ~
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (grandly self-deprecating)
dialog: I know. I’m impossible to forget, but I’m hard to
dialog: remember.
dialog: uw) : 95
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You put yourself down too much.
speaker_heading: 7 CLAIRE
dialog: Don’t fall'for it. I actually believe in myself quite a bit.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey — let’s show Mitch the site of his Memorial.
scene_heading: INT. AUGUSTA BALLROOM LOBBY - NIGHT :
text: Balancing her glass, Claire joins Drew in swinging open the heavy doors to the empty hotel
text: ballroom marked: Hasboro Wedding Rehearsal.
text: The remains of an earlier function are obvious in the haphazard array of chairs, a cabinet and
text: catering remnants. Claire drains her drink, and heads for the podium. She clicks on the
text: microphone, and grips both sides of the stand like a Presidential candidate. Her voice is very loud,
text: and she addresses the empty ballroom. :
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
text: J WELCOME TO THE ANNUAL MEETIN
text: OF PEOPLE WHO... ANNUALLY MEET.
text: She is a bit drunk. Drew laughs politely and applauds.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (setting urn down)
dialog: Very nice. Come on —
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: AND WE'LL SEE YOU ALL AGAIN NEXT YEAR!
text: She laughs. He takes her arm — it’s physical contact, and for a moment she finds herself in his
text: arms, facing away. This is how their bodies feel together. They've inadvertently broken a barrier,
text: and both know it. She pushes away.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I’m just going to say — right now — what we're not
dialog: saying. And let the chips fall, let the chips fall, let
dialog: the chips fall... where they may... yes ¥'m drunk, and..
dialog: (slightly confusing herself)
dialog: ) I may be embasrassing myself, but I’m just going to say it...
dialog: 
text: ae / “She wrenches free, and retums to the podium, back on the microphone, pressing her mouth way
dialog: 
dialog: °, 96
text: too close and it amplifies.
dialog: oon
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I... LLLLIKE YOU. .
text: Drew nods and has to laugh ’
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: {off his look)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: T think you should eat something.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I have been starving myself all week Jong --
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: For Ben?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: — and J am gonna eat.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: We'll eat in my room —
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (perking up)
dialog: Room service! I want cheese... and cheese-related
dialog: things... no... eggs and fries! With cheese on everything.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Cheese it is. And don’t worry, as great as you
dialog: look tonight — you are safe with me.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ,
dialog: Of course it’s safe! it’s a full moon. You're here.
dialog: I look good. I’m wearing these clothes. Have you
dialog: ever had unlucky clothes?? This dress that you like —
dialog: good things have not happened to me in this dress.
dialog: But I saw it tonight, and I said, “I’m going to give
dialog: you one more chance.” And I refuse to be let down
dialog: by this dress again. Anyway, forget all that! You're
dialog: 
dialog: bere, and we're together. It’s a get-out-of-jail-free
dialog: card. It’s almost midnight. Life cannot be so cruel
dialog: that we don’t deserve to be together.
dialog: . (covering her tracks) . ot
dialog: To eat.
text: He leads her to the door. ™ “
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL HALLWAY ~ DAY
text: They walk to the room. We see them at the far end of the Chuck and Cindy-festooned hallway.
speaker_heading: . CLAIRE
dialog: Wait. Where’s Mitch?
text: Drew stops.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Shit, Ueft him in the ballroom.
text: They run back down the hallway, towards us, at full-speed. ° :
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: The Purple Um is the only bit of color in the huge ballroom.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Whew.
text: She books her arm around him‘and walks him back to the Um.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I’m sorry Ben missed the flight. .
text: They arrive at the Um. Claire looks at Drew, pregnant with something she needs to say. Drew
text: sees her discomfort, and fills in the blanks.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: He forgot.
text: She looks at him, as he touches her arm with real compassion. She doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: . DREW
dialog: No storm in Georgia?
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Ns She says nothing. His compassion increases.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: No Trustees?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ro
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: No Big Ideas?
text: She shakes her head, no.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: What a fuckin’ jerk!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: He kisses her.
dialog: He’s not a jerk. He’s a brilliant man who gives
dialog: himself permission to be pre-occupied.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Come on! You know, I'll tell you, there is nothing greater
dialog: than deciding in your life that things maybe really are
text: black and white. And this guy “Ben” who clearly takes
dialog: you for granted, who serially takes advantage of you...
dialog: Is bad. And what I’m saying is good. See what 1 mean?
dialog: Black and white. You shouldn’t be a substitute for anybody!
dialog: This guy should be right Here, right now, doing this,
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (flushed)
dialog: Maybe so.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: He’s lucky I’m not the right person for you.
text: He kisses her lightly, again.
dialog: é
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I know why it’s not you, but just tell me so I
dialog: know from your perspective.
dialog: 
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: See, I know what you deserve.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (private longing)
dialog: What do { deserve?
text: Drew looks at her, moves behind her as she faces camera. (He is unseen by her.)
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You deserve...
text: Lost for the words himseif, he picks up a piece of paper from the Hasboro Wedding Rehearsal
dialog: table. .
dialog: .
speaker_heading: DREW .
dialog: You deserve a guy who says... “I can’t imagine
dialog: a world without you... “
speaker_heading: ON HER BACK
text: from his point-of-view. She shudders.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: “We will start a winery when we are 70.”
speaker_heading: ON HER BACK
text: she considers it. She likes the direction.
speaker_heading: DREW ‘
dialog: “We will snowboard every December and one ~ .
dialog: day take our kids... “
speaker_heading: ON CLAIRE
text: with him in the background. She thrills to these words.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: “And we will always have the twin red Lexus’ with
dialog: the license plates reading: Chuck... and Cindy.”
text: She turns, knowing the words are not his.
dialog: 
dialog: i)
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You deserve all this and more.
text: She laughs, bittersweet.
dialog: It’s not you, 1 know. ree
text: They kiss again. Her skin has it’s own quietly addictive quality. He finds he has to kiss her again,
text: a little woozy with the pleasure of it all, and then pulls away rehictantly.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Please don’t take this as rejection.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE >
dialog: T really don’t. :
text: He finds her mouth, and there is no way back. They sink to the ground, as he places the umn
text: recklessly on a table. And this is what it’s like to really kiss her. After an interval, they pull away.
text: They sit there on the floor, disheveled. Claire looks up at the umn on the table. Claire is a little
text: light-headed. Clearly, it was a great kiss. They are on the floor. .They regard each other, and the
text: sudden difference between them. There is silence for a moment. °
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Ben’s very lucky. All we did was kiss. .
text: Beat. Thoughtful moment passes. : . ah
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Most of the sex I’ve had in my life was not as
dialog: personal as that kiss. :
scene_heading: INT, DREW’S HOTEL ROOM ~ EARLY MORNING
text: Claire crawls on hands and knees to retrieve a shoe from under the bed. She finds it, and rises up
text: to sit on the edge of the bed. She admires Drew, the sleeping lump facing the wall in a red t-shirt.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (quiet, testing volume)
dialog: Putting on my shoes now..
text: She purposely bounces on the edge of his bed, checking over her shoulder for signs of life.
dialog: 
dialog: )
speaker_heading: ON TELEVISION
dialog: a Saturday moming Travel Network special about skindiving in Australia. Animpossibly it. °"
text: blonde surfer girl talks about diving. Claire turns it off.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE mo,
dialog: (hopeful of waking him up) :
dialog: Hey! Absence of noise! oe
text: He doesn’t budge. Then stirs a little. She “accidentally” knocks herself against the side of the bed.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oops! Excuse me. Sorry.
text: Now she loudly drops her bag. It falls, noisy with keys. He doesn’t budge. She picks it.up
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (quietly, musical)
text: ... walking out door...
text: Silence. She continues giving him extra chances.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: _.. in last night’s clothes...
text: Silence. She moves to the door. No reaction. Music begins, as she sees the remnants of last
dialog: night’s room service (eggs and fries).
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hey Claire! Stay! Don't leave. Let's have breakfast!} 5,
text: He doesn’t move. She’s performing for an audience of.one — herself. She takes a moment, asd
text: looks at him. It feels like a goodbye. She sure does like him. She mimes taking a “snapshot.”
text: She bends down to his sleeping form for one last goodbye.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I will miss your lips and everything attached
dialog: to them.
text: She tums and walks to the door, bending into profile to bid goodbye to the Purple Um.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: See ya, Mitch.
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: 
dialog: \
dialog: 102
text: She opens the top of the Urn and looks inside for 4 moment.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Now we’ve both seen each other naked. : - aa?
text: She replaces the top, and camera lingers.on the Um. We hear the sound of a door shutting.
scene_heading: EXT. HYATT HOTEL LOBBY - MORNING
text: Elevator door opens, and the Lobby is alive with activity. A huge line at the front desk, the most
text: crowded we've seen it. Claire attempts grace in last night’s clothes. She turns the comer and sees
dialog: all the same Chuck and Cindy people from the night before. :
speaker_heading: VOICE :
dialog: Hey Claire! .
text: She darts the other way to avoid them.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S HOTEL ROOM WINDOW ~— MORNING
text: The back of Drew’s head is in frame briefly, as the shot is angled down on the parking lot. We
text: see the small figure of Claire moving diagonally across the asphalt lined with trees. We hear a
text: door shut. After a beat, a srnall figure in a red t-shirt sprints across the parking lot to her.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey! wet
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - MORNING
dialog: be
text: Claire turns, ‘overjoyed to hear Drew’s voice.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE -
dialog: Aw, just tell me you love me and get it over with. =
text: Drew looks at her, takes a breath and speaks his truth. Behind him, a flower truck pulls up and
text: begins unloading ornate floral arrangements.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (in a rush)
dialog: Claire. Four days ago... I lost a major American shoe
dialog: company... well you could round it off to one billion dollars.
dialog: And by tomorrow afternoon, the whole world, everyone will
dialog: know. Something is going to be published that pinpoints me _
dialog: as the most spectacular failure in the history of my profession,
dialog: 
dialog: 103
dialog: which is all | know. And I am here trying to be responsible,
dialog: and charming, and live up to something I’m not, and all I really
dialog: want is to... not be here, do you understand? ”
text: She nods. It’s all coming out, with no filter.
speaker_heading: DREW :
dialog: What you’re seeing is not me — actually, almost everything “
dialog: that has happened between us is not really who I am at all.
dialog: jt’s an incredible simulation, but it’s not me. The real me
dialog: is ajoke. So you know... feel free to laugh, but those are the
dialog: hell hounds on my particular trail. a -
text: She is stilled by the news. In the background, a food truck now arrives, and begins unloading
dialog: catering tables. . wy
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: A billion dollars, buh?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (gravely) .
dialog: Rounded off — yes.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE . ;
dialog: Was it your money? . .
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: No. 7
text: She explodes in relief.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ° °
dialog: Then what are you worried about?!
text: He’s puzzled at her frivolity. Immediately:
speaker_heading: DREW a
dialog: Because it’s my fault! It was my design!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (a little angry)
dialog: It’s not your fault! None of it is your fault!
dialog: Some of it is your fault...
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: LY ‘She laughs. He turns frosty.
dialog: |
speaker_heading: DREW.
dialog: Well ’m happy to entertain you ~
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: What? '
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'm sorry, I guess I thought a small part of you might
dialog: be a small bit sad to see me go. But I guess this is all
dialog: mostly about a shoe.
speaker_heading: . DREW 7
dialog: Of course I’m sad about you. ‘
text: She’s instantly serious. This is who she is:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Some company who took a gamble on you because
dialog: it’s their business to gamble... and it’s also their business
dialog: to use you as a scapegoat. Come on. You're an artist,
dialog: man. Your job is to break through barriers, not accept
dialog: blame and bow and say “Thank you, I'll go away now.”
dialog: Come on. Of course he’s going to screw you over if he
dialog: cant: He’s a Phil!
text: Drew looks a little stunned at the quality of her advice.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You're welcome. Now quit trying to break up with me.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Claire —
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (a little angry)
dialog: You're always trying to break up with me, and
dialog: we're not even together!
text: He’s suddenly relieved. And then disappointed.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: We're not?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WwW CLAIRE
dialog: We’re the Substitute People, remember? :
text: Behind him, a large netting of white balloons are carried in. Claire smiles politely, almost
text: professionally, and gets inher car. He stands there, watching her leave, maybe forever, in her
text: unlucky dress. (Theme begins indicating this as a “last Jook.”) ot
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ‘
dialog: I'll see you at the Memorial if 1 can make it.
speaker_heading: DREW - .
dialog: How does it work that somehow J disappoint you,
text: but the guy who doesn’t show up at all is a genius
dialog: who's allowed to be pre-occupied? —-
text: Claire shuts the door, still professional. She waves sweetly.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (thrown-away, to himselfy
text: It’s like he doesn’t even exist.
text: ; Then it hits him. No, it couldn't be. He watches her car disappear. He’s engulfed with a growing
dialog: doubt. Does Ben even exist?
scene_heading: INT. MAN ‘O WAR AIRPORT - LATER DAY
text: Drew waits in the Lexington airport. Hollie steps off the plane with heroic majesty. She has come
text: to face the ceremonies, here in the heart of her lost husband’s homeland. Behind her, looking
text: relaxed and very stoned on prescription medication, is Heather. Hollie, however, possesses some
text: strange new confidence and power. She hugs her son and daughter, all of them together bere in
text: the airport. She pulls away and announces:
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Darling. I have found that I am funny.
text: Drew shares a look with Heather, who quietly shakes ber head. He hugs them both, as Hollie ©
text: takes in these new surroundings. The smell of disaster is in the air. .
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 
dialog: we)
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: ‘FADE UP:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BALLROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Drew pulls the curtain aside, just a little, and we are allowed a surreptitious look at the arriving
text: crowd. It’s a huge turn-out. Crowd members, many dressed formally, have arrived early and are
text: already filling the ballroom. He’ smiles at the charm and ritual that so defines this town.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: 1) The Military Band plays at the side of the ballroom near the stage.
text: 2) Guests look at large posters.of Mitchell Baylor displayed around the lobby on easels.
dialog: 3) Guests looking at the program booklet. o
text: 4) Samson is dressed in a little man’s suit, which he’s pulling and tugging at uncomfortably, as he
text: watches Jessie set up his drums with other band members (behind the curtain). Samson climbs on
text: the drum kit and plays.a little. :
text: 5) A slide projector clicks images on a screen in front of the curtain. Balloons and flowers are
text: everywhere in this large, beautifully-outfitted ballroom. Al! the best of intentions are in play. And
text: the gathering crowd feels it. Something great could happen tonight.
text: €) On the proud banner across the top of the stage:
text: “TF IT WASN'T THIS... IT7D BE SOMETHING ELSE”
dialog: MB.
text: Hollie and Heather join Drew, looking out from the behind the curtain, watching silently.
scene_heading: INT. SIDE OF STAGE ~ DAY
text: Jessie Baylor stands with an ELECTRICIAN, 21, looking at a pulley.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Okay, so when I give you the signal —
dialog: (demonstrates with drumstick)
text: ~ pull the pulley slowly across.
speaker_heading: ELECTRICIAN
dialog: ‘Will do.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSIE
text: It’s all planned out with the song.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN BALLROOM AREA - NIGHT
text: Drew takes Mom and Heather to the seats. There is a reserved seating red rope across the seats in
text: the front. Nervous, yet exquisitely poised, Hollie nods hello to the unfamiliar faces in the,
text: surrounding family section and beyond. She knows all eyes are on her. Hollie sits down and looks
text: up at a photo of Mitch and herself, slide-projected on the back curtain/screen.
speaker_heading: ON HOLLIE “
text: in profile, staring up at her former life, blown up to screen-size.
text: Heather looks around, glazed, it’s all Fantasia to her.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
text: Somewhere Dad is freaking out.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: who looks around for Claire. She’s not here.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM/MEMORIAL STAGE - NIGHT
text: We meet a series of speakers who express their feelings of leve and regret. Their comments aff
text: form a single monologue of what a sudden death stirs up in surviving loved ones. (Note: Each
text: face offers a look of realistic character, of people inexperienced at the podium, unaccustomed to
dialog: such displays of emotion.)
dialog: 1) Childhood friend SHARON, SSish.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Mitch wrote letters...
dialog: 2) Uncle Dale at the podium.
speaker_heading: UNCLE DALE
dialog: _. he was always there for me but was I there for him...
text: 3) DES, 55, black, is Mitch’s classmate from West Point.
speaker_heading: DES
dialog: ... he would show us pictures of his granddaughter.
dialog: 
text: 4) RAYMOND, dignified in bow-tie, gives his testimonial.
scene_heading: RAYMOND .
dialog: ... and he was so proud of Heather and his son
dialog: and his success with the Spa... the Spoo... you know,
dialog: that shoe... because in all of his projects after the military —
dialog: except his family... something always went off the rails...
text: 5) Connie, his high-school girlfriend, the one with all the memorsbilia.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: ... and I toved him...
text: 6) Aunt Dora at the podium.
speaker_heading: AUNT DORA
dialog: ... even though he moved to California, he came
dialog: back every year...
dialog: 1) SOE is 57.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: ... and it wasn’t easy for him to leave the military
dialog: and start over in California and...
text: 8) Bill Banyon at the podium. With wrenching difficulty:
speaker_heading: BILL BANYON
dialog: ... and I apologize, per se, for my role in that deal,
dialog: per se...
text: 9) Drew at the podium.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: .. and I never could understand those fathers who
dialog: didn’t say “I love you.” Because he said it ail the time.
dialog: So I have nothing to complain about except that he’s gone.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And to all of you who put this evening together,
dialog: it has gone beautifully, and thank you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, Hollie Baylor.
dialog: 108
dialog: 
dialog: ~
dialog: \
dialog: “109
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM PODIUM - NIGHT ~ MINUTES LATER
text: Hollie rises and begins walking to the stage. In every public event, a crowd craves some kind of
text: drama This is drama, She walks resolutely, from her front row seat to the podium. Hollie
text: takes the stage in a dark pant-suit with flared bottorhs. She stands at the microphone, just the
text: spotlight, silver sun in her face. , There is silence save for the light but pervasive sound of
text: snifflng. Hundreds of unseen faces now judge hern the darkness. She takes a breath. “
text: The spotlight feels hot, and it crosses her line of vision. She’s blinded for a short time. There is a
text: single judgmental-sounding cough in the dark.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Tma little nervous, but here we are.
dialog: Silence. .
speaker_heading: HOLLIE :
dialog: Thanks for coming, and thank you for inviting me.
dialog: I’m glad J got on that plane. It’s been a while.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He talked so much about all of you, and late at night
dialog: I'd often hear the typing of one of his long detailed
text: letters, answering a simple question in 30 single-spaced
dialog: pages. Always on Saturday, that was his day to type
dialog: letters. Saturday was the day he devoted to you. And
dialog: how right that today is a Saturday.
text: SHOT OF KNOWING LOOK
text: on an on-lookers face.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: And there was the shorthand of a long marriage.
dialog: ‘We were complete opposites — and it worked.
text: Hollie withdraws the microphone from the podium stand and begins to walk. (She is the first to
dialog: use any part of the stage, and the first to realize the microphone was cordless all along.) And in
text: that moment, she comes to life, speaking from her heart. Even the tone of her voice sounds
text: different, less guarded, more free.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: There are three islands of security in this world.
dialog: Health, love and work. 1 lost them all in a single
dialog: phone call. 1 am a widow.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: J
scene_heading: SHOT OF BILL BANYON
dialog: watching. Where is this going?
speaker_heading: SHOT OF HEATHER
text: stoned, staring.
speaker_heading: ON HOLLIE
text: getting her footing on this stage, as thoughts begin to come out of her, sans editing. °
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: The plan was to send my son here to represent us.
dialog: I was terrified that you'd look at me and see — the
dialog: Woman From California...
dialog: (silent beat)
dialog: The one who took him. And though we only lived .
dialog: there as a family for eighteen months twenty-seven years
dialog: ago... I’ve always felt it. I’m the one. He was your
text: boy, Mitchie, on his way home from the war. And
dialog: somehow I hijacked him, and took him to... to Disneyland!
dialog: A little bit of forced laughter
speaker_heading: ON DALE
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: He didn’t come home. Didn’t start the business with
dialog: Dale...
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Left the military later to be a father to Drew...
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Didn’t marry the person everybody thought be
dialog: would...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “oN
speaker_heading: we CONNIE
text: who watches Hollie with curiosity and no small jealousy. .
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: And we bever talked about any of it, we just
dialog: built layers on top of layers and we argued
text: about the layers. Layers of bullshit.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: shaking his head — no — trying to catch Hollie’s attention.
speaker_heading: ON HOLLIE ‘ :
text: who doesn’t see it.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: All because I was standing in an elevator in Tokyo,
text: and a handsome Captain walked in, on the way back .
dialog: to Elizabethtown, and... he was engaged and I was
dialog: ™“ engaged too! And... something happened between
dialog: (ee us, that was not (God forbid) “part of the plan.”
text: A rampant silence has filled the room.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: But we were in love. .
dialog: (beat, fast)
dialog: And J know the rap on me. I’m a humorless
dialog: liberat Catholic and I never took the time to know
dialog: all of you, and for that I am sorry. And criticized
dialog: somebody's cooking on my last visit here, but as rl
dialog: tell you in a moment, I’m now a struggling cook
dialog: myself, 1 know how hard it is, please forgive me,
dialog: and I say that as a humorless liberal Catholic who
text: is apparently... still humorless.
text: ON THE FACES OF DREW AND HEATHER
text: horrified that she is actually trying to make jokes. Somewhere, another cough.
dialog: s
dialog: ch
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ON HOLLIE
text: She is only starting to warm to the occasion. She’s finding her voice now, confiding in the
dialog: audience.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Let me tell you about life without Mitch.
speaker_heading: ON FACES
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: I tried to learn about Mitch’s car. It actually ate me.
text: I went to the bank. The teller looked at me strangely,
text: and when I got home I looked in the mirror. My face
text: was still green from a facial mask I forgot to take off.
dialog: J called the Insurance Man of thirty years, whose
dialog: son Mitch helped get into West Point, to tell him Mitch
dialog: was gone. He didn’t call me back for two days.
dialog: (beat)
text: The car. The bank. The Insurance Man. The world.
dialog: Nobody truly cared. Not like us.
text: Hollie pauses, almost loses her way, then regains her footing.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: And then there was daylight.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: as the spotlight crosses her vision.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: | knew what the answer was. The answer was joy.
dialog: That’s what Mitch wanted.
speaker_heading: ON HEATHER
text: watching, stoned.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: 1 always wanted to leam to tap-dance. So I took
dialog: lessons. And ] wanted to cook, organically, so 1
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: attempted that. And I fixed the toilet. All by myself.
dialog: (irritated screed)
dialog: How are we able to put a man on the moon and
dialog: toilets are still as bad as when I was a kid... the
dialog: suction ball that keeps flapping! That damn suction hall!!
dialog: Well, I learned to fix it. +e
text: There is genuine laughter, and it surprises her.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: And I wanted to learn to laugh. Why wasn’t I
dialog: this funny when he was alive!? Best J can figure...
dialog: : (beat) '
dialog: It takes time to be funny. It takes time to extract
dialog: joy from life. ,
speaker_heading: SHOT OF SOMEONE
text: who nods in quiet agreement.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: So I enrolled in Comedy School.
text: Big laugh. Hollie rolls with it, laughs a little herself at the irony.
scene_heading: SHOT OF STERN-LOOKING MAN
dialog: :
text: who still isn’t buying it, though all around him is laughter.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: I was the oldest one in the class. And I was told
dialog: to tell one story, a true story, about real life, something
dialog: that happened to me. So I got up there, and talked
dialog: a little bit about my husband and the love he left
text: behind. A few days after Mitch died, the next-door
text: neighbor, one of Mitch’s good friends, Bob, saw that
dialog: I was going through the gate and he said, “I’m so
dialog: sorry for your loss.” And I knew he needed to feel
dialog: that loss, and share it. And I wanted to help him.
text: He put his arms around me, cradled me, and his embrace
dialog: tightened. Finally, bere was someone who truly cared.
dialog: And who you are in times of crisis is who you really are.
dialog: (perfect beat)
dialog: Then I felt something else.
dialog: 113
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: She lets the moment hang, as slow knowing spreads through the crowd.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: A huge... well, let's just say it... a boner.
text: Huge laughs. ‘
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: That’s what I get for trying to do everything .
dialog: moyself. '
speaker_heading: ON HEATHER
text: who tums to Drew, with eyes wide. What is happening? '
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Boner Bob. My neighbor.
text: Laughs double.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: People handle grief in different ways!
text: Laughs quadruple. She laughs herself. These are big, big laughs.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: watching, stunned, in disbelief.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Mitch believed in people. Some let him down.
scene_heading: SHOT OF BILL BANYON
text: watching, hurting.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: William Banyon. You know what you did. And {
dialog: know what you did. And I’m an inch...
dialog: {it’s not easy)
dialog: ... Of two inches away from forgiving you.
dialog: 
dialog: r
text: “S_ SHOT OF GROUPS OF PEOPLE
text: watching. Feeling her words.
speaker_heading: , HOLLIE
dialog: But some did't let him down. Sometimes those thirty
dialog: pages letters helped his friends get rich, or gave advice
dialog: or just made ‘em happy. He rooted for all of you. And
dialog: he loved his family, my patient daughter and my busy
dialog: son. And he was not bitter. He was more playful
dialog: then maybe some of you knew —
speaker_heading: ON DREW
dialog: listening to these words which strike home. ot
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: But here’s some advice I can give to you ~
text: She gestures around the beautiful ballroom.
speaker_heading: Smet HOLLIE
dialog: Give all these gifts to the living. Do it now.
dialog: Be embarrassing. Don’t wait for the perfect
text: time. Mitch is gone, and Boner Bob lives on.
dialog: That’s life.
text: She shakes her head, laughs to herself. Deep, knowing laughs surround her.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: I may need your help. I haven’t been single since
dialog: Jwas 18. And that was... that was a couple years ago.
dialog: Big forgiving laughs.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: One last Mitch story. We were walking one night
dialog: and | asked him - “what should I do if, God forbid,
dialog: something happens and you go before Ido. How
dialog: do you want to be buried?” And he looked at me
dialog: and smiled and said —
dialog: (beat)
dialog: J “Surprise me.”
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 116
text: Appreciative laughter, and some applause.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: This would have surprised him.
text: She addresses the slide-portrait ‘of Mitch above the podium.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: And I’m going to surprise you, too. I love you.
text: She gives her signal for the music.
speaker_heading: ‘ HOLLIE :
dialog: This is for you. Your favorite song. Ona
dialog: Saturday night. ‘
text: It’s Henry Mancini’s “Moon River” instrumental... and Hollie begins to tap-dance. Slowly, with
text: basic moves. Lights reduce to a single spotlight and it is her moment of absolute grace. Hollie
text: reaches a wobbly crescendo to huge applause. The strange sad freedom of her movements is
text: fearless, and funny, and quite beautiful. Finally, finally, they understand Hollie, the woman Mitch
text: married. The sound of a standing ovation rings over onto...”
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Drew stands alone, taking a breather from the event. He hears a small commotion, and tums to
text: see... Claire arriving, cress swishing as she moves quickly. He is genuinely surprised and bappy to
text: see her. They are alone in the lobby.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh my God — nobody showed.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Everybody showed.
text: Claire draws closer. She looks great, but seems a touch distant. Both search each others faces for
text: clues to where they stand.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Well, you know... J have this thing for you.
text: For a moment, all his pressing business, even The Plan is shattered. His heart privately races. And
text: then he realizes the “thing” for him is actually a thing for him. Claire pulls a brown wooden box
text: from her unwieldy looking shoulder bag.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: It’s a very unique map. It’s for your road trip home.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (a touch disappointed)
dialog: Right ~ a map —
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (studies his face)
dialog: You promised, remember.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: No, I do. I remember.
text: Both continue studying every detail in the other, both curious and auditioning grander plans.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT — SAME TIME
text: The curtain parts. Jessie Baylor and his band begin the epic, mournful introduction to Lyryrd
text: Skynyrd’s “Freebird.
text: ON A LARGE WHITE BIRD
text: made of paper and plaster, waiting behind the curtain in the wings. It’s very close to a spotlight,
dialog: and that is not good proximity
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: If] leave here tomorrow...
text: ON THE LARGE WHITE BIRD
text: which is starting to catch fire. Unseen by the audience.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT - SAME TIME
text: Claire and Drew together in the empty ballroom lobby. She hears the music inside.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: “Freebird,” huh?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (still can’t believe it)
dialog: It’s actually going well. On some level, I think
dialog: this is all part of Mitch’s joke...
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: She laughs a little.
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Well — I better get back to —
speaker_heading: , DREW,
dialog: Ben?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: He finally made it.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (bittersweet, off box)
dialog: Well, thanks for the ice cream cone.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ,
dialog: It’s not an ice cream cone! '
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: No, I know... I’m just... making a joke.
dialog: Apparently | come from a family of comedians.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Call me Pollyanna, but it’s all good... and I don’t
dialog: even say “it’s all good” either.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Does Ben even exist?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Just call me when you get home, and not until.
dialog: I want you to get into the deep, beautiful melancholy
dialog: of everything that’s happened. Speaking of
dialog: which... I have to see what this looks like...
text: She gestures to the ballroom, and they are drawn to an open doorway to watch...
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: Jessie performs soulfully.
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: “Cause I’m as free as a bird now-
dialog: And this bird you cannot change...
dialog: Cy)
dialog: «119
text: Jessie makes a subtle-motion with his drumstick, to the electrician off-stage.
scene_heading: ON LARGE WHITE BIRD
text: which is Starting to smoke and catch fire. (And not intentionally.) The bird now descends ona
text: pulley, on fire.
speaker_heading: THE PULLEY
text: cannot hold the weight of the bird.
text: ON THE AUDIENCE .
text: gasping as they see the bird is on fire, breaking free of the pulley, as if it cannot be contained.
text: ON THE BIRD ‘
text: which gains flight over the audience as it explodes into flames.
scene_heading: ON THE AUDIENCE
text: screaming and scattering as the flaming bird sails above their heads, heading for a landing in the
dialog: crowd,
scene_heading: ON DREW AND CLAIRE
text: watching as mayhem breaks loose. Everyone heads for the exits.
text: ON THE SPRINKLER BIRDS
text: along the ceiling of the ballroom, which surge to life with survival-rain.
scene_heading: ON FIERY BANNER ABOVE STAGE (“If It Wasn’t This, It'd Be Something Else.”)
text: falling to earth like the Hindenberg, breaking apart. The only words that haven't been burned
dialog: away are: “Something Else.”
speaker_heading: WIDE-SHOT
text: Water cascades over the well-dressed crowd streaming for the exits in pandemonium.
scene_heading: MEDIUM-CLOSE ON JESSIE
text: who keeps playing through the mayhem. He won't give up the stage, and keeps playing
dialog: 
dialog: 120
text: “Freebird,” heroically, through the chaos. Fiery bits of banner and water cascade through frame.
text: ON DREW AND CLAIRE °
text: caught in the mayhem. People racing for air, and escaping the certain inferno. We are now in full
text: fiasco mode, a place where absurdity and danger reign supreme. “
speaker_heading: SHOTS OF GUESTS
text: scrambling for the exits. Rarely has a memorial made people strive so vividly to embrace life
speaker_heading: ON CONNIE
text: grabbing a high-school poster photo from an easel, slipping it under her arm and saving it froni
dialog: damage. '
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: helping a glazed Heather to an exit door. A Woman Dressed in Finery passes in haste. She’s
text: dripping wet, and somewhat anxious to get out of the place... but she clings to what’s real to her,
text: gocd manners. She grabs Drew’s arm and looks into his eyes before exiting quickly:
speaker_heading: WOMAN IN FINERY
dialog: Thank you for a lovely time.
text: Drew is separated from Claire. His voice-over returns — thoughtful and personal and informative.
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE
dialog: As a specialist in the field of last looks, this one was
dialog: pretty iconically Claire. .
speaker_heading: ON CLAIRE - eS
text: This is his last look at her. She looks over to Drew, says goodbye with her eyes, as she goes to
text: work proficiently directing frightened human traffic through the doors of the ballroom. This is her
text: greatest instinct, in full-bloom, aiding strangers in crisis. It already looks like a memory.
speaker_heading: ON CHUCK HASBORO
text: hauling ass toward Drew, with Cindy a few steps behind. They are both hysterically angry, as they
dialog: teach Drew.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I trusted you!
dialog: 
dialog: ~
dialog: &
dialog: 121
dialog: ‘
text: He shoves Drew violently, snapping him out of the reverie, interrupting the voice-over, and then
text: hitting him, knocking him into a row of easels featuring photos of his father. A fight breaks out
text: between them, as guests flee. It’s a melee within a melee.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: You ruined our wedding! Dude, I hope you have insurance!
text: All are separated by the sprinkler-drenched human traffic. As theme music continues: .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - MORNING . ‘
text: Drew stands at the front desk looking guilty. He already knows what's coming. Front Desk Girt
text: Charlotte examines the room costs on the computer screen-as she hums along on her keyboard. In
text: the background, the Chuck and Cindy wedding party has transferred outdoors for what appears to
dialog: be a beautiful day. She never stops typing. .
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Your bill is $53,212, which is -~
dialog: (nervous throat clear)
dialog: ~ beyond your credit limit, and...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Just go. Go. Leave now. Get out of here.
text: She motions to the door with her eyes. He exits furtively with bags and the Um under his arm.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY/THE FAMILY PLOT - LATER MORNING
text: The Elizabethtown cemetary. An absolutely beautiful day, the brightest day of the year. Only the
text: faithful few are here at the Baylor funeral. Charles Dean speaks with the portable stereo-system.
text: ‘What was once just a smali grassy space is festooned with flowers and color.
text: Jessie Baylor wears sunglasses, white shirt, a tie, and a Jong leather jacket. Samson, wearing a
text: helmet, stands near Drew. Staring Mona stares at Drew. Aunt Dora and Aunt Lena stand near,
text: Uncle Roy and Uncle Dale. Heather and Hollie stand near Bill Banyon. Hollie looks at Banyon.
text: They have all shared a crisis together. Everybody is in sunglasses and jackets. It was a long night.
text: Under a tent-awning, the open-casket rests with a flag, soaking in the last few moments of its life
text: above ground. Nearby is the Purple Urn. Drew looks down at the casket.
text: ON THE CASKET
text: It is empty save for some clippings... several medals... and, resting proudly on the perfect indigo
text: lining of a fine old casket from Louisville is The Blue Suit. Drew watches as Charles Dean swings
dialog: 
dialog: , 122
dialog: ngage-to mechanically lower the
text: coffin lowers... lowers... and then... it
text: the casket door downward and clamps it shut. Steel wheels e1
text: casket into the ground. The gears engage and turn, and the
text: catches. It is stuck.
text: ON FACES OF THE TIRED FAITHFUL FEW . :
text: Frozen, expectant, exhausted. °
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: who watches knowingly. It’s Funeral-Interruptus, all over again. Of course this wouldn’t be easy,
dialog: to the very end. :
speaker_heading: ON THE GEARS
text: which rumble back to life. ‘
speaker_heading: DREW
text: He’s grown oddly attached to that coffin... and the details of the man who was almost inside of it.
text: Drew is possessed with a strange feeling — he can’t bear for it to end, and he can’t bear for it to
dialog: continue. :
text: ON THE CASKET
text: which lands on the bottom of the grave with a thud.
speaker_heading: SHOVELS
text: of dirt cover the coffin,
text: ON THE FAITHFUL FEW
text: still lingering behind. Uncle Dale presents Drew with a final gift, a valuable military sword that
text: once belonged to Mitch. Dale unsheathes the mighty weapon to display it’s gleaming blade.
text: Drew stares at it, igniting him with a glint of purpose.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: T began to think about what would be hitting the
text: newsstands in just a few hours.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: {appreciatively)
dialog: Thank you. 1 know just where to put this.
dialog: 
dialog: 7 123
dialog: —_ .
text: Nox Jessie hugs Drew with great appreciation. He has blessed Jessie with attention, and it has made
text: him noble. Hollie hooks an arm around her son Privately:
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Cheer up. It’s only a funeral.
text: Drew and Heather regard their mother, who is clearly nurturing a new beginning. And it’s pretty
dialog: funny. ‘
speaker_heading: ON BANYON
text: back at the grave, crying like a baby.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: who struggles with a case of Ale-8 as he gets in the car. He takes a last look.
speaker_heading: ON SAMSON
text: and Drew’s gaze goes to the boy’s shoes. He’s wearing Spasmoticas.
scene_heading: ..« INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR- DAY
text: Drew straps in the Um. He’s assembled what he’ll need for the drive. An Ale-8, and Claire’s
text: wooden box. He opens it. Asa “map,” it’s a meticulous project made by a seasoned traveler,
text: filled with pages of writing and illustrations on easily-held notecards, with color-coded post-its and
text: map attachments, along with detailed footnotes.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
text: The route of Claire’s map — with accompanying
dialog: music — would take 42 hours and 11 minutes.
text: With utmost gravity, he loads CD # 1.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (reading her directions)
dialog: “Tum on ignition... “ .
text: He does so, looking back one last time. As car criss-cross, exiting, only Staring Mona is left on
text: the gravesite, with a small wave, with a slight gentle smile.
dialog: 
dialog: ~
dialog: e
dialog: .
scene_heading: - EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY ,
text: We're alongside Drew, consulting her directions.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: “Begin your journey and do not skip ahead.”
speaker_heading: THE BICYCLE KID
text: leads the car, escorting Drew out of town.
scene_heading: ON PASSING HOUSES
text: Drew’s last looks at Elizabethtown.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
text: She had laid out the entire road-trip, and timed it to
dialog: music she herself had put on CD’s...
scene_heading: ON THE BICYCLE KID
text: who watches Drew get on Highway 12 and leave town.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (reading her directions)
dialog: “Press play.”
text: He does so, as we hear rousing music.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The car speeds forward.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - DAY
text: He faces forward with steadfast determination.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE on
dialog: The songs, of course, were classic mix-tape songs...
dialog: about her, of course...
dialog: (bemused)
dialog: _.. and the rich flurry of our almost-romance...
scene_heading: ON PASSING EXIT SIGN - 60B
dialog: 
dialog: 128
text: ‘Drew regards his old friend, the troublesome exit, as it slips into his past. He looks at the mess of
text: information, the clipped pages of instructions and the color-coded post-its.
speaker_heading: ; DREW
dialog: _ (glumly, guy-to-guy, to ura)
text: Forty-two. hours of chick music.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: Tt was Sunday afternoon.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSSTAND ~ DAY
text: Drew moves across the newsstand until he finds the new issue of Modern Business Journal.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: And she had even provided music for what would
dialog: happen next. Down to the minute...
scene_heading: ON MODERN BUSINESS JOURNAL MAGAZINE
text: The new issue is on the stands. Another magazine has been carelessly placed on top of it. Drew
text: ) painfully pulls aside the covering magazine. The Modern Business Journal cover features only a
text: funereal black-rimmed portrait of the Spasmotica, and this electric word: FLASCO!
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: “You have five minutes to wallow in the delicious
dialog: misery. Enjoy it.. embrace it.. discard it...”
text: ON BACK OF DREW’S RENTAL CAR
text: moving out, leaving our camera behind. -
speaker_heading: DREW _*
dialog: “... and proceed.”
speaker_heading: THE MAP
text: in his hands.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (reading her words)
dialog: “Here is a river teading to the Mississippi.”
dialog: >
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: . i 26
scene_heading: ‘N= - SHOT SWIVELS
text: to see the beautifill river.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE ABOVE MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: Drew drops a pinch of ashes from an overpass, down into legendary waters.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: ‘The map was full of strange side-trips too. “This
dialog: is America,” she wrote, “and if everybody gets a .
dialog: vote where their Mitch gets buried, here are a few .
dialog: where my Mitch gets buried... or scattered. These
dialog: are treasures that J will share only with you...
scene_heading: ON A DINOSAUR PARK
text: in Carolina. Drew stands in the midst of these hand-made statues.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: “A dinosaur park built over thirty years by a
text: wt Christian sculptor who grappled with the story
dialog: of creation, and yet still built dinosaurs...
scene_heading: ON AN ORNATE DINOSAUR
text: full of ery detail.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: “though in a strict Scripture sense... dinosaurs
dialog: didn’t exist... this was his dilemma... those were
dialog: the hell-hounds on his particular trail...”
speaker_heading: ON JESUS STATUE
text: who welcomes all to the Dinosaur Park with arms outstretched.
speaker_heading: DREW ‘
dialog: What the hell. He liked dinosaurs.
text: Drew releases several more pinches of ashes.
dialog: 
scene_heading: “N INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
dialog: he
text: We sit with Drew in a restaurant, silent, facing out the window.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: “Pause for thirty minutes for the greatest chili
dialog: in the world.” we
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And in Memphis...
text: We hear Claire’s next musical selection, which offers soulful counterpoint to...
scene_heading: SHOTS OF MEMPHIS
scene_heading: ON LORRAINE MOTEL
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE’.
dialog: (reading her words)
dialog: “... the Lorraine Motel, the hotel balcony where Martin
dialog: Luther King drew his last breath...”
text: ~~ Drew scoops out more of the ashes from the Purple Um. (it’s still rather full.)
dialog: €
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY
text: Drew burns across the highway, heading West.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: “_. and, in a sentimental mood, you can’t leave out the
text: Survivor Tree in Oklahoma City... still standing after that blast.”
text: ON THE SURVIVOR TREE ,
text: The single tree is now 8 monument at the Oklahoma City Bombing memorial. Drew scoops out
text: another handful of ashes. And another handful. (The Um is stil/ very full.)
speaker_heading: THE MAP
text: Instrumental reprise of Claire’s theme.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - LATE NIGHT
text: Drew at the wheel. Driving, listening to another of her songs. Somehow on his late night, at this
text: “exact moment, the visual and the audio blend... and it sounds perfect. How did she knaw?
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE
dialog: But she would not break me down.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - LATE NIGHT
text: Drew brings a coffee cup to his mouth, and when it reaches his mouth... “ ie
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR —- EARLY MORNING .
text: Drew drives, sips. It’s early morning. Claire’s geographically correct selection — Glen Campbell’s
dialog: “Witchita Lineman.” “
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE - : -
text: Like a dime-store kaleidoscope, everything was
text: twisting into sharp focus.
scene_heading: ON PASSING SIGN
text: reading: Witchita, Kansas, In the background, the rolling Kansas landscape.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: Nee’ They say near the end, a killer can think of nothing
dialog: else but the act of killing. 1 stalked my prey and kept
dialog: him close, and back home, I would make my move.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR ~ DRIVING —- EARLY MORNING
text: He locks at the Um, riding alongside.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (plain truth, to Um)
dialog: You with your many almost great projects,
dialog: and me with my... fiasco.
speaker_heading: SHOT OF URN
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Both of us working so hard... for what?
dialog: 
dialog: 129
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: SHOT OF URN :
text: bouncing agreeably. .
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: We should have taken this trip years ago! . :
dialog: ' (beat, like a son) . '
dialog: Do you have any money? I’m scared to use my .
dialog: credit card ~
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: Drew’s road-dusted car pulls into a Kansas gas station.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - DAY .
text: Drew looks in his backpack and finds his father’s Brown Wallet. There is $120 inside. He takes .
dialog: sixty bucks.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Thanks Dad.
text: He takes a breath, and actually finally considers crying. He decides against it.
scene_heading: INT. SEVEN-ELEVEN - DAY a
text: Drew pays for gas. Feeling bad about spending his father’s last money, he turns to see two
text: awkward-looking Boys, about 12, standing at the counter with omate Slurpees. Drew’s eyes
text: travel down. Both wear Spasmotica shoes. Drew looks concerned. Is ita mirage?”
speaker_heading: WIDE - SHOT
text: The car continues against the sky, with music. Drew continues, road-weary and suspicious.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
text: In a mall in Kansas, the strangely similar sight was Tepeated.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - AFTERNOON ‘
text: Drew notices another pair of Spasmotica shoes walking the other way. Music continues.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
text: The Spasmotica had begun to appear like taunting
dialog: demons... wherever I went.
dialog: 
dialog: . "" 130
speaker_heading: ’
text: k "He sits, watching, puzzled.
speaker_heading: SHOTS OF SHOES
text: groups of feet, and the increasingly plentiful sight of Spasmoticas. Drew’s cell-phone rings.
speaker_heading: DREW, .
dialog: Helio?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. TAIWAN OFFICE MERCURY SHOES - NIGHT .
text: David Tan, Drew’s Taiwanese counterpart, is on the phone. (We see the top of his head.)
speaker_heading: DAVID TAN
dialog: Drew, it’s David Tan... listen to me... my heart is
dialog: beating so fast... 79% of the recalls were rejected
dialog: by 92% of the outlet stores in 72% of the global...
dialog: forget it, forget it... Twas re-instated this morming!
text: Drew sits listening to his manic and happy Taiwanese counterpoint.
speaker_heading: DAVID TAN
dialog: It’s a revolution, man!
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: (very serious, disbelieving)
dialog: The Spasmotica was finding love. Love in the hearts
dialog: of people... okay, mostly young kids.... who apparently
dialog: found my billion dollar, girlfriend destroying, global
text: merger wrecking, walking-on-a-cloud curiosity...
text: The shoes are everywhere. Drew stands, trying to process it all.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: ... profound.
speaker_heading: DAVID TAN
dialog: Can you hear me? They are recalling the recall.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ~ (dazed)
dialog: ) How’s the weather?
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: ‘131
speaker_heading: DAVID TAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Who knows, man. I'm walking on a cloud!
dialog: It’s a Spasmotica World! I’m going to. yell
dialog: for joy now, so get ready. AAARRRRRHH! :
text: Drew hangs up, stunned and almost delirious. He lingers a beat. It’s a curious sensation,
text: beginning in his chin, and slowly moving across his face. He begins to cry. It’s all coming qut_
text: now. He hugs a Stranger wearing the shoes.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Where did you find them? .
speaker_heading: MAN ‘
dialog: Tt wasn’t easy.
scene_heading: PASSING SHOT OF HUGE LANDSCAPE
text: Music continues.
scene_heading: INT. DREW’S RENTAL CAR - DAY
text: Drew takes big gulps of air as he drives, still crying. Looking over at the Purple Um. Trying to
dialog: read her map:
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: “Don’t get lost. Go to Exit 52A from 142C.
dialog: You are now entering Scottsbluff, Nebraska...
scene_heading: ON PASSING SIGN
dialog: reading: Scottsbluff, Nebraska. “Come Experience The Difference.”
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE
dialog: + where a fur trapper with a great name -- Hiram
dialog: Scott - gained immortality by dying, alone and
text: deserted by his companions...
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: parked again. Reading the map and her words carefully. He looks up at the very bluffs she’s
dialog: writing about.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: «at the base of a magnificent formation of
text: bluffs along the North Platte River in 1828.
speaker_heading: PASSING FORMATION
dialog: The bluffs are just as powerful as‘her words. ue . . we
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: “That was his cross to bear. But this many years later,
dialog: they’re all forgotten, and what’s left is what you see,
dialog: everything, named after the guy they abandoned...
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - DAY *
text: Drew stands at the spot.
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE
dialog: ... at this very spot.”
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hiram. Meet Mitch.
text: Drew spreads the most ashes yet.
scene_heading: EXT DREW’S RENTAL CAR — DAY
text: Ashes fly from the driver’s window, spraying against the sky.
scene_heading: INT, DREW’S RENTAL CAR - DRIVING - DAY
text: Drew drives.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: “Proceed to the The Second Largest Farmer’s Market in
dialog: the World, located on The Second Largest Country Store
dialog: in the World Boulevard, for some essentials for the rest of
dialog: your journey home. It should now be about 12:30.”
text: He looks at his watch. 2:30 pm. He’s late.
scene_heading: ON PASSING SIGN
dialog: “The Second Largest Farmer’s Market in the World.”
dialog: 
dialog: a)
dialog: 133
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND LARGEST FARMER'S MARKET IN THE WORLD - AFTERNOON
text: Drew pulls into the parking lot. The Farmer’s Market is three-stories, and one enormous block-
text: long. He looks at the latest installment of Claire’s instructions.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: Go to the Pet Area...
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: INT. SECOND LARGEST FARMER’S MARKET IN THE WORLD -AFTERNOON '
text: Drew walks forward. The Farmer’s Market is immense, a museum of Americana.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: “Look inside the book about Springer Spaniels, with a
dialog: yellow piece of paper, and your future directions.”
scene_heading: INT. PET AREA — AFTERNOON
text: Curiously, Drew reaches for the book about Springer Spaniels. A yellow note reads:
speaker_heading: DREW - -
dialog: Go to the Shoe Area. -
speaker_heading: ON HIS FEET
text: walking down the circular ramp to the Shoe Area.
scene_heading: INT. SHOE AREA ~ DAY
text: He enters the shoe area.
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE
text: “Find a pair of Spasmoticas on display, the last pair”
dialog: in town, and look inside...
text: He finds the pair of Spasmotica shoes on display, and looks inside.
speaker_heading: ON A POLAROID
text: of him in the Pet area a moment earlier. He know she’s close. He looks around. His adrenalin is
text: pumping. Js she here? Sbe has to be. He finds another note.
dialog: 
dialog: >)
dialog: 134
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: “Here you have reached a fork in the map. You can
dialog: go to your car and the rest of the directions will take
dialog: you home. Or... :
speaker_heading: POV : ;
text: He looks around. She’s nowhere in sight.
scene_heading: ON CIRCULAR STAIRCASE
text: running, looking for her.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE’
dialog: « | Jook for a girl in a red hat who’s waiting for
dialog: you with an altemate plan. ot :
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: Standing in the middle of the busy store. Where is she?
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE
dialog: “Your decision will affect your entire life, and
dialog: how you live it.” - :
text: He stands there in the crowded store, looking to the right and lefi- A red shawl. A red baseball
text: cap. A red shirt... none of them Claire.
speaker_heading: ON DREW
text: growing desperate to find her. He knows it now. He needs her, craves her with every breath in his
text: body. And yet... in the teeming humanity that surrounds him... nothing... ae
scene_heading: ON A SMALL COFFEE STAND - THE INSTANT
text: He sees her... or maybe it’s her. Ina seat at the bottom ofa small staircase. She sits in a red
text: wool hat, quietly facing away. He approaches behind her, and she turns.
speaker_heading: ON CLAIRE
text: looking at him, as if for the first time
dialog: 
dialog: 135
dialog: - .
text: kK Drew responds like a man awakening. He moves to her, and kisses her fiercely. He starts to speak
text: ". ina voice shaken with quiet emotion. His soul is filled with life. And she is curious and surprised
dialog: to hear these words coming from him.
speaker_heading: DREW -
dialog: I don’t know if Ben even existed. I don’t want to
dialog: know. I love you, Claire. A whole dark chapter
dialog: of my life is over now, because of you...
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE . .
text: as he kisses her, and they stand together in the crowded flow of life. .
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: ... you Tuined ail my plans, and 7 want to do the
dialog: same for you.
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE
dialog: No true fiasco ever began as a quest for mere
dialog: adequacy...
dialog: oe we
text: Suddenly we hear a huge, rocking soarof planes. And we break form to show the following”
text: glimpses of oddly unstoppable successes.
text: ON A FLEET OF BRITISH PLANES
text: thundering across the sky.
speaker_heading: DREW'S VOICE .
dialog: The motto of the British Special Service Air Force
dialog: is — “Those who risk, win.”
scene_heading: POV -- A DETERMINED PILOT
text: in the cockpit. Looking out at geography below.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE i
text: A single green vine-shoot is able to grow through
dialog: cement...
scene_heading: ON A TINY GREEN VINE
text: ) emerging through the smallest crack of inhospitable cement.
dialog: 
dialog: a)
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE .
text: The Pacific Northwestern Salmon beats itself
dialog: bloody on it’s quest to travel hundreds of miles
dialog: upstream, against the current, with a single purpose... a
dialog: sex, of course, but also... “oe
dialog: ‘
dialog: ON THE SALMON ' . ,
text: rumbling against the current, upstream.
speaker_heading: DREW’S VOICE
dialog: .. life. oe
text: As CREDITS begin to roll unobtrusively, we now hear a voice we haven’t heard before. _
dialog: Tetra,
speaker_heading: MAN’S VOICE ' :
dialog: That is quite a story... .
scene_heading: EXT. DREW’S APARTMENT - DAY
dialog: Drew’s apartment. soe
dialog: 
dialog: Title: Two Months Later
scene_heading: INT, DREW’S APARTMENT -- DAY os
text: We see how the apartment has changed. A woman’s touch is in evidence. A single Spasmoticg
text: poster remains, but in an entirely new context. : :
speaker_heading: DREW cee
dialog: Some more wine, Ben? . . x
text: And we see BEN, pleasant-looking, 28, offering a wine glass. Drew pours. Claire sits betwegn
text: them. Content and excited to be with both of them.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Thanks... that’s amazing... and that’s how you met.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: That’s how we met.
text: Claire rubs each of their arms, lovingly. Ben takes a last sip of wine.
dialog: 
dialog: rv)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: She’s very inspiring. But then — I’m partial.
dialog: I'm her brother.
dialog: (beat, confides)
dialog: She used me as protection for years. For every
dialog: guy on a plane who ever wanted to pick ber up.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Please. I threw myself at him.
text: Drew looks at Claire. Claire smiles to herself and looks down..
speaker_heading: : DREW
dialog: ‘And to think, on a dark night not so long ago,
dialog: J almost missed meeting both of you.,
text: Ben rises, and we see the exercise bike near the door.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, thanks for the exercise bike. Tanight
dialog: have a problem getting that to my car.
speaker_heading: . ) CLAIRE
dialog: _#_ (rising)
dialog: If it wasn’t this, it'd be something else.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Here, Pll help -
text: The three grapple with the unwieldy bicycle, now toothless and knife-free, attempting to find a way
text: to angle it through the narrow door. -
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: There’s got to be a way to get this out the
dialog: door? I mean, you got it in...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Here, try it at this angle --
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Okay, wait, I got it-
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Drew, you can’t do everything yourself —
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: “ Push to the left — wait, it’s slipping --
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: It’s alright, we have it —
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: 1 knew you guys would get along. ‘
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (with hands full)
dialog: You sure you want to give this up?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: —take it. I actually think it’s good luck.
text: Their conversation continues as they ease it out the door, credits continuing, and we hear them,
text: almost dropping that bike, narrowly avoiding disaster, off-screen now, laughing, as we...
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
