dialog: Elizabeth Blue
dialog: Screenplay By
speaker_heading: Vincent Sabella
dialog: And
dialog: Alfred D. Huffington
speaker_heading: CAST TABLE READ VERSION
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD HALLWAY - NIGHT 1
text: Florescent lighting illuminates the hallway of the ward. It’s
text: bright and stretches the entire length of the building.
text: The CAMERA moves down the hall. Up ahead, an ORDERLY
text: struggles with a PATIENT who is refusing to stand up.
text: A NURSE moves in to assist.
text: The CAMERA turns toward an open door marked ADMINISTRATION
text: OFFICE. We move into the office.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD OFFICE - NIGHT 2
text: The HEAD NURSE is standing at a filing cabinet - her fingers
text: flip through the files at lightning speed.
text: She is mumbling to herself about: “understaffed, underpaid,
text: feet hurting, lazy co-workers...", among other things.
text: The office is organized chaos. Files, papers, prescription
text: bottles and clip boards take over the surface of several work
dialog: stations.
text: In the background phones are ringing. Patients are yelling
text: for medications - but it’s secondary to the incessant ringing
dialog: of the phones.
text: The Head Nurse pulls a file and walks toward the multi-line
text: phone system that has been ringing off the hook.
text: She picks up each line as if working a telethon. The tone of
text: her voice is one of frustration, border-lining on rude - yet
text: she maintains a professional demeanor.
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE
dialog: Statewood Hospital, please hold.
dialog: (Another call.)
dialog: Statewood Hospital, please hold.
text: Another PHONE is ringing but this one is coming from
text: somewhere in the lobby.
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Another call.)
dialog: Statewood Hospital, please hold.
text: MARY, a FEMALE PATIENT comes up to the window. She stands
text: there, staring at the Head Nurse.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 2.
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Statewood, thank you for holding.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: Yes. Give me a moment and I’1l page
dialog: him, hold on.
text: The lobby phone rings.
text: The Head Nurse turns to an INTERCOM MICROPHONE. She presses
text: down on the base of it.
text: Her voice echoes over the dated speaker system.
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dr. Sanders you have a call on line
dialog: two. Dr. Sanders, please pick up
dialog: line two.
text: She turns to the Patient who has been staring at her through
text: the circular glass partition window. Without missing a beat-
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Firm. )
dialog: It’s not time for your medication
dialog: yet Mary. Go back to your room
dialog: .. now.
text: She unhappily walks away.
text: The lobby phone rings.
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Will someone please pick up the
dialog: phone?
text: Apparently no one is nearby. She picks up one of the calls on
text: hold.
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you for holding. Hi, yes I
dialog: have the patient file you’ve
dialog: requested. I’1ll bring it over to
dialog: you now.
text: She hangs up, takes a deep breath and makes her way out of
text: the office. We follow her out of the door, into the hallway,
text: which immediately opens into the lobby.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD LOBBY - NIGHT 3
text: A few chairs, a magazine rack, a glass encased bulletin board
text: and several fake plants are all the lobby consists of.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 3.
text: The cold, tiled flooring and bright lighting make this an
text: unappealing and sterile environment to say the least.
text: SEVERAL PATIENTS mill about.
text: The NURSE from a moment earlier is walking MARY, the female
text: patient, who was staring through the glass partition, in the
text: opposite direction.
text: A JANITOR mops around a Yellow “Wet Floor” sign” sitting in
text: the middle of the lobby.
text: We stay on the Head Nurse. She is walking toward 4 PAY PHONES
text: mounted side by side on the wall of the Ward Lobby. This is
text: the source of the ringing.
text: Underneath the phones, a counter top runs the length of them.
text: 4 wood chairs with a soft, padded seat are under the counter
text: top in front of each phone.
text: The Head Nurse points her finger at another ORDERLY
text: walking from the opposite hallway. His sleeves are rolled up,
text: his one arm is sporting a few TATTOOS.
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE
dialog: (Stern. )
dialog: Roll down your sleeves and get
dialog: these patients back into their
dialog: rooms before the evening medication
dialog: rounds please.
text: The Orderly quickly rolls down his sleeves and begins to
dialog: round up the patients.
text: Again, the phone rings, then-
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: (She picks up.)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: Yes, please hold.
text: She places the receiver on top of the phone, turns and walks
text: down the long stretch of hallway.
text: The CAMERA stays with her.
text: A PATIENT crosses in front of her just before she stops short
text: of an OPEN DOOR.
text: The Head Nurse pops her head in the door. From over her
text: shoulder we catch a glance of the TV. STATIC fills the
text: screen.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 4.
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Elizabeth. You have a phone call.
text: The Head Nurse keeps moving down the hallway. We stay with
text: her to a SECOND DOOR of the same room.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD COMMON ROOM - NIGHT 4
text: The CAMERA turns into the common room, PANNING down to the
text: floor, stopping just short of a COUCH. We don’t see much of
text: the room.
text: A moment later, the feet of ELIZABETH come down from the
text: couch, touching the floor. They are covered in thick, non-
text: slip hospital issued socks.
text: We stay on her feet as she stands, walks out of the room and
text: into the ward hallway.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD HALLWAY - NIGHT 5
text: Elizabeth's footsteps are light, almost silent as she walks
text: down the hall.
text: The CAMERA stays on her feet, following them in the direction
dialog: we just came from.
text: We follow Elizabeth's feet as she makes her way into the
text: lobby, toward the phones.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD LOBBY - NIGHT 6
text: Elizabeth takes a seat in front of the phone.
text: We stay TIGHT - revealing nothing more than Elizabeth's feet,
text: hands, legs, arms, fingers, ears, nose and lips. We never see
text: her entire face throughout the scene. From the various angles
text: we can see she is dressed in sweat pants and a baggy
text: sweatshirt.
text: Elizabeth picks up the phone but she does not answer it yet.
text: We are TIGHT on her fingers as Elizabeth plays with the cord,
text: intertwining it around her fingers - a nervous tick caused by
text: anxiety. It’s almost as if she doesn’t want to speak too
dialog: whomever is on the call.
text: We can’t help but notice the black rubber hair band wrapped
text: around her wrist.
text: She sits with her right knee up, her other foot planted on
text: the floor. She finally brings the phone to her ear.
dialog: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16
text: We PAN UP just enough - exposing Elizabeth’s chin and mouth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: Hi Lizzy.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Mom, please don’t call me Lizzy.
text: Carol’s tone shifts to one of annoyance.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: Sorry. How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I have news.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: What kind of news Elizabeth?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m going home tomorrow.
text: Carol’s tone changes from annoyed to tolerant - cautious
dialog: even.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: That's wonderful honey. I ...I wish
dialog: I was able to be there but your
dialog: Stepsister has her piano recital
dialog: and Richard is coaching Thomas..
dialog: She could care less
text: Elizabeth cuts her off mid sentence.
dialog: about her Mother’s new family and life.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s okay Mom. Grant’s picking me
text: up.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: And he’s moving in.
dialog: Once again you can hear the tone change in her Mother’s
text: voice. It’s a mixture of confusion and concern.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: He is? That’s, um ...well...
dialog: (Clears her throat.)
dialog: Am I ever going to meet him?
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 6.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Mom, do you really want me to get
dialog: into the reasons why you haven't
dialog: met Grant?
dialog: (She bites at one of her
dialog: fingernails.)
dialog: I’m going home tomorrow. I have a
dialog: new doctor. We start sessions next
dialog: week. I plan on getting well Mom. I
dialog: want to have a life and be as
dialog: normal as possible.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: That’s great sweetheart, but...
text: Elizabeth cuts her off again. Her tone becomes agitated.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No buts Mom. I don’t want to be
dialog: upset or have feelings of
dialog: resentment toward you anymore but
dialog: right now I need to focus on what's
dialog: best for me.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: I just don't want you taking your
dialog: mental health lightly. Moving in
dialog: with someone is a big deal
dialog: Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I know that.
dialog: Elizabeth is trying hard not to let her Mother spoil the
text: moment but the foot tapping, nail biting and skin scratching
text: tell us otherwise. She is full of anxiety and annoyance now.
text: She takes a deep breath - raising her hand to her neck,
text: gripping it as if she were gasping for air or trying to choke
text: herself. It’s hard to tell.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: I'll try to make a trip up from San
dialog: Diego soon.
text: Elizabeth bites her lip in thought.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you there Elizabeth?
dialog: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m here.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Grant asked me to marry him and I
dialog: said yes.
text: There is a long silence.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: I’m here.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You’re not happy?
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: It’s just.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: I had a very different idea of what
dialog: I thought your life would be. But,
dialog: you’re a 30 year old woman and you
dialog: can make your own choices.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He makes me happy.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: Then that’s all ...that matters.
text: It becomes uncomfortably silent, then-
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (In a hurry.)
dialog: I have to go. Your Step sister just
dialog: knocked over ...a bowl. I’1l see
dialog: you soon. Gotta run.
text: Before Elizabeth can say anything else-
text: CLICK! The phone hangs up.
text: The phone still to her ear-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Sure Mom...
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 8.
text: Elizabeth lets the phone move down the side of her face,
text: gently leaning her chin on it. She then releases the phone,
text: letting it dangle from the cord.
text: She removes the black hair band from her wrist and sloppily
text: ties her hair up.
text: She stands, takes a deep breath, then defiantly SLAMS the
text: phone down onto the receiver and we-
text: CUT TO: BLACK
text: “ELIZABETH BLUE”
text: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 7
text: The studio apartment is small and clean with a mixture of
text: mismatched furniture and knickknacks.
text: We PAN around the room revealing the lay out.
text: A FUTON SOFA BED with matching END and COFFEE TABLES sit
text: opposite a small FLAT SCREEN TV inside a WOOD TV CABINET.
text: There are three small WINDOWS with WHITE WOOD BLINDS in the
text: main living area.
text: A ROUND TABLE with two chairs sits just outside the small
text: kitchen nook.
text: A small WOOD DESK covered with a stack of books, a
text: manuscript, pens, pencils, ruler and a high lighter sit off
text: in another corner.
text: Left over CHINESE FOOD containers and two paper plates with
text: plastic ware are on the coffee table.
text: The sound of KEYS are heard, then - the door swings open.
text: ELIZABETH steps into the apartment - exposing her face for
dialog: the first time.
dialog: She is a rare combination of beauty and innocence but her
text: face wears a deep sadness and underlying pain.
text: She is wearing black tights and a baggy sweatshirt that
text: despite itself, outlines her slender body.
text: She holds a BACKPACK in her left hand. Her big, gentle eyes
text: move across the room, taking it all in. By the expression on
text: her face, it’s as if it all seems unfamiliar. Just then-
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 9.
text: GRANT enters. He stands tall and handsome. He possesses a
text: natural warmth and charm. He is emotionally strong,
dialog: compassionate and filled with unconditional love for
dialog: Elizabeth.
text: Grant walks up behind her, kissing her neck.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Give me your bag babe, I’11 unpack
dialog: for you.
text: Elizabeth circles back around and quickly shuts the door.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No I’m okay. I’m going to take a
dialog: shower and throw this stuff in the
text: dirty clothes.
text: She indicates the contents of her backpack.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Okay. I’1l be right here. I’1l give
dialog: you some alone time to get settled.
dialog: Can I get you anything?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Tea?
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: Coming right up.
text: He leans in, kisses her forehead. He walks out of frame
text: toward the small kitchen.
text: Elizabeth stands there for what feels like an eternity -
text: taking in her place.
text: She looks to the right of her - staring blankly. She walks
text: out of frame.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S BATHROOM - DAY
text: The dark room turns bright by the flick of a switch.
text: We are TIGHT on Elizabeth’s hand as she closes the bathroom
text: door knob.
text: Elizabeth steps in front of her bathroom mirror. She stands
text: there looking back at herself in the reflection.
text: CLOSE ON the SHOWER HEAD as a burst of water sputters out
text: from weeks of being still. Elizabeth’s hand reaches in to
dialog: test the temperature.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 10.
text: Elizabeth looks over her shoulder as if she heard something.
text: She does a double take before sliding out of her clothes.
text: She steps into the shower, quickly pulling the shower door
text: closed. She’s feeling paranoid.
text: The warm water hits her body. The expression on her face is a
text: mixture of relief and angst. She takes a long, deep breath
text: then sticks her head under the running water. She is
text: beautiful and broken all at once.
text: The muffled sound of a tea kettle can be heard whistling from
text: the kitchen.
speaker_heading: GRANT (0.C.)
dialog: Babe, tea is ready.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay, I’1l be right out.
text: Elizabeth continues to stand in the shower - in her own
text: world. She feels safe enclosed in the shower.
text: Suddenly a feeling of nervousness overcomes her again. Her
text: body shudders from a chill. She doesn't feel alone in the
dialog: bathroom.
text: She looks behind her. She mumbles to herself - trying to
text: remain calm but paranoia is getting the best of her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (Quick and muffled.)
dialog: It’s okay, it’s okay, it’s okay,
dialog: it’s okay.
text: She turns the water off, then on again, then off again. When
text: she is sure it’s off she quickly steps out of the shower.
text: She grabs a worn-in bathrobe hanging on the back of the
text: bathroom door - quickly holding it up in front of herself as
dialog: if hiding her naked body from someone.
text: Elizabeth places the robe to her nose - smelling it.
text: Something about this is oddly calming to her. She stands for
text: a moment - embracing the robe.
text: Elizabeth puts the robe on - tying it tightly around her
text: waist. Her small frame is devoured by the oversized terry-
text: cloth. She grabs a towel hanging on a near-by rack and begins
text: to dry her hair.
text: The tea kettle continues to scream from the kitchen while she
text: stares at her reflection - gently patting her face dry.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 11.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 9
text: Elizabeth and Grant are sitting on opposite sides of the
text: couch. She is still in her bathrobe - a cup of tea gripped in
text: her hands. She is staring into it.
text: The containers of old Chinese food remain in the same spot on
text: the coffee table. Grant points to it.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I didn’t throw it out. I figured we
dialog: could heat it up and share.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You read my mind. I’ve been craving
dialog: month old Chinese food.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Awesome. I knew it.
text: He’s happy to see her and it shows.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Drink your tea.
text: Elizabeth moves toward him, leaning her back against him.
text: Grant places his arm around her.
text: Elizabeth takes a sip of her tea.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Good?
text: Elizabeth manages a smile.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Feel good to be home?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I never want to go back to that
dialog: place.
text: They sit in silence for a moment, then-
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: When do you want to go over your
dialog: new medications? We should do that
dialog: before your next doctor's
dialog: appointment.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Tomorrow. I just need to be with
dialog: you right now and not think.
dialog: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Sure babe.
text: Grant caresses her arm and shoulder.
text: The remainder of their conversation seems like
dialog: more joy to it but with Elizabeth her thoughts
dialog: heavy.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What did your friends say when you
dialog: told them you were moving in with
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: They said, can we help you pack?
dialog: 12.
dialog: it should have
dialog: are always
text: Elizabeth gives Grant “a look” from over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: All joking aside, everyone is
dialog: really happy for us.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That’s nice to hear. Did you choose
dialog: a best man?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Nah. I’1l figure it out when the
dialog: time comes. My buddies are placing
dialog: bets to see who I pick.
text: Elizabeth is deep in thought, then-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I told my Mother.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: How'd that go?
text: Elizabeth sits up and places her tea on the coffee table. She
text: ties her hair back in a loose knot.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Sarcastic. )
text: It was a conversation filled with
dialog: grief and disappointment. So all
dialog: and all I'd say it went pretty
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Do you think she’1ll meet me before
dialog: we get married?
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 13.
text: Elizabeth looks straight ahead at nothing in particular.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I don’t know.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: And I honestly don’t care.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You care. It’s your Mother, I know
dialog: you care. You can pretend to be
dialog: tough all you want Elizabeth but I
dialog: know you better than you know
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Sarcastic, yet playful.)
dialog: You think you know me, huh?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I know so.
text: She stares into his eyes.
text: He pulls her tight. Their foreheads meet.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you better than you know
dialog: yourself.
text: Elizabeth swallows hard. She loves this man so much.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Yeah. And you know what else?
text: She softly shakes her head.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s no one else’s plate I’d
dialog: rather steal food from - so let’s
dialog: eat because I’m starving.
text: She laughs - gives him a playful hit.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I hate that! Why do you do it?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What? Steal food off your plate?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes!
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 14.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (Thoughtful Beat.)
dialog: Because I want what you have.
text: A warm smiles fills her face. They embrace. They remain
text: locked in one another’s arms on the sofa.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: NOTEBOOK - INSERT 10
text: CLOSE on the Notebook. We are TIGHT on Elizabeth’s HAND. She
text: is holding a FELT MARKER PEN. The pen glides across the page.
text: We pull back to reveal the words:
dialog: “Somebody’s getting married...”
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM —- MORNING 11
text: Streaks of SUNLIGHT seep through the blinds into Elizabeth’s
text: apartment but not enough to remove the somber feeling.
text: Elizabeth sits at the round table just outside the kitchen.
text: Her legs crossed Indian style. A glass of water and an empty
text: bowl with a spoon sticking out of it rest on the table.
text: The notebook and pen lay on the table in front of her. She
text: stares straight ahead - lost in her thoughts.
text: Elizabeth's eyes twitch, her head shakes ever so slightly.
text: She places her face in her hands.
text: SUDDENLY, a mixture of indistinguishable VOICES begin to fill
text: her head. They are soft, overlapping and very present. Among
text: the chatter we can barely make out the voice of TIM. This is
dialog: a hallucination we will hear from again.
speaker_heading: TIM (V.0O.)
dialog: He’s never going to marry you.
text: A VISIBLE CHILL causes Elizabeth’s body to shutter. She rubs
text: her neck and arms quickly to relieve the sensation. A deep
text: strain fills her face. She grips the bridge of her nose with
text: her thumb and index finger, massaging in tiny circles.
text: The VOICES are dissolving but still present.
text: Elizabeth covers her ears and places her head down - her
text: forehead touching the pad on the table.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 15.
text: She lets out a faint sigh and whispers to herself.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Please leave me alone.
text: Elizabeth keeps her eyes planted on the pad. We follow her
text: eyes to the pen.
text: Her hand comes into frame - picking up the pen. She raises
text: her head and begins to write frantically in different
text: directions, rotating the notebook in the process.
text: CLOSE on the Notebook-
dialog: -Mrs. O'Neil
text: She rotates the notebook.
dialog: -Mrs. Grant O’Neil
text: She rotates the notebook.
dialog: -Mrs. Elizabeth 0’Neil
text: She rotates the notebook.
dialog: -Mrs. Elizabeth Grant 0’Neil
text: She rotates the notebook.
dialog: -Mrs. Grant Elizabeth 0’Neil
text: She rotates the notebook but before she writes again we hear-
speaker_heading: GRANT (0.C.)
dialog: You know some people might consider
dialog: that a compulsive behavior.
text: Without looking up, Elizabeth manages an anxiety ridden
text: smile.
text: Grant takes a seat at the table opposite her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Well dear sir, as you may already
dialog: know, among my many issues, I am
dialog: also obsessive compulsive and
dialog: currently on medication for it.
text: Grant looks at the notebook.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Umm, yeah. Looks like the meds are
dialog: really doing their job.
dialog: (MORE )
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 16.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: What medication is that again? 350
dialog: milligrams of it’s not working?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No jerk. It’s called Luvox ...and I
dialog: actually think it’s the only
dialog: medication that’s working.
text: She looks down, picks up her pen and taps it three times on
text: the notebook. TAP! TAP! TAP!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: This is more my anxiety than
dialog: obsessiveness.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Did you take anything?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, I don’t like the Ativan. It
dialog: makes me itchy. It must be some
dialog: weird side effect.
text: Grants responds sarcastically under his breath.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Or you have a rash.
text: Elizabeth dips her fingers into the glass of water and flicks
text: a splash at him.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What, are you going to melt?
text: Grants smiles - takes a moment.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We need to go over your
dialog: medications.
text: Elizabeth goes back to doodling on the notebook.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It’s important.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes Grant.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 17.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Don’t “yes me” Elizabeth. You said
dialog: last night we would go over them
dialog: today. I wanna have a handle on it
dialog: before we meet with Dr. Bowman.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Agitated. )
dialog: Please don’t start with me.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I’m not starting. I just don’t take
dialog: your mental health lightly.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Oh what and I do? You sound like my
dialog: Mother.
text: Before he can respond, Elizabeth slams the pen down and
text: storms out of the room.
text: OFF CAMERA, from the other room, we hear her mumbling to
dialog: herself about “everyone telling her what to do”, tired of
dialog: being treated like a child", among other things. Then - a
text: cabinet opens then SLAMS closed. Grant sits quietly staring
text: down at the table.
text: She returns a few moments later holding a basket filled with
text: PILL BOTTLES. She dumps them all over the table and sits
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.C.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Fine! Lets do it now! Here
dialog: ..-happy?
text: Grant appears hurt by her outburst. Slowly his expression
text: changes to a grin. He looks at all of the pills.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Any of these treat rotten bitch
dialog: syndrome?
text: Elizabeth gives him a “look”.
text: A moment of regret crosses her face for the way she reacted.
text: She begins picking up the pill bottles, lining them up in a
text: row, Side-by-side on the table. Among the various pill
text: bottles there is also a DAILY PLASTIC PILL CASE.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: (Cautiously. )
dialog: Sooo ...besides the anxiety, how do
dialog: you feel?
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 18.
text: Elizabeth keeps her head down - her long hair draping over
text: her face as she flips open the plastic lid on each day of the
dialog: pill case.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay, I guess.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Are you hearing?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I was, a little. Not too bad.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Are they here now?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
text: Grant moves her hair behind one of her ears
text: hand under her chin, tilting her head up to
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Hey ...I love you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I love you too.
dialog: Without saying another word, one by one she
dialog: then places his
dialog: make eye contact
text: opens the pill
text: bottles and begins to place a pill from each bottle into the
text: daily pill case. As she continues to do this Grant can see
text: she is getting overwhelmed. He extends his hand and places it
text: on the table.
text: Elizabeth reaches for it. We hold tight on them. Nothing is
dialog: said. Nothing needs to be.
scene_heading: NOTEBOOK - INSERT
text: CLOSE on the Notebook:
dialog: “Somebody get some flowers..
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S LOBBY - DAY
text: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 12
dialog: ”
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 13
text: We are CLOSE on a beautiful bouquet of flowers. As we pull
text: back we reveal-
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 19.
text: Elizabeth and Grant sitting on a sofa side by side in the
text: Psychiatrist’s office.
text: Seated across from them is a WOMAN - her head buried in a
dialog: magazine.
text: An enclosed office with a counter top separates the lobby
text: from the waiting area.
text: TWO FEMALE STAFF MEMBERS can be seen behind the opposite side
text: of the counter.
text: To the left, there is a large light wood, unmarked double
text: door.
text: The waiting area is comfortable and inviting. A striped,
text: brightly colored rug and wood coffee table sit in the middle
text: of the room.
text: Spread across the top of the table are magazines fanned out
text: with all the latest headlines.
text: Elizabeth reaches for one of the magazines, sits back and
text: begins to flip through the pages. It more of a distraction.
text: She isn’t really looking at the pages. She takes a deep
text: breath, her nerves and anxiety are getting to her.
text: Grant notices how tense she is. He references a tabloid
text: magazine on the table with the headline: “Another Celebrity
dialog: Sex Tape Scandal”.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Maybe we should make a sex tape.
text: Elizabeth forces a grin. It’s the best she can muster at the
text: moment. Just then, the double doors open.
text: DR. BOWMAN stands in the doorway. He is wearing an expensive
text: shirt, silk tie and slacks pressed to perfection. He is
text: holding a medical file. He greets Elizabeth with a welcoming
text: smile.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Elizabeth?
text: Elizabeth nods.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m Doctor Bowman. Please, come in.
text: She and Grant stand. Grant walks into his office, followed by
dialog: Elizabeth.
text: Dr. Bowman closes the door behind them.
dialog: 14
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 20.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S OFFICE - DAY 14
text: The office is large and bright. The room is painted a cool,
text: baby blue that makes you feel immediately at ease.
text: A large, slightly elevated window covered by thick, vertical
text: blinds allows just enough sunlight in, giving the room a warm
dialog: feel.
text: A stylishly upholstered couch, flanked by two antique end
text: tables with a wood and metal coffee table are to the left of
text: the door.
text: To the far end of the office - warm wood furnishings
text: comprised of Dr. Bowman’s desk, leather desk chair and
text: bookcase are neatly organized. His medical degrees are
text: beautifully framed above his desk.
text: Dr. Bowman makes his way toward a comfy chair on the opposite
text: side of the coffee table, across from the couch.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: I’ve heard a lot about you from Dr.
dialog: Sanders Elizabeth. It’s nice to
dialog: finally meet you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s nice to meet you too Dr.
dialog: Bowman. This is my fiance, Grant.
text: Dr. Bowman takes a seat across from Elizabeth and Grant. He
text: smiles tightly, a slight squint in his eye. His demeanor is
text: calm and direct, yet soft and warm. His voice smooth and
dialog: soothing.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: (Gestures to couch.)
dialog: Please, have a seat.
text: Elizabeth and Grant sit on the couch. Throughout the
text: conversation Elizabeth often appears distant, guarded and
text: occasionally defensive - even sarcastic at times.
text: Dr. Bowman takes a moment to review her medical file.
text: Elizabeth sits quietly holding Grant’s hand. She looks up at
text: the window, momentarily gazing off.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I see here you’re currently on
dialog: Haldol for the schizophrenia.
text: Elizabeth reverts her attention back to Dr. Bowman.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 21.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: How is that working for you?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I hate it. Between the headaches,
dialog: difficulty peeing and the muscle
dialog: stiffness I feel like it’s making
dialog: me feel crazier than I am. And with
dialog: all of the other pills, the dry
dialog: mouth is enough to make me want to
text: scream.
text: Dr. Bowman removes a pen from his pocket and makes a note in
dialog: her file.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: All very sexy side effects I might
dialog: add.
text: She nudges him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Shut up.
text: Dr. Bowman looks in Grant’s direction.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: How long have you been on the
dialog: Haldol now?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Dr. Sanders put me on it as soon as
dialog: I was admitted into Statewood, so
dialog: about 5 weeks now.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: And before that I see you were on
dialog: Seroquel. But it doesn’t mention
dialog: why the change.
text: Elizabeth looks down.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I was escorted out of a grocery
dialog: store for getting into an argument
dialog: with a Fireman - who wasn’t
dialog: actually there.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: So you were hallucinating?
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 22.
text: She nods her head. The questions are beginning to make her
text: nervous. She becomes visibly anxious and fidgety - nail
text: biting, hand rubbing, foot tapping and scratching. It’s
text: subtle but very apparent.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The Police were called and I was
dialog: taken to the hospital.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: And is that the first time you
dialog: received in-patient treatment?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes. Well, no. I’ve been in and out
dialog: of hospitals over the years but
dialog: those were voluntary and mostly for
dialog: evaluation.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Would you say you have seen a
dialog: change in certain behaviors in
dialog: recent years?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'd say it started getting worse a
dialog: little over a year ago.
text: Dr. Bowman makes another note in her file.
text: She turns to Grant.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Not long before we first started
dialog: dating. Lucky you.
text: Grant’s expression is one of complete support.
text: Dr. Bowman looks in Grant’s direction again.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: And while under the care of Dr.
dialog: Sanders he took you off of the
dialog: Seroquel and placed you on the
dialog: Haldol for your schizophrenia.
text: He flips through her file, reviewing her history.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And I also see here that you’re
dialog: currently taking Luvox for your OCD
dialog: and Ativan for anxiety.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 23.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: And other than the side effects you
dialog: mentioned, do you feel that this
dialog: current combination of medications
dialog: is working for you?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No. I hate the Ativan. It makes me
dialog: itchy.
text: Dr. Bowman looks back down at her file. He is making notes
text: while reading others. His eyes remain in the file.
text: Elizabeth begins PETTING “something” on the couch beside her.
text: It’s subtle, understated but very real to her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: And the Haldol isn’t working
dialog: either. I’m still hearing voices
dialog: almost every day. I feel like the
dialog: Luvox is the only thing working but
dialog: it’s not 100%.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: And did you tell all of this to Dr.
dialog: Sanders?
text: Elizabeth is becoming visibly upset.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: And what did he say?
text: Dr. Bowman looks up at her. He notices the petting for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Give it time. I did. It’s not
dialog: working.
text: Elizabeth catches herself petting. She becomes self-
text: conscious, pulling her hand away and clasping them tightly
text: against her chest to keep them occupied.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: Sometimes I see raccoons.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 24.
text: She looks toward the imaginary raccoon.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I can’t help myself but pet them.
dialog: I’m really sorry.
text: She looks down, momentarily embarrassed. Grant comforts her.
text: Dr. Bowman smiles warmly. He makes another note in her file,
text: then leans forward - his tone reassuring.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: It’s perfectly okay Elizabeth. You
dialog: don’t have to apologize to me for
dialog: anything. Mental illness doesn’t
dialog: need to be treated like a dirty
dialog: secret. This is a safe environment.
dialog: No one is going to judge you here.
text: She looks up at him. For the first time Elizabeth feels at
text: ease in Dr. Bowman’s presence.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I need a doctor who will listen to
dialog: me. Not just medicate me.
text: Her comment strikes a cord.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Tell me a little about yourself
dialog: Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Umm, well. I’m 30 and ...I‘’m
dialog: getting married soon.
text: She smiles and leans into Grant.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I'd like to get back to work but I
dialog: want to make sure I’m, you know,
dialog: capable enough.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m a book editor ...was.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Stressful work?
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 25.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It can be. You have to have all of
dialog: your wits about you. You’re being
dialog: trusted with editing someone's
dialog: work. So cutting too deep or making
dialog: the wrong edits would be bad.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Yes, I suppose that could be a
dialog: challenge.
text: They share a smile.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: So what do you think Doc?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, what do you think?
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: (Reflective, yet
dialog: confident.)
dialog: I think I can help you Elizabeth.
dialog: Based on your mental health history
dialog: I believe with the proper
dialog: combination of medication and
dialog: psychotherapy you can have a
dialog: significant improvement to your
dialog: quality of life. Give me a moment.
text: Dr. Bowman walks out of the office.
text: Elizabeth looks at Grant. He gives her a reassuring smile.
text: Dr. Bowman returns a moment later holding a SAMPLE of Pills
text: and a prescription pad.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: I’m going to start you on something
dialog: called Invega. Have you been on
dialog: this before?
text: She shakes her head no.
text: He hands her the sample, takes a seat and writes in his
dialog: prescription pad.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to start you at a low dose.
dialog: 3 milligrams daily. That way we
dialog: have room to go up.
dialog: (MORE )
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 26.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And for the anxiety, even though
dialog: itchiness is a highly unusual side
dialog: effect associated with Ativan, I
dialog: want you to start taking Klonopin -
dialog: once in the morning and once at
dialog: night to help balance out the
text: anxiousness.
text: He hands her the prescription.
text: Elizabeth manages a nervous smile.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay.
text: She stares at the prescription in her hand.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: I'd like you to continue with the
dialog: Luvox but let’s increase the dose
dialog: to 300 milligrams per day. Once in
dialog: the morning and once at night, same
dialog: as the Klonopin. I believe this is
dialog: a very good start. Do you have any
dialog: questions for me?
text: Grant looks at Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Babe? You have any questions for
dialog: the Doctor?
text: She snaps out of her daze - looks up at Grant.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
text: Dr. Bowman looks at Grant, then back to Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Okay then. I’1l see you next week
dialog: for a follow up, okay?
text: Elizabeth bites her lip and rubs her legs with both hands as
dialog: if she were trying to start a fire.
text: She stands. So does Grant.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay.
dialog: Dr. Bowman Stands.
dialog: 15
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 27.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: And don’t hesitate to call me if
dialog: you have any adverse side effects
dialog: or if any other extreme behaviors
dialog: occur.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Like what?
scene_heading: INT. - ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 15
text: We are TIGHT on Elizabeth’s face. Total silence but then, the
text: room begins to fill with the sounds of a soft RUMBLE. It
text: sounds like a TRAIN on tracks in the distance quickly
text: approaching.
text: Elizabeth opens her eyes wide. She listens intently. A TRAIN
text: HORN blows. The train is getting closer. She looks around,
dialog: then-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Soft but frantic.)
dialog: Do you hear that? Do hear that? Do
dialog: hear that? Do you hear that?
text: The sound of the train is growing louder - it’s very close
text: now. Elizabeth’s face is filled with pure panic. She lays
text: frozen on the sofa.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: The train is coming. The train is
text: coming. The train is coming.
text: SUDDENLY, the entire room is filled with the SOUNDS of a
speaker_heading: LOCOMOTIVE.
text: Elizabeth leaps up. Her voice raises, trying to shout above
dialog: the train.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: THE TRAIN IS COMING!
text: Grant is jolted awake. He leaps up but not before Elizabeth
text: bolts into the kitchen.
text: The CAMERA follows tight behind her, through the kitchen out
text: the other side and back into the living room in one-fluid
text: movement. All the while she is frantically repeating, over
dialog: and over and louder and louder-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: The train is coming. The train is
text: coming. The train is coming.
dialog: 16
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 28.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Elizabeth there’s no train. Calm
text: down. There’s no train.
text: Elizabeth looks around in a frantic state. She is desperately
text: trying to figure out which direction the train is coming
dialog: from.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: The TRAIN Grant. IT’S SO LOUD.
text: She places her hands over her ears.
text: Grant is trying his best to calm her down.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Elizabeth! Listen to me. There’s no
dialog: train. Look at me! Look at me!
text: Elizabeth pushes him away and frantically screams-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: GET AWAY FROM ME! GET AWAY! THE
dialog: TRAIN IS COMING!
text: Without thinking, Grant SLAPS Elizabeth across the face.
text: EVERYTHING GOES DEAD QUIET - except for their breathing.
text: Elizabeth is in a daze from the slap.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Baby ...I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean
dialog: it. I didn’t mean it. I’m so sorry.
dialog: I didn’t know what else to do...
text: Grant is panting. He looks white as ghost - he is trembling.
text: He embraces Elizabeth - fighting back tears.
text: Her eyes are empty. Grant slowly rocks her. They stand in
text: complete silence.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: NOTEBOOK - INSERT 16
text: CLOSE on the Notebook:
dialog: “Somebody get a ring...”
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 17
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 29.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S BATHROOM - DAY 17
text: The CAMERA is facing the tiled bathroom floor. The song,
dialog: “Today I Met The Boy I’m Going To Marry” by Darlene Love is
dialog: playing.
text: The CAMERA glides across the floor, panning up the side of
text: the bathtub, revealing-
text: Elizabeth sitting in the tub. It’s filled almost to the top.
text: The expression on her face is blank. Empty. Her hair wet and
text: pulled back from her face.
text: The CAMERA moves above her just as she slides into the tub
text: submerging her entire head under the water.
text: Elizabeth's eyes are wide open yet she appears lifeless. We
text: continue to hear the song but it’s muffled.
text: Her hair dances around her face. She remains under the water
text: for what feels like an eternity.
text: She raises her head above the water, folds her knees to her
text: chest wrapping her arms tightly around her legs - griping
text: them close. Her face is resting on her knees, hidden by her
text: hair.
text: The tips of Elizabeth's hair gracefully touch the water -
text: dancing like a ballerina in a field of flowers.
text: She lifts her head, extending her neck back like a giraffe.
text: Looking upwards, toward the ceiling.
text: Her head back, her mouth open, her eyes blood shot.
speaker_heading: GRANT (0.C.)
dialog: Babe?
dialog: The SONG STOPS!
text: Elizabeth turns her head, resting it on top of her knees.
text: Grant walks into frame sitting down on the floor beside the
text: tub. He lays his head down on the edge of the tub - his cheek
text: squashed, his eyes sad.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: You been in here a long time.
text: Grant pushes her hair out of her face, tucking it behind her
text: ear. The CAMERA follows as his finger tips glide with care.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I get you anything?
dialog: 18
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 30.
text: Elizabeth shakes her head ever so slightly.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you take your pills?
text: Elizabeth nods.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. I’1l give you some space.
text: She stares blankly. He reaches to stroke her head but his
text: hand stops just above it - trembling, before he retracts it.
text: Grant stands and walks out.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - EVENING 18
text: Elizabeth is laying on the couch in sweats and a T-shirt,
text: staring at the ceiling - in a daze.
text: Grant enters. He is sweating, hyper and excited. He kneels
text: down beside her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Get up. Get dressed. It’s December.
text: Her facial expression emanates her state of mind - worn out,
text: run down, no sign of hope.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I was jogging and I passed that
text: empty lot on the corner and it’s
dialog: filled with Christmas trees. Let’s
dialog: go buy one.
dialog: Elizabeth could care less.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It doesn’t feel like Christmas.
text: Grant is like a 10 year-old boy right now.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It’s Los Angeles, it never feels
dialog: like Christmas. Come on. PLEASE!
dialog: Let’s go, get up.
dialog: She agrees but only so he’1ll shut up.
dialog: 19
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 31.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay, okay.
text: Elizabeth walks past Grant, walking toward the bathroom.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Hurry up.
text: He smacks her on the ass as she walks past.
text: Despite herself, she smiles as she walks out of frame.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.C.)
dialog: Okay, okay, you’re so annoying
dialog: sometimes.
text: Grant smiles, but it’s forced.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRISTMAS TREE LOT —- EVENING 19
text: Grant and Elizabeth stroll through the lot, flanked by
text: Christmas trees on either side of them. The only light is
text: coming from the strand of Christmas tree lights that zigzag
text: above the entire lot. We stay TIGHT on Grant and Elizabeth
text: while they walk.
text: OTHER CUSTOMERS roam about but they are like a blur in the
text: background.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What kind of tree do you want?
text: Elizabeth shrugs her shoulders.
text: Before Grant can respond a LITTLE BOY (5), with the face of a
text: cherub, runs in front of Grant and Elizabeth. He trips and
dialog: falls.
text: Elizabeth and Grant quickly react, kneeling down to pick him
text: up. As he stands, the Boy brushes dirt and mulch off of
dialog: himself.
text: Elizabeth speaks softly and lovingly.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Are you okay?
text: She wipes a little dirt off his face. He nods.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You gotta be more careful little
dialog: man.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 32.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Where are your parents?
text: The Boy points in an unseen direction.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, you better go stand by them.
text: Elizabeth and Grant stand up as the Boy runs off.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Cute kid.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yeah.
text: Elizabeth is quiet. Her mind off somewhere else.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Hey, where’d you go? What are you
dialog: thinking about?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I don’t know.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: Do you want kids?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Haven't really given it a lot of
dialog: thought. Sure, I guess so.
text: She takes a long moment before looking at him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Do you want to have kids with me?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Who else would I be having them
dialog: with?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s just ...we never talked about
dialog: it and with me being the way I am I
dialog: wasn't sure if you would want to.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Well I guess since we’re talking
dialog: about it now - maybe you don’t want
dialog: to have kids with me?
text: He starts to stroll away from her. She follows.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And why is that?
dialog: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I was quite the unpredictable kid.
dialog: I got into a lot of trouble and
dialog: fights. I even stole from the local
dialog: store on the corner of my street.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You never told me that you were a
dialog: klepto. What would you steal?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Candy bars.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: Everyday before school.
text: Elizabeth smiles.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: So see. I think my genes might be
dialog: worse than yours.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Don’t joke.
text: He stops in his tracks - turning to her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We have to joke. If we don’t we'll
text: both go insane. Literally.
text: She looks away. He places his hands on her face.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: And our kids are going to be
dialog: awesome. They’re going to be happy
dialog: and healthy and beautiful - just
dialog: like you.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: And probably bratty like you too.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Sarcastic. )
dialog: Oh, yeah and what will they get
dialog: from you?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: My great smile and charm and let’s
dialog: not forget my sexy.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Ha, okay and your conceitedness
dialog: too?
dialog: 20
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 34.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Yep!
text: Despite herself, Elizabeth smiles.
text: They walk in silence for a few steps.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What if they end up like me? Sick.
text: Grant stops and grabs Elizabeth - turns her to face him.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Listen to me. There is no one else
dialog: I want to have a family with. I’m
dialog: prepared to share my life with you -
dialog: the good and the bad. And there’s
dialog: nothing we can’t get past as long
dialog: as we stick together. Do you
dialog: believe me?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, come on. Lets pick out a
dialog: tree.
text: He takes her hand and they walk out of frame.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 20
text: The tree lights and a few candles are the only light in the
text: room. Elizabeth sits on the couch in tights and a sweatshirt -
text: her feet up on the coffee table. A glass of water anda
text: bottle of anxiety medication sit on the table beside her
text: feet.
text: We are TIGHT on the pill bottle as Elizabeth sits up. She
text: opens the bottle, takes 2 pills and knocks them back with
text: water. Grant is standing in front of the tree. It’s fully
text: decorated.
text: The song, “Dying For Ya” by August Roads is playing under the
text: scene.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What do you think?
text: Elizabeth moves to the floor next to a box filled with
dialog: Christmas decorations.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s beautiful.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 35.
text: She mindlessly digs through the box. She removes some old,
text: silver tinsel.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: This is our first tree together.
text: A sad smile crosses his face.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish I had a ring to go with it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You know I don’t care about that.
text: She looks at the silver tinsel. She rips a piece off, then
text: twists it around her finger - holding it up.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: This is all I need.
text: Grant takes a seat on the floor, scooting up behind her -
text: wrapping his arms around her body. They are pressed tightly
text: together, gazing up at the tree.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Grant?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Yeah babe?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you for today. For the tree,
dialog: the decorations, the lights
dialog: ..-everything.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Of course, it’s my job.
text: Elizabeth has her head down, looking at the make shift ring -
text: something is clearly on her mind.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Softly. )
dialog: Sometimes I wish I could runaway
dialog: from myself.
text: His eyes remain looking at the tree.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You can’t runaway from yourself.
dialog: Because then you’d be running away
dialog: from me.
text: She seems to be talking to herself when she asks-
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 36.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Why do you love me so much?
text: Grant continues to look straight ahead.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (Reflective. )
dialog: Do you remember the day after our
dialog: first date when you called to ask
dialog: me what color your eyes were?
dialog: And without hesitation I said blue.
dialog: Your eyes are blue.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: I could hear you smile through the
dialog: phone. When I asked you what that
dialog: was all about you said that you'd
dialog: know when someone was really in
dialog: love with you if they could
dialog: remember the color of your eyes
dialog: after only one date.
text: Elizabeth tilts her head, leaning it onto Grant’s chest.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: That was the night you became my
dialog: Elizabeth Blue.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: I love you Elizabeth.
text: Grant and Elizabeth remain on the floor, locked in their
text: embrace.
text: The CAMERA holding on them as we-
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 21
text: Grant is fast asleep on the couch.
text: Elizabeth is sitting on the floor beside him - the yellow
text: note pad and pen are on the coffee table next to her anxiety
text: pills and a glass of water.
text: She gazes at the tree then turns her attention to the make
text: shift, tinsel ring on her finger. She holds her hand up,
text: admiring the ring.
text: Elizabeth appears peaceful, calm and relaxed, then-
speaker_heading: TIM (0.C.)
dialog: (Soft whisper.)
dialog: He’s never going to marry you.
dialog: 22
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 37.
text: We've heard this voice before. Elizabeth eyes shift to a
text: tense panic. A chill comes over her.
text: She hears it again. It’s clearer this time. The tone is
dialog: vindictive.
speaker_heading: TIM (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Elizabeth, did you hear what I
dialog: said? He’s never going to marry
dialog: you.
text: Elizabeth looks toward the kitchen. She can see the
text: silhouette of a man standing in the doorway.
text: Elizabeth jumps up.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 22
text: Elizabeth frantically opens a cabinet, pulling out her pill
text: case. Her face is tense. Her hands trembling. She hears the
dialog: voice again.
speaker_heading: TIM (0.C.)
dialog: Get it into your thick head. He’s
dialog: not going to marry you.
text: Elizabeth jumps - dropping the pill case. She quickly picks
text: it up. She closes her eyes, tries to breath but is on the
text: verge of hyperventilating.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're not real. You’re not real.
dialog: You're not real. I’m getting
dialog: better. You’re not real.
text: Tim’s voice becomes more menacing, threatening even. He
text: lashes out but his tone is almost always calm.
text: The CAMERA jumps around Elizabeth's face. Tim’s voice seems
text: to be everywhere. There is no escaping it.
speaker_heading: TIM (0.C.)
dialog: He doesn’t want you. He pities you.
dialog: He hates you. He thinks you’re
dialog: disgusting. He wishes you would
dialog: die.
text: Elizabeth clenches her teeth, her voice strained, gut
text: wrenching but internal - she is intentionally trying not to
dialog: make too much noise.
dialog: 23
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 38.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Shut up! You’re not real!
text: She turns toward the bathroom sink, opens her eyes to reveal-
text: TIM standing in the bathroom behind her. Her eyes go wide
text: with fear. She remains perfectly still as we reveal him for
dialog: the very first time.
text: Tim is handsome, well tailored, pale white skin with his hair
text: neatly parted. He appears mannequin like. His sweater vest
text: and perfectly knotted tie give him a dapper appearance.
text: Tim is Elizabeth’s most vicious hallucination. He torments
text: her. He tells her horrible things and often speaks to her
text: like a child. She fears him but Elizabeth has been unable to
text: escape him. She looks right at him through the mirror.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: You're ...not ...real.
text: She opens her pill case - never taking her eyes off of Tim.
text: She shakes a pill into her hand.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Look at yourself. Do you really
dialog: think he wants to marry you? You’re
dialog: a mess. You’re ruining his life.
text: Elizabeth is trembling. She pops the pill into her mouth, dry
text: swallows it and closes her eyes so hard it looks painful. She
text: talks to herself.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're not real. You’re not real.
dialog: You're not real.
text: We stay TIGHT on her face. She starts to calm down. She
text: slowly opens her eyes. Tim is gone. She looks around to be
dialog: sure.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S KITCHEN - NIGHT 23
text: Elizabeth, still rattled - approaches the sink. She holds a
text: glass under the faucet, turning it on. She fills the glass
text: and drinks every drop. She places the glass down and turns to
text: find Tim right in front of her.
text: She is startled - falling back against the wall but keeps
text: herself from screaming.
dialog: 24
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 39.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: He has to watch you like a child.
text: He looks at you with pure repel.
dialog: You're a charity case.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Please stop. It’s not true. He
dialog: loves me.
text: Tim has no mercy. He leans into her. His tone ranging from
dialog: outright hateful, to screaming, to sarcasm, to moments of
text: what sounds like a friend consoling a loved one. It’s
text: unpredictable but it’s all focused on making Elizabeth feel
dialog: horrible.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: How could he possibly love you?
dialog: You're pathetic. You can’t even
dialog: take care of yourself. What’s
dialog: keeping him here? Is it your
dialog: disability check? Or maybe it’s
dialog: this charming one-room apartment
dialog: you're crammed into?
text: Elizabeth slides down the fridge. Tim takes a seat beside her
dialog: - never relenting.
speaker_heading: TIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh wait, I know. Maybe it’s the
dialog: sex. But it can’t be. When was the
dialog: last time he was between your legs
dialog: Elizabeth? When was the last time
dialog: you made him feel like a man
dialog: instead of a damned baby-sitter?
text: Elizabeth begins to sob, doing her best to hold it in. She
text: crawls away from Tim, toward the living room.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 24
text: Elizabeth crawls toward the couch, reaching for Grant to wake
text: him up but Tim is there to cut her off.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Now isn’t that sweet. What are you
dialog: going to do? Wake up your knight in
dialog: shining armor and then what? Will
dialog: he defend your honor and throw me
dialog: out?
text: Tim yells with vengeance looking directly in her eyes.
dialog: 25
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 40.
speaker_heading: TIM (CONT'D)
dialog: LOOK AT ME!!!
text: Elizabeth grabs a pillow from the couch - scrambles to get
text: away from him. She curls into the fetal position on the
text: floor, pulling the pillow over her head, while covering her
text: other ear with her hand.
speaker_heading: TIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you really buy that crap about
dialog: him having kids with you? That’s a
dialog: bloody joke. Why he feels the need
dialog: to fill your head with such fairy
dialog: tales is beyond me?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That’s not true. He loves me and I
dialog: love him.
text: Elizabeth leaps from the floor, pillow in hand.
text: JUMP CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S CLOSET - NIGHT 25
text: Elizabeth closes herself inside the small closet. She throws
text: herself into the corner - the pillow pulled as tight against
text: her chest as she can get it.
text: Tim is in the closet, leaning right into her face. He begins
text: screaming so intensely that spit flies from his mouth, onto
text: her face.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Love? What do you know about love?
dialog: Nothing. Why you won’t just put
dialog: yourself and him out of all this
dialog: misery is beyond me.
text: He composes himself and leans back - sitting in the opposite
text: corner of the closet. His demeanor shifts to calm and
dialog: consoling.
speaker_heading: TIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve been telling you this for
dialog: years, haven’t I? You didn't listen
dialog: to me when I told you to kill
dialog: yourself when you were a teenager.
dialog: You didn't listen to me when I told
dialog: you to kill yourself in your
dialog: twenties.
dialog: (MORE )
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 41.
speaker_heading: TIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Time and time again I’ve been here,
dialog: as a friend to tell you to end this
dialog: life that’s really no life at all
dialog: but instead of taking my advice now
dialog: you're mixed up with this poor slob
dialog: who doesn’t know what’s in store
dialog: for him. If you truly loved him
dialog: you'd do him a favor, walk into the
dialog: kitchen and slice open your throat.
dialog: But you won’t and do you know why?
dialog: Because you’re selfish and
dialog: entitled.
text: She defiantly stares back at him. Her mind racing,
text: overwhelmed with emotion.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Stop it. You’re not real.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: I hate to be the one to tell you
dialog: this Elizabeth but I’m all you
dialog: have. You can’t trust anyone
dialog: besides me. I’m the only one who
dialog: has ever told you the truth.
dialog: They're all against you. The
dialog: Doctors, your Mother and even your
dialog: sweet, precious Grant most of all.
dialog: I wouldn't be surprised if he was
dialog: secretly planing to leave you.
text: Tim’s voice begins to fade into the background as we go
dialog: inside Elizabeth’s mind.
text: She closes down - her eyes begin to glaze over. A piercing
text: RING begins to build.
speaker_heading: TIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Do it. Go to the kitchen, pull out
dialog: the biggest knife you can find and
dialog: just do it. End this hurt, end
dialog: Grant’s hurt. Don’t make him suffer
dialog: anymore because of your
dialog: selfishness! Do it!
text: At this point Tim’s voice has faded into the RINGING.
text: We hear nothing else as we linger tightly on Elizabeth's
text: face. She is lost, emotionless, her eyes dead.
text: Tim begins to chant. We don’t have to hear him to see the
text: full on hate and anger in his face.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 42.
speaker_heading: TIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it!
text: Elizabeth looks lost, trapped. She begins to claws at the
text: wall as if trying to escape. Several hangers and clothes fall
text: on top of her.
text: Still no sounds - just RINGING but we can clearly make out
dialog: what she is saying.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Leave me alone! Leave me alone!
text: Elizabeth's face is staring straight ahead - the pillow held
text: tightly to her chest.
text: We hold CLOSE on her. She is overwhelmed with panic -
text: covering her ears, trying to make it all stop.
text: Then - as if someone flipped a switch, we are back in NORMAL
text: SOUND. The ringing stops and we hear one heartfelt, desperate
text: scream echo throughout the apartment.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: STOPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!
text: Grant calls out from the other room.
speaker_heading: GRANT (0.C.)
dialog: Elizabeth? Elizabeth where are you?
text: We hold on Elizabeth's face.
speaker_heading: GRANT (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ELIZABETH???
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Barely audible.)
dialog: I’m in here. I’m in here.
text: The closet door opens. Grant immediately gets as close as he
text: can beside her inside the closet - embracing her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What happened baby? Tell me what
dialog: happened?
text: Elizabeth is in hysterics but it’s all internalized.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m ruining your life. I’m ruining
dialog: your life. I’m ruining your life.
text: She looks straight ahead - gripping the pillow.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 43.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: No babe, you're not. I promise,
dialog: you're not.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: But Tim said...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Tim? You heard Tim? You know you
dialog: can’t listen to him. You know that.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Help me! Please help me. I can’t
dialog: take it anymore.
text: Grant is at a lose for words. He simply holds her.
text: The CAMERA slowly pans away from them, into the bathroom.
text: We hold on them in a wide shot as we-
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: NOTEBOOK - INSERT 26
text: CLOSE on the Notebook:
dialog: “Somebody get a chapel and a choir to sing...”
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S OFFICE - DAY 27
text: We are TIGHT on Elizabeth’s face - so much so we do not know
text: where she is. She is staring up. Her complexion pale. Her
text: hair tied back in a loose sloppy ponytail. She looks
text: despondent - disconnected.
text: The song, “Green” by August Roads begins to play. The CAMERA
text: pulls back slowly until we reveal her sitting on the couch in
text: Dr. Bowman's office. She remains perfectly still - like a
dialog: mannequin.
text: The CAMERA moves toward her landing tight on her face where
text: we began, then pulls out again. It continues to do this for
text: the entire length of the song. Back and forth. Back and
text: forth. A million thoughts race through her mind - tears begin
text: to fill her eyes. On the final WIDE frame the song ENDS.
text: Dr. Bowman enters. He is holding her file.
text: Elizabeth wipes her eyes. He notices.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 44,
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: I'm sorry for the delay Elizabeth.
text: He takes a seat across from her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you for seeing me on such
dialog: short notice.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Tell me what’s going on with you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm falling apart.
dialog: (She let’s out an
dialog: uncomfortable laugh.)
dialog: Emotionally, physically, mentally.
dialog: I don’t know which way to turn
dialog: anymore.
text: Dr. Bowman opens her file and takes out a pen.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: What’s happened that has you so
dialog: unsettled?
text: She is distraught - anxious.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I saw Tim.
text: It’s all she can muster up. The mere mention of his name
text: terrifies her.
text: Dr. Bowman looks in her file, flips a few pages. Makes a
text: note.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: From what I see here it’s been some
dialog: time since you’ve seen or heard
dialog: from that particular hallucination,
dialog: is that correct?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: How’s your depression and anxiety
dialog: level?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Becoming more present.
dialog: She looks
dialog: angst.
text: She nods.
text: She holds
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 45.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Is there anything you’re currently
dialog: dealing with in your life that may
dialog: have triggered this recent
dialog: incident?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Not really. My fiance moved in and
dialog: I’ve been trying to plan our
dialog: wedding. But, I’m working on
dialog: getting better first. So it’s all
dialog: perfect.
text: up at him - her face one of pure desperation and
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I want it to all be perfect.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: We're talking about Grant, correct?
text: Dr. Bowman makes a note in her file.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It hasn’t been easy Dr. Bowman.
dialog: We're dealing with all of my
dialog: issues. We’re living in a one room
dialog: apartment. Grant’s between jobs. We
dialog: can’t even afford a real ring.
text: up her hand, revealing the tinsel make shift ring.
text: He looks at the ring, then to her.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: How much do you remember about last
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Bits and pieces. I know it was bad.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Were you alone?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Grant was there.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Are you hallucinating now?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 46.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Are you having suicidal thoughts?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Do you think you’re a danger to
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: How about to anyone else?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, I mean, other than driving
dialog: Grant out of his mind, I wouldn't
dialog: say he’s in any danger.
text: He looks up at her - placing down the file on the coffee.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Elizabeth, I need you to listen to
dialog: me very carefully and try to
dialog: understand what I’m about to say,
dialog: okay?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The best thing you can do is ignore
dialog: the voices and hallucinations at
dialog: all costs. Don’t make friends with
dialog: them, don't talk to them, don’t
dialog: even acknowledge them. Even if
dialog: they’re nice to you.
text: She turns away, drifting off into thought.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We don't want you to engage with
dialog: any of the hallucinations. It could
dialog: potentially worsen your state of
dialog: mind.
text: She drifts off in the distance as she listens.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I understand how real these
dialog: hallucinations might feel when
dialog: they’re happening, but they’re not.
dialog: (MORE )
dialog: 28
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 47.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And you need to do your best to try
dialog: and tune them out. Turn the
dialog: television up extra loud. Listen to
text: music with headphones on. Call
dialog: someone. Anything at all to try and
dialog: distract yourself until the episode
text: passes.
text: Elizabeth stares out the window at nothing in particular.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Do you know how scary it is when
dialog: you don’t know when life is real?
dialog: Sometimes I feel like I’m cursed.
dialog: Like I’m living in a bad dream that
dialog: I can’t wake up from. My
dialog: relationship is suffering. He says
dialog: it’s not. Grant says everything is
dialog: okay and that we’ll get through
dialog: this together but I don’t know if I
dialog: believe him. I want to.
text: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK -— DAY 28
text: Grant is jogging through a local park. The sky is cloudy. He
dialog: is deep in thought.
text: The scene beings to INTERCUT between Grant and Dr. Bowman's
text: Office. We continue to hear Elizabeth and Dr. Bowman talk
text: while we stay on Grant jogging.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.C.)
dialog: Sometimes I think it would be
dialog: better if he left me. So he could
dialog: have a real life and family and not
dialog: have to deal with me - day in and
dialog: day out.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: I don’t want him to stop loving me
dialog: because of this. But I don’t want
dialog: to ruin his life either.
text: Grant's face is filling with emotion. It’s like he can hear
dialog: what they’re saying.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (0.C.)
dialog: Elizabeth ...love is a very strong
dialog: emotion. It’s not something that
dialog: can be forced or created out of
dialog: thin air. Some people believe we
dialog: can even teach others to love us.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 48.
text: Grant begins to pick up his pace.
text: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S OFFICE - DAY 29
text: CLOSE on Elizabeth’s face. She stares longingly out the
text: window. Going further into her own thoughts.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Love is something that can only
dialog: come naturally. It finds us when
dialog: we're ready for it but only after
dialog: we've learned to love ourselves.
text: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK -— DAY 30
text: Grant continues to run. His emotions grow stronger and more
text: present on his face.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (0.C.)
dialog: Love isn’t a dream we should be
dialog: afraid of waking up from either.
dialog: Real love, unconditional love is
dialog: possibly our greatest achievement
dialog: as human beings. But it’s also
dialog: often the most illusive.
text: Grant continues to run. His pace steady and fast. His face
text: filling with tears.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Because of that, we can often find
dialog: ourselves clinging to our idea of
dialog: love. Our perception of it.
text: The faster Grant runs the harder his tears fall.
text: As Grant picks up his pace he begins to sob uncontrollably.
text: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S OFFICE - DAY 31
text: The CAMERA moves closer and closer to Elizabeth’s face. She
text: is overwhelmed by Dr. Bowman’s words.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 49.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: But when we find love ...true love,
dialog: it comes with unconditional
dialog: circumstances. And a love like that
dialog: can’t be broken by anything,
dialog: including mental illness.
text: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARK — DAY 32
text: Grant comes to a sudden stop. He is out of breath. He doubles
text: over bracing his hands against his knees to keep from falling
text: to the ground - deep sobs take over his body.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (0.C.)
dialog: It can only make the love you share
dialog: stronger.
text: We hold on Grant - overwhelmed with emotion, then -
text: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S OFFICE - DAY 33
text: Elizabeth continues to stare out the window. Her face appears
text: calm. She looks back at him with a smile yet behind the
text: smile her sadness shines through.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you Dr. Bowman. I understand.
text: She takes a moment, then-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I do want to get better. And stay
dialog: better and not feel afraid anymore.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: That's a very good start Elizabeth.
dialog: The fact that you desire to get
dialog: well means you're a fighter and
dialog: that you’re not going to let this
dialog: illness overcome you. Life is about
dialog: choices and you have to choose for
dialog: yourself.
text: Elizabeth nods and smiles at Dr. Bowman.
dialog: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay lets take a look at where we
dialog: can go from here in terms of
dialog: medication and dosage.
text: Dr. Bowman opens her file.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, I need you to be honest with
dialog: me. Are you skipping doses?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: None at all.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Good.
dialog: 50.
text: Dr. Bowman looks through his files comparing medications and
text: dosages for a few moments.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to prescribe a drug
dialog: called Saphris. It’s a dissolvable
dialog: tab that comes in 5 and 10
dialog: milligram doses. It can be very
dialog: effective and is generally well
dialog: tolerated.
text: The CAMERA stays on Elizabeth as Dr. Bowman continues to
text: talk. She gazes off again.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: This particular medication will not
dialog: only help you get a full nights
dialog: sleep, which could combat some of
dialog: the depression and anxiety but if
dialog: you are having an episode, similar
dialog: to the one you experienced last
dialog: night, you can place a tab under
dialog: your tongue and it can work quickly
dialog: to diminish the voices,
dialog: hallucinations and intrusive
dialog: thoughts. The main down side is it
dialog: could make you very sleepy so it’s
dialog: best to take it at night just
dialog: before bed.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It sounds too good to be true.
text: The CAMERA pushes closer and closer to Elizabeth. Her face,
text: for the first time, appears to be filled with hope.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 51.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: I feel good about this current
dialog: regime of medications. I want to
dialog: see you back here in a week. Keep
dialog: your head up and call the office
dialog: with any concerns or if you feel
dialog: you need to see me sooner.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (She smiles.)
dialog: Thank you Dr. Bowman.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S LOBBY - DAY 34
text: Elizabeth walks into the lobby. Grant is waiting on the sofa.
text: He stands when he sees Elizabeth and walks toward her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I thought you said you couldn't
dialog: make it?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I thought you said it was
dialog: important? Sorry I'm late.
text: Elizabeth gleams with joy. They walk toward the door.
text: In the corner of Elizabeth's eye she notices a BRIDAL
text: MAGAZINE sitting on the coffee table. She walks over and
text: picks it up.
text: CLOSE On the COVER:
dialog: “HOW TO PICK THE RIGHT CHAPEL, WEDDING SONG & MUCH MORE!”
text: She quickly tucks it under her arm. Grant and Elizabeth
dialog: leave.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: NOTEBOOK - INSERT 35
text: CLOSE on the Notebook:
dialog: “Somebody get an organ to play...”
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 36
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 52.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S KITCHEN - DAY 36
text: Elizabeth is standing in the kitchen in front of the counter.
text: On the counter in front of her is the Note Pad, house keys,
text: Bridal Magazine and her pill case.
text: Next to her PILL CASE we can also see a packet of SAPHRIS.
text: She picks up the square plastic case the pills are enclosed
text: in. She mindlessly twirls it between her fingers. She takes
text: out a glass and fills it in the sink.
text: She opens her pill case, empties the daily dose into her hand
text: and quickly knocks them back with the glass of water. She
text: turns, holding the glass. Her body leaning against the sink
text: as she takes another swig of water.
text: Grant calls out.
speaker_heading: GRANT (0.C.)
dialog: Babe?
text: Elizabeth is staring at the floor, lost in thought.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yeah.
text: Grant walks into the kitchen. He stands in front of her,
text: placing his hands on the counter on either side of her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You okay?
text: She nods as she takes another swig of water.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I just want to try and decompress a
dialog: little - read my magazine.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (Playful. )
dialog: You mean the one you stole?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Sarcastic. )
dialog: Shut up. I didn't steal it.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: I borrowed it.
text: Grant smiles. He leans in - kissing her neck several times.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Is someone getting excited about
dialog: wedding stuff?
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 53.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I don’t know, maybe?
text: He pulls back, looking at her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Well I like it. It gives me hope.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I don’t know. The kind that makes
dialog: our future look full of
dialog: experiences, full of memories...
text: Grant looks deep into her eyes, using his finger to push her
text: hair to the side - tucking it behind her ear.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Full of life.
text: Grant touches her lips with his index finger. He runs his
text: finger across her bottom lip. Elizabeth closes her eyes and
text: bites her lip.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘1l see you a little later.
text: She open her eyes. A slight panicked tone to her voice-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I’m going to go for a run.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Didn't you go on a run earlier?
text: He walks backwards toward the door.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What can I say? You read Bridal
dialog: Magazines to decompress and I go
dialog: for jogs.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Under her breath.)
dialog: Okay.
text: We hear the apartment door close. Elizabeth continues to
text: stand in the kitchen. She turns to the stove, picks up her
text: tea pot and fills it.
dialog: 37
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 54.
text: She places the pot on the stove and turns it on. She walks
text: through the kitchen and into the bathroom.
text: The CAMERA follows her like a shadow.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S BATHROOM - DAY 37
text: Elizabeth enters her bathroom, turns on the light.
text: The HUM of the LIGHT BULB fills the room. She gets lost for a
text: moment, staring at herself in the mirror. Something isn’t
text: right. She looks down at the floor.
text: From her POV - sitting on the floor beside the toilet is a
speaker_heading: RACCOON.
text: She immediately looks back at herself in the bathroom mirror.
text: A slight smile crosses her face. She is trying to hold back
text: her tears. She speaks to the Raccoon (and herself) in the
text: mirror. Her tone soft, as if she is telling the raccoon a
dialog: secret.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I know you’re not real. I do. And I
dialog: want you to know that this will
dialog: probably be the last time I pet
dialog: you.
dialog: (She looks down at the
dialog: floor.)
dialog: You see, the doctor gave me some
dialog: new pills and I am going to try
dialog: them real soon and when I do, I
dialog: won’t see you anymore.
text: Elizabeth kneels down. The CAMERA pans around her. She is
text: making the PETTING motion but it’s clear nothing is there.
text: She takes a deep breath and stands - leaning her hands on the
text: edge of the sink, her eyes closed tight.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
text: There’s nothing there.
text: Elizabeth takes another deep breath, turns the faucet on,
text: bends over and splashes water on her face several times. It’s
text: definitely an OCD moment. After about the 5th time she stands
text: straight up, looking into the mirror.
text: The water drips from her face - she stares at herself for a
text: long moment before looking down at the floor again. She
text: doesn’t see the raccoon anymore. She reaches for a towel -
text: dries her face, softly patting it. Her hair is wet from all
text: the splashing.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 55.
text: She holds her hair high above her head, seeing how she would
text: look with it short. She poses several ways as she looks at
text: herself in the mirror. She is having a childlike good time
text: with herself - almost forgetting where she is.
text: The TEA POT screams like a siren, snapping her back to
text: reality. Elizabeth leaves - turning off the bathroom light.
scene_heading: INT. - ELIZABETH’S KITCHEN - DAY 38
text: Elizabeth shuts off the burner and moves the tea pot to a
text: cool burner. She walks over to the cabinet and grabs herself
text: amug. She places it on the counter next to the stove and
text: pours her tea.
text: She opens the refrigerator door - her gaze becomes sharp and
text: steady. A calmness appears on her face.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 39
text: Elizabeth sits down at the table.
text: She reaches around her head with her right hand pulling her
text: hair over her right shoulder, twirling it between her fingers
text: as she flips through her magazine.
text: Her expression is full of life. Her eyes expressive and
text: responsive to the many different dresses she could wear. Her
text: fingers glide over the pictures as if she were actually
text: touching the material of the gowns.
text: The CAMERA is tight on Elizabeth’s face. Her eyes are full of
text: daydreams. She is deep in thought.
dialog: KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!
text: Elizabeth is startled out of her daydream. She walks toward
text: the door cautiously.
dialog: KNOCK! KNOCK!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Grant? Did you forget your key?
text: We hear a familiar voice from the other side of the door.
speaker_heading: CAROL (0.C.)
dialog: It’s your Mother, Elizabeth. Open
text: the door.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: One, sec...
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 56.
text: Elizabeth hesitates for a moment. Anxiety riddles through her
text: body. A visible chill causes her to tremble slightly.
text: Elizabeth looks down at her hands - they are shaking. She
text: clenches them into fists then shakes her hands and arms loose
text: to release some of the tension. She takes a deep breath -
dialog: composing herself.
text: She opens the door.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Mom, what are you doing here?
text: Standing in the doorway is Elizabeth’s Mother-
text: CAROL, in her 50’s and well put together but there is a hint
text: of a “past” she can’t quite shake off no matter how expensive
text: her outfit is. Carol immediately strolls in.
text: Elizabeth closes the door behind her.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I took a ride up for the day with
dialog: your Stepfather. He had some
dialog: business. I thought I would stop by
dialog: and surprise you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, well, I’m surprised.
text: Carol is holding a pair of thin, black leather gloves. Her
text: demeanor is cold, judgemental, like a women who has been
dialog: wronged time and time again.
text: Elizabeth's eyes are locked onto her Mother. Her mere
text: presence makes Elizabeth uptight.
text: As Carol enters the apartment, her trench coat seems to glide
text: with grace and ease behind her.
text: Carol looks around - her face clearly expressing disapproval
text: of everything she sees, including Elizabeth’s appearance.
text: Carol's salon-styled hair bounces with every move she makes.
text: She opens her handbag placing her gloves inside before
text: sitting down on Elizabeth’s sofa - all in one smooth
text: movement. She places her bag on the floor to the right of
text: her. Carol leans back and crosses her legs.
text: The entire time Elizabeth stands there, in silence, like a
dialog: child waiting for permission to speak. If there was ever a
dialog: trigger for Elizabeth’s mental breakdowns we are witnessing
dialog: it first hand.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 57.
text: On the outside, Carol appears put together, confident and
text: determined. On the inside she is a hot bed of depression,
dialog: anxiety and sorrow but keeping up appearances is always
text: Carol’s number one concern. She looks at Elizabeth with a
text: cold, tight smile but under it all is an underlying layer of
text: love - deep within her.
text: Elizabeth is becoming increasingly nervous, anxious and
text: fidgety.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: So ...can I get you anything?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: No, I’m fine.
dialog: (Looking around.)
dialog: Are you ...alone?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Defensive. )
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Nothing. I was simply wondering if
dialog: anyone was “here”?
text: Elizabeth's tone becomes soft but not forgiving.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What about Grant?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, he went for a jog.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (Awkward beat.)
dialog: Your hair got long again.
text: Elizabeth pulls at her hair like a child.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I know. I was actually thinking
dialog: about cutting it.
text: Carol looks at Elizabeth with somewhat of a heartfelt smile.
text: She leans forward.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: No. Don’t do that. You look so
dialog: beautiful.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 58.
text: Carol stands and walks toward Elizabeth. She reaches for her
text: daughter’s face with her hand.
text: Elizabeth closes her eyes and reopens them, looking at her
text: Mother like a little girl. For a split second she lets her
text: guard down, becoming vulnerable.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Hi Mommy.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Hi Lizzy.
text: Elizabeth makes a face.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Mom, you know I hate it when you
dialog: call me Lizzy.
text: Just when we think this will be a tender moment, Carol pulls
text: back from Elizabeth - her tone shifting to judgemental.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What happened to you? You look like
dialog: a corpse! Put on some damn makeup.
dialog: When are you going to get out of
dialog: this slump, stop sucking up State
dialog: disability and get back into world
dialog: for Christ sake Elizabeth?
text: Carol references the small desk with the books and
text: manuscript.
text: Elizabeth quickly realizes that this is the same, nasty woman
text: she has always known. She tenses up.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Slump? I see you’re still in denial
dialog: Mom.
text: Carol ignores her - glancing at the Christmas tree in the
text: corner of the room. She looks at it with disgust.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: A Christmas tree? We’re Jewish
dialog: Elizabeth!
text: Elizabeth tries very hard to stay calm. Their conversation is
text: filled with a lifetime of resentment and unspoken feelings.
dialog: That is about to change.
dialog: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, you're Jewish Mom. Daddy was
dialog: Catholic and so is Grant and we
dialog: happen to like Christmas.
text: Carol is furious but calm.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Don’t you dare bring up your good
dialog: for nothing Father to me. Clearly
dialog: you forgot who raised you after he
dialog: walked out on us. I guess that’s to
dialog: be expected of someone who’s too
dialog: busy playing make believe her whole
dialog: life to really know what’s going on
text: in the world around her.
text: The CAMERA starts to move around the room as they argue. The
text: movements are unsettling. Elizabeth does not back down. She
text: stares at Carol.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No Mom, I didn't forget. How could
dialog: I? You always remind me of what a
dialog: terrific single parent you were.
dialog: Tell me again how you did the best
dialog: you could with what you were given?
text: The back and forth arguing becomes vicious. Every word is
dialog: meant to cut deep. It’s the kind of argument that made you
dialog: want to cover your ears and hide when you were a small child
dialog: while listening to your parents fight.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: And you think that's what this is?
dialog: Make believe?
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: I would tear off my skin if I
dialog: thought I wouldn't have to play
dialog: make believe anymore.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (Dismissive. )
dialog: Call it what you want. I say it’s
dialog: make believe. I do and I always
dialog: thought you were full of it
dialog: Elizabeth. You always wanted
dialog: attention and this was your way of
dialog: getting it.
dialog: (She paces back and forth
dialog: like a caged rat.)
dialog: And you know something? I did do my
dialog: best.
dialog: (MORE )
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 60.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think it was easy dealing
dialog: with day to day worries after your
dialog: Father left? No job, no car, no
dialog: money...
text: Elizabeth raises her voice, cutting Carol off.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No man! I hate to break it to you
dialog: Mom but your “best” is the only
dialog: thing that’s make believe here.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nothing except for the fact that
dialog: Maybe you forgot to ask some
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: To who, Elizabeth? You? What are
dialog: you even talking about?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes Mom, someone who asks their
dialog: child about what’s maybe going on
text: inside their head. A parental
dialog: figure would have been nice. You
dialog: know someone who worried about
dialog: their kid but what the hell would
dialog: you know about that? You were so
dialog: wrapped up in own your needs you
dialog: couldn’t be bothered by my
dialog: suffering. But then again, how
dialog: could you when all you did was coat
dialog: your own issues with pills anda
text: cheap bottle of chardonnay.
text: Elizabeth moves closer to her Mother. We’ve never seen her so
text: confident.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Or is it something stronger these
dialog: days? By the smell on your breath
dialog: I’d say Jack and Coke?
text: Carol stares at Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: What? Am I right? Am I? It’s okay,
dialog: you can tell me.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 61.
text: Carol’s expression is a combination of hurt and rage. She
text: walks to her purse, removes a GOLD CIGARETTE CASE. She opens
text: it, takes out a cigarette, closes the case and taps the
text: cigarette on it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t smoke in my apartment.
text: Carol throws the case back into her purse.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Oh, okay. And who helps pay for
dialog: this apartment?
dialog: Elizabeth hates this.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: You think your disability check
dialog: covers all of your expenses?
dialog: Between this place and the extra
dialog: health insurance you need to cover
dialog: those fancy Doctor appointments,
dialog: that what, it magically pays for
dialog: itself? Hmm? And how dare you?
dialog: You're going to point your finger
dialog: at me?
dialog: (Seething. )
dialog: Are you?
text: Carol’s emotions get the best of her - her voice fills with
text: rage with every word she utters.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: You're the reason your Father
dialog: walked out on us to begin with.
text: This hits Elizabeth hard but she tries not to show it.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: All your neuroses and fits. Not to
dialog: mention your consistent crying like
dialog: a rotten brat! Oh how I wanted to
dialog: slap you so many times but I
dialog: didn't. I should have. Lord knows.
dialog: I know your Father wanted too. I
dialog: bet he would of beaten you within
dialog: an inch of your life if he had
dialog: stayed one more day. It might of
dialog: done you some good. Now look at
dialog: yourself. Can you see now? That’s
dialog: why Elizabeth, that’s why he left
dialog: and never looked back. You!
text: Elizabeth is looking down at the floor.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 62.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Thoughtful beat.)
dialog: You can’t keep blaming me. Do you
dialog: think because I was only six when
dialog: he left that I don’t remember? Oh I
dialog: remember Mom.
text: She looks up at Carol.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I remember your mood swings and
dialog: screaming fits. I remember you
dialog: sitting at the kitchen table
text: smashing his watch with a hammer.
text: Carol is surprised that Elizabeth recalls these memories.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I remember you tearing apart our
text: living room furniture in a fit of
dialog: rage. Did you forget about all
dialog: that? You must of. It’s easy to see
dialog: what you want to see but that’s why
dialog: he walked out on us.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (Defensive. )
dialog: Keep telling yourself that
dialog: Elizabeth. You’1l start to believe
dialog: it. You always lied to make me look
dialog: like the bad person. When it was
dialog: always you just looking for
text: attention.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That’s right Mom. You continue to
dialog: live in that fairy tale world where
dialog: your hair doesn't move but maybe
dialog: one day you’1ll wake up and realize
dialog: that blaming me was always your
dialog: answer. That way you’d never have
dialog: to take responsibility for any of
dialog: your actions.
text: Carol looks away. Elizabeth notices a look of dismay and
dialog: Maybe an under layer of sadness.
text: Carol tries her hardest not to let it show. She struggles but
text: maintains herself and her dignity. Her voice cracks slightly
text: as she responds to her daughter.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Actions?
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 63.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Calm but filled with
dialog: emotion. )
dialog: Yes ...your actions. Not only with
dialog: your psychotic behavior toward
dialog: Daddy but your neglect toward me.
dialog: You think I enjoyed coming home
dialog: from school and you not being there
dialog: because you were on another date?
text: Constant men in and out of the
dialog: house as you took applications for
dialog: a new husband? Specifically ones
dialog: that had a checkbook to balance
dialog: your unqualified needs as a wife
dialog: and Mother.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: All you had to do was love me after
dialog: Daddy left. But instead you sat
dialog: high and mighty on your pedestal
dialog: looking down at me with disgust for
dialog: all my problems and mental issues.
dialog: You think they came out of nowhere
dialog: or I made them up? The truth Mom...
dialog: (She looks right at her.)
dialog: They stem from you. Not only from
dialog: the dysfunctional childhood you
dialog: gave me after Daddy walked out, on
dialog: you ...not me, but from your own
dialog: issues that you continue to ignore
dialog: and instead chose to self medicate.
dialog: But you know what? You’re not going
dialog: to make me feel bad about myself
dialog: anymore. I know I’m a mess but at
dialog: least I'm trying to fix myself. I
dialog: have an amazing Doctor and I have
dialog: Grant who is by my side and loves
dialog: me unconditionally with every break
dialog: down I have. He holds me when I’m
dialog: in pain. He comforts me when I’m
dialog: suffering. He’s all I need.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: There comes a time when you have to
dialog: say enough. We might be Mother and
dialog: daughter but I don’t need you to
dialog: take care of me, or be my Mother
dialog: .»..or even my friend.
text: Carol looks like she has seen a ghost. She is pale and
text: speechless. Her entire tone changes.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Elizabeth, listen to me. We can’t
dialog: leave things this way. If we do...
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 64.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Mom, things have always been this
dialog: way between us. I love you but we
dialog: both know it.
text: Elizabeth points back and forth with her finger.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: This? What we have ...it’s nothing
dialog: good. It never was.
text: Carol stands there, unable to move or speak.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: You should go. Your new husband
dialog: needs you. Your life needs you. I
dialog: don’t need you. Or your pity. Or
dialog: your judgment. Or your money.
text: Carol looks at her. She knows she is right. Without another
text: word, she walks toward the sofa, picks up her handbag and
text: walks to the door.
text: She stands there for a moment, waiting for Elizabeth to say
text: something. Without looking back Carol opens the door, exits
text: and closes it softly behind her - she is gone.
text: Elizabeth walks over to the sofa and sits down. She places
text: her elbows on her knees, her head down, her face covered with
text: her hands.
text: Elizabeth leans back on the sofa, grabs a throw pillow and
text: places it on her lap. She play’s with the zipper on the
text: pillow absentmindedly. She looks straight ahead at nothing in
text: particular. She closes her eyes. We hold on her face.
text: Times SPEEDS ups. The SUN goes down, the apartment grows
text: dark. We come back to normal time and speed. Elizabeth opens
text: her eyes.
text: Grant walks in. Elizabeth reaches over and turns on the lamp.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey.
text: Grant sits on the couch beside her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Hey.
dialog: (He takes her in.)
dialog: What’s wrong? You having an
dialog: episode?
dialog: The song,
text: scene.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 65.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, I'm fine actually.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: My Mom was here.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Here? Like in the apartment here?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yep!
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: She showed up about 20 minutes
dialog: after you left.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We said what we had to say. Where
dialog: were you for so long?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I lost track of time, who cares.
dialog: Elizabeth, tell me what happened?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s over Grant. It’s been over for
dialog: a long time. I put the last nail in
dialog: the coffin and said everything I
dialog: needed to say. So did she.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: I feel like I got closure, real
dialog: closure. Going all the way back to
dialog: when I was a kid. Is that possible?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (Thoughtful beat.)
dialog: Sometimes we hold onto things we
dialog: know aren’t good for us because
dialog: we're afraid of what will happen if
dialog: we let go. But when we finally do
text: it’s like a weight off our chest
dialog: and then we’re truly free. It’s a
dialog: good thing. Trust me.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: I’m sorry I wasn't here.
text: “Fever” by Starsailor begins to play under the
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 66.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s better you weren't. I don't
dialog: know if I would of been able to say
dialog: everything I wanted to say with you
dialog: here. She hurt me so many times
dialog: over the years but never fully
dialog: understood what she was doing. It
dialog: was always about her. Now it has to
dialog: be about me.
dialog: (She looks at him.)
dialog: About us.
text: He leans into her - kissing her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You're amazing.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Playful yet honest.)
dialog: You smell.
text: He pulls away, smells his armpit.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I’m gonna take a shower.
text: He gets up, starts walking backwards. He takes off his shirt -
text: throwing at her. His chest and arms are covered with several
speaker_heading: TATTOOS.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: (Flirtatious. )
dialog: You should join me.
text: Elizabeth smiles.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Playful. )
dialog: Why Mr. O’Neil, what kind of girl
dialog: do you think I am?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: A naughty one, I hope. See you in
dialog: five?
text: Grant walks out our frame leaving Elizabeth on the couch with
text: a huge grin on her face. It’s the first time we’ve seen her
dialog: smile like this.
text: A moment later she springs from the sofa toward the bathroom.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 67.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 40
text: The CAMERA moves up the side of Grant and Elizabeth’s naked
text: bodies in the shower. The song continues to play.
text: They kiss - it’s tender yet passionate. She turns, pressing
text: tightly against his body. He embraces her as the water
text: cascades down them. They embrace in a way that only the
dialog: deepest of lovers do.
text: We are tight on them as we slowly fade and-
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: NOTEBOOK - INSERT 4l
text: CLOSE On the Notebook:
dialog: “Somebody Get A Preacher...”
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 42
text: Elizabeth and Grant walk down the street. She walks with her
text: arms crossed, holding herself with her head down. She is
text: fighting against her anxiety and losing.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Hey, what’s going on with you? You
dialog: look tense. You’re about to try on
dialog: wedding dresses. I thought you were
dialog: excited?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I am excited. It’s just my anxiety.
text: Elizabeth and Grant stop at the street corner waiting for the
text: walk signal to come on.
text: Grant rubs her back with his hand softly caressing her
text: shoulders.
text: The walk signal comes on and they cross the street.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Did you remember to take your
dialog: Klonopin?
text: Elizabeth shakes her bag. We hear the pills rattle.
dialog: 43
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 68.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Good girl. You know what?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Take out your pills.
text: She looks at him oddly but takes the pill bottle out.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Now shake’ em again!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Shake what, my pills?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (Doing a playful shimmy.)
dialog: Yeah. Shake’ em, like maracas!
text: She manages a smile. She opens the bottle, takes out a pill,
text: dry swallows it and puts the bottle back in her bag.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're so stupid. I hate you.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Made you smile didn't I?
text: Elizabeth snarls at him.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: (Playful, even teasing)
dialog: And you don’t hate me. You love me.
text: She rolls her eyes as they continue to walk down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDAL SHOP - DAY 43
text: Grant and Elizabeth approach the bridal shop.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This is it.
text: A beautiful coy pond fountain is to the left of the door.
text: From the outside, it looks like a brick cottage - very high
text: end. Grant takes it in.
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: Looks ...expensive.
text: Elizabeth gushes like a little girl.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 69.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I know. I found it in that bridal
dialog: magazine.
text: Grant musters up a smile even though he knows they can’t
dialog: afford this.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Do you want me to come in with you?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, I'll be fine. Besides it’s bad
dialog: luck for you to see me in a dress.
text: Grant caresses her cheek.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I doubt me seeing you in a dress is
dialog: going to be a tragedy.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s the superstitious side of me.
dialog: Besides, we don’t need anything
dialog: else for me to obsess over, now do
dialog: we?
text: Grant throws his hands up in surrender.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Enough said. No seeing you in the
dialog: dress before the big day.
text: She takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay I’m going in.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I‘1l meet you back here in an hour.
text: She nods nervously. He kisses her.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: You're gonna to be fine. Get in
dialog: there. Have fun.
text: Grant kisses her again and leaves. Elizabeth watches him walk
text: away. She takes another deep breath and walks into the bridal
dialog: shop.
dialog: 44
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 70.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDAL SHOP - DAY
dialog: 44
text: Elizabeth enters the shop. The store is small yet warm and
text: welcoming. It’s even more beautiful inside. Elizabeth is a
text: tad overwhelmed but excited at the same time. She takes it
dialog: all in.
text: The shop is elegant with vintage touches, from a beautiful
text: old chandelier, hand painted walls and mahogany cabinets,
text: which bring warmth to the built in closet lined with wedding
text: dresses held perfectly in place by feminine, white padded
text: hangers.
text: Several glass counter tops encase
dialog: accessories. Elizabeth feels like
text: dream. Her face beaming. She lets
dialog: of dresses as-
speaker_heading: JANE (0.C.)
dialog: Hello.
text: Elizabeth turns, revealing-
text: JANE (35), slender, beautiful and
dialog: slip dress and flats - a cardigan
dialog: antique wedding
dialog: she has stepped into a
text: her hand drift across a row
dialog: classy wearing a little
text: draped over her shoulders.
text: She is charming, soft spoken and attentive. She approaches
text: Elizabeth, extending her perfectly, manicured hand.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Hi.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You must be my two o’clock.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, I am. I’m Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hi Elizabeth, I’m Jane.
dialog: So nice to
dialog: meet you. Welcome to our little
dialog: shop.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you. It’s nice to meet you
dialog: too. Your boutique is beautiful.
dialog: (Taking in Jane.)
dialog: And you’re so pretty.
text: Elizabeth pulls at her clothing -
dialog: place.
dialog: suddenly feeling out of
dialog: 45
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 71.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Oh, well aren’t you sweet. Thank
dialog: you.
text: Elizabeth is instantly at ease. She replies with nothing more
text: than a shy smile.
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you shopping alone today or
dialog: will anyone be joining you?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, just me. I sent my fiance away.
dialog: He'll be back in an hour to pick me
dialog: up though.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Wonderful. That’s plenty of time.
dialog: And it’s always better when the man
text: shows up at the alter and not in
dialog: the fitting room. At least that’s
dialog: my opinion.
text: Elizabeth smiles.
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I offer you something to drink?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, thank you. I’m fine.
text: Jane gently places her hand on Elizabeth's back, while
text: extending her other hand - welcoming her into the shop.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, okay then. Lets get started
dialog: and see if we can find you a dress.
text: Elizabeth looks around is pure joy and wonderment as they
text: stroll out of frame.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDAL SHOP - DAY 45
text: Grant is leaning against the fountain. He notices Elizabeth
text: walking out of the shop.
text: Jane is standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you for your help Jane. All
dialog: of the dresses were so beautiful.
dialog: (MORE )
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 72.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I just need a little more time to
dialog: think about it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Of course. It was my pleasure. You
dialog: looked gorgeous in so many of them.
dialog: But it’s a big decision and no
dialog: bride-to-be should ever rush into
dialog: buying a dress. So as soon as
dialog: you’re ready, you come back and see
dialog: me.
text: Elizabeth appears slightly embarrassed.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I also need some time to save a
dialog: little more money too.
text: Jane gives her a warm smile.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Stay right there.
text: Jane goes back into the store. Elizabeth turns toward Grant,
text: gives him a shrug.
text: Jane comes back to the door. She is holding a piece of paper
text: that appears to be torn from a notebook.
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I don’t want to be presumptuous
dialog: but if you haven’t decided on who
dialog: is going to marry you, this is the
dialog: number to a wedding chaplain.
dialog: They’re really wonderful and they
dialog: work with all kinds of budgets.
text: She hands the paper to Elizabeth. Elizabeth is deeply touched
dialog: by this gesture.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you Jane.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: Oh, where are my manners. I'd love
dialog: to introduce you to my fiance.
text: Elizabeth turns to Grant. Grant looks at Elizabeth, taping at
text: his wrist indicating he is in a hurry.
text: Jane looks to where Grant is then back to Elizabeth.
text: Elizabeth seems disappointed. She turns back to Jane.
dialog: 46
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 73.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry. I have to go. Thank you
dialog: again for being so wonderful.
text: Elizabeth references the piece of paper. Jane gives her a
text: warm smile.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: My pleasure. Good luck sweetheart.
text: Elizabeth and Grant walk down the street together.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 46
text: Elizabeth and Grant walk quietly down the street. She is lost
dialog: in thought.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: So....? How did it go?
text: She shrugs.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Didn't find anything you love?
text: Her response is short.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I did, a few.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What’s with the attitude?
text: Elizabeth stops, turns to him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Why were you rude to Jane?
text: He’s caught off guard by the question.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What? I wasn’t rude. I just wanted
dialog: to get going.
text: Elizabeth's eyes strain. She rubs her temples. A soft RINGING
text: inside her head begins.
text: Grant’s voice turns to an ECHO - like one you would hear
text: inside an immense tunnel.
dialog: We stay on Elizabeth.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 74.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Just because I didn’t jump for joy
dialog: to meet the woman who was helping
dialog: you look for a wedding dress
dialog: doesn’t mean I was being rude.
text: She looks dizzy. The RINGING turns to a subtle but steady
text: PIERCING sound. Elizabeth reaches into her purse, takes out a
text: pill, pops it into her mouth and swallows.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Elizabeth ...what’s wrong?
text: She looks up at him - rubbing her temples. Everything
text: suddenly stops. Her head clears.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It was just a headache.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Have you eaten? Maybe you’re
dialog: hungry.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yeah, maybe.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Lets go eat. What are you in the
dialog: mood for?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Chinese?
text: He gives her a warm smile.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Deal.
text: Elizabeth's PHONE BUZZES. She reaches into her pocket,
text: removes her phone, looks at it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Damn.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What?
dialog: 47
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 75.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I almost forgot I had an
dialog: appointment with Dr. Bowman at
dialog: 3:30.
text: She immediately becomes manic - rambling to herself ina
text: nervous manner.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (Manic, mumbling)
dialog: I don’t want to be late. I don’t
dialog: want to be late Grant. I don’t want
dialog: to be late.
text: Grant places his hands on her shoulders to calm her down.
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: It’s no big deal. It’s only 3:00
dialog: and his office is just a few blocks
dialog: from here. We can walk it. You’ll
dialog: make it. Don’t get nervous.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: And this is exactly why man created
dialog: cell phones so we can set reminders
dialog: to remind ourselves of the things
dialog: we need to be reminded of.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You sound like Dr. Seuss.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (Removes his beanie.)
dialog: That’s me, your personal cat ina
dialog: hat.
text: She manages a smile. He takes her hand and they walk down the
text: street.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S HALLWAY - DAY 47
text: Grant and Elizabeth are standing in the hallway just outside
text: Dr. Bowman's office lobby door.
text: A sign on the door reads: BOWMAN PSYCHIATRIC GROUP.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Do you want me to come in with you?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, I got this. I’m okay.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 76.
text: Grant takes her in.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I have to admit, the last few days
dialog: you definitely seem different.
dialog: She’s not sure how to take that.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean it in a good way. You look
dialog: ..-better.
text: She thinks about this.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m working on it.
text: He leans in - kisses her forehead.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I'll wait for you to get home to
dialog: order the Chinese food.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
speaker_heading: K.
text: He walks backwards out of frame. She takes a deep breath -
text: turning to the door, her eyes looking at the sign.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: NOTEBOOK - INSERT 48
text: CLOSE on the Notebook:
dialog: “Somebody get a cake...”
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S OFFICE - DAY 49
text: Elizabeth is sitting across from Dr. Bowman. She fumbles with
text: the piece of paper that Jane gave her.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: You're looking well, Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you. I feel good Dr. Bowman.
dialog: The best I can remember in a long
dialog: time actually.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 77.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: That’s wonderful to hear. Have you
dialog: had anymore hallucinations since
dialog: our last session?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Just one. I saw a raccoon in my
text: bathroom. But it passed quickly.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: That’s good news. That tells me the
dialog: Invega is working. How's your
dialog: anxiety been?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Comes and goes. I had a pretty bad
dialog: argument with my Mother the other
dialog: day. We said a lot of horrible
dialog: things to each other.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: I’m sorry to hear that.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Don’t be. I think it helped me get
dialog: past some stuff, cleared my mind.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Well, good. Sometimes confronting
dialog: something or someone who has been a
dialog: source of stress in our lives can
dialog: often help us deal with our other
dialog: issues.
text: Dr. Bowman notices the piece of paper.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you have there?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I went shopping for wedding dresses
dialog: today. I didn’t find one but the
dialog: shop keeper was lovely and she gave
dialog: me the number for a wedding
dialog: chaplain.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: That was nice of her.
text: He stands, walks to his desk. He returns with her file. He is
text: making a note.
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 78.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: So other than the raccoon and some
dialog: anxiety, you haven’t had any other
dialog: episodes?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No. And things with Grant have been
dialog: much better. That feeling I was
dialog: having about him leaving me passed.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: That’s good. And have you been
dialog: taking the Saphris?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, not yet. I haven’t felt like I
dialog: needed too. Like you said, I guess
dialog: the Invega must be working.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: I’m sure that it is but I’d like
dialog: you to take a Saphris tonight. 10
dialog: milligrams.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (Concerned. )
dialog: 10? But I thought you said that was
dialog: for extreme circumstances.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: That’s correct but it’s also
dialog: preventative. Considering the
dialog: occurrence with Tim was fairly
dialog: recent followed by the argument
dialog: with your Mother, I'd rather be
dialog: safe than sorry. These types of
dialog: situations can often cause a
dialog: relapse due to stress. Why not nip
dialog: it in the bud now?
text: He smiles a re-assuring smile. She gazes up at the window.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nip it in the bud? Yes, I like that
dialog: idea.
text: Elizabeth takes a deep breath, stands, walks to the door,
text: stopping - she turns to him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (Heartfelt. )
dialog: Thank you Doctor Bowman. Thank you
dialog: for everything.
dialog: 50
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 79.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: It’s my pleasure Elizabeth. You're
dialog: a bright, warm young woman and I
dialog: want noting more than to help you
dialog: get back to living a full,
dialog: productive life. I’d like you to
dialog: call me tomorrow afternoon to tell
dialog: me how you’re feeling after taking
dialog: the Saphris, okay?
text: She nods, her smile tight. Her expression one of uncertainty.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 50
text: Elizabeth enters. The only light in the apartment is coming
text: from the Christmas tree and a large CUPCAKE sitting on the
text: coffee table with a single candle sticking out of the top.
text: She closes the door, walks to the coffee table and squats
text: down. She stares at the cupcake, her eyes transfixed by the
text: candle.
text: We are TIGHT on her FACE. The glow from the candle light
text: illuminates her face.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What's this for?
text: She glances up. We follow her eyes to Grant. He is sitting
text: across from her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Happy One Year Anniversary.
text: She stares at the cupcake.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong babe?
text: She nods, looking up - her eyes teary.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I forgot. I didn’t get you
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I don’t care about that. And
dialog: besides, with everything that’s
dialog: been going on...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We can’t keep making excuses for me
dialog: because of my mental health.
dialog: 51
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 80.
text: Grant doesn’t respond. He simply looks at her, his eyes
text: filled with sadness while her eyes remain fixed on the
text: candle.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (Sotto. )
dialog: I can’t believe I forgot. I’m
dialog: nothing without you.
text: The CAMERA holds on them - framed perfectly on the floor, the
text: candle light from the cupcake flickering between their faces
text: as they sit quietly.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 51
text: Elizabeth is standing in front of the mirror. She looks
text: despondent for a moment.
text: She opens her pills case, downs the contents, turns on the
text: sink faucet, brings her lips to the water and drinks. She
text: stands, tilting her head back, swallowing the pills.
speaker_heading: GRANT (0.C.)
dialog: You coming to bed babe?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yeah in sec.
text: She reaches for something. We can see she is holding the
text: Saphris Pill Case. She twirls it in her hand for a moment
text: before sliding one out.
text: She tears the tin silver covered pill from the pack and opens
text: it. The pill is white, flat and chalky in appearance.
text: And with that, she places the tab under her tongue. We hold
text: on her face. She makes a contorted face while the pill
text: dissolves. She shakes both her hands in a fast yet steady
text: pace as if that will somehow make the pill go down easier.
text: It’s finally dissolved. She rinses her mouth out under the
text: faucet and looks at the White Plastic sleeve the pills came
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Black cherry flavored my ass.
text: She takes a long hard look at herself in the mirror and
text: suddenly, she smiles a soft, content smile. She talks loud
text: enough for Grant to hear her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m coming, my husband to be!
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 81.
speaker_heading: GRANT (0.S.)
dialog: Ohhh ...sounds like someone is
dialog: getting lucky tonight. Are we
dialog: feeling frisky?
text: She beams ear to ear.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Maybe?
text: She looks at herself in the mirror one last time.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Start living life Elizabeth.
text: And with that, she leaves the bathroom.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: NOTEBOOK - INSERT 52
dialog: Close on the Notebook:
dialog: “Somebody get some shoes and rice and presents to take...”
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 53
text: Over the title card we begin to hear, “At Last” by Etta
dialog: James.
text: Elizabeth and Grant are spooning on the couch, their eyes
dialog: closed.
text: The CAMERA hovers above them.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (Soft. )
dialog: Elizabeth?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: How come we never open the futon?
dialog: After a thoughtful beat-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Before you I guess I just got use
dialog: to sleeping alone.
dialog: (MORE )
dialog: 54
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 82.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: We'll open it tomorrow night. I
dialog: promise.
text: Grant’s eyes open. He stares longingly at the back of her
text: head.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I love you Elizabeth.
text: He closes his eyes. She opens hers.
text: The CAMERA pushes in slowly. Closer and closer until we are
text: pushed in TIGHT on Elizabeth. A slight smiles creases her
text: face.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I love you too.
text: She closes her eyes, falling into a deep sleep. The song
dialog: continues to play as we-
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 54
text: We come out of the dissolve from night to day.
text: Elizabeth's eyes slowly open. We are in the same TIGHT shot
text: of her face we ended on in the previous moment.
text: The song is still playing. She squints at the Sunlight
text: beating down on her face through the blinds.
text: WE PULL BACK to reveal she is alone on the couch. She doesn’t
text: think much of it at first. She moves around slightly, lifting
text: her head. She is loopy from the medication.
text: Elizabeth calls out softly.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Grant?
text: Elizabeth waits a moment. She sits up. The song continues to
dialog: play.
text: She reaches for her glass of water on table and takes a sip.
text: She stands holding the water - walking toward the kitchen.
text: The CAMERA remains in the living room. Elizabeth walks out of
text: sight, into the kitchen.
dialog: 55
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 83.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Grant?
text: The CAMERA catches her as she crosses from the other side of
text: the kitchen - disappearing into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Grant?
text: She exits the bathroom - ending back up in the living room.
text: The song, “AT LAST” has played to its final cord.
text: Something terrible occurs to Elizabeth. She looks down at the
text: floor for what seems like an eternity - lost in thought.
text: We begin a slow push in on her. We hear Grant’s voice-
speaker_heading: GRANT (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes we hold onto things we
dialog: know aren’t good for us because
dialog: we're afraid of what will happen if
dialog: we let go.
text: She looks up - her face filled with pure despair.
text: The CAMERA travels down her arm to the GLASS in her hand. Her
text: body goes limp - her grip loosens on the glass.
text: TOTAL SILENCE as the everything turns to SLOW MOTION - the
text: glass slips from her hand - plunging toward the floor in slow
text: motion. As the glass falls we continue to hear Grant’s voice-
speaker_heading: GRANT (V.0.)
dialog: But when we finally let them go
text: it’s ...it’s like a weight off our
dialog: chest and then we’re truly free.
dialog: It’s a good thing. Trust me.
text: We come back to full speed and sound as-
text: The glass EXPLODES onto the floor. Elizabeth’s face is filled
dialog: with grief. She is emotionally crippled as we-
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD LOBBY - FLASHBACK OF SC. 6 55
text: Elizabeth is on the pay phone where we first met her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Grant asked me to marry him and I
dialog: said yes...
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 84.
text: We begin to hear an earlier conversation between Elizabeth
text: and Dr. Bowman over the following visuals-
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - FLASHBACK OF SC. 9 56
text: Elizabeth sits alone on the couch in her bathrobe drinking
dialog: tea - no Grant in sight.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Elizabeth, I need you to listen to
dialog: me very carefully and try to
dialog: understand what I’m about to say,
dialog: okay?
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - FLASHBACK OF SC. 11 57
text: Elizabeth dumps her pills all over the table - no grant in
text: sight.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (V.O.)
dialog: The best thing you can do is ignore
dialog: the voices and hallucinations at
dialog: all costs.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRISTMAS TREE LOT - FLASHBACK OF SC. 20 58
text: Elizabeth walks alone in the lot - no Grant in sight.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Don't make friends with them, don't
dialog: talk to them...
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - FLASHBACK OF SC. 21 59
text: Elizabeth is sitting on the floor in front of the Christmas
text: tree alone - no Grant in sight.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Don’t even acknowledge them.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 85.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S CLOSET - FLASHBACK OF SC. 26 60
text: Elizabeth is sitting alone in the closet, gripping the pillow
dialog: - no Grant in site.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Even if they’re nice to you.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S BATHROOM - FLASHBACK OF SC. 41 61
text: Elizabeth stands alone in the shower, her arms wrapped around
text: herself - no Grant in sight.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (V.O.)
dialog: We don't want you to engage with
dialog: any of the hallucinations. It could
dialog: potentially worsen your state of
dialog: mind.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - FLASHBACK OF SC. 51 62
text: Elizabeth sits on the floor, staring at the cupcake alone -
dialog: no Grant in sight.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (V.O.)
dialog: I understand how real these
dialog: hallucinations might feel when
dialog: they’re happening, but they’re not.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD LOBBY - FLASHBACK OF SC. 5 63
text: We are back to where we first met Elizabeth once again as she
text: stands up from the pay phone, slamming it down.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth crosses the CAMERA and starts walking down the same
text: hallway we saw The Head Nurse walk down in the opening of the
text: film. She turns into a room.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 86.
text: CLOSE ON A SINGLE BED - INSERT: 64
text: Sitting on a SINGLE BED on top of a WHITE BLANKET are the
text: Bridal Magazine and Notebook Elizabeth has been using but
dialog: unlike in the previous times we have seen them they now
text: appear worn - tattered even, as if they have been used over
dialog: and over again for a long period of time.
text: Her hands comes into frame, scooping them up.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD COMMON ROOM - NIGHT 65
text: We PAN around the room revealing the lay out for the first
text: time. We can’t help but notice an eerie familiarity about it.
text: -The couch to the left.
text: -A coffee table in front of it.
text: -Windows covered by wooden blinds.
text: -A round two-seater table with two chairs.
text: -In the corner - a Fake Christmas tree with nothing but
text: silver tinsel on it. The same kind of tinsel Elizabeth used
dialog: to make her ring.
text: -A built in TV cabinet on the other wall. Just like in the
text: opening scene - STATIC is the only thing playing on the TV.
text: We stay on the TV for a moment, then-
text: Elizabeth walks into room and sits on the couch. She is
text: wearing sweat pants, a baggy sweatshirt and those thick
text: hospital socks from the opening scene - her hair sloppily
text: tied back.
text: The Note book and Bridal Magazine rest on the couch beside
text: her. Elizabeth stares straight ahead. Her eyes glazed over.
text: An odd, distant look planted on her face.
text: We stay in a WIDE SHOT as we begin to hear the following
text: conversation between Dr. Bowman and Elizabeth’s Mother,
dialog: Carol.
speaker_heading: CAROL (V.0.)
dialog: I thought you said she was making
dialog: progress?
dialog: 66
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 87.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (V.O.)
dialog: She is. But the type of
dialog: Schizophrenia Elizabeth has is very
dialog: uncommon and can manifest symptoms
dialog: in many ways, including a change in
dialog: her perceptions that can influence
dialog: her sense of reality. In her
dialog: particular case this not only
dialog: includes hearing voices that are
dialog: not real or seeing something that
dialog: is not actually present, she also
dialog: has tactile hallucinations that
dialog: create a sensation of physical
dialog: contact. In addition she has the
dialog: type of anxiety symptoms which are
dialog: consistent with a diagnosis of OCD.
dialog: All of these symptoms at once can
dialog: lead to severe distress and be very
dialog: disabling. With all of these
dialog: medical conditions to manage, it’s
dialog: going to be very challenging and
dialog: extremely important to have an
dialog: effective treatment plan and to
dialog: stick with it.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BOWMAN’S OFFICE - DAY 66
text: Carol and Dr. Bowman are mid-conversation. The CAMERA cuts
text: back and forth between them - remaining TIGHT on their faces,
text: almost filling the entire screen.
dialog: You can tell by the look on Carol's face that either she
dialog: didn’t understand a word he just said or doesn’t want to
dialog: accept it.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What does that even mean?
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Mrs. O'Neil, you...
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (She interrupts him.)
dialog: O'Neil was her Father’s name. I’m
dialog: remarried now. Please, call me
dialog: Carol.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Of course.
dialog: (Clearing his throat.)
dialog: Carol, your daughter’s mental
dialog: health is, well, severe in nature.
dialog: (MORE )
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 88.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Stress, let alone a traumatic event
dialog: can easily trigger a psychotic
dialog: episode.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I’m sorry Dr. Bowman but I just
dialog: don’t understand any of this.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: The first appearance of the
dialog: hallucination Elizabeth came to
dialog: identify as Grant seems to have
dialog: coincided with the death of her
dialog: Father last year. So although the
dialog: medication did in fact eliminate
dialog: her hallucinations, including the
dialog: one of Grant, it uncovered a deeper
dialog: emotional and psychological
dialog: detachment.
text: Carol appears to drift off in thought for a moment.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (Deep sigh.)
dialog: Did Elizabeth mention that she and
dialog: her Father had started speaking
dialog: again just before he died?
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: No, she hadn’t mentioned that.
text: Carol let’s out a sad, reflective laugh.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: They were very close before we
dialog: split up. Every Sunday they would
dialog: order Chinese food and watch movies
dialog: all damn day. They’d laugh and he’d
dialog: tell her stories. It was their
dialog: special time together.
dialog: (Beat, soft.)
dialog: He’d even tell her that some day a
dialog: wonderful guy, like some knight in
dialog: shining armor would come along and
dialog: marry her and she would say...
text: Carol chokes up. She composes herself.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: ...She would say, I hope I meet a
dialog: great guy just like you Daddy.
dialog: (Beat. )
dialog: He called her his little “Lizzy
dialog: Blue”.
dialog: 67
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 89.
text: Dr. Bowman can see the pain in her face.
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: I’m sorry Carol.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: DR. BOWMAN
dialog: Dr. Sanders and I have decided it
dialog: would be best to keep her here at
dialog: Statewood. Hopefully, after some
dialog: time and the proper treatment
dialog: Elizabeth will be able to break
dialog: free from the notion that she’s
dialog: lost the love of her life.
text: Carol takes a long, thoughtful beat before looking directly
dialog: at Dr. Bowman.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Is this my fault?
text: We CUT TO a WIDE TWO SHOT of Carol and Dr. Bowman sitting
text: across from one another. They hold their gaze. No words are
text: spoken.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL WARD COMMON ROOM - NIGHT 67
text: Elizabeth remains on the couch in a complete daze. A moment
text: later, a NURSE walks in. We can only see her from about the
text: waist down.
speaker_heading: JANE (0.C.)
dialog: Hi Elizabeth, how are you feeling
dialog: today sweetie? Can I get you
dialog: anything? Maybe a cup of water?
text: No response. The Nurse turns toward the TV and notices the
text: static. For the first time we reveal her face and her name
text: tag. It’s Jane from the Bridal shop, only it’s actually Nurse
dialog: Jane.
text: A sad smile crosses Jane's face as she looks at the static
text: then back to Elizabeth, who is completely checked out.
text: She walks toward the TV. Just as she does, the HEAD NURSE
text: walks in.
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: Jane turns
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 90.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Nothing, I was going to put
text: something on the TV for Elizabeth.
dialog: to Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like to watch anything in
dialog: particular?
text: The Head Nurse turns to Jane. Soft but firm-
speaker_heading: HEAD NURSE
dialog: You can put anything you want on
dialog: that TV or just turn it off all
dialog: together. It won’t make a
dialog: difference either way. All she ever
dialog: does is sit there, write in that
dialog: notebook and flip through that
dialog: bridal magazine.
dialog: (Beat. She takes a step
dialog: toward her.)
dialog: Listen, I know you’re new here but
dialog: you can’t give too much to the
dialog: patients. You won’t survive the
dialog: job. Now I need you to start
dialog: prepping the evening medications.
dialog: Rounds start in 30 minutes.
text: Jane understands. She nods. The Head Nurse leaves. Jane gives
text: one more, heartfelt look to Elizabeth, turns the channel and
text: leaves the
dialog: On the TV,
dialog: room.
dialog: the song,”SOMEBODY’S GETTING MARRIED” from The
text: Muppets Take Manhattan begins to play. We hold on the TV for
text: a few beats before turning to a WIDE SHOT of Elizabeth
dialog: sitting on
speaker_heading: The CAMERA
text: the couch.
text: begins a slow PUSH IN toward Elizabeth. We are
text: getting closer and closer to Elizabeth's face as the song
text: continues to play. Her eyes appear to be ever-so-slightly
dialog: tearing up
speaker_heading: The CAMERA
text: crescendo.
dialog: We are now
dialog: voice from
dialog: but we can’t tell if it’s happiness or sadness.
text: continues to move toward her. The song builds to a
text: TIGHT on Elizabeth's face. We hear Elizabeth's
text: an earlier conversation with Dr. Bowman-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: Do you know how scary it is when
dialog: you don’t know when life is real?
dialog: Sometimes I feel like I’m cursed.
dialog: (MORE )
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
text: V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 gl.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Like I’m living in a bad dream that
dialog: I can’t wake up from. My
dialog: relationship is suffering from
dialog: this. He says it’s not. Grant says
dialog: everything is okay and that we'll
dialog: get through this together. I don’t
dialog: know if I believe him. I want to.
text: Elizabeth closes her eyes so tight it looks painful.
text: CLOSE ON GRANT’S FACE: 68
text: He is looking directly into the camera - into Elizabeth's
text: eyes - as if he were standing right in front of her.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I love you Elizabeth Blue.
text: CLOSE ON ELIZABETH’S FACE: 69
text: Elizabeth's eyes open. We are so TIGHT that her blue eyes
text: fill the entire screen. We hold for a moment.
text: CUT TO: BLACK
dialog: The End!
text: 
