speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI (THE BUND) - DAY 1
text: Faintly heard, the SOUND of an English Boys' Church Choir.
text: We are looking at the distant skyline of the Shanghai Bund
text: seen across the expanse of the dirty, fast-moving Huangpu
dialog: River.
text: Nearer, the surface glitter of the water is broken up by
text: floating objects...which turn out to be, first of all,
text: flowers, scattered singly and in garlands, flowing by with
text: the tide tumbling about in the wash of the cargo ships and
text: motorized junks which we have seen in the background.
text: Inside the shot, after we have seen the first coffin, there
dialog: is a caption:
dialog: "In 1941 China had been at war with Japan for four years and
text: a Japanese army of occupation controlled the area around
text: Shanghai. Inside the cit thousands of Westerners lived
dialog: in the diplomatic security of the International Settlement:
dialog: their war was still half a world away. The day which was to
text: change everything dawned at Pearl Harbor on December 7th, but
text: in Shanghai, on the other side of the Pacific Date Line, that
dialog: Sunday morning was still the last day of the peace. i
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI CATHEDRAL -PM c 6) OB 9 2
dialog: We are still with the so of \. oys' C Ly.
dialog: The Europeans built the church and you wouldn't know you
dialog: were in China. There is nobody walking around because
dialog: anyone who belongs here is inside at worship. The
text: WORSHIPPERS' cars and limousines are waiting to take them
text: home. Each car has a CHAUFFEUR and it is the chauffeurs,
dialog: when we see them, who show us that we are not in Surrey.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: We start to take a special interest in one of the cars, a
text: new Packard, and in its chauffeur, who is called YANG.
scene_heading: INT. SHANGHAI CATHEDRAL (CHOIR STALLS) - DAY 3
text: The SOUND TRACK “comes home" now as we see the boy
text: CHORISTERS in full throat.
dialog: 
dialog: In good time for the "Amen" we come in close to one of the |
dialog: boys, and this is our introduction to JIM, aged 11. He is
text: hot and uncomfortable and not a very pious chorister.
text: Singing mechanically, he shifts his gaze around and uses
text: his fingers to loosen his collar. "Amen."
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI RESIDENTIAL STREET - DAY
dialog: The Packard
dialog: through the
dialog: release.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING
dialog: (Yang driving, Jim nex:
text: dust of a side-street,
speaker_heading: PACKARD - DAY
dialog: t to him) bowls along
text: A feeling of happy
text: Jim, in "Sunday clothes", is removing his school tie.
dialog: Go
dialog: Yang shakes
dialog: Pl
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: on.
text: his head.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ease, Yang. Just once
dialog: more, show
dialog: me how you did it in the films.
dialog: Yang glances
dialog: to the gas.
text: over his shoulder and
text: then puts his foot hard
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI RESIDENTIAL STREET - DAY
text: feet in the air,
dialog: four-wheel s
dialog: lide during which....
scene_heading: INT. MOVING PACKARD - of MC
dialog: We see Jim hi
dialog: pleasure...as Yang,
dialog: other contro
dialog: disposing of
dialog: which he get.
text: cheering him
scene_heading: EXT. AMHERST
dialog: The Packard
text: as it passes
dialog: Each of the
dialog: perhaps bare
dialog: into one of
dialog: who sits by
dialog: tin on the g
dialog: anging on for dear
dialog: lling th
speaker_heading: H 0¢89
text: life and shouting with
text: with one foot on the gas pedal and the
text: ¢ steering wheel, karate-chops the air,
text: imaginary enemies in the back seat...after
dialog: S$ the car under normal
dialog: on. .
speaker_heading: AVENUE - DAY
dialog: continues, now avoidin
dialog: control with Jim
dialog: g bicycles and pedestrians
text: the gateways of the European houses.
dialog: gateways is the territ
dialog: ly registers until we
dialog: the gateways and we no.
text: the gatepost in rags,
dialog: round as the Packard si
dialog: ory of a BEGGAR. This
dialog: see the Packard turn
scene_heading: te the OLD DESTITUTE MAN
text: banging an empty cigarette-
text: weeps by.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: 11A
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
scene_heading: INT. MOVING PACKARD - DAY 9
text: Jim twists in his seat to look at the old destitute man.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - OLD DESTITUTE MAN 10
text: from the moving car.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE (LAWN) - DAY ll
text: The giant shadow of a plane Passes over him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Zero sen.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PLANE 11lA
dialog: Jim knows his planes, it's a Zero.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 12
text: He sits on his bike next to the pool. The pool is a marble
text: affair with mosaic on the bottom and lies in the middle of
text: a vast green lawn. Yang fired Jim's imagination and he is
text: carrying his air rifle, and when an imaginary gangster
text: creeps up behind him, Jim whips around and fires. Jim gets
text: on his bike and coasts down the slope of the pool, past the
text: flower beds and the lily pond.
speaker_heading: fo Ae eS
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GARDENER L Avsowi
text: He crouches by a flower bed and watches the boy ride past,
text: towards the house, dispatching imaginary villains to a
dialog: better world on the way.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE (ESTABLISHING SHOT) 13
text: It's Surrey in the sun, a wistful colonial re-creation of a
text: manor house. Only the spiral of a Pagoda (in the BG) tells
dialog: us that we aren't in England on a rare sunny day.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - DAY 14
text: JIM'S MOTHER, an English woman, smoking an English cigarette
dialog: while listening to English music ("We're the girls every boy
text: adores?") on an American radio, looks out the open doors.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE (LAWN) = DAY
scene_heading: JIM'S MOTHER'S POV - JIM
text: riding his bike on the lawn.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JIM'S MOTHER
text: “She smiles to herself and goes back to her Magazine. We
text: know she loves Jim very much because she is surrounded by
text: pictures of him (Jim as a baby; Jim as a toddler; Jim on
text: his first day of school; etc.). The MUSIC on the radio is
text: interrupted by a news bulletin (WAR NEWS).
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (JIM'S BEDROOM) - EVENING
text: Jim's bedroom has quite a few trophies of a lucky boy's
text: life; a beautiful kite, an air rifle, roller skates. But,
text: it serves mainly as a shrine to the airplane. There are
text: model planes everywhere; some hanging realistically from
text: threads on the ceiling; others stand posed for take off on
dialog: the dresser.
text: Jim sits behind a boys desk while the family Beagle devours
text: Jim's dinner which he has put on the floor. Jim is writing
text: furiously in a school book. After a few moments, he HEARS
text: his parents getting ready for bed (the closing of doors and
text: the running of water). Jim closes the book.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE BOOK EMCH 0689
text: It reads in childish script, "Contract Bridge the James
dialog: Harding Way".
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (HALL) - EVENING
text: Jim creeps through the hallway, his parents bedroom door is
text: partially open.
text: He SEES his mother behind her make-up mirror, removing her
text: eye shadow with a piece of cotton wool. Rouge, powder, and
text: lipstick are stripped away until her face looks blank.
text: Then she opens her nightgown and, with a big powder puff,
text: applies some talcum powder (against the heat) on her
text: chest. The radio is on, playing WAR NEWS.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He is fascinated by his mother.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: is
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: t
dialog: 
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: °
text: The talcum powder billows around Jim's mother. She sees Jim
text: in her mirror.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (HALL) - EVENING 19
text: Quietly, Jim turns away from his parents bedroom and makes
text: his way to his own room.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER (OS)
dialog: Good-night, darling.
text: Convinced that his mother has supernatural powers, Jim
text: freezes in the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (JIM'S BEDROOM) - NIGHT 20
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He wakes up.
text: He SEES his mother's cigarette glowing in the dark and,
text: when she takes a drag, he can briefly see her whole face.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: Hello, Ace.
dialog: I was soma hf 6 C 8 9
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: JIM .
text: (drowsily, like a little boy)
dialog: Nothing, he was playing tennis.
text: His mother laughs. Jim, irritated by the smoke, waves it
text: away. His mother gets up and puts her cigarette out in the
dialog: wash basin. . ’
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Will there be conjurers at the party?
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: I expect there well be. What's a
dialog: Party without conjurers. (pause)
dialog: But you musn't show disappointment
dialog: if there aren't any. :
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: No, that would be rude.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED? 6
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: How is your girlfriend?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Vera? (pause) She really isn't my
dialog: girlfriend, you know. She says I am
dialog: a lucky boy because we live in a big
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: Well, you are a lucky boy.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Are you a lucky woman? Is my father
dialog: a lucky. man?
text: A wave of emotion comes over Jim's mother and she hugs her son.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: We are the luckiest people in the
dialog: world.
text: She lets Jim go and walks to the door.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: Good-night, Jamie.
speaker_heading: como MEH C89
text: And she closes the door.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: His eyes are open as he HEARS the drone of the Japanese
text: squadrons in the sky.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - DAY 21
text: We see that a wind-up gramophone is playing the scratchy
text: MUSIC of a bygone England, and in the mysterious afternoon
text: light, more mysteriously still, a Pierrot is dancing
text: quietly and alone to the music.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE - DAY 22
text: The gramophone MUSIC continues faintly.’ We see Jim's house
text: and the Packard parked outside the front door with Yang
text: behind the wheel.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (JIM'S BEDROOM) - DAY 23
text: Jim is dressed in a Sinbad outfit. Jim chooses a plane to
text: take with him to the fancy dress party and he settles on a
dialog: balsa-wood glider.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSY SHANGHAI STREET - DAY 24
text: We are immediately in a very crowded street scene. Car
text: ' HORNS BLARE continuously as the traffic pushes slowly
text: through the bicycles and rickshaws, going past shops, night
text: clubs, gambling dens, and a hotel.
text: The hotel is crowned by the free-standing letters of its
text: name, against the skyline: CATHAY HOTEL.
text: The pavements and roadway are crowded with a bewildering
text: mixture of pedestrians. CHINESE PEASANTS going to market
text: with burdens of fruit and vegetables and bales of cloth hung
text: from yokes, and STREET VENDORS selling caged songbirds, live
text: chickens, snacks of frying snake...and then, outside a
text: cinema showing "The Hunchback of Notre Dame", a couple of
text: dozen. HUNCHBACKS in medieval costume welcoming the CUSTOMERS;
text: who are also being solicited by a few neatly dressed EUROPEAN
text: REFUGEES trying to sell small pieces of jewelry to the
text: RICHER CHINESE and EUROPEANS entering the cinema.
text: Two or three JEWISH BOYS are being chased by a GANG of
scene_heading: GERMAN BOYS with swas dg: iF\i ening in
dialog: the thick of the meleg ur rs the
dialog: flower-decked coffin es l¥ingyni et.
text: CHINESE POLICE move in to separate the brawling German and
dialog: Jewish youths.
dialog: The Packard is part of all this.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING PACKARD (SHANGHAI STREET) - DAY 25
text: Yang is driving. Next to him is Sinbad the Sailor. Yang
text: glances into the driving mirror and sees a Pierrot and a
text: Pirate with a black eyepatch (Jim's father) in the backseat.
text: What he thinks about it all, we don't know. Jim is holding
dialog: his model glider.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSY SHANGHAI STREET - DAY 26
text: BEGGARS, are laying siege to the slow-moving vehicles. A
text: small, BEGGAR BOY jumps up at the window of the Packard with
text: a cry.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 8
speaker_heading: BEGGAR BOY
dialog: _ (in chinese)
dialog: Have pity on me.
text: The moving Packard passes through and Jim turns to look at
dialog: him.
dialog: We are approaching a check-point dividing the International
text: Settlement from the rest of Shanghai.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI STREET CHECK-POINT - DAY
text: The Packard is in a line of cars slowly moving through the
text: checkpoint. This is a kind of frontier manned by BRITISH
text: SOLDIERS and CHINSESE POLICE. There is a BRITISH ARMY
text: OFFICER perched on top of an armored car. He is supervising
text: the Chinese police who are controlling the people passing
text: through the checkpoint in both directions.
text: Ahead of the Packard is an open German tourer flying
text: swastika pennants, evidently a party of IMPORTANT GERMAN
speaker_heading: CIVILIANS.
text: The Packard is waved through the checkpoint.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCKWOOD HOUSE (ESTABLISHING SHOT) ~- DAY
dialog: This is an establishing skotgs rin perey TRE Cc! d,
dialog: among other cars, has arrive t lear hai é@ are no
dialog: longer "in town". U f
text: The Lockwoods' are well-off British residents and have an
text: appropriately spacious house.
text: The CHAUFFEURS wait.
text: Faintly heard, the SOUND of children shrieking with
dialog: laughter.
dialog: The main point about the "Lockwood location", which may be
dialog: clearer when we move to the terrace-side of the house, is
text: that the house is at the edge of a disused airfield which
dialog: is mainly grass.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCKWOOD HOUSE (TERRACE) - DAY
text: The SOUND of children squealing and laughing OS. We pick
text: up on the balsa-wood and tissue-paper model plane gliding
text: into the water at the edge of a swimming pool. It is
text: retrieved by MAXTED, a rakish figure in a sharkskin suit
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ;
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
text: and a Panama hat with a distinctive band, a glass in his
text: hand, a cheroot in his mouth. The plane is reclaimed by
text: Jim. He is wearing the Sinbad outfit. He has run up to
text: Maxted, who gives him the plane.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: There you are, Jamie. Navigation
dialog: problems?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thanks, Mr. Maxted. You came as
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: (acknowledging his
dialog: own clothes)
dialog: Quite fancy enough. You're missing
dialog: the conjurers.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I had them at my party.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 30
text: This shows that at the other end of the terrace a group of
text: CHILDREN, all in various fancy dress, are sitting down
text: being entertained by CHINESE CONJURERS and ACROBATS. The
text: terrace leads into the hous 0) YP doors and we are
dialog: aware of the grownups insid in cy/ 3; one
dialog: of these, dressed as Father/Chri as t 0) le,
text: comes out and calls to Maxted." ( i . )
speaker_heading: LOCKWOOD
dialog: Max! - Do you want to hear the news?
text: Without waiting for an answer, Lockwood goes back into the
text: house...joining the guests inside. We go with him.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKWOOD HOUSE - DAY 31
text: There are perhaps 30 GUESTS. Most of them are in fancy
text: dress. There is an elaborate buffet, which is now being
text: served to a bizarre collection of characters some of whom
dialog: we will glimpse again at a very different "buffet" later
dialog: on, and they will stay in our memory: an EMPEROR, a FRENCH
scene_heading: COURTESAN, an ALI BABA, a CARMEN MIRANDA, a CHARLIE CHAPLIN,
text: and so on. MRS. LOCKWOOD, dressed as Britannia, is in
text: charge. We take time to notice a large bowl full of bank
dialog: notes and labelled "Spitfire Fund". °
text: The guests who are not at the buffet are preoccupied with a
text: RADIO BROADCAST delivering the BBC Overseas Newscast which
dialog: competes with the babble:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: RADIO (VO)
dialog: - ...have held up the German advance
dialog: on the Eastern front. This bulletin
dialog: will be followed by a report from
dialog: our. correspondent with the Russian
text: army which is poised for a massive
text: counter-offensive. Meanwhile, in
dialog: Washington, the Japanese Ambassador
dialog: has again been summoned to the White
dialog: House for talks on the Japanese
dialog: sphere of influence in the South
text: Pacific. On his way to the meeting,
dialog: the ambassador repeated assurances
dialog: to reporters that Japan had no
dialog: warlike intentions towards the
dialog: United States. At home, the
dialog: Minister of food...
text: The Pierrot and the Pirate are, of course, among the guests.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCKWOOD HOUSE - DAY 32
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: I rely on you to keep me up to date
dialog: on the war, Jamie. Especially
dialog: military aviation.
text: Maxted looks up towards the drone of an airplane flying
speaker_heading: ns EMGH 0089
dialog: Zero?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (squinting up)
text: Nakajima. Two machine guns. Which
dialog: side is going to win, Mr. Maxted?
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Ours, of course.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh, that war.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: It's the war. Europe, North
dialog: Africa...China isn't our war.
speaker_heading: JIM i
dialog: I'd like to be a pilot someday...a
dialog: brave fighter pilot.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 11
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: They'll jump at you. I hear you've
dialog: resigned from the Scouts.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes. I've become an atheist.
text: Jim looks at his mother through the open living room doors.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - LIVING ROOM 33
text: Jim sees his mother and Mrs. Lockwood engaged in an animated
text: conversation with a young Lieutenant (LIEUTENANT PRICE).
text: Lt. Price is the embodiment of the Byronic officer. He is
text: young, no more than twenty, extremely handsome (a la Rupert
text: Brooke), and dashing.
text: Lt. Price reaches over to a fruit bowl and plucks a red
text: shiny apple from it and he bites rather savagely into it.
scene_heading: LT. PRICE
dialog: It's very ripe.
text: Mrs. Lockwood and Jim's mother titter nervously.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCKWOOD HOUSE (GARDEN) - DAY 34
text: Jim launches his wardens rgss™’ ga om the pool
dialog: and the house, colee Bx sues £y going to
dialog: travel an iepresstes ba: cit.
speaker_heading: ~ MAXTED
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (running, over
dialog: his shouldei}
dialog: See something!
text: Maxted turns to look at the magic show which is coming to
text: one of its climaxes to appreciative squeals and applause;
text: two of the acrobats, one on the other's shoulders, blossom
text: into an eruption of red paper and turn themselves into a
text: large red cockerel. Maxted evidently has seen it all
dialog: before.
text: Jim's father approaches Maxted from the direction of the
text: party. He is carrying his glass and a dish of snacks.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Your boy tells me he's an atheist.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 12
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: - I always thought he was. Chow time.
text: Jim's father offers a snack. Maxted takes one and nibbles.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Hitler's bogged down two hundred
dialog: miles from Moscow. I give him three
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Good show.
text: He SEES a Chinese man, MR. CHEN, standing by himself in a
text: business suit. He watches the Party with detachment.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: (to Jim's father)
dialog: There is somebody I would like you
dialog: to meet.
text: They walk over toward Mr. Chen.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Mr. Chen, allow me to introduce you
dialog: to a friend of mine.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: James Hardi - Ho ou.
dialog: Mr. Chen is an extremel ured fm 0 a ‘eyes anda
dialog: face where irony and ea esion live sidé by side.
speaker_heading: MR. CHEN
dialog: (in beautiful
dialog: accentless English)
dialog: Mr. Harding, I know of you.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Oh, really?
speaker_heading: MR. CHEN
dialog: Yes, some of my associates helped
dialog: organize the workers in your factory.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: (laughes)
dialog: Well, they did a good job.
speaker_heading: MR. CHEN
dialog: May I give you some advice, Mr.
dialog: Harding?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 13
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: _ Of course.
speaker_heading: MR. CHEN
dialog: You are not a bad man. Get out of
dialog: Shanghai while you can. Because the
dialog: Japanese will take the city like
dialog: they took Nanking.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: They've left us alone so far.
speaker_heading: MR. CHEN
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Mr. Harding, we have been fighting
dialog: the Japanese for years and
dialog: consequently, we have no illusions
dialog: about their intentions..
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Which are?
text: An AIDE to Mr. Chen walks up to him and whispers something
text: in his ear. Mr. Chen nods before directing his attention
text: back to Maxted and Jim's father.
speaker_heading: _ MR. CHEN
dialog: To dominate the Pacific. But we
dialog: shall defeat them. And then,
dialog: gentlemen: - -
dialog: Wr, ful
dialog: (w
dialog: {oor i *f 4) B g
dialog: we shall tak back
dialog: (with eae in
dialog: Now, if you will excuse me.
text: And Mr. Chen and his Aide quickly leave the party.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: (watching Mr. Chen
dialog: disappear)
dialog: Formidable fellow, what?
text: Glancing casually across the airfield, Maxted evidently
text: SEES something which causes him suprise and perhaps
dialog: concern.
dialog: His POV shows us nothing untoward at first, but then some
text: kind of movement in the distance briefly reflects the sun
dialog: back to us.
dialog: 35
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 14
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED AIRFIELD - DAY 36
text: The airfield is not in use, but derelict and overgrown,
text: with an occasional blockhouse covered in turf and wild
text: sugarcane and nettles. Carrying his Plane, Jim wades
text: purposefully across the field, passing a burial mound with
text: rotting, lidless coffins protruding from the earth. Jim
text: Pauses to peer into the coffins, looking with interest at
text: the yellowing skeletons and skulls embalmed in the
text: _rain-washed mud. He moves on and reaches a crashed
text: Japanese fighter plane, partly stripped, with vegetation
text: growing through it, the metal rusted. Jim walks around the
text: tail, pleased to see the plane, and steps onto the
text: wing-root. He puts his model plane on the wing and climbs
text: into the cockpit.
scene_heading: INT. CRASHED FIGHTER (ABANDONED AIRFIELD)- DAY 37
text: Sitting in the cockpit, Jim examines and touches what is
text: left of the instrument panel. He mimes lifting his goggles
text: off his forehead over his eyes, looks sideways and raises
text: his hand in a signal - And the sigh of the wind in the
text: grasses turns into the SOUND of fighter planes warming up
text: all over the airfield.
dialog: Jim adds his own voice 01 m thé Bo} nd of
text: the plane taxiing and 2 ngf off. 088, he
text: decides that he is in aepifal t8 an making
text: machine gun noises with this mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED AIRFIELD - DAY 38
text: Jim climbs out onto the wing-root, picking up his model
text: plane and launching it. He jumps down off the wing and
text: runs after it.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE MODEL PLANE 39
text: sails quite a ways and lands on top of a ruined blockhouse.
text: Jim runs after it and starts climbing up the slope. From
text: his vantage point, Jim sees a FULLY-ARMED JAPANESE SOLDIER
text: looking up at him from a trench only a few yards away. Then
text: he sees that there are MORE SOLDIERS sitting along the whole
dialog: length of the trench...and that there is a second trench
text: also full of JAPANESE SOLDIERS, sitting and smoking and
text: glancing up at Jim. He has come across a company of Japanese
text: infantry concealed on the old battlefield. As Jim watches,
text: a JAPANESE SERGEANT gets to his feet casually picking up his
text: rifle and stamping out a cigarette. The sergeant climbs out
text: of the trench and, ignoring Jim, moves to start cutting off
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: 15
text: Jim's retreat. Sighing quietly to himself, the sergeant
text: starts. to climb up the slope toward Jim. Jim is now fright-
text: ened. Jim's father's voice is HEARD calling from the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER (os)
dialog: Jamie!
text: The sergeant stops climbing and looks thoughtful.
text: 40 - We SEE Jim's father, still dressed as a pirate, anxiously 40
text: searching the field and calling Jim's name. From where he
text: is, Jim's father can see the Japanese sergeant and more
text: Japanese infantry half-concealed in the grass. Then he sees
text: Jim approach in the distance. Jim's father makes to start
text: running. He is immediately stopped by Maxted's level voice.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: We see Maxted has also moved into the airfield.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Stand still, John.
text: Jim's father holds his breath while Jim approaches,
text: skirting another trench, watched by Japanese soldiers.
speaker_heading: IM' THER
speaker_heading: sieEMEH 0089
dialog: Hello, Jamie. fe} run
text: Jim reaches his father and they turn and walk back
text: hand-in-hand toward the house, Maxted also waiting for them
text: on their way.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Come on, you're missing the party.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I left my plane.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Never mind. Finders keeper, eh?
text: They reach Maxted who now moves with them.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Thanks, Max.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: The soldiers look as if they're
dialog: waiting for something to happen.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: They didn't look angry or anything.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: It's not their anger, it's their
dialog: patience.
text: Maxted looks back uneasily. Then the three of them move
text: back into safety.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCKWOOD HOUSE - DAY 41
text: The party is breaking up. We are at the front of the house
text: where the limousines are parked, some already leaving,
text: GUESTS in various fancy dress getting into cars, Mrs.
text: Lockwood bidding good-bye to people, the departing
text: children each with a present to take home.
text: Jim's father is standing talking-to Lockwood who still
text: wears his Father Christmas outfit, but has taken off his
text: white beard.
dialog: I R \
dialog: You should nofe fie sngrepes( hf} 8 G
dialog: the rest of u ar
speaker_heading: LOCKWOOD
dialog: I've lived in this countryside for
dialog: years. No one has bothered us.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Well, something's up...
text: A departing car, Maxted at the wheel, pauses by the two men.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: +.-Time to close ranks. What say,
dialog: Max?
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: I'd get Mary and the boy out
dialog: altogether.
text: He glances toward -
text: Jim and his mother (in her Pierrot costume) waiting in the
text: Packard, Jim in front, Yang standing by the car.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Somewhere safe. Singapore. Happy
dialog: Christmas, everybody.
text: . He puts his car into gear and moves off. He drives past
text: the Packard, waving to Jim. We hold on the Packard, Jim
dialog: waving.
scene_heading: INT. STATIONARY PACKARD - DAY 42
text: Jim returns Maxted's wave.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Actually, it's been a rotten day
dialog: altogether. Church in the morning,
dialog: lost my plane this afternoon, Latin
dialog: homework tonight. It's probably been
dialog: the worst weekend of my life.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: Let's hope so. I'll help you with
dialog: your Latin.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm giving up the choir anyway.
speaker_heading: “ JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: No, you're not.
speaker_heading: cme EMER. 0069
text: Yang opens the passenger door as Jim's father arrives and
text: gets into the car, saying -
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Right, Yang.
scene_heading: EXT. STATIONARY PACKARD. - DAY 43
text: Yang closes the passenger door and opens the driver's door,
text: gets into the car, starts the engine. The car circles
text: ‘round past Mr. and Mrs. Lockwood who wave good-bye. Hands
text: wave to them from the car.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING PACKARD (COUNTRY ROAD) - DAY 44
text: Jim's attention is directed through the windscreen and, as
text: always, his attention is animated, self-sufficient. Next
text: to him, Yang drives. Then, Yang's eyes change a little and
text: he glances over his shoulder toward Jim's father in the
dialog: backseat.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 45
dialog: 7
dialog: 46
dialog: @ 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 4g
dialog: 18
scene_heading: YANG'S POV FROM PACKARD = A JAPANESE ROADBLOCK 45
text: up ahead.
dialog: ' BACK TO SCENE 46
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: All right, Yang. Settle down,
dialog: Jamie, no talking.
text: He glances reassuringly at Jim's mother.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: They're becoming a nuisance.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE ROADBLOCK (COUNTRY ROAD) - DAY 47
text: There isn't very much to the roadblock. There is a pole
text: across the road, with perhaps a couple of Japanese military
text: vehicles in attendance, and a handful of SOLDIERS. Another
text: European car with GUESTS from the Lockwood party, is just
text: being allowed through the roadblock. The pole descends
text: again. The roadblock has also held up an ELDERLY CHINESE
text: COUPLE, sharing a bicycle on the back of which is roped a
text: large sack of cabbage leaves. A JAPANESE SOLDIER is using
text: his bayonet to rip through the sack looking for who knows
text: what. Now the Packard arrives and halts. Another JAPANESE
text: SOLDIER approaches Yang's window. Yang rolls down his
text: window. The soldier attempts to open the car door, but
text: it is locked.
scene_heading: INT. PACKARD ca MLE Q08 9 48
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Stay where you are, Yang.
text: The soldier puts his head into the Packard's window and for
text: a long moment gazes searchingly at Jim's father and Jim's
text: mother. Jim himself looks with frank curiosity at the
text: soldier. Yang stares straight ahead. Finally the soldier
text: straightens up and gives the order for the pole to be
text: raised. The Packard drives through the roadblock, passing
text: the bicycle and the old couple.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING PACKARD - DAY 49
text: The conversation in the backseat, in low tones, is private
text: without being secretive.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: - We're going to move into the hotel
dialog: for a few days.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: Why, John?
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: ...See which way things are going.
dialog: I don't want you and Jamie alone in
dialog: the house.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: The Japs aren't allowed into the
dialog: settlement.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: The Japs weren't allowed into
dialog: Manchuria. The Japs can go anywhere
dialog: they like. If the war comes East, I
dialog: don't know who will save us.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE - DAY Oo
dialog: 5
dialog: The Packard, occupants as be fp ling OF sidé he
dialog: front door. From "save us" the \e efhaps; ¢
dialog: two or three GARDENERS worki tsi®e “the h eh en
text: to the HOUSE SERVANT opening the front door as the family
text: gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: (to Jim, crisply)
dialog: One suitcase, no aeroplanes. And
dialog: don't forget your Latin book.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (HALL) - DAY 51
text: Entering the house, Jim's mother goes straight up the
text: stairs, meeting a servant (AMAH) who presses herself against
text: the wall. Jim's mother speaks to her briefly in Chinese
dialog: (about packing Jim's suitcase).
text: Jim's father enters a ground floor room through whose door
dialog: we might see him pick up papers from a desk and put them
text: into a briefcase. But we stay with Jim who moves through
text: the front hall, stripping off his Sinbad tunic, tossing it
text: inaccurately at a chair so that the tunic slips untidily
text: to the floor. Jim disappears towards the kitchen.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 20
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (KITCHEN) - DAY 52
text: Jim enters the kitchen of the house, and goes straight to
text: _the refrigerator. When he opens the refrigerator we SEE
text: that it is full of good things. Jim drinks from a bottle
text: of milk, replaces the bottle, closes the vefrigerator, and
text: "steals" a tasty morsel from under the busy hands of a
scene_heading: CHINESE COOK.
scene_heading: “INT. JIM'S HOUSE (JIM'S BEDROOM) = DAY 53
text: Amah is packing Jim's suitcase. Jim enters the bedroom,
text: hurrying.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thanks, Amah.
text: As he takes off his shirt, the Amah is carefully folding
text: his school blazer, with the badge of the Cathedral School
text: on the pocket, into the suitcase. Jim's father appears in
text: the doorway, half-dressed.
scene_heading: cme o, ose EMER.008 9
text: The Amah picks up a balsa-wood plane, perhaps because it is
text: lying on top of the school cap which she needs to pack.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't touch it, Amah. It's mine.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Jamie! Don't ever talk like that to
dialog: Amah!
text: He has moved toward Jim as though to strike him, but at the
text: last moment, embraces him tightly.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: You must be kind. Everything is
dialog: going to depend on kindness now.
text: He releases Jim and relents.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: You can take one plane. A small one.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: $8
dialog: $9
dialog: 60
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. CATHAY HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT/DAWN 54
text: The "small plane" is a Pocket-sized, metal die-cast, single
text: engine Japanese fighter. It is lying on a bedside table
dialog: which we haven't seen before
text: Jim is in pajamas, lying in a hotel bed. An AIRPLANE FLIES
text: somewhere by, surprisingly close. Jim opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (murmurs)
dialog: Nakajima.
text: Jim gets out of bed and goes to the window.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE RIVER 55
dialog: some shipping moored, thi Off af gu: move.
dialog: Nothing is yet distinct £. e.
text: Jim now moves back from the window and touches the switch 56
text: on the bedside light.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHAY HOTEL - DAWN/DARK 57
text: The light goes on in the 10th floor window. A faint glow
text: in the generally dark facade of the hotel.
scene_heading: INT. CATHAY HOTEL = DAWN 58
text: Jim is dressed for school. He is tying up his shoe and
text: notices that one of the soles is starting to come loose.
text: From beside the bed, where rests the small model plane, he
text: takes a book, Kennedy's Latin Primer. He opens it, but is
text: attracted to the window again.
speaker_heading: JIM'sS Pov $9
text: It is now dawn and a Japanese gunboat is signalling (a
text: flashing light) toward a British naval vessel flying the
dialog: White Ensign.
text: Jim returns to his bedside and picks up a flashlight. 60
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: F
dialog: I
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 22
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CATHAY HOTEL - DAWN 61
text: Jim is at the window, enjoying himself, laughing quietly as
text: he blinks the flashlight. An EXPLOSION tumbles Jim off the
text: window sill, cracking the glass of the window and igniting
text: the room in a brief glare. Then another explosion, and the
text: war seems to have started outside on the river. As Jim
text: picks himself up fearfully from the floor, the connecting
text: door into the next room is flung open and Jim's father
text: _dashes in, in his pajamas.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Jamie!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I didn't mean it! It was a joke!
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Get dressed!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I a
speaker_heading: == MCT DOR 9
text: Jim's father goes back through the door. Jim cautiously
text: approaches the windowsill, where his aghast face is lit by
text: flames.
scene_heading: INT. CATHAY HOTEL STAIRCASE/ELEVATORS 62
text: A mob of GUESTS are banging on the elevator cage.
text: Jim's father and mother, dragging Jim by the hand, are
text: fighting their way down the staircase. Jim is holding his
text: school cap and his airplane. The plane almost gets torn
text: from his grasp in the crush. He stuffs his cap and the
text: plane into his blazer pocket. In the confused hubbub and
text: SHOUTING, a few phrases can be distinguised...
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: ...The whole damned American
text: fleet...on the radio...at the
dialog: bottom of Pearl Harbor...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Do I have to go to school?
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER’
dialog: Come on -
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I haven't done my Latin.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 23
text: The three of them, hand in hand, push through the mob and
text: disappear down the stairwell.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHAY HOTEL - EARLY MORNING 63
text: The road outside the hotel is full of PANICKING PEOPLE,
text: some of them pushed aside by a Japanese armored car.
text: A platoon of Japanese infantry, with bayonets fixed, is
text: . trotting towards them along the Bund. Jim's father hurries
text: his wife and Jim along past the Parked cars till they reach
text: the Packard. They get into the car, which then moves out
text: into the stream of people.
scene_heading: INT. PACKARD - DAY 64
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: What are we going to do?
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: We have to get out - perhaps
dialog: there'll be a boat...
text: . (he glances over
dialog: : is shoulder at Jim),
dialog: I'm sorr M Hegde
dialog: The car can't move Fér péobie. ' other Wake! have moved in
text: behind and in front.
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV 65
text: Shows a Japangse tank not far behind them.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE - 66
text: An ENGLISHMAN in shirt sleeves raps on the driver's
text: window. Jim's father opens the window.
speaker_heading: ENGLISHMAN
dialog: There's men in the water...
dialog: British...
text: The Englishman moves away, struggling through the crowd
text: toward the river.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Jamie, look after your mother.
text: Jim's father forces his way out of the car and follows the
text: Englishman. He is hardly gone before the whole car is given
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 66A
speaker_heading: 66B
speaker_heading: 66A
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: @ conn.
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
text: a tremendous blow: the car behind has been pushed into the
text: Packard by a Japanese tank.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: Jamie, out of the car!
text: Jim picks himself up off the floor in the back and climbs
text: into the front seat when he finds that his door won't
text: open. By the time he gets out of the driver's door, his
text: mother has left the car and become part of the CROWD. As
text: the Japanese soldiers shove the crowd across the road they
text: are faced with Chinese civilians shoving back, struggling
text: with whatever they can pick up, pieces of broken wood from
text: carts crushed by the tank, rocks, etc.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - HIS MOTHER 66A
text: is being buffeted by the panicking mob. He sees her desperate,
text: scared face searching anxiously for him.
text: Jim shouts and waves, trying to attract her attention, but 66B
text: his view of her is already being obscured as the crowd
text: flows around the Packard.
dialog: Mother! Mummy!
dialog: sews ton = aa EMCH 0089 ws
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: being pressed back behind the crossed bayonets of rifles
text: held by Japanese soldiers as they are shoved by civilians
dialog: try to fight back.
text: Jim is knocked off his feet. Struggling to get some 66B
text: space for himself, he finds himself on the edge of the CONT.
text: crowd, the river in front of him. He runs towards the
text: river, and towards the direction taken by his father,
text: and when he gets there, we catch up on the situation.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI (THE BUND) = DAY 67
text: The ship's cutter from the British vessel is sinking in
text: shallow water, full of WOUNDED MEN. There is RIFLE FIRE
text: from the Japanese gunboat. BRITISH SAILORS, mostly
text: wounded, are also swimming and wading from the direction of
text: the cutter. The British vessel (The Petrel) is sinking in
text: mid-stream amid smoke and steam and flame.
dialog: 
text: Jim's father is among several BRITISH MEN who have stripped
text: off their jackets and are wading through the mud to meet
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: '
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
text: the wounded SAILORS who are drifting and struggling towards
dialog: the. shore.
text: In the shallows the sailors collapse helplessly in the
text: mud as the quickening tide ripples around them.
text: The reverse shot shows Jim struggling free from the chaos
text: of the Bund where JAPANESE OFFICERS and SOLDIERS are
text: screaming orders and lashing about, and already there are
text: DEAD BODIES with bayonet wounds lying on the wharf.
text: Jim jumps down into the mud and staggers towards his father
text: who is attempting to pull a BLOODIED YOUNG SAILOR out of
text: the water. Jim lends a hand and the effort exhausts both
dialog: Father and Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Good lad, Jamie - we brought them
dialog: out.
text: Jim and his father collapse on the mud. Jim's father sits
text: holding the sailor against his chest. The sailor's uniform
text: is burned and his face is blood stained.
dialog: The first debris f e i fd em;
text: life-jackets and p Ss ‘in! i of canvas
dialog: atte
text: awning with its tr, ing ropes.
text: Jim's father looks towards the sinking British poat.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: She's going.
text: A final explosion makes a fog-bank in the mid-stream. More
text: debris showers down from the exploding boat. The White
text: Ensign, still attached to its broken spar, splashes down
text: into the water a few yards downstream.
text: Jim wades downstream but the flag drowns before he reaches
text: it. Smoke and steam drift to the shore, enveloping him. He
text: loses touch and sight and his sense of direction. He can't
text: see his father anymore. He wades up towards the embankment
text: wall. The smoke thins for a moment allowing Jim to SEE a
text: line of Japanese infantry drawn up on the wharf with
text: bayonets fixed. Jim struggles to reach the roadway. A
text: CROWD OF PEOPLE are pushing along the road above his head.
text: Jim pulls himself up and is given a helping hand by a woman
text: in a black robe. We see then that she is a YOUNG NUN.
text: Japanese soldiers are shoving the people away from the
text: water's edge. The Nun pulls Jim away with her. Jim looks
text: back towards the river. °
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to the Nun)
dialog: Is the war over now?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 26
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE SMOKE 68
text: is clearing in mid-stream, and only the super-structure of
text: The Petrel is showing above the water. Beyond, on the
text: opposite shore, the red disc of the rising sun balances on
text: the eastern horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. AMHERST AVENUE - DAY 69
text: We recognize the. tree-lined street where Jim lives. Jim
text: wearily walks up the street towards his gates. The beggars
text: at the gates have disappeared. By Jim's gate there's only
text: the abandoned cigarette-tin to remind us of the beggar.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE - DAY 70
text: A scroll of paper with Japanese characters is fixed on the
text: door. Jim tries the door and finds it locked.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Amah!
text: He walks around the house, aware now of the deserted
text: feeling. The garden is unkempt. The water level in the
text: pool has dropped a t nd. the. water is mot clean. Jim
text: HEARS a military vépi PPE. chip rid ides briefly as a
dialog: Japanese armored c. oe! erie oi si r@jis a garbage
text: flap set into the ° é@ house’ néar e“kitchen. Jim
text: lifts the flap, takes off his cap and starts to squeeze
text: himself through the opening.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. JIM'S HOUSE (GARBAGE CHOPPER) - DAY 71
text: The shot is of Jim squeezing between the blades of the
text: electric garbage-chopper inside the chute.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (KITCHEN) - DAY 72
text: Jim squeezes his way into the kitchen which is empty. He
text: throws his cap on the table.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (HALL AND STAIRS) - DAY 73
text: Jim comes into the hall.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mother!
text: He goes to the stairs.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 27
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (PARENTS' BEDROOM) - DAY 74
text: The bedroom door is opened carefully by Jim who then looks
text: in and comes inside. The room has been disturbed, perhaps
text: looted. Scent bottles and powder boxes have been swept off
text: the dressing table. Clothes are in disarray on the unmade
text: bed. The polished parquet floor is covered in powder on
text: which there are confusing footprints. The dressing mirror
text: has been splintered. Jim sniffs the air, grimacing. He
text: comes forward and examines the footprints on the floor,
text: puzzled by them. There are the dainty footprints of a
text: woman and the large prints of soldiers’ boots. It looks
text: like the footprint patterns in a dance manual, and Jim
text: experimentally tries to follow the dance, placing his feet
text: into the prints until he can't make it work. He is standing
text: against the bed. He sits exhausted on the bed and picks up
text: his mother's nightdress, bringing it to his face and taking
text: comfort from its smell. He lies down holding the nightdress
text: to his face.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (DINING ROOM) - DAY 75
text: Jim is eating a meal, alone. He has laid his place
dialog: carefully at the part of the table where (we assume) he
text: always sits. The meal is a cold meal but evidentally the
text: house has been left with food in the pantry.
text: There is a clock on the sideboard. We become aware of it
dialog: in the moment that S &to £05 ry
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE (SWIMMING POOL) - DAY 76
text: Jim stands in the empty pool, examining the objects which
text: have been caught in the outlet. There is a surprising
text: number of them - a wine glass, a hair slide, a rubber sandal,
text: a marble, several copper. coins and finally an English
text: half-crown and a pair of sunglasses, both of which he
dialog: pockets.
text: Jim's appearance has begun to change. He is starting to
text: look unkempt, a bit haggard.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (KITCHEN) - DAY 77
text: Jim is trying to drink from the kitchen tap, but only an
text: occasional drop emerges from it. The fridge, its door open
text: to reveal that it is bare, is standing in a pool of water.
text: Jim shuts off the tap, superfluously, and then goes to the
text: fridge and finds a piece of cheese rind which he nibbles.
text: He drinks from the ice-tray. His cap is on the table.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 28
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (HALL) - DAY
text: The empty hall. Suddenly Jim appears on his bicycle,
text: riding out of one room and into another. .
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (DINING ROOM) - DAY
text: Jim bicycles slowly ‘round the dining room table and out
dialog: again.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (FATHER'S STUDY) - DAY
text: Jim enters the study at some speed, expertly circling the
text: desk, then knocking over a lamp and swerving through a door
dialog: into -
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - DAY
text: Jim cycles in, zigzagging among the furniture, passing the
text: wind-up gramophone which still has a record on the
text: turntable.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (HALL) - DAY .
dialog: We follow him on his bicy. Le, out gt e dr, wing oom and
text: across the hall, enjoying}hi iS , al g night ‘to the
dialog: swing door of the kitchen arg ough it. va oO i
dialog: é
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE (KITCHEN) - DAY
text: Jim cycles around the kitchen table on which his cap is
text: still lying. He scoops it up as he goes by. As he leaves
text: through the swinging door, again we see that the front door
text: of the house is open to the garden.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Jim, his cap on his head, rides his bicycle out of the
text: front door and down the front steps and along the drive
text: through the gate into the street.
scene_heading: EXT. AMHERST AVENUE - DAY
text: Jim rides briskly in and out of the trees, dodging the
text: people in the street and ignoring the Japanese Patrol which
text: Marches by. He cycles away from us, ringing his cycle
text: bell, until he is nearly out of sight.
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: b
dialog: I
dialog: ,
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 29
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - DAY 86
text: Jim cycles past the gates of a handsome house, and out of
text: _frame, and then back into frame and through the gate.
scene_heading: INT. HANDSOME HOUSE (KITCHEN) - DAY 87
text: Jim is in the kitchen of the "handsome house". The place
text: is looted, the cupboard doors hanging open. Among the
text: objects thrown to the floor is a cookery book in glorious
text: color. Jim picks it up and flips through the glossy pages
text: tormented by color photographs of roast meats and iced
text: cakes...he throws the book down and opens the pantry door.
text: Jim recoils from the putrefaction inside, disturbing a
text: dense cloud of flies.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI CHINESE STREET - DAY 88
text: Jim is cycling past a row of poor-looking shops. Inside
text: one of them he sees TWO JAPANESE PRIVATES and sweeping
text: everything off the shelves. Jim turns his bicycle towards
text: the shop and comes to a halt. He calls to the one of the
dialog: Privates.
speaker_heading: _ JIM
dialog: I surrender!
text: The Private comes out of fhe, sho: nd pushes .Ji
dialog: bicycle sprawling into th 74 ‘i
dialog: tt u
dialog: - (shouts)
dialog: I surrender!
dialog: his
dialog: 
text: The Japanese Private comes forward to bar his way. Jim takes
text: a small model airplane from his pocket and holds it up to
dialog: the Private.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: Zero sen.
text: This throws the Japanese soldier off and Jim slips by him.
text: An escorted lorry full of CAPTURED BRITISH SOLDIERS passes
text: by. Jim pedals furiously after the lorry. In the back of
text: the lorry the British prisoners notice him and CHEER him on,
text: SHOUTING encouraging remarks.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Wait! Wait!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
text: But he soon falls behind.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI STREET - DAY 89
text: Jim rides his bike. The street is loud and excited, in the
text: grip of a celebration of the overthrow of the European
dialog: occupation of Shanghai. But now there is a new occupation:
text: Japanese army lorrys loaded with SOLDIERS are prominent in
text: the traffic. A party of JAPANESE OFFICERS move by. A giant
text: poster of Chiang Kai Chek is being stripped from a building.
text: Coca Cola bill boards are pasted over with slogans and
dialog: pictures of the leader of the Puppet regime. (This was Wang
text: Ching-Wei). Jim, wearing his school uniform, including the
text: cap, is making his way through this. Jim hurries past the
text: entrance of a cinema where "Gone With the Wind" has been
text: playing the partly dismantled faces of Clark Gable and
text: Vivien Leigh rise on their scaffolding, and there is also a
text: huge life-sized replica of Atlanta in flames. Behind it are
text: the real flames and smoke of burning buildings.
text: We note a FOREIGN YOUTH in a leather jacket who approaches
dialog: Jim.
speaker_heading: YOUTH
dialog: American boy?
speaker_heading: t A H
dialog: (Improvisiing) U U }
dialog: English. I'm wai’ g fo
dialog: chauffeur.
text: The youth looks sceptically at Jim's bike. Jim rides away
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: YOUTH
dialog: English boy. You come now.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
text: Jim moves away more quickly, followed by the youth. Trying
text: to escape the youth, Jim rides across the street, dodging
text: the rickshaws and the PEOPLE. He looks back and SEES that
text: the youth is also crossing the road, dodging through the
text: traffic. Jim hurries along the gutter of the road, looking
text: over his shoulder. He sees the youth keeping pace with
text: him. The road opens up into a square full of people. Jim
text: hurries into the crowd and changes dire¢tion and looks
text: over his shoulder again.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 89A
speaker_heading: 89B
speaker_heading: 89c
speaker_heading: 89D
dialog: 90
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV 89A
text: Among the bobbing heads, Jim sees the youth looking this
dialog: way and that, the trail lost.
text: Jim makes his escape through the crowd and he continues 89B
text: across the square until he comes up against the back of a
text: dense crowd which is silently watching some kind of
text: spectacle in the open space.. -and, as Jim dodges and cranes
text: to get a glimpse, we see that it is a public execution: a
text: YOUNG MAN IN QUILTED PEASANT CLOTHES is kneeling on the
text: ground, about to have his head severed.
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV = CROWD 89c
text: They mutter with barely suppressed fury. A few sturdy
text: DOCKWORKERS make a threatening move forward.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - JAPANESE SOLDIERS 89D
text: He is the officer in charge and he is getting nervous. He
text: shouts a command. His Japanese Soldiers put their bayonets
text: on their rifles and push_the crowd back. They watch with
dialog: horror and frustration. tent Tm}s fvie off :
dialog: again. The executioner! é agi 0 aa ve the
text: heads of the crowd and en sweeps wntga're sight.
text: The crowd hisses with anger in unison and at the same
text: moment...a hand grabs Jim's wrist, closing over Jim's
text: wristwatch, and a knife blade sweeps towards Jim's wrist
text: which he pulls away just in time. The knife is held by the
dialog: youth we have seen before.
text: Jim kicks at the youth and starts riding his bike as fast as
text: he can, with the youth in pursuit and a few paces behind
text: him, both of them twisting and dodging through the crowd.
text: Jim is very frightened, looking over his shoulder. He turns
text: into an alley and loses the youth.
scene_heading: EXT. CROWDED CHINESE STREET - DAY 90
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE STREET
text: is narrow and so crowded that Jim, on his bicycle, is barely
text: making way. PEDESTRIANS turn to look at him with curiosity
text: and no friendliness. Jim has started to get nervous - with
text: good cause: the youth pops up out of nowhere and has
text: brought along his friends. He stops the bicycle gripping
text: the handlebars. Jim is immediately surrounded by scavenging
text: BOYS who remove his school shoes and then his socks. Hands
text: are already clawing at his blazer as Jim jumps off the bike
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: =<)
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: and fights his way clear. Terrified, he swerves and dodges
text: into a narrow alley, pursued by the boys. The alley opens
text: out into another street.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET - DAY
text: Jim bursts barefoot out of the alley and into the street
text: and is nearly killed by a lorry. The lorry brakes and Jim
text: falls, unhurt. The driver of the lorry, a big young
text: American called FRANK, jumps out of the cab and approaches
text: Jim. The pursuing boys are intimidated by him and they
dialog: leave Jim to him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hello, kid. You alright?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes, I think so.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who belongs to you? Where do you
dialog: live?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: 13 Amherst Avenue
dialog: (he gets to his feet)
dialog: I'm waiting for my mother and
scene_heading: father. "EMEH 008 9
dialog: Delayed? Some kind of crazy Brit
dialog: kid. What's your name?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: James Harding. I've written a book
text: on contract bridge.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah? Looks like you nearly lost
dialog: your shirt.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They took my shoes.
text: Frank picks Jim up and easily places him on the driver's
text: seat of the lorry. (From now on Jim is barefoot until he is
dialog: a resident of Nantao Camp.)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'll give you a vide, maybe find
dialog: your pa.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 91
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - Alright. I expect my father will
dialog: give you a reward. He once gave a
dialog: taxi driver five dollars for
dialog: bringing me home from Hankow.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Is that right?
text: Frank is wearing the working clothes of an American
text: merchant seaman. Jim slides scross into the passenger seat
text: and Frank gets up into the cab.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Are you with the American fleet?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Just wait till Basie sees this.
text: He starts the engine.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI SHIPYARDS - DUSK 92
text: The lorry, Frank driving and Jim next to him, talking,
dialog: works its way through whatis 3 [to be fan @batidoriéd and
dialog: derelict dockyard towa: poo ifhg hull df Wetrepit,
dialog: dry-docked cargo ship. t A 4
scene_heading: EXT. BASIE'S SHIP (ESTABLISHING SHOT) - DUSK 93
text: The lorry parks close to the ship and Frank and Jim get
text: down. Frank leads Jim into the ship through the gap left
text: by a missing plate in the hull, Frank carrying a canvas
text: sack, heavy. Jim is still talking, animatedly, but we
dialog: can't hear.
scene_heading: INT. BASIE'S SHIP = DUSK 94
text: Inside there is a raised bamboo platform onto which Frank
text: and Jim climb and along which they walk towards a steel
text: ladder further on in the gloom.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: -.-And probably my parents are on a
dialog: ship somewhere, on a boat to Hong
dialog: Kong, and then they'll send for me,
dialog: and... :
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Kid, you're getting on my nerves.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 34
text: He sends Jim up a ladder and follows, with his heavy sack
text: clanking.
scene_heading: INT. BASIE'S SHIP (CABIN) - DUSK 95
text: The steel door is pushed open and Frank shoves Jim forward
text: through it and follows himself. Jim is standing in a small
text: steel-walled cabin up near the top of the ship, with a
text: . Charcoal stove sending its smoke through an open skylight.
text: The floor is littered with rags and bits of scrap metal,
text: engine parts, brass portholes. There is a cot and a couple
text: of canvas chairs. A man, BASIE, is tending to a cooking
text: pot on the stove. Frank drops his canvas bag heavily on the
text: floor. Evidently it contains more scrap metal. Jim sways
text: faint with hunger. Basie looks up. When he speaks we
text: realize he is, like Frank, an American.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I found him running around, but I'm
dialog: sorry already. I don't know whether
dialog: he's hungrier or crazier...
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: Come in, boy. You look like you
dialog: need to lie down...
dialog: My father has EMCH. 0 08 g
dialog: Pootung, he'll be ingratiated to you.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Ingratiated? Fine word.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He once gave a taxi driver...
text: He half-faints and sits on the cot.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: In a minute. Your tongue's running
dialog: away. Let's have a look at it.
text: Gently, but efficiently, hé exposes Jim's gums and teeth
text: and examines Jim's mouth with his fingers as impersonally
dialog: as a dentist.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: That's a well-kept set of teeth.
dialog: Someone paid a lot of bills for that
dialog: sweet little mouth. Frank, you'd be
dialog: surprised how some people neglect
dialog: their kids' teeth.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Basie! I didn't sell one of these
dialog: goddam portholes and those Hongkew
dialog: merchants are charging ten dollars
dialog: for a bag of rice!
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (fingering Jim's blazer)
dialog: Cathedral School, too.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Cathedral? Is he some kind of priest?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Frank, the Cathedral School. That's
dialog: a school for taipans.
dialog: (to Jim)
dialog: You must know some important
dialog: people. What do they call you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I once met Madam Sun Yat-Sen. She
dialog: didn't call me anything. I was only
dialog: three and a half.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Madam Sun?
speaker_heading: EMeH 0089
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: 
dialog: I was pre
dialog: Pre...sented!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We'll be sitting here up to our
text: necks in junk eating rats when the
text: Japs walk in...
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: The Japs aren't looking for us,
text: Frank. Nantao Creek is full of
dialog: cholera, they've more sense.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And if I sold every one of these
dialog: things there isn't enough to get us
dialog: a sampan up river to Chunking - we'd
dialog: have to strip the Queen Mary!
dialog: (to Jim) .
dialog: And we don't have enough rice for
dialog: you, kid.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 36
text: During this dialogue Basie's fingers have been busily
text: exploring Jim's pockets, delicately but persistently.
text: Without fuss he removes Jim's wristwatch. Like a music
text: hall pickpocket, Basie comes up with Jim's comic book,
text: which he looks at briefly and replaces in Jim's pocket,
text: then with Jim's model Plane, with which he does likewise,
text: then a pair of sunglasses, which he puts on, and the half
text: crown coin which he holds up in front of Jim's eyes between
text: finger and thumb and conjures out of sight.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Leave him alone, Frank.
dialog: (to Jim)
dialog: What did you say your name was,
dialog: boy?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Jamie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
text: Jim. A new name for a new life.
dialog: I imagine Jim's folks got themselves
dialog: picked up with all the other Brits
dialog: and now Jim's looking for them.
text: He turns his attention to the cooking pot, produces two tin
text: plates and carefully_starts to dole ut CWS , Poxtions of
dialog: rice and fish, Jim's! e pe lee nov with intense
dialog: interest. Basie affisc otic en $ Spe ense.
speaker_heading: Se PP
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Tell me, Jim, have you met any other
dialog: Chinese big names? How about Chiang
dialog: Kai Chek?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's a corruption of his real name.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Corruption ?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: My mother told me.
speaker_heading: BASIE
text: A well-spoken woman, Jim. Good with
dialog: words. Are you interested in words,
dialog: Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: A bit. I like planes.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED (3): 37
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: _ Words are more important. Put aside
dialog: a new word every day. You never
dialog: know when a word might be useful.
dialog: Collation. Do you know that word?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: We had that on the menus on the
dialog: Cathay-American Line. A collation
dialog: of cold meats. This is more of a
dialog: fish stew.
text: He hands Jim a plate of food.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thanks!
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Frank always eats after me, don't
dialog: you Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I always eat after you, Basie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: That's because I think for us both.
dialog: Frank has w souks Abut fi it
dialog: cargo. Str sroee tile
dialog: the first squall. | ‘ches
dialog: Chew every mouthful six times. Get
dialog: the benefit.
text: Jim rapidly pushes the food into his mouth with a tin spoon
text: while Basie watches him. Basie lets his food cool,
text: meanwhile puffing delicately on a cigarette.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You try going out there.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Frank, we've got my lungs, you know
dialog: that. I can't be crawling around
text: those hulks with a monkey wrench.
text: He extinguishes the cigarette, leaving the rest of it to
text: smoke later. He starts eating.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Without me you'd be in a camp right
text: now along with his mummy and daddy
dialog: and all the taipans who were riding
dialog: this town before it rolled on 'em.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: _95 CONTINUED (4): 38
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (pausing thoughtfully)
dialog: Yes, there'll be rich Pickings in
dialog: those camps, Frank. Maybe we
dialog: shouldn't leave Shanghai in a
dialog: hurry.
text: Jim, with his empty plate on his lap, has fallen asleep.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You're a tired boy, Jim.
dialog: Shanghai Jim.
text: Basie carefully takes the Plate and spoon away from Jim.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (cynically)
dialog: You find any gold teeth in there,
dialog: Basie?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Buying and selling, Frank. You
dialog: know. Life.
scene_heading: 96 INT. LORRY CAB (SHANGHAI STREET) - DAY 96
dialog: The lorry is ina busy st igs mo, PE s
dialog: market. Frank is arivingpan i at Be etn him
dialog: and Basie. Jim is ill a looks i Hav: ‘eh uble ystaying
dialog: awake. Seas oupleys
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Are you sickening, Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm all right, Basie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Good boy. Look alive, a sound
dialog: commodity. Everything else is
dialog: garbage and you know what we do with
dialog: garbage.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't throw me out, Basie. I'ma
dialog: sound commodity.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We've been feeding him for three
dialog: days and it ain't paying.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't give up, Basie, you'll sell me
dialog: soon, I just need feeding up a bit.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: ~ Thinks he's a smart kid.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Shut up, Frank.
text: Basie gets out of the cab (the lorry is travelling at
text: walking pace) and Frank stops the lorry.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI STREET - DAY 97
text: Amid the teeming mass of PEOPLE, Basie has evidently seen
text: the person he is looking for. He strides along to greet a
text: CHINESE MERCHANT presiding over a stall of indeterminate
text: scope. The merchant greets Basie, but without pleasure
text: and even skepticism. Basie engages him in conversation,
text: glancing once or twice towards the lorry. The merchant is
text: disgusted with Basie's lack of moral value.
scene_heading: INT. LORRY CAB - DAY 98
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Frank, what does Basie want to buy
dialog: with me?
dialog: 6 o
dialog: o
dialog: He doesn't gar e! ba uu AY faye 3
dialog: he can sell i o
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why can't he sell me?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nobody wants you. You're worth
dialog: nothing. You're skin and bone.
dialog: Soon you're going to be sick all the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (giddy with
dialog: hunger)
dialog: If they did buy me what would they
dialog: do with me? They couldn't eat me, I'm
text: skin and bone.
text: He is interrupted by Basie's return to the cab.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (disgustedly)
dialog: I thought war was supposed to be
dialog: good for business.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED; 40
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - Is this the commodity market, Basie?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Sure is, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Is the war going to end soon?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Don't worry, Jim. I give the Japs
dialog: three months.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's quite a while.
speaker_heading: BASIE
text: It takes time to stop a war. People
dialog: have big investments to protect.
dialog: Like me and Frank and this lorry.
dialog: Right, Frank?
text: Frank nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's right, Basie.
text: Basie is still standing by the open door of the cab. He
text: considers Jim for a moment.
speaker_heading: SIE
dialog: Well, I don't}know. is
dialog: town, Shan Jims "Maybe Yo
dialog: how to sell these desirable grade A I
dialog: brass mountings. There's I
dialog: millionaires who started with less,
dialog: Frank and I are holding you back.
speaker_heading: JIM |
dialog: (not buying it) :
dialog: Basie...I...first I could show you
dialog: where there's rich pickings...
text: hundreds of houses left empty...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Is that right, Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can show you some houses I lived
dialog: in before Frank found me. They were
dialog: luxuriant. .
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Luxuriant? All right, we'll go and
dialog: look at some of these big houses.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: _ 98
speaker_heading: 939
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 41
text: He climbs up onto the cab and slams the door.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Go, Frank.
text: Frank starts up the lorry which moves forward. Basie
text: fishes Jim's half-crown coin out of his pocket and starts
text: playing nervously with it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thanks, Basie!
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You had good sense being born there,
dialog: Jim. I admire a boy who appreciates
dialog: the good things in life. I imagine
dialog: there was a lot of good living.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There certainly was good living,
dialog: Basie. There was opulence.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Opulence?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (selling)
dialog: They had liqueur chocolates, white
dialog: pianos, EMCEE -: ;
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH SETTLEMENT MCE 0 0 8 5 99
text: The lorry is cruising.
scene_heading: INT. LORRY CAB - DUSK 100
text: Jim is peering through the windows, pointing this way and
dialog: that way.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That one has whiskey and gin and a
dialog: white piano. That has whiskey and
dialog: gin - no, just whiskey and a
dialog: vradiogram. That has a cinema and
dialog: martinis.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Never mind the drinks - Frank and I
dialog: aren't planning to open a bar.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: 1o1l
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: 102A
speaker_heading: 102B
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That one has a dance floor made of
text: mirrors and a radiogram and a
text: fountain and crystal chandeliers.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Crystal chandeliers?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I think they were crystal.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You're tired, Jim.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How about cash?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: That's right, did you see any money,
dialog: Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: here, Frank“
dialog: I did see s oney. Basie... Piles
dialog: of notes on bande SS : tably B FY
dialog: taking you to Pet jon . — Turn “3
dialog: é
text: Basie glances suspiciously at Jim as the lorry turns into
dialog: Amherst Avenue.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE - EVENING 101
text: The lorry turns through the gate.
scene_heading: INT. LORRY CAB - EVENING 102
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Wait out here... I'll go and...
text: He breaks off, his face lighting up as he looks towards the
text: house. This is because he can distinctly HEAR the sound of
text: his mother's favorite record on the wind-up gramophone.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV -. THE FRONT DOOR 102A
text: of the house is open and there is the yellow light of a lamp
text: inside, and in the lamp light there is, apparently, a female
text: figure, dressed in white. -
speaker_heading: JIM 102B
dialog: I knew she'd come back!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 102B
speaker_heading: 102c
speaker_heading: 102D
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: 103A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 43
text: Ignoring the startled Basie and Frank, he reaches across
text: Basie's lap to open the door of the cab. Basie looks at
text: the house, puzzled.
scene_heading: BASIE'S POV = ANOTHER FIGURE 102c
dialog: in white has joined the first and we see now that the
text: figures are TWO men, JAPANESE OFFICERS in fact, in white
text: kimonos. There is the quiet sound of the music of the
text: gramophone. Then a Japanese soldier appears in the twilight
text: garden, coming towards the lorry.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. LORRY CAB - EVENING 102D
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Basie, they're Japs!
text: Frank tries to put the lorry into reverse. The two figures
text: in kimonos... Japanese Officers... come running out of the
text: house, followed by TWO MORE UNIFORMED PRIVATES. The
text: soldiers carry bamboo staves. The lorry stalls. A soldier
text: starts lunging at Frank through the open window of the
text: lorry. Frank is shouting. The other door of the cab is
text: opened and Basie and Jim are pulled into the driveway by
text: the other soldiers. Basie kneels in the gravel, accepting
text: the punches and kicks o e tw ficerg. Frank lies on
text: the ground being beaten tBes by, i . Jim
text: sits on the ground, looking up fat fla ap! i who
text: looks back at him, puzzled. Thi IC ‘ome t: g#amophone
dialog: still plays. .
scene_heading: EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY 103
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE SCREEN
dialog: (Screenwriter's note: The audience ought to think that the
dialog: movie has gone to black and white. )
text: There is a car chase taking place on the screen. One of
text: the cars makes a expert four-wheel slide. We are now inside
text: the car. The driver, who might be Yang, is controlling the
text: steering wheel with his foot while a couple of gangsters
text: are getting the brunt of the driver's karate chops. The
text: driver manages to ram one of his passengers against the car
text: door which bursts open.
text: Suddenly we see the back of Jim's head. 103A
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: It's Yang.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: E
dialog: 104
dialog: Se
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: e 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 104
text: We see that we are in an open air cinema, which is occupied
text: by about 30 PRISONERS. Most of the prisoners, a bedraggled
text: line of exotic and incongruous characters lined up, in the
text: act of receiving the remnants from a cooking pot, a meager
text: meal of boiled potatoes being doled out into their proffered
dialog: mess tins...the remaining guests at Lockwood's party must
dialog: have been rounded up soon after we last saw them, and we
dialog: recognize the French Courtesan, Charlie Chaplin, the Emperor,
text: Part of their costumes missing, the party long past peak.
text: Some are already scraping the last of their potato from
text: their mess tins, others are waiting to receive their share.
text: Father Christmas (Mr. Lockwood) is among them, beardless
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 105
text: He stands in front of the screen pointing excitedly at the
dialog: images.
text: The projector breaks down.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE PROJECTION BOOTH’
scene_heading: TWO JAPANESE GU. kobalie fe ¢ &) own projector,
text: while a THIRD GUA sEands in neo beam and throws
text: shadows on the screen.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 107
text: He turn towards the gates,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE GATES 108
text: JAPANESE SENTRIES open the gates, and a WHISTLE BLOWS and
text: the apathy of the detention center turns into something like
text: activity. The lorry is ancient with a closed cab and an
text: open back. In the back of the lorry are a number of
text: PRISONERS, mostly elderly men and women, who are variously
dialog: in a bad way.
scene_heading: EXT. DETENTION CENTER (GATE) - DAY . 109
text: At the end of the whistle, the eccupants of the detention
text: center begin to congregate near the gate. They include a
text: faded English couple, MR. and MRS. PYM, MR. PARTRIDGE
text: supporting his wife, both of whom are elderly, MRS. HUG
text: and her father, and MR. LOCKWOOD. Meanwhile, the two or
text: THREE SOLDIERS attending the lorry have put cotton masks
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 45
text: over their mouths and noses. The lorry is delivering
text: PRISONERS to the detention center. Two or three of these
text: prisoners are STRETCHER CASES,carried by ORDERLIES.
text: Not all of the prisoners on the lorry are made to disembark
text: but those who do, limp, or are carried through the gates
text: into the detention center and each one of them there is
text: handed a mess tin.
text: The JAPANESE SOLDIER who is handing out the mess tins
text: places one on each of the stretchers as they go by. One of
text: these stretchers contains a fairly young ENGLISH WOMAN
text: whose two sons, PAUL and DAVID, walk with her. Another
text: arrival is an EMACIATED SOLDIER judging from his boots
text: and shorts which constitute his only clothing. He has been
text: badly beaten up. The new arrivals include an English
text: couple, MR. and MRS. VINCENT. Mr. Vincent is a slight,
text: dark, ill-looking man with a tanned, thin face. Mrs.
text: Vincent is attractive in an understated way, blonde and
text: small-boned, an arresting face. The Vincents have
text: evidently been rounded-up recently--their clothing and
text: their general state show fewer signs of deprivation than
text: their companions. Mrs. Vincent carries a quite smart
text: leather purse (handbag) the kind which has a flap with a
text: press-stud, no handle. Meanwhile, each of the prisoners,
text: including Jim, who are hoping to be picked to depart on the
text: lorry, stand quietly holdi their mess tins, ready to hand
dialog: them in. The choice is befag Ri 8 who
text: walks along the line as thou spéectin ands
text: shaking and breathing heavily, i evér' ith an
text: attention which is like a twitch.
speaker_heading: LOCKWOOD
dialog: Try to stand still, Jamie
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We'll soon be on our way to the
dialog: camps. I bet my mother and father
dialog: are there waiting for me.
speaker_heading: LOCKWOOD
dialog: That's the spirit.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I should have stayed with them. If
dialog: the Japanese won't take care of us,
dialog: will the Chinese?
speaker_heading: LOCKWOOD
dialog: I'm sure the Chinese will. Be quiet,
dialog: Jim, or you won't get on.
text: The prisoners who have been picked by Sergeant Uchida walk
text: or limp or stagger towards the lorry, handing in their mess
text: tins to the Japanese soldier on their way. Sergeant Uchida
text: nods at Mrs. Hug for her to leave. She attempts to take
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 46
text: her father with her, but Uchid ‘pushes the father back so
text: Mrs. Hug remains. Mrs. Partridge has sat down on the
text: picks another couple, and then finally picks Lockwood.
text: Lockwood walks toward the lorry without a glance. Uchida
text: stands in front of Jim, looking at hin. Jim smiles at him
text: and bows, which unbalances him and he sways. Uchida turns
text: away from Jim and shouts for the gates to be closed. The
text: soldiers and orderlies are helping the last of the
text: prisoners onto the lorry.
text: The tailgate is closed. Mr. Lockwood, sitting inside the
text: tailgate, looks at Jim and then looks away. Jim is close
dialog: to tears.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thank you for the Party!
text: The gates close as the lorry drives away. Jim turns aside
text: and goes back under the shadow of the raked benches which
text: make a half-covered area, mats on the ground indicating
text: that this is where the prisoners sleep. Jim goes to his
text: mat. There is a quiet moaning sound coming from one of the
text: stretchers which have bi n, the ground under the
text: seats. Jim notes it an en. to inv gates and
dialog: discovers that the stretch t Bish : By Gac
text: bruised and bloody, stu ‘all “o' th in$ of
text: Paper bandages.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Basie! It's me!
text: Basie opens his eyes and moves his lips, but can't say
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's Jim!
text: He gets up and runs a few yards to a water butt with a
text: ladle hanging from it. He fills the ladle with
text: murky-looking water and brings it back to Basie. Jim wets
text: his fingers in the water and touches Basie's lips with them.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't worry, I'll look after you!
dialog: Everything's going to be all right.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 110
dialog: lll
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY 110
text: There is an insistent tinny banging NOISE, an amplified
text: version of a sound we have heard before. This time it is
text: the Europeans. They have been turned into beggars. They
text: bang their mess tins against the ground, against benches,
text: against the walls.
text: The general view of the detention center shows the prisoners
text: standing, lying or sitting, all of them still, apart from
text: banging their tins, all of them staring silently in much the
text: same direction... which we see is the door of the guard hut.
text: Sergeant Uchida comes out of the guard house with a small
text: sack which he tosses in a general direction of the cooking-fire,
text: where TWO CHINESE WOMEN, one of them being MRS. LEE by name,
text: have also been waiting. With the appearance of the sack of
dialog: potatoes, only large enough to hold one potato for each
text: prisoner, the prisoners cease rattling their tins. This has
dialog: been CROSS-CUT with...
scene_heading: INT./EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY lll
text: In the "interior", und "seats, SH 5 if ng on his
dialog: mat and looking some ndbageeeetna ep) e mobile,
text: is listening to the TTL ENG...of the + “Basie LOOKS at
text: Jim asleep on his mat some little distance away from
text: Basie's mat and Mrs. Partridge, who is lying on the mat
text: next to him and who, we can now SEE, is dead. Basie also
text: SEES Mr. Vincent pacing up and down, and Mrs. Vincent
text: sitting quietly on her sleeping mat with a dainty pack of
text: cards, playing Patience. She is calm and absorbed and
text: comparatively well-groomed, pondering the cards as though
text: she might be passing the time in the corner of a club
text: lounge. Inside, the SILENCE of the mess tins registers
text: with Basie, who now rouses himself and calls to Jim.
speaker_heading: . BASIE
dialog: Chow time, Jim! Get in line.
text: Mr. Vincent stops pacing and picks up his mess tin and his
text: wife's mess tin and goes toward the exterior. Mrs. Vincent
text: continues to play Patience. Jim gets himself painfully and
text: tiredly to his feet. He is still barefoot. He picks up
text: his mess tin and comes across to Basie to get Basie's mess
dialog: tin.
speaker_heading: BASIE °
dialog: You should make yourself useful to
dialog: Mrs. LEE. Ingratiate yourself a little.
dialog: A woman always needs help with her
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: lll
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Right, Basie.
text: He picks up Basie's mess tin.
dialog: Basie produces a third tin
text: and hands it to Jim.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Get Mrs. Partridge's Potato while
dialog: you're there.
text: Jim looks at Basie, surprised.
text: He glances over towards the
dialog: Partridges.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (gently)
dialog: She died, Basie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (levelly)
dialog: She died, Jim, but she didn't hand
text: in her dinner pail.
dialog: (Screenwriters note: b s " ¢ survival
dialog: course.) Jim approach chi ith’ reat l of
text: trepidation. He bends down to take the tin from Mrs.
text: Partridges cold, stiff fingers and looks over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BASIE
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (Hisses)
dialog: Take it!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He gathers his courage and snatches t!
dialog: he cup from Mrs.
text: Partridges lifeless hand.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Don't forget to bow to Sergeant
dialog: Uchida.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I always bow, Basie.
text: Jim goes out into the sunlight. Basie limps over to Mr.
text: Partridge. He gently removes the brush from Mr. Partridge's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (piously)
dialog: She's with God now. He doesn't mind
dialog: her hair.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: lll
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 49
text: From inside his shirt Basie produces a small, corked bottle
text: _of water. He removes the cork and offers the bottle to Mr.
text: Partridge, who takes a sip.
speaker_heading: MR. PARTRIDGE
dialog: We have a son. I hope George and his
dialog: wife are all right.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: George Partridge...? I did hear
dialog: something when I. was in Shanghai
dialog: jail.
dialog: (face lights up)
dialog: Yes, that's right-- he's in one of
dialog: the camps and is looking forward to
dialog: seeing you. I'll try to find out
dialog: which one if you like.
speaker_heading: MR. PARTRIDGE
dialog: You're very kind.
speaker_heading: BASIE |
dialog: We have to share what we can. :
speaker_heading: MR. PARTRIDGE
dialog: Perhaps ydt™ AML Tkef to Miz He
dialog: haizoruchi= {8 fetiver- ie) |
speaker_heading: pone BE aw H V
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Very nice.
text: Basie puts the hairbrush inside his shirt and accepts the
text: bottle of water back, corks it.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I'll have some news in a day or two.
speaker_heading: MR. PARTRIDGE
dialog: How is the war, do you know?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I give it three months.
dialog: 
text: Mr. Partridge looks pleased. i
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: The Japs have occupied Hong Kong,
dialog: Manila, the East Indies,
dialog: Singapore--it'll be business as
dialog: usual in no time.
dialog: 
text: It is clear from Mr. Partridge's change of expression that
text: that is not what he meant. Mr. Partridge picks up his mess
text: tin and leaves. Basie approaches Mrs. Vincent who does not
dialog: look up.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: lll
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3) + 50
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (amiably)
text: Red Jack on Black Queen.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Just going.
scene_heading: EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY 112
text: Jim is busily sieving for small bits of coal and placing
text: them on Mrs. Lee's fire. He blows the fire, coaxing a flame
text: out of it as Mrs. Lee supervises the boiling of the potatoes.
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY . 113
text: Jim arrives at Basie's mat with the three mess tins, each
text: containing a potato in its share of the potato water.
text: Basie takes two of the mess tins.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You helped Mrs. Lee?
speaker_heading: IM eo f
dialog: I ingratiate . ade sé]
dialog: very useful.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: And you got a fair ration as a result.
text: Basie halves the third potato with his fingers and hands
dialog: one half to Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thanks, Basie!
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: That's it. If you can help people
dialog: you'll live off the interest.
text: Jim puts his mess tin to his lips and drains the water from
text: it. Unsatisfied, he eyes Basie's little bottle of water.
text: Basie shifts the bottle slightly, moving it away.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: We don't drink that, Jim. We don't
dialog: drink from the water butt. Only
dialog: potato water that's been boiled like
dialog: I told you.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 51
text: He watches Mr. Partridge shuffle past, carrying his mess
text: tin back to his mat from the direction of the fire.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I'm looking after you, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know, you are, Basie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Your dad would appreciate that.
dialog: Perhaps I'll still get that reward.
text: The entire meal has now been eaten. Basie lies down and
text: Jim picks up a piece of torn cardboard and fans him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Basie, when you were in Shanghai
dialog: Central, did anyone talk about my
dialog: mother and father?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I think I d@adgh methi i
scene_heading: Good news. fmxT! = one. nb) 7 i
dialog: camps and are} 1 in ‘oO 4 's £
dialog: seeing you. '"l ind ‘out“nith“énd
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Gosh, thanks, Basie. I learned a
dialog: new word today.
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I forget what it was.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Never mind. I'm keeping up your
dialog: education.
scene_heading: EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY 114
text: In the open air, Basie sits on one of the benches in crisp
text: clean clothes. He is making an origami bird out of a
text: cigarette packet. Elsewhere, Mrs. Lee is brushing her hair
text: with the silver hairbrush. She catches Basie's eye and
text: throws him a smile. Basie manipulates the little cardboard
text: bird and then tosses it away. Elsewhere, Jim moves among
text: the other prisoners, going from one to the next, greeting
text: each by name but seldom getting a response. When he reaches
text: the EMACIATED SOLDIER, who is lying slumped against the
text: perimeter wall in the sunshine, holding’ his mess tin in one
text: hand, Jim discovers that he has died. Jim eyes the now
text: available mess tin. He hesitates. He looks round towards
text: Basie. Then he decides to take the tin and he stoops to
text: pick it up and continues.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 52
scene_heading: INT./EXT. DETENTION CENTER - EVENING 115
dialog: We probably see the screen first: at any rate there is a
text: movie flickering on the screen. Perhaps it is a Thirties
text: swashbuckler. The Japanese are giving themselves an
text: unexpected treat. There are only three or four GUARDS in
dialog: charge of the detention center.
text: Some of the prisoners are sitting on the benches but they
text: have their backs to the screen. The prisoners face the
text: ‘Japanese guards who are watching the screen. One of the
text: LITTLE CHINESE BOYS who is sitting with his mother on a
text: bench forgets himself sufficiently to peek over his shoulder
text: when the scratchy soundtrack indicates a particularly
text: interesting moment, but one of the guards shouts at him and
text: the boy's mother cuffs the boy. Jim is nowhere to be seen.
dialog: This is because...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 16
dialog: Jim is under the seats, ME a the
dialog: narrow slot which is al this
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 117
text: Jim is syanding watching the movie in the "sleeping E
dialog: quarters" :
text: Paul and David are sitting on either side of the sleeping
text: mat on which their mother lies. Jim jerks his head at
text: them, inviting them to share the view, but Paul and David :
text: seem to be in a stunned state. Then Jim realizes why: i
text: their mother is dead. She is lying on her mat, shod in i
text: plimsolls, sticking out over the edge. Jim approaches and
text: takes his "Wings" comic book out of his pocket and offers it
text: to one of the boys. The boy takes it automatically but
text: doesn't look at it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE :
dialog: 
text: Basie looks up with interest from his sleeping mat. He is I
dialog: interested in the dead woman, or rather as we now find out, }
text: in her plimsolls. Basie comes over to the three boys. F
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Looks like your size, Jim.
text: Basie starts to untie one of the shoe laces but it is
text: knotted. He has some difficulty.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: _ {to Paul and David)
dialog: She's with God now. He won't mind
dialog: her having no shoes.
text: One of the boys starts to ery silently. His brother
text: stretches out a hand to comfort hin.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't want her shoes.
text: Basie has given up trying to untie the lace. He pulls at
text: the shoe which won't come off the woman's foot. He jerks
text: at it and the corpse jerks towards him. Jim grasps Basie's
dialog: wrist.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't Basie! - I don't want them!
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Somebody will.
text: Basie struggles with the shoe and Jim struggles with
text: Basie's wrists.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE Cc
dialog: Mrs. Vincent who has of MiG et. A050. up and
text: looks over towards them® ewe & ‘ed
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Jim and Basie struggle briefly, Basie starting to swear at
dialog: Jim.
text: There is the SOUND of the whistle which announces the
text: arrival of the prisoner's lorry. Jim freezes for a moment
text: and then lets go of Basie and jumps up.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM i
dialog: It's the lorry!
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Lorry?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on! =- come on = don't you see?
dialog: - This place is to see who dies!
text: Jim pulls Paul and David to their feet. }
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 54
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - (to Paul and David)
dialog: Come on!
text: Jim runs to his sleeping mat as the other prisoners start
text: getting to their feet. They all start gathering up their
text: meager possessions.
scene_heading: EXT. DETENTION CENTER (GATE) & JAPANESE LORRY - DUSK 118
dialog: The last stage of the line-up. The ritual which we have
text: seen before. Soldiers and orderlies masked, are bringing
text: in stretchers and walking wounded prisoners. The gates are
text: open and the lorry is outside. But the CUT is to Sergeant
text: Uchida, passing along the line of prisoners. Mr. Partridge
text: and others are rejected. Among those who are motioned to
text: get into the lorry are Mr. and Mrs. Vincent, the Pyms, two
text: elderly couples, Mrs. Hug and her father, and then Paul and
text: David. Each prisoner hands in a mess tin as before. Basie
text: is next, and next to him is Jim. Sergeant Uchida gives the
text: nod to Basie who follows Paul and David without a backward
dialog: glance.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE PRISONER Me I 00 :
dialog: i
text: climbing up into the lorbys jchben wo OF réé people who
text: came with the lorry and remained on it.
text: SERGEANT UCHIDA stops in front of Jim, who does his best to
text: look bright and healthy, somewhat against the odds. He
text: seems about to let Jim leave when he glances, instead, over
text: his shoulder at the lorry, evidently to see if there is
text: room for one more. Basie is just wedging himself into the
text: remaining space on the bench, next to Paul and David. The
text: JAPANESE SOLDIER who is going to stand guard in the back of
text: the lorry, puts the tailboard up and starts to haul himself
text: up over it. Uchida pushes Jim back by the shoulder. Jim
text: staggers and falls and picks himself up and shouts desperately
dialog: at Basie.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Basie!
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV - BASIE
text: Ignores Jim and is showing Paul and David a little
text: conjuring trick with Jim's half crown, and gets a hesitant
text: laugh out of them. Mrs. Vincent, sitting next to her
text: husband, glances towards Jim. She looks at him with a
text: sudden concern.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: CONTINUED! 55
text: Jim runs to the gate as the CAMP GUARDS start to close it.
text: The. DRIVER of the lorry, a new young driver, gets out of the
text: cab and comes to the guards who are closing the gates,
text: brandishing a canvas wallet map and evidently asking for
dialog: directions.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Nantao.
text: . Sergeant Uchida strides furiously through the open gate and
text: abuses the driver. Uchida snatches the map and looks at
text: it. Jim comes through the gate towards the lorry.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Straight on! Nantao it's over
dialog: there! I was at the country club.
text: Uchida and the driver look in the direction of Jim's
text: outstretched finger. Uchida returns the map to the
text: driver. He starts to cuff Jim as the driver returns to his
text: cab and starts up the lorry.
speaker_heading: noun avec “EMEH 008 9
dialog: E »
dialog: Uchida cuffs Jim again, a’ i ben, m? A ene iddenly
text: changing his mind, glad to be rid of this troublesome boy, ‘
text: he picks him up bodily and throws him over the tailgate of
text: the lorry as the lorry begins to move forward. Jim extricates
text: himself from the legs of the prisoners on the lorry and
text: clambers forward until he reaches the back of the driving
text: cab where the guard has positioned himself. Jim reaches his
text: position at the back of the cab and stands there looking
text: over the top of the cab with the wind blowing into his face,
text: which is bloody but triumphant. He turns back towards the
text: tailboard.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Basie! I told you everything will
dialog: be all right.
text: They all sit there, looking at Jim, with none of his
text: exhilaration. We SEE them all: Mr. and Mrs. Vincent,
text: Basie with Paul and David, Mrs. Hug and her father, Mr.
text: and Mrs. Pym, the elderly couples, perhaps a dozen
text: altogether, and finally, a young Englishman with a bruised
text: face. This is RANSOME.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI OUTSKIRTS (MOVING JAPANESE LORRY) - DUSK 119
text: The lorry passes through a landscape of war, burned-out
text: buildings and vehicles, doors and windows open to cloud and
text: sky; with military traffic occasionally passing the lorry.
text: Jim is at his post, standing behind the driver's cab. Next
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: CONTINUED! 56
text: to him is the guard. As the lorry rumbles and sways along
text: the road, Jim holds onto the guard's belt to steady himself.
text: He is mildly hysterical and bangs on the roof of the cab
text: with glee. Mrs. Hug reaches out a hand to grip him.
speaker_heading: MRS. HUG
dialog: Be quiet, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can't help it, Mrs. Hug. Don't
dialog: you think it's funny.?
speaker_heading: MRS. HUG
dialog: Concentrate on the road. Where are
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Chapei.
speaker_heading: MRS. HUG
dialog: You know it here?
speaker_heading: JIM
text: (shaking his head and
dialog: chuckling)
dialog: I couldn! Before Fret
dialog: war. bo Fefeta
dialog: Milled fo wt
speaker_heading: MRS. HUG
dialog: But now you have no shoes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (laughing at that)
dialog: I know!
text: Jim laughs and bangs the cab again and shouts down to the
text: driver, pointing out the road.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nantao.
text: The driver sticks his head out of the cab and shakes his
text: finger angrily at Jim. Ransome looks at Jim with interest.
text: The other people in the lorry are mostly in a stupor. Paul
text: and David are being entertained by Basie, who is deftly
text: going through their pockets. Mrs. Vincent is regarding Jim
text: with something close to amusement.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI COUNTRYSIDE (JAPANESE LORRY) - DAY 120
text: The lorry is stationary in flat country. The lorry's
text: engine is steaming. The Guard is resting on the ground,
text: leaning on one of the wheels, The driver has spread his
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 57
text: Map over the hood of the lorry and is muttering furiously.
text: On the lorry one of the elderly women is lying on the
text: floor, attended by Ransome. Jim squats on top of the cab
text: examining the horizon for a landmark. The driver is getting
text: nowhere with his map and he looks up at Jim and harangues
text: him loudly.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Add that up any way you like and
dialog: we're still lost.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Everything looks different. I was
dialog: out here at the country club...
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: We're going to the country club.
dialog: Jim's in charge. }
speaker_heading: JIM |
dialog: If we can find the railway I'll know |
dialog: where we are. Then it's either East
dialog: or West.
dialog: eo
speaker_heading: eC LL A
dialog: Either East or jWest. Where wo we
dialog: be without him?=== ¥
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Good boy, Jim -- you'll get us
dialog: there. The Japanese have captured i
dialog: so much ground they've run out of
dialog: maps.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ELDERLY PRISONER |
dialog: Can't we go back to the detention |
dialog: center, Dr. Ransome? We're very I
dialog: tired.
text: The driver has got back into his cab and is attempting to
text: turn the lorry around.
speaker_heading: BASIE i
dialog: They've got the same idea. i
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: It might be for the best. At least '
dialog: there's water there.
speaker_heading: JIM |
dialog: (urgently) .
dialog: We mustn't go back - don't you see?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 58
text: Nobody is taking any notice of him. Jim searches their
text: faces, looking for an ally, and finds Mrs. Vincent looking
text: back at him. So he addresses her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: All our friends will be in the camp.
dialog: They're waiting for us. My
dialog: parents...
text: Mrs. Vincent is jostled aside by the guard clambering up
text: over the tailgate.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (to Ransome)
dialog: You got picked up late. Doctoring
dialog: up-country?
text: Ransome nods.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I was working underground for the
dialog: Kuo-min-tang.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: As a conjurer?
dialog: Jim has been trying to rk Me | margrons Qreson.
text: He plucks at the guard's lsidevé Ka
speaker_heading: NANTAO!
text: The guard works his way to the front of the lorry and
text: starts pushing Jim down roughly from the top of the cab.
text: Jim is desperately searching the horizon and just in time
text: sees something.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - RAILWAY BUGGY 121
text: With TWO JAPANESE SOLDIERS on board it is travelling magically
text: along the featureless landscape.
speaker_heading: JIM 122
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: There it is - the NANTAO line!
text: Jim excitedly shows the guard what he has seen and the
text: guard shouts to the driver. The driver turns the wheel
text: sharply and Jim tumbles off the cab into the back of the
dialog: lorry.
text: We see Mrs. Vincent's reaction: Jim is getting to her; she
text: gives him a small smile for his success.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ~ (happily)
dialog: I'll get you there, Mrs. Vincent!
text: We also see Basie's reaction: the argument over the dead
text: woman's shoes had put Basie in bad humor with Jim but now
text: he acknowledges Jim's success in spotting the railway.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You're a sound commodity, Jim.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Good work, Jim. They'll have water
dialog: for us. You've got sharp eyes, you
dialog: should be a pilot when you grow up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes, I want to be a pilot.
text: Ransome looks at him bemused.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I've been in one already at Hungjao
dialog: aerodrome.
dialog: Did it ar ME Oltls 9
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, in a way.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You've got bags of imagination, Jim.
text: Jim turns away the intended compliment, unsmiling. Ransome
text: drops the smile, and looks at Jim for a moment. The lorry |
dialog: is on the move again. j
speaker_heading: BASIE |
dialog: (to Ransome)
dialog: I'm looking after him for his daddy.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: You're American, aren't you?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Definitely.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. NANTAO RAILWAY LINE & JAPANESE LORRY - DAY 123
text: The lorry is pulling up near a wayside halt, merely a short |
text: concrete platform along the railway line. A party of |
text: Japanese soldiers are concerned with laying signal wires.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 60
text: The railway buggy is standing on the line. The driver gets
text: out. of the cab and approaches the WORKING PARTY, which is
text: gathered on the little platform, in the charge of. a
text: JAPANESE CORPORAL who sits drinking from a canteen of
text: water. Ransome starts to lower the tailgate.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Come on, let's get you into some
dialog: shade.
text: The guard immediately impedes Ransome, shouting at him.
text: Ransome addresses the guard in tones of polite humility
text: which is at odds with his words.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Look, you stupid, ugly, filthy
dialog: little bastard, these women are
dialog: getting dehydrated, so what's it to
dialog: you?
text: Through this the Guard pushes and cuffs Ransome and
text: continues to shout at him. Ransome holds his ground.
text: Having made his point, the Guard lowers the tailgate and
text: shouts at the prisoners to get down. The Guard turns away
text: and goes to join the Driver.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Right, everybody out. Someone help
dialog: me with these women.
dialog: o- .
text: The Prisoners begin to dise fe - & s Car incent
dialog: is not holding up too wel. ire. Vince: ip’ to get
text: down off the lorry. Jim has jumped over ‘the side and come |
dialog: to help Mrs. Vincent. Mr. Vincent doesn't like to be
dialog: helped.
speaker_heading: MR. VINCENT
dialog: I'm all right.
text: For a brief moment Jim and Mrs. Vincent are collaborators.
text: The Prisoners lie in the shade of the lorry, thirsty. One
text: of the UN-NAMED OLD WOMEN is close to death. Jim is
text: drawing diagrams in the dust with a stick.
text: A canteen of water is being passed among the Japanese
text: Working Party who are sharing a meal with the driver and
text: guard on the railway platform. The Prisoners watch the
text: water intently, the spilled drops and the dribbles catching
dialog: the sunlight.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Christ, are they waiting for one of
dialog: us to die?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 61
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They're waiting for you to ask, so
dialog: they can hit you with their rifles.
dialog: Then they'll give us water.
text: Ransome stares at him, rather angrily. Jim gets up and
text: casually moves towards the platform. When he gets to the
text: edge of the platform he climbs up, ignoring the Japanese.
text: Ransome, Basie, and the others watch him with interest.
text: Mrs. Vincent watches him with anxiety. Basie starts
text: nervously playing with his lucky half crown.
text: The driver notes Jim and is evidently talking to the
text: Corporal in a good humored way about Jim, who bows steeply
text: and then stands to attention, unsmiling. The Corporal
text: laughs. The Corporal part-fills a bottle of water from his
text: canteen and holds it up, calling to Jim, beckoning. The
text: prisoners are transfixed by the sight of the water shining
text: in the sunlight. Jim walks to the Corporal.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: (under his breath) I
dialog: Good lad. |
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: That's my boy.
text: Jim accepts the bottle, BM Ck BOE § ree
text: paces, wipes the neck 1B ee ores tips
text: it into his mouth, draining it. Ransome's expression is
text: puzzled and bitter. Basie smiles bleakly, more or less
text: understanding. Mrs. Vincent does not understand and is
text: hurt. The Corporal looks across at the prisoners’ dismay
text: and laughs. Jim laughs with him. Jim gives the bottle back
text: to the Corporal, who now refills it to the top from his
text: canteen. He gives it to Jim, who bows again and this time
text: takes it to the lorry, standing in front of Ransome, who I
text: has got to his feet. Ransome stares briefly at Jim.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM i
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: It was my water.
dialog: 
text: Ransome takes the bottle, and Jim goes back to his place,
text: sitting on the ground, leaning against one of the wheels of
text: the lorry. Ransome tips a little water into the mouth of
text: the SICKEST WOMAN and then into the mouths of two or three
text: Elderly Prisoners who can't move. Basie reaches out for
text: the bottle but Ransome tips it to his own mouth first
text: taking a couple of gulps; it seems he might take a third
text: gulp, but finds Jim looking at him expressionlessly, and
text: checks himself. Ransome passes the bottle on. Jim looks
text: away again. When the bottle reaches Mrs. Vincent she first
text: of all gives a drink to her husband.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
dialog: 
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3): 62
text: A plane is passing high overhead. Ransome looks at Jim
text: who is looking up into the sky. Jim removing goggles from
text: in front of his eyes onto his forehead, and squints
text: expertly up at the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP AIRFIELD/JAPANESE LORRY - EVENING 124 |
text: Jim's small model airplane is flying against the night
text: sky. The constellations jolt around behind it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He is lying on his back holding the plane in the slip
text: stream of the lorry, comforting himself, he makes plane
text: noises. In the distance he HEARS the sound of real planes |
dialog: (0S). . I
text: He SEES a Japanese airfield; several planes are taxiing
text: towards the runway. In the background he SEES a tall
text: pagoda against the evening sky.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nantao airfield... that's the
dialog: Pagoda.
text: The lorry dips and the efooti/p(oabetped MLE Qocscon
text: of an embankment.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT NANTAO CAMP AIRFIELD (EMBANKMENT) - EVENING 125
text: ANGLE ON THE EMBANKMENT
text: We HEAR the distant drone of planes. (If Bosch had been
text: alive he would have painted this.) Clouds of white dust
text: swirl up to the Shanghai moon. Burning tires have been
text: placed inside oil drums and, by their hellish light, we see
text: DOZENS of NEARLY NAKED WORKERS scampering up and down the
text: slope of the embankment while carrying rocks. The white
text: ashy dust sticks to their skin and so it appears that the
text: Japanese are building their runway with an army of ghosts.
text: SENTRIES patrol the embankment and their bayonets are
text: silhouetted against the somber sky.
text: We see the outlines of the Nantao camp against a horizon.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE JAPANESE LORRY . 126
text: The lorry comes to a halt by a pile of rocks.
text: Ransome jumps out first (always Johnny on the spot).
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: ~ ~
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: CONTINUED + 63
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: - Right Jim...let's get everyone to
dialog: their quarters.
text: But Jim doesn't pay any attention to Ransome. Instead he
text: just stares at the slope and the planes he knows are hidden
text: behind them (because he can HEAR them). Basie jumps down
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I don't see any camp.
text: Behind them the guard lowers the tailgate and the prisoners
text: get out. Mrs. Hug seizes up the situation.
speaker_heading: MRS. HUG
dialog: They want us to carry stones.
text: A GUARD hands Ransome a rock but he throws it down.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: No...no...no
dialog: a rafde ae geqd decter
dialog: as} aye 4 Se Sine
dialog: e aca) se S5ene
text: Hé at Ss up a rock and
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: falls down in the white
text: grabs a rock. Jim only
dialog: planes. They are his siren sondg=
text: climbs the embankment.
dialog: The guard clubs Ransome fie
dialog: s
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP AIRFIELD (RUNWAY) - EVENING 127
text: Jim reaches the top of the embankment and sees the runway
text: being built. It's white.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - A GROUP OF PLANES
text: parked twenty yards from where they are building the runway.
text: He drops the rock, staggers towards the planes.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE GUARD
text: He sees Jim and brings his rifle up to his shoulder.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THREE PILOTS
text: The PILOTS in flying suits and helmets are strolling
text: along. They see Jim and nudge each other.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He reaches the first plane and leans against it running his
text: hands over the smooth cowl of the engine.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE GUARD
text: He has Jim in his sights and cocks the hammer.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He stands under the wing and SEES the three pilots approaching
text: him. Jim touches the blade of the prop and whispers.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Zero-sen.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE GUARD
text: He lowers his rifle.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BASIE AND RANSOME
speaker_heading: They deposit their EM CHE GG & i
dialog: ree pilots. 2 |
dialog: They SEE Jim and the th They are Starlding under
dialog: the wing of the Zero.
dialog: 
text: ANGLE ON THE RUNWAY
text: Dozens of workers are working on the sides of the runway. i
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP AIRFIELD (RUNWAY) - DAY 128
text: ANGLE ON THE RUNWAY
text: The wind blows a fine dust over the runway. On the sides
text: of the runway where the workers once stood are now burial
text: mounds. OS we HEAR the sharp clicking sound of bamboo
dialog: stave against bamboo stave. (Screenwriters note: the
text: sound is like rattling bones.)
speaker_heading: DISSOVLE:
dialog: 
dialog: 129
dialog: 65
scene_heading: INT. NANTAO CAMP (GUARD HOUSE) - DAY 129
text: With the dissolve, we SEE the image of two Kendo fighters
text: circling each other with helmets, body armor, and’ bamboo
text: staves, suspended over the runway. Suddenly, the taller
text: fighter attacks. Before his shorter opponent can make a
text: move, he has been beaten around the arms and head. The
text: shorter opponent's helmet is knocked off his head, revealing
text: the face of Jim; an undernourished, undersized, over experienced
text: fourteen-year-old. The fight has taken place in the guard
text: house, somewhere between an office and a recreation room.
text: An audience of THREE OFF-DUTY JAPANESE GUARDS applaud as the
text: victor takes off his helmet. This is SEARGENT NAGATA, a
text: once strong farmer's son who is beginning to show the
text: ravages of tuberculosis.
text: Jim places his helmet on a desk.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thank you, Seargent Nagata.
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: Nagata teach Kendo. Boy teach
dialog: English.
text: Jim slips into his “EME “G68 9
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes, shoes.
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: Shoes.
text: Jim picks up a bottle with a cork in it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Bottle.
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: Bottle.
text: Jim removes the cork.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Cork.
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: Cork.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Book...chair
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: Book..chair. Thank you. Hello.
dialog: Good-bye.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - Very good.
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: 4 Very good.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I have to go now.
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: Cheerio.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Cheerio.
text: Jim palms the cork and leaves the recreation
dialog: room.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (GUARD HOUSE AND ENVIRONS) - DAY 130
text: Jim comes out of the guard house, rubbing his ear where
text: Nagata had hit him and finding a little blood on his
text: fingers. He looks in command of himself and of the
dialog: situation, however, as he s °. a,trok tawa eS
dialog: hospital, skittering along {i s| t= tay i
text: shorts, his clogs flapping And! kibgin!
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE . 131
text: A game of marbles is in Progress in the dust. Several of
text: the BOYS from the camp are engaged in this. Others, the
text: SPECTATORS, stand watching, each holding a thread on which
text: a brilliant blue dragonfly is captive. Jim, on his
text: progress, tears by. He is clearly an object of interest to
dialog: all the other boys.
speaker_heading: BOY 1
dialog: Jim! Where are you going?
speaker_heading: BOY 2
dialog: Dr. Ransome's looking for you!
text: Jim ignores them as he hurries by. He turns the corner at
text: a crossroads where two paths meet, and his flying clogs
text: flash by the handwritten street signs which proclaim these
text: paths to be "Piccadilly" and "Bond Street". As Jim runs
text: through the camp toward the hospital, we get a view of the
text: distant pagoda across the airfield which is separated from
text: the camp by a wire fence.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 132
text: Outside one of the huts there is evidently a "concert
text: party" in rehearsal. Ina grotesque parody of a mixed
text: chorus line, a group of PRISONERS are learning steps and
dialog: singing...
speaker_heading: WOMEN PRISONERS
dialog: "We're the girls every boy adores."
speaker_heading: MEN PRISONERS
dialog: (sing )
dialog: "You're the girls every boy
dialog: adores..."
speaker_heading: PRISONERS
dialog: (sing together)
dialog: "C.A.C. don't mean a thing to me..."
text: Jim tears round the corner, skidding round the chorus line.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Sorry!
text: Jim runs on without pausing.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: That boy ... - i t
dialog: t §
speaker_heading: E Meow O08 9
dialog: Needs a good ing. 8
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 133
text: A GOLFER addresses himself to an old battered ball which
text: he then hits a few ungainly yards towards a SECOND GOLFER
text: who stands hopefully next to a cavity in the stony ground.
text: It is not a good shot at all. The first golfer shakes his
text: head in disgust. Jim runs by, laughing.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Use your iron!
text: The golfers evidently take their game seriously. They
text: glare at Jim.
text: Jim continues his journey through the camp at his usual 134
dialog: speed. This may be an appropriate moment to describe what
text: the camp is like. The camp is surrounded by a wire fence
text: which separates it from the nearest part of the airfield.
dialog: (The nearest part of the airfield is on the fringe of any
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: ;
dialog: ;
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 68
text: airfield activity and is in fact rather overgrown, apart
text: from the runway itself, and conceals a narrow canal. The
text: business end of the airfield is way across on the other
text: side, near the pagoda).
text: The main entrance of the camp, guarded gates, gives onto a
text: minor road which skirts the airfield and the camp. Part of
dialog: the camp is evidently older than the war. There might be
text: about 20, double-story, concrete structures large enough to
text: sleep one-hundred people each. There is a larger structure,
text: facing the airfield, which has been Part-bombed. This is
text: an assembly hall, with a balcony now open to the sky and
text: standing in its own rubble. There are negotiable stairs up
text: to the balcony, partly covered by debris. The dormitory
dialog: blocks are regularly laid out between quite neat
text: rudimentary paths. Their front doors, each approached by a
text: few steps, look out upon a "parade ground". There are
text: also some wooden buildings, evidently purposely built for
text: the camp. There is a guard house which accomodates the
text: soldiers who guard the camp. There is also a watch tower
text: upon whose platform there is a Japanese soldier shaded by a
text: tin roof. One of the houses is now the hospital. It has a
text: verandah. The area outside the wire includes, near the
dialog: hospital, a cemetery and t, en g ller
dialog: wooden shack, quite near t fave. i e ui hich
text: has a chimney and a servin ck.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP - HOSPITAL
text: We follow Jim until he runs up the steps of the hospital.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL (DISPENSARY & WARDS) - DAY
text: The first room is a dispensary of sorts. The men's ward
text: and the women's ward lead off from it. In each ward can be
text: seen a number of cots and mattresses, all occupied in the
text: semi-gloom. The only person in the dispensary is a
text: middle-aged woman, MRS. PHILLIPS. From her appearance and
text: her activity in the room it is clear that she is not a
text: visitor but belongs there. Jim speaks to her in an
text: unnaturally loud voice. :
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Phillips!
scene_heading: MRS. PHILLIPS
dialog: Ssh...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What?
scene_heading: MRS. PHILLIPS
dialog: Why are you shouting? What have you
dialog: done to yourself?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 69
text: She sees the blood on his ear.
speaker_heading: RANSOME (0.S.)
dialog: Jim!
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL (WOMEN'S WARD) - DAY 137
text: Ransome's urgent voice has come from the women's ward. Jim
text: enters the ward and finds Ransome bending over one of the
text: cots which boasts the ward's only mosquito net. Ransome is
text: tensely and energetically attempting to restart the heart
text: of a woman patient, while hospital orderly, MRS. GILMOUR,
text: is attempting mouth-to-mouth resuscitation on the patient.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Quickly, Jim!
text: Jim hurries closer. Lying on the cot is a young woman who
text: is in fact dead from dysentery. Ransome is leaning over
text: her, pumping her heart through the thin wall of her naked
text: chest. Ransome, who is now bearded, is sweating, breathing
text: heavily, tiring.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Can you do this?
dialog: a - ‘ . Q)
dialog: Jim takes over pumping jie pte. ns} (role Side Mrs.
dialog: Gilmour and takes over job Senéuth-t: igh the
dialog: patient.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
text: (between breaths, rapping the
dialog: words at Jim)
dialog: Don't speed up -- keep the rhythm.
scene_heading: MRS. GILMOUR
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
text: She's dead, Dr. Ransome.
text: Mrs. Gilmour is a Pleasant, middle-aged woman, like Mrs.
dialog: Phillips in most respects. .
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Keep going.
dialog: (to Mrs. Gilmour)
dialog: Take over.
text: Mrs. Gilmour takes over from him and Ransome tries to
text: listen to the young woman's heart. Jim keeps pumping with
text: the heels of his hands. He looks down at the girl. As he
text: looks at her, suddenly her open eyes swivel toward Jim,
text: looking at him. Ransome straightens up.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: All right, stop.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: She looked at me! I got her back to
dialog: life!
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: You pumped some blood into her
text: brain, Jim, just for a moment.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, she looked right at me! I can
dialog: do it again.!
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Stop shouting. Leave her alone.
text: He walks away exhausted.
text: Ransome continues into the di Pp
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL (DISPENSARY) - DAY 138
dialog: Satie here sits_doyn,
dialog: alone for a moment in grief nd an, es
text: into the dispensary, approaching R some (cau R&ysome
text: looks up at Jim, a little more warml
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Come on then. Have you done your
dialog: homework?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: I think I've gone deaf!
scene_heading: MRS. PHILLIPS
text: Somebody's boxed his ears at last.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Sergeant Nagata gave me a Kendo
dialog: lesson. . ‘
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: (touching Jim's ear)
dialog: He gave you a lesson all right. Sit
dialog: there.
text: He indicates a chair standing by a metal table in the
dialog: dispensary.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: (to Mrs. Phillips)
dialog: Give the mosquito net to Mr. Radnik.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: t
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 71
scene_heading: MRS. PHILLIPS
dialog: - Poor man.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Just give it to him, Mrs. Phillips.
text: Ransome comes to Jim and starts to examine the ear, wiping
text: it with a swab.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Is that what you do? -- Give the
dialog: mosquito net to whoever's dying next?
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Sit still. 'They were being loved.'
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Amabantur.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: "I shall be loved.'
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Amatus eris.
text: Ransome straightens up f AG Lat, (x ear
text: and announces his prescript nt C Vv
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: I'm taking you off games.
text: Ransome picks up Jim's Latin text book and flips through
text: the pages, settling on Jim's next homework. He hands the
dialog: book back.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: For tomorrow: ‘gerunds and
dialog: gerundives.
text: Jim's attention, in his eyeline, is now with Mr. Radnik,
text: around whose cot Mrs. Phillips and Mrs. Gilmour are placing
dialog: the mosquito net.
speaker_heading: RANSOME,
dialog: Are you paying attention?
text: He notices Jim's distraction, then sees that Jim's eye is
text: on an almost new pair of white golf shoes put neatly at the
text: end of Mr. Radnik's cot.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Jim, can you hear me?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED (2): 72
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes, it's coming back. Do you ever
dialog: save anybody, Dr. Ransome?
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: I think they'd have to be Lazarus.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, anyway, it's fewer to feed.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: You're a pragmatist, Jim. What
dialog: about your English prep?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (rapidly,
dialog: from memory)
dialog: "If I should die think only this of
dialog: me that there's some corner of a
dialog: foreign field that is forever
dialog: England there shall be in that rich
text: earth a richer dust concealed a dust
dialog: which England bred - "
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: fone ees
dialog: (interry ite roi
dialog: Yes, but try top)
dialog: it's not just al St wi rad OG
speaker_heading: . JIM
dialog: Hotsy totsy.
speaker_heading: RANSOME.
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's a new word Basie taught me. He
dialog: said you'd know what it means.
dialog: 
text: Ransome leans forward and takes two tomatoes out of Jim's
text: shirt pocket.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (unashamed)
dialog: They're for Basie.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I have to give him something .
dialog: everytime I see him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED (3): 73
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: - It's alright. It's a good thing
dialog: you're friends with Basie. He's a
dialog: survivor.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's because he only drinks boiled
dialog: water.
text: Ransome offers the tomatoes.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Eat these. I've got something else
dialog: for you to give Basie.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Eat them now.
text: Jim eats them.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's a good thing I'm friends with
dialog: you, too.
dialog: . f 2.Q «
dialog: From his pocket Ransome t ondo: hi gives
dialog: to Jim. $ i a
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: See you tomorrow! I've got some things
dialog: to do!
text: Jim gets up and runs out of the dispensary, stuffing the
text: Latin book inside his shirt.
scene_heading: 139 INT. HOSPITAL (MEN'S WARD) - DAY 139
text: Mrs. Phillips, standing at the door of the men's ward,
text: watches him go, bemused and even bewildered by him.
scene_heading: : MRS. PHILLIPS
dialog: He keeps busy, doesn't he?
scene_heading: 140 EXT. NANTAO CAMP (WASHLINE & PERIMETER FENCE) - DAY 140
text: Jim has arrived at the washing line which is a crude affair
text: behind one of the dormitory blocks. He rapidly unpegs a
text: shirt, pants, and socks, and runs past the fence towards the
dialog: American dormitory.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: _ 140
dialog: 141
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 74
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - A MODEL GLIDER
text: sailing on the breeze on the other side of the fence. A
text: JAPANESE BOY, a year or two older than Jim, runs after it.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The plane sails over the perimeter fence and crash lands
text: near Jim. Jim runs over to it and picks it up (after
text: Placing the laundry carefully on the grass).
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JAPANESE BOY
text: He runs to his side of the fence and he looks at Jim,
text: wondering what he is going to do with his plane.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JIM .
text: Jim looks carefully -MIGH. 008.9 the
dialog: Japanese boy.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JAPANESE BOY
text: He is worried about his plane.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He launches the glider back across the fence.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The Japanese boy shouts his thanks and runs after the
text: glider. He picks it up.
text: Jim waits to see if the boy will launch the glider back
text: at him. But the boy launches his glider away from Jim
text: and runs after it. .
text: Jim picks up the laundry and runs through the camp. He
text: notices a lorry, the food lorry, coming down the road
text: towards the camp gates.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 141
text: The lorry creates a stir of interest. Here and there,
text: PRISONERS note the lorry's arrival. An ALMOST NAKED MAN is
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7
text: standing between the shafts of a simple two-wheeled cart.
text: He has apparently been waiting for the lorry. He stands up
dialog: and we recognize, perhaps only just recognize, Mr. Maxted.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Jim! The caterers have arrived!
text: Jim, carrying his washing, runs along toward what we will
dialog: know to be the men's dormitory.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't worry, Mr. Maxted! I'll be
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Come on, Jim! It won't taste the
dialog: same without you!
text: We stay with Jim and see him run up the steps of "E-Block",
text: the men's dormitory.
scene_heading: INT. BRITISH AND AMER: = VE Sp DORM RE B DAY 142
text: The building contains two seRarpte d s,gone for the
text: British men, one for Americans. Jim goes to the door of
dialog: the British dormitory.
scene_heading: INT. BRITISH MEN'S DORMITORY - DAY 143
text: He addresses himself generally to the OCCUPANTS The
text: dormitory has a thoroughly demoralized atmosphere. It is
text: full of listless men, many of them ill, groaning and sweating.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The food lorry's here!
scene_heading: BRITISH PRISONERS
dialog: (morosely)
dialog: Sod off!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: There isn't any other news.
text: He leaves.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY - DAY . 144
text: The doorway of the American dormitory is decoratd with
text: signs and American symbols. One sign says "You are entering
dialog: the United States." Another says "So get them off." Jim
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SE SS IS SS
dialog: ~144
dialog: 145
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 76
text: enters the American dormitory. This large room has been
text: Partitioned off so that every bed is in its own cubicle.
text: The partitions are homemade from any material which has come
text: to hand; sheets, bits of wood, and packing cases, etc.
text: There is a central corridor into which some of the cubicles
text: Open. Some of the front doors are "closed" and others are
text: "open". TWO AMERICAN PRISONERS, a pitcher and a catcher,
text: are throwing a baseball up and down the corridor. It's
text: clear that Jim is popular here, in his own way. As he
text: negotiates the corridor, he is greeted on every side by the
text: American prisoners. One of whom (TIPTREE) is playing a
dialog: harmonica.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN PRISONERS
dialog: It's Shanghai Jim.
dialog: Hey, Jim.
dialog: Hot water and shave over here.
dialog: Get me a left-handed screwdriver and
text: a bucket of steam.
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: Would you like a Hershey bar?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh, yes ple 7», Dainty,! Ae
dialog: f
dialog: Meri. O08 ¢
dialog: So would I, Kid. “Ha¥d you dét Wnée’ #
text: Jim makes his way down the corridor. Along the way he
text: passes SIX AMERICANS playing poker. They are using condoms
text: as chips. Jim is heading for a corner cubicle. This is
text: guarded by an American prisoner called DEMAREST. Seeing Jim
text: approaching with the laundry, Demarest moves aside the
text: curtain closing off the corner cubicle to speak to someone
dialog: inside.
dialog: went
dialog: Ye
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: It's the kid.
text: He jerks at Jim to enter.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) = DAY 145
text: The cubicle is a corner one, with two windows giving Basie
text: a clear view of the entire camp. He is sitting on his
text: bunk, dressed in a long sleeved cotton shirt, faded but
text: neatly creased. The cubicle is like a general store;
text: clothing, pots and pans, tennis racquets, stacks of old
text: magazines. Jim enters in his usual state of panting
text: excitement. Basie sits on the bed, absently playing with
text: the half crown coin which he slips in his pocket when Jim
text: arrives; not to hide it, but Jim merely replaces the coin
dialog: as something to occupy him.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: I
speaker_heading: SE
speaker_heading: 145 CONTINUEDS 77
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: Stop breathing so much. There ain't
dialog: ) enough air as it is.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Come in, Jim. You're alright.
dialog: There just isn't enough air for you
dialog: in the whole of Nantao, isn't that
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's it, Basie. Here are your
dialog: clothes?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You're better than a laundry.
text: Basie smiles warmly at Jim. He reaches under his bed for
text: i) a tin box from which he takes a potato and gives it to Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thanks, Basie. I got you a cork.
text: Jim hands over the cork from the guardhouse.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: This will do fine.
speaker_heading: ow ERMEHNOQ8 9
speaker_heading: BASIE |
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: Did you get the sewing needle?
text: eS Jim finds the needle in the hem of his shorts. Basie takes i
text: it from him and examines it. |
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE ,
dialog: Good boy.
text: Basie fiddles with the cork and needle. He lays the needle
text: flat on the cork seeing how it will work as a compass.
text: Demarest is folding the laundry Jim brought and placing it
text: under Basie's mattress.
text: Jim licks the last of the potato from his fingers.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: You've got to give it back.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 145
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 78
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: - Got to? What do you mean, got to?
dialog: Are you going to give me the potato
dialog: back?
text: Jim is taken aback. Demarest smiles at Jim's discomfort,
text: but Basie's pendulum is still swinging. He snarls at
dialog: Demarest.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: What are you laughing at?
text: And he jerks his head at Demarest, indicating that he
text: should leave, which he does.
text: Basie is feeling expansive. Jim always makes him feel
text: powerful. He stares at Jim, looking him over as if he is
dialog: going to remake him.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Jim, would you like to become an
dialog: American?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (almost beside himself)
dialog: Oh yes, Basie. I would love it.
text: Basie gets up from his chair and indicates that Jim should
dialog: sit there. Basie should play thi sedi 4 SO! a ay ician
dialog: who is about to reveal a g: e hist pu Grea
text: Jim's back, he rummages thrpu i sket: mit
text: dare to look behind him. BaSi'e comés up behind him. He
text: has something in his hand, but we can't see what. Basie
text: cuffs Jim affectionately on the head.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Put your chin on your chest and don't
dialog: move.
text: Jim does as he is told. He HEARS the quick snipping of
text: scissors. He sees his long English locks fall to the floor.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Basie is giving Jim a crew cut and it's obvious by the
text: quick, confident way he goes about his business, that Basie
dialog: cut hair in another life.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (making conversation
dialog: like a barber)
dialog: Did you see the Mustang yesterday?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ~145 CONTINUED (3): 79
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (nodding happily)
dialog: It's the Cadillac of the sky, Basie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (as an aside)
dialog: Keep your head down. You'll see Plenty
text: of them soon. And B-29s.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: B-29s?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: The Superfortress, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Where from, Basie?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: The Mariana Islands, Saipan, Guam.
dialog: Yeah, the Marines took the Marianas
dialog: with the infantry; the 27th and the
dialog: 77th. That means that Tokyo is
text: going to be in bomber range.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Tokyo!
speaker_heading: EMEH Ango
dialog: It'll be time..t ont i going (nome! of
dialog: 
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Turn your head to the left.
dialog: 
text: Jim dutifully turns his head to the left.
speaker_heading: JIM |
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: We'll have to leave the camp.
dialog: 
dialog: :
speaker_heading: BASIE i
dialog: That's the idea. First the Japanese
dialog: feed you and then the Americans are
dialog: going to get you killed. Then it's
dialog: the other way around. It's all timing,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Will you tell me when it's time?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JIM i
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 145 CONTINUED (4): 80
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: - (sharply, almost cross)
dialog: I promise.
text: And he pushes Jim's head to the right rather roughly. As
text: he starts to work on Jim's right side...
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: How's your friend, Dr. Schweitzer?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I brought Amy Matthews back to life
text: for him. Just for a minute.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Yeah? That's worth a Reader's
dialog: Digest, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thanks, Basie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I'm increasing your word power, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: Com ee MCEUO 89
dialog: Pragmatist? hat's a one. D
dialog: Dr. Ransome teach you that one?
text: The only indication of Basie's anger is the quickening of
text: his scissors. Jim nods.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Your mother and father are going to
dialog: be pleased, coming back with all
dialog: these new words.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You'll meet them, Basie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I don't want you going over there
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What about my Latin?
text: Basie walks around Jim who has a complete crew-cut now, and
dialog: he seems satisfied with his work. :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (5): 81
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: - You can get up now, Jim.
text: (beat as he looks. at Jim)
dialog: You're an American now. Americans
dialog: don't need Latin. They've got
dialog: something much more important.
text: Jim feels his new hair, his new identity.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What's that, Basie?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Know how, Jim...know how.
text: Jim smiles and hands Basie the two condoms Ransome gave
text: him. Demarest sticks his head through the curtain.
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: Food truck is here.
text: Jim takes his Reader's Digest from the pile and is about to
text: leave while Basie picks up a broom and sweeps up his hair,
text: WHISTLING between his teeth.
dialog: FL eur y phe tt
dialog: Basie, where's BMEH went e i ey ei
dialog: tell. }
speaker_heading: e WVU F
speaker_heading: BASIE .
dialog: What radio is that? If I hada
dialog: radio, I wouldn't be talking to
dialog: you. I'd be listening to Charlie
dialog: McCarthy.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY - DAY 146
text: Jim leaves Basie's cubicle and jerks his head at Demarest,
text: who scowls at the deliberate impertinence and goes into
text: Basie's cubicle.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP - DAY 147
text: Jim runs up to join a gaunt Mr. Maxted who is standing with
text: his cart, dressed in a pair of shorts, about to be served
text: from the kitchen hatch. Other carts are returning laden to
text: different dormitory blocks, while a few more wait their
text: turn. Jim runs up, breathlessly, just in time to help
text: Maxted receive a bucket of boiled potatoes and some mush,
dialog: grains of wheat. Mr. Maxted is either too kind or too
text: oblivious to notice Jim's hair.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: — 147
dialog: 148
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Sorry, Mr. Maxted.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Good boy, Jim. The rations get
text: heavier as they get smaller.
dialog: Interesting. I must write to the
dialog: Times.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: The others should help.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Some work and some watch, and that's
dialog: all there is to it.
text: And they pull the cart towards G-block.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY DORMITORY (JIM'S ROOM) - DAY 148
text: Jim sits on his bunk with his plate. From his wooden box he
text: takes a tin spoon and stirs the wheat around.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WHEAT
dialog: eu Lg
dialog: It almost contains as much{ yeh vil 4s whgaty Jit’ pses his
dialog: spoon to separate the wees 1 Eeoh the vidas, 1 thing them
dialog: neatly around the edge o is pate?
dialog: a «
text: Jim shares his room with Mr. and Mrs. Vincent. Mr. Vincent
text: is not present. The room is divided by a makeshift Partition
text: consisting mainly of bits of curtain, etc., hanging from a
text: line attached to nails in the walls. The division is more
dialog: or less equable in the sense that the Vincent's have twice
text: as much of the room as Jim. Apart from the two cots, there
text: is little to note in the Vincents’ part of the room. (If
text: there is a window, the Vincents’ have it). Jim's cot is
text: inside the partition in a cubicle hardly bigger than the
text: cot. He has pasted photographs of shiny cars, Battle of
text: Britain pilots standing by their Spitfires, a crashed German
text: bomber, St. Paul's Cathedral... one Photograph, torn from a
text: shows an unidentified couple standing arm in arm outside the
text: gates ef Buckingham Palace. Jim's only real possession is a
text: make-shift wooden suitcase or box. In this box he keeps his
dialog: treasures.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE PARTITION
text: made up of various bits and pieces strung and pinned together,
text: is full of little gaps. They offer Jim a view of Mrs.
text: Vincent, who is looking at her face, critically, without
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 148
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 83
text: vanity, in the small mirror set into the inside of the flap
text: of her purse.
text: Jim watches her steadily for a few moments, with sympathy
text: but also with great curiosity. His eyes switch slightly to
text: take in the line of her body.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - MRS. VINCENT
dialog: although there is nothing more Provocative revealed of
text: it than the V at the neck of her shirt, which she instinc-
text: tively and unnecessarily closes as she becomes suddenly
text: aware of Jim's gaze.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Mrs. Vincent pulls the curtain open and watches Jim, but
text: doesn't see him or notice his haircut. She looks tired
text: and frayed, but still attractive.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Have you seen my needle, Jim?
dialog: — 3 gums gt ‘
speaker_heading: phe 0089
dialog: No, I have} irs. Vincent: ¥
dialog: May I borr Li ir“mirrér? & Ww
text: Mrs. Vincent hands him her purse. Jim opens the flap and
text: looks in the mirror at his new haircut. Only then does
dialog: Mrs. Vincent react.
dialog: 
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT |
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Jim, what did you do to your hair?
speaker_heading: JIM |
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I am an American now.
dialog: 
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: No, Jim, you're British.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, I'm not, Mrs. Vincent. I...am
dialog: a citizen of the world.
text: And he hands her purse back.
dialog: 
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT.
dialog: You shouldn't work for Basie. The
dialog: things that go on in that American
dialog: dormitory.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: |
dialog: '
dialog: I
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: I
speaker_heading: 148 CONTINUED (2): 84
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - Have you ever been there, Mrs.
dialog: Vincent.?
text: Mrs. Vincent gives Jim a look, but he is innocent of the
dialog: implication.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They've got wonderful things there;
dialog: Zippos, bongos, lipstick, flick
dialog: knives, harmonicas, tie pins,
dialog: binoculars, Vargas girls,
dialog: flashlights...you'd really like it.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Perhaps it's time you moved into the
dialog: men's dormitory. You're not eleven
dialog: anymore.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (overacting anguish)
dialog: Oh no, Mrs. Vincent. Not the
dialog: British dormitory. It's so boring
dialog: there. I'm only a boy. Please
dialog: don't, Mrs. Vincent. I'll tell my
dialog: father you looked after me.
scene_heading: A, MRS £ VENCENT |
dialog: (mi Eg ff am foaneip) 0.8 9
dialog: Do you th I' et the keway
dialog: JIM —™ . |
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: What reward? I never said....
dialog: 
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: You told everybody.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, I was much younger then.
text: Mr. Vincent enters the cubicle with two plates of food,
text: one of which he hands to his wife. He takes two spoons out
text: of his pocket and they use them to separate the weevils
dialog: from the wheat.
text: While Mrs. Vincent was lecturing Jim he was counting
text: weevils, and now he reaches in his box for a pencil.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Eighty-seven weevils today, Mr.
dialog: Vincent.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 148
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3): 85
text: And Jim writes down eighty-seven on the wall of his bunk
text: along side a row of similar numbers. Lots of them are over
dialog: one hundred.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's above average, but the trend
text: is down.
text: Mr. Vincent doesn't reply. Instead, he and his wife watch
text: Jim balefully. Jim stirs the eighty-seven weevils back
text: into the wheat and then takes a couple of rapid spoonfuls.
text: Mrs. Vincent almost gags at the sight.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Must you, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Sorry. Dr. Ransome says some of us
dialog: will die two days before we are
dialog: saved, perhaps two hours. So use
dialog: everything. We have to beat them,
dialog: you see.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: The Japs?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's how we wime a, B; sing ies
text: He keeps on eating the EME the 1B 9
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT ~
dialog: Do you think you'll miss this camp
dialog: when the war is over?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: No.
dialog: (thoughfully)
dialog: Why did the Japanese close the
dialog: school?
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: (with heartfelt sigh)
dialog: Because they wanted to punish the
dialog: grown-ups. I wonder how you'll take
dialog: to school in England when the war is
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (starting to eat
dialog: the potato)
dialog: It might be a bit strange.
text: He picks up a stray weevil on his finger and eats it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: 148 CONTINUED (4): 86
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - All the same, Mrs. Vincent, the best
dialog: teacher is the university of life.
text: Mrs. Vincent separates the weevils from the wheat with more
dialog: force than necessary.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Could we finish our meal? We've
dialog: heard your views on the university
dialog: of life.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Right. But we should eat the
dialog: weevils, Mrs. Vincent.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: I know, Jim. Dr. Ransome told you
dialog: so.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM t
dialog: He said we need the protein. |
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Dr. Ransome is Int 3 we should.eat i
dialog: all the weevils ME A ( ( } O |
dialog: } 5 , '
dialog: Nevertheless, Mrs. Vincent continues to s arati thém. E
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: I can't remember a single meal ‘
dialog: before the war, and I can remember
dialog: every one since.
dialog: (then brightly)
dialog: Mrs. Vincent, do you believe in
dialog: vitamins?
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: (pausing in despair)
dialog: Strange child. ‘
dialog: 
scene_heading: 149 INT. FAMILY DORMITORY (JIM'S ROOM) - NIGHT 149
text: Jim is awake; he is looking through his collection of
text: pictures torn from magazines.
dialog: 
text: ANGLE ON THE PICTURES
dialog: These pictures ought to reflect his longings and his eccen-
text: tricity. There are winter landscapes, whiskey advertisements,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: 149A
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: CONT.
speaker_heading: * 149A
speaker_heading: CONT.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 87
dialog: old Norman Rockwell ads that celebrate the American family,
text: a couple standing in front of the White House, Buick ads,
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: Bored with the pictures, he looks through the gap in the
dialog: curtain.
text: He sees Mrs. Vincent lying on her back, in a fitful sleep.
text: Her husband lies on his side facing the wall.- Suddenly the
text: light of a distant explosion is cast over her features. A
text: split second later, he HEARS the hard rumble of a distant
dialog: explosion (the light of the explosion always travels a
text: little faster than the sound in the scene).
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He moves from the curtain to the window.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE SKY [TR oe 6 Nh 149A
speaker_heading: “iC HW
text: over Shanghai flickerg icy the 1 ons PAE te jex osions.
text: He HEARS the distant drone of high flying bémbérs.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 149
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: Standing by the window, he looks through the gap in the
dialog: curtain. ~
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - MRS. VINCENT
text: the sheet hugs the contours of her body, one leg is bare.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He looks out the window.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE SKY 149A
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: over Shanghai is red.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 149
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: CONT.
speaker_heading: 149A
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: CONT.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 88
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 149
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: He presses his face against the window.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (whisper)
text: They're bombing the Shanghai docks.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MRS. VINCENT
text: The red glow of the distant fire casts Mrs. Vincent ina
text: faintly light. Her hair seems more full and blond, the
text: sheet around her more white. Her breasts rise and fall with
text: the rhythm of her slightly uneven breathing, and her lips
dialog: are parted.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE WINDOW 149A
speaker_heading: CONT. /
dialog: a A
dialog: The sky over Shanghai {as 1 a ‘ith Japanese
dialog: flack. The ground shia rs} becau ° es Si stance :
dialog: explosion and the cubré%é sways! . 1
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MRS. VINCENT . 149
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: She moans and rolls on her side. OS the DRONE of a B-29
text: grows closer.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He tears his eyes away from Mrs. Vincent and searches for
text: the B-29. OS he HEARS Mrs. Vincent moan.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MRS. VINCENT
dialog: 
text: A hand caresses Mrs. Vincents's stomach and she responds.
text: OS the sky is as bright as lightning and the SOUND of the
text: explosion rolls over the camp.
text: He is in a trance.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MRS. VINCENT
text: The hand caressing her belly belongs to Mr. Vincent and he
text: looks at Jim through the gap, with all of the possessive
text: anger of a man who has just discovered a competitor.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3): 89
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They're bombing the Shanghai docks!
text: OS the DRONE of the B-29 has turned to a ROAR, and he bolts
text: from the room.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP/FAMILY DORMITORY AND ENVIRONS - 150
speaker_heading: NIGHT (MOON) .
text: Jim rushes out of the dormitory, watching the sky. His
text: expression is transcendent.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: All the way from Guam...
text: A JAPANESE GUARD on the watch tower is shouting down at the
text: guards on ground level, some of whom have emerged from the
text: guard house, whose windows are lighted.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE MCR (} 89 151
text: An anti-aircraft gun po A on the tdp ° of the
text: Nantao Pagoda opens up. The reason is that a B-29,
text: jettisoning bombs as it goes, is passing over the airfield,
text: from the direction of Shanghai and towards the camp.
text: Prisoners and guards start running for cover. Jim alone
text: continues to watch. At the height of the NOISE of the
text: plane, an immense black shadow Passes over Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (awed)
dialog: My God...
text: Then he is flung aside by an explosion as a bomb hits the
text: ground not too far away. Then the noise ceases and Jim
text: picks himself up. The Japanese soldiers are shouting to
text: each other. The bomb has dropped just inside the camp,
text: causing indirect damage, by unlucky chance, to several
text: windows of the guardhouse. The watch tower, is also now at
text: a tilt but the soldier at the top, comically spared, is
text: clinging safely to the ladder.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 152
text: He looks down the bomb crater like he once looked down his
dialog: pool.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 152A
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
speaker_heading: 154A
dialog: 154
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: 156A
dialog: 30
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE CRATER 152A
text: In the moonlight, we SEE that the explosion has unearthed
text: some ground water. We SEE Jim's reflection in the water.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 153
text: The JAPANESE COMMANDANT, in uniform, arrives at the
text: guardhouse where he is met by Sergeant Nagata who salutes.
text: There ensues the usual brief one-sided shouting match.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - NIGHT 154
text: Basie is watching out the window.
speaker_heading: BASIE'S POV 154A
text: Out of the window.
text: BACK TO BASIE 154
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: Basie is not amused.
dialog: sens, woke bs QB S
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (GUARD HOUSE) - MORNING 155
text: The guardhouse is a mess. PRISONERS have gathered at
text: windows and on doorsteps. When they realize what has
text: happened, they start cheering and jeering.
text: A DOZEN GUARDS organized by Sergeant Nagata, each with a
text: bamboo stave, come rushing out of the guardhouse and begin
text: to scatter through the camp. The prisoners, immediately
text: guiet down and move back, nervous as sheep.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 156
text: Ransome is watching from the hospital window.
speaker_heading: RANSOME'S POV 1S6A
text: Out of the window.
dialog: t
dialog: I
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 157 EXT. NANTAO CAMP - DAY 157
text: Jim is also backing off, towards the hospital. The guards, |
text: in pairs, move around the camp and start smashing
text: prisoner's windows, over CRIES of protest.
scene_heading: 157A ANOTHER ANGLE 157A
text: TWO GUARDS are running towards the hospital.
scene_heading: 158 INT./EXT. HOSPITAL = DAY 158 |
text: Ransome moves out onto the steps of the hospital to meet
text: them. Ransome SHOUTS a protest in Japanese. The first
text: guard brushes past him and smashes the first window.
text: Ransome grabs the bamboo stick from the soldier and flings
text: it aside. It rolls towards Jim who is running up. Jim
text: picks it up. The guard starts attacking Ransome, hitting
text: and kicking him. The second guard is Seargent Nagata. : I
text: He uses his stick to club Ransome down. He is about to
dialog: join the first guard in kicking Ransome when Jim, holding I
text: the stave in Kendo style, leaps the hospital steps, onto i
text: the little veranda outside the doorway. |
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Sergeant Nagata.
dialog: 
text: Nagata turns. The fir, wis alsotdistragtéd. Jim
text: bows to Nagata and takes a3 ido & oe Ce faces
dialog: Jim. Jim makes a feint wit is stave, ja a tele tries a
dialog: stroke. Nagata faster in one can follow the movement, -
text: parries the stroke and smashes Jim in the ribs and on the
text: side of the head. Jim falls down. Nagata waits. Jim
text: climbs painfully to his feet and bows to Nagata who bows
text: back. Ransome, groggy and on his knees, has watched all
text: this. Jim walks to the other guard, who has also been
text: watching and presents him with the stave, bowing. The
text: guard looks at Nagata for instruction. Nagata turns and
text: walks away from the hospital. The other guard follows
text: him. Ransome gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: (to Jim)
dialog: Where does it hurt?
dialog: 
text: Jim touches his ribs and head. Ransome touches Jim's ribs
text: with his hands looking for fractures. f
scene_heading: 159 INT. HOSPITAL (MEN'S WARD) - DAY . 159
text: Jim is seated on the metal table, holding his ribs.
text: Ransome examines Jim's skull.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: _ 159
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 92
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Dr. Ransome, the B-29's fly at 320
dialog: miles an hour. I timed their shadows
text: across the camp with my heartbeat.
dialog: To hit the airfield they have to drop
dialog: their bombs about a thousand yards
text: away. But the Japanese are shooting
text: them down over the runway after the
text: Planes have already dropped their
dialog: bombs.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Well, we mustn't tell them.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (starting to gabble
dialog: excitedly)
dialog: If they want to stop them bombing
dialog: the runway, they have to shoot them
dialog: down a thousand yards away -
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: (calming him)
dialog: Jim... I've always said you ought to
text: be at McArthur's headquarters.
dialog: ' Ss
scene_heading: JIM'S Pov THE MOSQUITO EM c be H9 0
dialog: is no longer around Mr. R is eee [oe i q \B. e.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mr. Radik's dead?
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Yes. Dysentary. Ironic isn't it?
dialog: He was the chef at the Cathay Hotel,
dialog: you know.
text: The corpse is still on the bed. The golf shoes are still
text: placed neatly under the bed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: My father's company had a suite at
dialog: the hotel.
text: Ransome moves away from the table and Jim sits up and climbs
text: down off the table. Ransome comes back with the golf shoes.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 93
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: ~ If you were a customer he probably
dialog: would have liked you to have his
dialog: golf shoes. There you are, hardly
dialog: worn.
text: Lost for words, Jim takes off his homemade clogs and puts
text: on the golf shoes and stands in them, seeming moved rather
dialog: than elated.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Do they fit?
text: Jim nods, brushing away his tears.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP - DAY 160
text: ANGLE ON THE WHITE SHOES
text: We SEE Jim's feet in the wHité,gglf* shoes tha. “~goveted.
text: He is standing on the aise Bt Midge eekn aby Fo 2
dialog: (Mr. Radik's grave) with freeilyldug lea! th\aréuh4 hi
text: edges. A spade deposits some dirt on Jim's shoes. is
text: hand reaches down and he wipes the dirt from his shoes with
text: arag. We stay on the white shoes as Jim walks away (whistl-
text: ing tunelessly) and carefully avoids a puddle.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: Hey, kid.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Tiptree stands outside the American dormitory and jerks his
text: head towards it.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: He wants to see you.
text: And Jim follows Tiptree towards the dormitory.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY = DAY 161
text: Jim enters and, as usual, runs the gauntlet of greetings
text: and sarcasm from the American PRISONERS
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 94
speaker_heading: AMERICAN PRISONERS
dialog: Hey, it's Ben Hogan.
text: Hole in one Jim.
dialog: I'll trade you for the shoes.
dialog: Wanna play chess, Jim?
text: They flick towels at him and pretend to trip him.
text: We take time to notice that Cohen is BANGING away on his
text: bongo drums.
text: Jim arrives at the far end and enters Basie's cubicle which
dialog: is unguarded because...
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 162
text: Demarest is in there busily strapping a razor. Basie
text: waits to be shaved, sheet around his neck. Dainty is
text: also there, crouched over a map and compass; the compass
text: is the homemade one made by Basie with Jim's cork and
text: needle; the map is a guide book of the Shanghai area.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hello, Basie.
speaker_heading: _ DAINTY
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: What kept you?
speaker_heading: RAC Et Ag
dialog: Mr. Radik is ang ee QB Q
dialog: other news.
text: From the way the other men look at him, and the way Basie
text: ignores him, Jim deducts that he is in disgrace.
text: After what seems to be like an eternity, Basie deigns to
text: look at Jim, and then at the golf shoes which he regards
text: with a particular hatred.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: That was another fine way to get
dialog: yourself killed, Jim.
dialog: (with a last,
dialog: withering glance
dialog: at the shoes)
dialog: I thought you were an American.
text: Jim is close to tears, but then Basie'’s mood changes and he
text: thrusts the Yardley soap towards Jim.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Have a smell....Yardley's, prewar.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: Na acama acca cccccn carrera eaanc cnr
dialog: _162
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 95
text: Jim smells the shaving Soap appreciatively.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How'd you get that?
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: (admiringly)
text: Four tens over a full house.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: This camp is like Macy's under the
dialog: rug. You wouldn't believe the stuff
dialog: people are saving for a rainy day...
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: You're their rainy day, Basie.
text: Jim ogles the map and compass that Dainty is working with.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What are you doing, Dainty?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DAINTY |
dialog: Nothing to you.
speaker_heading: BASIE i
dialog: Silence is a good friend to a boy,
dialog: Jim.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Jim picks up the compass.
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: Put it down.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: You made this with a cork and a
dialog: needle? A real compass that works?
text: Dainty takes it from him and puts it back on the map.
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: The river's pretty much due East.
dialog: You could work up the bank, or you
dialog: could steal a sampan and work up the
dialog: middle, otherwise you could go
dialog: North of East but there's a couple
dialog: of canals to cross, and this map
dialog: doesn't tell you if it's buildings,
dialog: Paddyfields or what...
text: Jim takes all this in and becomes excited.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 162 CONTINUED (2): 96
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: - What about the fence?
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: They've got to have some bouncing
dialog: bettys around there, right?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Naw, they aren't that efficient.
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: I guess you'll find out the hard way.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Basie, is it time?
speaker_heading: BASIE |
dialog: No, Jim. I'll tell you when it's
dialog: time. |
speaker_heading: JIM |
dialog: You won't forget? |
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DAINTY |
dialog: Fat chance. -
dialog: By now Demarest is exp pnd rt pidly sHayiing Ge
speaker_heading: EMCRUUS
speaker_heading: Mmmm
dialog: ...I'm beginning to feel human.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: Keep still or I'll cut you.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You'd like that, Demarest. I should
dialog: have a mirror. Can you find me a
dialog: mirror, Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'll try, Basie.
dialog: (but he is still
dialog: concerned)
dialog: Basie, without me you wouldn't even
dialog: have a compass.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Without you, Jim, I wouldn't have a
dialog: needle. Without me, I wouldn't have
text: a compass.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 162 CONTINUED (3): 97
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: I think the river's best. Maybe
dialog: even cross the river. There'll be
dialog: fewer Japs.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Leave it, Dainty.
text: Suddenly, there is the sound of SHOUTING, in Japanese,
text: coming form the American dormitory.
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: (in a panic)
dialog: Japs!
text: Basie and Dainty react smoothly, but the dialogue is fast.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Door, Jim.
text: Jim goes to the "doorway" of Basie's cubicle.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Right, Basie.
dialog: Dainty is folding th Ap Trito! quattey nd sit becomes
dialog: a double-sided chess pode] VU U
speaker_heading: iL) VU
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: Radio search.
text: Demarest, meanwhile, has folded the razor and tossed it out ‘
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Demarest, you dumb...
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Your compass, Basie....
text: Dainty tosses the compass to Basie who hands it to Demarest.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Lose it - not out the window. i
dialog: |
speaker_heading: JIM |
dialog: (from the doorway)
dialog: It's Cohen.
text: Basie is folding up the sheet.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Why Cohen?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (4): 98
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: - Why not? It's his turn, and I'm
dialog: sick of his goddamn drum!
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY - DAY 163
text: The situation is that all the prisoners are standing by
text: their beds while Sergeant Nagata is overseeing TWO JAPANESE
text: SOLDIERS who are tearing Cohen's little cubicle to pieces,
text: and coming up with Cohen's bongo drum from under his cot.
text: One soldier brings this triumphantly to Nagata. Nagata
text: takes the soldier's rifle and, with the butt, smashes the
text: bongo drum to bits. There is nothing inside. Cohen,
text: involuntarily, steps forward to try to save his drum but he
text: is too late. Grief stricken, he rightly accuses, not the
text: Japanese, but his fellow prisoners in general.
speaker_heading: COHEN
dialog: You bastards!
text: The second soldier knocks Cohen to the ground.
text: Nagata, frustrated, looks around and pauses, looking at the
text: closed curtain leading to Basie's cubicle, watched
text: nervously by the other prisoners. Nagata enters Basie's
dialog: cubicle.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 164
dialog: oe
dialog: The "chess board" has b| Fed ‘i a bb >. Sabidlng
dialog: case. Basie and Daintyja i g [chess . i fang’ Demarest
text: are watching them play. en Nagata enters, ey all get
text: to their feet and stand politely. Nagata walks in .
text: carefully. There are now five people in the cubicle and
text: one of them stands out: Basie is spruce, tidy, smoothly
text: shaven, and wearing nice laundered clothes. Nagata,
text: Dainty, Demarest and Jim have more in common, they are
text: variously unshaven, bedraggled, dirty, sweaty and ragged.
text: Nagata sniffs the air delicately. He takes in Basie's
text: appearance and resents it. He puts his grimy face next to
text: Basie's clean one and sniffs the Yardley's. He touches
text: Basie's clean white shirt and looks down at Basie's dapper
text: shoes. He looks at his own army boots with their laces
text: broken and knotted. Nagata casually kicks over the "table"
text: sending the chess Pieces scattering. The bowl of shaving
text: soap and the enamel mug have been Placed on the floor under
text: the box and are now revealed. The mug is still foamy, with
text: the shaving brush stuck in it. Nagata takes out the shaving
text: brush and looks at it thoughtfully and drops it on the
text: floor. Demarest, Particularly, is scared, his eyes on the
text: mug full of foam.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 164
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 99
text: Nagata turns his attention back to Basie. His back is now
text: to Jim and Demarest. Nagata says something to Basie in
dialog: Japanese (we don't have to know what, but it could be, "Have
text: a nice shave?"). Basie bows to Nagata.
text: Demarest catches Jim's eye, switching his eyes to the
text: shaving mug. Jim looks at the shaving mug.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE COMPASS
text: in the mug. The foam is disappearing fast and the compass
text: is already visible.
text: Now we see that Basie has seen the compass.
text: Dainty also sees it.
text: The scene comes in TIGHT on Nagata and Basie.
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: You have a radio.
text: Basie stands rigid.
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: We know you have a radio!
text: He smells Basie's face again.
text: Nagata turns back to 168k ay Site | shaving soa sandy the mug.
text: He stoops. He picks up™t! g and peers! iin! o it; He tips
dialog: it over and nothing pubwsbapy ater com: s\dut,,! é
text: A tight CLOSE UP of Jim's expressionless face leads down ‘to
text: Jim's closed fist, still wet with winking soap bubbles.
text: We see Basie's surprise and relief.
text: Nagata turns back to Basie, holding the mug. Basie smiles
text: and bows to him but it's the wrong move and Nagata hits him
text: hard with the mug. Nagata loses control and lays into
text: Basie with his fists until Basie goes down, when Nagata
text: starts kicking him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BASIE
text: As Nagata's boots do their work on him, he looks at Jim
dialog: (the only person he trusts).
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 100
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: - (gasping)
dialog: Take care of my things.
text: Basie loses consciousness and Nagata could easily kick
dialog: Basie to death.
text: Jim watches in agony. He is about to interfere, but Dainty
text: warns him with a slight shake of his head not to move.
text: _ Finally, Nagata stops and walks abruptly out of the cubicle.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY - DAY 165
text: Nagata walks down the "corridor". The prisoners are still
text: standing quietly. The two Japanese soldiers are also
text: waiting. They fall in behind Nagata and leave with him.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 166
text: Demarest is watching Nagata leave.
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: Okay.
text: Basie is unconscious. On Demarest's word, Dainty and Jim
text: come to Basie's aid. Dainty tries to lift him to put him
text: on the cot. Jim interferes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't move him. I'll get Dr.
dialog: Ransome.
text: Jim leaves.
speaker_heading: “RAT | LO
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S opmiub ef cgrdse'6 eh Qentnc 167
dialog: bone F ee EE 5 of
scene_heading: JIM'S POV THROUGH WINDOW - THE HOSPITAL
text: A faint light flows from the men's ward, but that's the
text: only sign of life.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 168
text: With a fretful expression on his face, Jim turns away from
text: the window and sits on Basie's bunk. OS he HEARS the
text: voices of the Americans echoing through the dormitory,
text: somebody plays the harp and somebody curses. Jim pushes
text: the wooden box that contains his belongings under the bed.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 168
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 101
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE THREE WICKER BASKETS
dialog: hold Basie's greatest treasures.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He approaches the wicker baskets with caution and respect.
text: He looks over his shoulder to make sure no one will disturb
text: him and lifts the lids of the baskets, expecting to find a
text: hoard of gold.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - CONTENTS OF THE BASKET
text: Several pairs of women's slacks and blouses, a pair of
text: khaki shorts, several nonmatching shoes, aluminum pots and
text: pans, a stack of out-of-date, dog eared Lifes, Reader's
text: Digests, and Colliers, a tin filled with condoms, and a
dialog: Zippo.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He tries the Zippo, -but, it doesn't work. imed s
dialog: disappointed with the, oeepat df, ,the! Hoard). / He }replaces the
text: lids with a great déal flegs gare, then wheh he pened them,
text: and settles down with~a Poptflar
dialog: lechaniés .
text: Demarest sticks his head through the curtain and looks
text: rather balefully at Jim as if to say, "Are you still here?".
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Any news?
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: (perfect Basie-esque delivery)
dialog: I give the Jap's another three
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: . SIM
dialog: I meant about Basie.
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: Oh...naw.
text: Jim goes back to his Popular Mechanics but, seconds later,
text: Tiptree enters the cubicle. He walks up to one of the
text: wicker baskets and takes a Reader's Digest from it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: I think Basie would want you to
dialog: trade something for that, don't you?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 102 _
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: I'll work it out with him, alright,
dialog: Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: Yes, I suppose so.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: . Have you gone to see him yet?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, I haven't. He asked me to watch
dialog: his things.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: That's funny.
text: And Tiptree is about to leave the cubicle.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: What do you mean, Tiptree?
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: ee ee “fi him
speaker_heading: £5 rN
dialog: and...he said Basie wasgkindidflinia i
dialog: bad way, antl_asked. fo “ROK y
dialog: But. ..you_know Daint: : J
text: And, on that note, Tiptree leaves the cubicle.
text: Jim jumps off the bed and paces up and down the room,
text: looking out the window at the hospital. Then, he makes up
text: his mind. He takes the wicker baskets, hides them under
text: the bed, and runs out the cubicle.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL (MEN'S WARD) - EVENING 169
text: Jim enters the men's ward.
text: He SEES a bed shrouded by mosquito netting. Certain that
text: his friend is dying inside the shroud, he forces himself
text: towards the bed. He pulls the netting aside. He SEES Basie
text: lying in the bed. He looks frail, almost wispy, under the
dialog: sheets.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: If his tear ducts hadn't atrophied, he'd cry.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 169
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 103
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BASIE
text: He opens his eyes and reads the anguish on his friend's
text: face. With a sleepy smile, he indicates the mosquito
text: netting.
speaker_heading: BASIE
text: Ransome..is..on the take.
text: It takes him a few moments to realize what Basie means
text: and, when he does, his reaction is complex. He feels joy
text: that his friend is alive, and sadness because he thought
dialog: even the privilege of dying is for sale (and, in that
text: case, everything is for sale). Jim touches the mosquito
dialog: net.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (vather sadly)
dialog: You're so clever, Easie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Yeah, it only cost me two batteries.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How are you feeling?
dialog: i t Oye
dialog: F hasfe L Dis
dialog: I've had wor est Tj got fbeater a
dialog: stoker once. “ et - ws
dialog: 
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: On the Cathay American?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Were you a stoker?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Ship steward on the Shanghai/Frisco
dialog: run.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why did he beat you?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Shanghai/Frisco will be the trip
dialog: now, eh Jim?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 169 CONTINUED (2): 104
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - (as if the thought
dialog: occurred to him for
dialog: the first time)
dialog: Where do you live, Basie?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I mean, after the war.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I'll live somewhere else.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (as if he already
dialog: suspected as much)
dialog: So, you don't have a home.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE |
dialog: Did I say that?
text: There are a few moments of silence (if there was a
dialog: grandfather clock, we could hear it ticking).
dialog: 
dialog: 4A eon f cy oes
dialog: Why don' nye ‘Epne|ana ire Ate qi
dialog: Amherst ue? tI Tid }like/ you ee Z
dialog: come meet my parén Ss. Y eX%1
dialog: the pool and we'll eat three times e
dialog: day.
text: Basie smiles at the prospect, but then his smile turns into
text: a scowl.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Hey, you're not feeling sorry for
dialog: me, are you?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nobody feels sorry for you, Basie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: i
dialog: (dutifully, as if to
dialog: an aging champion)
dialog: And you always eat first.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: SSeeeenaeeaeeeeeeeaeaa eee
speaker_heading: 169 CONTINUED (3): 105
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You said it, kid.
dialog: ) (beat)
dialog: Now, I've been thinking ‘bout going
dialog: up river.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know.
text: Basie just gives him a look, and then continues.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: The plan is to take a sampan up the
text: Yangtze estuary and rendezvous with
dialog: some Hakka friends of mine.
speaker_heading: JIM |
dialog: © (eyes big as saucers) |
dialog: Pirates? |
speaker_heading: BASIE |
dialog: (with a wink)
dialog: Let's just call them gentlemen of
dialog: fortune, shall we? Tell me, Jim,
dialog: did you ever see the Hell drivers
dialog: in Shanghai? i
speaker_heading: JL -
dialog: Sure, I ak | w hd: ney
dialog: through a purhi wa. Y
speaker_heading: BASIE |
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Well, that's what I'm going to
dialog: call our little outfit, the Hell
text: ‘ drivers. With two fifty calibres in
dialog: S the hold, we're going to be lords of
dialog: the Yangtze. Come to think of it,
dialog: not a bad name.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Basie smiles to himself.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: But, what about Shanghai?
dialog: i
dialog: i
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: After this war, everything will
dialog: change. The Chinese are going to
dialog: take this city back and no one is
dialog: going to stop them. No, the smart
dialog: money is on the estuary, Jim.’ That's
dialog: ringside for the next war. }
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: } And after that?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 169 CONTINUED (4): 106
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: After that I am retired, start a
dialog: barber college. (beat) Now I'm
dialog: going to be straight with you,
dialog: Jim. It's between you and Dainty.
text: Jim almost trembles with excitement.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (blurts out)
dialog: Take me!
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Tell me... why... and I'll take you.
dialog: 
text: Jim knows that everything is riding on his answer, and he
text: considers several ones before dismissing them. Then, he
text: comes up with the only answer he could give.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Because I am your friend.
text: Basie responds with a wheezing laugh. |
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: BO pA BASIE, fy NY OY
dialog: (with! “certain wart} cs uy
dialog: What are Vout dod se here, YWAay2s’ #
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You asked for me.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Said who?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Dainty.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (narrows his eyes)
dialog: You've been had, kid. I didn't ask
dialog: for you....and I never would.
text: Jim realizes what happened, and runs from the men's ward.
scene_heading: 170 INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) = NIGHT 170
text: Jim stands in the doorway of Basie's cubicle. He is out of
dialog: breath.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - BASIE'S CUBICLE
text: has been ransacked, the wicker baskets lie on their sides
text: and the lids are off.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 107
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He has to fight back the tears and then busies himself with
text: trying to minimize the damage. He gathers up the blouses,
text: the slacks, the nonmatching shoes, and the Mah Jongg set
text: which is broken and puts them back in the baskets. But the
text: tin that held the condoms is empty, and the one tennis racket
text: and the magazines are all gone.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY - NIGHT 1721
text: Jim walks through the American dormitory with the box that
text: holds his belongings clutched to his chest.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE MEN
text: lying on the cots while reading Reader's Digest, Life,
text: Colliers, and Popular Mechanics. When some of the men see
text: Jim, they look away.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Could you please put those back,
dialog: they belong to Basie.
text: But, the men ignore him.
dialog: i ; i Hee, |
text: Jim walks up to Dainty, Tiptree f Dindres 3 ey are |
dialog: playing poker and using Basie’ s| of doms is chil (os |
dialog: stacked like in Vegas).
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (frantic, points |
dialog: at the condoms)
dialog: When you're done playing, could you
dialog: put them back in Basie's spot, please.
dialog: I was supposed to watch his things ]
dialog: and he is going to be awfully mad.
speaker_heading: DAINTY |
dialog: Basie ain't coming back, kid.
text: Demarest starts to shuffle the cards.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, Basie is coming back. Honest he i
dialog: is. :
text: But, the men ignore him as Demarest deals the cards, and Jim
text: walks away with the box clutched to his chest, fighting
dialog: back the tears.
dialog: 
dialog: 172
dialog: ) 173
dialog: 108
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY DORMITORY (JIM'S ROOM) - DAY 172
text: In his absence, the Vincents have colonized Jim's part of
text: the room. There are still three cots, but things have been
text: rearranged with some of the Vincent's possessions placed
text: on Jim's cot, and his photographs have been taken down from
dialog: the wall.
text: Mr. Vincent is lying on his cot, and Mrs. Vincent is
text: sitting on hers. As Jim hesitates in the doorway, she and
text: Jim look at each other. She makes neither objection nor
text: welcome. Then, Mr. Vincent sits up and sees Jim.
speaker_heading: MR. VINCENT
dialog: Oh no, you can't.
text: And he gets up to bar Jim's entry. Mrs. Vincent gently
text: pushes her husband back on the bed. She walks to Jim's cot
text: and takes their possessions and places them on her cot.
text: She looks at Jim, and then takes his photographs and starts
text: putting them back on the wall.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He starts to cry.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY pee . ne 173 |
speaker_heading: (ote ELS |
text: Jim waits for Basie e steps foe, aba sagt barracks
text: that lies opposite the Wostifel He Ras “beén fitting there
dialog: 
text: all morning and wipes the sweat off of his forehead every
dialog: once in awhile.
text: ANGLE ON THE HOSPITAL
text: Basie emerges from the hospital and stands in the doorway.
text: He blinks his eyes against the sun like a big, white mouse, :
text: and then walks down the steps with a slight limp.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: 
text: Jim runs up to Basie, but he ignores Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (with false cheer)
dialog: How are you feeling, Basie?
text: Basie just keeps on walking.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: 174A
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: CONT.
speaker_heading: 174B
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ; 109
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - Now, about your things.
dialog: (scrapes his throat)
dialog: Dainty and Demarest borrowed some of
dialog: them, and so did some of the
dialog: other fellows, as a matter of fact,
dialog: but I told them, put it all back.
dialog: I'm sure they did.
text: Basie just sends Jim a withering glance and shuffles on.
text: Jim gets the message and stops walking, while Basie shuffles
text: on. The wind gusts between the barracks, and Basie almost
text: disappears in a cloud of dust.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shouts after him)
dialog: They're stronger than me, Basie.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE & AIRFIELD) - DAY 174
dialog: ~ ¢
text: Jim walks past the plainer! fénce. > hi the camp
dialog: is deteriorating. Theré are, buoken winds tHe paths are
text: pitted and the street™Signs broken.
text: Jim is lonely and there is something aimless about his walk.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE AIRFIELD 174A
text: across the fence, a Zero airplane is ready for take off.
text: The JAPANESE PILOT, (a Kamikaze), bows to the THREE PEOPLE
text: who comprise his "guard of honor". There is a Japanese
dialog: corporal and a Japanese private and the Japanese boy that we
dialog: have seen with the glider. (We need to put the first glider
text: sc in the first day.) The Japanese pilot shouts the name of
text: the Emperor and salutes.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 174
text: . CONT.
text: He shouts as loud as he can.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Zero-Sen.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE JAPANESE HONOR GUARD : 174B
text: They look over their shoulder.
text: They SEE the unusual English boy on the other side of the
dialog: fence. .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 174A
speaker_heading: 174A
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 175
speaker_heading: 175A
dialog: 176
speaker_heading: 176A
dialog: 177
speaker_heading: 177A
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED, 110
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE JAPANESE 174A
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: The pilot climbs into the Zero, after several false starts,
text: sputters towards the runway.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 174
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: Still watching, he SINGS the solo of the hymn that they used
text: to sing in the choir.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 175
text: Dr. Ransome is examining Mrs. Vincent behind a screen in
text: the infirmary. OS they HEAR Jim's voice. nd rush to the
dialog: window
dialog: They see Jim standing EM; onkel in) SLES en Oh ace, 175A
dialog: while singing.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP - DAY 176
text: Mr. Maxted is scrubbing out a.huge pot. It's hard work and
text: his face is drawn and grim. OS he HEARS Jims' solo. Mr.
text: Maxted smiles and stops scrubbing the pot.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 176A
text: Basie is lying on his cot, watching the smoke of his cigarette
text: trail towards the ceiling, when he HEARS Jim's song through
text: the open window. One can't tell what he thinks about it,
text: because his expression stays the same.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE & AIRFIELD) - DAY 177
text: The Zero has lumbered into the air. The private and the
text: corporal just glance over their shoulders, but the Japanese
text: boy turns all the way around as Jim's singing continues.
text: He SEES Jim, following the Zero with his eyes. A tall ~- 177A
text: American approaches from behind.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: "No foes shall say his might,
dialog: Though he with giants fight; °
text: Then fancies flee away!
dialog: I'll fear not what men say."
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 177B
dialog: 177¢
dialog: 178
dialog: 
dialog: lll
text: Jim sings his last notes watching the Japanese boy watch 177B
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DEMAREST (os)
dialog: Hey, Caruso..he wants to see you.
text: Jim stops singing, turns around, looks at Demarest and
text: follows him to the American dormitory. He looks over his
dialog: shoulder.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - ACROSS THE AIRFIELD, THE JAPANESE BOY 177¢
text: follows the corporal and the private, but he too looks over
text: his shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 178
text: Basie, Dainty, and Tiptree are standing by the window.
text: Basie points towards the airfield.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You go out through near the block
text: house. The nettles are high enough,
dialog: for Christ's sake, and you're on the
dialog: airfield.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: . . tens A
dialog: Yeah, right, if aou den t +4 eins:
speaker_heading: moh C Eee OREO
dialog: wetag eee iui 4
dialog: And I am ‘télling"you. that theré'ré |
dialog: no mines. I
dialog: 
text: Demarest pushes Jim into the cubicle.
text: Jim doesn't know what to expect. Is this his return from
dialog: exile, or is he to be punished?
text: Basie looks Jim up and down, but doesn't say a word.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM i
dialog: (very softly)
dialog: Hello, Basie.
text: Basie produces an almost new Life magazine and casually
dialog: opens it. :
text: Jim SEES all the pictures and color ads.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 178 CONTINUED + 112
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: _ - (licks his lips
dialog: \ like an addict)
dialog: I've never seen that. What year is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: BASIE
text: Forty-five.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Forty-five?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: June 14.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (bewildered and delighted)
dialog: @ How did you get that? I thought
dialog: everthing was...
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I subscribe.
text: Dainty and Tiptree laugh.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: i I n. Honda au Tikes to feb b, RY
dialog: Jim. meee yo sok sects Bae
dialog: } after mep_ t fol ger pecnae
dialog: Studebaker, sates
dialog: (with a ro gm 1 oot! -
dialog: things from home.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (rubs his crewcut)
dialog: Yes, please, Basie.
speaker_heading: ) BASIE
dialog: We'll see, first things first.
text: Jim feels like an American again, back in the land of the
text: living. And, he watches Basie put the magazine aside and
text: pick up a wire noose attached to a stake.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Look at this.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: It's a pheasant trap. Do you know
dialog: what Thanksgiving dinner is, Jim?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 113
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: Of course I do.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Well, as an honorary American, we
dialog: thought we'd invite you...but what
dialog: is Thanksgiving dinner without
dialog: pheasant?
text: And Basie dangles the noose.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Have you seen pheasants, Basie?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Sure, one or two.
dialog: (puts his finger in
dialog: the wire noose and
dialog: pulls it tight)
dialog: It's like a noose, see? Neat. I've
text: seen them just outside the wire.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Outside the wire?
dialog: arn } a aa
dialog: Right by ths fa ge ofthe EX feild had
dialog: across the]: thes canal . {you Ean} ag?
dialog: it, easy. “You're too smart for the
dialog: Japs.
text: Jim finds Dainty, Demarest, Tiptree and Basie looking at
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE) - DAY 179
text: Jim walks casually along the perimeter fence. He is
text: wearing his shoes and carrying the pheasant trap.
dialog: The fence isn't formidable at all. Up to now, there hasn't
dialog: been much cause to worry about prisoners trying to leave
text: the security of the camp. Jim glances up at the watch
text: tower and passes out of view behind a ruined block house
text: on his own side of the wire.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 180
text: Basie, Dainty, Tiptree, and Demarest are at the window.
text: The fence and the overgrown wilderness beyond it, bordering
dialog: the airfield.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: :
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 180 CONTINUED ; i114
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAINTY, DEMAREST, TIPTREE AND BASIE
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
text: He's doing good. He's at the fence.
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: I lay odds he hits a mine.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: There's no mines. I bet you could
dialog: walk through anywhere.
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: You got a bet.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: With what, Dainty?
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: My reserve.
text: He produces three cigarettes from his pocket.
speaker_heading: PZ AMNIY AAR 7s
dialog: (wath Walid) C
dialog: But, whatuare you, going fith’,
dialog: Basie?
text: Basie holds up the Life magazine.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: My Life.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: I think there are mines. I bet my
dialog: harmonica.
scene_heading: 181 EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE) - DAY 181
text: Jim, barefoot now, is worming his way back under the bottom
text: strand of the fence. He crawls, disappearing into the
text: nettles, and emerges on the edge of the canal, into which
text: he crawls, keeping flat.
scene_heading: 182 INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 182
text: Bedlam! At least FIFTEEN PEOPLE are crowded into Basie's
text: cubicle and trying to look out the window. This is
dialog: obviously the most fun they've had for weeks. Then,
text: Tiptree (he's got a good seat) sees something.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: Nagata.
dialog: 
dialog: ‘
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 115
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE) - DAY 183
text: Sgt. Nagata is standing by the fence, suspicious, holding
text: his rifle in both hands. He stares through the fence,
text: apparently alerted to something. Nothing shows.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: Jim emerges carefully out of the water of the canal. He is
text: keeping as flat as possible, but beginning to feel braver.
text: Soaking wet, he moves forward in a crouch, glancing back
text: over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV - NAGATA
text: still on the camp side of the wire, his head turned away
text: from Jim, searching the terrain.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He drops flat.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON NAGATA
dialog: f “y, fs
dialog: He HEARD something fdas Laperlihf bonatsh« fence.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 184
text: Everybody is jammed around the window.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: He's seen something.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Forget it. Jim's lucky. He's a
text: black cat.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: That's a dead boy, Basie. I'll give
dialog: you odds, my harmonica, and my next
dialog: meal against your....
text: All the men watch Basie. They know he has nothing to bet
text: with except his Life. Basie crouches down, lifts a piece of
text: floorboard, and pulls a small linen sack from under it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 116
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: My Swiss bank account.
text: (he opens the sack
text: and takes out a watch)
dialog: You're on Tiptree.
text: This initiates an orgy of betting.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN I
dialog: A cigarette the kid gets it.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN II
dialog: I'll cover that.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN III
dialog: Bet you two rubbers, Basie.
text: Cohen presses the button of a flick knife.
speaker_heading: COHEN
dialog: What about this?
text: Basie digs in his sack Again, and produces a gold (dental)
dialog: i eer ‘ether! sae at
text: crown, which he shows 8 ohen, Gopen} examines the crown
dialog: (it ought to have |sonle gld, dried \b do around the rim)
speaker_heading: * COHEN
dialog: You got it, Basie.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN IV
dialog: I bet my wife's picture.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: No market.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE) - DAY
text: We SEE Jim's face. He's lying in the nettles.
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV - NAGATA
text: working his way along the fence to a point opposite Jim.
text: Nagata, searching around, SEES something white and half
dialog: 185
text: hidden in the grass on the camp side of the fence. Unhurried,
text: he investigates and finds Jim's shoes. Nagata looks at the
text: fence again, and starts to work his way through the wire.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: Jim, breathing rapidly with fear, crawls sideways.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 117
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 186
text: We ‘SEE the intent faces at the window. Basie looks tense.
text: Everybody is staring, fascinated.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN II
dialog: Keep going, Sarge.
scene_heading: -EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE) - DAY 187
text: Nagata starts to wade across the little canal.
scene_heading: NAGATA'A POV - THE GRASS
text: and the nettles have been flattened.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He SEES Nagata wading through the water.
dialog: a on
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S porn
dialog: 2
dialog: Ke
dialog: a
dialog: ..,
dialog: >
dialog: 4
dialog: “a,
dialog: ”
dialog: ft
dialog: \ fof i) (=! = DAY 188
dialog: i! Coe C
dialog: The Americans all olen! to Bas.
dialog: (with relish)
dialog: You're looking at a busted flush,
dialog: Basie.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: That's my watch, Basie.
speaker_heading: COHEN
dialog: Fork it over.
speaker_heading: AMERiCAN PRISONERS
dialog: You owe me two rubbers.
dialog: Pay up, Basie.
dialog: You're washed up.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (intense)
dialog: Shut up!! I'll double all bets and
dialog: I want all my old magazines back.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN PRISONERS
dialog: You got it. .
dialog: Two meals.
text: Four rubbers.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: Three meals and my harmonica. Got
dialog: another watch?
text: Basie shakes another watch from his little linen sack.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You're going to lose some weight, my
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN II
dialog: I'll bet these field glasses.
text: Basie turns the sack upside-down and a wedding ring falls
text: into his open palm. American II nods his head.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE) - DAY 189
scene_heading: ANGLE ON NAGATA .
dialog: MAS bet. AD
dialog: He stands no more si ve yards rb esplace Jim is
dialog: hidden. fp. bo
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He sees Nagata looming nearby.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 190
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BASIE'S FINGERS
text: He nervously flips the familiar half crown.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE) - DAY 191
text: Nagata takes another step towards Jim, his boot is but a
text: step away from Jim's hand.
dialog: OS somebody SHOUTS something in Japanese.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON NAGATA
text: He looks up.
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 119
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 192
speaker_heading: AMERICAN PRISONERS
dialog: (at the window)
dialog: Jesus Christ.
dialog: What's going on?
dialog: Who the hell is that?
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE) - DAY 193
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He looks over his shoulder.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE LITTLE JAPANESE BOY
text: He is pointing at what appears to be Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV: = NAGATA
text: appears to be neonate MG, pot OG) Gee forward.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: Expecting a rifle butt against his head, Jim covers his
text: head with his arms.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Nagata veers away from Jim at the last moment. His eyes
text: are fixed on something in the grass. Nagata bends down and
text: picks up the boy's glider and launches it back towards the
dialog: Japanese boy.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He rolls sideways behind a bush.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The Japanese boy catches the glider and bows towards
text: Nagata. Nagata bows back with a grin and, still chuckling,
text: makes his way back to the fence.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He watches Nagata cross the canal and step back into the
text: camp through the fence.
text: Jim turns towards the Japanese boy.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE JAPANESE BOY
text: He waves to Jim.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He waves to the Japanese boy and crawls quickly back towards
text: the fence. In the BG, the Japanese boy launches his glider,
text: and runs after it.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - DAY 194
text: Basie smiles and snaps his fingers.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Demarest. ") fn
speaker_heading: yaecne
text: Demarest moves to EMC GOS leaving.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Nobody leaves till the bets are
dialog: settled.
text: He thrusts his hand out to one side.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: My binoculars, if you would be so
dialog: kind.
text: American II hands over the binoculars.
text: Basie puts the binoculars against his eyes and watches Jim
text: through the window.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Good boy.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) - 195
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Although the air is blue from cigarette smoke, most of the
text: prisoners are gone. Demarest and Tiptree are still there
text: helping Basie put his loot on the shelf.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 195 CONTINUED: 121
text: Jim enters the cubicle, wet and out of breath.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I set the trap, Basie.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: I know you did, Jim. I saw you.
text: And he hands Jim the Life magazine.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He settles himself on Basie's bunk and opens up the Life.
text: He glances at the shelf.
text: He SEES (on Basie's shelf) Cohen's flick knife, a pair of
text: binoculars, Tiptree's harmonica, the tin of condoms, and at
text: least a pack worth of loose cigarets.
text: Dainty enters the room with all of Basie's old magazines.
text: He doesn't see Jim sitting on the bed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _DAINTY
dialog: (to Basiey™ FP AA Sy rs |
dialog: I got to Hand Sf [to lyon, Babies nA vat
dialog: really thought that ifehce\waasalivey’
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV - BASIE
text: is frantically making a shut-up sign to Dainty, but Dainty
text: doesn't see him.
speaker_heading: DAINTY
dialog: And hell, that brat was all over
dialog: the place, so it isn't like he
dialog: missed any.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
dialog: 
text: He puts it all together and bolts from the cubicle.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (to Dainty)
dialog: Dainty..you asshole.
dialog: (jerks his head to Demarest)
dialog: Bring him back.
dialog: 
text: Demarest runs after Jim.
speaker_heading: F
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 122
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY DORMITORY (JIM'S ROOM) - DAY 196
text: Jim sits on his cot. He studies the Life magazine with the
dialog: same intensity as his Latin Primer. °
text: Mrs. Vincent stands by the door; she is speaking to
text: Demarest who stands on the other side of the partially
text: drawn curtain, and is out of view
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: No, Jim doesn't want to see you.
text: OS we HEAR Demarest's unintelligible mumble.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Well then, why doesn't Mr. Basie
dialog: come over himself?
text: Again we HEAR Demarest's unintelligible reply and his heavy
text: footsteps walk away.
text: Mrs. Vincent draws the curtain with the same force as if
text: she was closing a kitchen door.
text: She has a new Collier's in her hand (that Demarest gave her
text: for Jim from Basie). She sits on her cot opposite Jim.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT'S Pov - QR g
text: with his eyes tightly sHut CH. é@unew’ words he has
dialog: just, learned from the"Tife magazine. 7 7
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Von Runstedt; Belsen; GI Joe;
dialog: Okinawa; Bazooka; Bacall.
dialog: OS somebody calls.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH PRISONER
dialog: Food lorry is here.
text: Jim grabs his mess tin and follows Mrs. Vincent out the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP - DAY 197
text: The food lorry is surrounded by prisoners.
text: ANGLE ON THE FOOD LORRY
text: The rations have been cut in half, the lorry load of sacks
text: is smaller and the sacks themselves are half empty. We SEE
speaker_heading: CONTINUED *
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: }
dialog: i
dialog: I
dialog: }
dialog: ;
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EE SE EE UE EU ESTOS OS NNT
speaker_heading: 197 CONTINUED: 123
text: the prisoners taking in this fact, and they start calling
text: to each other in anger and despair. One PRISONER shouts
dialog: ) the news to the camp. :
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: They've cut the rations.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - MR. MAXTED
text: is about to lose his place in the queue.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Jim runs over to help Mr. Maxted, for there is a riot going
text: on outside the serving hatch. The other carts, with their
text: @ attendants, are jostling for position, and there is a lot of
text: shouting. Jim and Maxted are fighting for their place.
text: Blows are exchanged and then a couple of guards wade into
text: the scrum, hitting the prisoners with bamboo staves.
dialog: 
text: ANGLE ON THE SERVING HATCH
dialog: The two Japanese order lies Tpepensiple for \d, tabs ey the
dialog: cooked potatoes from a catiidron| (a cae |
dialog: garbage can) simply give bp. | Fae wi h st |
text: surging mob of a hundred prisoners, they tip We potatoes
text: onto the ground.
text: Jim looks around.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - MR. AND MRS. VINCENT |
text: e lapping around the edges of the mob. He knows they aren't
text: strong enough to fight with the others.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: There is an immediate scrum into which Jim hurls himself.
text: On the ground, Jim grabs a potato and stuffs it in his
text: mouth. He manages to grab two more potatoes which he puts
text: inside his shirt. Jim struggles free of the mob, and when
text: he gets clear, he sees Mr. Maxted sitting on the ground
text: against the over-turned cart.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I got yours, Mr. Maxted.
text: Jim takes a potato from inside his shirt, and hands it to
dialog: \ Mr. Maxted.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 197 CONTINUED (2): 124
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: My God, what have we come to?
text: Maxted takes the potato from Jim. The rioting prisoners
text: separate them, knocking Jim over.
scene_heading: 198 INT. FAMILY DORMITORY (JIM'S ROOM) - DAY 198
text: Jim enters the room, looking as though he has been in a
text: fight, which of course, he has. Mrs. Vincent stands at the
text: window with her back to him and she doesn't turn. Jim
text: hesitates, glancing at her, and then goes into his cubicle,
text: drawing aside his curtain and letting it fall back into
dialog: Place. |
text: Jim sits on his bed. From inside his shirt, he takes his
text: remaining potato. As he is about to take a small bite out
text: of the potato, he HEARS Mr. Vincent come in. Jim pauses.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Mr. Vincent has just entered. He is holding his mess tin.
text: He looks broken. Mrs. Vincent turns to him.
speaker_heading: MR. VINCENT
dialog: The rations have been...like
dialog: animals. Sorry.
dialog: some pete %
dialog: Mr. Vincent suddenly ¢. 2tg'jama jing t| imst the |
dialog: bed rail. Jim's curegin [3 jeu as b) m,gwho stands |
dialog: there with the potato i ‘Wana, hel@ oft. i
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Hello, Mr. Vincent... I've got yours.
text: Mr. Vincent and Mrs. Vincent turn to look at him. Jim
dialog: offers the potato.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I got you one to share, but it's a i
dialog: good one. .
text: Mr. Vincent shakes his head and walks out of the room. i
text: Mrs. Vincent holds her gaze on Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's all right... there's no
text: weevils. Almost.
text: He corrects slightly, flicking a weevil off the potato.
dialog: 
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: You got it for yourself.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 198 CONTINUED ; 125
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - Well, I can change my mind. I've
dialog: already had one.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: That's stealing.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know. I'll probably go to hell if
dialog: I eat it. You'll go too, if you make
dialog: me.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Well, at least I'll have you there.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You don't want to go to hell with
dialog: me, Mrs. Vincent.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Do you believe in hell, Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't know, Mrs. Vincent. Do you?
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: No, I believe in vitamins.
text: Mrs. Vincent takes the potato out of his hand, breaks it in
text: half and gives half ba ium 4 She sits~down nm her bed |
text: and takes a small bite of F e B aed. Jim :
dialog: does the same. They si Oki + ean! ther} nibbling
dialog: a
text: their potato. It only takes ew moments for them to eat
text: what they have. Jim is left with a large crumb of potato on
text: his lip.
dialog: I
dialog: I
dialog: I
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I hope my parents have got an extra
dialog: potato...wherever they are.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: (noticing it)
dialog: You've got a...
dialog: 
text: She reaches out a hand towards Jim's face, and with her
text: index finger pushes the crumb of potato into Jim's mouth.
text: Mrs. Vincent leaves her fingers in his mouth for a half a
text: second longer than necessary, holding his look, not
text: provocatively, but tenderly.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 199 EXT. NANTAO CAMP - DAY 199
text: Jim loiters through the camp.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 126
text: He sees Paul and David.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Would you like a Hershey bar?
speaker_heading: PAUL & DAVID
dialog: Oh, yes please, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: So would I, have you got one?
text: And he walks on. He HEARS (with his finely tuned ears) the
text: very distant drone of a squadron of planes. He runs towards
dialog: the Block house.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (BLOCK HOUSE) - DAY 200
text: Jim is clambering up the steps to the balcony. He has to
text: clamber over the broken masonry which has fallen on the
text: stairs. He gets to the top and sits in the balcony looking
text: at the airfield, getting himself under control. The air
text: raid siren sounds from: Fgnnlod = f, da. Repair
text: gangs on the runway Star ann ins fo um looks up
text: at the sky. The gun fon} the Wantab pago: né up, firing
text: at nothing. Jim looks round at the camp.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE CAMP 201
text: is emptying itself. Children are being lifted up through
text: the windows and pushed through doorways. People are hurrying
text: indoors until, very quickly, the whole place looks deserted.
text: Suddenly a shadow crosses the block house towards the 202
text: perimeter fence. There is a tornado of NOISE. A single
text: engine fighter, a silver fuselage, stars and bars, 30 feet
text: above Jim's head, a Mustang, hurtles across the perimeter
text: fence, along the runway, six feet from the ground, leaving
text: the dust boiling behind it. From around the airfield
text: anti-aircraft guns open up towards the camp. The tiers of
text: the pagoda crackle with light.
text: A second Mustang sweeps over the paddy fields to Jim's
text: left. A third plane, so low that Jim is looking down into
text: the cockpit, and so close that he can see the oil spraying
text: from the engine exhausts, screams by his shoulder and away
text: towards the airfield, machine-gunning planes on the
text: ground. The wash from the engine tears corrugated iron
text: sheets from the roofs of buildings in the camp. A shell
text: explodes high above the assembly hall, stunning the air,
text: covering Jim in white stone-dust. The violence of the raid
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Sa
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: @ 205
dialog: 
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ; 127
text: obliterates all Jim's other feelings: he is on his feet,
text: his face alive with excitement. The hangars near the
text: Pagoda are burning. A Mustang is on fire, wheeling to the
text: ground, catching a wing-tip cartwheeling and exploding.
text: Below the block house, Basie is the only person in
text: sight. He looks up at the block house and sees Jim.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Jim.
text: Basie starts hurrying up the staircase of the block house.
scene_heading: EXT. BLOCK HOUSE (ROOF) - DAY
text: Jim stands in the middle of the roof.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE MUSTANGS
text: skimming over the Nantao airfield and releasing their bombs
dialog: to render it inoperable.
text: Basie climbs onto the roof.
text: Jim HEARS the rolling thunder of the Japanese anti-
text: aircraft guns.
text: A Mustang races low oveze the: foot. The, planeyissso low
dialog: that Jim can see the P He tajes & nl Behind a
dialog: pair of goggles, we se the Flash af ar wave of
text: a hand.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BASIE
text: Afraid to step onto the roof, he stands on the last few
text: stairs that lead up to it.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: Jim!!! Get down!!!
text: Jim turns towards Basie.
text: But he is drowned out by a burst of Mustang machine-gun
text: fire. And, Jim's eyes are on the sky as he practically
text: dances across the roof.
text: Basie gathers his courage, and steps onto the roof.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (shouts over the din)
dialog: Jim!!!
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 209
speaker_heading: 209A
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 209
text: His eyes are glazed. Another Mustang roars over-them, its
text: underbelly pock marked from shrapnel and flak.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (points at the planes)
dialog: P-51. Aren't they beautiful, Basie.
dialog: I can almost touch them. Smell them.
dialog: (breathes in).
text: Oil and cordite.
text: Basie, who isn't at all interested in aerial warfare,
text: tries to pull Jim down, but he slips from Basie's grip and
text: stands all the way on the edge of the roof.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - A MUSTANG 209A
text: trailing black smoke in the sky.
speaker_heading: JIM 209
dialog: They're so brave. CONT.
text: The Japanese fire off another barrage of flak.
speaker_heading: hubincte AG
dialog: Heroes a
dialog: ~api is bd
dialog: Goddamn’ Coney ress pilots.
text: Basie takes a deep breath and makes it out to the edge of
text: the rooftop (like a man on a tight rope).
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Now, calm down, come on down with me.
text: They see the Mustangs veering away from the airfield and 210
text: heading for home. Only the winged Mustang remains, and it
text: begins to spiral towards the burial mounds, but the pilot
text: manages to bail out. His parachute unfurls with the snap of
dialog: silk in the wind. ,
speaker_heading: JIM 211
dialog: I'm a Hell Driver, aren't I, Basie?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Sure you are, Jim. So, let's get on
dialog: with our jobs.
text: And he guides Jim towards the stairs. “Jim suddenly hugs
text: Basie, who isn't used to being hugged, and stands there with
text: his hands stiffly by his side.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
speaker_heading: 216A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 129
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - (confessing a sin)
dialog: I don't remember what my parents
dialog: look like. I used to play bridge
text: with my mother in her bedroom.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - OVER BASIE'S SHOULDER 212
text: The AMERICAN PILOT floats no more than thirty feet from
text: them. He is black and looks like an exotic American god.He
text: waves at Jim.
text: Two rifle shots ring out and the pilot twitches in his
text: harnass before going slack.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 213
text: At the SOUND of the shots, Basie hugs Jim.
text: Ransome climbs onto the roof and sees them there. Basie
text: takes Jim and pushes him gently into Ransome's arms.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Jim's tired.
text: Jim hugs Dr. Ransome, bias ebrs.
speaker_heading: ERICH OCS §
dialog: Amatus sum, amatus es, amatus est.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - FIGURES 214
text: stripping the still smouldering Mustang.
text: They climb down the stairs. 218
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY DORMITORY (JIM'S ROOM) - NIGHT 216
text: As usual, Jim is awake. On the otherside of the curtain we
text: HEAR the labored breathing of the Vincents. Jim is looking
text: out the window.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY 216A
dialog: and, more specificly, Basie's window. :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 216
dialog: 216
speaker_heading: CONT.
speaker_heading: 216A
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 216
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 130
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 216
dialog: : CONT.
text: He is about to doze off and shakes his head violently in
dialog: order to stay. awake.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY 216A
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: which is quiet as a grave.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 216
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: He pinches himself, but falls asleep with his head against
dialog: the window never-the-less.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY QO : 217
dialog: Geet t i x8
text: Two shadows slip from fos i Seb poal 9 feted cy in the
dialog: moonlight. We SEE Basi and{Dairity nakingétheir ay under
text: the fence; the place Jim cleared for them.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (GUARD HOUSE) - DAY 218
text: There is unusual activity here. Soldiers are coming out of
text: the guard house in full marching order and lining up
text: outside. Orders are being shouted by Sgt. Nagata. The
text: soldier on the watch tower is climbing down to join them.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (FAMILY DORMITORY) - DAY 219
text: Jim sees this activity. He moves forward towards the guard
text: house. When he realizes what is happening for certain, he
text: makes a break for the men's dormitory block. He runs up the
dialog: steps of the block. . .
scene_heading: INT. BRITISH & AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY/LOBBY - DAY 220
text: Jim arrives in the little lobby separating the British and
text: American dormitories. He barges into the British Dormitory.
scene_heading: INT. BRITISH MEN'S DORMITORY 221
text: The scene inside is much as we remember it. Though
text: conditions and morale are even lower.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: See SD
scene_heading: 221 CONTINUED! 131
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: . - (excitedly)
dialog: \ The guards are leaving!
text: He turns and immediately leaves.
scene_heading: 222 INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY - DAY 222
text: Jim enters the dormitory, hardly noticing that the AMERICAN
text: PRISONERS are getting ready to leave. A few of them call
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: Hey, bellboy! Jim!
scene_heading: } 223 INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY (BASIE'S ROOM) = DAY 223
text: Jim enters. Basie is not there. Demarest is standing
text: looking stunned, in tears.
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: (in tears, really crying;
text: he suddenly seems young
speaker_heading: COwmsd,
dialog: He's mE MEPS 0 g Q
dialog: He's escaped?
speaker_heading: DEMAREST L
dialog: Left everything. Walked out on |
dialog: three year's work. How could he do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: @ (disbelief and disappointment)
dialog: He can't have...he promised he
dialog: would...
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: Didn't it mean anything to him?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM |
dialog: (collecting himself) i
dialog: I suppose not. }
text: Jim goes to the window and looks out of it, blinking back
dialog: his tears. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: J
speaker_heading: 223A
dialog: 223
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 224
dialog: 132
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE PERIMETER FENCE 223A
text: He looks at the part of the fence where Basie and _Dainty
dialog: broke through.
text: Jim turns to Demarest. 223
speaker_heading: CONT.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He knew it was time. We'll all have
dialog: to leave now, Demarest.
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: (going crazy)
dialog: I can't leave! I got all this stuff!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: -Did Basie leave a message for me?
speaker_heading: DEMAREST
dialog: Why the rfl] eave
dialog: message for eed m
dialog: y
text: Jim blinks back a as M a leavés. 0 \s
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY - DAY 224
text: Jim retraces his steps. We see Tiptree among the prisoners
text: preparing to leave.
speaker_heading: TIPTREE
dialog: Hey, Jim...
dialog: (reaches into his
dialog: pocket for a coin)
dialog: -Basie said to give you this.
text: Tiptree flips the coin at Jim, who catches it.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - COIN
text: It is the English half crown that Basie took from Jim at
dialog: their first meeting.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (happier)
dialog: Thanks, Tiptree.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 133
scene_heading: 225 EXT. NANTAO CAMP - DAY 225
text: All the GUARDS, kitted out to march, are drawn up outside
text: the wire, on the road. The camp gates are open. We see
text: Sergeant Nagata among the guards. He looks dejectedly
text: towards the wire.
speaker_heading: REVERSE SHOT
text: Shows that he is looking at Jim who smiles back at him.
text: Nagata sees Jim's buffed golf shoes. He looks at his own
text: ragged boots.
speaker_heading: NAGATA
dialog: Boy...difficult boy.
text: The scene is not quiet. Many of the prisoners, particularly
text: women, are jeering and spitting at the Japanese guards. One |
text: HYSTERICAL WOMAN comes forward tearing her dress in her rage |
text: and flinging a piece it do at the feet of the guards, i
text: spitting at them. M Hye 08 9
dialog: the |
dialog: The war must have ended.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Ended again, Jim? I don't think we |
dialog: can stand it.
scene_heading: 226 EXT. NANTAO CAMP (GATE) - DAY 226
text: Jim, Mr. Maxted, the Vincents, and other Prisoners are
text: standing by the wide open gates. There isn't a guard in |
text: sight anymore, they have all left. The prisoners are
dialog: silent and uneasy with their recent freedom (if one can
dialog: call it that).
dialog: 
text: A fire breaks out in one of the barracks by the airfield |
text: and the red glow of the flames is, reflected on the prisoners,
text: the camp, and the burial mounds outside. Jim SEES something
text: OS. He points his finger.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Look!
text: Jim and the prisoners see THREE HORSEMEN riding up to the I
text: camp. Zigzagging between the mounds, they look like the '
text: embodiment of the apocalypse. i
dialog: 
dialog: :
dialog: i
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 226
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 134
text: ANGLE ON THE LEADER
text: Jim recognizes the leader of the riders; it's LIEUTENANT
text: PRICE, the handsome young officer who enthralled the ladies
text: at Mr. Lockwood's party. But now, Lt. Price is white as
text: chalk, his chest puckered with cigarette burns, and his
text: wrists wrapped in bloody bandages. He wears a rifle across
text: his shoulders and his eyes are completely deranged. The
text: two other men in his party are heavily armed. Lt. Price
text: steadies his shaggy pony which is frightened of the fire in
dialog: the barracks.
scene_heading: LT. PRICES'S POV - JIM
text: and the prisoners staring at him.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
scene_heading: LT. PRICE
dialog: (shouts)
speaker_heading: ~ “EMCO OOB'S
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He stays mute.
scene_heading: LT. PRICE
dialog: Whiskey?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No sir, just Collier's, Life,
dialog: Reader's Digest, and Popular
dialog: Mechanics.
text: Lt. Price tries to control himself by lighting a cigarette
text: and sucking hungrily on it. He looks at the prisoners with
text: absolute disgust.
scene_heading: LT. PRICE
dialog: Christ. What kind of a war did
dialog: you people have?
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Well, don't just stand there,
dialog: you're free.
text: He turns his horse around and takes the rifle from his back
text: and fires a shot into the air.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE PRISONERS
text: They cringe.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 135
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LT. PRICE
scene_heading: LT. PRICE
text: (shouts over his shoulder
dialog: at the prisoners)
dialog: Follow me...everyone must die.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE PRISONERS
text: They slowly close the gates.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: One of the men calls to Lt. Price and he rides his pony over
text: to him. The man points at something in the distance. Lt.
text: Price kicks his horse and they gallop away, specters chasing
text: other specters among the burial mounds.
scene_heading: nour oe oso MICH 008 9
text: They see what chased off Lt. Price.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP - (ROAD & GATES) - DAY 227
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Headlights show a long way down the road. Maxted and Jim
text: notice them. The prisoners also notice them. The whole
text: crowd of prisoners then watch apprehensively as a very
text: efficient MILITARY CONVOY roars down the road and sweeps up
text: alongside the camp, with well-dressed and well-armed soldiers
text: jumping out of the vehicles, pouring into the camp, threat-
text: ening figures with bayonets fixed. The prisoners fall back,
text: tripping over each other and panicking. Jim and Maxted,
text: still trying to retain possession of their cart, move back
text: among them. A JAPANESE SOLDIER kicks the cart aside. Jim
text: makes a grab for the cart but Maxted pulls him away.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Are they going to kill us?
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Steady, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's alright.. they don't need to
dialog: kill us.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: --O£ course they don't, Jim.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 136
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We'll all be dead soon enough.
speaker_heading: “ MAXTED
dialog: (rebuking him)
dialog: Jim! Remember your father.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: A Japanese staff car drives through the camp gates, with an
text: OFFICER standing in the back, shouting through a megaphone.
text: The crowd of prisoners has quieted down. The word comes
text: back, prisoner to prisoner, from those nearest the Japanese
text: staff car. The prisoners in front of Jim and Mr. Maxted
text: turn around and pass the word.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: One suitcase! We leave in an hour!
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY DORMITORY (JIM'S ROOM) - DAY 228
speaker_heading: vamos FMCH 0089
dialog: We're leaving.
text: The news has preceeded him. The Vincents are putting
text: together their few possessions.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Not before time.
text: Jim gets busy, and there is little enough to put in his
text: wooden box. He takes his best airplane picture off the
text: wall and, after a moment's hesitation, the photograph of
text: the unknown couple.
text: As a final gesture he impulsively tears down the partition,
text: which has been re-erected.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: I want to be at the front.
text: He takes a final look at the room where he has lived for
text: three years and then abruptly departs.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (GATES) - DAY . 229
text: A Japanese jeep-type vehicle roars through the gates and
text: goes straight to the hospital steps.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 137
scene_heading: 230 EXT. NANTAO CAMP HOSPITAL - DAY
text: ) The jeep-type vehicle halts and TWO JAPANESE SOLDIERS throw
text: an unconscious, beaten-up, prisoner onto the hospital
text: veranda. This is Dainty. Ransome comes out of the hospital
text: doorway. The vehicle roars away. Ransome kneels down and
text: turns Dainty over. Jim comes running up, carrying his box
text: which he puts on the steps.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Dainty.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Help me get him inside.
text: Ransome and Jim, together, lift Dainty into the hospital.
scene_heading: 231 INT. NANTAO CAMP HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Ransome and Jim half carry and half drag Dainty into the
text: dispensary and then into the men's ward where they put him
text: on a cot.
scene_heading: Dainty. . awh EM fall 008 9
speaker_heading: " RANSOME
dialog: He can't talk, Jim.
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: Doctor!...The Japs will shoot us.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: No they won't.
text: eS He is feeling Dainty for broken bones.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Jim, you get to your place. I'm
dialog: putting you in charge of the march.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Aren't you coming with us?
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Not yet...these people can't walk.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We're going to Nantao to get a boat
dialog: up-coutry.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: ( Maybe I'll see you there.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
speaker_heading: CONTINUED! 138
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - I'll save you some rations at
dialog: Nantao, Dr. Ransome.
speaker_heading: RANSOME
dialog: Good. Just in case, keep up your
dialog: Latin.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I will, Dr. Ransome.
text: Jim runs out of the hospital and Ransome Pauses to watch
dialog: him go.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (PERIMETER FENCE & AIRFIELD) - DAY 232
text: A Zero aeroplane is warming up. The Pilot is of a Kamikaze.
text: The same pathetic little ceremony is taking place. A
text: CORPORAL and a PRIVATE, not very interested, borrowed for
text: the occasion from a nearby gang working on the bombed
text: runway, are witnesses to the ritual.
text: Jim is watching from the fence. Then we realize, and we see
dialog: that Jim realizes, that the pilot is the youth whom we saw
dialog: for the first time in mode haps a year
dialog: and a half ago. i s. s ok-fne Emperor.
dialog: g
text: Jim suddenly shouts. The pilot turns to look at Jim.
text: The pilot climbs up into the cockpit of the Zero.
text: But the plane is having trouble. The engine starts and
text: dies and starts again. The pilot shouts to the private
text: (mechanic) who is already walking away with the corporal.
text: The private comes back. The pilot gets out of the Zero.
text: He starts hitting the plane with his fist.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP ROAD - DAY 233
text: The PRISONERS are drawn up to march. They are mostly
text: burdened with a surprising array of chattels, including
text: tennis racquets, umbrellas, boxes, baskets, bundles. The
text: smaller children are being carried by their parents.
text: Maxted is at the front of the column, behind the vehicle
text: which is going to lead the march. The soldiers of the
text: newly arrived convoy flank the column of prisoners on
text: either side. Jim, struggling a little with his wooden box,
text: comes hurrying along the line of the march. He Passes some
dialog: of the people we know: Mr. Lockwood, Mrs. Phillips, and
text: Mrs. Gilmour. Jim arrives, panting, at the head of the
text: column where Maxted has kept his place.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: t
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: t
dialog: '
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: _ You haven't brought any luggage, Mr.
dialog: Maxted.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: No, Jim. I don't think I'll be
dialog: needing any luggage.
text: With a final shouted order, the lead vehicle moves off.
text: . Jim puts his right arm up in the air like a U.S. Calvary
text: major and gives the signal, superfluously, to march. With
text: the SOUNDS of hundreds of clogs clattering into a shuffle,
text: the ragged cavalcade sets off.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE (MARCH) - DAY
text: A wide shot of the prisoners on the march, armed guards at
text: intervals on either side, one vehicle leading other
text: vehicles behind. On the road the march passes some of the
text: debris of war, burned-out vehicles, etc.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE (MARCH) - LATER THAT DAY
text: Maxted, still at enfoef feel yf Sh Qauscrry,
text: breathing heavily, nl oO Istagge en he stops and
text: Jim pauses with him. They begin to be overtaken by the
text: march... Prisoners walk by with their burdens.
text: Maxted watches them go by, festooned with objects from the
text: pre-war world, the tennis rackets, the parasols, the golf
text: bags, the bundles of hoarded clothes and shoes. Mr. Maxted
text: shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Where were they keeping it all?
dialog: They must have thought internment
dialog: would be another country club, under
dialog: new management.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We ought to keep going, Mr. Maxted.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: You go on, Jim. Get back to the
dialog: front.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can smell the docks. We'll be at
dialog: Nantao by dark. .
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Go on, Jim.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
speaker_heading: CONTINUED? 140
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - I'll save your place.
text: They are well back in the march now, and Jim struggles to
text: overtake the people in front. He finds himself alongside
text: Mr. and Mrs. Vincent. Mr. Vincent seems to be in pain.
text: Mrs. Vincent carries their suitcase, her eyes fixed ahead.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mrs. Vincent...
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Not now, Jim.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DUSK 236
text: We hear the haunting song.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: (sings)
dialog: We are the girls every boy adores.
dialog: C AC don't mean a thing to me.
text: The SOUND is coming grom the ALMOST NAKED SKELETAL FIGURE
dialog: of a prisoner who, imbetter> ines, as*.one, the Nantao
speaker_heading: pharess: EMCA 008
text: ANGLE ON THE MARCH 237
text: The march has shed a kind of skin, a long line of abandoned
text: luggage, and quite a number of dead and dying PRISONERS.
text: Jim stumbles over a body fallen down in the middle of the
text: march. He SEES that it's Mr. Vincent, dead. Jim only
text: hesitates for a moment and then continues to stumble on.
text: The march is passing by several burning and broken military
text: vehicles. Some of the prisoners have dropped out to rest
text: on the hoods and running boards. One of them is Mrs.
text: Vincent. She scans the march as it goes by, looking for
dialog: somebody.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Geoffrey...Geoffrey...Jim. Have you
dialog: seen Mr. Vincent?
text: Jim looks up. There is something Basiesque about the
text: expression on his face and the inflection in his voice.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Good news Mrs. Vincent. He went to
dialog: the head of the line to look for you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
speaker_heading: 239A
dialog: 239
speaker_heading: CONT.
speaker_heading: 239A
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 141
text: Jim watches Mrs. Vincent walk as fast as she can (which
text: isn't very fast) towards the head of the line.
text: ANGLE ON THE MARCH
text: The march stumbles on for it's cave.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He marches along like an automaton reciting Latin nouns as
dialog: if to absolve himself.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Domum, domi, domo.
scene_heading: EXT. STADIUM (TUNNEL) - NIGHT 238
text: The march is emerging out of the tunnel into a stadium.
text: The stadium is open and rain falls into it. The GUARDS
dialog: move into the stadium i ingsaroun thy running
dialog: track, the prisoners ‘1 ng pba? t f£ ithe
dialog: stadium, a football fie ’ E al pdgst th ei rend. There
text: is an air raid going on, and the scen¢ is” oc€asionally lit
text: by flames and explosions.
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM - DAY 239
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - A BRIGHT MORNING SUN
text: after the rain. We SEE the bright blue sky. A bomber is
text: flying high overhead. We can HEAR the drone and possibly
text: see a vapor trail.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 239A
text: He is lying on his back on the grass of the stadium.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - A CURIOUS FALLING SHINE 239
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: in the sky. Then a SOUND as the shower of hail patters all
text: around Jim, all around the stadium. The DRONE of the bomber
text: is fading away.
text: Jim leans up on one elbow. He is covered in a suit of 239A
text: shining ice crystals, which also covers the grass around CONT.
text: him. He brushes ice from his face, out of his hair. He
text: looks around and we see his surprised expression.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 142
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - A LINE OF RADIATOR GRILLS 240
text: of limousines, shining, the cars sparkling with the melting
text: hail. The vision is like nothing he has seen fora long
text: time, a vision of the past. The limousines are in fact laid
text: up, parked in rows behind the goal posts of the football
text: stadium. The stands are well filled with the spoils of war.
text: Apart from the cars, there are stacks of furniture and other
text: goods including a white piano in which somebody is PLAYING
speaker_heading: VIVALDI.
text: The PRISONERS are lying down on the grass of the stadium. 241
text: They look as if they have dropped at random from the sky.
text: Already the hail is melting into wetness in the sunlight.
text: Pools of rainwater lie on the cinder track around the edge
text: of the field. Jim gets up stiffly and limps to one of the
text: puddles. He drinks from his cupped hands. OTHER PRISONERS
text: are stirring and beginning to follow his example. The
text: JAPANESE GUARDS form a group at the outside edge of the
text: cinder track, where they have been breakfasting: a meager
text: affair, but there is a small travelling canteen around which
text: they are squatting and standing, just finishing their meal
text: and getting ready to move out again. A JAPANESE OFFICER is
dialog: hurrying them up, sho , fan ; Say nward the
text: soldiers begin to org esvand ‘p oners into
dialog: a line of march. Duri hi im} se 5 Vincent
text: sitting up with her head on her raised knees. He is joined
text: by Maxted who has come to share his puddle of water.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: No breakfast again, Jim. The club |
dialog: secretary shall hear of this.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (looking around at the
dialog: activity of the Japanese)
dialog: We're going on again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAXTED
text: Onward and upward.
dialog: |
dialog: :
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Where are they taking us?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Upcountry.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why? What is this "upcountry"?
text: Maxted avoids the question.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Will there be food there?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 241
speaker_heading: CONTINUED! 143
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: - (shrugs)
dialog: There's none here.
text: One of the JAPANESE SOLDIERS is in their vicinity getting
text: people to their feet. Some of the prisoners can't stand up
text: and the soldier allows these to remain, since he has no
text: alternative. He approaches Maxted and Jim, ordering them in
text: Japanese, and the two of them get to their feet also.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'll get Mrs. Vincent.
text: Maxted allows himself to be herded along into the line of
text: march. Jim returns the few yards to where he was lying
text: near his box. He picks up the box and comes over to Mrs.
text: Vincent. She is still sitting as we last saw her.
dialog: We have t
dialog: Our ratio;
dialog: (h
dialog: °
dialog: 
dialog: We're going upcountry.
text: Mrs. Vincent ignores him. Jim touches her shoulder. She
text: ignores that, too.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mrs. Vincent...
text: Mrs. Vincent looks at him. She shakes her head dumbly. Jim
text: is uncertain what to do. He looks across towards the line
text: of march which is just about ready to leave.
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV - MAXTED
text: looking towards him.
speaker_heading: MAXTED
dialog: Jim!
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Mrs. Vincent takes hold of Jim's hand and tries to pull him
text: down towards her. Jim bends down.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Don't go. Better here.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 241
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 144
text: She licks her lips which are dry. Jim looks towards the
dialog: march again.
text: Maxted is looking towards him. Jim raises a hand by way of
text: farewell. He sees Maxted return the wave just before a
text: SOLDIER shoves him into motion. The march leaves the
text: stadium through the tunnel. There are perhaps thirty or
text: forty prisoners left on the grass, some already dead. Jim
text: goes to the nearest puddle and returns to Mrs. Vincent with
text: water in his cupped hands. He lets the water trickle into
text: her mouth. Her lips close over his fingers, grateful for
dialog: the water.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mrs. Vincent, are you looking for
dialog: God?
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: (not really hearing him)
dialog: Yes, Jim.
text: Jim lies down next to her and looks up in the same
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: =" EMCH 0089
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: (automatically)
dialog: Yes, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Above the 3lst Parallel? Mrs.
dialog: Vincent, wouldn't God be above the
dialog: magnetic pole? You ought to look at
dialog: the ground under Shanghai.
text: The thought makes Jim laugh.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Perhaps we've all died and this is
dialog: just our souls. Yes, we'll stay
dialog: here. Our souls can do the marching.
text: Mrs. Vincent doesn't move. Jim doesn't move either. He
text: closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I've been thinking about being an
dialog: atheist. Perhaps I was just ‘bored
text: by the choir.
scene_heading: MRS. VINCENT
dialog: Jamie.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
speaker_heading: 242A
dialog: 242
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 243
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3): 145
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: _ Yes, Mrs. Vincent. It's me. Jamie.
text: Mrs. Vincent starts to shiver, quite noticeably, almost
text: violently. Jim opens his box and takes out his blazer and
text: spreads it over Mrs. Vincent's shoulders and chest. He
text: lies down next to her, embracing her, and repeats his name,
text: which amuses him and he starts to chuckle.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Jamie, Jamie, Jamie.
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM - EVENING 242
text: Jim and Mrs. Vincent are much as we saw them. Jim's eyes .
text: are closed and he now opens them. He moves his head
text: slightly and SEES: the stadium horizon against the evening
text: sky. Suddenly the sky seems to whiten a little bit. Jim's
text: eyes blink, he frowns.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE HORIZON EDGE
dialog: of the stadium crop NG fy Re gOe9
text: BACK TO SCENE 242
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: Frightened, he sits up. The white glare falls over his
text: face and over the stadium. It heightens, becoming
text: incandescent as though the whole world had become white
text: hot, losing its detail in blinding light.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Mrs. Vincent?
text: The white glare fades rapidly. He looks down and sees Mrs.
text: Vincent's face. .
text: It's so cold in the stadium that Mrs. Vincent breath is
text: vaporized. Small white puffs of breath escape from her
text: mouth and then stop.
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM - DAY 243
text: Jim lies asleep. His head resting on the blazer which is
text: still covering Mrs. Vincent. An airplane is HEARD flying
text: low and noisily over the stadium. Jim wakes abruptly and
text: sits up automatically searching for the plane,
text: automatically identifying it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 243
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 146
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: - Hayate.
text: Then he realizes where he is. He SEES Mrs. Vincent, dead.
text: The blazer has slipped during the night. Jim carefully
text: adjusts it. Then, looking around, he sees that his golf
text: shoes are no longer on his feet. Jim gets up and looks
text: around and sees a MAN, a civilian but a healthy one,
text: dressed in good slacks and a clean white shirt. He is
text: moving among the corpses, removing small articles. He holds
text: Jim's shoes in his hands. Jim walks over to him. Jim
text: Points to the shoes.
speaker_heading: : JIM
dialog: Those are mine. Dr. Ransome gave
dialog: them to me.
text: The man looks at Jim. He is bigger than Jim and furthermore
text: he has a pistol stuck into his waistband. But Jim's stare
text: is unflinching, he is beyond fear and the man succumbs to
dialog: him.
dialog: ( ov} of) 8 g
dialog: That's o| I twast&ebOi'
dialog: those shoes in case you turned up.
dialog: Tell your ma and pa. Looks like you
dialog: could use a couple of bags of rice.
dialog: Ask around, kid - any wedding rings,
dialog: charms, watches, we can work it
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Is the war over?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That's for sure. They called time.
dialog: We're friends now. Anytime the whole
dialog: U.S. Navy is going to tie up at the
dialog: Bund.
speaker_heading: JIM:
dialog: It's never over.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Kid, they dropped the atom bomb.
dialog: Killed a million people. one big
dialog: flash.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I saw it.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: i}
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: !
dialog: |
dialog: 243
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 147
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: A white light?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That's correct.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I thought it was Mrs. Vincent's soul
dialog: going up to heaven.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I guess you could say that's what it
dialog: was. Ask around - rings, bracelets...
text: Jim puts on his shoes and turns away, walking back to his
text: box, he picks it up, thinks better of it and puts it down.
text: He opens it and considers the contents. He picks up
text: "Wings", the comic book he had taken from his house on
text: Amherst Avenue, and his small model plane. He holds them
text: for a moment and then returns them to the box and walks
text: towards the tunnel.
scene_heading: EXT. STADIUM - DAY 1 244
scene_heading: Jim walks alone oucfoel WA (cafe : &Q. PRISONERS
dialog: have also wandered i Qathe a a e@ looking
text: around in a dazed way. There's a long straight road ahead
text: of him. Jim starts to walk. Nearby a field of grass is
dialog: burning.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. PADDY FIELDS - DAY 245
text: Jim is still walking. There is aircraft NOISE overhead.
text: Jim looks up and SEES:
text: A four-engined Superfortress. 246
text: The doors of the bomb bays open, revealing the silver
text: cylinders ready to fall from their racks. The Superfortress
text: drums past. The sky is filled with colored parachutes.
text: Dozens of canopies float gaily on the air, as if enjoying
dialog: the August sun.
text: The parachutes sail past, falling toward Nantao Camp. 247
text: A silver canister drag its collapsed parachute and
text: plumment to the ground, striking a canal embankment two
text: hundred yards away.
text: The canister bursts on impact. Jim lowers himself down
text: the slope of sunbaked earth and squats by the open mouth
text: of the cylinder. Around him, on the floor of the culvert,
text: is a ransom of canned food and cigarette packets. The
text: canister has been crammed with cardboard cartons, and one
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 247 CONTINUED: 148 i
text: has broken loose from the nose cone and scattered its
text: contents over the ground. Jim crawls among the cans, wiping
text: his eyes so that he can read the labels. There are tins of
text: Spam, Klim and Nescafe, bars of chocolate and cellophaned
text: packs of Lucky Strike and Chesterfield cigarettes, bundles
dialog: of Reader's Digest and Life magazines, Time and Saturday
dialog: Evening Post.
text: The sight of so much food confuses Jim, forcing on hima
dialog: _ notion of choice that he has not known for years. The cans |
text: and packets are frozen, as if they have just emerged from an |
dialog: American refrigerator. OS he HEARS a car. i
text: 248 ANGLE ON THE BURNING FIELD 248
text: Out of the wall of flames (like the Hell Drivers), a mud |
text: spattered Buick bursts through. It races at breakneck i
text: speed towards Jim. The car, once a staff car of a Chinese
text: General, is still adorned with the insignia and rice paper
dialog: stickers of the General.
text: A BEARDED EUROPEAN in rc ‘in fdr s from
dialog: the driver's seat and Wa: im) fe} ts}eo owed by
dialog: 0
text: another man carrying a ave.
dialog: 
text: The European punches Jim_in the face to get him away from
text: the canister. The other man raises his stave for the
text: coup de grace. Jim raises his hand. i
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (recites)
dialog: I am a British prisoner.
dialog: I am going to Nantao camp.
dialog: I am a British prisoner.
text: The man with the stave is perplexed enough to allow Jim to
text: live for a few more seconds. Jim addresses the European in
text: the flying jacket who is rooting through the contents of the
text: canister.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (points at stadium)
dialog: Lincoln Zephyrs, Buicks, white
dialog: 
text: Cadillacs.
speaker_heading: : BASIE
dialog: What's this talk about white
dialog: Cadillacs?
text: Jim SEES Basie sauntering towards him from the car.
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 250
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 149
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (wiping blood from
dialog: his nose)
dialog: Basie, it's me, Jim...Shanghai Jim.
text: The cabin steward's wary eyes, with their sharp but modest
text: focus, scan the contents of the canister. The man with the
text: stave waits for a signal, with his stave raised.
text: Jim, in desperation, gathers the scattered magazines and
text: holds them up like they were icons that could protect him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Life Magazine; Reader's Digest.
dialog: I've kept the latest copies for
dialog: you. I've learned hundreds of new
dialog: words. Ardennes, Mauthausen,
dialog: Theresian stadt, Iwo Jima...
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON & COUNTRYSIDE - DAY 249
dialog: The Buick speeds alo ho! ° ibe fhlied lagoon
text: at a breakneck pace. e iver ffi isfol out the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING BUICK - DAY 250
text: Jim squirms between Basie and the bearded European (a
text: Frenchman) in the backseat. OTHER MEN occupy the front
text: seat. They are drinking rice wine and pass the
text: bottle to the backseat. The contents of the canister are
text: scattered all over the car; K-rations, cans of Spam,
text: cartons of Chesterfields - a black marketeers dream.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (while eyeing a
dialog: can of Spam)
dialog: Are these the Hell Drivers, Basie?
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: (thick accent)
dialog: Be still, you want more bloody nose?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Jim, there's no room for wrestling.
dialog: Just sit quietly.
text: Basie takes a can of Spam, peels the cover back, and hands
dialog: it to Jim.
text: Jim doesn't hesitate. He scoops out one third of the meat
text: and wolfs it down. Basie shakes his head and takes the can
text: away from Jim, feeding him much smaller amounts.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: _ 250
dialog: @
dialog: ©
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 150
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You know what happens to people who
dialog: eat too fast, don't you, Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (trying to chew
dialog: before he swallows)
dialog: Yes, Basie, they die.
text: The Frenchman takes another gulp of rice wine and fires his
text: pistol out the window at a seagull that skims the lake.
text: Basie puts his arm around Jim in a protective reflex.
text: Jim glances at the Frenchman, and Basie feeds him more Spam.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Basie, has the next war effectively
dialog: begun?
speaker_heading: that's EMEF-66 & 9
dialog: There are still a lot of words I
dialog: haven't learned. I'd like to go
dialog: back to Shanghai. I might see my
dialog: mother and father today.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: You need more than luck in Shanghai.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Will Uncle Sam be there, Basie;
dialog: every gob and GI Joe?
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (remarkably unenthusiastic)
dialog: He'll be there, and every GI Joe in
dialog: the Pacific.
text: The Frenchman thrusts the rice wihe into Jim's hand. Jim
text: drinks from the bottle, washing away some of the Spam.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE NANTAO PAGODA 251
text: on the horizon.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE . 252
text: Jim passes the bottle to Basie.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 151
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Are we going back to the camp?
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Be quiet, boy...you mean nothing
dialog: to me.
text: Jim tries to keep silent, but he just can't.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Basie, did you see the atom bomb go
dialog: off? I saw the flash over Nagasaki
dialog: from Nantao Stadium.
text: Jim's nose is beginning to bleed again. Basie dips a rag
text: in rice wine and cleans the blood and the pulpy Spam from
dialog: his face. «
speaker_heading: aw EMER 0089
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (over amped)
text: For a whole minute, Basie, a white
dialog: light stronger than the sun covered
dialog: Shanghai. I suppose God wanted to
dialog: see everything.
text: The Frenchman turns to Basie.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Four years with him?
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP AIRFIELD 253
text: The bandit Buick tears along the edge of the airfield when
text: the driver suddenly slams on the brakes. The rear
text: passenger door opens and Jim tumbles onto the tarmac.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BASIE
text: He sticks his head out of the window.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Wait for me here, and keep your head
dialog: down.
text: The car pulls away with SCREECHING tires and then lurches
text: to a halt again. Basie motions to Jim. Jim runs up to the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 152
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BASIE
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (with a grin)
dialog: Hey, kid...you want a Hershey bar?
text: Before Jim can reply, the car pulls away again and Basie
text: throws something out the window.
speaker_heading: “ANGLE ON JIM
text: He runs to the object and Picks it up.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JIM'S HAND
speaker_heading: ws ateserEMCH (01039
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He eats the Hershey bar like somebody is going to take it
text: away from him, and licks the foil until his mouth and chin
text: are covered with chocolate.
text: He SEES a stranded Zero near the edge of the airfield.
text: He walks over to the Zero and climbs into the cockpit.
scene_heading: INT. ZERO COCKPIT (NANTAO CAMP AIRFIELD) - DAY 254
text: Inside the cockpit, he examines the instrument panel.
text: Glued to the panel is a boy's glider that now serves as a
text: mascot. Jim tugs at the glider and it comes off.
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV - SOMEONE
text: moving through the tall nettles on the edge of the field.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He ducks down until he SEES that it's the young Japanese
dialog: boy.
text: ANGLE ON THE PILOT
text: The young pilot is walking around in a state of demented
text: despair, knocking nettles about with his bamboo stick.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 153
scene_heading: EXT. ZERO COCKPIT (NANTAO AIRFIELD) - DAY 255
text: No longer fearful, Jim climbs down from the cockpit and
text: moves towards the pilot with the glider in his hand. The
text: pilot gasps and whimpers and, when he looks at Jim, Jim
text: raises the glider to remind the pilot of the bond they once
dialog: had.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP AIRFIELD - DAY 256
text: Jim comes closer, like he is trying to make friends with a
dialog: wild animal. .
text: The pilot turns away PME Ji him.
text: The pilot stops and t a dia 1} wr' ny from his
text: flying suit and gives it to Jim. (OS we HEAR the Buick)
text: When Jim tries to follow the pilot again, the pilot, with a
text: final gasp of self-loathing, pushes Jim away. Three quick
text: pistol SHOTS ring out, and the pilot falls over.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - BASIE 257
text: with a gun in his hand, is running from the Buick towards
dialog: Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (in anger and anguish)
dialog: Basie!
text: Jim runs toward the fallen pilot. Basie catches up with
text: him and watches how Jim crouches next to the pilot.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (screams)
dialog: He gave me a mango.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (a little drunk)
dialog: I'll give you a whole damn fruit
dialog: salad. Now, let's get out of here.
text: Jim turns the pilot on his back. The pilot is as good as
text: dead, but Jim tries to. bring him back the way he did Amy
text: Matthews. Basie realizes that Jim is truly distraught.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (with a tear
dialog: streaked face)
dialog: He was my friend.
text: Basie sways a little, and looks over at the car. Somebody
text: is trying to start the engine.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 257
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 154
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: - (by way of apology)
dialog: Hey, kid, I just saw the shove.
text: He watches Jim pounding on the pilot's chest while keeping
text: one eye on the car.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: If he's not dead, you'll kill him.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PILOT
dialog: 
text: His eyes roll open.
speaker_heading: MCE B089
dialog: is stills pita
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Ransome is gone, Jim. So is
dialog: everybody else.
dialog: (indicates pilot)
dialog: He's dead...we've got to go... now.
text: Jim pounds on the pilot's chest with all his might, trying
dialog: to keep his eyes open.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (concentrating on
dialog: the pilot)
dialog: You go.
text: The pilot coughs up some blood.
text: Basie looks at the Buick.
text: He SEES the Frenchman working under the hood while the
text: driver keeps trying to start the engine.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Basie pleads.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Come on, you've got to come with
dialog: me...I've got to look after you for
dialog: your daddy.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You've never looked after me.
dialog: I looked after you.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 257
speaker_heading: 257A
speaker_heading: 257B
speaker_heading: 257C
speaker_heading: 257D
speaker_heading: 257E
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2): 155
text: OS the Buick engine turns over, and Basie is talking fast
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Hey, come on. You're my boy. 1 got
dialog: to. take you to your daddy. We'll
dialog: fill up the pool and eat three times
dialog: a day.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (cold as ice)
dialog: My father would never let you swim
dialog: in our pool.
text: Basie stops breathing for a moment, for he knows what Jim
text: just said is true. He spins around and runs towards the
text: car. He looks over his shoulder just before he jumps in.
dialog: seste's nov ~ son WH 008 g 257A
text: pounding on the chest of the Japanese pilot, in between
text: the high nettles, on the edge of the runway they built.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 257B
text: Basie jumps in the backseat of the Buick.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JIM AND THE PILOT 257C
text: The pilot shudders and dies in Jim's arms. Jim gets up and
text: runs towards the runway where the Buick is speeding away.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE BUICK 257D
text: He SEES Basie's face in the rear window of the disappearing
text: Buick. Basie salutes him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM 2S57E
text: Jim salutes the disappearing car.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING ‘BUICK - DAY 258
text: Basie turns back from the window and slowly drops his
text: salute, a single tear rolls down his cheek. The Frenchman
text: stares curiously at him and offers him the bottle. Basie
text: takes the bottle and wipes the tears away.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: e
dialog: |
dialog: I
dialog: p
dialog: i:
dialog: j
dialog: |
scene_heading: 258 CONTINUED. 156
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BASIE
dialog: Allergies.
scene_heading: 259 ANGLE ON JIM 259
text: He holds his salute until the car is out of sight, then he I
text: takes deep breath and launches the glider towards Nantao
dialog: camp.
dialog: I
dialog: i
text: ANGLE ON THE GLIDER
text: The shimmering heat pushes the glider over the burial
text: mounds towards Nantao camp.
dialog: we wane thes EM 0 Q 9
text: He runs through the net i ust idér. He
text: stumbles over something and falls to the ground.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BIKE |
text: ‘Jim stumbles over a rusty, old bicycle.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: He watches the glider.
scene_heading: 260 ANGLE ON A PLANE 260
text: The plane is white (like the glider) and high up in the
dialog: air. Could this be the glider?
scene_heading: 261 EXT. NANTAO CAMP - DAY 261
speaker_heading: PLANE'S POV
dialog: 
text: We see Jim way down below, on his bicycle, in the middle of
text: the parade ground of the deserted camp. He waves.
text: A giant shadow passes over him and the ROAR of the engines
text: rattles the barracks.
text: Jim gets back onto the rusty bike, thé wheels squeak and
text: he is breathing hard. He essentially retraces his steps
dialog: from the first day in the camp.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
dialog: 263
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: CONTINUED$ 157
text: He drives from the guard house towards the family dormitory
dialog: (Maybe we faintly hear, "We're the girls every boy adores". )
text: He carries his bike up the steps.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY DORMITORY (JIM'S ROOM) - DAY 262
text: We are there before Jim, but we HEAR him coming. He is
text: HUMMING a hymn, and the rubber wheels make the floor boards
text: creak. Jim enters on his bike.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE FEW PHOTOGRAPHS
dialog: left on the wall. Thi a id apwinathe, wind
dialog: through the shattered [hai . © Cc) nce used
dialog: to separate Jim from e/|Vindentjs,4 is' fe) thn a dusty |
dialog: rag.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP (HOSPITAL & DORMITORIES) - DAY 263
text: Jim rides past the broken windows of the hospital.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE coTS .
text: and the infirmary flashing by. i
text: Jim veers away towards the British & American dormitories.
text: The door is open so he doesn't need to get off his bike.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MEN'S DORMITORY - DAY 264 —
dialog: 
text: There is nothing left of Basie's great hoard but a broken
text: tennis racket. Jim stands there for awhile as he looks at
text: his childhood before riding away.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. NANTAO CAMP - DAY . 265
text: Jim shoots out of the men's dormitories back onto the parade i
text: ground, where the wind kicks up a fine dust. He throws his
text: bike into a skid.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV = A COMMUNIST UNDERGROUND GUERRILLA DETACHMENT
text: (10 - 20 men) standing by the gate, watching him.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: CONTINUED! 158
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Their leader approaches Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I surrender.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE OFFICER
text: It's Yang. He is missing one arm and his empty sleeve
text: hangs loosely at his side. He smiles at Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Yang!
text: Jim hugs Yang and sobs with relief against his chest.
dialog: G,
dialog: I'll take yo ghi
dialog: Jim, so that fyoul c fi yo
dialog: parents.
scene_heading: EXT. DISPLACED PERSON'S (CAMP SHANGHAI) - DAY 266
text: The displaced person's camp is somewhere in the
text: international settlement. It consists of yet more barracks
text: patrolled by RED CROSS VOLUNTEERS.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BARRACKS 267
text: A roomful of CHILDREN, ages five to eighteen, are leaning '
text: against the wall of a barrack. The war has made them tough i
text: and given them a feral look. Some sport wounds; a girl
text: wears a Chinese tatoo; they look more like a gang than
text: anything else. A boy, no more than ten years old, eats a
text: bowl of rice with a pair of chopsticks which he uses as
dialog: deftly as any native.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM i
text: He stands between dozens of other "Jims".
text: ANGLE ON A NURSE
dialog: 
text: A very ENGLISH NURSE walks up to the children and motions i
text: them forward. The children leave the safety of the wall I
text: with a collective groan. Then the nurse motions somewhere F
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 159
text: OS, and a GROUP OF ADULTS arrive. The adults, having a
dialog: chance to return to their homes, look better than the
text: children, although their fashions are mostly pre-war.
text: ‘The adults walk slowly past the children, for they are
dialog: searching for their sons and daughters.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE CHILDREN
text: They act, and are arranged, like they are in a line-up.
text: They smirk and giggle defensively under the piercing,
dialog: longing scrutiny of the adults. °
text: A GIRL falls into the arms of her Parents. A wave of
text: jealousy ripples through both the parents and the children.
speaker_heading: JIM'S Pov : EMC}
text: An endless array of white, ami 1S ce 39...
text: before moving on. Suddenly, he finds his father's face
text: staring into his. Then his father moves on. His mother
text: looks at him briefly, is about to walk on, when something
text: draws her back.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: Jamie?
text: Jim steps out of the line into his mother's arms. His
text: father, mortified, rushes back and joins the embrace.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: “...it's your hair, you see...
text: Jim walks away with his parents and the nurse. He looks
text: over his shoulder.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE CHILDREN
text: that haven't been found’ yet, looking at him.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI - (THE BUND) DAY 268
dialog: Shanghai is quite different from the last time we saw it.
text: As the car moves through the streets, we see students and
text: posters proclaiming "Japanese Imperialists Go Home!" and
dialog: “Celebrate Our Victory in the War of Resistance Against
text: Japan." This is seen from inside a moving car.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 269
scene_heading: INT. MOVING CAR = DAY
text: Jim sits in between his parents in the backseat of the car
text: which is-driven by a new CHAUFFEUR. The car is moving
text: among other cars, including military vehicles. Horns are
text: blaring and there is a lot of bustle and noise.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JIM
text: Sitting between his parents, he suddenly seems 3 much older,
text: his eyes haunted like Lt. Price.
scene_heading: JIM'S POV - THE FACES
text: of the CHINESE PEOPLE move past the window.
text: Jim's mother turns to him.
speaker_heading: I MO’
dialog: Darling, in ot.
dialog: something?
text: Jim looks at her with a blank expression in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JIM' MOTHER
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I stopped smoking.
text: His father pats his knee.
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: We managed to get the pool filled,
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: JIM'S MOTHER
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: That was going to be a surprise.
text: An awkward silence settles in the Packard. Jim's features
text: are guarded. He turns around and looks through the rear
text: window of the car.
text: He SEES the river and the harbor, the light twinkling in
dialog: the dusk.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HIS PARENTS
text: They are uncomfortable with Jim. His father clears his
text: throat, desperate to make some sort of contact.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED? 161
speaker_heading: JIM'S FATHER
dialog: Tell me, Jim. Were you able to keep
dialog: up with your education?
dialog: 
text: Jim sags in the backseat and closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: JIM ‘
dialog: (no loner a
dialog: string of words)
dialog: If I should die,
dialog: think only this of me.
dialog: That there is some corner
dialog: of a foreign field,
dialog: that is forever England.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANGHAI (THE BUND) - DUSK 270
speaker_heading: Mp (V
dialog: There . ij a O
dialog: a rich Ss ele
dialog: a dust which England bred.
text: Loose paper flowers floating in the wash of a landing craft
text: carrying sailors from an American cruiser. The flowers form
text: a wavering garland as they begin their long journey towards
dialog: the estuary of the Yangtze.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
