speaker_heading: ENCRYPT
dialog: by Richard Taylor
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: THE EARTH
text: spins in mortal turmoil. A vast spinner of clouds the size of
text: Australia approaches the west coast of North America,
text: lightning flashing, thunder BELLOWING and CRACKLING. The sky
text: glows red and purple, angry and crazy. This is the planet
dialog: made Gothic by human intervention.
scene_heading: SEATTLE - THE SPACE NEEDLE
text: is buffeted by hundred-and-fifty-mile-an-hour winds. Plate
text: glass shatters and explodes.
scene_heading: SAN FRANCISCO - THE GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE
text: quakes before the raging wind. A giant tsunami surges toward
text: the great suspension bridge. When it passes, cables have been
text: wrenched, untwining, and collapse appears imminent.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES - NIGHT
text: The city is a swamp, some buildings on dry ground, others
text: below sea level. Far south and east of its northern cousins,
text: the full thrust of the storm has not struck Los Angeles yet.
text: Smoke from open fires trail skyward like ghosts and spread
text: along the ceiling of the sky even as it bleeds rain
dialog: everywhere.
scene_heading: A TEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL (MANDY)
text: runs, terrified, down a decayed city street. She clutches
text: something in her dirt-caked hands, holds it dear to her
dialog: breast.
text: The girl slides around a corner on her bottom, stares back.
scene_heading: GIRL'S POV - THE STREET
text: seems derelict. A flash of lightning reveals men scurrying
text: like rats after her.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 2.
scene_heading: RESUME AND FOLLOW MANDY (A MONTAGE)
text: as she turns and scrambles away. Her pursuers follow her
text: everywhere — around rusting cars, through an abandoned MTA
text: bus, and across the rubble of a building that once dispensed
dialog: happy meals and toys.
text: Mandy dives into a burrow beneath piled debris.
text: One of the men walks directly toward her.
text: Another scurries, chortling madly, around to her side.
text: A third man approaches from behind.
text: Mandy clutches her prize ever-more tightly and prays that
text: they don't see her.
dialog: They do.
text: The leader lifts Mandy from the debris, her naked legs
text: dangling from beneath her torn dress.
speaker_heading: LEAD RAT
dialog: Lookit what I got!
text: Mandy struggles and screams. Lead Rat covers her mouth.
text: Limping Rat snatches the prize from her fingers: A dinner
text: roll, hard as a rock and twice as filthy.
speaker_heading: LIMPING RAT
dialog: So that's what you're hiding, little
dialog: girl? Don't you want to share? You want
dialog: to share, right?
text: Mandy writhes free enough to say:
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: Take it! Take it! Just... leave me alone!
text: Chortling Rat arrives. His fingers pinch Mandy's leg.
speaker_heading: CHORTLING RAT
dialog: This little girl's plump.
text: Lead Rat drops her to the ground, assesses her.
speaker_heading: LEAD RAT
dialog: You got family, girl... with anything to
dialog: trade?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Mandy understands immediately.
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: Yes! Yes, my daddy's got canned goods.
dialog: And gasoline.
text: Lead Rat thinks about this. The dinner roll lying abandoned
text: nearby suggests not.
speaker_heading: CHORTLING RAT
dialog: She'd feed us for a week!
speaker_heading: LIMPING RAT
dialog: (grinning, of Chortling Rat as
dialog: he assesses girl)
dialog: I dunno... You still on that diet?
text: Mandy screams and tries to break away. Lead Rat holds her in
text: a vise grip.
text: Chortling Rat kneels beside the little girl.
speaker_heading: CHORTLING RAT
dialog: (of leader)
dialog: I never took you for squeamish.
text: That settles it. Lead Rat produces a huge switchblade. It
text: snaps out, steel catching the light.
text: Mandy screams.
text: An arrow slams through Lead Rat's neck. He doesn't move, not
dialog: believing.
scene_heading: JOHN GARTH (35) STANDS ON A WALL (SCENE),
text: a hard man with hawk eyes now focused on killing. Even though
text: he is a warrior, there is something humane about John Garth.
text: He knows there is no glory to what he is doing. His rock-like
text: exposed arms hold the bow's tension like the cables of a
text: suspension bridge, and shake with the load. He releases.
text: Lead Rat faces death and drops.
text: Limping Rat is already scurrying away, weapon drawn, when
text: Garth's second arrow catches him. He drops.
text: Chortling Rat, whining fearfully, scuttles around debris,
text: hiding his silhouette. He pulls a nasty looking automatic and
text: looks up to find a target when an arrow slams into him. He
dialog: falls.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Garth drops to the ground, walks to Mandy, who stands sucking
text: air like the price is going up.
speaker_heading: JOHN GARTH
dialog: Your mother's worried.
text: Mandy shakes her head crazily. Yes, I know.
text: Garth kneels beside her. Mandy bursts into his arms. He holds
text: her like a father until her sobs diminish.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You shouldn't go out by yourself.
text: Mandy buries her head in his chest, safe now.
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: But I'm hungry, John.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I know...
text: Garth releases her and steps past to harvest the arrow that
text: took Lead Rat's life. He takes the switchblade as well.
text: Mandy scurries to where the dinner roll lies and retrieves
text: it. She tries to bite into it. Hard as stone.
scene_heading: BESIDE LIMPING RAT'S CORPSE - GARTH
text: harvests the second arrow, using the switchblade to cut the
text: arrow out.
text: Mandy staggers to Garth's side. She looks yearningly at
text: Limping Rat. Clutching Garth's leg:
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: It would be a waste to just leave them
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (understanding her meaning)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: But I'm hungry.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You stay here. I have to get my other
dialog: arrow.
text: Garth moves to get the arrow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Mandy waits nervously near Limping Rat's corpse. When Garth
text: returns, he scoops her up and starts walking away.
text: Looking back from Garth's arms, Mandy's hungry eyes remain on
text: the corpse.
scene_heading: EXT. SURVIVOR'S CAMP - NIGHT
text: It's a hovel bandaged with debris. Campfires burn with
text: constant complaint, sizzling embers and hissing wood once
text: shaped by hand. Mist clouds everything.
text: Men and women guard the ramparts, some with guns, some with
text: bows like Garth's.
speaker_heading: A GUARD
dialog: Someone's coming.
text: The men scramble to the walls.
speaker_heading: GARTH'S VOICE
dialog: (a shout)
dialog: John Garth!
text: A moment later Garth enters the camp with Mandy carried on
dialog: his hip.
text: Mandy's mother rushes to take her into her arms as Garth
text: drops her.
speaker_heading: MANDY'S MOM
dialog: Mandy!
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: Look, Mom... I found some bread.
speaker_heading: MANDY'S MOM
dialog: Where were you?! I've been worried to
dialog: death!
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: She's okay. I found her about six blocks
text: south, near Pico.
speaker_heading: MANDY'S MOM
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: (showing her prize)
dialog: Mom! Look, bread!
speaker_heading: MANDY'S MOM
dialog: You put that away, now. One of the
dialog: hunters found meat. We have stew.
dialog: Garth turns at this information. Meat?
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: Food?! Mommy, I'm so hungry...
speaker_heading: MANDY'S MOM
dialog: Come on, sweetheart. I'll get you a bowl.
text: Garth questions this silently, then turns to head for his
dialog: digs.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. GARTH'S DIGS - NIGHT
text: An often-repaired tent. Garth throws the entry flap back,
text: enters to find his father, MATTHEW, Garth grown older and
text: weaker. He lies in a hammock, recovering from a broken leg.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: You're not dead, I see.
dialog: Storing his equipment:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Not yet. How's the leg?
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: I'm hobbling about. Anything happen out
dialog: there?
text: Garth turns to survey his father, pulls three cans of
text: Campbell's soup from his jacket.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I killed six men... three this morning
dialog: over these...
dialog: (presents the cans)
dialog: ... three tonight over the Parker girl.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: You found her alive?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Alive. She wouldn't have stayed that way
dialog: long... I hear they've got stew. Did
dialog: anybody bring you some?
text: Matthew snorts.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
text: Rodriguez says he killed a deer. Brought
dialog: the meat in already butchered... There
dialog: are no deer left in Los Angeles, not even
text: in the canyons.
text: Garth understands. Meat. Of the human variety. After a
dialog: moment:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: How 'bout some Campbell's soup? M'M-M'M-
dialog: Good...
dialog: (reads labels)
dialog: Cream of mushroom... chicken noodle...
dialog: and cream of tomato.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: (smacking his lips)
dialog: Chicken noodle. I'll stoke the fire.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: No, dad. I'll take care of it. You stay
dialog: off that leg.
text: Garth pulls his survival knife and begins to open one of the
dialog: cans.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. GARTH'S DIGS - NIGHT
text: Garth and Matthew lie asleep after their repast, Matthew in
text: his hammock, Garth on a bed made of old clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. SURVIVOR'S CAMP - NIGHT
text: Guards walk lonely beats behind walls of debris.
text: Suddenly a brilliant light appears in the night sky. A VOICE
text: from a loudspeaker:
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER VOICE
dialog: You people in the camp... We're looking
dialog: for John Garth.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 8.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - HELICOPTER
text: hovers a hundred yards from the ramparts, its single
text: directional light bouncing from point to point on the walls.
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER VOICE
dialog: Is he in there?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP
text: Garth exits his digs. His father hobbles after.
text: A camp citizen climbs to the top of the walls.
speaker_heading: CAMP CITIZEN
dialog: He's here... What do you want?
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER VOICE
dialog: We're coming in.
text: The chopper sets down.
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER - THREE MEN
text: enter the camp. Two wear LAPD uniforms, the third a long coat
text: with a detective badge pinned to a lapel, LAPIERE. He's the
text: sort of man who becomes a cop because of one perk — power.
text: One of the uniforms carries a cardboard box marked Peaches.
text: The camp citizens give them a wide berth. Garth stands one
dialog: row back.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: I'm Detective Lieutenant Oscar LaPiere of
dialog: the LAPD.
speaker_heading: THE CROWD
dialog: --. he's no cop... no police anymore...
dialog: he's lying (etc.)
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Of course there are police left.
dialog: (smiling confidently)
dialog: We're just like you, trying to survive.
dialog: We help when we can.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You must be pretty busy... elsewhere.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Lapiere's steady grin belies the heat of his eyes directed at
dialog: Garth.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Where's John Garth?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What do you want with him?
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: I've brought him a gift. Are you John
dialog: Garth?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What gift? Who sent it?
text: LaPiere allows the question to dangle a moment, then steps
text: aside and gestures to the cop holding the crate to set it
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Peaches... Name brand, not the store
dialog: variety... packed in syrup.
text: The gasp of camp citizens suggests this might be gold.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Who sent it?
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Anton Reich.
text: Garth kneels beside the cardboard box to check the glue
text: seals. Not tampered with.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE (CONT'D)
dialog: I take it you're John Garth?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Who's Anton Reich? And what does he want
dialog: with me?
text: Mandy steps through the crowd and kneels beside the box. She
text: is in awe of it.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: He wants to hire you. He instructed me to
dialog: tell you — this is a signing bonus.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Signing bonus? Then it's not a gift?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Oh no. It's yours. No strings.
text: Garth considers that, then tears the box open and hands Mandy
text: a can. She can't suppress her joy. Running to her mother:
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: Mommy! Mommy! Look what I got!
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: (continuing with restrained
dialog: disapproval)
dialog: You can do with it what you will, of
dialog: course... Mr. Reich just wants to take a
dialog: meeting with you.
text: Garth removes four cans from the box and gives them to his
text: father. Taking one can for himself, Garth shoves what remains
text: of the box into the arms of the camp leader.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Share this...
dialog: (to LaPiere)
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE CAMP - NIGHT
text: The helicopter looks shiny new as Garth, LaPiere and the cops
text: trudge through debris-ridden terrain. Garth uses his survival
text: knife to open the can of peaches.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (of chopper)
dialog: I didn't think there were any of those
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: You'd be surprised what's left... if you
dialog: know the right people.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: The chopper flies through the rainy night.
text: Garth pushes the can lid back and drinks thirstily before
text: lifting a peach slice out and swallowing it whole, like a
text: bear with a fish just caught from a stream. LaPiere looks on
text: with amusement. Garth sees his look, offers the can.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: No thank you. I've eaten.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Garth shrugs, digs out another fish.
scene_heading: EXT. UCLA MEDICAL CENTER LANDING PAD - NIGHT
text: The lights work, even if the sign has been damaged: UCL(A)
text: M(ed) ICAL CEN(t)ER. The chopper sets down.
text: Garth, Lapiere and the attending cops exit and make for the
text: big hospital building as Garth tosses the empty can of
text: peaches into an empty wire receptacle.
scene_heading: INT. UCLA MEDICAL CENTER - NIGHT
text: Garth, LaPiere and the uniformed cops make their way into the
text: building, which obviously is no longer in use as a hospital.
text: Even though it appears abandoned, the lights work.
text: Garth stops to look around. He hasn't seen electric lights in
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What's powering these lights?
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: (moving him along)
text: Mr. Reich has his residence on the top
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: INT. UCLA MEDICAL CENTER TOP FLOOR - NIGHT
text: An immense open bay. At one end are stacked platform after
text: platform of canned goods, ammunition, oil, military weaponry
text: in cases, liquor, medical supplies. At the opposite end, a
text: mansion in miniature with unblemished furniture, Persian
text: carpets, drapes over the windows, stands of famous artworks,
text: paintings, sculpture, and a huge oak desk stolen, certainly,
text: from a rich man's office.
text: Men in uniform stand guard beside the elevator door, one
text: LAPD, the second MTA. One uniform is as good as another,
dialog: apparently
text: The elevator opens. Garth and LaPiere exit, followed by the
dialog: two cops.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - ANTON REICH
text: is a man of formidable countenance. 50, he wears clothes that
dialog: in better times might be considered obscenely expensive. He
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: is a leader, a manipulator, and a salesman. He approaches
text: Garth as if welcoming an important client, extending a hand.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Major Garth, welcome. Anton Reich.
text: Garth surveys him briefly, the proffered hand, then turns his
text: gaze to the cops.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't worry. They're not really police.
dialog: They work for me now.
text: Garth's gaze continues to the flats of canned goods and other
dialog: supplies.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you hungry, Major?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Oh no, I just finished dinner. Steak and
dialog: lobster, a good chardonnay, and chocolate
dialog: mousse for dessert.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Better than my table, I'm afraid. But I
dialog: can have my cook whip up something...
dialog: Major?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I'm not a major.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: No, of course not. Not anymore. Who of us
dialog: have titles these days?... Sergeant?
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: It's Lieutenant, Mr. Reich.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Mr. Garth and I will have dinner in the
dialog: residence. See to it.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Lapiere turns and moves for the elevator.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: (to cops)
dialog: You two may leave as well.
text: The two cops follow LaPiere.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Reich takes Garth by the arm, and releases him on Garth's
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: While we're waiting for dinner, can I get
dialog: you anything else?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Well, Adolph... you can tell me what you
dialog: want so I can blow this bunker.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Adolph... not such a bad fellow after
dialog: all, now was he?... I should think simple
dialog: logic would answer your question. You
dialog: have nothing I could want — except skill.
dialog: Obviously, I want to hire you.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I'm not for hire.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Yes, I'm certain that's so. Do you see
dialog: that flat of canned goods back there?
text: Garth looks. A mountain eight feet by eight feet. A fortune.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: I had it brought up here just so you
dialog: could see it. I usually leave food down
dialog: in the pantry... In any case, there are
dialog: sixty cases of beef stew, sixty of fruit
dialog: cocktail, sixty cases of peaches — my
dialog: favorite, I usually have peaches for
dialog: dessert — sixty cases of deviled ham,
dialog: sixty cases of hash, sixty cases of tuna,
dialog: sixty cases of... well, I can give you a
dialog: manifest.
text: Garth takes in the vast fortune. He fails to hide his
dialog: astonishment.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you still not for hire, Major Garth?
text: Garth's silence is answer enough.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought so...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Who do you want me to kill?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Kill? Kill?! Killing is easy, Major. What
dialog: I want you to do is much harder. Care for
dialog: a brandy?
text: Reich opens a fresh bottle of Courvoisier, almost fills two
text: snifters, turns to hand one to Garth.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: stands before one of a dozen paintings, many recognizable,
text: but not this. It's a map of the earth with a vast storm, not
text: unlike the Red Spot of Jupiter, swirling across the world.
text: Reich presents Garth with a brandy.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: You've found my Nilsson. It's
dialog: magnificent, isn't it?
text: Garth takes the brandy, sniffs, and is snatched into
text: enthralled memories.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: It's called 'The Blue Spot.' It was
dialog: painted right after they discovered the
text: storm that circles the surface of the
dialog: earth, like 'The Red Spot' circles
text: Jupiter, returning again and again,
text: wreaking havoc... Nilsson killed himself
dialog: right after he completed it.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Suicide doesn't exactly distinguish him,
dialog: does it?
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: No, not at all. So many people have
dialog: killed themselves. Still, it's a
dialog: magnificent piece. Most of these pieces
dialog: you see here I took into protective
dialog: custody from the Getty.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I thought I recognized some of them.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Which is why I need you, Major.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I told you. I'm not a major anymore.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 15.
speaker_heading: REICH
text: yanks a tarp from a table miniature of an estate.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Come see this.
text: Garth reluctantly joins him.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you recognize it?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: The Vincent estate.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Yes. It's located across the four-oh-five
text: from the Getty, in the Sepulveda Pass.
dialog: It's nearly as big, too. Are you familiar
dialog: with Vincent?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Just that he's rich.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Was rich. No one's seen him in years.
dialog: He's probably dead. Still, his estate
dialog: remains operative... You may have
dialog: wondered how it is that we have electric
dialog: lights here, elevators that work and so
dialog: on, when the rest of the city has been
dialog: reduced to the stone age. It's because
text: UCLA has a nuke in the basement. It was
dialog: installed for educational purposes, but
dialog: it's large enough to supply the entire
dialog: facility with power...
text: Reich searches Garth's eyes for understanding. Finally:
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Vincent installed a duplicate in his
text: estate. It's fully automated, powering a
text: specially designed security system.
dialog: Vincent intended to convert his estate
text: into a museum on his death, but the world
dialog: fell apart first. I want you to break in,
dialog: Major... break in and shut down Vincent's
dialog: nuke, so I can take all of Vincent's art
dialog: into protective custody.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 16.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (cynical grin)
dialog: Protective custody?
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Oh hell, I could call it stealing, but
dialog: the truth is, it'll only be in my hands
dialog: until I die, and then the next fellow
dialog: will come along and protect it.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You could say the same thing about
dialog: gold...
text: (eyes drifting toward the
dialog: palets of food)
text: -.. while other valuables are consumable.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yes, that's true... So, what do you say?
text: The shadows across Garth's eyes hide deep thoughts.
scene_heading: LATER - GARTH AND REICH SIT AT TABLE
text: enjoying a sumptuous meal. Candlesticks, wine, dishes filled
text: with ample portions.
text: Nearby, the table miniature.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: -.. thing is, the roof is protected by
dialog: surface-to-air missiles, SAMs. Anything
dialog: that comes within a thousand yards of the
text: place is blown up.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You tried it?
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Hm, yes.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Why not assault it from the side?
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: The grounds are protected by miniature
dialog: battle units — tanks, in reality,
dialog: although they were manufactured to look
dialog: like dogs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: With just the equipment you have over
dialog: there...
dialog: (gestures crates across room)
dialog: ++. you could take out something like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: REICH
text: The entrances are made of six inch armor
dialog: plate, but we could get past that, too.
dialog: It was proven during the middle ages that
dialog: any wall may be breached. No, the problem
dialog: is, I don't want any of Vincent's
dialog: collection damaged.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Go in a window, then.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: You make it sound so easy. I hope that it
dialog: is. A window, yes. The real problem is
dialog: not getting in, but staying alive once
dialog: you're there...
dialog: (on Garth's look)
dialog: I have much of Vincent's security plans.
dialog: Some, anyway. He employed a new kind of
text: controller, a sentient computer system.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: The computer reasons? Like a human being?
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Here. Let me show you.
text: Reich removes a notebook computer from a briefcase beside the
text: table, opens it. A picture of DIANA LOGAN, 28, appears on the
text: screen. Diana is beautiful, yes, but behind her eyes resides
text: an incisive mind and a depth of feeling unusual in one so
dialog: young.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Twenty years ago this woman, Diana Logan,
dialog: was dying of cancer. Vincent convinced
dialog: her to transfer her consciousness into
text: his one-of-a-kind mainframe, which he
dialog: named EnCrypt. She lives there still,
text: inside Vincent's mansion... a kind of
text: apparition within his computer.
text: Garth studies the face. It reminds him that once flowers
dialog: bloomed, that there was hope in the world, that people were
text: young and beautiful. He closes the notebook lid.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: She controls all of the security systems?
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Yes. As well as maintenance and repair.
dialog: As I said, the Vincent mansion is fully
dialog: automated.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Is she programmed to kill?
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Oh yes. If necessary.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: How do I defeat her... the system, I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: You defeat each subsystem separately. But
dialog: in order to defeat the entire system, you
dialog: must shut down the reactor. It's located
text: in the basement, along with the
text: supercomputer that controls everything.
dialog: Obviously, this area presents the
dialog: greatest challenge.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Obviously.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: There is one additional thing I haven't
dialog: mentioned yet... research that Vincent
dialog: was doing... the last copy of which may
dialog: be in the computer. I want you to
dialog: download it before shutting the system
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What kind of research?
text: Reich considers not telling him. He delays, sipping wine,
text: cutting another bite of meat. Then:
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Vincent was researching weather
dialog: control... a way to stop the storms — THE
dialog: STORM — and return the earth to its
dialog: original weather pattern.
text: Garth laughs. Redemption? It seems absurd.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You want me to save the world?
text: Reich smiles too.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Yes. Could you please?... It's probably
text: nothing. Vincent is missing and in all
dialog: likelihood dead, not an indicator for
dialog: success, is it? Still, even if his
dialog: research is partially completed...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: stands and walks to the window. The city lights are fires
text: consuming furniture and dreams. Reich joins him.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: The world's dying while you play
dialog: potentate inside these walls. Hell, it's
dialog: already dead. What you see out there is
text: nothing more than the death rattle.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: No. What you see out there is a thinning
dialog: of the herd. From ten billion people to
dialog: maybe a million... a necessary event...
dialog: and we who are to survive will need a
dialog: return to the old weather cycle... and
dialog: art, too, if we are to remain civilized.
dialog: Download the data if you can... but shut
dialog: down that nuke.
text: The SOUND of a firefight some distance away.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: My competitor from the South Bay. She
text: pushes north with an army twice the size
dialog: of mine. She's flush with booty from that
dialog: shopping center down there, the biggest
dialog: one in the world. It's made her strong...
dialog: That's why I'm pulling out, Major,
dialog: relocating to the Central Coast after the
dialog: storm passes. I want the Vincent estate
dialog: before I leave. And I plan to leave the
dialog: moment the storm clears. That's how much
dialog: time you'll have, two, maybe three days.
dialog: After that I blow my way in and take
dialog: whatever's not destroyed.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 20
text: FOLLOW GARTH AND REICH
text: as they walk past the palets of food and supplies.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: I want you to have a good night's
dialog: sleep... be at your best before you go
dialog: in... Is there anything I can get you?
dialog: Companionship, maybe?
text: Garth stops before the eight-by-eight-foot cube of food.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I do nothing... until this is delivered
dialog: to my camp.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Half. The rest when you come out.
text: Garth gestures assent.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Sergeant LaPiere.
text: The elevator door opens revealing LaPiere and two former LAPD
dialog: cops.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Show the Major to his room... then
dialog: arrange to have half of this food
text: delivered to his camp. Tonight.
scene_heading: INT. GARTH'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is splendidly attired, subtly illuminated. LaPiere
text: allows Garth in, then closes the door behind him.
text: Garth begins to remove his clothes.
text: Movement in the corner of the room. A WOMAN steps out of the
text: shadows. She is lovely. Her greek gown insinuates that she
dialog: possesses nothing else, just this garment. Clearly, this
text: situation is new to her and she's afraid.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'm... yours, if you want me.
text: Garth doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The woman releases the gown and it slips away. The strain of
text: this, the humiliation, tugs on her expression. She steps up
text: to Garth, waiting for him to touch her. She will not cry. No.
text: But the struggle makes the muscles of her face dance with
text: restrained emotion.
text: Garth pulls the bedspread from the bed and wraps her in it.
text: She clutches the garment about herself, thankful. Finally her
text: brow finds his chest. She sobs. Garth's arms almost close
text: about her, but he hesitates. After a moment:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Who were you?
speaker_heading: SLAVE
dialog: I was... a CPA.
text: She looks up. Her intelligent eyes search his.
speaker_heading: SLAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who were you?
dialog: The question has many answers. Finally:
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: A civilized man.
text: THE NEXT MORNING
text: finds the woman asleep beneath the covers, and Garth waking
text: above them. He rises from the bed, begins to dress.
scene_heading: THE DOORWAY - LAPIERE
text: stands just inside, grinning smugly.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Forget that stuff. We've got new clothes
dialog: for you. You can even shower, if you
dialog: want.
scene_heading: IN THE SHOWER - GARTH
text: stands beneath the spray of hot water. The feel of it reminds
dialog: him of clean yesterdays.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 22.
scene_heading: LOCKER ROOM - GARTH
text: exits the shower to find a stack of clothes on a bench, and
text: new boots beneath it. He dresses.
scene_heading: RESIDENCE - GARTH AND REICH
text: observe his notebook computer screen.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Have you faced automated defense systems
dialog: before, Major?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Many times.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Then you know that Vincent Industries
dialog: supplied much of the world's automated
dialog: security and combat systems. He made
dialog: everything from sentry dogs, like
dialog: these...
scene_heading: INSERT - SCREEN (AND INTERCUT AS NECESSARY)
text: where the SENTRY DOG lopes onto the screen, then TRANSMORPHS
text: into an animated blueprint. The animal looks like a large
text: bulldog.
scene_heading: RESUME GARTH AND REICH
text: looking at the screen.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: (continuous )
dialog: +... to more commercial combat platforms.
dialog: This particular model can be configured
dialog: as a strictly urban, house protection
dialog: system, or it can carry weapons. In the
dialog: case of Vincent's mansion, the dogs are
dialog: fully armed. We tested the perimeter to
dialog: find out.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (disdainful)
dialog: Who went in? LaPiere?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: No. Unfortunately our man was killed. You
dialog: knew Captain Leon Vega of the Army
dialog: Rangers?
dialog: The name impacts.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I trained him...
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Yes. He mentioned you before he died...
text: Inside the Vincent mansion there are
dialog: other platforms, several that were on the
dialog: market, and possibly a number that
dialog: Vincent was developing but had not yet
dialog: finalized. Almost certainly you'll find
dialog: the Ghost.
text: THE GHOST comes up on the screen. It indeed looks like a
text: ghost, a floating apparition, but it has teeth — weapon
text: barrels, which are shown when the device TRANSMORPHS into an
text: animated blueprint.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
text: It fires a mini-pulse bolt that can both
dialog: stun and kill, depending on the
dialog: programming. Other weapon configurations
dialog: are possible. Its design was intended to
text: scare off intruders first, so there is a
dialog: mercy factor built in.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Mercy factor...
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: There are other weapons platform
dialog: possibilities. We've listed all that we
dialog: know about Vincent Industries equipment
dialog: in this notebook computer. Take it with
dialog: you. Familiarize yourself with Vincent's
dialog: defense mechanisms. My advice, though, is
dialog: to expect the unexpected.
text: Garth closes the notebook, considering what he has got
dialog: himself into.
speaker_heading: ARMORY - GARTH
text: marvels at the array of weapons and combat paraphernalia
text: organized on shelves and attached to walls.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Reich and LaPiere watch from nearby as the ARMORER brings
text: what appears to be a metal flak jacket to Garth and fits it
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: Have you worn force-field body armor
dialog: before, Major?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: I'm not surprised. It was just introduced
dialog: during the last days of the Pentagon...
dialog: Now, it's battery operated. This read-
dialog: out...
text: He places a WATCH-LIKE DEVICE on Garth's wrist.
speaker_heading: ARMORER (CONT'D)
dialog: --. here tells you your count. Generally
dialog: speaking, the armor is good for
dialog: approximately a hundred rounds of five-
dialog: point-five-six, or seventy-five rounds of
text: seven-point-six-two. Grenades and pulse
dialog: weapons take a toll of anywhere from ten
dialog: to a hundred points, depending on the
dialog: proximity of impact. You follow?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I follow.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: Good. Now this is a battery pack.
text: The armorer straps a BATTERY BELT to Garth's waist.
speaker_heading: ARMORER (CONT'D)
text: It holds twenty additional batteries.
dialog: They aren't interconnected for reasons of
dialog: shorting out or chain reaction. You
dialog: understand? This armor is electrically
dialog: operated.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I get the concept.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: You must change the batteries between
dialog: firefights, or whenever a battery becomes
dialog: depleted. Some batteries may provide
dialog: protection past the hundred mark, but
dialog: don't count on it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 25
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Armorer takes an M-16 off a table and points it at Garth.
speaker_heading: ARMORER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Reich and LaPiere)
dialog: Gentlemen, you may wish to stand back.
text: Glancing rounds will deflect.
text: Reich and LaPiere retreat five paces.
text: Garth can't believe he's about to be shot at. He steps
dialog: forward...
text: The Armorer BEGINS FIRING. The ROUNDS HIT GARTH repeatedly
text: until the magazine empties. EACH ROUND HITTING THE BODY ARMOR
text: CAUSES IT TO 'FLASH' AS IT REPELS THE FIREPOWER.
text: The Armorer switches magazines as Garth, angered and
text: surprised, attempts to march forward again and take the gun
text: from the Armorer's hands. Garth is again THROWN BACK BY
text: SUCCESSIVE ROUNDS, and then to the floor.
text: The Armorer reloads, begins firing again as Garth tries to
text: get up, finally succeeds, assaults forward toward the Armorer
text: as he reloads yet another magazine, and begins firing again,
text: throwing Garth back. Garth topples behind the table.
text: The Armorer switches to an AK-47.
speaker_heading: ARMORER (CONT'D)
text: Switching to a larger round...
text: These heavier rounds throw Garth back to the wall. MOST
text: ROUNDS HIT THE ARMOR, FLATTEN AND SLIDE TO THE FLOOR, WHILE
text: GLANCING BLOWS DEFLECT LEFT AND RIGHT.
speaker_heading: ARMORER (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting over din)
dialog: It's advisable that you seek cover when
text: being fired upon. While armor-deflected
dialog: rounds can't penetrate, the concussive
dialog: force of the round...
dialog: (changes magazine, starts
dialog: firing)
dialog: -.. can disorient and in some cases
dialog: render the recipient unconscious. I am
dialog: avoiding the Major's head area for
dialog: demonstration purposes. An enemy won't be
dialog: so lenient.
text: The Armorer finishes his last magazine and puts the AK-47
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Garth rises, shaken, and marches for the Armorer, who raises
text: a hand, signalling 'Stop.'
speaker_heading: ARMORER (CONT'D)
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: Just kidding.
text: Garth stops, trying to control his anger.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You son-of-a-bitch, you didn't warn me!
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: Major, you have just taken eighty direct
dialog: hits. Under normal circumstances, one
dialog: would have been enough to kill you. How
dialog: do you feel?
text: Garth grabs the smaller man and nearly lifts him off his
text: feet. After a moment:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I feel... SWELL.
text: Garth drops the Armorer and surges past as Reich and LaPiere
text: share a look of amusement.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE RECHARGER PACK
text: in the Armorer's hands is tugged open, revealing slots that
text: accept body armor batteries, and dials for adjusting the
dialog: equipment.
scene_heading: INT. THE ARMORY - THE ARMORER (SCENE)
text: twists the pack for Garth to see.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: The pack has its own armor. Don't let it
dialog: take direct hits if you want to continue
dialog: supplying power to your body armor. The
text: unit accommodates ten batteries at a
dialog: time, and can recharge them from cold to
dialog: hot in about an hour. You'll go in with
dialog: ten batteries charged in here, plus the
dialog: twenty on your belt. Got it?
text: This time Garth sneers at him and yanks the pack out of his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: How many recharges?
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: Thirty. Maybe less. Battery technology is
dialog: freaky... but you can connect to one-ten
dialog: and recharge the batteries directly from
dialog: house current, presuming there is house
dialog: current.
scene_heading: AT THE SELECTION TABLE - GARTH
text: stands before a number of rifles and pistols arrayed on the
text: table. The Armorer, Reich and LaPiere watch from five paces
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What do you got?
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: Everything.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Then what do you recommend?
speaker_heading: ARMORER
text: Pulse rifle.
text: He picks up the pulse rifle and throws it to Garth.
speaker_heading: ARMORER (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
text: Has the punch of a fifty with almost no
dialog: recoil. Uses the same batteries as the
dialog: armor, fifty rounds of decreasing
dialog: intensity. Has a tendency to start fires.
dialog: That could be problematical...
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Choose another gun.
text: Garth looks at him a moment, then:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I'll take it. What else?
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: I recommend an automatic pistol. Two, if
dialog: you don't mind the weight. This Smith &
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ARMORER (cont'd)
dialog: Wesson is pretty slick. It holds fifty
text: rounds of five-point-five-six and spits
dialog: them out at a rate of five hundred rounds
dialog: a minute.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I'll take two. What else?
speaker_heading: ARMORER
speaker_heading: Grenade launcher —
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Out of the question.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: I've got knives... survival... serrated
dialog: edge... stiletto...
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: The stiletto and the survival knife. What
dialog: else?
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: I've got some cowboy junk... combat
dialog: bow...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Too bulky.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: (continuous )
dialog: +.. miniature crossbow.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Let me see it.
text: The Armorer removes a metal pen from his shirt pocket,
text: presses a button. The shaft elongates to four times its
text: original length, bow arms pop out at one end, a handle at the
text: other. He places it in Garth's hand.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
text: Carries five shafts inside the tube. No,
dialog: wait, you twist the eraser... there.
text: Garth twists the eraser and five tiny metal arrows slide into
text: his palm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ARMORER (CONT'D)
dialog: You preload the weapon, collapse it, and
dialog: keep it in your shirt pocket, or clip it
dialog: anywhere...
text: Garth mounts a metal arrow in the bow... looks up with an
text: admiring smile... and TURNS AND AIMS SO FAST IT IS ONE CLEAN
text: MOTION. THE ARROW SHOOTS OUT... and PINS THE ARMORER'S SHIRT
text: TO THE WALL. An inch left, neck, not shirt.
text: Garth walks to the Armorer, who is shaking with fear, and
text: pulls the arrow out with his fingers.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Just kidding. How do you feel? Do you
dialog: feel swell?
dialog: (on Armorer's emphatic gesture)
dialog: I thought you would.
scene_heading: AUTOMATIC DEFENSE UNIT
text: on a display table. It is a coffin-shaped box. The Armorer
text: activates a control panel that pops up, switches it on. An
text: automated machine gun rises, its microservos 'whirring' as it
text: revolves left, then right.
scene_heading: THE ARMORER, GARTH, REICH, LAPIERE
text: observe the weapon. The Armorer is still shaken from Garth's
dialog: ‘joke. '
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: This is a fully automated night defense
dialog: mechanism. Turn it on and it will shoot
text: anything moving beyond a four foot
dialog: perimeter. So you can catch some shut-
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: (snide grin)
dialog: Hope you don't toss in your sleep.
text: Garth depresses the ‘off' button and the machine gun recedes
text: inside its box with a SNAP!
scene_heading: EXT./INT. FLYING HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Garth, Reich and LaPiere on the passenger bench. Reich hands
text: Garth a hand radio.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 30
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: (above din of helicopter)
dialog: Take this. Radio signals are jammed
dialog: inside the mansion, but you can use it
dialog: once the power's down... Work your way to
text: the central atrium, then downstairs to
text: the computer, shut off the nuke. Then
dialog: work your way to the roof and call us.
dialog: We'll come in. Simple.
text: Garth grins cynically at the word 'simple.'
text: Beyond the chopper windows, the Los Angeles basin stretches
text: like a vast archaeological dig, fires rising like pillars to
text: support the smoky sky.
scene_heading: EXT. VINCENT MANSION MOUNTAINTOP - DAY
text: The chopper maneuvers carefully to avoid the top of the
text: mansion. The structure is huge, a competitor of the Getty
text: itself, three stories high and god knows how many stories
text: below ground, its style inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright's
dialog: Hollyhock House.
text: The helicopter lands in the field outside the mansion
text: grounds. Garth drops out with his equipment. The chopper
text: rises and speeds away.
speaker_heading: FOLLOW GARTH
text: as he trudges to the mansion's outer walls. They are low,
text: knee-high so as not to block the view of the mansion. Garth
text: stands before them for moments with nothing happening. He
text: picks up a stone and tosses it over the wall.
speaker_heading: SENTRY DOGS
text: appear from either side of the structure and run full-tilt
text: toward Garth. They are mechanized animals that mimic the real
dialog: thing.
text: Garth watches them approach, doesn't move, weapons still
text: holstered or strung.
text: The dogs stop at the wall.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Nice doggy... I'm outside the wall. See?
text: The dogs bark menacingly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Garth removes one of the Smith & Wesson pistols from his
text: belt, holds it casually to his side.
text: The barking increases.
text: Garth SHOOTS. ROUNDS SPIT OUT at a rate of five hundred a
text: minute. THE FIRST DOG IMPLODES. The second shoulders to the
text: wall itself, increases its barking.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Can't attack anything outside the
dialog: perimeter, can you? Ah, the wonderful
dialog: world of insurance companies.
text: Garth replaces the magazine. Aims it at the remaining dog.
dialog: Considers.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Ciao, Fido.
text: Fires. The dog staggers back beneath the CONCUSSIVE FORCE OF
text: THE STREAM OF BULLETS, then EXPLODES.
text: Everything is startlingly quiet. Garth replaces the magazine,
text: reholsters the gun, stares out at the grounds.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - THE VINCENT MANSION GROUNDS
text: invites a stroll... a picnic... an afternoon in Elysium.
speaker_heading: RESUME GARTH
text: as he thinks about this.
text: Garth leaps the fence and enters the grounds.
text: No dogs. No response. Nothing.
text: Somehow, Garth was expecting more. He shrugs, moves for the
dialog: house.
text: Halfway across the grounds Garth freezes.
scene_heading: THE HOUSE - THE SHUTTERS
text: slam down one by one— pomb! pomb! pomb! — seemingly appearing
text: in place, to cover the windows with reinforced steel plate.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 32.
speaker_heading: RESUME GARTH
text: as he realizes his progression across the grounds triggered
dialog: this defense.
text: An instant later two more dogs spring from either side of the
text: building and run toward him.
text: Garth drops to one knee, pulls the pulse rifle off his
text: shoulder, brings it up to fire...
text: A BULLET HITS DEAD CENTER and knocks Garth off his feet. THE
text: BODY ARMOR FLASHES. A second round hits. A third.
speaker_heading: THE DOGS
text: have Garth bracketed, firing from automatic rifles that have
text: risen from slots located in their backs.
speaker_heading: RESUME GARTH
text: as he stands and runs for the main entrance, the dogs
dialog: following.
text: Garth slides into a prone position at the main entrance as
text: THE ROUNDS CONTINUE TO IMPACT.
scene_heading: INSERT - GARTH'S WRIST COUNTER
text: shows the declining effectiveness of his body armor. 91...
dialog: 84... 80... 77... 69... (Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding!)
speaker_heading: RESUME GARTH
text: as he brings the pulse rifle up, turns to face the incoming
text: rounds, BODY BOUNCING WITH THEIR IMPACT, and fires.
text: The first dog disappears in a flash.
text: Garth turns, IMPACTS STILL MAKING HIS BODY QUAKE, and fires.
text: The second dog EXPLODES WITH A WHELP.
text: Garth drops the pulse rifle and stands angrily.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (hurting)
dialog: Damn! Damn it! Body armor hell!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He ejects the battery from the armor, slams a fresh battery
text: into the slot. Then he drops his packs and shakes and twists
text: his limbs to relieve the sting.
scene_heading: A MOMENT LATER - GARTH
text: stands admiring the main entrance. It is a two-story bronze
text: double-door, with carved Roman figures presenting a battle
text: tableau.
text: Garth steps back onto the lawn, ten paces away, looks left,
dialog: then right.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - THE WINDOWS
dialog: steel plate have none of the elegance of this door, but are
dialog: formidable nonetheless.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: paces back to the huge door, removes an explosive charge from
text: one of the packs, adheres it to the lock and steps away.
text: A small EXPLOSION.
text: The door swings open.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE OF VINCENT MANSION - DAY
text: Garth carries his equipment into the room.
text: The door swings shut behind him.
text: Garth drops his packs, tests the door with a shove. Locked.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Thought that was too easy.
text: Garth turns to survey the room.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - THE ENTRANCE ROOM
text: is a vast hall that recedes into the shadows. The lights are
text: not on. Doors line the walls to either side, each two-stories
text: tall and each a different shade of green or red.
text: A statue of the god Jupiter, four times human size, commands
dialog: the near space.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 34.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: hefts his packs and marches to Jupiter, drops them at the
text: god's feet. He turns to the shadows.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Take a potshot at me here, Jupiter is
dialog: gonna get a hotfoot!
text: Nothing. No response.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You can come out now, Diana. I know
dialog: you're here.
dialog: Silence.
text: Garth shrugs, turns to unload his packs.
speaker_heading: A ROBOT
text: rolls past Garth, who pivots and pulls one of his pistols.
text: The robot is a jumble of appendages tipped with various
text: devices. It proceeds to the door, which opens to receive it.
text: A welding device begins to make repairs on the main lock.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: watches for a moment... returns the gun to its holster...
text: removes a tin of food, pulls out a wafer and takes a bite...
text: opens the notebook computer.
scene_heading: THE COMPUTER SCREEN
text: is cards being shuffled. The final card: The welder robot.
speaker_heading: GARTH (SCENE)
text: looks up from the screen at the still welding robot.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (reading)
dialog: E-sixty-five-thirty... Repairbot...
dialog: Secondary weapons platform... No shields,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 35
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH (cont'd)
dialog: no body armor... Aggression quotient —
dialog: zip.
text: The robot finishes the repairs. The door closes. The robot
text: rolls past Garth again. Garth continues to eat the wafer and
text: doesn't bother to draw a weapon.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks for the prompt service. See you
dialog: soon.
text: The robot lumbers into the shadows down the vast hall.
scene_heading: A FLASHLIGHT BEAM
text: searches the high reaches of the ceiling. It finds a
text: television camera eye.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: keeps the flashlight aimed with one hand, brings a S&W pistol
text: up, aims, fires.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: A little to the left...
dialog: (fires again)
text: ++. once more, with feeling...
scene_heading: THE TELEVISION EYE
text: high above SHATTERS WITH THE BULLET IMPACT.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: returns the pistol to its holster.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Let's see you repair that.
text: He moves down the hall, shining the flashlight high looking
text: for more monitoring stations. He finds one just as the SOUND
text: of a miniature helicopter whisks past overhead.
text: Garth pivots and aims the light.
scene_heading: A MINIATURE HELICOPTER
text: carrying a replacement for the destroyed minicam beneath it,
text: moves for the destruction site in the corner of the ceiling.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 36.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: scrambles back.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Shit. Spoke too soon.
text: Aiming the light with one hand, the gun with the other, he
text: follows the movement of the helicopter near the ceiling.
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: flips on its back, bringing the repair module into position
dialog: for placement.
text: Garth's rounds begin to impact all around it... then a direct
text: hit. EXPLOSION.
speaker_heading: (SCENE) GARTH
text: lowers the weapon and the light. He turns, quickly surveys
text: the dark ceiling down the hall, then moves.
text: Garth returns to the second camera site... aims... fires...
text: moves on.
text: A third site, opposite wall. The same.
text: A fourth site, same wall. He aims both light and weapon.
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE SHOT - GARTH FAR BELOW
text: as four laser beams shoot out from various locations and hit
text: him squarely.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: is thrown ten feet back and to the ground.
text: STEAM RISES FROM HIS BODY ARMOR.
text: Garth's closed eyes twitch.
text: Slowly he comes to.
text: He glances at his body armor wrist read-out.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 37.
speaker_heading: WRIST READ-OUT
text: Garth's body armor wrist read-out: 09.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: realizes that another blow like that will penetrate his body
text: armor and kill him.
dialog: Should he move?
text: Carefully, Garth moves one arm back several inches, then the
text: other. A leg rises, seeks footing. He shoves himself a foot
text: farther away from the weapons in the walls and ceiling.
text: Again. Again. Slowly. Trying not to draw fire. Again.
text: Garth freezes.
speaker_heading: DIANA LOGAN
text: stands in Garth's path looking down at him. She is not quite
text: real. She is not quite a ghost, either. She wears an outfit —
text: military tunic and slacks — that, while very feminine, is
dialog: also all business.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You are an intruder.
text: Garth can't quite believe he's not alone. He raises a leg,
text: moves his shoulders, and shoves himself another foot away
text: from the weapons... and into Diana, passing through her. He
text: looks for her source.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - THE IMAGE PROJECTOR
text: is a shoebox with wheels, stopped nearby. A beam of light
text: shoots out, PROJECTING Diana.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: pushes himself along the floor again. Diana's feet seem to
text: grow out of his stomach.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I have called the police and they are en
dialog: route... but you haven't caused any real
dialog: damage yet. Go now and we'll forget this
dialog: illegal intrusion.
text: Garth shoves himself along the floor again. He and Diana seem
dialog: to share feet.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: There are no police.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Of course there are police.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Talk to them lately?
text: This shuts her up.
text: Garth flips over and begins to crawl.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You can get up. You're out of range.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Yeah. Like I'm going to believe you.
text: Diana BLINKS OUT OF EXISTENCE.
text: The shoebox whisks away, engine WHINING.
text: Garth continues to crawl... rises to his feet... runs.
scene_heading: AT JUPITER - GARTH
text: leaps behind the statue for cover. Breathing hard, takes
text: stock of himself. Replaces the body armor battery. (Chink-
dialog: hum!)
scene_heading: BODY ARMOR READ-OUT
dialog: goes from 09 to 100.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: Pulls a nightscope from his pack, clicks it into place on top
text: of the pulse rifle, brings it to eye level, takes a look.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 39.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTSCOPE - THE HALL
text: is no longer in darkness. It glows orange.
text: The IMAGE ZOOMS: Closest sensor in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S VOICE
text: The police have turned up Vincent Drive.
text: There's still time to get away.
speaker_heading: (SCENE) - GARTH
text: looks up from the scope. Diana stands near him, projected by
text: the shoebox.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I don't want you to get into trouble...
text: Garth swings the rifle around, lazily aims it at the shoebox.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know a way you can escape. If you'll
dialog: just trust—
text: Garth fires. The shoebox EXPLODES, its parts spinning away.
text: Diana DISAPPEARS.
text: Garth brings up the rifle scope.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTSCOPE - THE HALL
text: painted orange. The flash of the first round bleeds out
text: vision for a second. When it returns, Garth has moved the
text: sight to the next sensor, and fires.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: takes out the final three sensors.
text: Digs out a pair of nightgoggles.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Hate these goddamn things.
text: Pulls them on. Stands.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 40
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTGOGGLES - THE HALL
text: is bathed in a slightly different color.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: moves down the hall along one wall, looking up, pistol drawn.
text: He passes where he was knocked unconscious by the laser
dialog: beams.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTGOGGLES - THE CEILING
text: Laser weapons hang by wiring, destroyed.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: pulls off the nightgoggles, hangs them by the strap to the
text: unused pistol on his belt, wipes sweat away from his brow.
text: He moves back toward his camp at Jupiter's feet.
speaker_heading: JUPITER - GARTH
text: drops the goggles back into the pack, sits on the pedestal.
text: Taking a swig of water from his canteen:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: So, Jupiter, you're a god. What are you
dialog: going to do next?
dialog: (god's voice)
dialog: I'm going to Disneyland!
text: Garth sees the control panel door imbedded in the pedestal.
speaker_heading: GARTH'S FINGER
text: taps the panel open. A switch. He presses it.
scene_heading: THIRTY, EIGHT-YEAR-OLD KIDS
text: materialize at Jupiter's feet, several occupying the same
dialog: space as Garth.
text: Garth stands, walks around the 3-D projection.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A BEAM OF LIGHT from behind Jupiter's head is the source for
text: the PROJECTION, unlike the earlier Diana, the PLAYBACK of a
dialog: recording.
text: Diana greets the children. She wears a tunic similar to the
dialog: previous one, slacks, hair tied back, business yes, but
dialog: womanly, too.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Hello, boys and girls... My name is Diana
dialog: Logan.
text: An unseen teacher prompts:
speaker_heading: TEACHER'S VOICE
dialog: Kids — you know what to say.
speaker_heading: THE CHILDREN
dialog: Hello, Ms. Logan!
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I'm the Chief of Security of this
dialog: wonderful place... and I'm going to be
dialog: your guide today. Can any of you tell me
dialog: who Mr. Vincent is?
speaker_heading: THE CHILDREN
dialog: Me! Me!... I know!... I raised my hand
dialog: first!
text: Diana picks a shy little girl who has raised her hand.
text: Garth moves through the PROJECTIONS as if they're ghosts, or
dialog: he is.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Do you know?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Theodore Vincent is the richest man in
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yes, some people say that... It may even
dialog: be true... But the Mr. Vincent I know
dialog: loves art more than anything else in the
dialog: world. He built this residence so that
dialog: someday it can be converted into a
dialog: museum.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Just like the Getty!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Garth stops finally before Diana and studies her. This
text: PROJECTION is obviously a recording, and unaware of his
dialog: presence.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I'm not sure he would appreciate that...
dialog: but you're right... someday this
dialog: magnificent building will be like the
dialog: Getty, a museum for everyone to visit.
dialog: Today you're very lucky children, because
dialog: I'm going to show you what most kids
dialog: don't get a chance to see — the Vincent
dialog: treasures.
text: The children chortle their anticipation. The PROJECTION GOES
speaker_heading: DARK.
text: Leaving Garth standing in shadows.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: So that's what you were like... in life.
text: No one answers.
text: Garth shrugs off the mood, moves.
scene_heading: NOTEBOOK COMPUTER SCREEN - THE MANSION FLOORPLAN
text: The doors to either side of this hall lead to galleries, and
text: beyond, another hall.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: looks up.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Eenie-meenie-minie-moe...
scene_heading: AT BRONZE DOUBLE DOORS - GARTH
text: drops his pack and rifle, removes an explosive and places the
text: charge against the door, retreats ten feet.
speaker_heading: BOOM!
text: Garth opens the doors to the new gallery.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 43.
speaker_heading: THE GALLERY
text: is half as long as the hall. Life-size statues line the
text: corridor at ten-feet intervals.
text: Garth stands at the threshold, pack, rifle, ready.
text: Nothing moves in the darkness.
text: Something in Garth's hands: The remains of the shoebox
dialog: device.
text: Garth tosses the twisted metal far into the gallery.
scene_heading: MIDDLE OF GALLERY - A SEALED BEAM
text: is broken by the rolling shoebox.
text: DIANA AND HER THIRTY KIDS MATERIALIZE in the darkness.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: This gallery is called 'The Greek Room'
dialog: because the antiquities displayed here
dialog: originated in classical times. Does
dialog: anyone know what ‘classical’ means?
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: I do! I do!... No, me! Me!
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: watches the ghost show thirty yards distant.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: ‘Classic' means 50s rock'n'roll.
dialog: (begins singing: )
dialog: One-two-three o'clock, four o'clock
dialog: rock... five-six-seven o'clock, eight
dialog: o'clock rock...
dialog: (etc. )
text: Pulls the nightgoggles down over his eyes. Leans in to the
text: farthest line of the threshold, looks up.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S VOICE
dialog: -.. yes. ‘Classical’ means 'pre-
dialog: Christian,' or before the rise of
dialog: Christianity.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 44.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTGOGGLES - THE CEILING
text: Same TV sensors as before. Same laser weaponry.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S VOICE
text: In this room, there are statues and other
dialog: antiquities that were created by the
dialog: Greek civilization...
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: removes the goggles. Brings the rifle with nightscope up.
speaker_heading: FIRES.
scene_heading: FAR CEILING - CAMERA AND WEAPON
text: EXPLODE in a hail of sparks.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: steps back quickly as THREE LASER BEAMS STRIKE the inside
text: perimeter of the threshold.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S VOICE
dialog: ... Agamemnon, whose wife Helen was
text: stolen by Paris, son of Priam, King of
dialog: Troy, and so started the Trojan War...
dialog: This piece was fished out of the Bay of
dialog: Naples in 1887 and is believed to date
dialog: from the early second century B.C. ...
dialog: Who knows what 'B.C.' means?
dialog: (etc. )
text: Realizing that the ceiling weapons aren't designed to fire
text: outside the gallery, Garth steps forward to the threshold,
text: brings the rifle to his shoulder and FIRES THREE REPETITIONS.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (sotto - as he fires)
dialog: B.C?... Before Cher?... Before Cher there
dialog: was Sonny.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - FAR CEILING - THREE LASER DEVICES
text: EXPLODE in sequence.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 45
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: lowers the rifle.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S VOICE
dialog: ... that's right, ‘Before Christ.’
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: No! Wait! I didn't say, ‘Final answer.'
speaker_heading: DIANA'S VOICE
dialog: Although in recent years some people have
dialog: begun using the term, ‘Before Common Era’
dialog: or B.C.E. in deference to other cultures
dialog: or other religious beliefs.
dialog: (etc. )
text: This leaves the two camera/laser rifles located in the
text: ceiling directly above the threshold.
text: Garth dares to lean out, look up.
text: A LASER BEAM STRIKES, barely missing his head as he snaps
dialog: back.
text: Garth pulls the nightgoggles back over his eyes. Steeling
text: himself, Garth leaps into the gallery.
scene_heading: GALLERY - GARTH
text: leaps inside, rolling toward the nearest statue as LASER
text: BEAMS TRACE HIS PATH.
text: Garth pulls himself behind the silhouette of the statue as
text: THE BEAMS CEASE.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S VOICE
dialog: .--- believed to be a rendition of Paris,
dialog: who was so captivated by the beauty of
dialog: Helen that he absconded with her...
text: Garth counts silently, then rolls out with a PISTOL AND FIRES
text: into one corner, then the other.
text: The second round misses.
text: LASER FIRE STRIKES his body armor.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 46.
text: THE WRIST READ-OUT DROPS FROM 100 TO 61.
text: Garth drops to the floor and FIRES again.
text: The laser GOES DARK MID-FIRE.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: --. Hector, the greatest hero of Troy,
dialog: who fought Achilles, whose mother made
text: him almost invulnerable by dipping all
text: but his heel in a magical stream...
dialog: (etc. )
text: Garth tears the goggles off, sweating, breathing hard.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Maybe that's why women think guys are
dialog: heels.
text: Garth replaces his body armor battery with one from the pack.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: --. is Helen, as one ancient artist saw
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Shut up! Goddamn it!
text: The shout echoes through the marble hall.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: She's not very pretty...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: And she's naked!
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Well yes, beauty, it's said, is in the
dialog: eye of the beholder... and in art, the
text: human body is often depicted nude...
text: Gulping water from his canteen:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Christ...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: .-. have no more questions, I'll take you
dialog: to the next gallery, where we'll see...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: DIANA AND THE CHILDREN DISAPPEAR just as a REPAIRBOT SHOOTS
text: THROUGH THE IMAGE, whisking by to repair the door that Garth
dialog: just blew.
text: Garth turns and fires on instinct, sending the REPAIR DEVICE
text: BURNING, SPARKING AND SPINNING OUT OF CONTROL.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: with the nightgoggles shoved high onto his forehead, walks
text: down the gallery, carrying the pulse rifle lazily in one
dialog: hand.
text: The repairbot lies a jumble of twisted metal and smoking
dialog: circuit boards.
text: Helen stares down at him from her pedestal.
text: Garth stops to appraise her.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: That kid doesn't know anything, Helen...
dialog: You're a hotty.
text: Helen's pose does not change, although the flashlight in
text: Garth's hand shifts her shadows as he moves forward.
text: Garth crosses the sealed beam that activated the film before.
text: DIANA AND THE CHILDREN APPEAR.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: This gallery is called 'The Greek Room'
dialog: because the antiquities displayed here
dialog: originated in classical times. Does
dialog: anyone know what ‘classical’ means?
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: I do! I do!... No, me! Me!
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Oh, christ, not again...
text: ONE 3-D IMAGE OF DIANA STEPS THROUGH A SECOND 3-D IMAGE,
text: followed by a new shoebox projection device.
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: The controller is located in that panel.
dialog: You can turn the tour off.
text: Garth is conflicted. Could the panel be boobytrapped?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA (cont'd)
dialog: Well, I can't operate it. That's for
dialog: sure.
text: Garth steps to the wall, opens the panel, presses the 'stop'
dialog: button.
speaker_heading: TOUR DIANA
dialog: -.. yes. ‘Classical’ means 'pre-
dialog: Christian,' or before the rise of—
text: TOUR DIANA AND THIRTY CHILDREN ARE SWALLOWED WHOLE BY
scene_heading: DARKNESS.
text: Garth pivots and marches back to his ‘camp.'
text: Diana, and her shoebox, follow.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I'm alive. You're dead. That's all either
dialog: of us needs to know.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I know what I am.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You're a program, a doppelganger...
dialog: You're not real anymore.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I am a disembodied human being. Vincent
dialog: Enterprises developed a way to move my
dialog: consciousness into this computer... all
dialog: of it... me.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Are you sure?
text: Diana has no answer for this.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: That should be obvious.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Why haven't the police come? Why don't
dialog: they answer?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I told you — there are no police.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: What's happened to the world?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: The same as you... Worse.
text: Garth begins to gather up his equipment and supplies.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: If you go any further, you'll wish the
dialog: police came and stopped you.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: This facility is defended by a non-
dialog: commercial upgrade of a Vincent Embassy
dialog: Protection System — VEPS. In case you're
dialog: too ignorant to know what that means...
dialog: fully lethal defense systems. Killing
dialog: machines, Mr. ...
text: Garth brings the pulse rifle up.
text: The shoebox retreats into the darkness.
text: Diana BEGINS TO FADE, lose resolution, as the device
dialog: retreats.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: Please stop destroying my —
text: Garth fires.
speaker_heading: KABLOOM!
text: DIANA WINKS OUT.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - GARTH
text: finishes gathering his supplies, carts everything down the
dialog: gallery.
text: As he crosses the sealed beam mid-gallery:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Please stop destroying my mobile
dialog: projectors.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: WHERE THE TOUR DIANA ONCE STOOD, NOW THE CURRENT DIANA IS
speaker_heading: PROJECTED.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: They're inoffensive. They carry no
dialog: weapons.
text: Garth looks at her for a long moment.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You have a point. Get to it.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: My point is that I don't want you to die.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You care about what happens to me?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Of course I do...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: And your boss, Vincent... he cared when
dialog: he installed all these killing machines
dialog: to protect his expensive trinkets?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: He never expected to need them! He
dialog: installed them as a deterrent.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: So he never expected anyone to get
dialog: killed?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Or hurt someone, even?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Then I should be dodging blanks now...
dialog: You were Vincent's Chief of Security even
dialog: before you died, right?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 51.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You don't strike me as the kind of person
text: who winds up being Chief of Security.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It's a little late in my career to start
dialog: quibbling over qualifications, don't you
dialog: think?... But I have a masters degree in
dialog: police science.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You and Vincent were friends, correct?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You're trying to insinuate something.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: And you're a good looking woman... or
dialog: were.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (cynical grin)
dialog: You bastard!
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Not a new observation... So you were
dialog: lovers for awhile... then he rewarded
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I hope your death is quick and painless.
scene_heading: DIANA DISAPPEARS .
text: Garth grins.
speaker_heading: WHAM!
scene_heading: THE GALLERY DOORS
text: at the end of the hall slam open and a dozen flying mini-
text: helicopters bank through.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: yanks the
text: nightgoggles down, brings the rifle up.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTGOGGLES - THE FLYING MACHINES
text: carry fully functional weaponry from their undercarriages.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 52.
speaker_heading: (SCENE) GARTH
text: STARTS FIRING even as he leaps toward the statue of Helen.
text: PULSE BEAMS BEGIN FLASHING all around him.
text: CHOPPERS BEGIN FALLING, SPIRALING, EXPLODING AS THEY ARE HIT.
text: Garth hugs the base of the statue, believing that its
dialog: presence will protect him.
text: Until a pulse beam from a helicopter SLICES THE STATUE IN
speaker_heading: TWO.
text: Garth is without cover as the statue disintegrates above him.
text: Garth's weapon is on full automatic: Boom-boom-boom-boom..
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTGOGGLES - THE MINI-CHOPPERS
text: continue to swoop down, firing pulse beams. There are seven
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: checks his wrist read-out: 04.
text: Garth slams another battery into his body armor.
text: A PULSE ROUND SLICES THROUGH HIS ARM before the power jerks
text: on. He grimaces in pain.
text: Garth's rifle is empty. The read-out, in red: 0.
text: Garth tosses the rifle and pulls both S&W autopistols.
text: He swings the fully automatic pistols together, creating a
dialog: minigun, AND FIRES.
text: The remaining HELICOPTERS EXPLODE within the sweep of
text: bullets.
dialog: Silence.
text: Garth shakes marble dust from his clothing, kicks chunks of
text: Helen away. Part of her face lands on his shoulder. On his
dialog: look:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Must be a fake.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 53.
scene_heading: (SCENE) - RIFLE - GARTH
text: staggers out from the destroyed statue of Helen, retrieves
dialog: the weapon.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Now that wasn't so bad, was it?
text: Takes stock. His left arm is bleeding. Clothes ripped.
text: Hungry. Tired. Thirsty. Licking his dry lips, he turns to
text: retrieve his canteen —
text: WHEN A STREAM OF BULLETS HITS HIM, slip-sliding his body
text: uncontrollably across the floor.
speaker_heading: THE TANK
text: is little more than treads with a machine gun mounted on it,
text: now wheeling through the far open doors.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: slides behind the statue of Achilles. It must be real. The
text: bullets stop.
text: Garth pulls himself from a stupor, takes stock.
text: Arm still bleeding. Clothes still torn. Fingers move. Feet,
dialog: too.
text: Wrist read-out: 03. Another battery shot.
text: Garth reaches to pull a fresh battery from his belt, exposing
text: an arm WHERE BULLETS RIDDLE THE WALL AN INCH TO THE RIGHT.
text: Carefully now, he replaces the body armor battery.
text: The movement causes the machine gun to track him. Up-down,
text: left-right, servos whining. Only the statue keeps the unit
dialog: from firing.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S SHOEBOX
text: rolls up behind the tank, halts as if concerned about being
text: shot by Garth, then advances.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 54.
speaker_heading: DIANA MATERIALIZES
dialog: near Garth.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You're hurt.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You should apply direct pressure to that.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I said... GO AWAY!
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I know who you are.
text: Garth tries to stop the flow of blood by applying direct
text: pressure. He winces.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (preoccupied)
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You're Major John Garth, United States
dialog: Army Rangers. You were born in Pasadena,
dialog: California, in March —
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: So you found my goddamn records!
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Why is an honorable man like you breaking
dialog: into a private residence?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: There are no more honorable human beings
dialog: — just hungry ones.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Is that all? You're hungry? I can tell
dialog: you where there's food. Tons of it.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Tons of it?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Earthquake supplies. Wafers; cakes; MREs
dialog: — meals-ready-to-eat; bread; water;
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA (cont'd)
dialog: coffee — instant; coffee — drip; you name
dialog: it.
text: Garth moves slowly, watching the weapon track him.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: And you're going to show me how to get at
dialog: it... without getting my dick shot off.
text: Diana says nothing for a long moment. Then:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: If you drop your weapons, VEPS won't take
dialog: action against you.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You mean... if I surrender, I can walk
dialog: around here without being shot at?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No... You'll be taken into custody, held
dialog: for —
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: The police.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: That is the procedure.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: There is no police.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: So you say.
text: Garth shifts. The machine gun follows him, servos whining.
text: The statue continues to provide cover.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Why don't you just... turn the machines
dialog: off?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I can't do that.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Aren't you the Chief of Security? Aren't
dialog: you the soul of the machine? Why can't
dialog: you just stop shooting at me?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It doesn't work like that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Your mind controls everything, doesn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yes, but... the defensive equipment is
dialog: linked to my autonomic nervous system. I
dialog: can no more stop the defensive units than
dialog: I can stop breathing.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You aren't breathing. You're a goddamn
dialog: ghost.
text: Diana thinks about that for a second. Yes, that's exactly
dialog: what she is.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: My mind works the same way as when... I
dialog: was alive. That's why Mr. Vincent gave me
dialog: this opportunity, to remain... alive...
text: inside EnCrypt.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Where is Vincent, by the way?
text: Diana turns away, considering the question.
speaker_heading: (SCENE) GARTH
text: throws the spent battery.
text: The tank gun tracks the flight of the battery into the
dialog: darkness.
text: Garth leaps out from behind the statue and lands on the tank.
text: The tank gun barrel tries to find Garth, who stands above it,
text: beyond its tracking range.
text: Garth pulls a survival knife, begins to pry open the tanks's
text: metal access plate.
text: The tank's treads SQUEAL as it accelerates toward the nearest
text: unadorned wall. Garth hangs on, prying with the knife.
text: The tank slams into the wall, almost throws Garth, backs up,
text: slams into the wall again.
text: Garth clings to the machine gun barrel, yanks off the access
text: plate, stabs the knife deep into a row of circuit boards.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The tank SPITS SMOKE AND SPARKS, DIES.
text: Garth removes the ammo feeder, tosses it into the darkness.
text: Sucking for wind, sweat cascading from his skin, Garth eyes
text: Diana warily as she slowly walks to the tank.
speaker_heading: DIANA AND GARTH
dialog: study one another for a long moment before:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: If you can't shut the damn things off...
dialog: maybe you can warn me.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Warn you?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You know where everything is, don't you?
dialog: You know which machines are operational,
text: which ones are in stand-by mode, which
dialog: ones—
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Really, this whole question would be a
dialog: moot point... if you just surrendered.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: So you can hold me for the police?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Certainly. You have less to fear from
dialog: them...
dialog: (looking back toward the
dialog: darkness)
dialog: -.. than me.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: That might be a long wait.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: So you say.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You might save my life... if you briefed
dialog: me on what to expect.
text: Diana considers that possibility for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: This is not the pattern of a burglar. A
dialog: burglar would have taken something and
dialog: gone.
text: Garth merely looks at her image as it moves.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: If there really is no police, as you
dialog: say... then you've come to cut the power
dialog: and take everything. That...
dialog: (surveys him)
dialog: .-. is why I won't help you.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: If I cut the power, what becomes of you?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I will become what you say I already am.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Death as a blackout. I've feared worse
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Go now. Take whatever you find back
dialog: there. If you go forward, you won't
dialog: survive.
text: Garth retrieves his rifle, slides a fresh battery into it. It
speaker_heading: HUMS.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Yeah, I've heard that before, too.
text: Diana considers this exchange a moment, then DISAPPEARS.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S SHOEBOX
text: whines away into the darkness, passing through the opened
text: double doors at the end of the corridor.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: gathers up the rest of his equipment, drinks from the
text: canteen, limps back to the pack.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 59.
scene_heading: AEROSOL SPRAY SKIN
text: flows onto Garth's wound, sealing everything. Garth tosses
text: the can away, rips open a low-tech field bandage, gently
text: places it on the wound in his arm.
scene_heading: IN A CORNER OF THE GALLERY - GARTH
text: crumples against the wall. Depleted, he must rest.
text: An afterthought, he pulls the Automatic Defense Unit from the
text: pack, opens the panel, flicks it on.
speaker_heading: THE GUN
text: rises from its coffin-shaped container and enters 'ready'
text: mode, barrel poised to fire at any target that presents
dialog: itself.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: makes sure that he's within the four-foot fire-free zone
text: around the gun, then removes the gunbelt and makes himself
text: comfortable. He searches the pack for fast energy food. The
text: bite-sized snacks fall through his fingers like coins.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (reading labels)
text: Chicken gumbo... (tosses it)... Steak
dialog: Tartar with red dye number seven...
dialog: (tosses it)... allergic to red dye number
dialog: seven... Brandy Mousse...
dialog: (unwrapping the plastic)
text: Combat is getting elegant.
dialog: (chews - reacts)
dialog: Think ya got enough sugar in there,
dialog: Butch?
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER - GARTH
text: lies sleeping, head propped against the wall.
text: THE HALLS OF THE RESIDENCE
text: are long and dark.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 60
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Debris of combat gives way to shining floors and pools of
text: purple nebulae.
text: FLOAT THROUGH THE CORRIDORS
text: past Garth sleeping on the floor... into the gallery of
text: paintings... through opening doors into the gallery of
dialog: jewels... through more doors into other realms of historic
text: order... until a woman waits at the end of the gallery.
text: ELAINE is beautiful, with long, flowing red hair and skin the
text: color of porcelain. Her green-green eyes glow like emeralds,
text: her red lips not tainted by makeup but truly red, teeth as
text: perfect as creation before the end of Eden.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: stands before her. He is not wearing torn combat clothes, but
text: a suit styled by future hands.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: John... how I've wanted to hold you
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Elaine, let me take you home.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: (shaking her head 'no')
dialog: I have a different home now... Do you
dialog: know what became of me?
text: This is a question he would rather not contemplate.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I searched for you, Elaine, I did!
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: There was no food, Garth. There was
dialog: nothing. Our son was hungry. I kept
dialog: waiting for you to come, but... you
dialog: didn't. So I went out looking for food...
text: The market was empty. There were men
dialog: there, Garth. They raped me. Then they
dialog: butchered me and took my flesh to their
dialog: homes and fed their families with me.
dialog: This last thing I didn't mind. I saved a
dialog: child's life. At least, my body did.
dialog: Garth can take this story no more.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Elaine! God, no!
text: The pain is more than he can bare. Garth drops to his knees,
text: tears and snot and saliva spewing from him as he bellows his
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: (reaching to touch, but unable)
dialog: Don't mourn me, John. What's done is
dialog: done. But you're still alive.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I'm not alive, Elaine. None of us is
dialog: alive anymore!
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Yes you are. You owe it to those of us
dialog: who are dead — stay alive, John!
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY
text: Garth snaps awake beside the wall. Nothing has changed from
text: when he went to sleep. Except a haunting SOUND drifting from
text: a far place. Garth turns off the Automatic Defense Unit,
text: grabs his rifle, moves for the far double doors.
scene_heading: GALLERY OF PAINTINGS - GARTH
text: stops at the threshold, snaps the nightgoggles down, looks
dialog: in.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTGOGGLES - THE GALLERY OF LANDSCAPES
text: No sensors. No weaponry in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: pushes the goggles up, considers.
text: The haunting SOUND is closer, but still not close.
text: Garth leaps into a run down the gallery toward the noise.
text: As he passes a closed beam mid-gallery, DIANA AND HER THIRTY
text: CHILDREN APPEAR as 3-D projections.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: This, boys and girls, is the Gallery of
dialog: Landscapes...
dialog: (etc. )
scene_heading: THE GALLERY OF PORTRAITS - GARTH
text: stops at its threshold, flips the nightgoggles down, looks.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTGOGGLES - GALLERY OF PORTRAITS
dialog: Again no sensors, or weapons.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: advances into the hall. The SOUND is closer now, a haunting,
text: otherworldly wail.
text: Gath brings the pulse rifle up, checks the charge (100 in
dialog: green), advances.
text: The SOUND grows louder, louder yet, increasing in volume and
text: emotion, a noise so terrifying that its existence seems
dialog: impossible.
speaker_heading: A GHOST
text: floats through the far doorway and turns, heading toward
text: Garth. It is the corpse of a man, arms and legs dangling,
text: eyes glowing red, the wordless wail rising from its throat.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: grins.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Ah, a ghost...
text: Garth brings the pulse rifle up, takes his time aiming. He
speaker_heading: FIRES.
text: The ghost TWISTS IN THE HOLD OF SUCCESSIVE ROUNDS, writhing
text: and bellowing its unearthly, artificial SOUND until its
text: DISGUISE AS A GHOST LOSES DEFINITION AND THE MACHINE BEHIND
text: IT CAN BE PERCEIVED. It begins to falter.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 63.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - GARTH
text: is so preoccupied with the ghost that he doesn't see the man-
text: sized robot roll toward him from behind. The robot grabs him
text: with huge pincer-arms, causing Garth to drop the pulse rifle.
text: The robot's momentum carries them past the sealed beam which
scene_heading: ACTIVATES YET ANOTHER DIANA 3-D projection.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Okay guys, this is the fun gallery, at
dialog: least for me... These are all portraits
dialog: of real people from history...
dialog: (etc. )
text: Garth writhes in the hands of the robot, its STEEL FINGERS
text: CLOSING ON HIS BODY ARMOR, WHICH SPARKS WITH RESISTANCE.
text: Garth's single free hand slams against the robot's metal
dialog: skin, without effect.
text: Garth pulls the survival knife, rams it into a crevice in the
text: robot body, jerks it, snapping off the tip of the blade.
text: The robot turns with Garth's splayed body, moving for some
dialog: dark destination.
text: A last ditch effort, Garth slams the broken blade into one of
text: the paintings as they pass. The blade digs deep into the
text: canvas and is dragged an inch before the robot halts.
scene_heading: (SCENE) THE ROBOT'S SOULLESS EYES MEET GARTH'S
dialog: in crystal understanding: If the robot continues, Garth will
dialog: destroy the painting.
text: Moments pass as Garth's lungs suck air and sweat cascades
text: from his brow.
text: The blade moves a millimeter in the canvas flesh, a woman's
dialog: bosom.
text: The robot's eyes move to the painting, back to Garth.
text: One robot hand relaxes. On Garth's movement, the other.
text: Garth slowly pulls himself from the robot's grasp, steps
dialog: down.
text: While the steel hands are empty, GUN BARRELS LOCATED IN THE
text: ROBOT'S CHEST follow Garth's every movement.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Moments pass. Garth reaches for the fallen rifle.
text: The robot watches.
text: Garth's fingers almost make contact with the weapon. Will he
dialog: have to release the knife in order to retrieve the rifle?
text: Garth gives up, withdraws his hand... and extends a leg,
text: makes contact with the rifle.
text: The robot whirls and accelerates down the gallery, its tracks
text: squealing in retreat.
text: Garth releases the blade and retrieves the rifle, brings it
text: up to shoot.
text: The first round hits the retreating robot as IT WHISKS
text: THROUGH THE 3-D IMAGE OF DIANA AND HER CHILDREN like an
text: aircraft through clouds.
text: Garth FIRES AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN...
text: PULSE BOLTS STRIKE the robot repeatedly. It explodes in fire
text: and wanders off track, finally stopping altogether.
text: An unearthly SOUND makes Garth spin around.
speaker_heading: MORE GHOSTS
text: float across the threshold of the far gallery, each different
text: in its horrific representation — a child, a crone, a woman,
dialog: aman...
speaker_heading: (SCENE) GARTH
text: begins firing immediately.
text: So do the ghosts — PULSE BOLTS THAT STRIKE GARTH'S ARMOR AND
speaker_heading: FLASH.
text: The FIRST GHOST IS DESTROYED, the child.
dialog: The SECOND, the crone.
text: The THIRD, closing with Garth, DIES IN AN EXPLOSION of
text: metallic flesh.
text: But by the time he turns the pulse rifle on the fourth, the
text: woman, the rifle is depleted. Garth retreats.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 65
scene_heading: (SCENE) FOLLOW GARTH AND THE GHOST
text: as they move through the Gallery of Landscapes to the Gallery
text: of Roman Statues, Garth MERE FEET AHEAD OF THE SCREAMING
text: BANSHEE, SOMETIMES DODGING, AND SOMETIMES NOT DODGING THE
text: PULSE BOLTS the machine spits at him.
scene_heading: (SCENE) GALLERY OF STATUES - GARTH
text: dives for his waiting S&W pistols as the GHOST CONTINUES TO
text: FIRE PULSE ROUNDS at him.
text: Garth brings the PISTOLS UP AND STARTS FIRING.
text: The ghost ABSORBS THE ROUNDS AGAINST ITS METAL SKIN, its
text: ‘ghost' persona fading to reveal the stainless steel monster
dialog: beneath.
text: Both weapons are emptied of bullets.
text: The ghost floats menacingly before Garth for seconds, THEN
text: DROPS LIKE SCRAP TO THE FLOOR.
text: Garth sags to his knees, finally begins reloading the
dialog: weapons.
speaker_heading: ELAINE'S VOICE
dialog: No, don't, silly! No... No!
speaker_heading: 3-D ELAINE,
text: wearing jean cutoffs and a pull-over, STRUGGLES WITH AN
scene_heading: UNSEEN PERSON WHERE DIANA'S 3-D PROJECTION TOURED WITH
text: CHILDREN MINUTES AGO. This is not the idealized Elaine of
text: Garth's dream, but the real woman, capable of soil, sweat,
text: anger and tears.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Don't you dare!... You would not dare!...
dialog: Don't you do it!
text: Garth is too surprised to realize that this is a 3-D
text: PROJECTION. He twists, moves toward her.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Elly?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A garden hose APPEARS IN THE FILM PROJECTION... then a
text: younger Garth himself, who sprays Elaine. They are both
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Damn you, John Garth!
text: A LITTLE BOY RUNS UP with a bucket of water and splashes his
dialog: mother with it.
speaker_heading: ELAINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no! You! I'm going to get you!
text: Elaine chases her son farther into the backyard.
scene_heading: DIANA'S SHOEBOX AND DIANA
text: EMERGE THROUGH THE 3-D PROJECTION of Elaine and her family.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: The National Security computer in
dialog: Arlington, Virginia, is still up... Mr.
dialog: Vincent has a key... The satellite
text: communication system is still working.
text: Garth cares about none of this. Seeing Elaine again is far
dialog: more important than anything Diana could say.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: During your last security clearance
dialog: review... they placed you under
dialog: surveillance... shot some film of your
dialog: family.
text: The 3-D film of Garth's backyard is REPLACED BY A TREE-LINED
text: WALK. The boy runs ahead as Elaine and Garth stroll, hand-in-
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: You two look... wonderful... together.
text: Younger Garth and Elaine stop walking and steal a kiss.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened?
text: The images of Elaine and his son draw Garth's flesh forward,
text: where he topples to his knees beside them. Tears well in his
text: eyes. Finally:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: When the breakdown occurred... we were
text: visiting Elaine's mother in Santa Monica.
dialog: My father is dying of cancer. He lived in
dialog: Burbank. I went to get him. There were
dialog: riots, people killing each other,
dialog: fires... I was gone days. When I finally
dialog: got back... there was no one there.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You don't know what happened to your wife
dialog: and child?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: No.
scene_heading: The 3-D FILM ENDS.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that all there is?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Play it again!... PLAY IT AGAIN!
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No... unless you stop what you're doing
dialog: and —
text: WHAM! Garth FIRES AT DIANA'S SHOEBOX sending the device
text: flying in parts. DIANA DEMATERIALIZES.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Bitch!
text: Garth sits on his knees for moments, sweat and tears
text: commingling, breathing hard, trying to fathom what has become
dialog: of everything and everyone he loved.
text: DIANA REAPPEARS, projected by the tour lenses that previously
dialog: showed Elaine and Garth's son.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you know.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I was able to link with the national
dialog: weather satellites through the Arlington
dialog: computer... Yes, now I know.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Lower your security systems. Let Reich
dialog: steal all your trinkets. I'll take the
dialog: food, for the people... then you can go
dialog: back to what you —
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Because I can't. I told you. The security
dialog: devices are controlled through my
dialog: autonomic nervous system. They are as
text: automatic as breathing.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Then show me how to defeat them.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Because I'm not here to be your doormat.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: That earthquake food... it could feed a
dialog: lot of people, save a lot of lives.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: So you say...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: So I say? SO I SAY?! People are eating
dialog: each other out there!
text: Diana is stunned by this revelation, made mute by it.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: When was the last time you were hungry?
text: Diana can't answer that. So long ago, it seems forever...
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to take this place, like any
text: military objective — one obstacle at a
dialog: time... then I'm going to bring my people
dialog: up here and we're going to live off those
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: earthquake supplies until...
dialog: (dreaming of it, thinking of
dialog: it)
dialog: ++. until...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Until what?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Until I can think of something! We're not
dialog: going to die, not all of us! We're not
dialog: going to die!
text: But he is speaking to darkness. DIANA HAS GONE.
scene_heading: (SCENE) GARTH'S EQUIPMENT
text: lies in piles. He moves to retrieve it.
text: Slams a new battery into the pulse rifle.
text: Returns the pistol belt to his waist; slides the pistols into
text: holsters.
text: Shoves the Automatic Defense System into the pack.
text: Hefts everything, moves for the door.
scene_heading: GALLERY OF LANDSCAPES - GARTH
text: trudges through, makes an immediate right.
text: DIANA APPEARS BEHIND HIM.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: John Garth... why are you going that way?
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: Because all of the doors are unlocked...
dialog: (gestures toward Diana)
dialog: -.. that way.
scene_heading: FAR GALLERY DOUBLE DOORS - GARTH
text: drops his pack, removes an explosive, places it at lock-
text: level, stands back.
text: The EXPLOSION trips the lock. The door swings open.
text: Garth pulls the nightgoggles down, steps to the threshold.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 70
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTGOGGLES - THE GALLERY OF LIGHT CARVINGS
text: is unlike the other galleries. The statues glow. They are
text: lifelike, carved by laser light, an intermingling of
text: photography and sculpting, here magnified a thousand times by
text: the goggle's infrared.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: quickly shoves the nightgoggles from his eyes and rubs them.
text: DIANA MATERIALIZES before him, projected by a new shoebox.
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: This is the Gallery of Laser Carvings.
dialog: Everything in here is very fragile. If a
dialog: bullet were to hit a carving and cause a
dialog: short...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I sometimes feel the same way when a
text: bullet whizzes past my head.
text: Garth pushes through her into the gallery.
scene_heading: GALLERY OF LIGHT CARVINGS - GARTH
text: quickly checks the ceilings for sensors or laser rifles.
dialog: None.
text: Garth grabs his equipment, begins moving forward.
speaker_heading: THE STATUES
text: are 3-D projections of light carved by an artist to represent
text: life and projected up from a base. Think Kodachrome. Some of
text: the statues are modern and geometric. Others are almost
text: indistinguishable from life — a fawn, a waterfall, a soldier
text: in combat, lovers holding hands, others.
scene_heading: A STATUE OF A NUDE WOMAN
text: catches Garth's attention. He moves for the exhibit.
text: The statue is twice life size. She is gathering flowers to
text: her breast, a garland of flowers in her hair. Her expression
text: is one of rapt beauty, a representation of a woman at peace
text: in a peaceful world.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: It is Diana.
speaker_heading: DIANA AND GARTH
text: look up at the light carving.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (unconvincing)
dialog: I'm not ashamed of it.
text: Garth drops his packs, circles the statue, saying nothing.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: I was a graduate student at UCLA... Mr.
dialog: Vincent was one of the pioneers of laser
dialog: carving.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You can stop calling him 'Mr.' now.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (an outburst)
dialog: I'll call him any damn thing I want!...
dialog: (controlling herself)
dialog: ... He pursued me to model for him.
dialog: Finally, I relented.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Was he that good... or were you that
dialog: good?
text: Diana looks away angrily. Then:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Mr. Vincent's interest in me... exceeded
dialog: the professional. He was in love with me.
dialog: I never returned the affection.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You're lying.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: He bought you. He bought you with a job
dialog: and he bought you with a laser statue.
dialog: You want me to believe he didn't buy the
dialog: rest of you too?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Vincent's not the kind of guy who doesn't
dialog: get what he wants... unless...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Unless what?
dialog: Garth considers not going on. But:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: When you were diagnosed as terminal, did
dialog: you get a second opinion?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Of course I got a second opinion!
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Not one of Vincent's doctors?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No! What are you implying?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: He won you after all, didn't he? I mean,
dialog: he got to keep you, young and beautiful,
text: in his one-of-a-kind supercomputer...
dialog: never to grow old... never to die...
dialog: immortal and his, forever...
dialog: 
text: Diana charges Garth. Just as HER 3-D HAND WOULD MAKE CONTACT
text: with his face, SHE DISAPPEARS.
scene_heading: THE NEXT GALLERY DOORS
text: are also locked. Garth places the explosive, steps aside, and
text: the lock EXPLODES.
text: Garth flips the nightgoggles down, glances in.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - NIGHTGOGGLES - THE HALLWAY
text: is unadorned and relatively narrow, a real passageway.
text: No sensors in the ceilings, no weapons that can be seen.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: hefts his equipment and enters the hallway.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 73.
scene_heading: A FLASHLIGHT BEAM
text: slices the darkness. More doors, more hallway.
text: The flashlight swung in the opposite direction reveals
text: shining metal doors: An elevator.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: moves down the hall toward the elevator, flashlight beam
text: leading the way.
text: He drops the pack, surveys the elevator controls.
scene_heading: THE ELEVATOR CONTROLS
dialog: require both a key and a key card.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: drops the pack, removes the computer, runs a line from a rear
text: port to a card, inserts it into the card slot adjacent to the
dialog: elevator.
text: The computer begins running numbers through the card key.
text: Garth finds a small case in the pack, opens it: Burglary
dialog: tools.
text: Garth begins to pick the standard lock.
scene_heading: DIANA APPEARS BESIDE GARTH
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: So you're a common burglar after all?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (working)
dialog: Uncommon. For the CIA.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Fair play's poster children.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I'd argue the point... but it doesn't
dialog: really matter anymore, now does it?
text: Diana allows the vitriol to recede. Then:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: John, I don't want you to do this.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: John, is it? I hadn't realized we'd
dialog: become so chummy.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Well, you've seen me naked. I thought
dialog: that would count for something.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Get on with it.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: If you go downstairs... I can't protect
dialog: you.
text: Garth turns, gives her his full attention.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Protect me?!
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You don't really think you've defeated
dialog: all of our security systems by yourself,
dialog: do you? What if I had sent them all at
dialog: once?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No. It's not... John, listen to me —
text: downstairs is different. Mr. Vincent's
text: residence is there, the computer room,
dialog: the weapons storage bays... There's a
text: stand-alone system down there, fully
text: automated, a terrible killing machine
dialog: that —
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (returning to work)
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It's called The Rook. It was designed to
dialog: replace soldiers on the battlefield. It's
text: dormant now, in a state of suspension,
dialog: but as soon as your heat signature is
dialog: read on the bottom floor, The Rook will
dialog: activate and it will kill you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Garth searches her eyes for any signs of deception, then
text: realizes that he is looking at a machine projection. He
text: shrugs and returns to jimmying the lock.
text: The elevator door slides open.
text: Garth steps back. After a moment:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You're lying... First, your defense
dialog: mechanisms were designed to deal with
dialog: terrorists — plural — more than one.
text: They're set to activate individually, as
dialog: needed. That's why you didn't send them
dialog: all at once... Second, you'd say anything
dialog: — do anything — to keep me from going
dialog: down there. Am I right?
text: Garth gathers his equipment, turns away from the elevator.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: That elevator opened too easily... and
dialog: you control it.
speaker_heading: THE HIDDEN DOOR
text: is a panel in the wall. Garth finds it, presses it. It opens.
text: A stairwell leading down.
text: Garth flips the nightgoggles down, takes a look:
speaker_heading: THE STAIRWELL
text: hides no weapons.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: hefts his equipment, enters.
scene_heading: STAIRWELL - GARTH
text: descends the steps quickly, flashlight beam leading the way.
text: At the landing, Garth tries the door. Locked. He'll have to
dialog: blow it.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 76.
speaker_heading: THE LOCK IGNITES
text: and the door swings ajar.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: swings the door open with the barrel of his pulse rifle,
dialog: revealing:
scene_heading: THE VINCENT RESIDENCE
text: is a cavernous room, a vast "pleasure dome" to compare with
text: Kublai Khan's. Laser statuary, nudes mostly, illuminate the
text: shadows, a glowing Christmas tree effect. Fountains and ponds
text: divide the real estate, a waterfall across the room defines
text: it. There are park benches, grassy knolls, trees hanging low
text: with weighted boughs, jutting boulders, and room enough to
text: live forever unencumbered by petty problems.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S SHOEBOX
text: rolls to the open door. Diana's IMAGE PROJECTS out.
text: Garth remains across the threshold.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Don't do this. The moment you enter, The
dialog: Rook will be activated.
text: Garth snorts with disbelief and enters.
text: Dazzling lights flash on the moment he crosses the threshold.
scene_heading: THE VINCENT ARMORY - A ROOK,
text: a humanoid creature with steel skin lies immersed in a wall
text: tableau, art and war meeting in bas relief.
text: Its eyes open, red pupils scanning.
scene_heading: THE VINCENT RESIDENCE - GARTH
text: drops his packs, lowers the rifle to the floor, dazzled by
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Vincent certainly knew how to live,
dialog: didn't he?
text: Diana says nothing, but her image follows him.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Where'd he sleep?
text: Diana gestures: Over there.
scene_heading: THE VINCENT BEDROOM
text: is not delineated by walls. A huge bed seems to grow out of a
text: giant oak, its mattress almost like a meadow of green.
text: Overhead, man-made stars twinkle even in room light.
text: Garth wanders up a lane toward it, eyes taking in everything.
scene_heading: THE VINCENT ARMORY - THE ROOK
text: moves minutely as below it a computer screen flashes: ROOK
scene_heading: INITIATING PROTOCOL - INTRUDER ALERT.
scene_heading: THE VINCENT BEDROOM - GARTH
text: touches the oak bed. It feels like real wood, with no rough
dialog: edges.
text: Diana's shoebox projector follows, as does she.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: When you have this kind of money... this
dialog: kind of power... I guess you can have
dialog: anything you want.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Mr. Vincent was known for his
dialog: imagination.
text: A quarter-sized statue of a nude man and woman in embrace
text: stands near the bed. Garth touches it and the two come to
text: life and begin to make love.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You didn't pose for this one too?
text: Coital cries erupt from them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Touch it again. Please.
text: Taking a close look at the woman's body.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: She looks a little like you... here and
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Touch it again! Please!
text: Garth touches the light statue and it returns to its
text: point and freezes.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (gesturing other statuary)
dialog: Who were all these people?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Mr. Vincent had many lovers.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: The man in the sculpture... that was
dialog: Vincent?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No... maybe... I don't know! Please leave
dialog: here! Now! I'1l do what I can to stop
dialog: anything from happening to you, but
dialog: you've got to get out of here now.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: For a woman who's spent the last twenty
dialog: years inhabiting this place, you don't
dialog: seem to know a lot about it.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I don't spend that much time in the
dialog: residence.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: Privacy. A matter of privacy.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Yours... or Vincent's?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: BOTH! You've got to go!
text: Garth merely looks at her.
scene_heading: DIANA DISAPPEARS .
scene_heading: THE VINCENT ARMORY - DIANA
text: MATERIALIZES beside the Rook. Mist flows from around the
text: creature, which was in cryogenic stasis. Its body temperature
text: is rising.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: EnCrypt, this is Diana One Seven One Six
dialog: Theta Theta Six. Rook activation
text: override. Cease activation immediately.
speaker_heading: ENCRYPT VOICE
dialog: You are not authorized...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Emergency override! Cancel activation
dialog: now!
speaker_heading: ENCRYPT VOICE
dialog: You are not authorized.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Damn it!
scene_heading: VINCENT'S RESIDENCE - GARTH
text: has reclined on a knoll, drinking and eating.
text: DIANA MATERIALIZES beside him.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: The Rook is activated! It's coming!
text: Garth observes her coolly for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: If you're so concerned about my welfare,
dialog: then tell me how to protect myself
dialog: against this machine.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I can't! I can just warn you to go!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 80
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Why should you care so much about me?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You're a human being, aren't you? You're
dialog: alive. You can't appreciate life until
dialog: you've lost it.
text: The admission impacts Garth. He sits up.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: If you can't tell me how to defeat this
dialog: thing, then tell me about it.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: The Rook is a fully autonomous combat
text: operative. Its body armor is five times
dialog: more effective than the obsolete armor
dialog: you wear. This model has been programmed
dialog: to kill with its hands, to protect
dialog: property. It will tear your head from
dialog: your body.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What are its weaknesses?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It has no weaknesses!
text: A BOOM SOUNDS distantly.
scene_heading: A HALLWAY - THE ROOK
text: slams through a set of doors moving fast.
scene_heading: RESIDENCE - GARTH
text: stands, retrieves his rifle, the pack.
scene_heading: HALLWAY - THE ROOK
text: is running now, inexorable, unstoppable.
scene_heading: (SCENE) RESIDENCE & STAIRWELL - GARTH
text: moves quickly to within ten feet of the entrance to the
text: stairwell. The shoebox and Diana follow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Garth retrieves several bricks of C-4 from the pack, tosses
text: the pack through the door, begins kneading the plastique
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Run now! Do it! Leave!
text: Garth finishes kneading the C-4 into a glob the size of a
text: baseball, tucks it away in a pocket, brings the rifle up.
text: A BOOM SOUNDS, closer.
text: The Rook enters the residence at full run, already targeted
dialog: against Garth.
text: Garth brings the rifle within his sights and BEGINS FIRING at
dialog: full automatic.
text: Boom-boom-boom-boom! The pulse BOLTS STRIKE THE ROOK without
dialog: effect.
text: The Rook leaps obstacles and continues forward with
text: inexorable power.
text: Garth's pulse rifle empties.
text: The Rook hits Garth at full tilt, slaps the rifle away,
text: shoves him back, fingers reaching for Garth's throat.
text: Garth resists the creature's hands. His BODY ARMOR SPARKS as
text: it cycles toward depletion.
text: Momentum carries Garth through the doorway and into the
dialog: stairwell.
text: The Rook pushes Garth into the wall, fingers encircling his
text: neck, ARMOR SPARKING.
text: Garth struggles to bring his hand containing the C-4 up. The
text: plastique falls.
text: The compressive force of the Rook's hands begin to strangle
text: Garth through the armor.
text: Garth struggles, reaching for the C-4 on the ground. It's
text: inches away.
text: The Rook's red eyes bore into Garth, programed hatred.
text: Garth begins to gag.
text: The shoebox scoots into the stairwell. DIANA PROJECTS. She
text: sees Garth's fingers reaching for the plastique.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Diana's eyes lock with Garth's. An empathy passes between
dialog: them impossible for the Rook to understand.
text: The shoebox accelerates into the C-4, sending it rolling into
text: Garth's hand.
text: Garth slaps the C-4 onto the Rook's back.
text: His other hand reaches for a battery in his beltpack.
text: Garth's BODY ARMOR WRIST READ-OUT: 33... 26... 19... 15...
dialog: ll...
text: Garth's fingers pull a battery from the beltpack.
text: The Rook's red eyes bore in.
text: Garth slaps the battery into the C-4.
text: A LIGHT WRENCHING EXPLOSION.
scene_heading: STAIRWELL - DIANA
text: seems to kneel beside Garth.
text: Garth pulls himself up to his elbows, checks his body armor.
scene_heading: INSERT - BODY ARMOR WRIST READ-OUT: 00.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: retrieves a battery from his belt, renews the body armor —
text: HUMMM — tries to stand, slips, finally reaches his feet.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Where is it?
text: Diana gestures toward the end of the stairwell.
text: Garth staggers several steps in that direction, stops.
speaker_heading: (SCENE) THE ROOK
text: pushes debris from his body and sits up.
text: Garth draws the two Smith and Wessons. By the time HE'S
text: FIRING the Rook is moving on him.
text: Garth retreats up the steps.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Its body armor blown, the Rook's chest RECEIVES THE BULLET
text: ROUNDS like darts through Playdough.
text: Garth EMPTIES THE PISTOLS, has no time to reload.
text: The Rook grabs Garth's ankles and crawls up his fallen body.
text: Garth plunges his damaged survival knife deep into the Rook's
text: bullet-pocked chest. No effect.
text: The Rook's hands close around Garth's neck.
text: Garth slams the knife repeatedly into the machine's body.
dialog: Nothing.
text: Beneath the Rook's flesh bio-mechanical devices ooze and
text: revolve, levers pushing limbs.
text: Garth's fingers reach for the railing, something to push
dialog: against, to rise. No.
text: The Rook's fingers close about Garth's neck.
text: Garth has lost control of the knife, which sticks from the
text: Rook's chest, its metal blade fostering sparks inside the
dialog: machine.
text: Garth grabs the knife handle, pulls, loses it, pulls again,
text: again, finally dislodging the knife.
text: The Rook squeezes Garth's neck, twisting, trying to wrench
text: his head from his body. Garth gags.
text: Garth's body armor wrist gauge reads 23... 17... 14... 09...
text: Garth raises the knife and plunges it deep into the Rook's
dialog: head.
text: The Rook's eyes go wide, then fail.
text: The Rook falls from Garth's body, tumbles down the steps,
text: bursts into flames.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: gasps for air, sucking oxygen into his lungs like water
text: through a busted dam. After several long moments he staggers
text: to his feet and descends the stairs, stepping carefully
text: around the Rook's burning torso.
text: Diana waits at the foot of the steps.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Are there any more where he came from?
text: Diana looks at the carnage a moment before:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: None that are on line.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Then I've defeated every security device?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: In the residence, there was only this
dialog: one...
text: Garth steps past her.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT - A BATTLEFIELD - MEN AND WOMEN
text: are advancing from debris hole to debris hole, weapons
text: readied, some FIRING, as EXPLOSIONS pound the earth around
dialog: them.
scene_heading: AT THE RAMPARTS - THE POLICE
text: among others are returning fire. Clearly, they are outgunned.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT - A PROMONTORY - REICH'S HELICOPTER
text: sits tied down against the wind. A man makes his way to the
text: chopper, pulls the door open: LaPiere.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CHOPPER - REICH
text: looks up. The cockpit is filled with an operatic aria.
dialog: Turning it down:
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
text: Dodge reports the Conlan woman is moving
dialog: against him. He thinks its the main
dialog: force. He doesn't think he can hold...
dialog: They could be here in two hours.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: You tell Dodge he has to hold! Get every
dialog: hand to stand by. We'll wait for Garth to
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REICH (cont'd)
dialog: radio in, but one way or the other, we're
dialog: taking Casa Vincent tonight!
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT - THE RESIDENCE - VINCENT'S BED
text: provides a landing spot for Garth's body. His equipment lies
dialog: nearby.
text: Diana's image seems to sit down beside him. After a moment of
dialog: recovery:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You're on my side now, is that the idea?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Is that all you've come to do, steal?
text: Garth considers the question a moment.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: Vincent was supposedly on the verge of a
dialog: discovery that would return the earth to
dialog: its original weather pattern. Do you know
dialog: anything about that?
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: That secret is supposed to be contained
dialog: in Vincent's computer... in you.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I'm not the computer. I just live in
dialog: it... But no, I'm not aware of anything
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Can you access the computer?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: There were things Mr. Vincent didn't want
dialog: me to know... business secrets,
dialog: accounting spreadsheets, his personal
dialog: correspondence. Other things.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Look.
text: Diana's eyes shut. When they open:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Nothing about any research on weather.
text: There are vast amounts of files that are
text: encrypted.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Can you decrypt them?
dialog: Diana would rather not answer the question. She's
dialog: obfuscating:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No... I can't.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Maybe I can...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No. You wouldn't stand a chance. Let me
dialog: take you to the earthquake supplies.
dialog: There must be a ton of food. It's located
text: in the subbasement.
text: Garth realizes that she's holding back. He stands, gathers
dialog: his equipment.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's this way...
text: But Garth strides out in the opposite direction, deeper into
dialog: the residence.
scene_heading: WALK WITH GARTH
text: as Diana comes up to parallel him.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You're going the wrong way.
text: Garth slams through the doors leading to a corridor.
text: On the left, the armory, behind locked doors.
speaker_heading: IN THE ARMORY
text: cool as a mausoleum in the shadowy dark, where there are row
text: upon row of weapons systems, dormant but operable.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 87.
scene_heading: HALLWAY - GARTH
text: presses on.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You mustn't go in there.
text: Garth ignores her.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: If you go in there you'll set off the
dialog: final defensive system! Listen to me!
scene_heading: THE DOUBLE DOORS
text: are massive. A sign reads: EnCrypt.
text: Garth drops his pack, removes the notebook computer, begins
text: picking the locks.
scene_heading: MINUTES LATER - THE DOORS
text: swing open.
text: Diana stands in Garth's way.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Please... I'm begging you, don't...
text: Garth pushes through her.
text: THE COMPUTER ROOM IS VAST
text: A machine of a million parts, pulsing, alive, a sentient
text: thinking machine.
text: At its center is a couch preformed to accommodate the human
dialog: body.
text: In it, THE CORPSE OF A MAN.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - DIANA
text: stands by the corpse.
text: Garth approaches, stunned.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Vincent?
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me what happened.
text: Tears well in her eyes. She fights them.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I... murdered him.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Why?
text: Diana looks away. Moments fall like broken glass to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: (a shout)
speaker_heading: WHY?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Over the months that he was a recluse
dialog: here, he... changed. I know why now. He
dialog: never told me about the collapse... out
dialog: there. He never said, "Diana, the world
dialog: is ending." I thought Mr. Vincent had
dialog: accepted the fact that I wasn't attracted
dialog: to him...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: VINCENT'S LAB - VINCENT
text: sits working at a computer station, fingers rippling across
text: the keyboard. He stops.
text: DIANA PROJECTS nearby.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Mr. Vincent, you asked for me?
text: Vincent turns to look at her appraisingly, foot to head.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: There's just the two of us now, Diana...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Sir?
text: Thoughts cascade through his mind and out onto his
dialog: expression. Finally:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: What are you wearing?
text: Diana looks down at herself. Tunic. Slacks.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Business clothes. As usual.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Take them off.
text: Stunned, for some moments Diana can say nothing.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Mr. Vincent, this wasn't part of our
dialog: agreement.
text: Vincent's fingers return to the keyboard.
scene_heading: DIANA'S CLOTHES DISAPPEAR.
scene_heading: RESUME DIANA IN PRESENT
text: as she recounts the story to Garth.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I was a disembodied human being...
dialog: Vincent could recreate me any way he
dialog: wanted inside the computer... make me do
dialog: things... make me feel things... Even so,
dialog: it wasn't enough.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: THE VINCENT LAB - VINCENT
dialog: types data into EnCrypt.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S NARRATION
dialog: Vincent intended to transfer his
text: consciousness into the computer, to bring
dialog: us together.
text: Diana pleads with Vincent.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Don't do this! You'll die!
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (cynically)
dialog: Sweet Diana — always the humanitarian!
dialog: What you don't know — I'm dead already!
dialog: But in there...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Taylor 89.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 90
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VINCENT (cont'd)
dialog: (gestures EnCrypt)
dialog: ++. I'll be immortal and I'1l have you
dialog: forever!
speaker_heading: DIANA'S NARRATION
dialog: I knew by this time what he meant by
dialog: ‘have' me. He would rape and debase me
dialog: for all eternity.
text: Finishing the preparations, Vincent lies down on the
text: recliner, pulls the pincer nodes down so they touch his brow.
speaker_heading: DIANA'S NARRATION (CONT'D)
dialog: Vincent allowed me full control of the
dialog: operational functions of EnCrypt... so I
dialog: overloaded the system. I murdered him...
text: The EnCrypt MACHINE GOES WILD, SPARKS FLITTING. Vincent
text: fries.
scene_heading: RESUME PRESENT - DIANA
text: continues to remember the night she killed Vincent.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You didn't murder him... You protected
dialog: yourself. Justifiable homicide.
text: Diana listens. She's not so sure.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I'll help you get what you want, just...
dialog: you have to promise me something.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: When you're done... you'll kill me.
dialog: (on Garth's searching look:)
dialog: I've been alone for twenty years. I can't
dialog: stand to be alone any longer, so kill me.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: That was the plan from the beginning...
dialog: Show me how to access Vincent's files.
scene_heading: GARTH OPENS VINCENT'S DEAD HAND
text: to reveal a detailed tattoo.
text: Diana watches from five paces away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: Put it palm down on the scanner. The
dialog: system requires both the image and a DNA
dialog: match. His DNA may be dusty, but it's
dialog: there.
text: Garth must twist Vincent's body out of the couch for the hand
text: to reach the nearby scanner.
text: A band of light reads the drawing.
text: A 3-D PROJECTION OF A COMPUTER SCREEN
text: fills the room. File names scroll down.
text: Garth approaches the screen. Bars of light like venetian
text: blinds cross his features.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Do any of these names mean anything to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Do a 'Search.' These are Vincent's files.
dialog: I can't do it for you.
text: Garth faces the keyboard, types in SEARCH:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Search for what?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Try ‘weather.'
text: Garth types in WEATHER.
scene_heading: VINCENT ARMORY - TWO VATS OF INERT LIQUID,
text: one green, one yellow, rest above an empty container.
text: The LIQUIDS SUDDENLY EMPTY into the container, mixing.
text: Three LASER BEAMS JET OUT to warm the liquid.
text: The liquid begins to move.
scene_heading: RESUME COMPUTER ROOM - GARTH
text: watches new files list on the screen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Here we go.
text: Diana looks over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Wait. What's that?
dialog: She points.
scene_heading: THE SCROLLING WORDS - A NAME
speaker_heading: among many others: PRAETOR
speaker_heading: GARTH AND DIANA
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What's Praetor?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Not what — who. My doctor. Bring up the
dialog: file.
text: Garth types in PRAETOR and presses RETURN.
text: A RECORDED IMAGE FILLS THE SCREEN:
scene_heading: EXT. DAY - A SIDEWALK CAFE - VINCENT & PRAETOR
text: sit at a table. DR. PRAETOR is a man whose persona sings
text: confidence and believability. Vincent looks 20 years younger
text: than he did in Diana's last recounting.
speaker_heading: PRAETOR
dialog: Let's get right down to it — I won't do
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: PRAETOR
dialog: You damn well know what I mean. Diana
dialog: Logan. This is tantamount to murder. It's
dialog: unethical and I won't be a part of it.
text: Vincent's gaze drifts about, looking for a camera... until he
dialog: looks DIRECTLY AT YOU.
text: Vincent smiles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I'm aware that you're recording this.
speaker_heading: PRAETOR
dialog: I won't do it!
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You will bring me the disc.
speaker_heading: PRAETOR
dialog: There's nothing wrong with her!
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You'll bring me the disc... or you'll pay
dialog: the price!
speaker_heading: PRAETOR
dialog: She's not sick! She's not going to die!
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: BRING IT TO ME!
text: The recording ends.
scene_heading: GARTH WATCHES AS DIANA
text: staggers back.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: There was nothing wrong with me...
text: Diana looks over at Vincent's mummified cadaver, hand
text: reaching out as if beckoning for her.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: You were right... You were right!
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Diana...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: He murdered me... I was a young woman. I
dialog: wanted children. I wanted a life...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You took your revenge on him.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No... NO! He deserved what I did to him.
dialog: I didn't deserve THIS!
text: The hollow SOUND of the computer lab echoes her words.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: DIANA DISAPPEARS .
scene_heading: VINCENT ARMORY - A CREATURE
text: is forming in the vat. Amoeba-like. Constantly changing. A
text: tentacle becomes an arm... becomes a hand reaching for the
text: lid... pushes it away... it clatters to the floor... the
text: beast rises.
scene_heading: COMPUTER ROOM - GARTH
text: stands alone in the cavernous room. Diana is gone. Shaken, he
text: gradually turns to the computer.
text: Garth reviews more files.
text: One catches his attention: CONGRESS.
text: Garth activates it.
scene_heading: THE PROJECTION OF VINCENT
text: that Garth stares up at is twice life-size. Vincent's
text: luxurious office can be seen behind him.
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen of Congress... the
dialog: plan you are about to review, if
dialog: implemented, will return the earth's
dialog: weather pattern to what it was forty
dialog: years ago... Vincent Industries has
dialog: invested countless hours...
dialog: (shared amusement)
dialog: — and my substantial fortune — in
text: developing a new kind of flora, a plant
dialog: with an unusual by-product...
scene_heading: VINCENT ARMORY - THE AMOEBIC CREATURE
text: overflows the vat and lands with a splat onto the floor. It
text: begins to undulate.
scene_heading: THE COMPUTER ROOM - GARTH
text: continues to observe the Vincent presentation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 95
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
dialog: +-. a hydroflourocarbon-eating micro-
dialog: organism transmitted by the wind and
text: capable of returning the ozone layer to
dialog: its previous state within a decade. Once
text: the ozone layer is re-established...
scene_heading: VINCENT ARMORY - THE BEAST
dialog: pauses at
text: a door, its pulsating globular flesh hesitant...
text: before it rises and reshapes itself into an imperfect mimic
dialog: of a human being.
scene_heading: THE COMPUTER ROOM - GARTH
dialog: watches Vincent.
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
dialog: ++. global warming will be reduced, and
dialog: gradually the storms which have plagued
dialog: our planet will decline in potency...
dialog: (etc. )
text: DIANA APPEARS beside Garth.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: John, something's coming.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What? What something?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I don't know. I've never seen it before.
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
dialog: The glaciation which has increased in
dialog: recent years in the far northern and
dialog: southern hemispheres due to the increased
dialog: cloud cover will...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What do you mean you've never seen it
dialog: before?
text: Diana has no answer.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: In the armory.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
text: ++. gradually recede. Now there is a
dialog: price to be paid for these miracles. The
dialog: Vincent plant will affect agriculture.
text: The plant is aggressive and can't discern
dialog: between wild and cultivated land...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What does it look like?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Like a man... then not.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Let me see it.
text: Diana sends the video feed to a monitor.
scene_heading: MONITOR - THE AMOEBIC CREATURE
text: stands like a man before the door, barely seen in the
dialog: shadows.
scene_heading: RESUME COMPUTER ROOM - GARTH & DIANA
text: stare at the screen.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: It's a man.
text: Suddenly the creature TRANSMORPHS into something ghastly and
text: inhuman, and reforms as a man.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Vincent has another weapons system, one
dialog: you don't know about.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Well, fuck him!
scene_heading: THE GALLERIES - PORTALS
text: open and disgorge flying miniature helicopters, ghosts, tanks
text: and robots which move quickly in a single direction.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 97.
scene_heading: FOLLOW THE CHOPPERS
text: as they careen through the galleries... down the corridor
text: toward the elevator... bank left down the stairwell... and
text: into the residence.
text: Ghosts, tanks and robots follow.
scene_heading: VINCENT ARMORY - THE AMOEBIC CREATURE
text: flings a globular portion of itself at the door.
text: The door BEGINS TO CHANGE, RIPPLING AND UNDULATING... then
text: opens itself before collapsing. The globular residue returns
dialog: to Mother.
scene_heading: THE COMPUTER ROOM - GARTH
text: retrieves his rifle and equipment as Vincent's projected
text: image continues its presentation.
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
dialog: --. lack of concentrated crops means a
dialog: decline in yield of over fifty percent
dialog: lasting for more than two decades.
dialog: However, this change is temporary. The
dialog: new plant has been bio-engineered to self-
dialog: destruct after thirty generations...
text: Garth sees that Diana is standing absolutely still, her eyes
text: staring far off, elsewhere, directing the battle in the
dialog: armory.
scene_heading: VINCENT ARMORY - THE AMOEBIC CREATURE
text: turns as dozens of miniature helicopters veer into the room
dialog: and head for it.
text: The CREATURE DISSOLVES TO THE FLOOR and separates into dozens
text: of smaller globules, which dash for every corner of the room.
scene_heading: THE COMPUTER ROOM - GARTH
text: reaches out to almost touch Diana.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Diana?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: THE VINCENT ARMORY - THE CHOPPERS
text: fire at the small globular creatures, which respond by
text: flinging portions of themselves back.
speaker_heading: A CHOPPER
text: is slimed by the Ameobic creature. The chopper begins to
text: alter immediately. Its blades warp and slow, its metal sag,
text: and it drops from the sky.
speaker_heading: THE BATTLE
text: The choppers FIRE. PULSE BEAMS CRISS-CROSS THE ROOM.
text: The AMOEBAS FLING BACK.
text: Ghosts join the melee.
text: Robots and tanks wheel into the room.
scene_heading: COMPUTER ROOM - DIANA
text: stands in a trance, concentrating every resource at
text: commanding the battle.
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
dialog: +». small price to pay for a return to a
dialog: normal Earth in less than fifty years —
dialog: one trillion dollars... in gold... in
dialog: advance.
scene_heading: VINCENT ARMORY - THE BATTLE
text: continues to rage. CHOPPERS CAREEN AND CRASH. GHOSTS HOVER
text: AND EXCHANGE FIRE WITH THE GLOBULES. ROBOTS ROLL OVER THE
scene_heading: SMALL MASSES OF GOO AND ARE TRANSFORMED BY THEM. LASER BEAMS
scene_heading: CRISS-CROSS THE ROOM.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: the final chopper crashes.
text: The final ghost falls from the air.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: AN AMOEBA
text: joins another. Then another. Then another.
scene_heading: THE CENTER OF THE ROOM
text: where the beast rejoins and rises into a mockery of a human
text: being, imperfect as Frankenstein's monster, ghastly.
scene_heading: COMPUTER ROOM - DIANA'S
text: eyes focus on the here and now.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I failed.
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
dialog: Now I know that Congress is busy
dialog: currently... Cities are burning...
dialog: there's rioting in the streets... but I
dialog: must demand an immediate response.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I watched on the monitor.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It's coming, John.
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
dialog: I am prepared on notice of your
dialog: commitment to release a billion bio-
text: engineered seeds into the next passing
dialog: storm...
text: Garth turns back to the computer station.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Did he release the seeds?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I'm locked out. Release his data to me.
dialog: Here, input this command.
text: Large symbols appear in front of Vincent's projected face.
text: Garth inputs the code.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VINCENT'S IMAGE
dialog: I await your confirmation...
text: File names reel up past Vincent. THE FILES BEGIN TO OPEN, ARE
scene_heading: DISCARDED, ARE REPLACED BY OTHERS, COMPUTER FAST. DOCUMENTS,
scene_heading: FILMS, BLUEPRINTS.
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: The seed pods are located on the roof...
dialog: They haven't been activated.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: The federal government collapsed before
dialog: it could respond... Why didn't he release
dialog: them?
text: Diana doesn't say.
speaker_heading: GARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: (a shout)
speaker_heading: WHY?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Because the bastard wasn't paid!
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: He allowed the world to be destroyed...
dialog: because he wasn't paid?
text: Diana's expression almost asks: He allowed me to die, didn't
dialog: he?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Maybe there's something wrong with the
dialog: seeds. Check his data.
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: John, the creature is approaching...
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I DON'T CARE!... Check the files.
text: Diana's eyes close. The HUM of the great computer's synaptic
text: circuits fills the room. ON THE PROJECTED SCREEN, file names
text: stream down at an unreadable rate. Graphs, blueprints,
text: representations of the new plant's DNA flicker into and out
dialog: of existence. Then:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: According to the research, the new bio-
dialog: engineered plant should work as
dialog: advertised.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Release the seeds! Now!
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: John, the creature is just outside that
dialog: door.
text: Garth rushes the command console.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: I'll do it! Show me how!
text: Diana pulls her gaze away from the door just as its color
text: begins to change.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I can't. It's a temporary device. Vincent
dialog: didn't integrate it with the rest of the
dialog: systems. You'll have to set it off
text: manually, from the roof.
speaker_heading: THE DOOR
text: changes color, ripples, opens as it sags. The amoebic
text: globules that deteriorated the door reunite with the
dialog: creature.
scene_heading: COMPUTER ROOM (SCENE) - GARTH AND DIANA
text: react as the creature slithers/walks into the room. The
text: creature struggles to hold its human form, twisting,
text: undulating until... VINCENT'S EVIL GRIN appears on its face.
text: Startled, Diana almost screams.
text: Garth switches his rifle to full auto and sprays the amoeba,
text: causing it to splatter against the far wall.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: It was Vincent!
text: But Diana sees this awful creature for what it is.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No... Vincent must have used a subset of
dialog: his own DNA to create it. Nothing that
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA (cont'd)
dialog: small could carry the entire
text: consciousness of a human being.
text: The amoeba begins to reform, the splattered matter oozing
text: across the dark floor and down the distant walls to
text: reassemble.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Diana — stairs to the roof?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Far end of the room. Go!
text: Garth grabs his equipment, turns to leave:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Shut off the surface to air missile
text: batteries on the roof.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Just do it!
text: Diana gestures assent. They share a brief moment eye-to-eye,
text: then Garth turns and rushes for the far reaches of the huge
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: turns to face the reforming creature. She disappears and the
text: shoebox rushes for the amorphous biomass slithering toward
dialog: her.
text: The shoebox slugs into the mass and is swallowed whole.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: slides to a stop beside the door, twists its knob, finds it
text: locked and jams his survival knife deep into the wood of the
text: jamb. It splinters.
text: Garth rises and slams through the door.
scene_heading: STAIRWELL - GARTH
text: reels through the door and up the stairs.
text: There is a another door at the next landing blocking his
dialog: path.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 103.
scene_heading: COMPUTER ROOM - THE AMOEBIC CREATURE
text: undulates toward the open door to the stairs, moving with
dialog: incredible speed.
scene_heading: STAIRWELL DOOR - GARTH
text: stabs his survival knife into the door, smashing the wood.
scene_heading: STAIRWELL LOWER LANDING - (SCENE) - THE CREATURE
text: oozes through the door... THEN SPURTS A PORTION OF ITSELF up
dialog: the well.
text: Where Garth has just slammed the door behind him.
text: The ooze lands on the door and begins to commingle with it.
scene_heading: STAIRWELL - GARTH
text: wedges the survival blade into the jamb, securing the door.
text: Garth quickly ascends the steps to the next landing.
text: Below, THE DOOR GARTH SECURED BEGINS TO WAFFLE, its
text: constituents weakened by contact with the creature. It sags
text: open and the creature enters.
scene_heading: AT THE NEXT LANDING - GARTH
text: blows the doorknob off the door just as A SMATTERING OF GOO
text: thrown from below SPLATTERS ONTO HIS BODY ARMOR WITH A HISS.
text: Garth ignores the goo and leaps through the door to the final
text: landing below the roof.
scene_heading: BELOW - THE MOTHER GOO
text: begins to "slinky" up the steps toward the gaping door.
scene_heading: THE NEXT LANDING - GARTH
text: staggers to a stop as the GOO SLIDES UP OVER HIS EYES.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 104.
scene_heading: CLOSE - GARTH'S EYES
text: reveal that the SPARKLING BODY ARMOR IS KEEPING THE GOO
text: INCHES AWAY from really contacting him.
speaker_heading: RESUME GARTH
text: as he stabs his fingers through the goo, trying to remove it
text: from blocking his sight.
text: He reaches for a battery from his pack, finds the last one,
text: pulls it, SPITS ON ITS CONTACTS AND THEN RAMS IT INTO THE
dialog: Goo.
text: The GOO SHRIEKS AND LEAPS AWAY.
text: Garth pulls the hand radio from his pack.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (radio)
dialog: Reich, come in.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHOPPER LANDING SITE - NIGHT
text: Reich returns to the chopper to take the mike.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: (radio)
dialog: Garth, go ahead.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. THE VINCENT ROOF - NIGHT
text: Garth leaps through the door onto the roof. The STORM IS
text: ALMOST UNBEARABLE. Above the noise of the wind:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (radio)
dialog: Reich, bring your people in!
text: Reich throws LaPiere a 'I told you so' look.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Okay! Let's go! You heard the man.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 105.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: surveys the roof looking for the seeding devices.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - THE SEEDING DEVICES
text: are globes twenty feet across located at each corner of the
dialog: roof.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: moves for the closest globe as, in the distance, Reich's
text: chopper begins to wing in.
text: Garth opens the control panel.
scene_heading: INSERT - CONTROL PANEL
text: where a remote activation device is imbedded beside the
text: programing keys.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: takes the remote controller out, snaps it onto his belt, then
text: studies the seeding device controls as Reich's chopper lands
text: near the center of the roof.
text: Reich, LaPiere and six men with weapons exit the chopper.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: You did it!
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: The last defensive device is coming up
dialog: those stairs right now. Send your people
dialog: to take care of it.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: (gesturing to LaPiere)
dialog: Go!
text: LaPiere and the six men move for the stairwell.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 106.
scene_heading: LAPIERE & THE SOLDIERS
text: slam open the stairwell door and fire on full automatic into
text: the pit. Once everyone has emptied one clip, they reload and
dialog: descend.
scene_heading: REICH OBSERVES GARTH
text: as he prepares to activate the controls.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You were right. Vincent developed a way
dialog: to fix the weather. I'm setting the
dialog: timers that will blow the roof and seed
text: the incoming storm.
text: Reich thinks about this a moment.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: No shit? Reverse the weather?
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - LAPIERE
text: allows the troops to take the point as they descend.
text: The lead trooper runs into THE AMEOBIC CREATURE, WHICH
text: ENVELOPES HIM. Blinded, his body armor sparking, the soldier
text: spins madly, screaming.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Back off! Back off!
text: He and the remaining troops retreat up five steps.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - NIGHT
text: Reich watches Garth type in '5:00' in the timer.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: What are you doing? You're not going to
dialog: activate it, are you?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Of course I'm going to activate it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Don't you realize what this is, you
dialog: idiot?! This is more than wealth — this
dialog: is power!
scene_heading: IN THE STAIRWELL - LAPIERE
text: and the remaining troops watch as the SOLDIER IS CONSUMED BY
text: THE AMOEBIC CREATURE. His skin turns powder-white before he
text: is spat out like a dust devil to the floor below.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Kill it! Shoot it! Shoot it!
text: They OPEN FIRE, FULL AUTOMATIC.
scene_heading: ON THE ROOF - REICH AND GARTH
text: stare at one another, Garth's finger poised above the
dialog: activate button.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: All I'm asking is... just think about
dialog: this a minute, will you?... We could evac
dialog: all this equipment up to the Central
dialog: Coast and set it off when the time is
dialog: right. We could... reunite the country.
dialog: Hell, the entire goddamn world.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: With you as emperor, I suppose?
dialog: Reich grins. Emperor is too strong a word...
text: Garth presses the ‘activate’ button, bringing this globe on
dialog: line.
scene_heading: IN THE STAIRWELL - LAPIERE
text: and his remaining men RETREAT UP THE STEPS AS THEY FIRE.
text: The ROUNDS SPLATTER THE CREATURE for seconds before it
text: reunites.
text: The creature FLINGS A PORTION OF ITSELF UP THE STAIRWELL,
text: CONNECTING WITH A SOLDIER. He screams in fear, the goo
text: beginning to eat through his body armor.
text: LaPiere reaches past his men to shove the wounded man at the
text: creature below, to buy time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: (gesturing up)
dialog: Let's go, let's go!
speaker_heading: ROOF - GARTH
text: runs for the next machine as Reich follows him, pleading.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Look, look... I'm not a greedy guy. We'll
dialog: do it your way. Any way you want.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: My way is now.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: No! No, don't you see, there's no margin
dialog: in that. We can't use that.
text: Garth opens the next controller, taps the 'on' button, begins
dialog: to program.
scene_heading: STAIRWELL - LAPIERE
text: is the last to be slimed. Men below him are already burning,
text: being eaten by the goo flung by the mother creature.
speaker_heading: LAPIERE
dialog: Goddamn it, goddamn it!
text: LaPiere peels the body armor belt off. The goo sticks to the
text: electromagnetic shield. LaPiere tosses it into the darkness
text: below and retreats up.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - AT THE ROOF DOOR - LAPIERE
text: is almost out the door when the amoebic CREATURE SLAPS ONTO
text: HIM, PULLING HIM BELOW. LaPiere begins to bellow and cry,
text: shrieking with fear.
scene_heading: ON THE ROOF - REICH
text: fires his automatic pistol at the sky, stopping Garth, who
text: turns slowly to face him.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: Let's be reasonable... You're alone. I
dialog: have troops.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Garth's expression says, I wouldn't be so sure...
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to help mankind, too. Just like
dialog: you. But at the right time. If we set it
dialog: off now, no one can take credit, but if
dialog: we wait, spread the word, rally people to
dialog: our side, and then set it off — there's
dialog: no limit to how strong we can become.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: No. Now.
speaker_heading: REICH
dialog: No. Later. When I say so.
dialog: Garth shakes his head 'no.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a tough nut, Major...
text: Something slaps Reich behind his head. What's that? Keeping
text: the weapon aimed at Garth, HE REACHES BACK WITH HIS LEFT
text: HAND, FEELS SOMETHING ON HIS SKIN, brings the fingers before
text: his eyes so he can see.
speaker_heading: REICH (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell?
text: Garth pivots and runs.
scene_heading: THIRD SEEDING DEVICE - GARTH
text: slides home, flips open the controller and begins tapping in
text: the activation delay. Behind him, in the distant background,
text: REICH SPINS MADLY, SCREAMING.
text: Garth activates the device, then stands.
text: Reich's VOICE GOES SUDDENLY SILENT.
text: Now there's only Garth and the creature left on the roof.
dialog: And one remaining pod to be programed.
text: Garth leaps into a run toward it.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 110.
speaker_heading: RUN WITH GARTH
text: as he jumps cables and ventilators. In the distant, and then
text: less so distant background unidentified items are tossed into
text: the air as the creature approaches quickly.
text: Garth freezes.
speaker_heading: THE CREATURE (SCENE)
text: slowly undulates up into a mound, then a miniature peak, then
text: a crude mimic of humanity, and finally into a monster of a
text: man. Vincent's awful face draws into a smile.
text: Garth draws the Smith and Wessons and BEGINS FIRING, leaping
dialog: away.
text: A PORTION OF THE CREATURE, JUST FLUNG, SPLATS against a roof
text: brace behind where Garth stood and slithers down.
text: The creature LOSES VISCOSITY AS THE STREAM OF BULLETS HITS IT
text: and it collapses.
text: Garth leaps across the puddle and runs on.
scene_heading: THE FOURTH POD - GARTH
text: drops to his knees, opens the control box and begins
text: programing the device.
text: A dark form rises behind him.
text: Garth accidentally programs in '50:00' rather than '5:00'.
dialog: Cursing:
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Goddamn it! Goddamn it!
text: He must start all over again.
text: The form behind him is larger.
text: Finished, Garth stands. He notices the dark form behind him.
text: He turns.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 111.
speaker_heading: REICH
text: stands there, HALF HIS BODY CHALK, SHAKING WITH THE CERTAINTY
text: OF HIS DEATH. He reaches out an arm at Garth but it falls,
text: like a cigarette ash, to the floor and disintegrates.
text: What remains of his living flesh turns chalk-white and
text: disintegrates TO REVEAL:
speaker_heading: THE CREATURE
text: standing behind him.
text: Goo from REICH'S BODY DRIBBLES AWAY, THEN SCOOTS to the
dialog: Mother Goo.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: retreats a step, removes the remote control from his pocket,
text: presses the ‘activate button' and tosses it into the
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE CONTROLLER PANELS
text: light up and begin a countdown from 5:00.
speaker_heading: RESUME SCENE
text: as Garth takes a step to the left.
text: But the creature ignores him, looking instead toward the pod.
scene_heading: CREATURE'S POV - THE TIMER
text: continues to count down: 4:33... 4:32... 4:31... 4:30...
speaker_heading: RESUME SCENE
text: as Garth waves his hands at the creature, trying to draw its
text: attention away from the pod.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Hey! Hey! This way, slime ball!
text: The creature looks at him briefly, then moves for the pod.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The creature FLINGS A WAD OF ITSELF at the pod timer
dialog: mechanism.
text: The MECHANISM BEGINS TO CHANGE, darken, weaken.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: leaps to the pod, breaks a faceplate, stabs ACTIVATE NOW.
speaker_heading: THE TIMER
text: goes from 4:17 to 10, then 9... 8... 7... 6.4%
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: leaps away.
speaker_heading: THE EXPLOSION
text: sends the pod ball high into the sky, where it BURSTS APART,
text: sending the seeds gusting high into the wind.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: runs for the next pod. He slides headfirst into the
text: mechanism, pops the cover open and breaks the face plate.
text: Finger on the ACTIVATE NOW button, Garth looks back over his
dialog: shoulder.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - THE CREATURE
text: undulates toward him like a shark smelling blood.
speaker_heading: RESUME GARTH
text: as he presses the button and moves.
speaker_heading: THE CREATURE
text: FLINGS ITSELF at the pod just as it EXPLODES.
text: The pod ball rises into the sky, repeating the previous
scene_heading: EXPLOSION.
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 113.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: is running for the next pod when the flying goo SLAPS HIM ON
text: THE SHOULDERS and back. The goo causes the BODY ARMOR TO
speaker_heading: SPARK.
text: Garth checks his wrist read-out:
scene_heading: INSERT - WRIST READ-OUT
dialog: reports 27... 24... 21...
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: reaches for another battery in his belt. Empty.
text: Garth hits the buckle, snapping the armor loose, and throws
text: it aside, the GOO CLINGING TO IT as it falls away.
speaker_heading: THIRD POD - GARTH
text: nearly falls over it, drops to a knee, opens the cover,
text: smashes the faceplate and presses the ACTIVATE NOW button.
text: The pod BLOWS just as Garth leaps away.
speaker_heading: THE SEEDS
text: are whipped up and away by the stiffening wind.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: removes the last two clips for the pistols, loads one, then
dialog: the other.
text: He stares off across the roof.
scene_heading: GARTH'S POV - THE CREATURE
text: is making its way toward the final pod.
speaker_heading: (SCENE) GARTH
text: draws the Smith-and-Wessons and advances.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Garth begins FIRING ON FULL AUTOMATIC as he runs.
text: The BULLETS DISPERSE THE CREATURE. Goo flies everywhere.
text: Garth reaches the pod first, opens the cover, smashes the
text: faceplate.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - THE CREATURE'S
text: amorphous tentacles grip Garth and pull him back.
text: His reaching hand is jerked away from the ACTIVATE NOW
dialog: button.
text: Garth bellows in pain as the GOO ABSORBS INTO HIS SKIN. White
text: blotches begin to appear.
text: Garth's boot catches a cable line and holds as the creature
text: pulls on his prone body.
text: Garth reaches for a pen in his pocket. It's the miniature
text: crossbow seen earlier. Arms spring out, a trigger. The bolt
text: snaps into place with a flick of his wrist. Garth aims...
text: aims... and fires.
scene_heading: THE POD CONTROLLER - THE ACTIVATE NOW BUTTON
text: is pressed home by the flying bolt.
text: GARTH AND THE CREATURE
text: are blown back by the explosion.
text: Garth lands ten feet away. The GOO IS SLOWLY PROCEEDING UP
text: ONE ARM, changing his flesh, killing it. Garth rubs it, as if
text: to return circulation, but it doesn't help.
text: Garth sees the creature reforming, moving toward him. He
text: tries to move but he's been hurt far more than he thought. He
text: sags, waiting death.
speaker_heading: A DAMAGED ROBOT
text: from an earlier confrontation with the creature surges
text: forward. In its hands, a cable whose end has been stripped,
text: revealing naked wires. The robot spears the creature with the
text: cable. SPARKS AND SIZZLING FLESH. Moments pass as the
text: CREATURE CONTINUES TO LOSE VISCOSITY, sagging finally into
text: bags of amorphous jelly, and then decayed pools of chemicals.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Diana APPEARS, imperfectly due to damaged projector lenses,
text: on top of the robot, which drops the cable.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: I'm dying.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No you're not. I can save you.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (laughs - bubbling blood)
dialog: No. I don't think so.
text: The robot scoops him up, pivots and moves for the stairwell
text: door, DIANA PROJECTED ON TOP and seeming to tend to Garth.
text: THE TRACKS OF THE ROBOT
text: pass over puddles of ooze, which cling.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE STAIRWELL - (SCENE)
text: The robot carrying Garth, crazily descends the steps,
text: dropping from step to step.
text: Smashes through the second landing door.
text: Crashes through the third.
text: Careens around the corner and through the final door.
scene_heading: THE ROBOT'S TRACKS
text: are beginning to SMOKE AND HISS as the creature transforms
dialog: the metal.
speaker_heading: GARTH AND DIANA
text: almost tumble from the robot as it throws a track and grinds
text: to a halt.
text: Garth's left arm is almost ash.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You must get up!... Get up!... Get up,
dialog: goddamn it! GET UP!
text: Garth is almost out. He looks questioningly at Diana, as if
dialog: to ask, Why?
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: Get to the computer! John, listen to me,
dialog: you can still live... if you just get to
dialog: the computer!
text: Garth understands. He tries to lift himself from the robot's
text: arms, falls back, tries again.
text: Garth tumbles to the floor, tries to stand but his LEFT LEG
text: HAS BEEN CONVERTED TO WASTE MATERIAL. No living flesh there.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: Focus, John! Focus on me. You can do it.
text: DIANA'S IMAGE FLICKERS in the darkness, a wavering ghost. She
text: is tethered to the damaged robot, unable to go with him.
text: Garth begins to crawl.
scene_heading: DIANA DISAPPEARS FROM THE ROBOT and REAPPEARS, A BETTER
text: PROJECTION, near the computer where Vincent's lifeless body
dialog: lays.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: Fifteen feet, John. That's all it is.
text: Just fifteen feet.
speaker_heading: (SCENE) THE CREATURE
text: surges through the door.
text: Diana snaps around to look, as does Garth.
text: The creature too is not what it once was. The beast fights to
text: retain its form and motion, but moves forward.
text: Garth tries to crawl faster, but can't.
text: DIANA DISAPPEARS from the computer, and REAPPEARS at the
text: robot. Standing on its top, she directs it to turn around.
text: The remaining track spins the machine around.
text: Garth forces himself to go faster.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Diana commands the robot's arms to snap menacingly. This is
text: the only weapon that remains.
text: The creature advances.
text: Garth uses furniture to pull himself forward. He's on his
text: knees now.
text: The robot's arms snap as the creature advances.
text: The robot and creature meet. The snapping arms are
text: meaningless. The CREATURE SWALLOWS THE ROBOT as DIANA'S IMAGE
text: WAVERS, CRACKLES, AND DISAPPEARS.
speaker_heading: (SCENE) DIANA
text: REAPPEARS beside the computer.
text: She watches with mute horror as the creature absorbs the
text: robot, rises to its full height, and then FLINGS A PORTION OF
text: ITS MASS AT GARTH.
text: The GOO HITS GARTH just as he rises to push Vincent's body
text: from the couch. The body topples onto the floor as Garth
text: screams in pain.
text: The GOO SETTLES INTO HIS BACK, sizzling.
text: Garth loses control of his body, collapses to the floor.
text: Portions of his back, waist, one leg, one arm are already
text: lifeless.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I can't do this for you! You must get up
dialog: onto the couch! Now! NOW!
text: Garth shakes the grogginess away as A SHADOW FALLS ACROSS
speaker_heading: HIM.
scene_heading: (SCENE) THE CREATURE,
text: its mass increased by conquest, has risen to its full height
text: less than five feet away.
text: Garth rises on one leg as the other drops away from his body,
text: a fallen cigarette ash.
text: One last Herculean effort, Garth jumps up onto the couch.
text: The CREATURE FALLS UPON HIM, swallowing him whole.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: EnCrypt by Richard Taylor 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Diana gasps in surprise and regret.
text: Garth's GOOD HAND JUTS UP THROUGH THE GOO, pulls the temple
text: probe down to where his forehead is located beneath the
dialog: creature.
text: The vast computer's HUM increases.
text: The outline of Garth's body jumps, then shakes in death
text: rattle.
text: Diana throws the full power of EnCrypt into the chair making
text: contact with the amoebic goo. EnCrypt's dormant synaptic
text: power rises to a terrible HUM. The creature fries, this time
text: not dissolving but burning. Pieces fly away, ashes fallen
text: from a bonfire. A BELLOWING MOAN rises from the creature as
text: it crumbles into hot dust.
speaker_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. A MEADOW ABOVE THE OCEAN - DAY
text: Wild flowers are in bloom. The sea wind gusts gently.
text: Garth stands staring out to sea. He wears casual clothes,
dialog: clean, carefree.
text: A hand reaches out for him. Garth takes it.
text: PULL BACK to reveal Diana. Wearing a sun dress and holding a
text: hat on her head against the wind. She smiles.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL that this is a television screen in the
text: EnCrypt computer room.
text: PULL BACK TO THE CEILING... THROUGH THE CEILING... THEN THE
text: NEXT, AND THE NEXT... TO THE ROOF... TO THE SKY, WHERE THE
text: STORM IS RAGING AND THE POD SEEDS ARE SWIRLING... ABOVE THE
text: STORM...
text: PULL BACK TO THE EARTH ITSELF, SPINNING ON.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
