dialog: =nd of Days
dialog: Written
dialog: by
dialog: Andrew W. Marlowe
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: Beacon Communications
speaker_heading: 2/17/98
dialog: wand it is written that when God made Man in
text: his image, he asked the angels to bow down
dialog: before his greatest creation. One amongst
dialog: them refused, and for that sin, Lucifer the
dialog: Angel of Light, was cast from God’s grace,
text: and imprisoned in the darkness of Hell.
dialog: But once every thousand years, when the
dialog: stars are right, Lucifer ig freed from his
dialog: prison seeking vengeance against Man. If he
dialog: can cross the threshold of Hell with his
dialog: chosen mortal bride, he shall be given
dialog: reign over earthly souls and all mankind
dialog: will be damned.”
dialog: - The Satanic Prophesies
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: "25 Years Ago" ™
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: The New York City daylight shines down on OUR LADY OF MERCY
speaker_heading: HOSPITAL.
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY ROOM - DAY
text: A woman lies in stirrups, breathing rhythmically. Her husband
text: squeezes her hand while the obstetrician kneels between her
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: OB/GYN
dialog: Push... that's it. Push.
text: With a final push, the woman tenses her entire body and a
text: moment later the cry of a newborn fills the roon.
speaker_heading: , OB/GYN (cont ‘d)
dialog: It's a girl. .
text: The cheerful NURSE gingerly wrapa the baby in a blanket and
dialog: presents it to the mother. ‘
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sho's... she's so beautiful.
text: Tears of joy £111 the mother's eyes as the NEW FATHER kisses
text: his wife on the forehead. They both beam at the miracle.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I must take her down for her clean-
dialog: up, now.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No please. Not yet.
dialog: Oh, it's procedure. We'll have her
dialog: back to you before you know it.
text: The Nurse takes the baby from the room.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The Nurse walks past the sick and dying. She clutches the
text: baby to her bosom as it were her own. Just before the
text: elevators, the Nurse ducks into the stairway.
dialog: Yy
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Darkness fills the stairwell as the Nurse descends... flight
text: after flight. Until it ends.
text: She pushes through a door, into a...
dialog: Dark corridor
text: «+. and with the crying baby she turns into...
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: Sheet covered cadavers lie on metal slabs. FACELESS MEN,
text: wearing HOODED ROBES, gather in a small circle in the center
text: of the room. One of them, the HEAD PRIEST, steps forward and
dialog: takes the baby from the nurse. |
text: The room is lit by the glow of candles arranged in a...
speaker_heading: Pentagram
text: The Head Priest unwraps the newborn girl and places her in
text: the center of the Satanic symbol.
speaker_heading: HEAD PRIEST
dialog: To him, we commit your body. To him,
dialog: we commit your soul.
text: The Head Priest opens a box and removes a snake. He holds the
text: snake high, showing it to the others. Then he takes a silver
text: Gagger and cuts the snake open. It writhes as its blood drips
dialog: ento the baby.
speaker_heading: HEAD PRIEST (cont'd)
dialog: You are promised to him. You are
dialog: given to him. You shall open the
dialog: gates and build him a temple on Earth. —
text: The Head Priest smears the blood of the snake on the
text: newborn's face and brings his bleod soaked fingers to rest in
text: the baby girl's mouth.
speaker_heading: HEAD PRIEST (cont'd)
dialog: You are chosen.
text: . She suckles the fingers.
speaker_heading: HEAD PRIEST (cont'd)
dialog: : (whispering)
dialog: You have tasted him. And now you are
dialog: his and you will hunger for hin.
text: The snake ignites into a flash of flame and disappears.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT -_
text: The Nurse walks back down the linoleum, clutching the baby.
text: She turns into...
scene_heading: THE MATERNITY WARD
text: and hands the little girl back over to her mother's arms.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: Here she is, all clean and fresh.
dialog: Have you thought of a name yet?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Christine. Her name's Christine.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Happy Birthday, Christine.
scene_heading: EXT. VATICAN CITY - NIGHT
text: The majestic towers of the Vatican rise high into the night,
text: their shadowy faces lit from the glow of street lamps below.
text: The moon, not yet full, hangs low in the sky. But something's
text: @ifferent. Above the moon is a FAINT ARC of some kind.
text: In the window of one of the tower rooms, candle light a
text: flickers and a shadow moves across the pane of glass.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Monastically spare - a wooden chair, table and bed. Open on
text: the table is an ILLUMINATED MANUSCRIPT. Beautiful lettering
text: adorns its worn parchment pages, and a rich illustration
text: leaps off the opposing page. The shadow moves across the
text: page. A Monk takes his seat at the table.
speaker_heading: : MONK
dialog: All my life have I watched the skies,
text: waiting for the sign.
text: The monk points to the illustration in the manuscript. The
text: full moon hangs low in the sky. Across the top of the moon is
text: a comet, its tail sweeping in an arc over the glowing orb.
text: The effect is that of a giant eye. Beneath it, a child lies
text: inside a Pentagran.
speaker_heading: MONK (cont'd)
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Under the eye of God the child is
dialog: born. She shall be marked by darkness.
dialog: . “
dialog: 
dialog: 4.
text: Another SHADOW moves in the candle lit room. His vestments
text: rustle as he moves to the window balcony, stepping out into
text: the night air. Above him in the sky, THE VERY SAME SIGN. A .
text: comet arcing over the moon.
speaker_heading: MONK (cont'd)
dialog: Your Holiness, there can be no doubt.
text: It has begun.
text: The shadow figure steps into the light. We see by his
text: vestments that he is indeed THE POPE.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: Send emissaries out to all the cities
dialog: ef the world. She must be found.
text: In the shadows we see other religious leaders of all faithes.
text: They murmur amongst themselves. One among them, a CARDINAL,
text: steps forward.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL
dialog: She must be destroyed. Let me convene
dialog: the knights.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: If we sacrifice the innocent we do
dialog: not deserve to be redeemed.
text: The Monk turns the page of the manuscript. In the next
text: illumination, the Knight on the cliff is now surrounded by
text: fire. A Young Girl in rags is curled around his feet. The
text: knight's SWORDTIP points at THE DEVIL.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
dialog: "New York City - Present Day"
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - DAY
scene_heading: GLORY SHOTS -
text: New Yorkers play frisbee in the Sheep's Meadow.
text: Tourists tour the upper heights of the Empire state Building.
text: Boats push out onto the Hudson River. But in their wake, FISH
dialog: Bon Soee guan dloni Ge ie sttenses™™? OTT SBS mneOEr m
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREETS - DAY .
text: A HOMELESS MAN prays to an open sewer hole churning out
text: steam. SIRENS blare in the background. POLICE MOTORCYCLES
text: pass by. Behind them a MOTORCADE -- half a dozen cars.
text: The homeless man looks up at the sky. A dark shadow falls
text: across his face, as a HELICOPTER SWOOPS overhead.
text: Along the helicopter’s side...
scene_heading: "HUNTER PRIVATE SECURITY"
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER PILOT (V.0.)
text: This is Hunter One. Rooftops 125 to
text: 136 are clear.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (V.0.)
dialog: Keep them clear.
text: We swoop lower, singling out one of the limousines in the
text: motorcade.
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - DAY
text: JERICHO scans the crowd with his strong piercing eyes and the
text: mo nonsense attitude of a samurai. He and the three other
text: armed men in this limo are all dressed in dark business
text: suits, looking very much like Secret Service Agents, right
text: down to the radio earpiece in their ears. Jericho raises his
text: cuff and speaks into the small microphone sewn there.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Hunter Two, do you copy?
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - DAY
text: This black tar roof looks like it hasn't seen maintenance
text: since the WPA. Bracketed to building's edge, fifteen foot
text: letters extend high above us telling any New Yorker who
dialog: bothers to look up that once-upon-a-time this was...
scene_heading: THE BLUE ANGEL HOTEL.
text: A HELICOPTER rises above the edge of the building and circles
text: the rooftop perimeter.
scene_heading: -HELICOPTER PILOT TWO
dialog: Hunter Two, we copy.
text: In the open door of the chopper, a Commando scans the roof
text: with a spectral scope. No signs of heat, movement, or life.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER PILOT TWO (cont'd)
text: Sector One is clear.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (V.0.)
dialog: Copy Two. ETA Three minutes. High
text: alert and counting down.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER PILOT TWO
dialog: Copy that.
text: Hunter Two veers away from the rooftop and pulls into tha sky.
text: A few heartbeats later, a SLIGHT CLICKING SOUND catches our
text: attention. It's coming from the L in BLUE. The bottom panel
text: of the letter drops down, and out slides a figure, his outfit
text: the same dark asphalt black as the rooftop.
text: With lightning efficiency the man in black pops open a small
text: black case and removes a gunstock and several sections of a
text: gun barrel. If we guessed it was a high power sniper rifle,
dialog: we wouldn't be wrong.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: The motorcade cruises past, heading toward...
text: The UNITED NATIONS BUILDING
dialog: The very symbol of mankind's best intentions.
scene_heading: mvt. LIMOUSINE - DAY
text: Through the window, Jericho scans the crowd for anything out
dialog: of the ordinary.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Weapons check.
text: He and the three other men remove their handguns from their
text: holsters, check their loads and release safeties. One of the
text: men, a goateed wisecracker named CHICAGO, late thirties, re-
text: holsters his weapon and speaks into his mic.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO —_
text: Python on approach. We are at Alert
text: Five. Cue the Potentate. He's on.
scene_heading: EXT. UNITED NATIONS BUILDING - DAY
text: The motorcade pulls to a halt between crowds of people.
text: .JERICHO and CHICAGO spring from the first limo and cross to
text: the door of the second. The rest of the security contingent
text: take up point positions, all eyes scanning the crowd.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: (into cuff mic)
dialog: We're exposed.
dialog: 7.
text: Jericho opens the door. A Diplomat steps out and crosses to
text: the crowd. Shakes hands. Jericho scans the crowd. A gun
dialog: barrel? No, it's an umbrella.
text: Then he checks nearby rooftops. Thinks he sees something on
text: one of them. No. Just a shadow. Scans nearby windows.
text: From one window, he sees a GLINT of light. He squints. It's
text: not coming from the window, it's a reflection of something on
text: the roof across the way.
text: An untrained observer wouldn't notice, a highly trained
text: observer would probably miss it. Jericho doesn't. His head
text: snaps around to the rooftop, but sees nothing once again. But
text: he senses something.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: (into cuff)
dialog: Hunter Two, Reoftop Southwest Corner.
text: HELICOPTER P.O.V. - Looking down on the Rooftop. All we can
text: see is the black of the roof.
speaker_heading: HUNTER TWO
text: Rooftop negative.
text: ON THE GROUND - Jericho runs .toward the Diplomat.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: (into cuff)
dialog: You're wrong. Shooter! Evac! Evac!
text: Security swings into action. Guns are drawn. Jericho grabs
text: the Diplomat and pulls him toward the Limo.
text: GUNSHOTS! Jericho turns, and his suit jacket EXPLODES four
text: times as the ROUNDS HIT HIM squarely in the chest. As he goes
text: down, he shoves the Diplomat into the limo, slamming the door.
text: THE LIMOUSINE ACCELERATES knocking Jericho aside as it flies
text: through its pre-planned emergency escape route.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: (gasping into mic)
dialog: Drive One. Status!
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - DAY
text: eee as it accelerates down the street. The driver glances in
text: his mirror at the anxious Diplomat. No bullet wounds though.
speaker_heading: DRIVE ONE
text: Shaken, not stirred. Using secure
dialog: south entrance. .
dialog: ,)
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CEICAGO pushes through the crowd to Jericho, who lies
text: motionless on the cement.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: Chicago crouches and fingers the bullet holes in Jericho's
dialog: jacket. .
speaker_heading: CHICAGO (cont'd)
dialog: How many times have I told you not to
dialog: * wear your good suits to work.
text: Jericho stirs. Chicago helps him to his feet.
text: Jericho pulls off his jacket. Beneath it... A Kevlar vest
text: with four bullets imbedded in its surface.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Where's the shooter?
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
text: Cornered on the rooftop.
speaker_heading: JERICHO ~
dialog: - Then what are we doing down here?
scene_heading: UNITED NATIONS - SOUTHWEST CORNER
text: Jericho and Chicago race toward the descending helicopter.
text: They don't break stride as they jump on the hood, then roof
text: of an NYPD patrol car, surprising the hell out of the officer
text: inside. The helicopter doesn't even touch down as Jericho and
text: Chicago climb onboard. It lifts off immediately.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - DAY
text: The shooter holds position behind the scaffolding rails
text: holding up the letters. He shoulders his rifle, taking SHOTS
text: at the HELICOPTERS flying around hin.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Jericho and Chicago look out the side window, down at the
text: Shooter. The Sheoter swings his rifle toward them and FIRES.
text: The glass on the WINDOW EXPLODES as it's hit by a round.
text: Jericho and Chicago pull out their sidearms, lean out the
text: broken window and FIRE at the shooter. The Shooter snakes
text: back into the girdirons.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Get us closer.
scene_heading: ExT. SKY - DAY
text: The helicopter pulls up and circles around.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - DAY
text: The Shooter aims at the helicopter and squeezes off a FEW
text: ROUNDS. But Jericho's RETURN FIRE forces him into the open.
text: The Shooter fires again, but he's out of ammo. He runs, but...
text: The HELICOPTER descends in front of him, cutting him off.
text: Nowhere to go. The Shooter checks his options, glancing at
text: the edge of the building. As Jericho exits the helicopter,
text: gun drawn, the Shooter turns tail and runs toward the edge of
dialog: the building.
text: JERICHO jumps back onto the akid of the chopper. He yells to
dialog: the pilot.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: + Pollow!
text: The pilot complies. Chicago leans out the window.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: He's gonna pancake himself.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: (to Pilot)
dialog: Faster!
text: The helicopter skims low and fast after the shooter. Jericho
text: stands, perched on the skid, his arm outstretched, ready to
dialog: grab the Shooter.
text: The Shooter's not letting up, running as fast as he can
text: toward oblivion. The helicopter closes on him quickly.
text: Jericho reaches out -his arm, just a few feet away from the
text: Shooter. Closing in. His fingertips almost touching. But...
speaker_heading: THE ROOF ENDS
text: THE SHOOTER SUNPS...
text: JERICHO GRABS for him...
text: Catches a handful of fabric...
dialog: 10.
text: The helicopter zooms over the edge, leaving Jericho staring
text: down at the dizzying sight of a hundred story drop, holding
text: the SHOOTER by the scruff of his shirt. .
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Got him!
text: The Shooter turns. Raises a handgun at Jericho. Jericho's
text: eyes widen as the hammer pulls back. There's only one thing
dialog: he can do...
dialog: LET GO!
speaker_heading: HE DOES.
text: THE SHOOTER PLUMMETS, continuing to fire.
text: Jericho can't believe what he's just done. Chicago pulls him
text: back into the helicopter.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Better him than you, man.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: The Shooter continues to fall, accelerating.
text: Then a streamer pops from his back...
scene_heading: Int. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Jericho looks down at the plummeting Shooter.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: He's got silk! Son-of-a-bitch's got
dialog: silk.
scene_heading: EKtT. SKY - DAY
text: Between the canyons of tall buildings a PARACHUTE BLOSSOMS.
text: Stunned New Yorkers look up in awe as the Man in Black
text: PARAGLIDES right down 42nd street.
scene_heading: “INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Jericho checks his sidearm and grits his teeth.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Down.
dialog: ai.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: The helicopter descends between the buildings chasing after
text: the chute. The Shooter pulls his steering lines and
text: accelerates toward mid-town.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER ~ DAY
text: Jericho bangs on the wall of the cabin.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Lower...
scene_heading: HELICOPTER PILOT
dialog: Siz, I can't land a helicopter in the
text: middle of a crowded street.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I didn't ask you to land.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A CABBIE watches through his window as the Shooter glides
text: down the biock toward him.
text: When he's about ten feet from the ground, the Shooter cuts
text: his chute. He plummets onto the roof of the cab.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Hoy! Asshole. You batter have
dialog: collision.
text: The Shooter leapfrogs across cars toward a subway entrance.
text: As the Cabbie turns back around, he sees a helicopter descend
text: on him. Jericho poised at the door. As soon as the helicopter
text: is close enough to the ground, JERICHO JUMPS... hits the top
text: of oo sees the Shooter disappear into the dark hole of
text: He climbs down the side of the bus.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - DAY
text: Against the protesting shouts of an MTA worker, Jericho jumps
text: the turnstile, his gun drawn. He races through the crowded
text: subway platform pushing commuters aside.
text: As he gets to the platform's edge, he sees the Shooter
text: disappearing into the darkness cf the subway tunnel.
text: Without a moments hesitation, Jericho jumps down on the
text: tracks, sprinting after the Shooter.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - DAY
text: Jericho races through venting steam and dirty pools of water.
text: A hush falls on the tunnel. He hears whispers all around him.
speaker_heading: ‘VOICES
dialog: Jericho... Jericho....
text: The sharp SNAP of TWO GUNSHOTS sends him diving for cover. He
text: blindly returns fire down the tunnel. He listens a moment and
text: steps back into the open, moving stealthily, like a cat.
text: As he edges down the tunnel, the walls begin to glow with A
text: DEEP ROCKING CRIMSON and then slowly OOZE INTO FLAME.
text: The length of the tunnel becomes an abyss of swirling fire
text: and DESPERATE CRIES OF PAIN ring in our ears. The Shooter
text: steps into the open and turns toward Jericho, his face BLACK
text: AS SOOT, his eyes BURNING RED. His dark voice bellows over
text: the roar of the flame.
speaker_heading: SHOOTER
dialog: Heed ma, Jericho. The thousand years
dialog: are over. The Dark Angel will be
text: leosed from his prison and the Gates
dialog: . of Damnation will open between Kell
dialog: and Earth. .
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Get down on the ground! Hands behind
dialog: your head!
speaker_heading: SHOOTER
dialog: You are powerless to stop it.
text: Jericho stares at the terrifying inferno and the dark shadow
text: down the barrel of his sidearm. The Shooter stalks toward
dialog: Jericho.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Stay back... I said STAY BACK!
text: Jericho changes the angle of his shot and fires twice.
text: Suddenly the tunnel GOES DARK.
text: The Shooter screams and falls to the ground. Everything's
text: back to normal, except Jericho has blown two holes in the
text: Shooter's left leg. Jericho looks around, locking for the
text: light show, wondering what the hell it was.
text: Footsteps behind him. Chicago and the NYPD coming to the
text: rescue. They blow by Jericho and swarm the Shooter, cuffing
text: _hdm and reciting Miranda.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Hey, you okay? You look like you saw
text: a ghost.
text: Indeed he has. He walks over to the Shooter. Gone is the
text: smoldering face and raging eyes.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Much worse.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - DAY
text: A sea of blue as New York's finest clear the station. The
text: Shooter is loaded up onto a stretcher. He tries to speak but
text: only unformed sounds escape his lips. DETECTIVE FRANCIS, 50s,
text: gruff NYPD, crosses to Jericho.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Sorry, man. Whatever you thought he
dialog: said... Couldn't have been him.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Why's that?
scene_heading: : DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Guy's got no tongue:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - LATER
text: Jericho searches the walls up and down.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: If it makes you feel any better, I
text: waw a UFO once at summer camp.
text: Jericho ignores him. Train rumbles echo from a distance.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: This was real. I don't fantasize.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: But, there's nothing here.
text: Jericho touches the charred old walls of the subway tunnel,
text: rubs his fingers together.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: There was.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT
text: Dark THUNDERHEADS roll ever the towering skyscrapers. Angry.
text: billows spitting down shafts of LIGHTNING.
text: Deep echoes of rumbling thunder roll up and down the avenues.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY - NIGHT
text: A quiet block of brownstones, darkly silent on this night.
text: with the exception of far away flashes and distant rumblings.
text: The blacktop on the street SHAKES, starts to CRACK.
text: A terrifying rumble as the earth tears open.
text: A WALL OF FIRE ERUPTS FROM THE CRACK. The entire block is
text: swallowed by flame. Windows blow out. A GIANT TONGUE OF FIRE
text: reaches high up to heaven... as if hell itself had erupted.
text: The wall of flames swirl down the streets and in the flames
text: we see A SHAPE, perhaps a monstrous wing, perhaps a giant
text: talon stepping forward, all covered by a shroud of fire. The
text: shape pushes further and further out until the fire parts and
text: out of the fireball steps...
speaker_heading: A MAN
text: Handsome, elegant, aged, yet ageless... there is something
text: about him that is immediately frightening.
text: He looks around as if seeing the world for the very first
text: time. He takes a deep breath of air, removes a silver case
text: from his jacket, pulls out a cigarette. He takes a drag and
text: the cigarette IGNITES into a flame ON ITS OWN. The whole
text: block is in flames behind him, casting his long dark shadow
text: down the street.
text: From a dark alley, we see a homeless man, an ALBINO, peering
text: out the terrifying scene. He turns and runs. —_
text: As THUNDER CRACKS, rattling windows, Jericho bolts straight
text: up in bed, breathing hard.
text: ANOTHER FLASH OF LIGHTNING and the first thing we notice is
text: _the glass. Great wide windows. Great wide sky-lights looking
text: up to the heavens. The city stretches around us for 360
text: degrees. A flash of lightning illuminates the room and we
dialog: wee that the apartment is very spare. No art, minimal.
dialog: furniture.
text: Jericho clicks the light on. We can see large welts stretch
text: across his chest where the bullets hit. He checks the bruises
text: and when he touches one he winces.
dialog: 15.
text: He rises and crosses to the window. On the night table is a “™)
text: single picture in a frame of Jericho, much younger, a woman
text: and young boy.
text: The storm outside intensifies and suddenly THE LIGHTS GO OUT.
scene_heading: DARKNESS.
text: A match is struck. Jericho brings the flame to light a
text: candle. But the candle's blown out. He lights it again. Again
text: it dies. He tries again, holding the match on the flame.
text: CRASH! Glass shatters. A rush of wind. The candle and match
dialog: blow out.
text: In flashes of lightning, we see that the driving winds have
text: blown one of his windows open. The wind billows into his room.
text: Another flash of lightning and he sees a WOMAN (not the one
text: in the picture) standing near him... ARMS OUTSTRECHED...
text: PLEADING.
text: Darkness again.
text: Jericho crosses to the window and pushes it shut.
text: He hears SIRENS outside. He crosses to the window, and
text: peering out, he sees FLAMES lick the sky a half-mile away and ~”)
text: hears the wailings of police and fire trucks. :
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, THE PLAZA - HOTEL
text: The MAN crosses the Lobby to the front desk. The NIGHT CLERK,
text: a very elegant woman in her twenties, forces a smile.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: May I help you, sir?
text: The Man looks deep into the clerk's eyes. She sways a bit as
text: if swooning. He nods at her and she slides a key to hin.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Thank you.
text: The Man touches the girl's hand and then strokes her face.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont ‘d)
dialog: Come up in twenty minutes.
text: The girl watches him walk away, her eyes change, darkening.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE SUITE/THE PLAZA - NIGHT
text: The Man stands before all of New York City overlooking the |
text: twinkling lights and gaps of darkness. He sniffs.
dialog: Something foul.
text: ANGLE ON ~ The bedside table. The Man sniffs again. He slides
text: the drawer open and removes a Gideon Bible. He holds it in
text: his hand and squeezes. BLOOD drips down from the Book and
text: runs down the Man‘s hand. Moments later it BURSTS INTO FLAME.
text: The Man doesn't seem to mind the fire as The Bible quickly
text: turns to smoke.
text: In the background we see the Hotel Clerk enter the room.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I'm bere for you.
text: She begins to undress. The Man throws a backward glance at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Call a friend... or two.
text: the smoke from the Bible drifts into the air dissolving
dialog: Ores .
scene_heading: i EXT. NEW YORK CITY - MORNING
text: No sign of last night's storm, RED DAWN breaks over Central
text: Park. But the dawn is a little too red. As if the clouds were
text: soaked in blood.
speaker_heading: MORNING RADIO (V.0O)
dialog: And it's another scorcher here in the
dialog: Big Apple, or should I say the
text: rotting apple. Temperatures are
dialog: expected to hit a record ninety. two
dialog: @egrees. We're gonna have one blister
text: of a New Year's Eve in Times Square.
text: Jericho ducks into a busy deli and approaches the counter.
text: News Radio is on in the background.
speaker_heading: MORNING RADIO (V.0)
text: And heap it on, a gas main erupted in
dialog: Bell's Kitchen last night sending
text: - . &lames a hundred yards into the air...
text: STAN WEISMANN, the Deli Man, blood stains across his apron,
text: -_ grins through his bad teeth at Jericho.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: WEISMANN
dialog: Jericho. Saw you in the paper. Save
dialog: another life?
text: Weismann hands Jericho his usual.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: ZI don't save anyone. I keep them from
dialog: dying of unnatural causes. How's
dialog: Helen doing in this heat?
text: In the background, a frightened ALIBINO YOUNG MAN watches
text: Jericho, starts moving toward him.
speaker_heading: WEISMANN
dialog: She's okay. She loves to bitch about
dialog: the leg.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Tell her I miss her coffee.
speaker_heading: 7 WEISMANN
dialog: You're the only one.
text: The ALBINO grabs Jericho and looks deep into his eyes,
dialog: pleading.
speaker_heading: ALBINO
dialog: Find the girl! You must protect her!
text: Suddenly WEISMANN convulses. He leaps the deli counter
text: growling and grabs the young man by the throat, strangling
text: him, smashing his head through the glass in the meat counter.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Hey. HEY!
text: Jericho tries to pull the two apart. Weissman throws Jericho
text: back with bestial strength, his voice otherwordly.
speaker_heading: WEISHANN
dialog: The righteous shall be destroyed.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Let him go!
text: Jericho grabs Weismann who writhes like a man possesed. The
text: Albino breaks free... and sprints toward the window of the
text: deli. He leaps through it, SHATTERING THE GLASS, and
text: disappears into the crowded New York sidewalk.
text: Weismann grabs at Jericho and slashes at him with his hands.
text: For a second the hands look different, like claws or talons
text: as they rip into Jericho's suit sleeve. Jericho shoves the
text: him back, and Weismann runs after the Albino. -
dialog: ~
dialog: 18.
text: Jericho runs after them, but...
text: ON THE SIDEWALK
text: He sees no sign of them. Jericho looks down at the rip in his
dialog: Sleeve. No human hand could've done that.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE SUITE/THE PLAZA - MORNING
text: Light leaks through the curtains and we see bodies writhing
text: dn the bed. In the darkness, the forms suggest several nude
text: women. One figure arises among them... the MAN.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It's good to be back.
text: He crosses to a closet door, opens it, revealing a long row
text: of suits. He picks one out. A nude girl comes over to him and
text: rubs her hand along his chest. He puts his hand on her head.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Go into the city. Find the girl and
dialog: bring her to me.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Perhaps I am the one.
text: The Man strokes the girl's body.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: If it were only as easy as you are.
speaker_heading: . GIRL
dialog: What's so special about this "girl?"
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Nothing. That's the beauty of it. It
dialog: could've been you. It could've been —
dialog: any of you. But I chose her. She was
text: baptised in blood and is mine.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What can we do to find her? You're
dialog: the one with all the power.
text: The Man slaps her hard across the face. His handprint is
text: . burned into her cheek. It practically boils.
speaker_heading: MAN .
dialog: Not ALL the power. Not yet.
text: The Man strokes her other cheek. She flinches.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: GIRL _,
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: How... How will we know her?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ZI will know her. Your eyes and the
dialog: eyes of ali who serve me are mine. I
dialog: need but one of you to glance at her
dialog: and she will be revealed.
text: He pulls her into a kiss.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: I'm here. Spread the word.
scene_heading: EXT. LOBBY - DAY
text: Jericho crosses to a series of elevators, still looking at
text: the tears in his suit jacket, when Chicago exits the elevator.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Look at this. You ever seen anything
dialog: like this?
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: * Yeah, but she moved to Europe. C'mon. aa
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Cops found something juicy.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - DAY
text: The Man emerges from the Plaza Hotel onto the sidewalk in
text: front of Central Park as a horse drawn carriage trots by. The
text: Horse's eyes lock on the Man. The horse rears back.
text: The COACHMAN pulls back on the reigns, trying to regain
text: control, but the horse takes off in a lather. It leaps the
text: retaining wall of the park and plummets. The carriage smashes
text: against the wall and the horse flails in mid-air above the
text: A smug smile breaks across the Man's face as he walks out
text: into the city.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: A Nurse checks the pulse of the unconscious Shooter. Her EYES —s
text: GLOW RED. She closes her eyes. : }
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 2xT. NEW YORK CITY STREETS - DAY
text: The Man stops, closes his eyes, then opens them. He's "seen"
text: the Shooter. He changes direction. He passes by a group of
text: fifteen year-old Catholic School Girls in their skirts and
text: uniforms. He turns to watch them walk away. He sees a
text: BUSINESS MAN admiring the jailbait and smiles.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What is it about Catholic school
dialog: girls?
text: The Business Man looks shocked at the Man's words.
speaker_heading: BUSINESS MAN
dialog: That's disgusting.
text: The Man leans in and whispers.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Go on. Who's gonna know?
text: The Business Man's head turns and he watches the girls sashay
text: down the sidewalk. He thinks a beat, glances at the Man then
text: back at the girls. He trots after them and follows them
text: around the corner. The Man grins and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. RUN DOWN APARTMENT BUILDING ~ DAY
text: Jericho and Chicago flash their IDs to the COP standing on
text: the stoop.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Detective Francis?
speaker_heading: CoP
dialog: He's expecting you down below.
text: The Cop ateps aside as Jericho and Chicago push into the
dialog: buildiag.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT BUILDING, HALLWAY - DAY
text: Flickering bare lightbulbs dimly light the peeling wall
text: paper. Jericho and Chicago find the ancient staircase, with
text: its loose and rotting floorboards. They descend to the...
text: Pipes drip water and cockroaches scurry out of the way as
text: . Chicago and Jericho make their way down a litter strewn
text: hallway all the way to the end, to a door, it's ancient paint
text: peels in small curled sheets.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Wanna bet it's rent controlled?
text: They push open the door. Inside the dark room several
text: flashlight beams sweep back and forth.
speaker_heading: DIC. FRANCIS (0.S.)
dialog: Anyone find the goddamn circuit
dialog: breaker?
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT APARTMENT - DAY
text: But you wouldn't know it was day. The window, painted black,
text: allow only small cracks of light in.
text: Jericho and Chicago push their way into the apartment.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: He likes the dark.
text: Francis shines his light on Jericho.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Picked up a real winner, Jer.
dialog: What 've you got? :
text: Flashlights sweep the room revealing a rotting mattress in
text: the corner. Roaches and silverfish crawl from the beam back
text: into the dark.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Your shooter's name is, get this...
dialog: Thomas St. Aquinas. Used to be a
dialog: priest.
dialog: {shouting out)
dialog: We need some goddamn light down here!
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Breakers aren't out. Look.
text: Jericho takes a flashlight and shines it through the of
text: one of the lampshades. ‘op
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: No bulbs.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: How about that?
text: Jericho strikes a match and lights several candles on a
text: writing desk. Their pale illumination settles acrosa the room. =
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You said he used to be a priest?
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Yeah. Studied in Rome. One of their
dialog: alleged clairvoyants. Came here in
dialog: ‘75 to Saint John the Divine. Ten
dialog: years ago he went missing.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Any reason?
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: The Priest up there said he had a
text: vision. Then he just vanished.
text: Jericho furrows his brow, disturbed.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: A vision? What kind of vision?
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: End of the world stuff.
text: Chicago notices a thick RED pentagram drawn on the floor. He
text: stoops to examine its lines.
speaker_heading: . CHICAGO
dialog: I don't think this is paint.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: (to a cop)
dialog: Get a sample.
text: Jericho turns his attention to the wall. It's covered with
text: drawings. Religous icons and symbols. Pictures of Angels and
text: Demons struggling over the broken bones of men. On another
text: wall is a meticulous colored chalk illustration of a city in
text: flanes, the sky red, the street running with blood, held in
text: the palms of two giant talons coming off of scaled arms that
text: Gescend down the wall to the concrete floor.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: That's not a pretty picture.
dialog: catcasco
dialog: So what's a religous nutball doing
dialog: after the Ambassador?
scene_heading: DIC. FRANCIS
dialog: I don’t think the Ambassador was his
dialog: target.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What makes you say that?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Well, we found some things.
text: Jericho looks up, curious.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Flashlights illuminate a PICKLE JAR. A TONGUE floats in
text: viscous, blood-streaked fluid.
text: After a beat, we realize that we are in...
text: A BATHROOM...
speaker_heading: Dtc. FRANCIS
dialog: Exhibit A.
text: The beams sweep up, past a forest of paper hanging from crigs-
text: erossed clotheslines.
text: Hanging sheets of paper. Glossy in the dark. They're all
dialog: photographs...
scene_heading: OF JERICHO.
speaker_heading: DIC. FRANCIS (cont'd)
dialog: You were quite a hobby of his. ~~
text: Jericho shines the light on one of the images.
speaker_heading: ( JERICHO
dialog: This one's two days ago.
dialog: (beat - turns)
dialog: But these... these were taken months
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Well before the Ambassador hired us.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: So the question is, why you?
text: Chicago picks up some photographs of a dark brunette girl in
dialog: her mid-twenties. .
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Who's the locker?
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
text: Den’t know. But she's the only other
text: person in the photographs.
text: Jericho takes the photograph. He recognizes her as the woman .
text: who appeared in his apartment “vision" last night. a
dialog: ——
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Know who she is?
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Not a clue.
text: We push in on the photograph as we...
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MID-TOWN DAY CARE CENTER - DAY
text: CHRISTINE BETHLEHEM, the twenty five year old beauty, sits on
text: the floor amidst the madness of a bunch of pre-school kids,
text: some coloring pictures, some running wild. She plays
text: CATS'CRADLE with an adorable little GIRL while a little boy,
text: MATTHEW uses her head ag a road for his fire truck.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: When you're finished with your wish
dialog: pictures, bring them to me. Matthew,
dialog: my head ig not a street.
text: The fire truck gets wound around her hair.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW .
dialog: It's stuck, Christine. Mom!
text: Matthew runs to his MOM, leaving Christine with a fire truck
text: @angling from her head. JUDY, another day care worker, signs
text: children out to their parents. Christine good-naturedly tries
text: te untangle the truck.
text: Another little boy, PAUL comes over to Christine, hands har
text: his wish picture. It's a flying boy with hands full of candy.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Christiiiine. You got a hook and
dialog: ladder in your hair.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Thank you, Paul! If there's a fire,
dialog: I'll be ready for it. I like your
dialog: picture! Sometimes, I wish I could
dialog: fly, too.
text: Christine smiles sweetly. She leans forward to tie his loose
text: shoe. When she looks back up at Paul...
text: THE ROOM IS ON FIRE, CHILDREN AND PARENTS are BURNING.
text: SCREAMING IN PAIN!
text: Christine lets out a stifled screan.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: oguDy
dialog: What's wrong!
text: The room is back to normal. Christine looks up and everybody
text: is staring at her.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Nothing. I'm sorry. Nothing.
text: Paul runs off. Christine stands, staring blankly at the room.
text: She sinks into a child- size desk chair.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The MAN walks down the corridor toward the...
text: SHOOTER'S ROOM. The TWO COPS still stand guard. The Man heads
text: into the room, but the Cops jump in front of him.
speaker_heading: cor #1
dialog: Excuse me, siz. You can't go in there.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: O£ course I can.
text: He pushes between them. The cops block his way. —
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: What's your name, sir?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You know me. We've met.
text: The Man's face clouds and_goes dark.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Remember the Getman bust? I remenber
dialog: you. Officers Shapiro and Bartovski.
dialog: You gang-banged those two addicts and
dialog: left with their stash?
text: The Two Cops stare at each other in disbelief.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: You serve me.
text: The Man pushes past the two. They don't stop him.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Thomas, The Shooter lies still in his bed, catatonic. The Men
text: takes a seat next to hin. ~
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: Thomas, at last we meet, in the flesh.
text: Thomas opens his eyes. Terror. He tries to move, but the
text: restraints hold him down. The Man pops open Thomas' mouth. He
text: shakes his head and tasks.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Who's the harsher master, Thomas, him
dialog: {the Man looks up)
dialog: or me?
text: The Man rips open Thomas’ hospital gown. The Man puts his
text: hand on Thomas’ heart.
text: SWOLLEN LINES BURST across Thomas’ chest and stomach. ANCIENT
text: CONIEFORM lettering.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Your feeble attempt on the
dialog: Protector's life only served to warn
dialog: him. You've done Go@'s work in my
dialog: name. You understand the price of
dialog: your failure?
text: Thomas closes his eyes. He would pray if he could.
speaker_heading: ‘ CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT
dialog: We recognize it as the same hospital where Christine was
text: born. Jericho, Chicago and Detective Francis jog up the steps.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: How're we gonna question a guy with
dialog: uo tongue?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Be cas write, can't he?
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
text: Unless he’s cut off his hands.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ~ NIGHT
text: “ The three of them walk through the front doors into an
text: unbelievable den of horror. A handful of Cops and Orderlies
text: use billy-club choke holds to subdue a CRACK ADDICT gone mad.
speaker_heading: CRACK ADDICT
dialog: They've run out of drugs. It's the
dialog: aApgoalypee, man. Everything's gonna
dialog: 27.
dialog: -
text: The Crack Addict breaks free and rushes over to Jericho.
speaker_heading: CRACK ADDICT (cont'd)
dialog: You gotta stop it.
text: The cops pounce on the addict and wrestle him to the ground.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Pull moon tonight, huh?
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: It's a full moon every night down
dialog: here.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: The three of them cross to the hospital room guarded by the
dialog: two Cops.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: How's he doing?
text: The two cops step in front of the door.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Recovering. : =
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: I'd like to speak with him.
dialog: cop #2
dialog: He's under sedation. You'll have to
dialog: come back later.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: We just want to look in on him real
speaker_heading: CRe
speaker_heading: cor #1
dialog: I'm sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: I'm sorry, siz? Get out of the
dialog: way.
text: The two Cops cye each other again. Busted. They regretfully
text: step aside after a few beats. As Jericho, Chicago and Francis
text: enter the hospital room, we hold on the Cops’ expression.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS (0.S.)
dialog: What the fuck!
speaker_heading: GERICHO (0.S.) “~~
dialog: Get a doctor! Now! -
dialog: c)
dialog: 
dialog: 28.
text: One of the cops ventures inte...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM ~ DAY
text: And sees what the others were looking at.
text: THOMAS UP ON THE WALL. CRUCIFIED. NAILS IN EIS HANDS AND
text: FEET, HIS EYES GOUGED OUT AND HIS THROAT SLIT.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Jesus. What kind of a sick fuck does
dialog: that?
text: The cop pulls out his gun and checks the room, surprised that
text: no one else is in there.
text: The small hospital television remains on in the background.
text: The local News anchor reads the report, over video of dying
dialog: fish.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: eee authorities investigating several
dialog: oad occurrences, including the East
dialog: River, whose temperatures have shot
dialog: up twenty degrees in twelve hours...
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER TELEVISION -
speaker_heading: ANCEOR
dialog: eee leaving authorities to wonder if
dialog: it may be connected to the explosion
dialog: in Hell's Kitchen last night.
text: 1 out from the television and sees the Man watching it
text: window of an Electronic's Store. He turns and knocks
scene_heading: PUNK SKATEBOARDER. _
dialog: be
dialog: I
scene_heading: . SKATEBOARDER
dialog: Hey asshole, watch where you're going.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I like your shirt.
text: The kid's shirt says "Satan Rules‘.
dialog: Get lost, old man.
text: The Skateboarder mounts his skateboard and rolls off. The Man
text: watches him, smiling. A moment later the kid is hit by a city
dialog: ~ bus. :
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Cops and Doctors everywhere.
dialog: cop #1
dialog: And I'm telling you... nobody entered
text: the room. He must've done it to
dialog: himself.
text: Jericho grabs the Cop and turns his head toward the wall.
speaker_heading: - JERICHO
dialog: Yeah? Show me how.
text: Two orderlies lower the body to the bed. Francis spots the
text: lettering beneath the ripped surgical gown. He moves it aside
text: uncovering the PENTAGRAM raised on his flesh along with tha
text: ANCIENT WRITINGS.
speaker_heading: of. FRANCIS
text: Sust keeps getting weirder.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: What the hell does that say?
text: The DOCTOR leans over the writings.
dialog: I don't know what these others are :
dialog: but this is Hebrew... It says,
dialog: Bethlehem and... Jericho.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Jericho?
dialog: {to Doctor, re:
dialog: Chicago)
dialog: Did he tell you to say that?
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: I swear, Jer. I didn't. This is too
dialog: creepy, even for me.
text: Suddenly Thomas JUMPS and begins to flail. He's not dead! Ke
text: grabs the orderly and throws him across the roecn.
text: He stands. He's growling now and ON HIS FEET. The Orderlies
text: are screaming! Jericho reaches for his gun, but Thomas grabs
text: him by the lapels...
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (forced air whisper)
text: The battle is within.
text: Be collapses, falling face down on the ground, his head only -_
text: half-attached where his throat was cut. .
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Chicago and Detective Francis exit Thomas's room. They see
text: Jericho down the hall, sitting in the waiting room, nursing
text: a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: CEICAGO
text: He's spooked, and he don't spook.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: ZI think we should assign him some
dialog: protection.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Protect the protector? He'd just take
dialog: the assignment himself and tell you
dialog: he's never lost a client.
speaker_heading: OTC. FRANCIS:
dialog: Every streak's gotta end sometime.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: It's a Holy Crusade with hin. He
text: doesn't let go.
scene_heading: voTC. FRANCIS
dialog: ‘That just ain't healthy. He's gonna
dialog: erack.
dialog: * See, that's where you're wrong. He
dialog: cracked a long time ago. Only reason
dialog: be does this job's ‘cause he never
text: put himself back together.
text: They enter the waiting recom and cross to Jericho. Jericho
text: leoks up.
speaker_heading: JERICHO :
dialog: You think I'm in danger?
speaker_heading: Dtc. FRANCIS
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Then that girl in the picture's in
dialog: danger too. We have to find her.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: It's gonna take time Jer. We don't
dialog: even know her name. .
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Yes, we do.
dialog: (beat)
text: ‘a Bethlehem. Her name is Bethlehen.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - DAY ~s
text: Francis taps a keyboard.
text: ON A COMPUTER SCREEN: "Bethlehem appears.
text: A hundred names scroll up the screen.
scene_heading: DIC. FRANCIS
dialog: You wouldn't happen to have a first
dialog: mame would you?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: (to Chicago)
dialog: Go check in at work. Tell them we're
text: tracking down a security problem.
dialog: (to Francis)
dialog: Tell me again, where was he a priest?
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: The Man strides into the Sheep's Meadow. He considers the
text: ground, picks up some blades of grass. Smelis them. He
text: approves. He raises his hands and the grass begins to move.
text: Snakes, hundreds of them, erupt through the dirt. Sheep's
text: Meadow becomes a living, heaving mags.
text: Picnickers and Joggers scream as the reptiles twist around a“
dialog: their feet.
text: The Man murmurs some words in an ancient language and then
dialog: without warning...
text: THE SNAKES TRANSFORM into FIRE.
text: The people run in panic as the snakes join into a wall of
text: flames rising into the sky. Thick smoke billows upward
text: clouding over the sun.
text: A darkness settles on the city.
text: Then it stops. The flames disappear. .
text: We pull up over the smoldering ground and all that is left is
text: a MASSIVE PENTAGRAM seared into the Earth. For a few brief
text: moments the earth is translucent, we can see through the dirt
text: WRITHING BODIES of the damned just below the surface.
text: A PRETTY GIRL walks up to hin.
speaker_heading: PRETTY GIRL
dialog: < am she... Take me.
text: The Man looks into her eyes.
dialog: 
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You are not she. But consider
dialog: yourself taken.
text: He kisses her and when she is released, her eyes burn red.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH OF SAINT JOHN THE DIVINE - DAY
text: Jericho heads up the front steps of the world's largest
text: unfinished Cathedral.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH OF SAINT JOHN THE DIVINE - DAY
text: Jericho enters the cavernous cathedral. Stained glass windows
text: and votive candles provide dim lighting as he makes his way
text: up the pews. He sees a Priest hurriedly crossing the rows.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Excuse ma, Father.
text: FATHER MORPHY, late sixties, grey beard, pauses briefly.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: . Yes?
speaker_heading: . SERICHO
dialog: I need to ask you a few questions
dialog: about a Priest who used to work here.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: My name's Jericho. I'm with a private
text: security firn.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: If it‘s about Thomas, I've already
text: spoken to the police.
text: Father Murphy walks away.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Thomas was murdered.
scene_heading: PATBER MURPHY
dialog: = wasn't surprised. When you surround
dialog: yourself in fire, you're bound to be
text: consumed by the flame.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Would you happen to know who he
dialog: might've been involved with? Maybe a
dialog: eult or a religious group?
dialog: 33.
text: Father Murphy looks at Jericho, gauging him... how mch
dialog: should he say?
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: I haven't seen him in ten years. I
dialog: can't help you.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Father wait. He made an attempt on my
dialog: life yesterday, and I think he was
dialog: Planning one on a girl. I'm worried
dialog: whoever killed him may come after us.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: The girl? What girl?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: He had pictures of us.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: (urgency)
dialog: What's her name?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: We don't know yet. Why?
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: He found her.
text: Murphy abruptly turns and walks toward the rear of the
text: church. Jericho follows.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Who was Thomas? What did he know?
text: Murphy doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: SERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: (growing frustrated)
dialog: What aren't you telling me?
text: Morphy arrives at a large wooden door and turns to confront
dialog: Jericho. :
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Are you a religious man?
text: The question catches Jericho by surprise. His silence answers
dialog: for °
speaker_heading: FATHER MURPHY (cont'd)
dialog: If you can't even believe in God,
dialog: what makes you think you can
dialog: understand his adversaries.
dialog: (more)
dialog: “—m,
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: FATHER MURPHY (cont'd)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Good day.
text: Father Murphy pushes his way through a large wooden door and
text: closes it in Jericho's face.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Adversaries? What adversaries?
text: And the door closes.
text: Jericho furrews his brow. Deciding to follow Murphy, he
text: Pushes the wooden door open and finds himself on a carved
dialog: stone landing...
text: CIRCULAR STAIRS lead down into darkness. Jericho tentitively
dialog: descends.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Father?
text: He hears voices murmuring from below. As he rounds the corner
dialog: gees...
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND CHAMBER - DAY
text: AN OPEN ROOM the size of a football field. Hundreds of people
text: im religous garb are gathered around desks. Some are praying
text: over phone books, some are surveying maps of the city.
text: Pather Murphy is among them. He seems to be coordinating
dialog: activities with a number of other Religious Leaders. Jericho
text: takes a few more steps down and wonders at this hidden world.
text: Father Murphy looks up and sees Jericho at the bottom of the .
text: steps. He motions to a couple of YOUNG MEN who make their way
text: over to Jericho. Jericho retreats up the steps. _—
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - DAY
text: The subway lights click on and off as the train rattles down
text: the track. Christine thumbs through the children's drawings.
text: Bright Crayon Drawings. A child holding a mother's hand. A
text: field of sun flowers. A cow next to a barn. She stops on the
text: next picture. UGLY, ANGRY, Black and red crayon swirls with
text: a crude drawing of Christine inside. Letters are scrawled
text: across the drawing... "WELCOME TO HELL".
text: Christine looks at the drawing, upset and worried. There's no
text: name on it.
text: A homeless man stops and STARES AT HER, the same one who was
text: praying to the sewer. He closes his eyes.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: InT. DAY CARE CENTER - DAY —s
text: The Man surveys the room. He stoops and picks up the HOOK & —
text: LADDER TRUCK. Pieces of Christine's hair are still stuck to
text: it. He puts it to his nose and sniffs it.
text: Suddenly, he stops and closes his eyes, then opens them.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: There you are.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - DAY
text: The Homeless Man opens his eyes. He stands over her,
text: muttering.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
text: Christine. He's on his way.
text: When she hears her name, Christine jumps back, frightened.
text: The subway stops and as soon as the door opens, she flees.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EVENING
text: Christine emerges from the subway, spooked. The world looks
text: a little more sinister to her. She walks quickly up the —
text: street. Shapes move in the shadow. Seams to her she's being
text: watched. She breaks into a run.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - EVENING
text: Detecive Francis scrolls through DMV photos.
text: He stops on one. Push in... the driver's license picture
text: looks like the picture in Thomas's house.
speaker_heading: ore. FRANCIS
dialog: Gotcha.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Third floor walk up. Christine alights the steps to the
text: Janding. The bulbs lining the hallway flicker, dimming and
text: brightening. She quickens her pace, then runs to her door.
text: She fumbles with her keys, finally finding the right ons. She
text: hears footsteps coming up the stairs. Glances over her
text: shoulder. She turns the key in the lock and throws the door
dialog: open.
dialog: . 7
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: She's immediately grabbed by a BLACK CLAD COMMANDO. She
text: screams. Struggles. Breaks free. Into the arms of another
text: COMMANDO. She elbows him, and backs away. Another pounces on
text: her. She hits him, struggling to get away.
text: Christine breaks free and rushes into...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: +e. slamming the door shut. She grabs her phone and dials 911.
text: Tha phone's dead. Sha looks around. Looks out her window.
text: Three story drop.
text: SMASH! Her door splinters. SMASH! It splinters more.
text: She grabs her bedside table and throws it through the window,
text: shattering the glass.
text: SMASH! The Commandos have almost knocked the door down.
text: She runs for her closet, and closes the door shut behind her.
text: SMASH! The bedroom door comes down and the three Comnandos
text: spill into the room. One rushes to the window.
speaker_heading: COMMANDO #1
text: She must be in the roon.
text: Through the slatted door of the closet, Christine watches the
text: Commandos cover the bathroom and closet doors. She reaches
text: over and grabs a baseball bat.
text: They're right in front of her. She quietly lifts the baseball
text: bat as they open the door...
text: BAM! She swings the bat. But one of the Commandos grabs it
text: from her while the other two wrestle her to the ground. They
text: each take a limb as they pull her toward the bed.
text: They hold her face-down, spread eagle. She tries to twist
text: away, but they're too strong. The leader pulls a sack from
text: his bag and pulls it over her head.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Third floor walk up. Jericho, Francis and Chicago alight the
text: steps to the landing. The bulbs lining the hallway still
text: flicker, dimming and brightening. Zerie.
dialog: Carcaco
dialog: Are you sure this is the place?
dialog: 
dialog: 37.
text: Francis nods. They knock on Christine's door.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Miss Bethlehen?
text: They hear a scream from inside.
text: with swift blinding speed, Jericho kicks the door open. They
dialog: go in weapons drawn.
text: They see Christine, hands and feet bound, hooded, being
text: dragged across the carpet by the commandos. The Commandos
text: dive out of the way and open fire on Jericho. Jericho ducks
text: back in the hallway, pivoting back in every moment or so to
text: return fire. The Commandos race across Christine's apartment
text: and dive out the window bearing the fire escape, leaving
text: Christine bound on the floor. Jericho rushes to Christine's
text: aid as Chicago and Detective Francis pursue the Commandos.
text: Jericho pulls the sack from Christine's head and removes tho
text: blindfold. She begins to scream again.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Who are you? What's happening?!
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: “It's okay. We're the good guys.
text: Jericho starts to untie her. He notices a CREST emblazoned on
text: the blindfold: stitched in white, A SWORD WITH A SNAKE
text: WRAPPED AROUND IT.
scene_heading: Ext. FIRE ESCAPE - NIGET
text: Chicago chases one of the Commandos up the escape as Francis
text: races after the other two, but they hit the street running
text: well ahead of him. By the time he's on the street, they've
dialog: disappeared.
scene_heading: ExT. ROOF - NIGHT
text: Chicago chases his Commando over the row of black tar roof
text: tops. Chicago is inches away frem grabbing the man, when he
text: leaps from the three story roof, does a back flip and lands
text: in a gaxrbage dumpster. He springs to his feet and is gone
text: into the night.
scene_heading: Int. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Francis finishes questioning Christine.
dialog: _
dialog: ry
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I told you, I have no idea who they
dialog: were. I don’t know what they wanted.
dialog: Now do you mind telling me what's
dialog: going on! :
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Take it easy.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Take it easy? You weren't just jimped
dialog: in your own apartment.
text: Christine turns away. Jericho crosses and sits down next to
text: ber. He speaks quietly so no one can hear.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Christine... listen to me. This
dialog: attack... it could be related to a
text: murder at the hospital and an attempt
dialog: on my life.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: This isn't making ma feel any better.
speaker_heading: . JERICHO
dialog: We're trying to find a common thread.
dialog: Have you received any threatening
dialog: phone calla?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: (almost whispering)
dialog: Have you seen or heard anything...
dialog: out of the ordinary?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE —_—
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: JERICHO :
dialog: uike, people staring at you, saying
dialog: od4 things?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: It's happened to me.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: : CHRISTINE
text: ZI was in the day-care center, where
dialog: I work, and suddenly everything was
text: on fire. The children were burning.
dialog: Then, I found this picture...
text: Christine rises and goes to her book bag. She pulls out the
text: G@rawing of her in hell and shows it to Jericho.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE (cont'd)
dialog: Some of my kids have problems, but
dialog: not like this.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Hey girl!
text: Christine looks up and sees her roommate RACHEL, mid-
text: twenties, accompanied by an officer. Rachel gives her a big
dialog: hug.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (cont'd)
dialog: They told me what happened. Are you
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Not really. This is my roommate,
dialog: > Rachel. Jericho. Detective Francis
dialog: and... I forgot.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: n Chicago. Good to meet ya.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You all cops?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Rachel loves cops.
scene_heading: EXT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Cops push by Jericho and Chicago.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Call Guy, tell him to fire up the van.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Pull surveillance? Isn't that
dialog: overkill? She's got police protection.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Not good enough. Do me a favor, go to
dialog: the library...
dialog: cy
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Udibrary? Hello. Do you know what tine
dialog: it is?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: = don‘t care. Find me a book on
dialog: Medieval Heraldry.
text: Jeriche pulls the blindfold out of his pocket and examines it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: IBT. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jericho studies the apartment as Christine gives RACHEL a
dialog: goodnight hug.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You sure you want to stay hero
dialog: tonight? I seem to be attracting
dialog: - trouble. -
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: With all this manpower? You guys need
dialog: anything, I'm right in here.
text: Rachel checks out Jericho.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (cont‘d)
dialog: Goodnight Jericho.
speaker_heading: SERICEO
dialog: Leck your door.
text: Rachel mouths to Christine. “He's gorgeous." Christine rolls
text: her eyes at her.
speaker_heading: CERISTINE
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: « Rachel.
text: Rachel enters her bedroom and closes the door behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: A BLACK Vaw 4s parked on the curb. Inside...
dialog: Tar. vay -
text: High-tech surveillance. Video monitors. Chicago hits a bunch
text: of switches. Various angles of Christine and Rachel's
text: apartment appear on the screens.
dialog: 7 . x
dialog: 41.
dialog: Okay, we're hot.
text: Chicago can see Christine and Jeriche in the living room of
dialog: the apartment.
scene_heading: IN THE MONITOR -
speaker_heading: SERICHO
dialog: (into walkie-talkie)
dialog: Secure the perimeter and give me a
dialog: rolling record.
text: Chicago hits another set of buttons.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
text: Copy. Perimeter is armed and active.
dialog: Nothing gets close without. us knowing.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jericho heads toward the front door, opening it. Christine
dialog: stops hin.
speaker_heading: CERISTINE
dialog: Where are you going? ane
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Down to the van. We'll be right
dialog: downstairs and you have a policeman
text: just outside the door.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I hate to sound like a wimp, and I
dialog: swear to God I'm not hitting on you,
dialog: but I'd feel a lot better if you
dialog: stayed here.
text: Jericho nods, closes the door and locks it.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The Man peers at the Black Van from a dark alley across the
text: street. A HOMELESS MAN comes over to cur Man.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
dialog: Hey Buddy, not here. This is ny alley.
text: The Man turns and takes the homeless man around his neck and
text: whispers to him in a low guttural tongue. The Man releases “~—,
text: him and the homeless man wanders away in a daze, tears
text: streaming out of his burning red eyes.
dialog: .
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN (cont'd)
text: I knew it. I knew the end was near.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Christine pours a cup of coffee and hands it to Jericho.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Thanks.
text: The black blindfold is spread out on the kitchen table.
text: Jericho pours over a book of Medieval Heraldry. Christine
text: sits down across from hin.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You said you'd seen things. Can you
dialog: tell me what?
text: Jericho looks up at the surveillance equipment.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I'd vather not.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Gotcha. Been doing this long?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: ( Protecting pecple?
speaker_heading: CERISTINE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SERICHO
dialog: About fifteen years.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I've never done anything for more
dialog: than six months. I sort of like what _—
dialog: Z'm doing now, but... I've always had
dialog: this feeling like there's something
dialog: I'm supposed to be doing and I
dialog: haven't quite hit on it yet.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You'll find it. It just takes time.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - NIGET
text: Chicago and Guy have trouble staying awake. A shadow passes
text: one of the windows. Neither of them notice.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT -
text: A dark alley. The Man, mostly in shadow, eyes the apartment
text: window and then the black van and police car.
text: The Man turns toward the alley wall and unzips his pants.
text: after a beat, a stream of piss-splashes off the wall. We
text: follow as it trickles down the alleyway and into the street.
text: It flows until it puddles up underneath the van.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jericho turns a few more pages, then stops. He's found what
text: he's looking for. The Herald. A black background with a white
text: sword, the image of the snake wrapped around it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: That's it!
text: Bis finger runs over to the text beneath it.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: They're a sub-herald of the Templar
dialog: Fnights of St. John... Considered
dialog: themselves God's Warriors...
dialog: Jericho stops reading out loud. -
speaker_heading: CERISTINE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: They claimed the Devil would return
dialog: to Earth and devour all men's souls,
dialog: even the righteous. See the Satanic
dialog: Prophesies, End of Days.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: The people who tried to kidnap me
dialog: were Devil ppers?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Actually, no. They called thamselvos
dialog: the Army of Good. But it says here
dialog: they disbanded in 1375.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I don't believe this. What would they
dialog: want with me? I mean, I'm nobody
dialog: special.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: That's what we're trying to find out. am
dialog: a4.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The Man finishes pissing and zips up. He casually pulls out
text: a cigarette, sticks it in his mouth. Once again the cigarette
text: LIGHTS on its own. Turns back and drops his cigarette into
text: the urine stream. It IGNITES like gasoline, quickly burning
text: toward the van.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. VAN - NIGHT
text: Chicago sniffs.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Bey... you smell something?
dialog: Guy
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Gasoline?
text: Chicago crosses to the rear of the van, opens the door and...
speaker_heading: BOOM!
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT - NIGET
text: Jericho bolts up from the Kitchen table. He rushes to the
text: window just in time to see the FLAMING VAN LAND ON TOP OF THE
text: POLICE CAR in a ball of fire.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Get down! Get down!
text: Christine drops to the ground.
text: The Man walks through the burning fire and to the building.
text: He stops briefly over Chicago's body, face down on the
text: cement. He stoops and touches Chicago on the neck. No
text: movement. He rises and heads into the building.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jericho takes Christine by the hand.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Come on.
text: As they run to the front door...
dialog: 4s.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Ob my God! Wait! Rachel!
text: Christine breaks free from Jericho and races to Rachel's
text: room. The bedroom door flings open.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE (cont'd)
dialog: Rachel, wa've got to go.
text: Rachel grabs Christine's arm.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: No. Wait.
speaker_heading: CSRISTINE -
dialog: Are you insane?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Be's coming.
text: Christine backs away, but Rachel holds onto her arn.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Rachel, let go. You're bruising me.
text: Rachel has grabbed Christine's other wrist. She pulls her
text: dato the middle of the apartment.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Finally, Chris. After all these
text: years, watching and waiting, he's
dialog: finally come.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: tet her go!
text: Jericho grabs Rachel's arm to pull her fingers from
text: Christine's wrist. Christine, confused, twists away. Rachel
text: growls and claws at Jericho. But he frees Christine. They
text: rush toward the decor.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (DEMON VOICE)
dialog: Bot
text: Rachel flies across the room and slams into the door baring
text: their way. Her eyes roll back in her head. Her voice deepens.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (cont'd; DEMON VOICE)
dialog: You cannot leave.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Watch us.
text: Jericho grabs Rachel and wrestles her out of the way. Rachel
text: begins to tremble, as if in a rage. Her EYES GLOW with fire.
dialog: -_
dialog: ~
dialog: 46.
text: Scales break through her skin and talons emerge from her
dialog: hands
dialog: .
speaker_heading: RACHEL (DEMON VOICE)
dialog: You cannot take her.
text: And now THE BEAST towers over them, like seme monstrous
text: alien. It turns toward Christine.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (cont'd; DEMON VOICE)
dialog: FPorsake the protector and give
dialog: yourself to him! He will give you
dialog: eternity.
text: Jericho pulls out his sidearm. The DEMON strikes hin, sending
text: him flying across the room.
text: The Beast moves toward Christine. She backs away, cowering.
text: It recoils to strike at her, but as it does, Jericho fires,
text: SEVERAL TIMES. The beast SCREAMS the scream of a woman, then
dialog: falls.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: The elevator opens and the Man walks down the corridor toward
text: Rachel's deor, and just as he gets there...
text: It opens.
text: Rachel falls into the hallway, covered in blood.
text: The Man steps over her and enters the apartment.
text: No sign of Jericho or Christine.
text: The Man sniffs the air... he follows thea scent back into the
text: hallway. Sniffs again.
text: Shakes his bead and punches the wall. A hole shatters in the
dialog: plaster.
text: He hears sirens in the background.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Sericho and Christine rush out into the street.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Tell me you saw that.
speaker_heading: TERICHO
dialog: = saw it. But I don't believe it...
dialog: and neither will anyone else.
dialog: 47.
text: They're almost hit by a police cruiser screaming down the
text: road. Jericho WAVES HIS ARMS, and the cruiser skids to a halt.
scene_heading: EXT. CERISTINE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGET
text: Ambulances and police cars surround the still burning van and
text: police cruiser as FIRE FIGHTERS try to put out the flames.
text: The Man stands watching. Nearby a COP keys his mike.
dialog: cop
dialog: Negative, negative. Only thing
text: upstairs is a dead body.
scene_heading: Int. PRECINCT STATION - NIGHT
text: Christine sits by a desk as a cop types up her report. She
text: leoks around nervously. All the other suspects seem to be
text: staring at her. Most of them have red eyes. A HOOKER chews
text: her own flesh and leers at her, blowing her a kiss. She
text: closes her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The Man closes his eyes, then opens them. He turns away from a
text: the wreckage. He's seen her.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT STATION - NIGHT
text: The Hooker opens her eyes.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Stop staring at me!
dialog: Christine turns away. |
text: The Hooker glances at the Susinessman in handcuffs. smiles.
text: al the table we see her arms strain. Her handcuffs snap
scene_heading: TNT. POLICE STATION, INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: ‘NYPD cinder block chic. Bolted down table and chairs.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What about Chicago?
speaker_heading: orc. FRANCIS
dialog: D.O.A.
dialog: ™
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: And upstairs?
dialog: He shakes
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: Jer... there wag no monster. Only a
dialog: dead girl shot five times... by your
dialog: gun. .
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I know what I saw.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: took, I've known you, what? Twelve
dialog: years? But if you were me, would you
dialog: believe that story?
dialog: his head. He's an honest man.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: You tell me what's more logical? A
text: man, on edge, weapon drawn, is
text: startled by a girl and accidentally
dialog: pops her, or that the laws of physics
dialog: ehange and that girl becomes some
dialog: kind of monster?
speaker_heading: JERICHO -
text: She saw it too.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: We called up the records on the girl,
dialog: you know. Looks like death is her
text: Francis tosses her file onto the desk in front of hin.
speaker_heading: Dre. FRANCIS (cont'd)
dialog: She's had four boyfriends die on her
dialog: in six years. Her parents died when
dialog: she was 10.
text: Jericho thumbs through the file.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Car accident, OD, plane crash and
dialog: suicide.
speaker_heading: Dt. FRANCIS
dialog: She a reguiar Dr. Kevorkian. Listen,
dialog: I'm sorry, Jer.
text: Francis takes out a pair of handcuffs and slaps them on
text: Jericho's wrists.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS (cont'd)
dialog: I don‘t like having to do this, but
dialog: ZI gotta hold you.
text: BAM! BAM! Gunshots outside the door followed by a loud
text: commotion.
scene_heading: EXT. CORRIDOR ~ NIGHT
text: Cops run down the hallways with their billy clubs out.
text: Francis stops one of then.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: What's going on!
dialog: cop
dialog: Riot.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Riot?
text: Francis follows the cop. Jericho is up and after him, still
text: cuffed.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT’ =
text: A ring of cops surround Christine swinging their clubs as a
text: DOZEN suspects try tc break through their ranks.
text: Individual brawls break off the main melee as cops and
text: criminals square off. The Hooker and the Businessman manage
text: to grab Christine and pull her toward the door. The Hooker
text: waves a gun, fending off cops.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Christine!
text: Jericho sees her across the crowded precinct floor. He tries
text: to go to her, but he's attacked.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION, RECEPTION - NIGHT
text: The Man pushes his way past sickos and psychos toward the
text: front desk. He walks past the Desk Sergeant.
scene_heading: DESK SERGEANT
dialog: Hey! You can't go back there.
text: The Man doesn't break stride. The Desk Sergeant follows.
text: Grabs him by the shoulder. The Man turns and stares into the
dialog: Desk Sergeant's eyos. ~
dialog: 7:
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Do they know you like little boys,
dialog: Sergeant?
text: The Sergeant backs away. Frightened.
text: TRE MAN walks down the corridor, sniffing as if he's caught
dialog: @ scent.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: Hands cuffed together, Jericho fights off a sea of attackers
text: and bulls his way acrosrg the roo.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Jericho!
text: She struggles against her attackers, frees herself, only to
text: be tackled again.
text: Jericho fights like a man possessed, tossing bodies out of
text: the way, suffering blows from billy clubs. The Hooker spots
text: him and fires several times, Jericho dives behind a desk.
text: He grabs a desk lamp and throws it at the Hooker. As she
text: ducks, he leaps, slamming into her and knocking the gun from
text: her hand. The businessman grabs him, but Jericho smashes his
text: palms against the bridge of the man's nose, shattering it.
text: Jericho grabs a gun. But suddenly... everything becomes
text: quiet. Everyone stops fighting.
text: They all turn slowly and see the Man. Most of them eye hin
text: like dogs staring at their master. As the Man walks, he
text: touches their outstretched hands. One cops steps in front of
text: bin, but the Man touches him and the cop steps away.
text: The Man finds Christine half-hiding bebind Jericho at the
text: opposite end of the large room. Jericho's got the gun leveled
dialog: at Man.
speaker_heading: aN
dialog: Hello Christine.
text: Christine's face flickers with a dull red light. The Man
text: calmly walks towards Jericho and Christine. He reaches out
text: his arms as if to embrace his long lost love.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Christine, there's nothing to fear.
text: Christine, entranced, moves from behind Jericho and reaches
text: out towards the Man. Jericho pushes down her arm and blocks
text: ber with his body.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: JERICHO ,
dialog: Don't let him touch you.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I'm what you've been waiting for,
dialog: Christine. He can't keep you safe,
dialog: but I can.
text: The man is getting closer. Jericho waves his gun at the Man.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Stay back.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Let me go. Then this will be over. He
dialog: won't hurt me. .
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You're wrong.
text: Jericho drops the gun, grabs Christine and throws his body
dialog: back...
text: Through the precinct window.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT . =~
text: Jericho shields Christine as he explodes through the glass,
text: falling half a story to the concrete. He's tucked so the two
text: of them roll when they hit the ground. He pushes Christine to
text: her feet. She sees he's normal again.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
speaker_heading: Runt
text: Christine looks around as though she's just come to. He
text: propels her forward, struggling up after her.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Run!
dialog: They do.
scene_heading: _ INT. POLICE STATION - NIGET
text: The Man looks straight at Francis. Unspeakable horror, than
text: dneredible calm pass over his face.
speaker_heading: DTC. FRANCIS
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Alert all units. I want them brought
dialog: back alive. :
text: The Man nods in praise.
dialog: ———.
scene_heading: ExT. CENTRAL PARK - NIGHT
text: Running full speed. Jericho pulls Christine into Central
text: Park. Safely away from everybody, he grabs her and hides her
text: deneath an underpass. Sirens scream through the night.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
text: It's like a nightmare.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Maybe when the sun comes up, we'll
dialog: find out it was.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I wanted to go to him. I had this
text: intense, overwhelming animal
text: attraction for him but at the same
dialog: time, there's a part of me that was
dialog: totally repulsed. Who is he, Jericho?
speaker_heading: SERICHO
dialog: I don’t even want to guess. But until
dialog: we find out, we're going to keep you
dialog: as far from him as we can.
speaker_heading: CBRISTINE
dialog: I hardly know you and my life's in
dialog: your hands.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I'm used to it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I'm not used to trusting anyone. It's
dialog: nice. In the morning, if we do wake
dialog: up and none of this has happened, I'm
dialog: gonna look for you.
text: No time to contemplate that one. Just then a man emerges from
text: the darkness of the park. He raises his arm, points at
text: Christine and SCREAMS.
text: Other men and women emerge from dark alleys, lurching toward
text: Christine and Jericho like the walking dead. They too begin ©
text: to scream. Pointing at her.
text: Jericho grabs her arm as this circle of lost souls closes in
text: on them. The screaming masses rush after them as the two of
text: them rush into the darkness.
text: The Man walks along the outer edge of Central Park. He hears
text: a chorus of screaming in the distance. He closes his eyes and
text: listens. Then turns into the park.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - NIGHT -_~
text: Jericho and Christine push through the underbrush. Feet
text: scurry about. People running all around thea.
text: Jericho and Christine emerge in a small clearing. Blank faces
text: walk toward them, pointing and screaming.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What are they?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Z don't know.
text: Jericho and Christine duck back into the brush and run. Tree
text: branches seem to reach cut, grabbing at them.
text: ANOTHER CLEARING - they emerge... but the dammed faces are
text: still there. Bodies shuffling toward then.
text: They duck back into a wooded pathway and run. They push
text: through more bushes and emerge onto the Park Drive.
text: Caught in headlights. Tires screech.
text: A POLICE CAR alides to a halt, broadsiding Jericho and
text: Christine. Enough force to knock them on their ass, but not
text: enough to do serious damage. They're hit by a spotlight. -_
text: TWO COPS emarge, immediately drawing guns.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Hands! Let me see your hands!
text: Jericho and Christine shade their eyes and raise they're
text: hands. Jericho's still wearing the cuffs from the Station.
speaker_heading: : COP (cont'd)
text: Face down on the ground.
speaker_heading: SERICHO
dialog: (to Christine)
dialog: Do it.
text: The two have no choice but to comply.
text: dust then, they hear the howls and see the shadows coming out
text: of the darkness. The cop backs away frem Jericho and shines
text: his spotlight. Sees the Howlers.
dialog: cor
dialog: What the bell is this?
text: The Howlers keep coming. Behind them is the Man. _ =)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: COP (cont'd)
dialog: You are interfering with a police
dialog: action. Stay back! Stay back!
text: The Howlers keep coming. The cop fires a warning shot in the
text: air. The Howlers keep coming. Christine and Jericho tense.
text: Jericho tilts his head slightly motioning toward the police
text: car. Christine nods.
text: The Cop, nervous, fires a second warning shot. And still they
dialog: keep coming.
text: Tires squeal.
text: The cops whip around and see their police cruiser hauling ass
text: away, Christine in the drivers’ seat. When they turn back
dialog: around,
text: , they come face to face with the Man, who touches them
dialog: both.
dialog: Pind her.
text: The Howlers disperse as the sky cracks with lightnizg.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: Christine pulls out of the Park. Jericho hits the glove
text: compartment open and pulls out a set of CUFF KEYS. He unlocks
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You know 8t. John's?
speaker_heading: CERISTING
dialog: Yeah, but let me warn you, I hate
dialog: .
dialog: cor TO:
text: CLOSE ON: A wooden door. Large fist banging.
text: YATHER MURPHY opens the dcor. Sees Jericho and Christine.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Is she the girl?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 5S.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Quickly then.
text: He pulls them in and shuts the door behind them. Sirens wail
text: in the background.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH OF SAINT JOHN THE DIVINE - DAY
scene_heading: FATHER MORPHY .
dialog: This way. Did anyone see you come?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I don't think so.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Then we should be safe.
text: Father Murphy signals to two other priests. They step in and
text: guard the door.
speaker_heading: PATHER MURPHY (cont'd)
dialog: zon did the right thing bringing her
dialog: 8.
text: As they cross the church, Jericho looks into the faces of the
text: frightened people who have coms to pray.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Father, can you tell us what's going
dialog: on?
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: I can, but it will be almost
dialog: impossible for you to believe.
text: Murphy leads them to through the wooden decor and down the
text: circular staircase.
scene_heading: WT. UNDERGROUND CHAMBER ~ NIGHT
text: It locks like a creepy version of a newsroom, with dozens of
text: people _ reming around with updates. He introduces himself to
dialog: Chris e
scene_heading: FATHER MORPHY
dialog: I'm Father Murphy.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Christine Bethlehen.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: You'll excuse the chaos, but some
dialog: very scary shit is going on right now.
dialog: !
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: We know. We've seen it.
text: They're joined by FATHER PETERS, a priest in his mid-thirties.
speaker_heading: FATHER PETERS
dialog: It's spreading like a cancer. We're
text: losing people all over the city.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Not a cancer... It's a spider web
dialog: spreading to catch it's fly.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What is?
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
text: The evil. The more souls he takes the
dialog: stronger he gets.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Various shots - As the RED EYED minions walk. Not just
text: homeless, but well-dressed stockbrokers and lawyers. Just
dialog: like you and me, except for the dull red in their constantly
text: shifting eyes. :
text: Entering bars, drifting into subways, getting into fights,
text: shooting heroin, fucking in the dark shadows of the streets.
text: Father Murphy lays a leather bound manuscript down on a
dialog: worktable.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPEY
dialog: The Satanic Prophecies. The original
dialog: scrolls were written over seven
dialog: thousand years ago, and discovered by
dialog: Joseph of Arimathea, when he was
dialog: guardian of the Holy Grail.
text: Yather Murphy opens up the five hundred year old book. The
text: one from the opening Vatican scene.
speaker_heading: FATHER PETERS
dialog: As you can see, they chronicle the
text: End of Days. The coming of the age of
dialog: darkness.
dialog: The age of darkness. You mean
dialog: Judgement Day.
scene_heading: FATHER PETERS -—
dialog: No. Something far worse. .
scene_heading: PATHER MURPHY
dialog: On Judgement Day, the righteous are
text: saved. They ascend to heaven. But at
dialog: the End of Days there is no
dialog: galvation, only a new hell brought to
dialog: Earth by the Devil himself.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I‘ve never heard of it.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: fhe church isn't anxious for people
dialog: to know that in some scriptures, even
dialog: the righteous can be damned.
scene_heading: INT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: A crazed prophet waves the Bible around talking to anybody
dialog: who might listen.
speaker_heading: PROPHET
dialog: A day will come, sinners, that you
dialog: will be judged. And Jesus shall know
dialog: - your sins.
text: A couple of red-eyed FRAT BOYS sidle up to either side of
text: him. The Prophet backs away. The Frat Boys pounce and begin
text: beating on the Prophet. A few pedestrians try to break up the
text: fight. Suddenly more people become involved.
text: Bricks sail... thrown into glass storefronts. People begin
text: looting. It’s an out and out riot.
text: In a matter of seconds, Times Square is rioting.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Father Murphy turns the pages of the antique manuscript...
text: illuminated with different hand-painted illustrations of men,
text: through the ages, battling a GREAT BEAST with a GLOWING SWORD.
scene_heading: YATHER MURPEY
dialog: According to the prophecy, Satan
dialog: can't be imprisoned forever. Once a
dialog: millennium, through the alignment of
dialog: Heaven and Earth, he is freed from -
dialog: his prison.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Bisten, I've seen things I can't
dialog: explain. But Satan? No.
dialog: ry
dialog: They lock
dialog: s8.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: The devil's greatest trick was to
dialog: convince the world he didn't exist.
dialog: The modern age has all but killed
dialog: him. But Nullus diablus, aullus
dialog: redemptor.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What does that mean?
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: I£ you have no devil, then there is
dialog: no reedemer. If you deny the Devil,
dialog: you deny God.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Father, what doas he want?
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: In the three days before the New
dialog: Year, if the Dark Angel can carry his
text: chosen mortal bride back across
text: Hell's threshold, the wall between
dialog: hell and earth will fall.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Woy three days?
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Yor the holy trinity.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: The woman... how is she chosen?
speaker_heading: FATHER NURPHY
text: By his legions of followers. The
text: signs indicate she was born dune ¢6th,
dialog: 1975.
text: at Christine. she quietly takes a seat and nods.
speaker_heading: FATHER MURPHY (cont'd)
dialog: According to the Prophecy, he will
text: join with her, and their half-mortal
dialog: son will reign over a new
dialog: here on earth. All souls, even the
dialog: righteous will be damned. —
speaker_heading: CERISTINE
dialog: Hell on Earth.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Even if what you were saying is true,
dialog: surely God wouldn't allow that.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: God does not say he will save us,
dialog: Jericho. He says we will save
dialog: ourselves.
scene_heading: . FATHER PETERS
dialog: He gave us free will. Evil is not his
dialog: battle. It's ours.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: We've been around for thousands of
dialog: years. We've yet to see Heil on Earth.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: te is written that a Protector will
dialog: always come forth, a righteous
text: warrior, to keep the girl from harm.
text: Jericho looks at the illustrations in the book.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: And how do they defeat the Devil...
dialog: with a sword?
speaker_heading: PATHER PETERS
dialog: ie is not just a sword, it's a
dialog: metaphor for faith.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: And who is the protector?
scene_heading: YATHER MURPHY
dialog: God only knows.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (to Jericho)
dialog: Maybe it's you.
text: Father Peters shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FATHER PETERS
dialog: The Protector is a man of great faith
dialog: ana virtue. No offense, but I don’t
dialog: think he's a candidate.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: This is a fairy tale, Christine.
dialog: Something's going on, but the Devil
dialog: dsn‘t walking the earth.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: ‘X felt him, Jericho. I felt hin.
dialog: 
dialog: vy
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SERICEO
dialog: I know you believe. But it isn’t
dialog: real. There's some other explanation.
speaker_heading: FATHER PETERS
dialog: Jericho, as sure as God is in heaven,
dialog: the Devil is real. And if Thomas
dialog: found this woman, she might very well
dialog: be the one he's coming for.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: He had pictures of me tco.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: The Vatican sent Thomas because he
dialog: was sensitive to certain spiritual
dialog: matters. He could see things others
dialog: couldn't. I don’t know what role you
dialog: play, if any, but my guess is -
dialog: you've already played it by bringing
dialog: her here. We'll protect her now.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Do you have weapons?
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Of course not. This is a church.
text: Sericho looks at Christine.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Wait here for me.
text: He heads out the decor.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - DAWN
text: The sun is a mall red blot on the gathering clouds of fire.
text: In Times Square we can see the aftermath of a riot. Burning
text: Cars. Half naked people scurry across the street. Occasional
text: gumplay. We push in on the GIANT DIANOND VISION SCREEN.
speaker_heading: MEWSCASTER (V.0)
dialog: eee What some psychiatrists are
dialog: describing as a mass delusion, or mob
text: mentality, but the devastation is
dialog: unreal...
text: On the screen we see a newscast video of Manhattan at night.
text: The image is broken. Shifting. Behind the reporter, hundreds
text: ef people break shop windows and loot. Pedestrians are being
dialog: aten.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (T.V.)
dialog: eee 8 thousands of people, roam the
text: streets, acting without conscience.
dialog: The Mayor of New York had this to say.
text: The screen cuts to THE MAYOR'S PRESS ROOM -
speaker_heading: MAYOR (T.V.)
dialog: We're asking all New Yorkers to
dialog: please stay calm and stay inside
dialog: while we attempt to control the
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (T.V.)
dialog: Siz, is is true you've just met with
dialog: the Archbishop?
speaker_heading: MAYOR (T.V.}
dialog: Yes, and we're confident that the
dialog: good people of this city will help us
dialog: through this crisis.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (T.V.)
dialog: siz. The rivers boiling and the
dialog: sky... are we seeing the signs of the
dialog: apocalypse?
text: Obviously disturbed, the Mayor steps down.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (T.V.)
dialog: The police are cut, and we will get
dialog: this situation under control. Until
dialog: then I would urge everyone to stay
dialog: ealn.
text: The screen cuts back to THE NEWSCASTER.
text: A crazed man wanders through the square and looks up at the
dialog: @iamond vision.
speaker_heading: CRAZED NAN (T.V.)
dialog: Tt‘'s the end of the world, man. Ain't
dialog: it cool.
text: A cop walks down the alley behind Jericho's apartment
text: building, past a HOMELESS DRIFTER rummaging through the
text: trash. After the cop has passed, the homeless man turns
text: around. It's JERICHO, dressed in rags. When the cop turns the
text: far alley corner, Jericho checks left and right. All clear.
text: He leans down and pulls up a grate, dropping down into a -
dialog: ~ wdndow well that looks in on the laundry recom. __ “_
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: Int. LAUNDRY ROOM = DAY
text: Jericho levers the window up and slips inside the roon.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: He peers down the hallway. There's a cop waiting outside his
text: door. He slips back around the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH OF SAINT JOHN THE DIVINE ~- DAY
text: Black shadows scurry across the buttresses of the Cathedral.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH OF SAINT JOHN THE DIVINE - DAY
text: More faithful have gathered in the church to pray.
text: Christine sits in a pew in front of the deminating figure of
text: Christ. She's badly shaken.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Some things are beyond reason. Some
dialog: things you just have to accept.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What will happen to me, Father?
text: Father Murphy reaches under his collar and pulls out a
text: necklace chain with a cross on it.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: I've had this since my confirmation.
dialog: It's always kept me safe.
text: He offers it to her.
speaker_heading: CHRISTI
dialog: Think it'll help?
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: You never know.
text: As it nears her, the metal begins to glow bright red. rather
text: Murphy pulls it away. The metal calms. Brings it in close to
text: her. It glows again.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Z guess even God can't help me now.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Jericho leans around the corner and sees a team of cops
text: coming out of hig apartment, led by Detective Francis.
text: Francis locks the door and gives instructions to his men as
text: the team heads to the elevators.
text: A moment later the hallway is empty. Jericho heads toward his
text: fzvont door, fumbling with his keys. He opens the door and
text: slips into the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JERICHO'S PENTHOUSE - DAY
text: Jericho moves rapidly, crossing to his closet. He runs his
text: hand along the rail, hitting a trip button. A small trap door
text: Pops open. He pulls a bag out of his closet. He unzips it.
text: Inside are several high caliber hand guns. He grabs a box of
text: Clips and dumps them into the bag. He feels around on the
text: shelf above him and pulls down a small biack bag.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Where did you take the girl?
text: Jericho whips around, gun in his hand.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Stay where you are.
text: Jericho holds his gun level at the Man. The Man sniffs.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I can smell her on you. Where is she?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
text: Somewhere safe. Somewhere where she
dialog: won't be found.
text: The Man strolls to the bureau and picks up the ola photograph
dialog: of Jericho's wife and son.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Nice, family... too bad God took
dialog: them. I know the emptiness you feel,
dialog: to lose that kind of love. still eats
dialog: you up inside, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Jericho?
text: The voice coties from the other room. And another lifetine.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (cont'd; 0.S.)
dialog: Jericho, I'm in here.
dialog: of
dialog: 64.
text: A pair of hands grabs him and turns him into...
text: A kiss.
text: Jericho pulls away and sees EMILY, his wife. She's dressed
text: all in white and looks angelic.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Emily? Emily... is that you?
text: The room is different now. Warmer, more inviting. Art on the
text: walls, oriental rugs on the floor. A fire in the fire place.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: What sort of trick is this.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No trick. It's really her.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I'm so happy you're home. I missed
dialog: you so much.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Emily?
text: Jericho sees his son, DAVID,. lying asleep on the couch.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: David...
text: He crosses to him. Kneels. Brushes the hair back on his face.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: He's just how I remember hin.
text: He blinks awake.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (sleepy)
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: See how easy it is to make the pain
dialog: go away.
text: Jericho hugs his son. Holding him like there's no tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: To show you what it could be like.
dialog: Remember your life before, full of
dialog: love, and music and flavor? I can.
dialog: give it back to you.
dialog: 65.
text: Baily touches Jericho on the shoulders, rubs them softly. —
speaker_heading: MAN (cont ‘d)
dialog: All those nights lying in the dark
dialog: trying to remember what her touch
dialog: felt like. And her voice, you tried
text: so hard to remember, but couldn't.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: It's gonna be okay now, Jer. It's
dialog: gonna be alright.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Remember the smell of your son's
dialog: bair, the first time he caught a
dialog: football. All these things you had
dialog: locked away... and here they are,
dialog: yours for the taking.
text: Jericho looks around the room. His house... his home. Yes,
text: home. For the first time in fifteen years it feels like home.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: ZT can give it all back to you. You
dialog: won't miss a single moment.
speaker_heading: SERICHO -
dialog: Until the End of Days. =~
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Beyond that. I can give it all to you.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: It's not real.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Is a dream real if you never wake up?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You've given so mich for so many
dialog: years. Now it's tine to take.
dialog: Yorget the world, Jericho, think
dialog: about yourself. All you have to do is
dialog: tell me where she is.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What‘s going to happen to her?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Does it matter? She's nobody to you.
dialog: You don't even know her.
text: Jericho looks into Enily's eyes.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Your time is running out. Tell me. . -_
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: This isn't what happened? They
dialog: shouldn't be here.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Why not? Who would deny you this?
text: dericho takes his arms from Emily.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont ‘d)
dialog: Just tell me where she is.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: ZI have to protect her.
text: The room darkens. Emily and David begin to fade.
speaker_heading: SERICHO (cont ‘d)
dialog: Emily... David...
text: Memory bit - BAN! A bullet hits Emily in the chest.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Oh God. Jericho!
text: A mich younger Jericho dives for her. BAM! David falls,
text: covered in blood. David looks up at Jeriche...
text: Jericho opens his eyes. His apartment is back to the way it
dialog: was.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I can be your best friend, Jericho,
dialog: oz your worst nightmare. Help me and
dialog: I‘ll give you all that you desire. —
text: Jericho turns to face the Man.
speaker_heading: ERICHO
dialog: Mowe.
speaker_heading: . MAN
dialog: Very well. I°11 ask you once more,
dialog: and then I'll get violent. Where's
dialog: the girl?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Go to hell.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Sometimes hell comes to you.
text: The Man moves swiftly, grabbing Jericho by the throat and
text: lifting him off the ground. This guy is unbelievably strong.
dialog: 
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd) ”
dialog: She's mine. She's always been mine.
text: Jeriche dangles a foot off the ground. The Man slans Jericho
text: against the glass, presses his face up against it.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Leok down. See them. See the little
dialog: ants. Look at them. That's all you
dialog: are to me. Now tell me, where's the
dialog: girl?
text: The MAN smashes him against the glass. It cracks. He SLAMS
text: him again, and a webwork of cracks spread.
dialog: Exterior shot -
text: Jericho bounces off the window. Shards of glass buckle out
text: and rain down on the street, far, far, far below. We see that
dialog: we're a hundred stories up.
dialog: ' Interior -
text: The glass begins to give in shards as the MAN slams Jericho
dialog: against it.
text: Jericho has no choice but to OPEN FIRE at the Man with his aa
text: GLOCK 17. The bullets explode into the MAN. Huge exit holes
text: rip through his flesh spewing not blood, BUT MOLTEN FIRE.
text: C The Man reels back, wounded, and then regains his balance and
text: knocks the gun from Jericho.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Do you know who I am? Do you know my
dialog: power?
speaker_heading: : JERICHO
dialog: Z'm not afraid of you. -_
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You should be.
text: With a final burst of power, the Man smashes Jericho against
text: the window, shattering it completely. He lets go of Jericho
dialog: , and Jericho FALLS...
text: _ coe Bis hand reaching out ...
dialog: eee Grabbing ...
text: The EDGE OF THE WINDOW FRAME with his hand. He clings to the
text: frame, the GLASS SHARDS CUTTING into his hands.
text: JERICHO LOOKS DOWN. A 100 story plummet. Hanging by a thread.
dialog: =
dialog: So
dialog: 68.
text: Jericho tries pulling himself up, but a BOOT descends on his
text: blecdied hand. The MAN looks down on him, speaks in a caln
dialog: measured tone.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
text: It's a long way down.
text: The Man takes a piece of glass and presses it into Jericho's
text: hand, drawing blood. :
text: Jericho's blood slicked hand slips even further. He's at a
text: dizzying height. Jericho's muscles bulge as he tries to
text: position himself into a better grip.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Look down.
text: The Man points. Jericho looks down, all the way down. The
text: street seems to split open and fiery vapors swirl below.
text: Jericho looks up at the man.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Now look into your heart. You know
dialog: you cannot defeat me. Join me.
text: A long beat. Jericho can't hold on much longer.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Take my hand and I will give you
dialog: everything God took away.
text: Jericho looks down. Thinks. Then slowly reaches his hand up
dialog: for help.
speaker_heading: JERICHO,
dialog: Here.
text: The Man extends his hand to Jericho. Jericho has trouble
text: swinging his free hand up.
text: The Man reaches out for it, but Jericho can't quite bridge
text: the gap. The Man reaches further cut to him when...
text: Jericho pulls himself up with just the one hand
text: GRABS THE MAN BY THE FREE ARM and...
text: Pulls him out the window
text: The Man tumbles from the window and PLUMMETS TOWARD EARTH.
text: FASTER and FASTER.
text: The MAN roars a supernatural roar and SLAMS into the concrete
text: at TWO HUNDRED MILES AN HOUR.
dialog: 69.
text: The ASPHALT SHATTERS. The GROUND RUMBLES WITH INTENSITY OF AN
text: EARTHQUAKE. All the nearby windows EXPLODE from the force of
dialog: the impact.
text: Jericho, hands slicked with blood, uses all his strength to
text: pull himself up and through the window.
text: He falls back into the room and looks out tha window.
text: There's a crater in the middle of the street. As if a METZOR
dialog: had struck. Nothing could survive the fall.
scene_heading: INT. JERICHO'S PENTHOUSE - DAY
text: Jericho staggers to the kitchen, dripping blood from his
text: hands. He washes them under the faucet.
text: Jericho staggers to the kitchen and washes his hands in the
text: sink. Then wraps rags around then.
text: BOOM BOOM BOOM. He hears a pounding at the door.
text: Jericho recovers his GLOCK and checks the peephole. He's
text: shocked by what he sees.
text: He pulls open the door, partway, revealing... aa,
text: CHICAGO... bruised and battered and looking like he's
text: sporting a monster hang-over. Chicago tries to push his way
text: in, but the chain is on.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Open the door, man. I need some help.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You're dead.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Bo, but I'm gonna be if you don't
dialog: open thse door.
text: Jericho raises his gun.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I'm not that stupid.
text: Jericho keeps his gun pointed at Chicago.
speaker_heading: CEICAGO
dialog: . You think I'm one of those whack jobs
dialog: running crazy out there? Look, man.
dialog: I was outside the van when it blew.
dialog: They took me to the hospital and they -_
dialog: tried to kill me.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO (cont'd)
dialog: I Yarely got away, and now the whole
dialog: city is freaked! I need your help.
text: Jericho closes the door. Mouths "shit" to himself, then
text: undoes the chain and opens the door again. He pulls Chicago
text: inside, keeping the gun to his head.
speaker_heading: SERICHO
dialog: I can‘t trust you.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Don't kill me, man. I'll go. I'll
dialog: leave.
text: Jericho shoves Chicago back and raises the gun.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I just need to know.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: You're whacked, man.
text: Jericho fires. The bullet skims the surface of Chicago's arn.
text: Blood spurts out.
speaker_heading: JERICHO -
dialog: Ob Jesus, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
dialog: thought you were one of then.
text: Chicago winces in pain.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: You shot me. I can't believe you shot
dialog: me.
text: Jericho holsters his gun and crosses to Chicago.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Im it bad?
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Skimmed me, but it hurts.
text: Jericho freezes. He feels some . He
text: Jericho £ . thing crosses to the window
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: The MAN lies dead at the bottom of the pit. A rz: of Li
dialog: surround it. ing poopie
text: Then we see his finger twitch. Then his hand. He pushes
text: himself up. Dusts himself off. Cracks his neck.
dialog: 71.
text: He locks all the way up at the dizzying distance he fell. He
text: climbs up out of the pit. A TOURIST takes pictures with his
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: Hell of a fall there, Mister.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I've had worse.
scene_heading: INT. JERICHO'S PENTHOUSE ~ DAY
text: Jericho sees the crowd part for the Man. He backs away from
text: the window.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Come on. We can't stay here.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Damn straight. I'm moving to
dialog: Poughkeepsie. Shit like this don't
dialog: happen in Poughkipsee.
text: Jericho gathers up his guns.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO (cont'd)
dialog: Where are you going?
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Jericho and Chicago head down the stairwell.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: The girl? Screw the girl, man. We've
dialog: got to get out of town. The whole
dialog: city's gone mad!
speaker_heading: JERICHO
text: Z can't leave without her.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Like hell you can't. Who's this girl
dialog: anyway? What's so special about her?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Z can't explain it.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Okay, listen, we leave town together.
dialog: You get her, I'll get the secure car.
dialog: dust tell me where to meet you.
text: Jericho stops. Looks at Chicago. Looks at his bleeding arm.
text: Looks into his clear oyes.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: St. John the Divine in forty minutes.
speaker_heading: CEICAGO
dialog: St. John the Divine.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Dozens more people have entered the Church, and are praying.
text: Several Priesta stand vigilant watch around Christine.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What's taking him so long?
scene_heading: PATHER MURPHY
dialog: This is a House of God. We're safe
dialog: here. :
text: Shadows suddenly move all around them as dark figures drop
text: from the rafters of the roof, accelerating down ropes toward
text: the ground. HALF DOZEN of them, fleeting shadows.
text: PEOPLE SCREAM, panicked.
text: Moving quickly, the shadows pounce on Father Murphy and
text: Christine. Piano wire goes around Murphy's neck, another
text: around Christine's. She tries to scream, but her cries are
text: muffied. Black gloves, stitched with the cross. Modern day
dialog: ghts.
text: Sub-machine guns burst forth, covering the assembled prayers.
speaker_heading: DARK FIGURE
dialog: You can't protect her, Father. She's
dialog: already lost.
text: The OLD CARDINAL, from the earlier Vatican scens, and the
text: leader of this small band of commandos, pushes back hia hood.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPEY
dialog: Who are you? What do you want?
text: The Old Cardinal withdraws a silver dagger, shaped very much
dialog: like the cross.
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL
dialog: (to Christine)
dialog: Prepare yourself.
text: Christine fights her bonds.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Yor what? Prepare herself for what?
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: OLD CARDINAL -_
dialog: If mankind is to be saved, we must ,
dialog: prevent the union from taking place.
dialog: She must be sacrificed before the
dialog: altar of our Lord.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Jericho hands Chicago his gun.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Be careful.
text: Jericho heads down the alley. Chicago looks at the gun, looks
text: at Jericho and then slides the piece into his waistband.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: You too.
text: Chicago trots down the alley. Filled with urgency.
dialog: , cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Chicago presses through a throng of pecple up to the Man. om
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
text: He's holding her in a church. st.
dialog: John the Divine.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH OF SAINT JOHN THE DIVINE - DAY
text: Pour Knights each hold down one of Christine's limbs. One
text: knight restrains Father Murphy, while the Cardinal dips the
text: Gagger in the holy water. He holds the dagger over
text: Christine's breast. She struggles, tossing and turning
text: against her captors.
text: The gathered refugees in the church cower away.
text: On the DAIS - We see the manuscript from the opening scene.
text: The Cardinal reads from the Latin text.
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL
dialog: In taking life, we restore life, in
dialog: sacrificing cur souls we save souls.
dialog: Fallen Angel, Lord of Darkness. Get
dialog: thee behind me: for it is written,
dialog: Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God
dialog: and him only shall thouv serve. . =
text: He raises the dagger.
dialog: .
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL (cont'd)
dialog: May God forgive us.
speaker_heading: ALL OTHERS
dialog: amen.
text: The Old Cardinal swings the dagger down.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: God may forgive you, but I won't.
text: The Old Cardinal hesitates just a moment.
speaker_heading: BAM.
text: The dagger blade shatters from the force of a bullet round
text: from Jericho's gun.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Get away from her.
text: The Cardinal tries to stab Christine with the broken blade.
text: Jericho fires again. This time, he shoots A HOLE in the Old
text: Cardinal's hand.
text: Jericho, holding a gun in either hand, walks down the length
text: of the church. The Old Cardinal does not move. Blood drips
dialog: off his fingers
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL
dialog: Are you her protector?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Step aside.
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL
dialog: You have already failed.
text: From beneath their cloaks, the Knights level their automatic
text: weapons at Jericho. Jericho dives for cover as the Knights
text: open fire. Bullets chew up the wooden pews.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: Yor Godsake. This is a church. You're
dialog: desecrating it!
text: Two of the Knights trot down the aisle, guns leveled. They
text: halt by the pew Jericho dove behind.
speaker_heading: KNIGHT #1
text: He's gone.
text: CRACK. Behind the old Cardinal, two of his comrades fall
text: quickly as Jericho moves with lightning blows to their heads.
text: By the time the Old Cardinal reacts, there is a gun pointed
text: right at his temple.
text: The Knight holding Father Murphy realizes there is a gun to
text: bis head, also. Both of them are held by Jericho.
text: The unarmed Cardinal glances at the gun barrel against his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What do you want with the girl?
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL
text: If she is slain, his hope of creating
dialog: a kingdom of hell on earth will die
dialog: with her. .
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You would sacrifice the lamb to
dialog: defeat the lion?
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL
dialog: It is God's will.
speaker_heading: FATHER NURPHY
dialog: No. It is your will. This can only
dialog: lead to our destruction.
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL
text: He cannot be defeated. It's the only
dialog: way to win.
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL (cont'd)
dialog: Yor a thousand years we have sworn
dialog: ourselves to this. We aren't afraid
dialog: to eo.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: And I'm not afraid to kill you.
text: Murphy shudders.
dialog: Something just went through me. Icy,
dialog: awful.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
text: He's coming.
dialog: A beat then...
text: rages as the Man walks in.
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL
dialog: God help us. We're too late.
text: The O14 Cardinal crosses himself.
dialog: 7s.
text: The front door of the church blows open. Outside a tempest
dialog: —,
dialog: -~
dialog: i)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I've come for my wife.
text: Father Murphy holds forth his crucifix in defense.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Save that for your exorciams, Father,
dialog: You can not drive me out of myself.
text: The crucifix bursts into flames.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: This is the house of the Lord our
dialog: God. You are not welcome here.
text: The Man looks around with disdain, then...
text: The STAINED GLASS WINDOWS BLOW OUT in a rain of glass.
text: All the candles flair, burning intensely. The buttresses
text: shake and start to crumble. CHUNKS of GRANITE collapse from
text: the arches and a WALL OF FIRE rises behind hin.
text: The gathered faithful look on in terror. They rush out the
text: church doors trying to get to safety.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Christine...
text: He holds his hands out for her. Christine rises. Sho seems
text: almost in a trance. Turns toward him.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Christine... NO!
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You don't understand. I feel him
dialog: daside me. I need hin.
speaker_heading: OLD CARDINAL
dialog: Protect the girl!
text: The CHURCH shakes violently, collapsing. Jericho grabs
text: Christine and pulls her toward the back door. The Commandos
text: turn their weapons on the Man.
speaker_heading: KNIGHT #1
dialog: Por The Glory Of God!
text: They cpen fire with automatic bursts, Bullet holes burst
text: through the Man, pushing him back like the driving rain.
text: He stops and stands perfectly still. Then TONGUES OF FLAME
text: sHOOT OUT from him, disemboweling the commandos.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY ~)
dialog: But you wouldn't know it was day. Dark clouds have gathered,
text: tinged with red, blotting out the sun. More lightning flashes.
text: Jericho and Father Murphy pull Christine into the alley as
text: large chunks of stained glass rain down on the two of then.
scene_heading: FATHER MURPHY
dialog: God help us. It's his army.
text: But there are hundreds of people gathered in the darkness.
text: Hands reaching for them. Closing in on both sides of the
dialog: alley.
text: Jericho pulls Christine back, but they grab Murphy. He's
text: swallowed by the sea of people.
speaker_heading: FPATHER MURPHY (cont'd)
dialog: Help me. Dear God, help me.
text: Jericho pulls Christine into the Church, all the time hearing
text: the sounds of Murpby scream as his limbs are ripped asunder.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Gothic. stones bleed, pews burn. Jericho pulls Christine =
text: through the church. They see the Man hovering over the ,
text: cowering Cardinal.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: A thousand years you've waited for
dialog: this moment. And you have failed. She
dialog: will be mine after all.
text: The Man bas recovered the broken silver dagger, imbeds the
text: blade into the chest of the Cardinal. He cuts out the Old
text: Cardinal's heart and holds it, still beating, in his hand.
text: The Man bites into the still beating heart. The Old Cardinal
text: screams in pain and bursts into flame.
text: The Church begins to collapse all around them. Jericho pulls
text: Christine through a door by the rear of the church and into
text: a stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL ~ DAY
text: Everything rumbles. It's like trying to run down the stairs
text: in an Earthquake. Jericho pushes through another set of doors
text: revealing the underground chamber. The stairwell collapses
dialog: _behind then.
dialog: Run!
dialog: C)
dialog: 78.
text: They rush across the chamber as pieces of rock and plaster ,
text: tumble from the ceiling. They reach a set of doors on the far
dialog: side.
text: Jericho tries them. Locked.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - STREET
text: The Cathedral COLLAPSES into a heap and is SWALLOWED INTO A
text: PIT OF FIRE. A crowd gathers staring into the pit.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND CHAMBER - DAY
text: The ground shakes and rumbles. From the stairwell a tongue of
text: fire shoots out at them.
text: A wall of fire rolls toward them. They're trapped at the end
text: of the chamber. With all his might Jericho slams against the
text: door. It gives. They tumble through it, just as the tongue of
text: flame reaches then.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER - DAY
text: The fire bursts through the doorway, but Jericho and
text: Christine are out of its path. They hear the mighty structure
text: cave in bebind then.
text: Then all is quite. Jericho takes Christine by the hand as
text: they struggle through the muck.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I didn't think he could do that to a
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: He did.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You mean you believe?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: .He doesn't give me mich choice.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Uhg that smell. I think I'm going to
dialog: be sick.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You'll get used to it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: For how long?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: JERICHO =
dialog: As long as we can stay out of sight.
dialog: If what they said is true, we only
dialog: have to avoid him until midnight, the
dialog: New Year.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: New Years Eve in the sewer system?
dialog: Well, anything's better than Times
dialog: Square. :
text: The two of them disappear into the sewers.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Prom the rubble of the church, the Man emerges and heads
text: toward his followers.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Find her.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER - DAY
text: Followers drop down from man holes and fan out in the sewer
text: system, carrying flashlights, ‘torches... anything they can —
dialog: muster. y
scene_heading: INT. ANTE-CHAMBER - DAY
text: Jericho hoists Christine up into a maintenance room off the
text: main sewer, and then pulls himself up. Christine leans
text: against Jericho, exhausted. They're both sweating buckets.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It's so hot. Must be over a hundred
dialog: Gegrees. a
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: We'll dehydrate if we stay down here
dialog: too long.
text: Jericho checks his guns. *
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Y'know, I've always felt like there
dialog: was some kinda curse on me. Don't get
dialog: too fond of ms, Jericho. People I get
dialog: involved with tend to die.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I used to feel that way. . aan
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Did you lose someone close? *
text: 4A long beat.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: My wife and son.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: It was a robbery. I couldn't protect
text: them. All I could do was watch.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Ah, so you do what you do out of
dialog: guilt. You'd make a good Catholic.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Any faith I had, I lost after my
dialog: family died. What kind of God allows
dialog: children to be murdered?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: In my better moments I believe
dialog: there's a purpose. Still, sometimes
dialog: I can't help thinking "Why me?" What
dialog: did I do to deserve this? One point
dialog: five billion women on the planet and
dialog: this guy wants me.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Did it ever occur to you, you might
dialog: be special? =-
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You spend your life trying to
dialog: convince yourself that you're
dialog: something special just to make it
text: Jericho puts an arm around her to comfort her. she rests her
text: head on his chest. Christine sighs.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE (cont'd)
dialog: I wish I could get him out of my
text: mind, leering at me. Wanting me.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Try not to think about it. *
text: Jericho slaps a new clip inte his backup Glock.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CERISTINE
dialog: Maybe you could show me how to use
dialog: one of those things.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER - DAY
text: Groups of Followers make their way down the dark, dank
text: tunnels. Their glowing red eyes peer from their seemingly
text: lifeless faces.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER - DAY
text: Christine stares down the barrel of the Glock. Jericho's arm
text: reaches around her, his hand surrounding hers on the grip.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You just line them up in the
dialog: crosshairs and squeeze. But be ready
dialog: for the recoil. First time's always
dialog: a little painful until you find the
dialog: z
text: She squeezes. Click. Click. Click. Click.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: “dust like that.
text: Be hands her a clip and demonstrates how to slide it in.
speaker_heading: SERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: And always remember to count your
dialog: rounds. You have ten left. Here's the
dialog: safety. Leave it on til you...
text: BAM! Jericho dives out of the way.
speaker_heading: SERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: One of the Followers falls out of the darkness at Jericho's
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Nine left.
text: Jericho looks at the hole in the Follower's forehead.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Nice shot.
text: _ Jericho pulls cut his gun, checks the tunnel.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Come on. There'll be more coming.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER - DAY
text: Jericho and Christine splash through the shallow water. They
text: hear echoes and shouts, seemingly surrounding them. The
text: hounds after the foxes. Up ahead the sewer splits at a
dialog: juncture.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Wait a minute.
text: Jericho studies the two paths. Christine hears the voices and
text: looks around. She takes aim at the darkness with her gun.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Does it matter?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: If we can make it to the Westside, we
dialog: might have a chance of getting out of
dialog: the city.
dialog: He picks...
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: This way.
text: «+. and away they go. BAM! BAM! We see gun-barrel flashes in
text: the darkness of the tunnel. Jericho and Christine emerge a
dialog: beat later.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Wrong way.
text: They head down the other tunnel, the soulless creatures
text: behind then.
text: Dizzying shots as Jericho and Christine flee down sewage
text: tunnel, turning left and right... down narrow passage ways.
text: They hear the shouts behind them, see the dull glow of
text: torches and flashlights chasing then.
text: Christine tumbles. Jericho runs to her side. She's breathing
text: hard and gripping her side.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I can't keep running.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You have to.
speaker_heading: CERISTINE
text: Z can't breathe. No air.
text: Jericho lifts her to her feet.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I know it hurts. But you have to keep
dialog: moving.
text: The sounds are all around them now. The dull glowing lights
text: sear. A second set of lights appears further up the tunnel.
text: They're cut off.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You're lucky. They catch you, they'll
dialog: just kill you.
text: Jericho looks around for options. He sees a shaft of light
text: ahead. Problem is, the mob is closer to it than they are.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Manhole cover. We can make it to the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: CERISTINE
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Come ont
text: Jericho grabs her and pulls her along the sewer toward the
text: shaft of light and toward the approaching mob. Somewhere ~
dialog: Christine finds the strength to keep up. !
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I... don't... think... we're...
dialog: gonna... make... it.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Come on... faster! Faster!
text: Another fifteen yards to the shaft, but the mob is almost
text: beneath it.
text: Jericho breaks out in front of Christine. He pulls bis gun
text: from its holster.
text: Almost there. Angry red eyes. BAM! BAM! Jericho fires a few
text: warning rounds, driving the mob momentarily back.
text: Jericho reaches the shaft of light and positions himself by
text: A WROUGHT IRON LADDER running up the side of the sewer.
text: _ Christine reaches him and he pushes her up the ladder.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Climb!
text: Exhausted, she pulls herself up... hand over hand. Jericho
text: scrambles up after her. But the mob is right on them. They =
text: jump, grabbing onto Jericho's leg. He's pyutied back down, but ‘
text: continues climbing. People hang off of hin.
dialog: 84.
text: They bite into his flesh like rabid dogs and tear at him. Re
text: kicks and hits at then.
text: Christine reaches the top of the ladder. One hand clutches :
text: the ladder as the other pushes up on the manhole.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It's too heavy.
text: With a sharp elbow, Jericho knocks the last of the followers
text: off, but more are coming. Jericho climbs up over Christine,
text: presing against her.
text: The two of them together push aside the manhole cover.
text: Christine wriggles up the ladder and out onto...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Overhead the SKIES glow RED with fire. The crimson clouds
text: march against the sun, choking off the light.
text: As Jericho and Christine emerge from below, they see another
text: piece of hell. Ahead, a handful of men wearing business suits
text: drag a Buddhist Monk into the street and dump gasoline on hin.
text: The leader pulls out a match, ‘laughing. Lights it.
text: ‘BAM! Blood erupts on the Leaders hand. Jericho re-ains his
text: gun at the leaders head.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: (to the Monk)
dialog: Run!
text: The Monk scrambles to his feet and takes off.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Jericho!
text: Jericho turns they're coming out of the ground now. Christine
text: keeps her gun aimed on the hole, while Jericho covers the
text: approaching businessmen.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE (cont'd)
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Goddamn hostile takeover.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Come on.
text: They back away. Many of the followers point and scream.
text: Jericho and Christine break into a run. They pursue.
text: Another wall of RED EYES approach from another direction
text: cutting them off. Jericho fingers his gun. They're surrounded.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: How many rounds?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Not enough.
text: Jericho smashes the window of a Buick, parked curbside.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Get in!
text: He unlocks the door. Christine jumps in and slams the door
text: shut, locking it. A moment later the followers are at her
dialog: window.
text: Jericho rips the cowling off the steering wheel. As he
text: attempts to jump the car, hands reach in through the smashed
text: window. Jericho fends them off but they get a grip on him and
text: try to pull him from the car.
text: SMASH! Christine turns. A guy is smashing a brick against her
text: window. SMASH! The saftey glass pebbles but does not give.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Christine... the ignition... the red
dialog: - and green wires.
text: Christine leans over to the ignition. Frantic, and not sure
text: what to do, she pulls wires and tries to connect then.
text: Bodies choke off all light as the followers crawl all over
text: the vehicle like a swarm of ants.
text: Jericho has been pulled halfway out of the window now.
text: Pighting... struggling to get back inside.
text: SMASH! The passenger window shatters and gives. Tiny shards
text: or. safety glass rain all over Christine. Hands reach in for
text: VROOOM! - The engine roars to life. Christine's wired it!
text: The minions unlock the passenger door.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Get us cut of here!
text: Christine pulls the car into gear and it starts to slowly
dialog: roll.
text: But the Minions pull the door open and dive into the car...
text: _ Christine lunges beneath the dash and slams her hand on the
dialog: accelerator.
speaker_heading: —
dialog: +,
dialog: 86.
text: SWARMED BY MINIONS, the vehicle springs to life. Tires spin
text: before finding their purchase. Then the vehicle lurches
text: forward, the followers tossed from it as it goes.
text: INSIDE THE CAR - Christine keeps one hand on the gas and one
text: band on Jericho's belt, trying to keep him in the car. She's
text: kicking at the other man hanging on by the passenger door.
text: OUTSIDE THE CAR - Jericho uses the momentum to wrestle the
text: swarm off him. He manages to toss the last person from him.
text: He looks up to see...
text: The car careening toward the edge of a building. Hanging
text: halfway out the car, Jericho's about to have his upper body
text: ripped off.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Christine!
text: Inside the car, one of the followers leaps from the doorway
text: at Christine. He lands near her and pulls himself to her by
text: tugging on the steering wheel.
text: OUTSIDE THE CAR - A split second before Jericho's upper body
text: slams into a building's edge, the car veers away. Jericho
text: clears the building corner by inches. He manages to push
dialog: himself back inside. -
text: INSIDE THE CAR - Jericho slips into the driver's seat and
text: with one swift punch, he sends Christine's attacker flying
text: out of the car.
text: Jericho floors it and heads the car west, toward the Westside
text: Highway, passing riotous carnage around him.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: How could everything fall apart so
dialog: quickly?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: It's New York.
text: Lightning explodes across the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - DAY
text: Bonfires everywhere. Gangs attecking pedestrians, people
text: being beaten, a toppled bus on f.
text: A group of Cops are shooting at a frightened woman. Everytine
text: she tries to run, they open fire... pinning her down. she
text: mutters prayers under her breath.
text: Im the middle is... Detective Francis. Francis sees the Buick
text: drive by. He IDs Jericho and the Christine.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: Dore. FRANCIS
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch.
text: He waves to the other police officers. They huddle around
text: him. The woman uses that moment to make her escape down the
text: alley. None of the cops notice.
scene_heading: INT. BUICK - DAY
text: Jericho drives through the obstacle course of bodies, burned
text: out cars, and trash.
text: SMASH! They're jarred as they're hit from behind by...
text: A POLICE CRUISER.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Three POLICE CARS pull behind the Buick. One of them hangs on
text: its tail and the other two pull up around then.
text: Jericho swings the car back and forth, trying to slam the
text: cars out of the way. But they squeeze hin.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Get down!
dialog: Christine ducks.
text: The rear window explodes from a shotgun shell.
text: BAM. BAM. They're slammed around again. Jericho spots a lamp
text: post up ahead. He jockeys ahead of one of the police cars and
text: swings his wheel around hard. Metal grinds. The cruiser
text: swings over and...
text: SLAMS into the LAMP POST. _
text: The Buick bounces off the cruiser and Jericho steers it up
text: ento the sidewalk. The cops give chase. The police cruisers
text: shatter pnrming meter after parking meter as they xace after
dialog: the °
text: Jericho spins back onto the street at the next corner. One of
text: the police cars can't keep up. It takes the turn too wide and
text: smashes into a FLAMING CAR and explodes.
text: The last police car pulls side-by-side with Jericho.
text: Jericho glances over to see Francis at the wheel. Jericho
text: Jockeys with him. Francis swings his wheel, smashing into the
text: Buick. The Buick spins out, bounces off the curb and comes to
text: a halt in the middle of the street. Its engine dies.
speaker_heading: J
dialog: ()
text: Jericho tries to re-jump the car, crossing the ignition wires.
text: Meanwhile, Francis doubles back in his cruiser, eyeing the
text: Buick which sits dead in the road like a lame duck. .
text: Francis floors it. He going to ram the Buick. Christine sees
text: him coming.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Jericho!
text: Jericho leoks up and sees the police car bearing down on
text: them. He returns to the wires.
text: Just as the cop car is about to hit then...
text: The Buick's engine spring to life. Jericho slams on the gas.
text: The Buick lurches forward. The Police cruiser hits the curb,
text: and bounces onto the sidewalk.
text: Francis spins the wheel. The cop car skids, hits the side of
text: a building and accelerates after the Buick.
text: The Buick races down the dark streets, with the police
text: cruiser following.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTSIDE HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Jericho steers the car up the onramp. He has to slam on his
text: breaks to avoid hitting a mass of New Yorkers racing down the
text: parkway, carrying their children and clutching their meager
text: belongings. A stream of cars sits silently, abandoned hours
text: ago in a massive traffic jam.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: The city... everybody's leaving.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
text: Get out of the car.
text: Christine and Jericho bail. A moment later, Francis comes
text: barreling up the onramp and slams into the empty Buick.
text: Francis pulls himself from his deployed airbag and steps out
text: of the wrecked police cruiser. He holds a 12 gauge shotgun
text: and scouts for Christine and Jericho. Christine steps out
text: from behind the car.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Looking for me?
text: As Francis turns around Jericho pops up behind him and fires
text: several rounds. Francis goes down.
dialog: 89.
text: Jericho picks up the 12 Gauge. Looking back at the skyline of
text: the city, they see New York is awasb in blood and flames.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Keep going...
text: Jericho looks north to the George Washington Bridge...
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
text: - It's another mile to the bridge.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: We can make it.
text: A father and son run by them. The six year-old boy stumbles
text: and is almost trampled by the crowds. Jericho stoops to pick
text: him up, but the father snatches the boy away.
dialog: 5ON .
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: Daddy... Why are we running?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: God has abandoned us.
text: The two push on. Dozens of others race by.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Come onl
text: Christine and Jericho join the trail of refugees. But the
text: earth begins to rumble.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Look... there...
text: In the distance the George Washington bridge sways and
text: buckles. We can see it's teening with thousands of people
text: fleeing the city.
text: The water below bubbles, boiling and roiling. Steam rises off
text: its surface.
text: witb snacp jolt, the earth quakes. The water leaps into the
text: The George Washington Bridge COLLAPSES... thousands of bodies
text: drop into the boiling water. SCREAMS. SHOUTS OF HORROR.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: He knows we're trying to leave.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: He won't let me. —
dialog: i)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: We'll try the tunnel.
text: They look DOWNTOWN - The boiling water parts and...
text: A giant concrete shell rises -
text: THE LINCOLN TUNNEL, cracked right down the middle. Cars spit
text: forth from its end and bodies float to the surface.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I can't watch.
text: She buries herself in Jericho's chest. The screams of the
text: people carry across the water.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE (cont'd)
dialog: Make it stop. Make it stop.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: There's no place safe, is there?
speaker_heading: . JERICHO
dialog: We're gonna make it; Together.
speaker_heading: CBRISTINE
dialog: We can't. They're everywhere. They're
dialog: everywhere.
text: Jericho leads Christine back to the Buick but his Followers
text: are already there. Dozens of them marching toward them. They
text: turns and run up the highway. The Followers break into a run
dialog: after then.
text: Jericho fires a couple of shots off as he and Christine race
dialog: Gown the highway.
text: Jericho veers off to the highways edge.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: This way.
text: He clizmbs over the safety railing, then helps Christine. Just
text: as the Followers reach out to grab them, they jump falling
text: about twenty feet down an exbankzent.
text: The Followers chase them. But around the corner screams a
text: black Limousine, cutting off the Followers.
text: The rear doors fly open, and Jericho and Christine dive into
dialog: the back.
text: The doors close and the Limousine screeches away.
dialog: sl.
scene_heading: Int. LIMO - DAY
text: Chicago steers the limo past the mob of followers.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: How'd you find us?
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: ZI Gidn't. When I got to the Church it
dialog: was gone. I've been trying to get out
dialog: of town. But we're fucking trapped.
dialog: These crazies are everywhere. Jer,
dialog: this is something right out of the
dialog: bible, man. It's... it's like God's
text: wrath. Like Sodem and Gomorah.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: God isn't doing this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Take us to the vault.
speaker_heading: C8ICAGO
dialog: The vault? Are you kidding? We've got
dialog: to get out of town.
speaker_heading: : OERICHO
dialog: There's no way off this island.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - DAY
text: A dark series of clouds march against Central Park. They
text: swirl overhead, casting lightning down.
text: Inside the Park, a giant structure begins to take shape.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND GARAGE - DAY
text: The three of them dash from the Limousine into a tunnel
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: We should be safe here as leng as we
dialog: weren't seen.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The three of them rush to the end of a metal and concrete
text: corridor. When they hit the wall, Chicago taps a code into
text: the keyboard. A panel slides open revealing another set of
text: elevator doors.
speaker_heading: ELECTRONIC VOICE
dialog: Please place your hand on the scanner.
dialog: 92.
text: Chicago raises his hand to the scanner but hesitates.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Nothing. It's just... I don't think
dialog: I updated my clearance.
text: Jericho eyes Chicago suspiciously.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Put your hand on the scanner.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Come on, man. We don't have time to
dialog: argue. Just do it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: ° CHICAGO
dialog: Nothing. Just... Go ahead.
text: Jericho grabs Chicago's hand and forces it down on the
text: scanner.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO (cont'd)
dialog: No. Stop. Hey, don't.
text: Jericho presses Chicago's hand against the scanner. Chicago
text: struggles, but the scanner passes over his palin.
speaker_heading: ELECTRONIC VOICE
dialog: Subject identified. Leroy Chicago,
text: 2223. Security alert. Subject is
dialog: deceased.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What do you mean, deceased?
speaker_heading: ELECTRONIC VOICE
dialog: Subject has no pulse.
text: They all turn and lcok at Chicago. He smiles sheepishly.
text: Jericho slams Chicago against the wall. SPIKES lunge out of
text: Chicago's face. His skin turns brown, reptilian. His cyes
dialog: burn with fire.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: I didu‘t want to, Jer. Please believe
dialog: me. He made me do it.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: IZ it is you, forgive me.
dialog: 
dialog: 93.
dialog: a“
text: Jericho opens fire, blowing Chicago away. Every bullet blows
text: rotting flesh, smoke and molten lava down the corridor.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: He's coming, Jer. He's coming for
dialog: her. And there's nothing you can do
dialog: te stop hin.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: - Ge to hell.
speaker_heading: CHICAGO
dialog: Yeah, okay. Whatever you say. But he
dialog: knows where you are. They're all
text: ceming and there's no escape.
dialog: 
text: Jericho slams down on the scanner, the laser scans his hand...
speaker_heading: ELECTRONIC VOICE
dialog: Authorization verified.
text: The elevator opens. He pushes Christine inside.
scene_heading: INT. SHELTER - DAY
text: The blast doors open, and the two of them enter. ~,
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Hunter Security's nuclear shelter.
text: Four hundred feet below Manhattan.
text: Jericho flips on the central console.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
text: Seeing what's out there.
text: Security Video warms up showing the approach to the entrance
text: of the vault. He sees Followers crowding in.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Don't worry. They can't get down here.
text: He hits another series of switches. Snowy images of a
text: newscaster drift onto the main screen.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (T.V.)
dialog: eee am hundreds of thousands of
dialog: people flocked to the Hudson River
text: shore line to pray.
dialog: 94.
text: Behind the Newscaster - Crowds of people watch the swirling
text: storms over Manhattan and the continuous thunderbolts that
text: rain down from above. Women count beads and men fall down on
text: their knees praying to heaven.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (cont'd; T.V.)
dialog: The tide of refugees which built
dialog: throughout the day ended abruptly
dialog: less than an hour ago, when all
dialog: routes in and out of the city were
dialog: severed. There has been no
dialog: communication from the island since.
dialog: With river temperatures now above
dialog: boiling, the National Guard has been
dialog: umable to send help via watercraft,
dialog: and helicopter attempts have been met
dialog: by hurricane force winds. Churches
dialog: across the nation have opened their
text: doors to the frightened masses
dialog: fearing the Apocalypse...
text: The screen goes black. Dead.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
text: There's nothing to do but wait.
text: Jericho looks at the clock on the wall. Six hours to
text: midnight. Then he notices blood seeping through the back of
text: Christine's shirt.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: You're bleading.
speaker_heading: CBRISTINE
dialog: I got hit by some glass.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - EVENING
text: The Man walks down the street. Looting goes on all around
text: him. A group of followers walk behind him, becoming an army.
scene_heading: Iyr. VAULT - NIGHT
text: Christine leans forward with her shirt in her lap. The rear
text: of her back is streaked in blood. Jericho hovers over her
text: plucking the glass from her skin. She winces.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Why'd you stay with me, Jericho? You
dialog: @idn't have to.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: This Protector of yours never showed
dialog: up. I couldn't leave you alone.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE ~
dialog: I think you're my protector.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You heard the Priest. It can‘t be me.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Maybe God has more faith in you than
dialog: you have in hin.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Hold still.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: In case the world ends, I just want
dialog: you to know...
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: That I wish we had more time.
text: He dips a wash cloth in water and swabs the wounds on her
dialog: back.
dialog: We'll talk about it over dinner
dialog: Qo tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What if there is no tomorrow?
text: She stands, turns and searches his eyes for an answer. she
text: kisses him. He pulls away.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Don't.
text: She pushes away, then pulls her shirt back on.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I'm sorry. I shouldn't've done that.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Wo. Not here. Not now. We deserve
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
text: Just as well. The others died
dialog: before...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I guess ho was saving me for hin.
text: The glasses clatter together as a slight tremor goes through ~
dialog: ( the Vault.
dialog: >
dialog: 96.
text: They listen and hear the sound of metal bending and twisting
dialog: around then.
speaker_heading: CERISTINE (cont'd)
text: Sounds like an earthquake.
text: Jericho heads to the security console. Checks on all the
text: cameras. His Followers crowd the screens. They're out there
dialog: by the hundreds.
text: The entire vault JOLTS as if something had slammed into it.
text: The two of them tumble to the floor.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE (cont'd)
dialog: Jericho, I can feel him.
text: Jericho claws his way back up to the video screens. Searching
text: them. And then one by one, each of the twenty video screens
text: goes black. They hear scratching and clawing at the metal.
text: Footsteps walking above them and then walking below then.
text: They follow the invisible creature with their eyes and ears
text: as the sounds scamper around the cutside of the roon.
text: Christine steps behind Jericho, standing close to him.
text: Jericho pulls out his gun.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
text: We're surrounded by bedrock. Nothing
dialog: ean get to us.
text: The vault rocks back and forth violently. They're thrown
text: against the floor. Metal twists and buckles.
text: The lights go out. Eerie Red Emergency lighting comes on.
text: They wait, holding their breath.
text: ONE SIDE OF THE VAULT abruptly JERKS UPWARD, followed by the
dialog: other side.
dialog: It's as if...
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: He's pulling us to the surface!
text: The vault leaps and shakes. We can hear earth and stone and
text: metal twist and grind through the steel walls. As the floor
text: pulls up from under them, they slide down to what was the
text: side wall. Tables and chairs and video equipment tumble down
text: on top of them. Jericho covers Christine with his body and
text: takes the brunt of a heavy wooden desk and several computers.
text: The Vault jerks upward again, and again, accelerating in pace.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd) >
dialog: Grab hold.
text: Like the express elevator from hell, the earth spits up the
text: vault. Lights flicker, furniture tumbles, equipment shatters.
text: Then suddenly all is quiet.
text: A couple of the emergency lights are still lit. Dark and
text: gloomy though, as if in some crypt. Jericho has his body
text: wrapped around Christine.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Christine? Christine?
text: She blinks her eyes open. Looks up at him. Jericho has a cut
text: on his forehead. She touches it lightly. There's something
text: erotic about her touch. Jericho pulls away.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: We sust be on the street.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: He's out there.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
text: The walls are reinforced steel. It'd —,
dialog: take a miracle to break through them. :
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Remember who we're dealing with.
text: The VAULT rocks. In the dim red light we see an indentation
text: appear on the wall.
speaker_heading: WWWHOMP I
text: Another bump erupts in the metal.
speaker_heading: CSERISTINE (cont'd)
dialog: are you sure?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: They're holding.
text: The SLAMMING STOPS. A few beats pass. The two of than wait.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Do you feel that?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What? —~
dialog: 1
dialog: A
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
text: It's getting warm in here.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
text: He's melting his way through.
text: The wall before them begins to glow, a dull red at first, and
text: then a bright orange.
text: Jericho climbs over debris to the weapons locker, now face
text: down on the ground. He pulls it open. Inside are weapons.
text: Jericho pulls out a pump-action rifle and loads it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JERICHO
text: He was beaten before by other men.
text: Men with nothing better than a sword.
text: A hole appears in the steel as the liquid metal drips away.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
text: He's coming through.
text: Jericho grabs and MP-5 FULL AUTO and slings it on.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Get behind me.
text: The lava hole in the metal grows. Beyond it is a dark
text: silhouette, his hands pressed against the metal.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Whatever happens... thanks for trying.
text: with a flash, the molten metal peels back, revealing the Man.
text: Jericho fingers the trigger on the shot gun.
text: A quiet moment as the two men regard each other. The Man
text: steps forward and...
text: Jericho fires.
text: BAM! The shell blows into the Man's chest, knocking him back,
dialog: but not down.
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! Jericho drives the Man back out the melted
dialog: opening and into...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EVENING
text: The house-sized vault rests beside a huge pit in the roadway
text: by the Hunter Security Building. Crashed cars are scattered
text: about the intersection.
dialog: 99.
text: Hundreds of bis followers crowd the streets, like an Arny of —
dialog: the Damned.
text: The Man lies on the street, fallen.
text: The crowds look down at the fallen Man, and then at Jericho.
text: They cower away as Jericho swings the MP-5 around at the
text: But from the corner of his eyes he sees the Man rise.
text: Jericho turns and opens fire with the MP-5. The rounds drive
text: into the Man, but still he stalks toward Jericho. Jericho
text: backs away, keeping up the barrage of bullets, until he and
text: Christine are pressed with their backs against the wall.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Don't you understand. It's futile.
text: The Man reaches out and takes the gun from Jericho. He grips
text: it tight and the gunmetal melts in his hand.
text: Jericho throws a punch at the Man, landing firmly on his
text: chin. The Man glares at Jericho, insulted by the blow.
text: The Man grabs Jericho's fist and drives it back, slamming hin
text: against the wall. He smashes Jericho with his forearn.
text: Jericho falls to his knees. The Man looks to Christine. ™~
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: X can feel your fear. I can feel your
dialog: heart tremble. But look on me. Feel
dialog: me. I'm not here to hurt you. I'm
dialog: here to set you free... and give you
dialog: eternal life.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Christine! Try to resist. There's _
dialog: nothing he can give you.
text: Christine turns her head and backs away.
text: Jericho pulls himself to his feet, but he's grabbed and held
text: by several of the Followers. He tries to fight them off, but
text: with the sheer number of them it's almost impossible.
speaker_heading: SERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: Christine, look at me.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Look at me. “
dialog: 100.
text: o She finally does and cannot look away.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: I know you've suffered. But was it I
dialog: who made you thus? Why did he bring
dialog: you into the world, if only to feel
dialog: sorrow.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I... I don't know.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I know your pain.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Leave her alone. Don't listen
dialog: Christine. Don't listen.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Everybody you loved, God took from
dialog: you. He murdered them. It was his
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yos.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Why? Why did he do it? Had you
dialog: o angered him?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Bad they done anything wrong?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Then why?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: He took away your world. Help me take
dialog: away his.
text: He holds her with his eyes. She sways leans forward... and he
text: kisses her. Deep. Erotic. She kisses him back. Jericho is
dialog: defeated.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: (to Jericho)
dialog: My bloed's been in her veins for
dialog: years. You never had a chance, you
dialog: know. Neither did God. :
text: Jericho breaks free from the Followers and rushes the Man,
text: but he's tackled immediately and thrown down to the ground.
speaker_heading: : MAN (cont'd) :
dialog: Show him the error of his ways.
text: They grab what they can find... Bricks, stones, lead pipes.
dialog: They beat hin.
text: Jericho tries to break away. He tries to run. But they swing
text: at him, they pelt him. He covers his head and pushes through
text: the crowd, but he's met by crushing blow after crushing blow.
text: They hound him like a pack of dogs and slowly they bring him
text: down, beating him senseless.
text: Pinally, JERICHO COLLAPSES.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: - Enough!
text: The Followers slowly stay their blows. They part, pulling - ”
text: back in a circle, and leok down at Jericho's broken frame.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont ‘d)
dialog: Don't let him die. If he dies, he
dialog: goes to God. But if he lives, when _
text: the kingdoms are joined, his soul too
dialog: shall fall, and he shall serve me...
dialog: forever.
text: Blood seeps from Jericho's wounds. He tries to crawl, but he
text: collapses.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Help me, please. For godsake.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yor Godsake?
text: The Man looks around.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Where is God? Why has he abandoned
dialog: your
text: _We hold on Jericho. It's painful just to look at him.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Look at you, Jericho. You're beaten.
dialog: You're forsaken. You've lost.
text: Jericho struggles to move. But can't.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You're gonna have to kill me.
speaker_heading: MAN .
dialog: No... You will not go to heaven and
dialog: goon your soul, and every other soul,
dialog: will be mine... mine because you
dialog: failed. Failed to protect those you
dialog: loved.
text: Christine crosses to the Man and squeezes his hand.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Jericho, don't blame yourself. You
dialog: - aia everything you could.
dialog: (She points to Heaven)
dialog: He let you down.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Quite right. .
text: The Man bends down and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: He made you weak. Now show him that
dialog: you're strong. Fight for me.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: (almost inaudible)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Join me and reclaim everything he
dialog: took away from you.
text: Jericho's wife Emily, emerges from the crowd holding their
text: son David by the hand. Jericho looks at them, and he is weak.
text: So close to death, so in need of something to hold onto.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Jericho, please.
text: Jericho struggles to his knees. His son, David, comes up.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Daddy, it's going to be okay.
text: The little boy holds his hands out to his father.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Go ahead, Jericho. Embrace him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It's everything you want.
text: Jericho lifts out hig hands and pulls the boy into him. Holds
text: him tight. He fights back the tears until he can't.
text: The Man glances skyward with a tiny smile and then looks down
dialog: at Jericho.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: You chose wisely.
text: The Man takes Christine in hand and walks through the parting
text: crowd. The Man's followers line up behind him ina
text: processional following him. :
text: Emily and David help Jericho to his feet. The three of them
text: are pulled along the processional line.
text: We pull back, higher and higher, until the processional line
text: looks like a stream of ants snaking through the streets of
dialog: New York.
text: ON JERICHO - He holds his son as they walk along with the ~
dialog: processional.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I love you Dad.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I leve you too.
text: He looks at Emily and then at David... Something's wrong. He
text: slows just a little bit. Sadly. He lets David down, lets him
text: walk on his own, and then lets the boy's hand slip from his
dialog: own. —
text: He slows slightly, letting them get ahead of him in the
text: throng. Once they're a few paces ahead, Jericho stops. People
text: stream by him as he silently watches his wife and child drift
text: away in the crowd.
text: Jericho pushes his way through the stream of humanity until
text: he breaks out and edges into a dark alley.
text: “He steals away.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Times Square teems with hundreds of thousands of people. The “~
text: crowds part as the Man arrives with Christine.
dialog: fl
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: All this is for you.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Is this hell?
text: The Man laughs.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: No. It's New Years in Times Square.
text: Christine, still lost in her rapture, looks on the miltitude.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: All these souls...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: All these souls are ours.
dialog: (in Latin)
dialog: The time has come. Bring forth the
dialog: temple.
text: The ground heaves. Concrete comes alive rising in the shape
text: of twiating men... buildings bend to the Man‘s will.
text: And now we can see a structure starting to form...
scene_heading: A MIGHTY TENPLE
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: Deserted.
text: Alone, Jericho staggers through the devastation left in the
dialog: wake of evil.
text: Buildings are on fire.
text: The streets run red with blood.
text: Jericho sees a fallen gargoyle lying on the ground. He lifts
text: the heavy carved stone and carries it up the steps of a
dialog: mighty building.
text: Jericho stumbles and falls before it's heavy doors.
text: It is THE ARMORY.
text: Jericho pulls himself up, takes the gargoyle and smashes it
text: against the door. The wood splinters.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: The ground ceases its rumbling as the temple has formed.
dialog: ~~
dialog: 105.
dialog: ~
text: A TEN STORY PENTAGRAM stands behind an ALTAR atop a pyramid.
text: Steps appear on the angle of the pyramid, seemingly formed
text: from the faces of tormented souls.
scene_heading: Iyfr. ARMORY - NIGHT
text: A door opens and in steps Jericho, his clothes in tatters,
text: his face bloodied. He smiles... :
text: The room is filled with a CACHE of MILITARY ARMAMENTS.
dialog: Quick cuts as he --
scene_heading: GRABS an MK19 MOD3 AUTO~FEED GRENADE LAUNCHER --
text: Pulls down a SHOULDER LAUNCHED STINGER MISSILE --
text: Straps on AMMO BELTS --
scene_heading: Slings on TWO M-16 MACHINE GUNS --
text: ANGLE ON: A ROW OF HUMVEES -
text: One of them roars to life.
text: It's headlights fall on a LOCKED GARAGE DOOR. -
text: Jericho steps out of the driver's seat.
text: Reaches in back.
text: Withdraws the SHOULDER LAUNCHED STINGER MISSILE.
text: Fires.
text: THE MISSILE FLIES from its launcher and...
speaker_heading: BOOM!
text: The garage door blows open.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Tine to give the Devil his due.
text: Jericho slides back into the HUMVEE and peels out.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: Jericho steers the Humvee through the obstacle course of post
text: -viot debris. In the distance he sees the glowing fiery light
text: of Times Square, but just up ahead is an archway. “-_
dialog: >
dialog: 106.
dialog: You could say it was soaring and majestic if it weren't for
text: the twisted wrecked frames of men, piled atop each other like
text: some freakish car accident.
text: Jericho slows the Humvee and looks on at this horror. The
text: writhing corpses moan out to him in unison.
speaker_heading: ‘VOICES
dialog: Go back! Go back!
text: Jericho drives the Humvee through the arches...
dialog: Inside ...
text: Jericho sees the mass of humanity huddled before the Temple.
text: He floors it.
text: The Followers scatter as the Humvee plows them aside.
dialog: at the foot of the temple ~-
text: THE MAN TAKES CHRISTINE by the hand and leads her up the
dialog: steps. But...
text: Jericho skids the Humvee to a halt by the Temple's base.
text: Followers rush the Humvee, but when Jericho opens fire with
text: an M-16, they cower away.
text: The square falls silent as Jericho exits the Humvee,
text: clutching the Grenade Launcher.
text: Jericho looks around at the lost souls, at the temple of evil.
text: The Man walks toward Jericho.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What happened Jericho? I thought we
dialog: had a deal.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: = lied.
speaker_heading: AN
dialog: If you come seeking desth, I shall
dialog: not grant it.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I'm not seeking death.
text: Jericho levels the MK19 GRENADE LAUNCHER.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: I'm sending you back to Hell.
text: SHWUMP! He FIRES. The GRENADE IMBEDS in the Man's chest.
dialog: 107.
dialog: a
text: BOOM! It EXPLODES. The Man catapults backward twenty feet,
text: slamming into the concrete.
dialog: Shwump! shwump!
text: Jericho fires two more grenades at the Man as he struggles to
text: his feet.
text: BOOM! BOOM! They explode with unbelievable force.
text: The Man tumbles down the roadway like he was hit by a train
text: and collapses in a pile of broken flesh.
text: Jericho crosses to him and looks down at what used to be the
text: Man's face. But now it's all sinews and singed skin.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (seething whisper)
dialog: You think you've won?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is but flesh.
text: And then THE GROUND BEGINS TO TREMBLE...
text: Jericho loses his balance and falls to the ground.
text: The Man's legs rip open.... and MIGHTY TALONS extend from ~~
text: them. A monstrous evil unfolds from the skin of the Man.
text: WINGS unfurl from his back. SCALES burst forth from his skin.
text: He rises until he is FOUR STORIES TALL.
speaker_heading: ALL DEMONIC
text: Bis eyes burn with fire and his mouth drips blood. He is truly
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: He HOWLS. _
text: Jericho scrambles to his feet and retreats to the Humvee.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You dare defy ms, Jericho? I shall
dialog: cast you into hell like my father did
dialog: to me at the dawn of time.
text: _Jericho whips cut the Stinger missile and levels it. He
text: pivots back to face the Demon. The Demon sees the missile
text: pointed straight at hin.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Times change. Welcome to the twenty
dialog: first century. -
dialog: vy
dialog: 
dialog: 108.
text: Jericho launches the Stinger. It impacts in Satan's belly and
text: explodes. The flesh and scales blow back revealing...
text: A THOUSAND TORMENTED SOULS inside the belly of the beast. ,
text: Satan reels back. Screaming in pain.
text: A handful of followers charge at Jericho, but he opens fire
text: with the M-16's blowing them back.
text: SATAN pulls back his arm and a swirling ball of fire rises in
text: it. He launches it at Jericho.
text: Jericho dives out of the way. The fireball sails over
text: Jericho's head slamming into the side of a building.
text: Jericho mounts another Stinger and FIRES.
text: The missile flies. But the Dark Angel dodges and the stinger
text: impacts against a billboard of a broadway play.
text: "CATS - NOW AND FOREVER" topples, crushing several hundred of
dialog: the followers.
text: More followers attack, but Jericho lets loose a barrage of
text: bullets from both sub-machine guns.
text: Satan draws another ball of fire from the air, and hurls it.
text: Jericho grabs for his weapons and rolls for cover just as a
text: fire ball hits the Humvee, BLOWING it to kingdom come.
text: Jericho slams another Stinger into the launcher. He takes
dialog: some time to ain.
text: Satan flaps his leathery wings and lift into the air like
text: some ancient dragon.
text: Jericho fires. WHHEOOOOOSH! This time the Missile slams into
text: Satan's head. BOOM! Lucifer's head explodes, raining fire
text: down from the sky.
text: The crowd of followers scatter to avoid the hellish shrapnel,
text: as the Dark Angel plummets to the ground.
text: Jericho slides his last Stinger into the launch tube.
text: Whe HEADLESS BODY rises from the pavement, swaying back and
text: forth, hands grasping at the air.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: You're going down.
text: Jericho unleashes his last Stinger. WHOOOOSH! BAM! It slams
text: into the Dark Angel's belly, among the writhing masses.
text: BOOM! It explodes in a massive fireball of flesh and fire.
dialog: 109.
dialog: “~
text: When the smoke clears, Satan is gone.
text: Jericho eyes the lingering smoke and fire. He hears a massive
text: groan coming from the heart of the city.
text: A thick fiery smoke hangs in the air and then slowly twists
text: back into form and substance. Smoke trails snake out,
text: wrapping themselves like a tentacle around Jericho. The
text: tentacle grows until it is a BONY HAND.
speaker_heading: SATAN (V.0O)
dialog: You think your armaments can defeat
dialog: the immortals? Who do you think
dialog: taught mankind to build weapons?
text: Jericho is enveloped now. He yells, fighting to break free.
text: He rises in the air, twisting and turning until he's face-to-
text: face with THE BEAST.
text: He opens fire with the M-16. But the bullets wounds are
text: barely pinpricks on Satan's horrific scaly body.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Yor thirty thousand years I've walked
dialog: through the hearts and minds of men
dialog: and your downfall is my glory. .
dialog: I have built the gas ovens of —
dialog: Auschwitz, I have haunted the killing
dialog: fields of Cambodia, I've spurred good
dialog: Christians to rape and lect in the
dialog: name of their Lord, I've sent Muslims
dialog: on horrific Jihads, and I've
dialog: scattered the Jews to the four
dialog: corners of the world. I lit the fire
dialog: that made Troy burn and I stood by
dialog: and watched mankind nail the Son of
dialog: God to a wooden cross. I was there in
dialog: the beginning on the tree of life. I
dialog: am the beginning and the end. I am
dialog: light and I am death. I can not be
dialog: defeated. I am forever.
text: Satan tosses Jericho away.
text: Jericho sails through the air, arms flailing and SMASHES
text: through the STAINED GLASS WINDOW of a church.
scene_heading: Int. CHURCH - NIGHT
text: The glass IMPLODES as Jericho sails through it, heading
text: toward the hard stone floor.
text: “But instead of the floor, he slams into a hanging tapestry. ”
text: It collapses under his force, but breaks his want. apeatey
dialog: ry
dialog: i)
dialog: 110.
text: Jericho nies balf-doad, a lum in the middle of the thick
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Satan roars and conjures up another fireball and...
dialog: Launches it at the church!
text: The flames engulf the church. Even the stones catch fire.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT
text: Everything in the small church erupts in flame.
speaker_heading: WHISPERING VOICE
dialog: Jericho...
text: Jericho stirs. Then with a groan, he struggles up. His hands
text: tremble. His body buckles. His back is streaked with blood.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: ZI can‘t...
speaker_heading: WHISPERING VOICE
dialog: Jericho...
text: It takes all the effort in his body just to open his eyes.
dialog: There's no one there...
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: What more can I do?
text: All around him he see religious icons.
text: A STATUE of CHRIST ON THE CROSS.
text: A TAPESTRY of ST. GEORGE SLAYING THE DRAGON.
text: A PAINTING of DAVID SLAYING GOLIATH
text: And A statue of MICHAEL THE ARCHANGEL WIELDING A MIGHTY SWORD
scene_heading: AGAINST A SERPENT.
text: Everywhere be iooks in the burning church, be sees ects of
speaker_heading: WHISPERING VOICE
dialog: Jericho...
text: Jericho pushes himself up onto one knee. He rests. The strain
text: is too much to bear. His head is bowed because he cannot hold
text: it up. He looks almost like he's praying.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Help me. Please.
text: In answer to his prayer, there is silence.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: SATAN lays Christine on an altar below a massive STONE
text: PENTAGRAM. Demonic figures are carved around its face.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: (in Latin)
dialog: I command thee as the Lord of Man.
dialog: Open the Gates to my kingdom!
text: The stone pentagram rumbles and slowly slides open.
text: A FIRESTORM SWIRLS in its center. We see human shapes... the
text: vague outlines of the souls of the damned.
text: It's truly a churning pit of fiery death like nothing we've
dialog: ever seen before except in our darkest nightmare.
text: The GROUND RUMBLES as THE GATES OF HELL open.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT
text: The GROUND SHAKES. Stones fall from the roof of the church.
text: The CRUCIFIX FALLS smashing into the STATUE OF MICHAEL.
text: MICHAEL TUMBLES. It slams into the floor, shattering.
text: When it does, Michael's SWORD breaks free from his hand.
text: Jericho sees the sword. He's transfixed by it. He picks it
text: up. It's a simple blade and pommel, forged of bronze.
text: He takes off his M-16s and tosses them to the ground.
text: eo» then turns and heads toward the door, armed only with
dialog: this sword and his belief.
scene_heading: ExT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: ‘The portal continues to rumble further and further open. The
text: _Yollowers fall to theiz knees in silent prayer of the coming
text: dawn of evil's reign.
text: Christine lies silent on the altar, her eyes closed in
text: rapture. The glowing fires of hell illuminate her face.
dialog: 
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - NIGHT
text: Jericho emerges from the fiery structure of the church to see
text: Satan reaching down for Christine on the altar.
text: Jericho bellows...
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Lucifer!
text: Satan turns. He sees Jericho, beaten and bloodied, looking
dialog: like the Devil himself.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Jericho, how many times must you be
dialog: beaten!
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Until you finish me.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Step aside or I shall inflict
dialog: torments on you never known to human
dialog: souls.
text: Emily and David emerge from the crowd.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Jericho, please. You can't defeat hin.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: (to Satan)
dialog: You cannot trick me!
speaker_heading: SATAN _
dialog: You defy me, but can you turn your
dialog: back on your family again? Can you
dialog: stand by and watch me pluck their
text: eyes out and rip their flesh from
dialog: their bones while you watch helpless.
text: David comes to Jericho.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Please, Daddy. Don't let him hurt us.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: tides! My family is dead.
text: And Jericho swings his sword at his wife and son.
text: As tHe blade strikes flesh, the two become terrifying DEMONS.
text: They cry cut in horror as they melt into the air.
dialog: 1123.
speaker_heading: SATAN ~
dialog: Jericho, I am an Angel of the Lord.
dialog: You are but a man. How do you expect
dialog: to defeat me in all my glory?
text: Satan stalks toward him.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: I may be just a man. But I am made in
dialog: the image of my maker.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I have faith.
text: Satan pauses and sits on his haunches, trying to leok into
text: Jericho's heart.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: It is in my power to defeat you.
text: Satan's terrifying head swings over him. Jericho slowly
text: raises the bronze sword to the ready. Satan backs away.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You will need more than a piece of
dialog: metal to defeat me.
speaker_heading: JERICHO -_
dialog: - The weapon doesn't matter. The battle
dialog: is won within.
text: The Beast's claw swipes at Jericho. Jericho brings the sword
text: to bear. We see a flash of metal. A shower of sparks. The
text: Beast roars back, in real pain for the first time.
text: Jericho advances, thrusting at the Beast. The sword flashes
text: in the flames of fire and it becomes FORGED OF STEEL, ITS
text: HANDLE CRUSTED WITH JEWELS, just like the swords in the
text: illuminated manuscripts. THE SWORD OF FAITH.
text: The BEAST ROARS BACK.
text: His sharp tail whips around like a scorpion's, stabbing at
dialog: Jericho.
text: Jericho parries and thrusts back.
text: Jericho stabs the tail of the Beast. It recoils in pain and
text: siams into Jericho sending him flying through the air. He
text: lands on the steps of the temple, his momentum sending him
text: tumbling down.
text: THE BEAST claws down the stone steps.
text: The TEMPLE shakes with every step. Fires burn in satan's —
text: eyes. His body bristles with spikes.
dialog: >
dialog: 114.
text: Satan raises his talon into the air above Jericho. Jericho —
text: zreolls out of the way, just as he slams his talon down.
text: The earth shakes and the stone steps crack. The Temple begins
text: TO BLEED.
text: Jericho rolls down the steps, trying to get away.
text: Satan raises his talon again, but this time as he brings it
text: down, Jericho stabs the sword upward and into it.
text: The Beast recoils and roars. WOUNDED. The blood of hell drips
text: from the wound and rains down, exploding like grenades as it
text: hits the earth.
text: Jericho runs for cover.
text: The Beast's tail swings round. A hundred serpents grow from
text: it, each head snapping out at Jéricho. Jericho swings his
text: mighty sword, striking through the viper's nest and severing
text: the heads of the snakes. The snake heads continue to snap as
text: they roll into balls of fire on the ground.
text: Jericho dives over the flailing tail, and raises the sword
text: just in time to deflect a blow from Satan, wounding him again.
text: And then the BATTLE IS JOINED.
dialog: We've never seen anything like it.
dialog: Jericho is possessed of faith and powers beyond our
text: comprehension as he drives into the breach.
text: HOLY STEEL against the FIRES OF EVIL, exchanging blow after
text: blow. Jericho battles like a righteous warrior, a one man
text: holy crusade.
text: Atop the Temple they fight, the darkness lit by the unholy
text: fires which consume the mighty towers of Gotham.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Submit Jericho, and I shall make you
dialog: the king of kings.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: You can offer me nothing.
text: Satan reels back. Jericho advances.
text: ATOP the TEMPLE - IN THE MIDST OF BATTLE, THE NEW YEARS BALL
text: BEGINS TO DROP.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: I renounce thee.
dialog: 115.
text: Jericho takes the fight to Satan, driving him back, driving ”
text: him down on his knees and as he is about to plunge the
text: into Satan's chest...
text: The ball reaches bottom. Happy new year flashes and... .
text: A mighty trumpet roars.
text: SATAN ROARS a HORRIBLE CRY OF LOSS.
text: Jericho stays his sword.
text: Satan's wings unfurl as a great wind blows pulling him toward
text: the opening in the Pentagram.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
text: It's over.
text: Satan struggles against the winds of heaven that drive him
text: back toward the swirling pit.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Over? It's not over!
text: His scales bristle. His eyes alight with fire.
speaker_heading: SATAN (cont'd) —_
dialog: A thousand years is nothing to me! :
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: To me, it's enough.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You grow weaker every time.
text: Jericho crosses to Christine on the Altar. She wakes at his
text: touch. Looks up blinking... in disbelief... herself again.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE _
dialog: Sericho.
text: He gathers her up in his arms.
text: Behind him, as Satan tumbles back into hell, something snakes
text: out of the demon's body and shoots through the portal. A
text: tentacle of some kind.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You dare to turn your back on me?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Jericho!
speaker_heading: BATAN -~
dialog: Z shall have thee yet.
dialog: 
dialog: 116.
text: The tentacle snakes out and wraps around Christine, pulling
text: ber from Jericho's arms. It drags her to the closing gate.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Oh god, help me. Please help me.
text: Jericho lunges to her and grabs her hand before she crosses
dialog: the threshold.
speaker_heading: JERICHO
dialog: Hold on.
text: Christine's feet are pulled across the threshold. Everything
text: zumbles. The temple shakes.
text: Christine is caught in a tug of war between good and evil.
speaker_heading: SATAN .
dialog: I have you now. Let go and come to me.
text: The suction from hell increases. Dying souls all over the
text: world are being sucked into the inferno screaming. All around
text: them the ghostly souls are pulled in creating a strong wind.
text: She still hangs there, as if she was hanging from a
text: precipice, dangling over a twenty thousand foot drop into
text: eternal darkness and damnation. Satan dangles in the hellfire
text: below clinging onto Christine. The stones are closing in
text: around her.
speaker_heading: CURISTINE
dialog: Don't let me fall. Please, don't let
dialog: me fall!
speaker_heading: JERICHO.
dialog: You're not gonna fall. Hold on!
text: Satan climbs up his own tentacle, coming closer. He reaches
text: out with his curled mangled fingers to grab her, but Jericho
text: lifts the sword and holding Christine with one hand, he
text: heaves the sword end-over-end into the underworld. It slans
text: right into Satan's gut.
text: Using all bis strength he fights the slipstream of evil as he
text: pulls Christine back through the Gates of Hell just as they
text: slam closed forever. As all the stones join, sealing the
text: entrance A STARBURST OF ENERGY RADIATES OUT.
speaker_heading: BOOOOOM! :
text: The two of them are surrounded by fire.
text: Jericho rises to find Christine unconscious next to him. He
text: fights the thick smoke as he struggles to his feet. He looks
text: around but all he can see are flames.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: —
text: Be scrambles to pick up Christine and through the flames he
text: makes out a door of some kind.
text: He rushes through the flames to the doorway and pushes
dialog: through it out onto...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YOR CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: Jericho emerges from the front door of the CHURCH. The flames
text: and smoke are thick all around.
text: Fire trucks and police cars slide to a halt in front of then.
text: The firemen come rushing up to Jericho, who cradles Christine
text: in his arms.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: What happened?
text: Jericho looks around. Aside from the fire, the city is calm
text: and peaceful. Pedestrians walk the street as normal. The sky
text: above is clear and the stars shine down from heaven.
text: Jericho looks back at the Fireman.
scene_heading: SERICHO - -_
dialog: ‘There was a fire.
text: He keeps walking, Christine in his arms.
speaker_heading: JERICHO (cont'd)
dialog: But I put it out.
text: We rise up into the night, away from the fire and back
dialog: towards heavens. Everything in the city is how it was. Maybe
dialog: even better.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: WAL' DISNEY/TOUCHSTONE PICTURES
scene_heading: TITLE: END OF DAYS
scene_heading: AUTHOR: MARLOWE, ANDREW W.
scene_heading: SUB BY: ANONYMOUS FORMAT: Screenplay
scene_heading: SUB TO: GARNER, TODD DRAFT DATE:
scene_heading: PUBLISHER/YEAR: 2-17-1998
scene_heading: GENRE: SUPERNATURAL/ THRILLER PAGES: aa?
speaker_heading: SUB-GENRE:
speaker_heading: CIRCA: Present
speaker_heading: LOCATION: NYC
speaker_heading: ELEMENTS:
scene_heading: ANALYST: CHURCHILL, DAVID
scene_heading: COVERAGE DATE: March 20, 1998
speaker_heading: LOGLINE:
text: When Satan comes to NYC to take a bride back to hell, a tenacious
text: security officer becomes the protector of the chosen woman and
text: helps defeat Satan and send him back to hell.
scene_heading: COMMENT LOGLINE:s
text: While this doomsday thriller contains many familiar trappings of
text: the genre, writer Marlowe is able to cleverly provide the drama
text: with imaginative action set-pieces and characters who're heroic
text: and serens. while at the same time weaving in themes of religion
dialog: and fa: .
dialog: Excellent Good Pair Poor
dialog: Idea
speaker_heading: CONBIDER Story Line
dialog: Dialogue
speaker_heading: SCRIPT
scene_heading: (em WRITER: CONSIDER Characterization
dialog: .
speaker_heading: Cc
speaker_heading: PAGE 2
scene_heading: TITLE: END OF DAYS
scene_heading: AUTHOR: MARLOWE, ANDREW W.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SYNOPSIS:
text: In 1975---shortly after a baby girl is born in an NYC
text: hospital, a nurse secretly rushes the infant to a Satanic ritual
text: where she's baptized in blood and “marked for darkness". When the
text: baby girl is returned to its mother, she's named CHRISTINE.
text: Today, NYC~--JERICHO is an officer who works for a private
text: security firm. Presently he and a partner, CHICAGO, are protecting
text: a diplomat on his way to the UN. As the diplomat arrives at the UN
text: lq, a SHOOTER is spotted on a nearby roof. Jericho shoves the
text: diplomat aside and takes several rounds of shots in his bullet
text: proof vest. The diplomat is safe, and Jericho and Chicago chase
text: after the shooter in a helicopter. As the shooter is about to jump
text: from the roof, Jericho grabs him. But as the shooter then begins
text: to blast Jericho, he's dropped from the 'copter----and a parachute
text: unfurls. The shooter ducks into the subway, and Jericho gives
text: chase again, finally cornering the guy and cuffing him. But...the
text: shooter suddenly transforms into a hideous monster and tells
text: Jericho that he's powerless to stop the dark Angel. As the shooter
text: transforms back to a human form, Jericho is stunned. He wonders if
text: he's going nuts as the shooter is taken off to a hospital.
text: Meanwhile...in Hell's Kitchen, flames shoot high from a
text: crack in the pavement. From the flames a mysterious MAN (Satan)
text: appears and walks away...and an Albino man witnesses the event.
text: Later, Jericho does some research on the shooter and discovers
dialog: that he's not only a religious nutball but a man who was not
text: targeting the UN diplomat but him. Jericho wonders why HE was
text: being targeted! In the shooter's possession is also pictures of an
dialog: unknown woman. -
text: That woman happens to be CHRISTINE BETHLEHEM---the same one
dialog: we saw being born in 1975 and baptized in blood. Christine is a
text: pre-school teacher with a sweet disposition, but lately she's been
text: experiencing terrifying visions that she can't explain. Satan, in
text: the meantime, goes to visit the shooter in his hospital room and
text: crucifies him to the wall. When Jericho and a detective go to
text: visit the shooter to ask questions they find him nearly dead.
text: Written in Hebrew on the shooter's body are two names---one is
text: Jericho and the other is Bethlehem. As the shooter dies, Jericho
text: realizes that he might be in danger. And he wonders who Bethlehem
text: is as well. Jericho pays a visit to the Church of St. John the
text: Divine and talks to FATHER MURPHY bout the shooter, whose name was
text: Thomas and who used to be a priest. Murphy is closed mouth, and
text: tells Jericho he wouldn't believe even if he told him.
text: Christine is on her way home when a homeless man approaches
text: and says "he's on his way”. And when she gets to her apartment,
text: two COMMANDOS are waiting for her and try to abduct her.
text: Meanwhile, Jericho has managed to track the identity of
text: "Bethlehem" to Christine, and he and Chicago arrive just in time
text: to rescue her. The commandos flee. Christine is frightened, and
text: her roommate RACHEL offers support. Jericho puts a guard on
dialog: (
speaker_heading: PAGE 3
scene_heading: TITLE: END OF DAYS
scene_heading: AUTHOR: MARLOWE, ANDREW W.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SYNOPSIS (continued):
text: Christine for the night, and Chicago sets up a command post
text: outside. Christine wonders what's going on, and Jericho reads up
text: on Satanic heraldry...and he becomes aware of Satanic prophecies
text: about the End of Days, when Satan comes to claim a bride and take
dialog: over the world. Even the righteous will not survive. As Jericho
text: considers the meaning of this, Satan attacks the command post
text: outside Christine's place and blows it up. Chicago and the other
text: guards are killed. Jericho begins to drag Christine away to
text: safety, but her roommate Rachel then changes into a demonic beast
text: who tries to stop them. Jericho is forced to shoot Rachel dead. _
text: When the cops finally arrive on-the scene and see the destruction
text: (including the dead bodies of Chicago and the guards), they see
text: Rachel---in normal human form---dead from Jericho's gunshots. The
text: cops take Jericho to police hq and hold him and begin asking
text: Christine questions. But at the police hg, Satan arrives and tries
text: to get her. Jericho blocks him and flees with Christine into the
text: park----and they're chased by red-eyed minions of the devil. They
text: finally arrive at St. John the Divine Cathedral. Father Murphy is
text: there to help them hide, and he tells them of the coming of
text: darkness and that Satan is looking for a bride...the signal of
text: doom. But Father Murphy claims the bible tells of a PROTECTOR, of
dialog: great faith and virtue, who comes forth to safeguard and defend
text: the chosen woman. Jericho claims he's couldn't possibly be the
dialog: protector if he's someone of great faith and virtue.
text: Meanwhile...in the city chaos begins to reign. People begin
text: to riot and loot stores. As Jericho tries to secretly return to
text: his apartment, he's confronted by Satan who wants him to reveal
text: where Christine is hiding. Satan offers Jericho anything he wants
text: for this information...but Jericho refuses. Satan then tries to
text: throw Jericho to his death, but Jericho manages to grab Satan and
text: toss him to the street below. As Satan impacts on the pavement a
text: huge crater is made. It doesn't seem as if anything could survive
text: this fall, but Satan picks himself up and leaves. Jericho is then
text: approached by Chicago who claims he's not dead but alive; Chicago
text: wants to get out of the crazy city. Jericho isn't sure if Chicago
text: is a trick or not. Back at the cathedral, meanwhile, a Cardinal
text: decides to sacrifice Christine to prevent the devil from getting
text: her. But Jericho arrives and to protect and save her. And at the
text: same time Satan arrives and begins to entrance Christine. A fight
text: erupts between Jericho and Satan and the cathedral begins to
text: collapse into a pile. As Jericho and Christine are dragged into a
text: pit, they get away and escape into the city sewers. Christine and
text: Jericho are chased by not only the devil but his red-eyed
text: followers. Christine wants to get Satan out of her mind---he seems
text: to have entranced her.
text: Jericho and Christine escape the sewer, finding the city in
text: total chaos. The get into a car and are chased once again. As they
text: try to flee the city, the find that bridges and tunnels are
text: destroyed. They finally escape into an underground garage where
text: they encounter Chicago again----but Chicago is obviously possessed
dialog: (oe
speaker_heading: PAGE 4
scene_heading: ‘TITLE: END OF DAYS
scene_heading: AUTHOR: MARLOWE, ANDREW W.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BYNOPSIB (continued):
text: and Jericho finally destroys him. Jericho drags Christine to the
text: nuclear shelter 400 feet below the surface of Manhattan. As they
text: wait there, Satan finds them and drags the shelter to the surface.
text: Satan then confronts Christine again, and she must try to resist
text: him. Jericho is then beaten by Satan's minions, and he cries for
text: help. Satan asks Jericho to join him, and finally Jericho
text: succumbs. Satan then addresses his followers and brings forth a
text: mighty temple in the city. But...Jericho slips away and goes to an_
text: armory where he drags out weapons and begins to attack Satan and
text: his new establishment. A huge battle erupts, and Satan claims he
text: canNOT be destroyed. Jericho is seen kneeling and praying---and
text: asking for help. Jericho then finds a Sword of Faith, and with it
text: he attacks Satan, now transformed into a beast. At the same time
text: Christine turns her back to Satan and renounces him. As the battle
text: rages on, Jericho is finally able to destroy Satan (at least for
text: now), and he caries Christine away from the scene in his
text: arms---just as the fire department and cops arrive to take over.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 5
scene_heading: ‘TITLE: END OF DAYS
scene_heading: AUTHOR: MARLOWE, ANDREW W.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COMMENTS:
dialog: Marlowe has created an imaginative, exciting and very dynamic
text: supernatural thriller. While it contains some of the predictable
text: beats of a doomsday tale with a fairly static Satan figure
text: threatening to destroy the world, the battles that erupt between
text: the heroic security officer and the demonic forces are nicely
text: conceived and full of resourceful and inventive special effects.
text: The piece is, after all, special effects driven with NYC taking
text: the brunt of all the destruction and mayhem. Not only is there
text: chaos in the streets of the city as Satan and his minions try to
text: establish a foothold, but buildings collapse, others are pulled
text: from the underground and éfire and brimstonei makes its presence
dialog: known---on a very large scale. The heart and soul, so to speak,
text: of the drama lies in the characters of the heroic security officer
text: who becomes the iProtectori of the woman chosen by Satan to be his
text: wife. This character goes up against some of the most incredible
text: obstacles imaginable---demons, burning buildings, zombies, quakes,
text: . @tc.---and still manages to stand on his two feet. Touchingly, he
text: seems to succumb to the power of Satan and momentarily become one
text: of his minions, but this turns out to be only a trick to get
text: closer to the devil and destroy him---which he does in blazing
dialog: glory. And speaking of glory---the material also is not afraid to
dialog: bring up questions of faith and virtue; the heroic security
text: officer is not afraid to finally ask for help from God, and it is
text: in these final moments when he accepts God and renounces Satan
text: that the script has its most powerful emotional impact. The script
text: winds up succeeding on a couple of levels---the truly physical,
text: action driven one, and the more sensitive, holy one. The script
dialog: isnit entirely perfect, though. We wonder why the heroic officer,
dialog: Jericho, was targeted for destruction from the beginning----before
dialog: he even meets Satanis intended wife; and if this is the case, we
dialog: wonder why Satan canit simply remove Jericho as an obstacle. As a
dialog: result of many similar questions the script seems, from time to
text: time, to be overly manipulated and contrived. But the action
dialog: sequences seem to distract us from this, and the energy never
dialog: subsides. We also wonder why Satan canit just pick any woman he
dialog: wants as a wife, not necessarily one who had to be ébaptized in
dialog: blood{ 25 years earlier. Be that as it may, the script is dynamic
dialog: and offers both action and food for religious thought.
dialog: 
scene_heading: scrtpr: CONSIDER
scene_heading: wRITER:; CONSIDER
dialog: 
