dialog: 
speaker_heading: ENTRAPMENT
dialog: Ronald Bass
dialog: First Draft Screenplay
dialog: December 2, 1996
dialog: Story by:
dialog: Ronald Bass
dialog: and Michael Herzberg
scene_heading: EXT. HANCOCK TOWER, CHICAGO - LATE NIGHT
text: Lake Shore Drive. Four o'clock in the morning. Minimal traffic,
text: minimal life. As MAIN TITLES BEGIN, we PAN UP the face of...
text: ...Hancock Tower. Up, up, forty floors, sixty, eighty, very dark
text: up here, street sounds fading fast, and as CREDITS CONTINUE we can
dialog: just make out...
text: ...a dark FIGURE. Like a spider. Inching its way up the steel
dialog: surface of the 98th floor, and we CLOSE to see...
text: The THIEF. All in black, nearly invisible, with a sleek visored
text: helmet that conceals the face. Two long, oblong backpacks, climb-
text: ing ropes and harness across back and shoulders, tools at the belt.
text: Moving STRAIGHT UP the face of the skyscraper. How is it possible?
dialog: CLOSER still to see...
text: ...the piton-like BOLTS are electromagnetic, CLANKING to the steel
text: to support weight. A button releases the magnetic charge when the
text: bolt is pulled up by cords to a higher position. The Thief is
text: remarkably strong and agile, scaling the wall with fluid precision,
dialog: until...
text: ...our summit. A softly-lit, glass-walled PENTHOUSE on the
text: 100th floor. Subtle spots which bathe paintings, sculptures,
text: in a cavernous coldly-decorated space.
text: Swiftly, deftly, the Thief rigs a suction-mounted HARNESS to the
text: steel casing above a massive window. Pulleys, metal caribiner
text: clips, yellow Kevlar ropes. So superbly practiced, the rigging is
text: placed in seconds, huge SUCTION CUPS pressed to the surface of the
text: glass. The Thief reaches to a metal rectangle at the top of the
text: rigging, touches a button, a motor WHINES, the ropes TIGHTEN and
dialog: the window...
text: ...POPS FREE, hangs SUSPENDED by the Kevlar ropes which amazingly
text: sustain its awesome weight. The huge pane shudders in the wind,
dialog: and the Thief slips...
text: ...INTO the Penthouse. Nearby, an ALARM BOX softly BEEPS its
text: 60-second warning to the pulsing of a green light, and the Thief
text: attaches a small computerized DEVICE which runs a series of
text: possible CODES at dazzling speed on its display panel, until...
text: ...the right one STOPS. Illuminated in red. The beeping, the
text: green light, go OFF. The device is removed.
text: Back to the window, air rushing in, attach a similar suction-
text: mounted harness from the inside, all exquisitely engineered to rig
text: in seconds, press new suction cups to the inside of the dangling
text: window pane. A small remote control clicker...
text: ...RELEASES the outside suction cups. The window's weight now
text: supported by the interior rigging. The outside equipment pulled
text: INTO the apartment in a single tug. The WHINE of a motor, and the
text: pane pulls UP, the Thief expertly POPPING it into place.
dialog: No trace of entry.
text: Rapidly folding the rigging into an astonishingly compact bundle,
text: the Thief SCANS...
text: ...the profusion of priceless art. The paintings run to Otto Dix,
text: Franz Marc, Marcel Duchamp. One statue an obvious Rodin. The soft
text: lighting makes walls seem invisible, everything with an infinity
text: perspective in mind. An obsidian slab dining table that seems to
text: end at the horizon.
text: The Thief has packed the rigging away, taken out a large cylin-
dialog: drical TUBE bearing a label we can't read. Knows the way, quickly
text: through the spectacular apartment, past oils by early German
text: expressionists, Russian futurists, a Rothko, a Kandinsky, a Francis
text: Bacon. The Thief has no interest in these, and as CREDITS CONTINUE,
dialog: we enter...
text: ...a powder room. A lime-green poured concrete sink, a copper-
text: plated commode, and across from these...
text: ...a single PAINTING. Unlike the others, clearly an Old Master.
text: A 17th century city on the water, churches, spires, an ancient
text: bridge. The Thief wastes no time, unceremoniously...
text: ...CUTS the painting from its frame with sure, perfect strokes.
text: Rolls it quickly in acid-free paper. Opens the cylindrical tube,
dialog: pulling out...
text: ...another CANVAS which we cannot see. Deftly unrolls this,
text: fitting it carefully into the stolen painting's now-empty frame.
text: Re-hangs it. Stares for a beat through the opaque helmet visor.
text: Approves. Slips the rolled-up stolen canvas into the empty tube.
text: Leaves. Before we follow, we shift angle to see the replacement
dialog: canvas...
text: A cheerful acrylic portrait. Bozo the Clown.
text: WITH the Thief now, moving fast, into a panelled library. There is
text: a CHUTE built into the wall, a brass lid with the words U.S. MAIL.
text: The Thief pops the labeled tube DOWN the chute. Gone. Steps...
text: ...onto a bookshelf, reaches up to punch out an overhead grating,
dialog: and...
text: Disappears into the vent. Reaching back to refit the grating
text: seamlessly into place.
scene_heading: INT. VENT
text: Halogen flashlight leading the way, our Thief shimmies down the
text: narrow space, arriving at...
text: ...an open vertical AIR SHAFT, BLASTING air straight up the 100
text: floor height of the skyscraper, with frightening FORCE. Calmly,
text: the Thief clips on a different harness, unzips a nylon cover from
dialog: the backpack, and simply...
text: LEAPS DOWN the air shaft, startling the shit out of us, as, for an
dialog: instant...
text: ...the force of the updraft seems to HOLD the Thief in place,
text: suspended above 100 stories of nothingness. Then suddenly, the
dialog: Thief...
text: ...DROPS SHARPLY, an exhilarating moment of absolute FREE FALL,
text: until a cord is tugged and...
text: ...a nylon PARACHUTE OPENS with a pop. We watch the Thief drifting
dialog: lazily down. A ride any kid would pay big money for...
scene_heading: EXT. HANCOCK TOWER - LATE NIGHT
text: Our original exterior VIEW of the skyscraper's penthouse. REVERSE
dialog: ANGLE now to see in far distance...
text: ...the dense forest of silhouetted OFFICE TOWERS of downtown
text: Chicago against the night sky, and we ZOOM TOWARD them, covering
text: miles in three seconds, to CLOSE on...
text: ...the highest floor of the SEARS TOWER, and THROUGH an unlit
dialog: window to see...
text: ...a TELESCOPE. A silhouetted FIGURE looking through it. SNAP
dialog: to...
text: VIEW through the scope's lens. An amazingly CLOSE detail of the
text: Hancock Tower Penthouse. The scope now PANS DOWN the length of the
dialog: Tower, to...
text: The street. The Thief climbing onto a battered old Lambretta.
text: Calm as you please. And as the scooter glides off...
text: We HEAR our unseen voyeur WALK AWAY from our telescope. A door
text: OPENS somewhere, and as CREDITS CONCLUDE, it...
text: Closes. Softly.
scene_heading: INT. WEBBER ASSURANCE - DAY
text: A basement corridor. Long, bare, dimly lit. Silent. We're in the
text: bowels of somewhere. A startling CLANK, like a prison cell
text: unlocking. A FIGURE enters the corridor, coming this way, on the
text: hurried side of brisk.
text: HECTOR CRUZ is 42, tanned, fit, graying hair swept back in a Pat
text: Riley do. He wears Riley's Armani, too. Maybe this guy coaches.
text: Heels ECHO until he reaches a plain door with discreet lettering...
text: NO ADMITTANCE FOR ANY REASON. There is a dull silver rectangle
text: below the words. He holds his hand up to it...
text: Nothing happens. Shit. Dries his palm on his perfectly-creased
text: slacks. One more time. CLICK. Enters...
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - DAY
text: An unexpectedly VAST semi-circular room, the entire inner circum-
text: ference made up of a single continuous WALL SCREEN, separated into
text: a seamless array of IMAGES...
text: Three-dimensional rotating GRAPHICS of every room in the Hancock
dialog: Tower Penthouse, SCHEMATICS of electrical, plumbing, and ventila-
text: tion systems. See-through rotating multicolored models of every
text: piece of security EQUIPMENT imaginable, components FLASHING as
text: performance simulations are run. Rapid-fire sequences of indiv-
text: idual human PROFILES, complete with photos and bio blurbs. Screens
text: flickering with blizzards of DATA, hurtling past at warp speed.
dialog: The Pentagon and CNN would kill for this room.
text: The largest segment of screen, twenty feet square, runs a LIVE FEED
text: from the crime scene. The living room of the Penthouse, crawling
text: with slow-moving cops and technicians, doing their slow-moving
text: thing. Surrounding this image are a dozen smaller screens, showing
text: this and other rooms from a variety of camera angles. All live.
text: We see the library, the mail chute. The powder room. Bozo.
text: Cruz skips down three steps to floor level, nine separate CONTROL
text: STATIONS, each outfitted with super-tech panels to process the
text: avalanche of information. But today, all stations are empty.
dialog: Except one.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: Baker. You got it solved?
text: And now we see her. From the rear. Slouched at her station.
text: Looks like a skinny teenager in tousled tawny hair, rumpled
text: oversized workshirt, vintage jeans.
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S., from the rear)
dialog: Actually. Yeh.
text: Not a kid's voice. Throaty. Music and whiskey and sex and
text: effortless confidence. Even the voice turns us on.
text: CRUZ (glances at his watch)
dialog: What took you so long, Gin? I
dialog: called 4:30 this morn...
text: And stops. Because she turns with a look that would freeze anyone
dialog: to stone.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I was with someone, all right?
text: Now we really see her. Delicate bones and features, slender body,
text: radiating the power of a natural heart-stopping beauty. GINGER
text: BAKER is 32, ethereal and feral at once. Electric green eyes
dialog: crackle with an intellect and a will that are not to be fucked
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: So? This is work.
text: He is not kidding. Stainless steel beneath the dapper. They are a
dialog: matched team.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Hector, I hardly know the guy.
dialog: Why be impolite to strangers?
text: And he smiles. Maybe she's lying. He likes her.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: Look at those assholes...
text: He means the cops on live feed.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: If the Vermeer were lying on that
text: table, they'd toss their doughnuts
dialog: on it.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Yeh, well, they didn't insure it,
dialog: so they don't have to solve this.
dialog: To them it's a crime. To us it's 24
dialog: mil, less re-insurance, which is...
speaker_heading: CRUZ (grim)
dialog: Only thirty percent, Gin.
dialog: Ouch. Really?
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: Which is why you're on this.
dialog: Soft and straight. You're the best. I need you.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: He came in through the window.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: That's not possib...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: What's not possible is entry through
dialog: the doors or the vents. That would
dialog: have triggered instant alarm.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
text: The windows are wired, too.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Only for trauma. They used smart
dialog: glass, where the sensors respond to
dialog: violation of the panel's integrity.
text: He's listening. He always does with her.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I think he scaled the wall, popped
text: the frame. In one piece.
text: She sounds awfully positive. Then again, she always does.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Then, he only had to deal with
text: heat and motion sensors. They
dialog: were on 60-second delay, so the
dialog: owner wouldn't trigger the alarm
dialog: just be walking arou...
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: The pane weighs 200 pounds, the
text: building's 1100 feet high.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: This particular guy is the best.
dialog: The best there ever was.
text: Almost as if she knows who. Cruz shakes his head...
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: Popping the frame would trigger
dialog: the alarm.
text: She smiles. First time. Even at one-tenth power, it is dazzling
text: light. She touches the panel before her...
speaker_heading: GIN (gently)
dialog: I wrote a program and ran it, Dumbo.
text: The live feed is replaced by a red-outlined rotating three-
text: dimensional DIAGRAM of the living room. The alarm box glows green.
text: One window pane glows lavender. She touches the panel, and the
text: window SHATTERS, the alarm instantly emits a PIERCING SCREECH.
text: Reset. As he watches. This time the window SLIDES AWAY into
text: thin air. No sound. A stick figure appears, crawls through the
text: opening, and the alarm begins the slow BEEP we heard last night.
text: Cruz just stares.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Here's how I figured it out...
text: Live feed replaces the diagram. Our camera ZOOMS toward a VASE of
text: lilies by the window. All the flowers are tilted in one direction.
text: Over the lip of the vase, away from the window.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: No one arranges flowers like that.
text: It was the draft from the window.
text: He turns to her.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: You said. This particular guy.
text: Now she is beaming. Excited. And just above a whisper...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Andrew MacDougal.
text: Delighted at his stupefied reaction.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: Why not Houdini? Or Pretty Boy
dialog: Floyd? Maybe Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Because they couldn't do it.
dialog: His slow smile. This fucking kid.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: He's been out of the business.
dialog: For ten years.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Maybe not. No one ever proved,
dialog: hell, even arrested him, for
dialog: stealing anything. But we all
dialog: know he was numero ichiban for
dialog: thirty years. Why not forty?
text: She's serious.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: Why? Because of the Bozo switch?
dialog: Guys have been copying his pack-
dialog: rat signature for decades. Maybe
dialog: the thief wanted it to look like
dialog: MacDougal.
text: She doesn't even answer. Just touches her panel, and one of the
text: data screens BLOWS UP to huge size. It is...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: A list of his private collection.
dialog: Complete to three acquisitions
dialog: last Thursday.
text: Names SCROLLING up endlessly, next to titles, descriptions,
dialog: estimated retail and black market values. Turner, Corot, Thomas
text: Coles, DeKooning, Klimt, Cezannes, Odilon Redon, Braques, Mary
dialog: Cassatt...
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: No Vermeer. Nothing close.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Don't be a putz. This is his
dialog: legitimate collection, which he
dialog: buys. Presentable for any search
dialog: warrant surprise party.
dialog: Names keep rolling, Degas, Paul Klee. Amazing.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: What he rips off, he fences. And
dialog: the money feeds his portfolio of
dialog: investments, which are daring, savvy,
text: and obscenely succesf...
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: Oh, I get it. He has no interest
dialog: in Vermeers, so that proves he stole
dialog: one. By that logic, he oughta be a
dialog: suspect most of the time.
text: She shakes her head, sadly.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You love to embarrass yourself.
text: Touches her panel. The big screen now shows a grainy VIDEOTAPE
dialog: of...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The auction. Where our client
dialog: bought the painting...
text: We see the Great Room of an English Country estate. Perhaps a
text: hundred attend. Genteel to the max.
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S.)
dialog: Ashcroft Hall, Buckinghamshire,
dialog: four weeks ago.
text: The tape PANS five PAINTINGS on the block. We recognize our
text: VERMEER, the city of Delft, the canal, the bridge. The view PULLS
dialog: BACK to include the crowd, and...
text: FREEZES. One tiny section is circled. And BLOWS UP twenty feet.
text: high, so blurry as to be unrecognizable. Then, SNAPS to amazing
dialog: resolution. The image of...
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S., murmur)
dialog: Anyone we know?
text: ...ANDREW MacDOUGAL, perhaps 60, as charismatic and shamelessly
text: virile a face as one can recall. Etched with character and worldly
text: experience, lit by a twinkle behind the razor-keen gaze. Tall,
text: wide shoulders, massive hands. This guy would be more fun to fuck
dialog: than fight. By a lot.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: So he was there.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Staking it out. Why bid, when
dialog: you can mark the buyer, and jack
dialog: it within the month?
text: She leans WAY back in the molded chair. Lifts her long legs
text: up onto the console. They end in slender bare feet. The toes
text: wriggle.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: At this moment, he is winging on
dialog: JAL flight 307 to Narita, ostensibly
dialog: to attend a prestigious auction at
dialog: the Hotel Akura, which will include
text: a mixed media collage/oil by Georges
dialog: Braques, on which he supposedly has
dialog: his eye.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: But you know better.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Bet your ass. At Vegas odds.
text: Touches the panel. The big screen now holds three faces, three
dialog: names.
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S.)
dialog: Research reveals three known fences,
dialog: still at large, who are believed
dialog: to have brokered Vermeers to black
dialog: market buyers. Sandrine Palmer is
text: hospitalized in Malta with ovarian
dialog: cancer.
text: One face and name disappears. Two remain. KOICHI NARUHITO.
scene_heading: HIROYUKI YAMAJI.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The other two. Live in Tokyo.
text: A tiny, dry, adorable, shrug. Which says, bingo.
speaker_heading: CRUZ
dialog: And you did all this since 4:30
dialog: this morning.
text: Grinning small at each other. She can't help that hers is hot.
dialog: She never can.
speaker_heading: CRUZ (murmur)
dialog: Plus. You were polite to a
dialog: stranger.
text: One of those moments when his attraction to her is too obvious to
dialog: ignore. Best to defuse by pretending it's a joke...
dialog: GIN (soft and playful)
dialog: Sounds like you're sorry you're
dialog: already a friend.
text: Said as banter between pals. Which doesn't make her wrong.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL OKURA, TOKYO - NIGHT
text: Auction in progress in the huge traditional LOBBY, where bonsai
text: trees, paper lanterns and elaborate painted screens counterpoint
text: the sleek, international, big-money crowd. Everyone milling,
text: drinking, schmoozing, networking in a babble of languages, as up
text: on the raised platform...
text: ...the AUCTIONEER has a new piece on the block, a 6th Century
text: temple scroll, from the Asuka period. It is exquisite, and bidding
text: seems to be big time, from the rapidly escalating numbers on the
text: overhead DIGITAL DISPLAY, which reveals bidding status in thirty
text: currencies simultaneously. As we PAN the hall, we see...
text: ...all non-Asians either wearing headphones, or acompanied by
text: personal translators at their elbow, to follow the rapid-fire
dialog: auctioneer.
dialog: Except one.
text: ANDREW MacDOUGAL stands alone in black tie. Tall and rugged and
text: polished and focused, and, well, pretty gorgeous. He is bidding on
text: the scroll, indicated only by subtle gestures with his program and
text: the repeated finger-stabs of the auctioneer in our direction.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S., subtitled Japanese)
dialog: Don't do it.
text: PULL BACK slightly to reveal Gin, who has stepped to his shoulder.
text: She is barely recognizable to us in her satiny slip of a pale
text: golden gown that drapes her frame perfectly. Breathtaking would
dialog: be an insult.
text: MacDougal doesn't turn, doesn't seem to even hear her. Just raises
dialog: his program to up the bid.
dialog: GIN (softly, subtitled Japanese)
dialog: You're already over value. By
dialog: 15 percent.
text: And now he turns. Straight to her eyes. This is NOT an admiring
text: glance at seeing the loveliest woman in the Northern Hemisphere.
text: It is a look that says, in the most understated terms, shut up or
dialog: I'll kill you. She shuts up.
text: His glance goes to his obvious bidding RIVAL, a rather butch
text: middle-aged Chinese woman in an embroidered version of a Mao suit.
text: She indicates her bid by gesturing with a tiny Yorkshire Terrier,
text: whom she holds in her stubby hands. MacDougal raises back.
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: Will you stop being stubborn
dialog: for one sec...
text: And stops. Because he has turned. With the eyes of a lion. Being
text: pulled from an antelope carcass.
dialog: MAC (quietly, subtitled Japanese)
dialog: I have a question.
text: Rich Scottish voice. Impeccable Japanese intonation.
dialog: GIN (brightly, subtitled Japanese)
dialog: Who the fuck am I?
dialog: MAC (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: That is of no interest.
text: Oh. In spite of herself, she looks a little hurt.
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: What, then?
dialog: MAC (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: Why. Are we speaking. Japanese?
text: Her eyes move across his formidable face.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Uh. I'm showing off.
text: His eyes scan the length of her gown. Her body.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Something of a habit?
text: She is minus a comeback.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You know the alleged value of this
dialog: piece from some fucking computer,
dialog: which has no clue of the price I
dialog: can turn the scroll around for in
dialog: 30 minutes.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: No, you can't.
text: He blinks. No?
speaker_heading: GIN (really sorry)
dialog: It's sold.
text: His great head WHIPS around to see Madame Mao KISSING her pooch,
text: flushed with victory. He stares for a long moment, a veneer of
text: philosophical almost masking his rage. When he turns back...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Are you a confederate of my
dialog: adversaries? Or are you just
dialog: stupid.
text: And walks. Away.
text: HOLD on her. Feeling like both.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL OKURA - NIGHT
text: Mac among the guests awaiting their cars, standing slightly apart.
text: From behind him...
text: ...a feminine throat clears. Nervously. He closes his eyes for a
text: beat. Then, turns.
speaker_heading: GIN (softly)
dialog: How about. If I try humility.
text: And presents a business card to him with both hands, Japanese-
text: style. Mac looks in her eyes. Takes the card with both hands.
dialog: Reads...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Virginia Romay...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Gin, actually, Gin Romay. I
dialog: was named after a card game.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Or a cheap cocktail.
text: She blinks. His brows raise...
dialog: MAC (softly)
dialog: As in. I'll have a Gin Romay,
dialog: please. With a twist.
text: That laser, unsmiling stare. Beyond sexy. She gets lost in it for
text: a beat.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You're supposed to be charming.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'm supposed to be selective.
text: Glances back to her card. Reads...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Art and Antiquities Acquisition
dialog: Advisor, how alliterative...
text: Looks up. Still no smile.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And am I the antiquity?
speaker_heading: GIN
text: In mint condition.
text: She sighs. Achingly lovely.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Look, I've studied you, I know...
dialog: pretty much...everything.
dialog: Do you.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Made your first millions selling
dialog: scrap metal. Then, gold mining
dialog: concessions, gems, art, and lately
dialog: strategic metals for new technologies
dialog: - platinum, zirconium, titanium...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You said. Everything.
dialog: Huh? Oh.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The cat burglar stories? Why
dialog: would anyone...with so much to
dialog: lose...take those kinds of risks?
text: Guileless smile.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You'd have to be. Stupid.
text: A held beat. His glance lifts beyond her shoulder.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Excuse me.
text: And walks off toward a sleek custom TOURING CAR just pulling up.
text: She goes after him.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I didn't know Porsche made
dialog: things like this.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Well, they don't...
text: Tipping the valet. Sliding in...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...as a rule.
text: Shutting the door. Through the open window, she hands something
text: from her bag. A plastic rectangle which OPENS into a slide viewer.
text: She presses the light ON. He looks at the slide.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Recognize that?
dialog: No reaction.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: My seller is in Shinjuku, we can
dialog: go there tonight.
text: She leans closer.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: He wants 4.6 million. I can
dialog: get it for three.
text: He hands it back. Looks in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: No, you can't.
text: And TAKES OFF. Her jaw drops slightly, but in one fluid motion...
text: She's hailed a cab.
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL HOTEL BAR - LATER
text: Graceful, timeless room, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in the
dialog: '20s. Burnished. Elegant. Way cool. A place to drink, to deal,
text: to dream. PAN down the polished surface of the bartop, til we
dialog: come to...
text: ...a tropical DRINK. Cute little umbrella, tilted back toward the
text: room. ROTATE ANGLE to see...
text: ...INSIDE the umbrella, something small, something mechanical. A
text: woman's HAND ADJUSTS the point of the umbrella ever so slightly,
dialog: and we PAN UP her arm to see...
text: ...Gin. Still in her gown. She is reading, with half-glasses, and
text: one of the bows curls around her ear, which we CLOSE on to hear...
text: ...static. Gin adjusts the drink umbrella, which is a directional
dialog: mike, and hears...
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: ...only it's not bloody football!
text: SNAP to Mac's table, well across the room. Drinking giant beers
text: with a large, really fat Japanese guy in a costly; if wrinkled,
text: suit. The hulk listens with stone attention to Mac's rant, as if
dialog: he actually gave a shit.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: ...it's just that crap Americans
dialog: call 'football', like you could
dialog: call your ass a butterscotch scone
dialog: and have it be one!
text: The guy nods seriously. Maybe he's a Sumo dude.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Why you'd want to bring that
dialog: foolishness to Japan, you're
dialog: just pissing your investment
text: down a bungee hole.
speaker_heading: SUMO GUY (major accent)
dialog: You got Cubano this trip?
text: That he does. Mac pulls out a leather cigar holder, and passes it
text: over. Flat against one side is an ENVELOPE, which Sumo Guy PALMS
text: skillfully, slipping it seamlessly INTO his pocket as he withdraws
text: a small MATCH BOX. Takes out one long cigar, lights up...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Seriously, put the money into
dialog: pharmaceuticals or prostitution,
dialog: something stable.
text: The big guy pushes the cigar holder and match box back toward Mac.
text: Opening the box, Mac sees one match and a small MICROCHIP fastened
text: to the cardboard. Lights up. Slides the match box in his pocket.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Garbage, perhaps. Or industrial
dialog: plastics.
text: ANGLE...Gin still engrossed in her reading. A figure leans down
text: next to her. She startles, slightly. So surprised to see...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: My favorite thing in life.
dialog: Coincidence.
text: She gives him the great smile.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I'm staying here, what's your
dialog: excuse?
text: And now he smiles. First time ever. A little chilling, the way he
dialog: does it.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Staying here, as well. You
dialog: are in room...?
dialog: GIN (half a beat)
text: One thirty-eight.
text: In one motion, he flags the bartender...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Will you send a half-bottle of
dialog: Chateau d'Yquem '67 to Room 138,
dialog: please? And some berries and
dialog: chocolates for the lady to enjoy
dialog: it with.
text: He presses some currency into the barkeep's hand. Turning back...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Actually, I was just across the
text: room, dickering with a gentleman
dialog: over the purchase of an interesting
dialog: Spitzweg. Until I determined the
dialog: painting was apparently stolen...
text: Oh. She's shocked. He agrees...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Goes against my grain. The
dialog: DeKooning in your slide, the 4.6
dialog: million you can get for 3. Can
dialog: you get it for 2 and a half?
text: She looks in his eyes.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Sure.
dialog: And as if he believed her...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: My checkbook is in my safe. You
dialog: wait here.
text: His smile evaporates. He is gone before she can say...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Okay. I'll wait here.
scene_heading: INT. CAR, SHINJUKU DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: Mac driving in silence. Gin stealing glances at him. Suddenly and
text: smoothly, he reaches down, and picks up...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: That's my purse.
text: He opens it. One eye on the road, he begins to rummage...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Just want to see if I'm with the
dialog: person you say you are. Can't be
dialog: too caref...
text: She SNATCHES the bag away from him, he GRABS it back, the car
text: SWERVES LEFT, and...
text: ...CRASHES VIOLENTLY into a parked pure white Bentley. Metal
text: BUCKLES and TEARS, both ALARMS go OFF, a cacophony of horrific
speaker_heading: NOISE.
dialog: MAC (quietly)
dialog: Oh, dear.
text: People come RUNNING, but our focus is drawn to the refined elderly
text: COUPLE who were just returning to their precious Bentley. Their
dialog: WAILS and ANGUISH would be suitable if all their grandchildren had
text: been crushed beneath Mac's wheels.
text: Mac and Gin are OUT of the car. As he exits, Mac has palmed a
text: small BLADE, and in a quick unseen motion, RIPPED a jagged tear
text: in his left trouser leg. The old couple RUSH to Mac, SHRIEKING
text: their rage and grief in Japanese, Gin is trying to calm them as
text: bystanders gather, but Mac cuts through...
dialog: MAC (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: We'll go in there, and call
dialog: the police.
text: And HOBBLES off toward the nearest building, a block-square
text: 30-story skyscraper bearing the name FUJITSU. The couple, the
text: crowd, all race after the limping Mac...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Are you all right?
text: No answer, he looks dark enough to rain. INTO the public lobby of
text: the huge industrial complex. Two night GUARDS come hurrying from
text: their desk, as the small mob POURS in. Mac in the lead, a
text: commanding presence, tells the guards in a loud, clear voice...
dialog: MAC (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: I have damaged the car of these
dialog: kind people. Please help them
dialog: call the police...
text: One guard leads the hysterical couple toward a phone. Mac pulls up
text: his trouser leg, and Gin GASPS to see a bloody GASH. Mac drops the
text: trouser back over the wound. Asks the remaining guard...
dialog: MAC (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: May I use a washroom, please.
text: The guard nods absently, disoriented by the chaos. Mac hands his
dialog: billfold to Gin...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: These are my papers, passport, car
dialog: registration. If the police arri...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You're going to need stitches,
dialog: let me get you to a hospital.
text: Soft words, genuine concern. And his eyes flicker. As if somehow
text: seeing her for the first time. A small spark, but she feels it.
dialog: Softer still...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Really, this can all wait.
dialog: I'll handle it.
text: The look holds.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: That's actually. Very sweet.
text: His first real smile. It was worth waiting for.
dialog: MAC (to a guard, subtitled Japanese)
dialog: Might you have a First Aid kit,
dialog: of some kind?
scene_heading: INT. TOILET STALL
text: We are inside an empty, closed, Japanese-style toilet stall.
text: Porcelain foot rests. A hole. The door BURSTS OPEN, and...
text: ...Mac enters FAST with the First Aid kit, locking the door,
text: hitting the STOPWATCH on his wrist, which begins counting at
text: ZERO. He pulls UP his trouser leg, revealing the bloody gash,
dialog: and simply...
text: ...RIPS the entire wound OFF, the rubbery prosthetic wound DANGLES,
text: dripping its phony blood. Mac pulls gauze strips from the kit,
text: SOAKS them in bogus gore, expertly WRAPS his leg, then FLUSHES the
text: prosthetic DOWN the hole.
text: He pulls off the FUJITSU VISITOR badge clipped to his lapel, and
text: from a Ziploc bag slides a small sheet of plastic, which he PRESSES
text: to the face of the badge, fitting perfectly, turning the badge
dialog: into...
text: ...an EMPLOYEE I.D., the name KAWAKUBO, M., the PHOTO of a surly
text: Japanese male. Quickly, Mac takes out the MATCH BOX from the hotel
text: bar, and with a fine tweezers gently removes the MICROCHIP, placing
text: it INSIDE the badge, activating it with a soft BEEP-BEEP. He
dialog: reaches now...
text: ...behind his back, up UNDER his tux jacket, and RIPS FREE a
text: tightly-compressed PACK of what seems white paper or cloth. He
text: SNAPS it loose, revealing it to be...
text: ...a baggy CLEAN SUIT, not unlike hospital scrubs and falling to
dialog: the floor...
text: ...a white HOOD. With opaque tinted VISOR.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY CORRIDOR
text: Mac in his clean suit and opaque-visored hood at an elevator marked
text: CLEARED PERSONNEL ONLY in English and Kanji (Japanese characters).
text: He holds his badge to the SCANNER, the door PINGS and slides OPEN..
scene_heading: INT. PREP ROOM ENTRANCE, 29TH FLOOR
text: Mac emerging from his elevator at the entrance to an AIR-LOCK with
text: sign CLEAN ROOM - CLASS 10. Holds his badge to the SCANNER, the
text: air-lock door lights FLASH froin red to yellow to green. He
dialog: enters...
text: ...the PREP ROOM. Recorded VOICES purr safety instructions in
text: Japanese, while Mac stands, being bombarded by air shower, chemical
text: sprayer, blinding UV light. The next air-lock OPENS. He enters...
scene_heading: INT. CLEAN ROOM
text: ...a long ASSEMBLY LINE, where ROBOT ARMS work on a stream of black
text: SILICON WAFERS, which pass along a clear Lexan CONVEYOR BELT. The
text: wafers move through various airtight CHAMBERS, exposing them to
text: multi-colored gasses, cyan, sodium yellow, magenta, etc., as part
dialog: of the microchip manufacturing process.
text: More than a dozen TECHNICIANS in their hooded clean suits watch
text: over every phase of the work, attached to the walls by grounding
text: wires and air hoses, which create a deafening NOISE. Mac simply
text: hooks himself up, and saunters straight THROUGH the area, toward
text: the place where the conveyor belt with its newly-processed
text: MICROCHIPS...
text: ...DISAPPEARS through the wall. Nearby, a HATCH is built into the
text: same wall, and Mac calmly CLANKS it OPEN, squeezing through into...
text: ...a dimly-lit MAINTENANCE BAY. Panels of switches, wires, fuses,
text: fans, air cleaners. Maximum claustrophobia, as Mac CLANGS the
text: hatch SHUT behind him, looking instantly to...
text: ...an OVERHEAD HATCH with letters in Kanji and English, DANGER
text: ARGON GAS. Mac THROWS back his hood, YANKS out his mini oxygen
text: pouch, fits the slender forked breathing tube into his nostrils,
text: and slips on thick round infrared GOGGLES that make him look like a
dialog: refugee from 12 MONKEYS. No time to lose...
text: ...up THROUGH the overhead hatch, closing it behind him as he
dialog: enters...
text: ...the conveyer TUBE, a horizontal Lexan cylinder three feet in
text: diameter, filled with billowing red gas. Mac stretches out on his
text: belly, glancing up to where the clear conveyor belt, with its
text: precious cargo of microchips, runs along just above his head in
text: eerie red light. He begins to...
text: ...shimmy, crawl, squirm along the length of the tube. Gas too
text: thick to see the end. He is agile as a commando, hauling ass, when
dialog: suddenly...
text: ...the floor beneath his tube FALLS AWAY, and he is crawling in
text: space 29 stories above Tokyo, as his tube spans the distance
text: between manufacturing and shipping structures. He goes faster,
text: HARDER...
scene_heading: INT. MICROCHIP VAULT
text: A black chamber. We can scarcely make out the endless rows of
text: shelving, the air purifying equipment, the conveyor belt entering
text: through its air lock, as machinery folds each priceless microchip
text: in foil wrappers, stacks them on shelves. Through the gasket...
text: ...Mac TUMBLES into view, swinging himself neatly DOWN to the
text: floor, and in a single motion, he is already FLASHING a neon-green
text: pen light along the shelves of microchips. We see now the wrappers
text: are different colors, with different Kanji characters, and Mac is
dialog: definitely looking for something special, until...
text: ...he's found it. A single row, 35 chips, nothing special from
dialog: here, but Mac...
text: ...WHIPS out something coiled, SNAPS it to full length, revealing a
text: strip of shiny black SATIN CLOTH. Three feet long, little more
text: than an inch wide. Carefully, Mac lays the strip down directly
text: OVER the row of microchips. And when he lifts it UP again...
text: ...the chips have ADHERED to the underside of the cloth. In one
text: deft SNAP of his wrist, he COILS the cloth again, like a yo-yo.
dialog: Turns to leave, and...
dialog: Oh, yeh.
text: Tosses a small SACK of something where the chips used to be. TIM'S
scene_heading: CASCADE BRAND POTATO CHIPS. SEA SALT AND VINEGAR FLAVOR.
scene_heading: INT. CLEAN ROOM
text: Mac exiting from the maintenance hatch back into the Clean Room.
text: No one sees, no one cares. Hooking up once again, he ambles toward
text: a door clearly marked EXIT ONLY TO EMPLOYEE LOUNGE - RETURN ONLY
scene_heading: THROUGH SECURITY AREA.
text: By the door is an employee notice tacked to the wall. He pretends
text: to scan it. A stack of flyers. He takes one. Exiting into...
scene_heading: INT. EMPLOYEE LOUNGE
text: Past a changing area, vending machines, guys bullshitting. Mac
text: just strolling along, reading his flyer, as...
text: A hand. Touches his shoulder
speaker_heading: VOICE (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Mac turns, stares through his opaque VISOR at a well-built SECURITY
text: OFFICER. Dead straight eyes.
speaker_heading: OFFICER (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: The company picnic. Saturday or
dialog: Sunday?
text: His eyes cut to the flyer Mac is 'reading'. Mac hands it to him,
dialog: and without a trace of Scottish accent...
dialog: MAC (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: Better eat first.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST LOBBY
text: Gin is up to her ears in grief. There are no less than five COPS
text: grilling her, taking notes, while the old couple has their second
text: wind and are SHRIEKING in top form. The bystander gallery has
text: grown to maybe three dozen, and they're all getting their word in.
text: As Gin struggles to cope...
text: ...she keeps looking at the clock. Darting glances toward the
text: corridor. She is freaking out.
text: Finally. She can't stand it. Hands Mac's billfold to one of the
text: cops, pushes her way through the mob, and...
text: ...TAKES OFF down the corridor, a security guard in belated
dialog: pursuit, we go...
text: ...WITH her DOWN the hallway, WHEEL around a corner, flat-out
text: SPRINTING, SKIDS to a stop at the right doorway and BURSTS INTO...
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM
text: An empty washroom. She listens. Nothing.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Mr. MacDougal? Sir?
dialog: No sound. Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Uh. Mr. Ma...
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S., from the stall)
dialog: Just 'Mac'. And whatever became
dialog: of a gentleman's privacy?
text: The security guard BARGES IN.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: My God, more females?
text: The guard starts railing at Gin a mile a minute. She calmly takes
text: a WAD of bills from her purse. Hands them to the guy...
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: Stand outside. That door. Two
dialog: minutes...
text: He does. Alone again.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I was worried, it's been twenty...
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
text: Eighteen, actually. The leg is
dialog: fine, but I got sort of...woozy.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Woozy.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Lost my stomach once or twice.
text: CUT INSIDE the stall. He is just re-taping the folded clean suit
text: and hood to the small of his back.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'm an old man. You probably
dialog: noticed.
text: Awkward silence. He smiles at that, much amused. Slips on his
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You should see me without
dialog: my teeth.
text: UNLOCKS the door. Remembers...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Ah. Mustn't forget to zip up.
text: That's not what he forgot. He pulls OUT the coiled black satin
text: cloth strip, SNAPS it free, microchips snug to the underside. And
dialog: fits it neatly...
text: ...DOWN his trouser leg. The perfect tuxedo stripe.
text: OUT the door. To meet her gaze.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Odd place, this.
text: He goes to her. Offers his arm.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What do you suppose they make
dialog: here? Video recorders?
text: She takes it, wrapping both hers through.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Microchips, I think, for computers.
text: He opens the door. Ushers her through...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Bad investment. The best ones
dialog: are here today...
text: Follows her out...
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Gone tomor...
text: Closed door. Quiet.
scene_heading: INT. CAB, NIHONBASHI DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: They sit together in the rear of the taxi, as it makes its way
text: through late night traffic. She is looking around.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: This isn't the way to my sel...
dialog: MAC (quietly)
dialog: I've changed my mind.
text: Looking straight ahead. Contemplative. She stares at his
dialog: profile...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Mind telling me why?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You can't get it for me at 2.5,
dialog: can you?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Well, we can tr...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You were setting me up. The correct
dialog: price is 2.8. You conspire with the
dialog: seller to start at 4.6, so I'll be
dialog: grateful when you 'bargain' him down
text: to three. Close enough to fool some
dialog: people. unfortunately...
text: He sighs. Never looks at her.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'm old. I know what everything
dialog: is worth.
text: She keeps staring.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: So where are we g...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I am going to the airport. You
dialog: are going on to the rest of your
dialog: life. Which...
dialog: He thinks. Admits...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...should be interesting.
dialog: Her turn to think.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You forgot your lugg...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: The hotels deal with that. The
dialog: things I need are always waiting
text: at the next one.
dialog: (afterthought)
dialog: I don't carry. Baggage.
dialog: Little twist on that.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Sensible. And you're off to...?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Oh, that's highly personal.
text: He still stares straight ahead. The taxi pulls onto a freeway.
text: Toward Narita Airport. Time running out. And in her dearest, most
dialog: vulnerable, voice...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I did so hope to impress you.
text: She puts the fingertips of her left hand. On his chest. A
text: silence. No reaction.
speaker_heading: GIN (hopeful)
dialog: I'm still hoping...
text: And he smiles. Turns to her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Young lady. I am old enough to
dialog: be your grandfather.
text: She shakes her head. Uh-uh.
speaker_heading: GIN (soft)
dialog: My father.
text: Leans her mouth in for the kill.
speaker_heading: GIN (whisper)
dialog: That's part of the rush.
text: And softly. Fits her mouth to his. The green eyes close, as
text: she tastes him. Nothing predatory in this kiss. It is tender,
text: exquisite. A kiss of deep longing. Of true love.
text: His arms slip around her. And in less than five seconds...
speaker_heading: TAXI DRIVER (O.S., racist accent)
dialog: Still on fo' airport?
dialog: Nobody. Says. Nothin'.
scene_heading: INT. MAC'S SUITE - LATE NIGHT
text: A small bottle. An ornate label. Chateau d'Yquem '67. Gin lifts
text: it from the table, studies the label. She wears only a man's
text: oversized t-shirt. Our rotating ANGLE reveals the empty bed,
text: tangled sheets. Gin looks pretty rumpled herself.
text: She lifts the bottle, two glasses, a plateful of chocolates and
text: strawberries, and goes to the sliding glass door overlooking...
text: ...the TERRACE. Mac sits on a futon at the balcony railing,
text: overlooking downtown Tokyo. He wears a thin Japanese robe called
text: a yukata, and is wrapped in half of a huge down COVERLET from the
text: bed. The other half obviously waiting for...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Here. A reward.
text: She curls down into the billowing coverlet, just against his body.
text: Sets her things beside him.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: A reward for what?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: For not being old. After all.
text: It is a lovely smile. He studies it for a beat.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You mean. Not as old as I look.
text: She traces her finger along his cheek.
speaker_heading: GIN (a whisper)
dialog: Yeh.
text: And kisses him. It takes awhile. She seems to enjoy it. With
text: him, it's harder to tell. When she pulls back...
text: ...he picks up a chocolate. Tears it in half. Offers her the
dialog: larger piece.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Do I deserve a reward?
text: No answer. He puts the chocolate into her mouth. With great
text: tenderness, he traces the line of her lower lip. As she swallows.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: It's so hard to find good casual
dialog: sex, anymore. I'm probably out
dialog: of practice.
text: But he just looks at her.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What's hard to find. Is someone
dialog: you truly want to be with.
text: And leans closer. Just above a whisper...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Even for awhile.
text: He kisses her. Beautiful and deep, the way he does it. And
text: when he pulls back, she is staring at him. As if at a loss for
dialog: something to say.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: It's lucky we stopped by my room,
dialog: for the wine.
text: She swallows. Because his gaze is unrelenting. As if not
text: forgetting that she's changed the subject.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Otherwise, we'd never have found
dialog: my bag was stolen. Until tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Would that make it more stolen?
text: She smiles. His face looks kind now, not formidable at all. Maybe
text: she's wondering if she actually likes him.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: They even got my prescriptions.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Something you need? There are
dialog: all-night chemists...
text: He does look concerned. And therefore sweet. She kisses his nose.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I take Prilosec. For stomach
dialog: acid. And an inhaler. For asthma.
text: She gets her old smile. The soft, wicked tease.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: But since I didn't have to work
dialog: all that hard tonight...
text: He stares at her. Cocks a finger, like a gun, right between her
text: eyes. Pantomimes pulling the trigger.
speaker_heading: GIN (softly)
dialog: Ouch. I had that coming.
text: She pivots, and snuggles her back comfortably into his chest. He
text: wraps strong arms around her. Pulling her close.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Why would someone steal my luggage?
dialog: Every guest in this place must
dialog: have more than a wannabe art dealer.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Ah. Maybe the thief thought you
dialog: had something valuable in there.
text: Something in the tone.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Such as...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Well. Wannabe dealers make
dialog: excellent fences.
text: A flicker. In her eyes. And she cuddles back. As if enjoying the
dialog: humor.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: He thought I had a stolen
dialog: painting. In my bag.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'm joking, of course.
text: Kisses the top of her head.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: The Vermeer wouldn't fit.
text: Her eyes widen. Just a little.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Why, did you do something wrong?
text: She turns all the way around. Their faces are inches apart. Each
text: reading the other's eyes.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You said. Vermeer.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: The most famous painting stolen
dialog: this week.
text: His turn. To kiss her nose.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: If you don't keep up on your
dialog: craft. You'll miss all the jokes.
text: And lowers her gently onto her back. Still staring in her eyes, he
text: winds her legs around him. Her mouth parts, but...
text: ...he fills it with his own.
dialog: This conversation. Is over.
scene_heading: INT. MAC'S SUITE - MORNING
text: VIEW of the empty terrace, the rumpled, twisted coverlet. Maybe
text: they spent all night. HEAR the shower running full blast in a
text: distant bathroom. PULL BACK to see...
text: Gin, hair wet, wrapped in a plush hotel robe, rapidly and expertly
text: going through dresser, night stand, closet, sofa cushions, every
dialog: goddam thing in the room. She comes to...
text: ...Mac's tux. The jacket, rifles the pockets, pats the lining.
dialog: The pants now...
text: ...something peculiar. The right leg has no stripe. Touches the
text: cloth. Slightly sticky where the stripe should be. Odd.
text: ANGLE...the bathroom. Shower running full BLAST. But there's no
dialog: one in it.
text: ANGLE...a storage closet. Mac crouching in the smallspace. We
text: see the travel bag. The luggage tag, VIRGINIA ROMAY, a Darien,
text: Connecticut address. The embossed initials VR. But there is
text: something else in Mac's hand...
text: ...a prescription bottle. Prilosec. And a name, GINGER BAKER.
text: Chicago address. Mac puts the pills in the pocket of his robe...
text: ...exits the closet. Locks the door.
text: ANGLE...Mac ambling into the bedroom, toweling his hair with one
text: hand. Holding his billfold in the other. Gin is starting a room
text: service breakfast. Eggs, sausage, Belgian waffles. The girl can
dialog: eat.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'm so glad I didn't leave Tokyo.
text: She looks up. Trademark dry grin...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I love a guy who knows how to
dialog: sweet talk.
text: He stands over her. Smiling. What he meant was...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: There was a call. While you
dialog: were sleeping.
dialog: A call.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: An art dealer I know. He has a
text: Monet. Minor, but it is Giverny.
dialog: He'll let me have it for 5.3 million.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: GIN (cautiously)
dialog: We can maybe beat that.
dialog: MAC (pulling plastic from his billfold)
dialog: I agree. This is a bank debit card.
dialog: It gives the bearer access to an
dialog: account containing 4.6 and change.
dialog: I dislike round numbers.
text: And hand. the card to her. As her eyes move over it...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'd like you to go down there,
dialog: and pick up the painting. If
dialog: that's all right.
dialog: Without looking up...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: If I'm there, he'll haggle. You
dialog: just hand him the debit card, with
dialog: that...luminous smile. And say,
dialog: take it or leave it.
text: Now her eyes come up. She says nothing. Hesitant.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Oh, dear. I thought you so
dialog: wanted to make a good impression.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Thought I already did th...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And along with making an excellent
dialog: impression. You will also make 2
dialog: percent of the purchase price.
text: She blinks.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: That's $92,000. And change..
dialog: For two hours work.
text: The look holds. He goes to the desk. Lifts a cellular phone.
text: TOSSES it to her.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Any problems. Just give me
text: a ring.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Stolen painting is it?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Of course not.
text: And on his way out the door...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: If it was. I wouldn't pay more
dialog: than three.
scene_heading: EXT. WHARF, YOKOHAMA - DAY
text: Gin climbing out of a taxi at a scruffy section of Yokohama's Bund.
text: Sleazy shops, pachinko parlors, hostess bars, sidewalk noodle
text: counters, all built along a tall rickety PIER nearly thirty feet
text: above the pounding surf. The harbor is gigantic. Every type and
dialog: size of vessel imaginable.
text: Gin carries a long neoprene-covered tube with watertight seals and
text: a lightweight bright orange foam cover. She looks at her slip of
text: paper. Then across at the place...KENDO SOUVENIRS, a schlock
text: kickback parlor, with a tourist bus parked out front.
text: This can't be right. Pulls out the cellular phone. Dials.
speaker_heading: MAC'S RECORDED VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You have reached the voice-mail
dialog: of AMD Investments. And, yes,
dialog: you are at the right place.
dialog: Fucking great.
dialog: GIN (into phone, pissed)
dialog: I like men with a sense of humor.
dialog: This does not qualify.
text: SNAPS the phone shut. Checks the slip again. Walks firmly across
text: the street, through the mobs of tourists, and into...
scene_heading: INT. KENDO SOUVENIRS - DAY
text: The place is huge, ramshackle, loaded with every piece of tourist
text: crap imaginable. The only paintings on display are renderings of
text: big cats on black velvet. She winds her way through, to a counter
text: at the back. One guy there...
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: May I please speak with Mr. Okati.
speaker_heading: OKATI
dialog: You doin' it.
dialog: The best we can say for the pudgy, balding fellow in the Hawaiian
text: shirt and spectacularly baggy trousers, is that he does not seem to
dialog: be the guy who is selling you a Monet. Even a minor one.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I think there's some mista...
speaker_heading: OKATI
dialog: You from Mac?
text: She stops. Jesus. The guy COUGHS horribly.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I'm from Mac.
speaker_heading: OKATI
dialog: Lemme see card.
text: She hesitates.
speaker_heading: OKATI
dialog: Four million, six hundred
dialog: thirteen thousand, five hundred?
text: Wow. He slaps his hand on the table. Lay it down, toots.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You first.
text: He shrugs. Lifts straight up, from beneath the counter...
text: ...a brown paper-wrapped rectangle. Not much larger than two feet
text: square. She can't even believe she's here, doing this. Gestures
dialog: to him. Open it up!
text: He obliges, COUGHING grossly all the while. Unwrapped, the
text: painting does look like a Monet. From here. She stares at it.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Now bring me the real one.
text: He doesn't blink.
speaker_heading: OKATI
dialog: This as real as it gets, lady.
text: And from within her pocket. The cellular RINGS. She takes it
text: out. Puts it to her ear.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: You got it?
speaker_heading: GIN (into phone)
dialog: Is this an audition, a joke, or
text: a rip-off? I'm staring at an
dialog: obvious forgery, here.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Turn it over.
text: This gives her pause. Then, cradling the phone against her
text: shoulder, she does as she's told. To see...
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Is there an envelope? Taped to
dialog: the back? In a Ziploc bag?
dialog: Sure is.
speaker_heading: GIN (into phone)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Detach the bag. Read what's
dialog: in it. Aloud.
text: She does. Carefully unfolding several sheets of paper, maps...
speaker_heading: GIN (reading into phone)
dialog: Shikoku Naru, a freighter, it
dialog: says, Yokohama to Jakarta...dates,
dialog: statistics...specs on some kind of
dialog: machine, diag...
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
text: Papers back in the envelope,
text: envelope back in the Ziploc, very
text: quickly, without seeming to hurry...
text: Her eyes are flickering questions, but she does as she's told,
text: cradling the phone with her shoulder.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Now take the debit card from your
text: purse, slipping the Ziploc into the
dialog: purse as you do it, shielding the move
text: from everyone in the room but Okati.
text: And she does. More deftly than we could ever have imagined. Like
dialog: a pro.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S., quietly)
dialog: Give him the card.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GIN (into phone)
dialog: Mac, the painting's a forg...
dialog: MAC (O.S., even quieter)
dialog: This is a test. Of whether you'll
dialog: still be alive four minutes from
dialog: now. Do you hear me?
text: Her face freezes. In a pleasant smile.
speaker_heading: GIN (into phone)
dialog: Yes, Mac, I do.
speaker_heading: MAC (0.5.)
dialog: Now. Hand him the card, and tell
dialog: him in Japanese to pretend he is
dialog: checking it by phone. Tell him to
text: take awhile, as if he's on hold.
text: She turns the sweet plastic smile to Okati. Hands him the card...
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: Mac says, pretend you're checking
dialog: this by phone, and take your ti...
speaker_heading: OKATI (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: ...like I'm on hold, sure.
text: And suddenly, his eyes are keen and quick, and he is no longer some
text: schmuck in baggy pants. He takes the card, stares at it comically,
text: picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
text: While he's checking, look around
text: the room casually, as if searching
dialog: for the cheesy handbags...
text: She begins to.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: All the while laughing, as if you
dialog: are chatting with someone you
dialog: actually like.
speaker_heading: GIN (into phone)
dialog: I'm not that good.
text: But she is. And she laughs, as she strolls over to the cheesy
text: handbags.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: As you're looking around, do you
dialog: notice any m...
speaker_heading: GIN (into phone)
dialog: Three guys, two together, one
text: alone. Cheap suits, not looking
text: at me in a cop-casual way.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
text: Call out cheerily to Okati, in
dialog: English, 'Where's the toilet?'
speaker_heading: GIN (into phone)
dialog: Can I say, 'little girl's room'?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Wing it.
text: GIN (calls out, cheerily)
dialog: WHERE'S THE CRAPPER?
text: Okati, absorbed by his make-believe phone call, points around the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Get going. Now.
text: GIN (into phone, as she saunters)
dialog: Mac, the painting isn't...
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: You've got what we bought, are
dialog: you out of their sight?
text: She turns the corner. Filthy corridor. Restrooms at opposite
dialog: ends.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
text: Run into the men's toilet.
dialog: I know you know how.
text: A beat of uncertainty. She looks both ways.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S., ominous)
dialog: Are you running?
text: And she DOES. SPRINTING down the garbage-strewn hallway, throws
text: OPEN the men's room door, BURSTING IN on...
text: ...a wispy OLD GUY taking a leak through a HOLE in the floor.
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Japanese)
dialog: GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!
text: The panicked little man STARTLES. Bolts OUT the door.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Jump.
text: Jump? HEAR now, from the corridor, footfalls POUNDING. She looks
text: down through the piss hole. The surf ROILS thirty feet below.
speaker_heading: GIN (into phone)
dialog: It's too small.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: The window, twit!
text: Oh. She hops OVER the disgusting hole, boosts herself UP to the
text: small window, footfalls racing CLOSER, HOISTS herself HALFWAY
text: through, DROPPING the phone a scary 30 feet to the surf below, as
text: behind her, the door...
text: ...SLAMS OPEN and she FLIES OUT the window...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: SHIIIIIIIIIIT...
text: WITH her in SLO-MO, kicking and flailing and grasping her shoulder
dialog: bag, and she...
text: HITS the ocean like a ton of bricks. Disappears. Comes up,
text: sputtering in the swirling water, as from out of the shadows of
dialog: the pilings...
text: ...an engine ROARS to life, the BLUR of a custom JETSKI, Mac
text: reaching to scoop the startled girl OUT of the water, and they...
text: ...BLAST OFF, as bullets RAIN helplessly after them. The AGENTS
text: shouting into their cellulars, racing in frustration down the pier,
text: which rapidly vanishes behind us, as...
text: ...Gin hangs onto Mac for dear life. This baby is REALLY hauling.
text: He wears an orange waterproof slicker with matching trousers.
text: Shouts back, against the noise...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ARE YOU PISSED OFF?
text: She thinks. Admits, shouting in his ear...
speaker_heading: GIN
text: ACTUALLY. IT'S INCREDIBLY COOL!
text: He is heading into deep water, a major shipping channel, points to
text: one side, and she sees...
text: ...a huge HARBOR PATROL vessel FIRE UP in near distance. The chase
text: is ON. They speed toward the WAKE of a luxury liner, and as she
dialog: realizes...
speaker_heading: GIN
text: OH NOOOOOO...
text: They SLAM INTO the wake HEAD ON, and are AIRBORNE for an amazing
text: distance, JOLTING back to the surface, RACING toward...
text: ...two gigantic FREIGHTERS which approach each other from opposite
text: directions. The Harbor Patrol in hot pursuit, BLASTING its HORN...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: WE'RE GONNA DIE, AREN'T WE?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: JUST AS SOON AS I'M READY!
text: As we near the outbound freighter, Mac CUTS his speed. Now the
text: Harbor Patrol is really gaining.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: FASTER, NOT SLOWER, YOU TWIT!!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: HAVE TO GIVE THEM A SPORTING
text: CHANCE...
text: Cruising STRAIGHT TOWARD the part side of the outbound freighter,
text: as the inbound freighter begins to pass it on the far side...
speaker_heading: MAC
text: ...SOMETHING WE SCOTS LEARNED
dialog: FROM THE BRITS!
text: As the Harbor Patrol is nearly ON them, Mac VEERS suddenly AROUND
text: the stern of the outbound freighter, the Harbor patrol WHEELING
text: madly to pursue, only to find we are both CAREENING straight AT...
text: ...the starboard side of the inbound freighter, Mac CUTS his wheel
text: in an adroit nearly right-angle SWERVE, and hears the SCREAMS as
dialog: the Harbor patrol...
text: PLOWS INTO the freighter! Wasting no time, he ACCELERATES into
text: maximum BURN, STREAKING toward the immensely crowded harbor and its
text: thousand vessels. Gin can't help but look back at the impressive
text: crash site, mouthing a silent WOW.
text: Nearing the harbor, Mac CUTS speed completely, drifting between two
dialog: huge ships and...
text: ...vanishing from sight.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL CHANNEL - DAY
text: The tiny Jetski cruises in a quiet channel, crowded with vessels of
text: all sizes, tugs, fishing boats, pleasure craft, junks, sampans, all
text: larger than we are. Gin clings close to Mac, although it is no
text: necessary. More like romantic. She is still flushed with
dialog: the rush.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I guess you're gonna explain
dialog: all this, huh?
text: But he says nothing. Pulls out a water-tight duffle. Hands it
text: back to her, without looking.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Dry clothes, you'll need them.
text: In five minutes.
text: She takes the bag, confused.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I'm supposed to change? Here??
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I won't look. Gentleman's word
dialog: of hon...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: There are a million sailors!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I've seen you naked. Give the
dialog: boys a thrill.
dialog: He means it.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You probably won't be dating
dialog: any of them, so what the hell.
text: Gin looks around as they float through the maze of watercraft. No
text: one seems to be paying much attention. What the hell. She unzips
text: the bag, pulling out...
speaker_heading: GIN (astonished)
dialog: These...these are mine!
text: He never looks around.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Found 'em in your room. Perhaps
dialog: the thief wasn't your size.
text: She stares at the back of his head. wondering. He is stripping
text: off his slickers. A neatly-tailored SUIT beneath.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We have a business appointment.
text: In four minutes.
text: Okay. She pulls her dress off OVER her head.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Business, huh?
text: She ignores some nearby WHISTLES and SHOUTS. Begins drying herself
text: with a fluffy towel from the bag.
dialog: MAC (never turns)
dialog: Time has come to tell you. What
dialog: business. I'm actually in.
dialog: Uh-oh. Paydirt.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Uh. Am I gonna like th...
dialog: MAC (quietly)
dialog: I'm a thief.
text: She can scarcely believe he's admitting this.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And now that I've told you.
dialog: I'll have to kill you.
text: He chuckles a Scottish chuckle. Cold and warm, at once.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Or...
text: She slips the dry dress OVER her head.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...you can spend the most
dialog: interesting three weeks of
dialog: your life. Training.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Training for wha...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...followed by the most exciting
dialog: night of your life. After which,
dialog: you can walk away with 20 million
dialog: untraceable dollars...
text: She blinks. He means this.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...which will come in handy.
dialog: Things being what they are.
text: He shrugs.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: From now on. You can valet park.
text: She begins taking off her wet underwear, underneath the dress. We
text: suspect unseen hordes crestfallen at her modesty.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: And if I refuse?
dialog: MAC (very quietly)
dialog: Don't. Please.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I mean, you won't really kill
dialog: me, I'm far too adorable.
text: He looks around at her. As if deciding on that.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Last night, at Fujitsu, I did
dialog: some business. While you thought
dialog: I was in the toilet.
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: What could you possibly steal
dialog: in 18 min...
speaker_heading: MAC
text: Thirty-five super-microchips.
dialog: Each worth one million dollars.
dialog: And change.
text: Staring dead at her eyes.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You hate round num...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I stole your suitcase when I
dialog: left you at the bar. I have
dialog: since sent it on to the States,
text: with three chips, well hidden.
dialog: Are you following?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Since you aren't there to claim
dialog: it, the bag will sit at Customs.
dialog: Safe. Unless...
text: No smile. No smile at all.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: They receive. An anonymous. Tip.
dialog: Holy. Fucking. Christ.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: That's entrapment.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: No, entrapment is what cops do
text: to robbers.
text: We can feel her heart pounding from here.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Blackmail. Is what robbers
dialog: do to schmucks.
text: And leans. To kiss her mouth.
dialog: MAC (softly)
dialog: Even adorable ones.
text: They have glided up beside the gangway of a gigantic FREIGHTER. It
text: is at water level, the steps they use for their tender. He points
dialog: up to the name...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Pop quiz.
text: SHIKOKU MARU. She nods, slowly. Pulls the Ziploc bag from her
text: purse. Hands it over. He removes the sheets of paper. Begins to
dialog: peruse them...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Admit it's a rush. The best day
dialog: of your heretofore drab life.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Fuck you.
text: He glances up.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: ...accompanied by related foreplay.
dialog: And gives him the smile. What a gal.
text: He offers his hand. She rises, hops lightly to the steps of the
text: gangway in her bare feet. He pulls dry shoes from the duffle. And
text: as she slips them on...
text: ...he FLIPS a switch, and the Jetski begins to FILL with water, Mac
text: stepping to the gangway beside her. They watch...
text: ...the Jetski rapidly SINK out of sight.
text: No evidence. A thorough guy.
scene_heading: INT. FREIGHTER HOLD - DAY
text: Mac and Gin stand inside a gigantic CARGO BAY, watching massive
text: CONTAINERS being loaded by crane from a dock, through the gaping
text: HATCH. The chamber is a vaulted cathedral of steel, painted
text: hospital green, and Mac's eye moves over all of it, seeming to
text: inspect every plate, every pan head rivet.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S., British cheer)
dialog: Hullo, there!
text: They turn to see a round little man with watering eyes and a very
text: wide necktie, skipping-down the iron steps. Bursting with a
text: salesman's bonhomie, he extends a plump hand...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Nickerson Carlsby, Mr...
dialog: MacDuff, yes?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Banquo MacDuff. This is my
dialog: associate-fiancee, Ms. Duncan.
text: The little man pauses. A tic in the well-oiled smile...
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: That is...fiancee and assoc...
dialog: GIN (cheery herself)
dialog: I'm a hyphenate.
text: Ah. Like that makes complete sense. Fingers the gardenia in his
dialog: lapel...
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: Well, it's a pleasure, in this
dialog: alien place, to do business with
dialog: a countryman.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'm a Scot. It's a different
dialog: country. Culturally and historically.
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: CARLSBY (looking around)
dialog: Well. They've brought you to
dialog: quite the wrong place, I see.
dialog: MAC (looking around)
dialog: Thank God.
text: ANGLE...Carlsby leads the way along a narrow catwalk, which ends at
text: a steel door. He presses his thumb to the I.D. panel, and speaks
text: into the voice box...
speaker_heading: CARLSBY (confidential code-voice)
text: In Penny Lane, the barber shaves
dialog: another customer...
text: The door CLANGS open. They go through it, as a gangway leads
text: toward an open five-foot-thick VAULT DOOR, where two ARMED GUARDS
text: rise from their seats. Carlsby ignores them as if they were
text: furniture. THUMPS the door...
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
text: Five feet thick with hidden rein-
dialog: forcements, no way to drill through!
speaker_heading: GIN (authoritative)
dialog: Impressive.
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: Only the tip of our security
dialog: iceberg. See these two Brinks
dialog: locks...?
dialog: They do.
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
text: The Captain keeps one key. The
dialog: other is continually forwarded:
dialog: to the Chief of Security at next
dialog: port. There is no way to enter
dialog: during voyage.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I like this.
text: Carisby glances to Mac. He is stone.
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: The best armed guard, rotated every
dialog: six hours. A redundancy, of course,
dialog: but we would rather be safe three
dialog: times over than merely two.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Sound mathematics.
dialog: MAC (very quiet)
dialog: What if there's a fire? In the
dialog: chamber.
text: Ah. Carlsby leads them through the open door, into...
text: ...the maximum-security HOLD. Primo. The steel coated with sleek,
text: matte, black all-grip paint. Tubby points up...
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: Sprinklers. New design. Incredible
text: power. The entire chamber is water-
dialog: proof, fireproof, airtight. If the
dialog: ship sinks, God forfend, your cargo
text: is secure for salvage.
text: No reaction. Mac does not look convinced.
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: And your cargo is...?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Wine.
dialog: Wine.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: The bloody Japs bought up half
dialog: the premium clarets in the universe.
dialog: You may have heard.
dialog: Actually. He has.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'm in charge of shipping some
dialog: 14,000 bottles, most quite rare,
dialog: to a number of premium hotels in
dialog: Hong Kong, Bangkok, Singapore,
dialog: Phuket, and Penang.
text: Carlsby gets the romance of it all.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: All of which are destinations on
dialog: your October voyage. Five months
dialog: from now. However...
text: And turns to the man. With laser, disapproving eyes.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Wine. Doesn't prefer. To be
text: jostled.
text: The man beams. Gestures to a series of PLATFORMS, each SWAYING at
text: different heights, in different directions.
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: Our 'delicate treasure' platforms,
dialog: suspended on gimbals. Your cargo
text: remains unruffled by roiling seas.
text: Then, on arrival, is plucked...
text: Pointing once more...
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: By that forklift, and gently
dialog: deposited on dock through the
dialog: cargo hatch...
text: ...a huge circular hatch cut into the hull. Mac's eyes stare
text: blankly at it. A long beat. He pronounces it all...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Adequate. I suppose.
text: And then turns once more.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Did we see...a bathing pool.
dialog: On deck?
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: Oh, yes, sir. The Shikoku Maru
dialog: carries sixteen luxury suite pas-
dialog: senger cabins. The finest cuisine.
dialog: For valued clients who prefer to
dialog: cruise in privacy.
text: Mac. Thinks this over.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Mildly. Interesting.
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER DECK - DAY
text: Carlsby ushering the couple along a plushly-appointed hallway. A
text: secret oasis of refinement in the heart of the massive freighter.
text: He opens a burnished door, into...
text: ...an elegant SUITE. Cherrywood panels, spacious windows with
text: views of the harbor. The finest furnishings. It is breathtaking.
dialog: Even...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Adequate. I suppose.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: But dearest, in five months,
dialog: we'll be in Cape Town.
text: Mac pulls from his pocket the folded sheets that had once been
text: taped to the back of Okati's Monet. Peruses them casually.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Anything sooner? That goes
dialog: perhaps from...say, Sri Lanka?
dialog: To Jakarta.
text: And looks up. To a man dumbstruck. By coincidence.
speaker_heading: CARLSBY
dialog: Why, yes. In three weeks.
scene_heading: INT. CESSNA - DAY
text: Looking DOWN on California's San Joaquin Valley from 12,000 feet,
text: as air RUSHES past our open door.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: You seem depressed.
text: PULL BACK to see them both in jumping suits. He's checking her
text: gear. She's eyeing the expansive grid of fields below.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: At your insistence, I'm leaping
dialog: to my death, and I don't know why!
text: He clips a tether from his harness to hers.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Because. You're a greedy girl.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I'm not jumping until you talk
dialog: about this, it's been two days!
text: She folds her arms across her chest. Rebellious. He smiles at her
dialog: tenderly. Nods, okay.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Why are we going in three weeks,
dialog: if the wine is on a different
dialog: route months lat...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: There is no wine. That just bought
dialog: us a look at their security.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I knew that.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What we want is on the boat in
dialog: three weeks. Now can we jump?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The machine in those diagrams. on
text: the back of the painting.
text: Maybe. He's still smiling.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: What does it do, make gold?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We're nearing the targ...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Why won't you trust me?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: How do I know who you are, hmmn?
text: Stares in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: For all I know, your name isn't
dialog: Virginia Romay. Maybe you're
text: a cop.
text: She stares back. Dead straight.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Why would a cop do all th...
dialog: MAC (softly)
dialog: Entrapment, remember? What cops
dialog: do to robbers.
dialog: GIN (just as softly)
dialog: Oh. That.
text: His smile is light, affectionate. Gently, he backs her to the edge
dialog: of the doorway...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: One...two...
text: She THROWS her arms around his neck. Holds him close.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Mac, I'm afraid.
text: Vulnerable and touchingly real. His arms slide around her.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Of you.
dialog: MAC (a murmur)
dialog: Smart girl.
text: And JUMPS, Gin SHRIEKING in his arms, as we...
text: FOLLOW them, TUMBLING in FREE FALL, until he releases her, and bot
text: EXTEND their arms and legs, as if flying, as if gliding face down,
text: her shriek CONTINUING. He floats at the end of their tether, a few
text: feet above her. And at last...
text: ...her SCREAMING STOPS. We see the pure adrenaline rush. Shouts
dialog: back...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: NEXT TIME, I'M ON TOP!
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP, MARIN COUNTY - DAY
text: Woods, rolling hills, a dirt path. Mac stands by a sign at a
scene_heading: crossroads, names, arrows, STINSON BEACH, BOLINAS, MT. TAMALPAIS,
text: MILL VALLEY. There is a phone booth nearby. He holds a stopwatch,
text: looking down the path, as...
text: ...Gin runs into view, steady stride, breathing hard, sheened with
text: sweat. Approaching him, she slows to a stop. Hands on her knees,
text: catching her wind. He CLICKS the watch.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: Consistent. And rather impressive.
text: She sends a nasty smile, thanks a bunch. But maybe she likes the
dialog: compliment, after all.
scene_heading: EXT. MAC'S CABIN, BOLINAS - NIGHT
text: Rustic cabin in moonlight. Ringed by woods. Middle of nowhere,
text: which is where Mac likes it. As we approach the lit window, we
text: hear two oddly-matched sounds. splashing water. And the HISS of a
text: violent POWER TOOL. We MOVE THROUGH the window, into...
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Two figures stand in the shower, spray SOAKING their shorts and
text: tank tops. Gin is operating a sleek WELDER, trying to perform
text: micro-surgery on a DARTBOARD which Mac waves in all directions at
text: the end of a short pole.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: All right, six and seven...
text: She blinks the spray from her eyes, and deftly SEARS the wire
text: dividing those two numbers on the board. As Mac keeps waving it,
text: she goes off line. Concentrates. Gets it right. The wire PEELS
dialog: away...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Three and four...
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN - DAY
text: CLOSE on Gin operating a small steamshovel with a loading
text: attachment on the front. It is mounted with two 2 x 4's, set
text: close together, protruding from the loader. She maneuvers the
text: wooden prongs toward a pile of big rocks. But as she positions
text: to scoop one up, her vehicle SWAYS WILDLY, and we PULL BACK to
dialog: see it is...
text: ...dangling from a CRANE, operated by Mac. Gin stays with it,
text: concentrates, and on the next pass she glides her boards UNDER a
text: huge rock, LIFTING it awkwardly. Ignoring the bumpy ride, she
text: pivots, and deposits her prize in place atop what has become...
dialog: ...a WALL of stones.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: What the hell are we building?
text: He gives this some reflection.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: A chalet, I think. Or an outhouse.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT
text: Mac and Gin paddle KAYAKS, side by side. A full moon slams off
text: the rolling surface of the sea. Light chop, enough to bob pretty
text: strong once they stop paddling. His stopwatch GLOWS. He says
dialog: only...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Forty seconds.
text: And she FLIPS OVER, submerging her head and torso, and we go...
text: ...WITH her underwater, upside-down in the kayak, she STRUGGLES to
text: FREE a group of tools which are tethered to her wetsuit. Fumbling
text: to BREAK the seal on a slender TUBE, which BURSTS, sending a GLOW
text: of yellow-green LIGHT in all directions. She fits the flexible
text: tube around her head like a headlamp, pulling out...
text: ...a small ELECTRIC FAN with side HANDGRIPS of black metal.
text: Buffeted by the current, Gin manages to flip a small switch on the
dialog: housing of the fan, and...
text: ...nothing happens. Again. Nothing. And again. SHIT! With a
text: supreme effort, she tries to ROLL herself upright, but...
text: ...can't quite make it. Blind PANIC now, blowing bubbles, FLAILING
text: at the kayak, which suddenly...
text: ROLLS upright, manipulated by Mac. She sputters and tries to
text: THROW the tethered fan at him, but it snaps back and SLAMS her
text: across the shoulder. She is furious.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Get your fucking equipment
dialog: together, man, this is a
dialog: professional operation!!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Gin in a clearing, arms at her sides, a determined look. Mac is
text: somewhere just behind us.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: This time, when you raise your
dialog: arm. Don't breathe.
text: She nods, got it. Focused. suddenly, in the clearing before her,
text: a HOSTAGE SILHOUETTE TARGET pops up, the outline of a terrorist
text: shielding himself with a hostage, Gin's arm rising with a BLUR
dialog: and...
text: ...BLAMM, BLAMM, BLAMM!!! The paper terrorist is NAILED in the
text: head. Two out of three. She lets out a thin stream of air. Proud
text: of herself, but too cool to gloat.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Very, very nice. Had a tour
dialog: with the Mosad, did you?
text: She turns slowly.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Where does this fit in the
dialog: game plan?
text: His enigmatic, yet fond, smile.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Oh, it doesn't. But one
dialog: never knows...
text: A quiet wink.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You might need it with me.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on Gin leaning back at a 45 degree angle. She is sweating.
text: This is hard. HEAR a SLAM-THWOCK! And ANOTHER. PULL BACK to
dialog: reveal...
text: She is climbing UP the inside of the angled A-frame CEILING, using
text: hand rods with powerful SUCTION cups, and similar suction devices
text: on the balls of her feet. A human spider, inching up the wall with
text: everything she's got. She SLAMS the next hand rod down, and it...
dialog: ...slips.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Shit.
text: ...as she TUMBLES eighteen feet to...
text: DISAPPEAR in an ocean of STYROFOAM packing bubbles, which EXPLODE
text: in all directions like popcorn in a nuclear accelerator.
text: She has totally VANISHED. Buried alive.
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S.)
dialog: DID I SAY SHIT?
text: Mac is wading into the sea of plastic bits, DIGGING her body out
text: with his bare hands. Once more, she comes up sputtering.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: This one, I will not get!
text: He's holding her in his arms. Leans close.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: But you will, you'll get it all.
dialog: You are actually...
text: He kisses her.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Quite remarkable.
text: Something in the way he looks at her. Her return gaze is naked.
text: It looks like love.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Take the rest of the evening off.
text: And kisses her again. Her eyes close.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - MORNING
text: Mac sits alone at a table, sipping coffee, reading Barron's. A
text: short-wave radio is playing BBC World Service. Leaning against an
dialog: open laptop, is...
text: ...Mac's stopwatch. He glances up at it. What he sees makes him
text: reach into a duffle at his feet, withdraw...
text: ...a rectangular gun-metal gray DEVICE. Looks like a cross between
text: a remote control clicker and a large cell phone. Turns it ON. The
text: power display GLOWS green.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - MORNING
text: Gin running alone. Up the dirt path we've seen before. Ahead, the
text: crossroads, the sign. The lonely phone booth.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH
text: Mac tuning the device, which is an advance-design SCANNER. We HEAR
text: overlapping CONVERSATIONS through bursts of STATIC...
speaker_heading: OVERLAPPING VOICES (O.S.)
dialog: ...told you it's not a good time
dialog: f...either, personally, I've never
dialog: liked h...Giants' pitching, once
dialog: ag...late, you want the Chronicle
dialog: or don't y...
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH
text: Gin at the phone. Inserts her credit card. Catches her breath.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH
text: Mac HEARS a phone RINGING over the scanner. Punches RECORD, PLUGS
text: the scanner INTO his laptop.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Webber Assurance.
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S.)
dialog: This is oh-four-six-one. Hector
dialog: Cruz, please, on a secure line.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Please hold.
text: Mac's laptop screen in printing. WEBBER ASSURANCE...HECTOR CRUZ...
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Go ahead, please.
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S.)
dialog: Thank y...
text: The line goes DEAD.
text: So do Mac's eyes. Click the scanner OFF.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH
text: Gin in her throaty, playful voice...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: ...no way I'm telling you shit.
speaker_heading: CRUZ (O.S.)
dialog: Baker, this is an extremely
dialog: dangerous g...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: ...right now, you're more dangerous
dialog: than he is.
text: A pause. Her voice is smiling. Not her eyes.
speaker_heading: CRUZ (O.S.)
dialog: You want to explain th...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: If I tell you what this is, and
dialog: where this is, you'll send back-up,
dialog: and those morons will blow my cover,
dialog: and I'll be too dead to accept your
dialog: apology.
text: A longer beat.
speaker_heading: CRUZ (O.S.)
dialog: You're fucking him, aren't you?
speaker_heading: GIN
text: Right to the wall.
text: Her eyes are stone cold. We've never seen her like this. She
dialog: looks like Mac.
speaker_heading: CRUZ (O.S.)
dialog: You're over your head, Baker.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Only romantically. I'll write to
dialog: him in prison.
text: She's pulling out a different piece of plastic. A drug store phone
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: CRUZ (O.S.)
dialog: Okay, it's your funeral. Next time
dialog: I see you, I owe you a spanking.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Ooooo. Is that a promise?
text: Her cold eyes through his chuckle.
speaker_heading: CRUZ (O.S.)
dialog: While you're on secure, do you want
dialog: a transfer?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Nope. I'm headed back to the hot
dialog: tub. I'll call again, if I'm in
dialog: the mood.
text: And hangs up. Collects her thoughts. Inserts the phone card.
text: Dials from memory. Fifteen digits. She must be calling Mars.
dialog: At last...
text: ...a man's VOICE. In a strange sing-song language.
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: Is it over?
text: SMASH CUT TO...
scene_heading: EXT. TIENANMEN SQUARE, BEIJING - NIGHT
text: Late night, mostly youngsters strolling the unfathomable vastness
text: of the square. At what seems an immeasurable distance, the huge
text: illuminated portrait of Mao zedong hangs from the Gate of Heavenly
dialog: Peace. The scale of this place is unique in all the world. PAN to
text: a nearby parked...
text: ...Mercedes. COL. QIU of the People's Liberation Army, lounges at
text: the wheel in full uniform. Talks into his cellular...
speaker_heading: QIU (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: ...it's not over yet, it hasn't
dialog: even begun.
text: He listens, winces. We can hear Gin's voice yelling at him in
text: Mandarin, dishing out a major piece of her mind.
speaker_heading: QIU (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: ...after Midnight, when his meeting
text: ends. In Zhongnanhai.
text: He doesn't like her attitude. And there's plenty of it.
speaker_heading: QIU (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: The mask will be ready...
text: A phalanx of TROOPS march past. The Colonel turns his face to
text: shadow. Drops his voice...
speaker_heading: QIU (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: You fucking bring the bones.
scene_heading: EXT. ZHONGNANKAI, BEIJING - LATE NIGHT
text: The walled compound where the Politburo's elite work and live.
text: From an open gateway...
text: ...the MINISTER OF FINANCE appears, flanked by bodyguards in the
text: drab green of PRC police. They step onto the street and turn into
text: a narrow hutong. Down the alleyway comes a young man walking his
text: bicycle through shadow. Nearing us, he raises his right hand,
dialog: and...
text: ...SHOOTS each bodyguard TWICE through the chest, DROPS the bike,
text: LURCHES at the Minister with something cylindrical and gleaming,
dialog: and...
text: ...SPRAYS the cowering official's FACE with something that makes
text: him SCREAM in pain, the assassin RUNNING down the hutong for his
dialog: life, as a fallen guard...
text: ...SHOOTS him in the back, and he goes SPRAWLING, SKIDDING, face
dialog: down. Lifeless.
scene_heading: INT. OPHTHALMOLOGIST'S OFFICE, BEIJING - NIGHT
text: Col. Qiu walks beside a jaunty ophthalmologist, DR. HONGWEI, who
text: is turning ON lights in the darkened office as they go. Behind
text: them, two PLA SOLDIERS half-carry the agonized minister. Into an
dialog: examination room...
text: ...the minister gently set into an examining chair. The doctor
text: tilts the face up, shines a light into the minister's eyes, which
text: makes him GROAN. Eye drops now, which make the man YELP in pain.
text: HONGWEI now moves the RETINAL SCANNER into position, resting the
text: minister's chin on the slot provided. Turns it ON. The machine's
text: panel FLASHES numbers in red lights. Hongwei looks into the box
dialog: from the reverse angle, to view...
text: ...a red LASER SCAN moving across the pupil vertically, then
text: retracing its path horizontally, left to right, right to left,
text: up and down, at speed.
text: Hongwei moves to a computer monitor with a graphic rendering of
text: the retina, clicks the keypad to section off a slice of the
text: graphic, and ENLARGES the section 100 times. Looks like pixels.
text: Back to the scanner. Touch a button, and...
text: ...a COMPACT DISC pops out of the disc drive. He places it in a
dialog: box, telling the minister...
speaker_heading: HONGWEI (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: We send this to the lab for finer
dialog: analysis. One piece of advice,
dialog: huh...?
text: The minister squints up, painfully.
speaker_heading: HONGWEI (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: No more red pepper in your eye.
dialog: Not for awhile.
text: The doctor LAUGHS. The minister seethes. But Colonel Qiu...
dialog: Has his mind. On business.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE, SAN FRANCISCO - LATE NIGHT
text: CLOSE on Gin's gloved hand, holding something we can scarcely see,
text: as MIST floats up between us. It is a carabiner with a nylon rope
text: attached, and she CLIPS it to a thick wire.
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S.)
dialog: I'm freezing my tender parts.
text: PULL BACK to see her in climbing harness, scaling a nearly-vertical
text: CABLE, three feet in diameter. Enveloped in fog which reveals,
text: then conceals.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: I'm relieved to hear you have some.
text: PULL WAY BACK to see him below her. The two of them climbing
text: the GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE. They are near the top, more than 700
text: feet above the silvery black BAY. A precarious, dizzying sight.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What's amazing, is that only eleven
dialog: workers died during construction of
dialog: this thing...
speaker_heading: GIN (grim)
dialog: ...thanks for sharing...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Of course, the others were saved by
dialog: a safety net.
text: Gin keeps her focus on the small railed PLATFORM just above her. A
dialog: gutsy gal.
dialog: MAC (loving it)
dialog: Now, as for the suicides, they
dialog: always jump facing the city. Avoids
dialog: that tall fence about 50 stories down,
dialog: see it, there?
text: She's at the platform.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I never liked you.
text: Unclips one last time. This won't be easy. Throws her rope
text: OVER the railing, and to her surprise, Mac braces himself with
dialog: his legs...
text: ...lifts her from the waist with strong hands, boosting her easily
text: to the platform. Grateful, she hates to confess it.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: One act of fucking human kindness...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Call it a lapse.
text: And he swings lightly up beside her. The fog has rolled past.
text: There are several million stars. Transcendent beauty. She slows
dialog: her breath...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: And how does this fit into
dialog: the game pl...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Oh, it doesn't. We came for
dialog: the view.
text: And from his contoured backpack, he pulls a bottle of Cristal.
text: Flutes, wrapped in velvet. He POPS the cork in one motion, and it
text: SAILS to its watery doom. She can't help but watch.
text: One more motion to pour both glasses. Hands one to her. Toasts...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: To Ginger Baker.
text: He clicks her glass. She stares straight in his eye. Shows no
dialog: surprise, no fear...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I'm partial to drummers. If they
dialog: played with Clapton and Winwood.
text: And takes a sip. Cool as a goose. Licks her lips.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The prescription bottle. When you
dialog: stole my suitcase.
text: But he's not drinking. Only staring. The wind has picked up.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Armand Baker was my husband, May 13
dialog: to October 27, 1982, he played alto
dialog: sax, I was 17 years old.
text: She takes another sip. Good wine.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: He named me Ginger. He likes
dialog: drummers, too.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And you get sentimental for him.
dialog: Every time you order drugs.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I have I.D. in that name. I use
dialog: it for various things I don't want
dialog: traced. When credit unions turn
dialog: their computers my way.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I could listen to you lie all night.
text: She toasts him.
speaker_heading: GIN (softly)
dialog: Same here, fella.
text: Slowly, he reaches to an inside pocket, watching to see if she
text: flinches. Her eyes do flicker. And follow. He withdraws not a
dialog: pistol, but a handful of...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Do you like diamonds?
text: Nine DIAMONDS, so large, so exquisite, she has to keep her eyes
dialog: from bugging. Wow.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You asked. Does the machine.
dialog: Make gold.
dialog: Holy. Christ.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Gold is shit. It's six thousand
dialog: dollars a pound. Worth your weight
dialog: in gold...?
text: His eyes travel her body...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: That would put you at seven
dialog: hundred thousand.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Would you pay it?
text: And he leans. Looks in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: When the light hits you just
dialog: right. I'd pay more.
dialog: She liked that. Maybe a lot.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The machine. That we are stealing.
dialog: Makes diamonds?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Real ones?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Gem quality. First ever. God
dialog: save Japan.
text: He toasts Blessed Japan to the East. Takes a hit.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: A diamond reactor takes graphite,
text: runs it through a combination of
dialog: lasers, electron beams, and scanning-
text: tunnel mg microscopes.
text: He means this. She is transfixed.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: This one uses krypton-fluorine laser,
text: with a new isotope of krypton.
text: She looks down at the diamonds in his palm. His fist CLOSES.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: The atoms are rearranged. And
dialog: the molecule of graphite becoznes
dialog: a molecule of...
text: He turns his fist UPSIDE-DOWN. And LETS GO! She GASPS as the
text: brilliant stones FALL toward the sea. Watching, watching, long
text: after the moonlit glimmer has evaporated. A hush.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I hate it. When you make
dialog: a point.
scene_heading: INT. SHIKOKU MARU - DAY
text: CLOSE on two open PASSPORTS. The names say BANQUO MACDUFF and
text: ISADORA DUNCAN. The faces are Mac and Gin.
speaker_heading: STEWARD (O.S.)
dialog: All right, then. All set.
text: PULL BACK to see Mac and Gin dressed as tropical tourists. She
text: hangs on his arm.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: We will keep your passports in
dialog: our safe until Jakarta.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: You are Suite 16...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: ...and never been kissed.
text: The steward doesn't get it. Gin shrugs, sorry.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We had booked Suite 9.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: 16 is our Tokugawa Suite, far
dialog: superior, trust me.
text: Mac consents. A little wary.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: You luggage is in the room, these
dialog: are your keys, the housekeeper
dialog: will show you t...
speaker_heading: GIN (pouting)
dialog: Oh. Can't we stroll around the
dialog: port? Just a little?
text: The steward checks his watch.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: I'd be on board in forty minutes.
dialog: Just to be safe.
dialog: GIN (sweet smile)
dialog: Better safe. Than sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK, COLOMBO, SRI LANKA - DAY
text: Mac and Gin stroll down the gangway, to the seedy, dangerous-
text: looking wharf. At the bottom of the gangway...
text: ...a wooden board to mark the whereabouts of guests. Each
text: stateroom has a peg, which can be moved to ABOARD or ASHORE. Mac
text: moves the peg for 16...
dialog: ...to the ABOARD position.
dialog: And off they go.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL PLANE - NIGHT
text: Mac in his jump suit piloting the Dehaviland DHC-53 across the
text: endless black of the Indian Ocean. For the moment, he seems alone.
dialog: Then...
speaker_heading: MAC
text: Down there. Ten o'clock.
text: He means a tiny grouping of LIGHTS. Way down there, against the
text: darkness. He switches on the AUTOPILOT. Goes back to...
text: ...Gin, waiting in her jump suit, sitting on a large pack of gear
text: just beside the window of the jump door. Next to her, a pack that
text: is even larger. No fear in her eyes tonight. Pure adrenaline.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Are you dumping fuel?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Changed my mind. There's nothing
text: on the instruments downrange. The
text: longer she flies before she ditches,
dialog: the less chance they notice on the
dialog: Bridge.
text: As she stands, he begins to strap the huge pack ONTO her body.
text: Jesus. With her chute, and the other gear attached, the load makes
dialog: us uneasy. Not her.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You should lose the oxygen tank
text: at 8000 feet.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: And how do I judge that? Babe's
dialog: intuition?
text: He points to an altimeter device on his wrist. It says 12,000
text: feet. She cuts him a look.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: So I just ask you on the way down?
dialog: Or were you planning to e-mail me.
text: He pulls out an identical device. Strapping it to her wrist...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I hate a crybaby.
text: He straps the even-larger gear pack to himself. Checks the path of
text: the tiny lights far below. Then, looks in her eyes...
speaker_heading: MAC (simply)
dialog: You can do this.
text: Not merely reassurance. Affection. Something connective between
dialog: them. You are my partner. Her eyes send back that personal bond,
dialog: and she nods. I can do this. Good girl.
text: He pulls on his oxygen mask, goggles. She does the same. He OPENS
text: the door, air BLASTING in. One more look down below, and he holds
text: up ten fingers. Counts them down, nine...eight...
text: She moves to the edge. Watching him. And on zero, she...
text: ARCHES out INTO the starry VOID, and we go...
text: WITH HER, the incomparable RUSH of freefall, straining to see him
text: FOLLOW, skillfully altering his position to gain on her, coming
text: close. She is looking between him and her altimeter, as...
text: ...his oxygen tank FALLS AWAY, and she CUTS hers loose, the air
text: RUSHING past her, she looks DOWN...
text: ...the lights below are beginning to take the shape of the
text: freighter. Back up to Mac, as he...
text: PULLS his CHUTE, it is black and square, and JOLTS him to what
text: seems like a full STOP far above her, and she YANKS her cord,
dialog: but...
text: ...nothing. It doesn't open. She is ROCKETING down, looking back
text: up to see Mac make an exaggerated CUTTING sign across his body, and
text: she closes her eyes, PULLS her secondary chute, which...
text: POPS open, JARRING her violently, and she GASPS with the shock. He
text: is well above her now, she isoff course, frantically trying to
text: manipulate her trajectory, seeing him swooping closer, the
text: freighter LOOMS in distance, she looks down and suddenly...
text: ...the sea is RUSHING at her, she FIGHTS her braking mechanism,
text: SHOUTING at herself...
speaker_heading: GIN
text: FLARE, FLARE...
text: ...and SLAMS INTO the water, PLUNGING down, twisting, disoriented
text: CUTTING her chute loose, struggling not to get tangled, in a panic
text: to BREAK her light tube, which...
text: ...GLOWS yellow-green, illuminating the freezing depths, she FITS
text: it around her head, fights now to pull out the small ELECTRIC FAN
text: we've seen before, KICKING herself toward the surface, fighting
text: against the weight of her gear pack, she...
text: ...flips the switch, and the fan becomes a PROPELLER which ROCKETS
text: her upward, but she loses her hold on one handgrip, tries
text: desperately to hang on with one hand, but it...
text: ...PULLS FREE, goes SHOOTING off into the blackness without her,
text: one instant of TERROR in her eyes, and...
text: Mac is THERE, diving at her with his propeller, she GRASPS his legs
text: in a death grip, and suddenly, they are...
text: AT the surface, Gin GASPING for air, and he CUTS his propeller,
text: CRADLES her body with one strong arm, murmuring in her ear...
speaker_heading: MAC
text: It's over, it's over...
text: Her eyes are wild.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Catch your breath, quickly.
dialog: Hang on for the wake.
text: She sees the FREIGHTER now, a black mountain CUTTING the sea, a
text: huge WAKE pluming from its bow. She grabs his waist with all
dialog: she's got.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: DO IT! GO!
text: And he KICKS the propeller to LIFE, they ZOOM off, straight AT the
text: towering wake and burst THROUGH it, RACING to the freighter's
text: looming hull, speeding alongside, Mac looking up to find...
text: ...a series of metal RUNGS, which begin twelve feet above the water
text: line, climbing the dizzying height to the freighter's deck, far
text: above. Mac has a Kevlar rope with a GRAPPLING HOOK, and as he
text: reaches the rungs, he...
text: ...THROWS it high, one of the pronged hooks CATCHING on a rung
text: twenty feet above them...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: HOLD TIGHT!
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: IF YOU FUCKING INSIST!
text: And he LETS GO of the propeller, PULLING both of them, laden with
text: gear, OUT of the water with sheer brute strength. PLANTING his
text: feet against the outward curve of the hull, he CLIMBS with all his
text: strength, hand over hand, until he finally...
text: ...GRASPS the bottom rung. He PULLS them up, until she can GRAB
text: ON. They hold tight to their rung for a beat. He attaches them
text: both with metal carabiner clips.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: If I were you, I'd watch
dialog: the desserts.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Boy, I'll bet you were in
dialog: shape before you got old.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Too long ago to remember.
text: And pulls himself up to the second rung, so that he is standing an
text: the first. Offers her his hand...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I can take it from here, thanks.
text: Suit yourself. They begin to climb up the rungs, like a tilted
text: backwards ladder, re-attaching their clips as they go.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: If you'd packed my primary chute
dialog: right, I wouldn't ha...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Yes, you would. You're a girl.
text: Up, up. And stop. They are nearly halfway to the top. Looking
text: across the curved hull to...
text: ...a large circular HATCH. Thirty feet away. The goal. Mac
text: pulls from his pack...
text: ...their SUCTION CUP gear. With practiced speed, they fasten cups
text: to the balls of their feet, take hold of the hand rods with cups
text: attached, and Mac takes the lead as they begin to...
text: ...move LATERALLY across the hull's surface toward the hatch. Mac
text: is amazingly agile at the arduous process, scuttling sideways like
text: a crab across the precariously tilted-back hull. Gin is deter-
text: mined, but falls well behind, intent on making every suction seal
text: solid one. Dark water RACES by beneath her., By the time she looks
text: up at the hatch...
text: He is gone.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Anytime you're ready.
text: She looks UP sharply. He is ABOVE the hatch, attached to the hull
text: by the balls of his feet, hanging down like a bat. Noting her
dialog: astonishment...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Better angle.
text: That it is. He has pulled a thick cylinder from his pack. It's a
text: battery-operated AIR WRENCH, and with a menacing WHIRR, only
text: partially masked by the ship's wake, he begins to swiftly POP all
text: the rivets around the hatch.
text: Gin has pulled out the slender WELDING TOOL we saw in the shower,
text: and begins CUTTING through the metal seals around the hatch's rim.
dialog: At thecrucial moment...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You might want to move aside...
text: Which she BARELY does, as the hatch door PLUMMETS past her to the
text: sea. BIG splash. Gone. When she turns back, Mac is already
text: THROUGH the opening and she follows, their yellow-green headlamps
dialog: partially revealing...
dialog: ...the maximum-security HOLD. We've seen this with Carlsby. The
text: fork lift. The shadowy multitude of PLATFORMS on their gimbals,
text: all SWAYING, in different directions with the plunging of the ship.
text: Gin just stands, staring everywhere, like she's broken into Fort
text: Knox. The ROAR of the engines is louder here, and he moves close
dialog: to her to speak beneath it...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: May I trouble you for the torch?
dialog: Or would you rather just dance.
text: Oh. Slightly embarrassed at her lack of split-second efficiency,
text: she tries to find the thing in her gear. After watching her fumble
dialog: for a bit...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I know I packed it.
text: ...he just reaches in and pulls it out. A small LANTERN which he
text: FLICKS on, brilliantly ILLUMINATING the entire hold. Scans the
text: platforms...polnts to a CRATE wrapped in 4-ply heavy duty plastic
dialog: membrane.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Coal into diamonds. A wealth
dialog: machine.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: How do you know that's it?
dialog: MAC (as if stating the obvious)
text: It's 12 by 9 by 7 feet. And it's
dialog: the only thing worth waterproofing,
text: in case the ship sinks.
speaker_heading: GIN (softly)
dialog: ...you twit.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Hmmn?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I'm just finishing your sentence.
dialog: Can't you answer a question with-
dialog: out making me feel stupid?
text: He's heading toward the swaying platforms...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Why would I bother?
text: He is climbing onto a lower platform, easily vaulting up to the
text: magic crate. She follows, but it isn't as easy as he's made it
text: look. She has to scramble, almost falling. He's already pulled
dialog: from his gear...
text: ...six rubber POUCHES. She hands him her welding tool, and he
text: begins attaching the pouches to the top and sides of the crate.
text: The plunging ship has the platform really rocking.
speaker_heading: GIN (concerned)
dialog: They don't look like flotation
dialog: bags...
dialog: MAC (working fast)
dialog: Shit. Well then, let's forget
dialog: the whole thing.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Okay, it was a dumb ques...
text: His eyes come UP. So fast that her breath stops. He looks plenty
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Let's get one thing straight. I
dialog: don't work with partners much,
dialog: because basically, I find most
dialog: people to be idiots.
text: She swallows. Hard.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You, in contrast, are first-rate.
text: He watches the effect of that play across her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And if I think so. Maybe you
dialog: should start thinking the same.
dialog: Now move your ass.
text: And goes back to work. She pauses a beat. Then pulls out two
text: lengths of Kevlar rope. Begins securing their platform to the one
text: above, to minimize the amount of sway. As she struggles with this,
text: she sees him finish by welding a very small gray BOX to the top of
text: the crate.
text: When he glances up, he sees her staring at the box.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: GPS transponder. Sends a scrambled
dialog: signal by satellite...
text: He touches the device. It BEEPS. A light glows RED.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Precise coordinates. You could
text: find a golf ball in the Gobi Desert.
text: He rises. JUMPS down to the floor.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Where you g...
dialog: MAC (walking away)
dialog: Fork lift.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: That's my assignm...
dialog: MAC (turning back)
dialog: Unless you've got the keys,
dialog: someone has to hot wire it.
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: Finish up on the floaters.
text: And heads off toward the fork lift. Finish up? She looks at
text: the rubber pouches. They seem finished to her. Tugs at a couple.
text: On pretty firmly. Across the way, we HEAR the fork lift turn its
speaker_heading: engine OVER.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Won't they hear it?
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Over these engines? Through five
dialog: feet of steel?
text: She hurriedly secures the last of her Kevlar lines.
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Hell, if they do, they don't have
dialog: the second key to get in.
text: He is driving up in the rickety fork lift. Weaving around crates
dialog: and equipment.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Thank God for redundant security.
text: He hops lightly from the fork lift, reaches up, and she jumps down
text: INTO his arms. Quickly, the switch places, Gin climbing into the
text: idling fork lift, as Mac clambers up to UNBOLT the crate's pallet
text: with his air wrench...
text: Gin moves the fork lift into position. Mac bracing his legs
dialog: against neighboring cargo, using all his strength to hold our
text: crate steady. He is really straining.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: How many tries do I get?
dialog: MAC (with effort)
dialog: One, before I beat you senseless,
dialog: dump you over the side, and donate
dialog: your share to charity.
text: She brings the fork UP. The crate sways slightly. She lines up
text: her prongs against the pallet's receiving holes...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You gotta work on that impatient
dialog: streak.
text: ...and slips them straight IN. First try.
speaker_heading: GIN (amazed)
dialog: How professional.
text: She LIFTS the crate, but the boat LURCHES, and she nearly LOSES it
text: off the fork.
text: But she doesn't. SWINGS her load around now. Heading for the open
text: hatchway, the roiling sea racing by. Picking up SPEED, slightly...
speaker_heading: GIN
text: Uh. Thing on the left is
dialog: the brakes?
speaker_heading: MAC (laconic)
dialog: Or the thing on the right.
text: By now she is really ROLLING toward the wide open spaces...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: MAC, IT'S JAMMED!
text: He POUNCES off the platform, FLYING after the lift as it
text: ACCELERATES THROUGH the opening...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: JUMP, for God's sa...
text: ...TIPPING at the hatchway lip, the crate sliding OFF the prongs,
text: our forklift TUMBLING OUT the hatch to the sea, just as Mac...
text: ...SNATCHES Gin by her HAIR, pulling her FREE of the falling
text: forklift, CATCHING the rim of the hatchway with his free hand, Gin
text: SCREAMING in fright and pain, BLINDLY grabbing his arm to be...
dialog: ...jerked BACK to safety.
text: Clutching Mac, she watches the sea behind them. Where the crate
text: and the forklift disappeared.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You did activate the floaters.
text: Her head WHIPS around. Aghast.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Activa...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I did say, 'Finish up on the
dialog: floaters'. Surely, you heard me.
text: Her life. Flashes before her eyes. As behind the ship...
text: ...the crate BOBS to the surface. We can see the tiny red light on
dialog: the transponder from here.
dialog: MAC (softly)
dialog: Oh. Guess I did it m'self.
text: She WHIPS back, and starts POUNDING at him with her fists. He is
text: laughing so hard, he takes a few good shots before he can GRASP her
text: wrists. She SPITS in his face. He strikes back by...
text: ...kissing her hard. She struggles for a beat.
text: And then she lets him.
text: When they finish, he reaches to UNZIP her jumping suit. All the
text: way. Pulls it down gently, revealing...
text: ...her evening gown. A wrinkle-free material which slips down
text: across her legs from where it had been bunched across her hips.
text: He is unzipping his outfit as well, revealing formal wear of his
text: own. He stuffs the suits into his gear pack, removing only...
text: ...her evening bag and shoes. Then lifting both packs, he...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Um...
text: ...FLINGS them into the black ocean. Gone.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: ...I wouldn't do that.
text: So he turns. She looks really stunned. And scared.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Well...I saw our suction things.
dialog: Lying...over...there?
text: She points. To where no suction things are lying.
speaker_heading: GIN (a mouse)
dialog: ...so I put 'em in my pack?
text: His eyes WIDEN.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Or maybe. I put 'em there.
text: And points. To where they are.
text: She tilts her head. Gives him a great smile. Is he enraged? His
dialog: dry grin says, not hardly.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I like a quick study.
dialog: Then again. You can never tell.
scene_heading: EXT. FREIGHTER DECK - NIGHT
text: Expansive barely-lit deck under a canopy of stars. A silver-haired
text: couple in immaculate evening attire stroll alone, he is humming to
text: barely-audible dance music from a distant lounge. She clings to
text: his arm, it is romantic. Until they reach the railing where he
text: turns, and says something quietly in German...
text: She stiffens. Pulls her arm away from his. She sneers coldly,
text: calls him a name in German, and he UNLOADS on her, a barrage of
text: German-language INVECTIVE that would melt a tank. She absorbs the
text: abuse without flinching, turns toward the rail, HAWKS and...
text: ...SPITS over the side. Strides away from him. He watches her go.
dialog: Then...
text: ...SPITS over the side himself. And follows her.
text: Half a beat.
text: Mac's head APPEARS above the rail. Just where they spit. Not a
text: mark on him.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: Our old German couple are DANCING wonderfully in each other's arms
text: Inspiring. PAN a dozen really old couples dancing to the three-
dialog: piece Filipino ensemble, until we come to...
text: Gin and Mac spinning slowly, flawlessly, their eyes telling the
text: surrounding geezers that they are very much in love. We CLOSE to
dialog: hear their sweet murmurings...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...no matter how many stones we
dialog: make, the diamonds are just an
text: appetizer.
dialog: GIN (dreamily)
dialog: And the meal...?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: My contract. With DeBeers.
text: She blinks. Hit by a ton of bricks.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Oh my G...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Sensible folks, DeBeers. A world
dialog: monopoly in diamonds based on one
dialog: simple principle...something's only
dialog: priceless if it's scarce.
text: He WHIRLS her in a tight spin. The geriatic Germans can only watch
dialog: and envy.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: These guys dig up all the diamonds
dialog: on the planet, just to keep them out
dialog: of circulation. Otherwise, you could
dialog: buy 'em at the Five and Dime...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Watch the old guy stuff, they don't
dialog: have dimestores anym...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Imagine the chaos we could cause.
text: She is imagining.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You said 'contract'...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We're sort of bounty hunters.
text: Gin likes the ring of that. Green eyes dance with delight.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Our machine is worth far more
text: dead. Than alive.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Glad to see you're both alive.
text: They look over. The officious STEWARD from this afternoon. Now in
dialog: black tie.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: When you missed cocktails. And
dialog: supper. I thought of knocking
dialog: on your door...
text: Mac turns Gin so that she can send the boob a lazy smile...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Oh, I wish you had. We love having
dialog: strangers join us! Maybe later...?
text: Mac turns her once more, so that he faces the flummoxed steward
text: across her bare shoulder...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Promise you an interesting time...
dialog: Trademark smile.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Or my name's not Banquo MacDuff.
dialog: You twit.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Our couple moving down the softly-lit hallway, past the burnished
text: doors of luxury suites. Her arms wrapped around one of his, their
text: bodies close together.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...well, I would ask what you're
dialog: doing with the rest of your life.
dialog: But that's your own bloody affair,
dialog: isn't it?
text: She sighs.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Yeh. Anyway, before you get too
dialog: choked up on the farewell. I feel
dialog: I owe you a confession.
text: He glances down. Really? Really.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Time has come to tell you. What
dialog: business. I'm actually in.
dialog: He thinks about this. And then...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Not here.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - NIGHT
text: Mac leads her along the empty moonlit deck to...
text: ...the BOWSPRIT, a long, narrow platform, ringed by a flimsy rail,
text: it juts far out above a churning sea. The whipping of the wind
text: makes it seem all the more precarious.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: It only looks dangerous...
text: Holds out his hand. She hesitates.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You couldn't fall off. Unless
dialog: someone threw you over.
text: Gives her the smile. She puts her hand in his, and they hop
text: UP to the platform. Walk its length to the very end. He turns
text: now, leans casually against the fragile railing. They are inches
dialog: apart.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: More intimate. For a confession.
text: Gin looks down at the plume of wake leaping off the bow.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What business. You are actually.
dialog: In.
text: She looks up. To his eyes. Into them.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Yeh. I'm not an art dealer.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Of course not. You're a cop.
text: And tilts his head. Just to one side.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: An insurance investigator for
dialog: Webber Assurance, your boss is
dialog: an idiot named Hector Cruz, you've
dialog: been there four years and ten
dialog: months, you're quite the rising star.
speaker_heading: GIN (evenly)
dialog: Nope.
text: His head tilts. Just a little farther.
dialog: MAC (very softly)
dialog: Nope?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I'm a thief, Mac.
text: Holds the look.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: For five years, I've used the
dialog: database of every client Webber
dialog: has to plan my jobs. Museums,
dialog: banks, jewelers, rich people, I
dialog: have floor plans, alarm codes,
dialog: passwords, the works.
text: His face absolutely neutral. Unreadable.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I've made a fortune. It's not
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Why n...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Why wasn't it enough for you?
text: He falls silent.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The Vermeer that was stolen from
dialog: Hancock Tower? That was my job.
dialog: I scaled the building with
dialog: electromagnets, and parachuted
dialog: down an air vent...
text: No smile at her lips. Strictly business.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: ...after mailing the painting. To
dialog: where we're going next, actua...
dialog: MAC (quietly)
dialog: We.
text: She looks him up and down.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Yeh, we. You passed the audition.
text: Now he smiles. First time.
dialog: MAC (a murmur)
dialog: Imagine my relief.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I need a partner. For the biggest,
dialog: smartest, job. Ever. The one you
dialog: retire off of, because nothing else
dialog: could ever compare with the rush.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Ever. Is such a long time.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: This is a job that can only be done
dialog: in one place, in one split-second
dialog: in human history. If we miss that
dialog: instant. We lose.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And it's worth...?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Eight billion dollars. That's
dialog: eight thousand million.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: How much in shillings?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You're not a real trusting guy.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And I tried so hard to hide that.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: It's two jobs. The first steals
dialog: something priceless from the National
dialog: Palace Museum in Taipei. We don't
dialog: keep that. We trade it in for our
dialog: ticket to the show.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: One moment in time, you s...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Midnight, July 1, 1997. Eight
dialog: days from now. The moment that
text: Hong Kong is annexed by china.
text: And now. She has his interest. She can see that.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: 80-20 split.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Don't be so hard on yourself. It's
dialog: your plan, you should take at least
dialog: thirty perc...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: My 80, your 20. Asshole.
text: He thinks this over.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: 50-50. Or you can swim to Taipei.
text: She is not impressed. Or afraid. He grins...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What are you gonna do with six
dialog: billion dollars that you can't do
dialog: with four?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Hold the record. Alone.
text: This. He likes. So much that he leans to kiss her, with
text: surprising tenderness.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Your share is 50%. And one dollar.
text: Her hard stare. And then, she smiles. Just barely. Still in his
dialog: arms...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I like what you left. In the hold.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You didn't even see wha...
speaker_heading: GIN
text: A lump of coal. A pair of pliers.
dialog: A note that said, 'Squeeze hard'.
text: This is the most taken with her that he has ever looked. She leans
text: up and kisses him. Whispers...
speaker_heading: GIN
text: Squeeze hard.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, SHIHLIN DISTRICT, TAIPEI - LATE NIGHT
text: Ugly section of an ugly town. Unmarked warehouses, alleyways
text: teeming with food stalls. HEAR a motorcycle approach, and see...
text: ...Gin driving, Mac sits behind her. Going real fast, maybe she's
text: showing off, we FOLLOW them DOWN a blind alley, as she smoothly
dialog: WHEELS them into...
text: ...an open FREIGHT ELEVATOR. She climbs off, he doesn't. As Gin
text: goes to work the controls, Mac sees a cat curled in the corner,
text: mewing softly.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: That's Madame Chiang Kaishek, she's
text: my bud. An evil streak a mile wide.
text: The elevator JOLTS to life.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: No surprise.
text: They CLANG upward. Mac seems utterly relaxed. Gin paces a little,
text: hugging herself. Her features tense.
speaker_heading: MAC (gently)
dialog: Tired?
text: She blinks up. He is straddling the bike. Smiling at her.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I have a lot on my mind.
dialog: Ah. Well...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You look beautiful doing it.
text: He seems to mean that. And it seems to melt her a little. She
text: sags against the wall, closing her eyes, as...
text: ...they JOLT to a stop. She PULLS the heavy LEVER, and the door
text: SLIDES noisily open, to reveal...
text: ...a gigantic LOFT. She flicks on a dim light, but we see only
text: part of the cavernous space. She strolls, Madame Chiang trotting
text: along behind. Mac follows, looking around, then down to see...
text: ...a pile of MAIL, cables, packages. The unopened MAILING TUBE we
text: saw in the Hancock Tower penthouse. He crouches, lifts the tube in
dialog: his hands...
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S.)
dialog: You wanna buy a Vermeer?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Rather steal it.
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S.)
dialog: Been there, done that.
text: He nods to himself. Guess so. He rises to see her framed against
text: the gaping starlit opening of a huge LOADING DOOR. The twinkling
text: island lies below. But here, Gin stares down at...
text: ...an elaborate architectural MODEL. Fifteen feet across, it
text: features an imposing yellow, pagoda-roofed BUILDING, built into
text: the side of a model MOUNTAIN. Formal gardens, fountains, tiny
text: Kuomintang flags. Stretching away from the building, a large
text: portion of the CITY, with shops and alleyways elaborately detailed.
text: As Mac joins her...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: National Palace Museum, Taipei,
dialog: Taiwan. Repository of four
dialog: thousand years of Chinese culture...
text: He bends to lift UP the detachable roof. All the rooms are
text: detailed within, down to exhibit cases.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: Works of gold, bronze, jade, onyx,
text: pots and scrolls, paintings and
text: porcelains and lacquer work. Every
dialog: treasure the Kuomintang could loot
dialog: before the Reds took over.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ever rob the place?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: No. If memory serves.
text: She takes him by the hand, and leads him toward the gaping doorway,
text: walking straight toward it...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You need to eat something, or
dialog: are you ready for sex?
text: And just at the edge of it...
dialog: MAC (torn)
dialog: The options seem so limited.
text: They jump THROUGH the opening. And VANISH.
text: Our ANGLE closes on the doorway, to see OUT now, sitting like a
dialog: jewel against the hillside...
text: ...the NATIONAL PALACE MUSEUM, looking exactly like the model. The
text: town spread out beyond. Just as in the model. And now we TILT
dialog: sharply DOWN to see...
text: ...a loading PLATFORM, suspended above the island, only a few feet
text: below our opening. Like a balcony without a railing. Mac and Gin
text: already sinking down onto a waiting futon.
text: Looks like he's made his pick. Among limited options.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - SUNRISE
text: CLOSE on the MODEL MUSEUM in early light. Propped against it, the
text: unrolled Vermeer. Pinned to the painting, a note we can't read. In
text: the B.G., HEAR what sounds like the rattling of a SUBWAY TRAIN,
text: which runs a short distance and STOPS. We TILT ANGLE now, to
dialog: see...
text: ...through the sunlit opening of the loading door. Mac's head
text: APPEARS, peeking up over the lip.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Ginny...?
text: LOST in another brief subway rumble. He lightly VAULTS up through
text: the doorway. Looks around, no Gin. Goes to the model. Lifts the
dialog: note pinned to the Vermeer...
speaker_heading: MAC (reads)
dialog: This lovely parting gift can be
dialog: yours. If the price is right.
text: Stumped. Not in his cultural database. He looks at the model, to
dialog: see that the stretch of city between museum and mountain has been
text: lifted away, revealing...
text: ...an underground RAILWAY TUNNEL between the two. Mac examines the
text: tiny train, the tracks, the winding route. From the side walls,
text: well above the tracks, huge VENTILATION PIPES open onto the tunnel.
text: Starting at the museum end, they are labeled VENT #1, and so on.
text: There are five. The last one shortly before...
text: ...the mountain. Where a cavernous opening is labeled BARRACKS.
text: Tiny toy soldiers kneel on a landing, rifles in position to shoot
text: at the oncoming train. And as Mac studies this curiously...
text: ...the nearby SUBWAY RATTLES the walls once more. Sounds like it's
text: in the room, somehow. Mac rises. Saunters across the loft, and we
text: see for the first time the enormity of this space. Suddenly, the
text: floor ends, and we are looking down nearly thirty feet onto...
text: ...a spacious HANGAR, outfitted with 150 feet of RAILWAY TRACK, at
text: the far end of which sits a full-sited TRAIN CAR, exactly like the
text: one in the model. And just below us...
text: ...Gin crouches on a concave platform of corrugated metal, eighteen
text: feet above the track. She holds a remote control device, which she
text: uses to REV the train's engine, far down the line. She looks
dialog: really tense.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Good morning.
text: She startles slightly. Shuts OFF the train's engine. As she looks
text: up to him now, the silence is noticeable. He crouches down, only a
text: foot or so above her...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Quite a parting gift. I would
dialog: have settled for roses.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: It's a joke. You know, a joke?
dialog: People who have a sense of humor
dialog: make them?
text: He's clueless. But smiling.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You're rich, go buy an American,
dialog: have him fill you in on the culture.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Ah. American culture. Well,
dialog: that is a joke.
text: He leans down. Strokes her hair very gently.
speaker_heading: MAC (murmurs)
dialog: Relax. It's only eight billion
dialog: dollars.
text: She looks up into his eyes. But she can't smile.
dialog: MAC (softly)
dialog: Your Vermeer? I like this View Of
dialog: Delft better than the larger one.
text: The sky is more emotionally rendered.
text: Staring in his eyes. And just as softly back...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Nice. When a sky is that.
text: He holds the look. Very strong and very gentle...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Is it easier now? Not pretending.
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Not pretending you're an innocent.
dialog: Not pretending you...like me.
text: No answer. Effortlessly, he hops down to join her. Never losing
dialog: eye contact.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Here's a tip from an old-timer.
dialog: Never forget who you are...
text: Settles next to her. Bodies touching.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: It gives you someone to be. When
dialog: you stop pretending.
text: Okay? She nods, slowly. Her eyes moving over his face. Maybe
text: more feelings going through her than she can sort out.
dialog: MAC (still soft)
dialog: So. Our train runs from the museum,
text: through an underground tunnel. To
text: a mountain.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Because the museum displays 10,000
dialog: relics at any given moment. But
dialog: there are 60 times that many, stored
text: in the mountain.
text: This overwhelms. Even Mac.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Which is why it's guarded. By an
dialog: army.
text: She is unfastening the small pack at her feet...
speaker_heading: GIN
text: The train shuttles relics to and
text: from storage. It looks exactly
dialog: like that.
text: So Mac looks down the line. At the train car.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I've been down the air ducts four
dialog: times. The train always has two
dialog: armed guards. Always travels between
dialog: 32 and 36 miles per hour. Relics
dialog: don't like to be jostled too much.
dialog: MAC (all business now)
dialog: Your model has five vents.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: We go down the first. Back up the
dialog: third, if you're lucky. If not, we
dialog: have to get out by the fourth.
speaker_heading: MAC (simply)
dialog: Then we will.
text: She pulls from the pack four thick DISCS, each about eight inches
text: in diameter, each with a toggle switch and a wrist loop. She
text: starts to put two of them on...
speaker_heading: GIN
text: Electromagnets, incredibly powerful.
text: This switch is on-off.
text: He gestures at the train, the track, the hangar...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Seems like overkill. For one
dialog: simple jump.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Well, it's an eight billion
dialog: dollar jump. You miss the
dialog: train...you've missed the train.
text: Flicks ON her remote. Down the track the engine REVS. Like crazy.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: We've got five days to grab the
dialog: Bones, trade them for the Scan, and
dialog: pull our 8 billion out of Hong Kong.
text: Once midnight passes on July 1st...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...we've missed the train, yeh.
dialog: The Bones? The Scan?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Oh. Have I neglected to fill
dialog: in the details?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: An oversight.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Which I learned from the master.
dialog: Hey. Wish me luck...
text: CLICKS the remote, the train LEAP5 forward, 36 MPH never seemed so
text: fast! She has a split-second to LEAP down, the train SAILS beneath
text: her, Gin's feet GRAZE the back end of the platform at the rear of
text: the car, she SWIPES DESPERATELY with the magnets, can't connect,
text: and is THROWN into a ROLL along the side of the tracks.
text: She's UP on her knees, watching the train SLAM into the massive
text: blue PADS at the end of the track. She is bruised, shaken, but
text: most of all, really worried and really pissed.
dialog: MAC (quietly)
dialog: Jump sooner.
text: She pulls out the remote...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Be my fucking guest.
text: The train ROCKETS backward, straight PAST where she kneels, to
text: BRAKE at the start of the track once more. She nods up to Mac,
text: who is strapping on his magnets. He crouches, nods, ready. And
dialog: the train...
text: ...BLASTS toward him, he counts, JUMPS, and SLAMS ONTO the ROOF of
text: the train, which PLOWS into the heavy padding, FLINGING him twenty
text: feet like a rag doll to land in a HEAP.
text: He lies still. Then blinks, surprised he's alive. HEARS a rich
text: whiskey LAUGHTER down the track.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'm too old for this shit!
text: And as he pulls himself up. She is staring at him, from her
dialog: knees...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Know a dude named Wiley Coyote?
dialog: ...with what can only be described as love.
speaker_heading: GIN (softly)
dialog: Forget it.
scene_heading: EXT. NATIONAL PALACE MUSEUM, TAIPEI - DAY
text: AERIAL VIEW down toward the sweeping pagoda roofs of the MUSEUM,
text: the formal gardens, the fountains, the tree-lined driveway. CLOSE
text: now, as a cab pulls up, a couple emerges...
text: She is first. Chanel suit with an extremely short skirt, revealing
text: endless legs. She helps him from the taxi, a white-haired geezer
text: who seems well past 90, fumbling with his walking stick, and making
text: quick, erratic, bird-like glances in every direction.
text: She takes his arm for support. Murmurs in his ear...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Isn't it easier now? Not pretending?
text: Gives him a full-tongue KISS in the ear, which has bystanders
text: noticing. Starts to help him up the stairs, still whispering
dialog: close...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Five years, you won't need
dialog: make-up.
text: In answer he GRABS her ass, and she YELPS with delight, attract-
text: ing attention all around. His turn to whisper, as he massages
dialog: her backside...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We agreed. No underwear.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Overkill. I can do it with legs.
text: He stops. Gives the long legs a dubious twice-over.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'd lose the underwear.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - DAY
text: Mac leaning on her arm, as they pass case after case. Bronzes,
text: jades, lacquer work. Every object exquisite, priceless.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The Oracle Bones date back to the
dialog: Shang Dynasty, 3500 years ago.
text: They are writings...carved into
dialog: ox bones, tortoise shells...
text: She cuddles close to him. They approach a tour group, the female
text: guide speaking in four European languages. Really loud.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The oldest Chinese writing any-
dialog: where, the first proof of Chinese
dialog: civilization.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What makes this one so valuable?
text: He stops, drowned out by the tour guide, rhapsodizing over an urn.
text: Butts into her rap...
dialog: MAC (subtitled Italian)
text: Except it's Chien-lung, mimicking
dialog: Sung Period. The color is far too
dialog: delicate.
text: The woman gets real insulted. Apparently, he's right.
dialog: MAC (subtitled German)
dialog: It's all right, you have a nice
dialog: body.
text: And walks on. Confides to Gin...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: When you're old, you can do
dialog: anything
text: GRABS her bottom once more, altering her voice slightly on...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: There we are.
text: A separate display room. A single steel pedestal. Under the
text: smart-glass security case, one single object. It is a fragile,
text: yellowed fragment of bone. The shoulder blade of an ox. Covered
text: with tiny script.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Last year, ancient artifacts were
dialog: discovered in the Gulf of Mexico.
text: An Olmec civilization, 3200 years old.
text: No tourists in the display room. A velvet rope is up. Three
text: GUARDS mill at the entrance. This exhibit is off-limits.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Amazingly, markings on these
dialog: Olmec figures were identified
dialog: as Shang Dynasty writing...
text: A sign explains, SORROWFUL TO INFORM ORACAL BONE CLOSE FOR TRAVEL
text: EXIBITION UNTIL IS NOVEMBER.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: This particular Bone is price-
dialog: less, because it is the one that
dialog: establishes the link. Proves that
dialog: American civilizations descend from
dialog: Chinese ancestors.
text: She is pulling out her coin purse, as they stand by the rope.
text: Unzipping it slowly...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Exactly the kind of propaganda
dialog: shit they eat up in Beijing. The
dialog: mainland would pay anything to get
text: its paws on th...
text: As her shaking 'elderly' companion SPASMS, knocking the purse OUT
text: of her hand, it CLATTERS to the floor, sending a hundred coins
text: ROLLING in all directions. Some under the rope.
dialog: MAC (old guy voice)
dialog: SHIT! BLOODY HELL!!!
text: And collapses to the hardwood floor in search of the coins, HOWLING
text: as he BANGS his knees. Some bystanders hurry to help. And one of
text: the guards. As Mac tries to crawl under the rope to pursue
dialog: coins...
text: ...the guard STOPS him with a firm hand, pointing at the pidgen-
text: English sign. Meanwhile, calmly, very slowly...
text: ...Gin crouches down to retrieve coins, the short skirt riding
text: recklessly high on her upper thighs. The two remaining guards
text: hurry to help her. Mac's guard, bystanders, all transfixed by the
text: marginal preservation of her modesty. Noticing the eye-lines all
text: around, she confides to the nearest guard...
dialog: GIN (in Mandarin, helpful)
dialog: Those are the coins. These
dialog: are my legs.
text: Unnoticed, Mac is BANGING his wristwatch, which seems to have
text: broken. CLOSE on him now, manipulating a glide point DEVICE on
text: the side of the watch, and we RACK FOCUS to see...
dialog: ...one coin. Inside the rope. Move.
text: As Mac checks to see all eyes are elsewhere, he guides the coin's
text: slide slowly, inexorably, to...
text: ...ATTACH itself magnetically. To the steel pedestal. Beneath the
text: Bone's case. As it does, Mac's watch BEEPS slightly, as we CLOSE
dialog: on it to see...
text: ...DATA flickering across its face.
dialog: MAC (old guy voice)
dialog: Amanda! Time for my pills!
scene_heading: INT. NOODLE SHOP, TAIPEI - DAY
text: Gin and Mac at a long communal table, ignored, by Taiwanese couples,
text: families, businessmen, chattering loudly all around them. Gin
text: looking down at her bowl, she's barely touched her meal...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: ...no, I don't think that way.
text: Glances up. Mac is eating heartily, happily.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: ...and I suppose you do?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Get lonely? Sure, all the time.
dialog: It's healthy.
text: Stuffs his mouth full. Talking around it...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What's unhealthy. Is denial.
text: She's studying him as he eats. Since he's not looking at her,
text: Gin's eyes are thoughtful, appraising.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Be real. you could never see
dialog: yourself...you know, quitting the
text: game. Settling...down.
text: And he looks up. Direct to her eyes. A dead straight, heart-
text: stopping look. Before the wonderful smile.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Why, Ginger. This is so sudden.
text: She cuts him a hard look. Not funny.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - DAY
text: Late afternoon, the place has closed. Four armed GUARDS,
text: accompanied by a museum OFFICIAL, push a large DOLLY across the
text: hardwood floor, heels clicking, wheels rumbling softly, into...
text: ...the room we've seen. The dolly stops by the display case of the
text: priceless oracle Bone. The four guards position themselves around
text: the triple-paned bulletproof case. It will be a bitch to lift.
text: The official has a key. He inserts this into the lock of the
text: titanium frame which holds the case to the steel pedestal. And
dialog: as it CLICKS, we...
text: SMASH CUT TO...
scene_heading: INT. NOODLE SHOP - DAY
text: Mac's arm rising with noodle-laden chopsticks, the wristwatch
text: BEEPING softly. He drops the chopsticks, rising in one fluid
text: motion as Gin does the same, throwing some bills on the table,
text: he leads her...
text: ...OUT the door, INTO the street, step OFF the curb, turn, DROP
text: flat on his back, SLIDE DOWN the gutter, Gin following a split-
dialog: second behind...
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL LOADING DOCK
text: A train car stands, pulled up to a loading dock. Two SOLDIERS with
text: assault rifles on the train's rear platform, waiting. Along one
text: side of the tracks, a gravel roadway. An open air Jeep-type
text: military vehicle stands empty. One of our soldiers speaks into a
text: walkie-talkie, watching a huge steel DOOR at the entrance to the
dialog: loading dock, which...
text: ...OPENS now. Through it come the four armed museum guards,
text: surrounding the dolly which carries the Bone's massive bulletproof
text: display case. The official is with them, and hands paperwork to
text: one of the waiting soldiers, as the museum guards LIFT the case,
text: and carry it onto the train.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SHAFT
text: An empty stretch of dimly-lit track, somewhere down the line.
dialog: Silent. PAN up, way up, to...
text: ...the shadows of a huge air vent. Must be vent #1, because two
text: FIGURES are crouched there, as close as lovers. Even we can barely
text: make them out, until we CLOSE to hear the hushed...
dialog: GIN (strapping on a backpack)
dialog: ...way we can use those in here.
dialog: I thought I was in charge of
dialog: this operat...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You're in charge of ego and worrying.
dialog: I'm in charge of keeping you alive.
text: He is holding something dull gray and small. It looks like a trun-
text: cated nerf football with one end pointed and the other cut blunt.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: These are plasma jet. All the
text: force is directed forward, instead
text: of dissipating in a sphere like a
dialog: grenade.
text: He has four of these. Gives her three.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I don't need th...
dialog: MAC (whispers)
dialog: Shut up.
text: He reaches out, gently...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You don't trust me, you won't get
dialog: through this.
text: Touches her face.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Try to adjust to that for three
dialog: more days. After July 1...
text: Stares in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...you'll never have to trust again.
text: And smiles. One more whisper...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Something. To look forward to.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL LOADING DOCK
text: The museum guards are back on the landing with the official. Our
text: two soldiers stand facing them from the rear platform of the train
dialog: car, as...
text: The train RUMBLES to life. Ready to go.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM
text: Two guards arrive with a hand truck to carry off the empty
text: pedestal, which once supported the Bone's case. One tilts the top
text: of the pedestal back, supporting its weight, as the other stoops to
dialog: lift the base, and...
text: ...stops. He sees the coin. Oddly flat against the pedestal's
text: shaft. He kneels, tries to lift the coin, but the magnet HOLDS it
text: fast. He looks up to his companion. Then...
text: ...PEELS the coin free, the other guard reaches for it, the first
text: guard YANKS it away, and it FLIES from his hand, INTO the wall, and
text: drops. As the guards go to look, the coin's back has come away.
dialog: Revealing...
dialog: ...electronics.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL LOADING DOCK
text: An ALARM SHRIEKS at a deafening level. Five museum GUARDS BURST
text: through the doorway, LEAP from the landing, pile into the Jeep, and
text: BLAST OFF down the gravel roadway after the departed train.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS ENTRANCE
text: A much larger landing at the other end of the tunnel, facing back
text: the opposite way. The ALARM SCREAMS here, too, and massive steel
text: doors CLANG open, as 25 SOLDIERS with assault rifles SWARM out onto
text: the landing, taking up sharpshooter positions, weapons pointing
text: back up the track.
scene_heading: INT. AIR VENT #1
text: Mac and Gin crouched in the vent, high above the track, gas masks
text: dangle around their necks, magnet paddles from their wrists,
text: various objects from their belt loops. The alarm ECHOES,
text: absolutely EAR-SPLITTING. She leans to shout in his ear...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: WE HAVE TO ABORT!
text: Above the siren, we can now hear the TRAIN coming...
speaker_heading: MAC
text: HOW DO YOU EXPECT TO MAKE A CAREER
dialog: OF THIS, IF YOU CAN'T TAKE A LITTLE
speaker_heading: INCONVENIENCE?
text: The train LOUDER, closer, the alarm BLARING...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: THEY'VE GOT AN ARMY DOWN TH...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I can do this.
text: Quietly. Straight in her eyes. The train ROARS into view, FLASHES
text: beneath them, as he GRABS her wrist and...
text: ...JUMPS, HURTLING DOWN, both STRIKING the empty rear platform,
text: Gin slipping off, but he HOLDS her fast, SWIPING with his magnet
dialog: which...
text: ...CLANKS hard, LOCKS solid. He PULLS her onto the platform,
text: she looks dazed, clinging to him, he tugs her gas mask into place,
text: slips on his own, and...
text: ...FITS a magnetic DEVICE from his belt loop ONTO the door
text: lock, SPINS a dial on the device, which POPS the lack OPEN,
text: Mac BURSTING...
text: ...THROUGH the door, lobbing a GAS GRENADE at the startled guards,
text: who try to whirl and FIRE through the fog of red smoke, two wild
text: SHOTS above the rolling Mac, and they are felled by the gas where
text: they stand. Gin races in, falling on her butt, as the car ROCKS
text: along the track. Points OUT the window...
speaker_heading: GIN (through mask)
scene_heading: THERE'S THE NUMBER TWO VENT, ONLY
text: 45 SECONDS TO THE THIRD!
text: Scrambling to her feet, Mac wheeling toward the Bone.
speaker_heading: GIN (through mask)
dialog: TEST THE CASE!
text: He THROWS a handful of coins at the glass case, and purple UV BEAMS
text: ARC from the glass to FRY the coins in midair. Mac pulls a dull
text: rectangle the size of a cigar box from Gin's backpack, as we
text: SMASH CUT to...
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL
text: The Jeep BLASTING after the train at crazy speed, the four non-
text: drivers with weapons at the ready...
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS LANDING
text: TROOPS FILL the platform, and have spilled onto the tracks, enough
text: weapons to dust Butch and Sundance.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN
text: Mac operating the cigar box which is actually a customized
text: OSCILLOSCOPE, with countless KNOBS and a SCREEN which displays
text: WAVE PATTERNS. The machine is emitting SHRILL whistling TONES
text: that cut through even the siren.
speaker_heading: GIN (through mask)
dialog: TAKE IT TO 30 AND CLIMB!
text: Mac SPINS the dials and two overhead light bulbs BLOW. The glass
text: case housing a fire ax SHATTERS. The Bone's case is untouched.
text: SMASH CUT to...
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL
text: WITH the Jeep, BOMBING around a curve to SEE the train at last. WE
text: OPEN FIRE, accelerating after the train with everything we've got,
text: gravel FLYING like shrapnel, and up ahead...
text: ...the train's windows BLOW OUT, the tunnel SHOWERED with glass
text: fragments. SMASH CUT...
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN
text: Mac JUICING the box, the deafening TONE competing with the sirens,
text: the gunshots, Gin SHRIEKING as she points through a blasted-out
dialog: window...
speaker_heading: GIN (through mask)
dialog: THIRD VENT GONE!
text: And the Bone's case EXPLODES, Gin WHIRLING away to protect her
text: face, as we SMASH CUT to...
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL
text: The Jeep now ALONGSIDE the rear platform of the train. The driver
text: fighting to hold it steady, as...
text: ...the guards begin to CLAMBER over the side, GRASPING for the
text: platform's rails, one goes DOWN screaming onto the tracks, but two
text: MAKE IT, then a third, they BURST...
dialog: ...INTO the train to see...
text: Nothing. Two groggy, half-conscious soldiers. Discarded gas
text: masks, oscilloscope. No Mac. No Gin. And inside the shattered
dialog: case...
text: A chicken bone. The pack-rat strikes again.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL
text: Mac and Gin FLATTENED to the side of the train above the window
text: line, held fast by their magnets. We are on the opposite side from
text: the gravel path, so the train screens us from the jeep. SHOUTING
dialog: above the din...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: THERE'S THE FOURTH!
text: Up ahead an AIR VENT looms, we are HURTLING toward it. Mac and Gin
text: each free one hand, reach into their backpacks for...
speaker_heading: GIN
text: OUR LAST CHANCE, THE FIFTH IS
text: AT THE BARRACKS!
text: ...twin GRAPNEL GUNS, which look like big 9mm pistols, but with a
text: blunt, round end. As we STREAK toward the VENT, Gin lifts her gun,
text: SHOOTS at it, a cable-attached PROJECTILE EXPLODING toward the
text: target, OPENING in mid-flight to a three-pronged HOOK, which...
text: ...FALLS just SHORT, the hook tumbling to CLANG on the tracks, as
dialog: Mac...
text: ...FIRES his, the projectile EXPLODING, the hook OPENING and...
text: ...BITES into the wall, only four feet from the vent, its cable
text: stretching back to the gun in Mac's hand, we're almost there, and
text: Mac slips the pistol...
text: ...INTO Gin's free hand.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: WHAT ABOUT YOU?
speaker_heading: MAC
text: ALLOW US A MOMENT OF CHIVALRY.
text: Their eyes meet. He sees her hesitate to abandon him.
speaker_heading: MAC
scene_heading: FIRST RULE. SAVE NUMBER ONE.
text: They FLASH PAST the vent, Mac RELEASES her magnet, Gin's freed hand
text: GRASPING to join the other at the pistol, as she...
text: ...ROCKETS up, CATAPULTED back toward the vent by the retractable
text: cable, as a RIFLE APPEARS from a window beneath us, taking aim at
dialog: Gin, and Mac...
text: KICKS it off line, the shot BOOMING, the guard almost dropping
text: the weapon, then SWINGING it back UP, slamming the muzzle directly
text: INTO Mac's GROIN, as Mac...
text: ...GRASPS the barrel, YANKING it up, SLIPS the shot SCREAMING past
text: his head, PULLING the guard half out the window to KICK his face,
text: sending him DOWN to the tracks, as we CAREEN around a curve, seeing
dialog: in distance now...
text: ...the END of the line, the massive BARRACKS LANDING, the phalanx
text: of TROOPS, the fifth and final AIR VENT midway between us. Mac's
text: free hand pulls out...
dialog: ...the lone PLASMA GRENADE he kept for himself, and as we CAREEN
text: toward the troops, Mac HEAVES the grenade uptrack, and it...
text: ...EXPLODES in a horrifying FIREBALL, which RIPS UP the train
text: tracks, COLLAPSING a section of tunnel wall ONTO the gravel path, a
text: choking CLOUD of yellow SMOKE filling the tunnel, obscuring
dialog: everything, our train ROCKETING...
text: ...TOWARD the flames, nearly AT the metal SUPPORT BEAM which runs
text: vertically up to the final air vent, and as the train FLASHES PAST
dialog: it, Mac...
text: LUNGES out, SLAMMING both magnets ONTO the support beam, the
text: momentum FLATTENING his body fully horizontal like a flag on a
text: pole, the train PLUNGING ON without him, as guards shoot blindly
text: back from the windows, the jeep PLOWING full tilt INTO the rubble
dialog: of tunnel wall, the train...
text: ...DERAILING in a terrifying CRUSH of twisted metal, screams,
text: shouts, the smoke and flame everywhere, and we SNAP TO...
text: REVERSE ANGLE...the soldiers' POV from the landing, SCATTERING as
text: the derailed train HURTLES AT them, INTO them, chaos, until at last
dialog: they see...
text: ...above the clearing smoke, near the tunnel ceiling...
text: ...Mac CLIMBING deftly up the support beam, magnets CLANKING, hand
text: over hand, nearly at the vent, and the shouting troops...
text: ...OPEN FIRE, bullets CHEWING UP the tunnel wall, as we SMASH CUT
dialog: TO...
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM - DAY
text: Silence. Cluttered, dimly-lit storage room. Boxes of SHOES reach
text: to the ceiling, Gucci, Bruno Magli, the good stuff. Footsteps
dialog: precede...
text: ...a young SALESMAN, tailored, attractive. He goes right to the
text: shelf he needs. Opens a box. Takes it and two others. As his
text: steps recede, we PAN UP to...
text: ...the ceiling. The mesh grating, which soundlessly...
text: ...slides away. Gin DROPS lightly, twelve feet to the floor.
text: Filthy from her adventure, she quickly unzips her backpack to
dialog: remove...
text: ...a sleek Halliburton case. Opens it. The Oracle Bone undamaged
text: in its cushioned setting. Steps returning, she is...
text: ...OUT of her jumpsuit in a heartbeat, revealing a costly slip of a
text: dress, kicks the jump suit under the bottom shelf, as...
text: ...the young salesman APPEARS to find her peeking into a shoe box.
text: He is startled. She scowls at him, rubbing the grime from her
dialog: face...
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: There you are! Do you know how
dialog: filthy this place is?
text: Shows her dirty fingers as proof.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: Madam, no one is supp...
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: I'm looking for dress pumps, I'll
dialog: need eight pairs.
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: Unless you're too busy to help me.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: Well, no, I...
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: Come to think of it, I need some
dialog: dresses for evening...
text: Lifts the Halliburton case, slings her pack over her shoulder,
text: strides to the doorway. See the crowded upscale boutique...
speaker_heading: GIN (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: Are you coming?
text: Out she goes. And he follows. Maybe he's on commission.
scene_heading: INT. VENT - DAY
text: Mac, very much alive, somewhat the worse for wear, crawling through
text: a darkened pipe on his belly, toward...
text: ...a grating. Light filters through. Reaching the screen, he
text: squints through it. Can't see shit. Listens. Nothing that rises
text: above an ambient wooshing of air in the duct. He grasps the wires,
dialog: pushes, and...
text: ...FALLS straight THROUGH, tumbling ten feet to CRASH LAND in a
text: heap. HEAR feminine SCREAMS before we look up to...
text: ...three young WOMEN trying on lingerie, being attended by an older
text: SALESWOMAN. The girls are half-naked and as Mac rises, one THROWS
text: a red lace TEDDY in his face. He peels it off, and still holding
text: the garment, calmly tells the saleswoman...
dialog: MAC (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: It's all right, the security cameras
text: behind the mirrors are working again.
text: At which the customers SHRIEK, cover themselves all the more, and
text: begin screaming at the poor saleswoman. During which...
dialog: MAC (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: Well. If everything is in order...
text: All four women. Look at him.
scene_heading: EXT. LINGERIE SHOP, SHIN KONG MALL - SUNSET
text: CLOSE on an entrance, just as Mac comes...
text: ...FLYING THROUGH, propelled by two sizeable SECURITY GUARDS, once
text: again landing in pieces. It's a long day. As Mac clears his head,
text: they stand at the doorway with folded arms. Hoping he wants some
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: WHAT KIND OF A COUNTRY IS THIS? IN
scene_heading: BRITAIN, A MAN CAN TRY ON LINGERIE
text: WITHOUT COMPROMISING HIS DIGNITY!
text: The bruisers look at each other. No habla Espanol.
scene_heading: EXT. KAOHSHING HARBOR, TAIWAN - DUSK
text: A super TUGBOAT, engines RUMBLING, ready to pull out. A woman
text: paces the deck. Every time we see her, she seems more tightly
text: wrapped. At last...
text: ...here he comes, stepping briskly from the taxi, striding up the
text: gangway, pulling from inside his coat...
text: ...the red lace teddy. He drapes it over her face, and she pulls
text: it away, steps into his arms...
text: ...her kiss is urgent. Real. HOLD on the look in her eyes. What
dialog: is she thinking?
text: He strokes her hair, gently. Then, goes to look into the
text: Halliburton case, which stands by the rail. As he crouches. As he
text: looks at the Bone...
text: She is watching him. An intensity to her gaze. More feeling than
dialog: she is comfortable with, which...
text: ...disappears completely, as he turns to her. And when he mimes
text: FLINGING the case into the sea...
text: She laughs.
scene_heading: EXT. STATUE SQUARE, HONG KONG - DAY
text: CLOSE on a British Petroleum BILLBOARD with a huge DIGITAL CLOCK,
scene_heading: counting down by seconds...JUNE 29, 1997, 11:32 A.M. - 1 DAY, 12
scene_heading: HOURS, 27 MINUTES, 48 SECONDS TO: REUNION WITH CHINA!
text: PAN to an AERIAL VIEW of...
text: Hong Kong's bustling STATUE SQUARE, the hub of countless feeder
text: streets and alleyways, as we ROAM to a SERIES OF SHOTS...
text: ...billboards everywhere. Western businesses that announce WE'LL
text: STILL BE HERE FOR YOU. Others, primarily British, sending
dialog: farewells, gratitude for past patronage. China-sponsored
text: depictions of happy Hong Kong and Chinese citizens, proclaim ONE
scene_heading: COUNTRY, TWO SYSTEMS.
text: ...moving vans, people pushing carts of belongings, shop signs
text: advertising blowout inventory clearance sales. Traffic beyond
text: gridlock. The human ant colony.
text: ...incredibly long queues in front of post offices, American
text: Express, the imposing glass and steel skyscraper called the HONG
text: KONG AND SHANGHAI BANK BUILDING.
text: ...large groups of uniformed CHINESE SOLDIERS in the streets. More
text: orderly DEMONSTRATION by anti-China PROTESTERS, their signs say
text: MORE DEMOCRACY and FREE HONG KONG, their numbers watched by Chinese
text: soldiers, who in turn are watched by British soldiers.
text: CLOSE on the square now. A couple at a sidewalk vendor. Mac is
text: purchasing a t-shirt. Gin dutifully lifts her arms, and Mac slips
text: the garment over her head. It says CHINA GOT HONG KONG, AND ALL I
text: GOT WAS THIS LOUSY T-SHIRT.
text: He regards her thoughtfully, and she turns, modeling for him as if
text: wearing a Givenchy original. He approves, lifts the Halliburton
text: case, and they move on, strolling, chatting until Mac...
text: ...bumps HARD into a Chinese SOLDIER, both men REELING with the
text: impact. The soldier carries an identical HALLIBURTON CASE, and the
text: two men set their cases down side by side, as Mac steps forward...
dialog: MAC (subtitled Mandarin)
text: FUCKING HELL! WATCH WHERE
dialog: YOU'RE GOING, MAN!
text: No one notices, no one cares. Gin tugs on Mac's arm, don't get
text: involved, dear. Mac reluctantly steps back. The soldier glares at
text: him. Then, bends and picks up...
text: ...Mac's case. A parting epithet in Mandarin, and the soldier
text: starts off. Watching him, Mac unobtrusively fingers a concealed...
text: ...PISTOL, ready for action. But keeps watching, as within a few
dialog: yards, the soldier...
text: ...stops. Opens the case. Checks out the Oracle Bone, right there
text: in the middle of the square. Mac and Gin watching across the
text: distance, with hair-trigger keenness. At last the soldier CLOSES
dialog: the case...
text: ...walks back to us.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: I believe I took your case.
text: Handing it to Mac, he leans forward, and in low, aecented
dialog: English...
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
text: 21 Old Peak Road. In 45 minutes.
text: Picks up his own case. And is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION, VICTORIA PEAK - DAY
text: A vintage Aston Martin pulls up to a spectacular gated MANSION.
text: Sparkling white, it is a blend of Edwardian and Regency. Gin is
text: driving, speaks into the voice box, and the gate swings open. As
text: they pull up the crushed rock driveway...
text: ...a BUTLER appears, as British as the architecture. Climbing from
text: the car, Mac has the Halliburton case.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Will you please come this way?
text: And leads them around the side of the house. They walk slowly, a
text: distance behind the butler, taking everything in.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I like this.
text: His voice is strong, calm. No hint of a smile.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You like wha...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Not being told what the fuck
dialog: we're doing.
text: She looks equally serious. Just more tense.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You're on a 'need to know' basis.
dialog: You'll get each step in time to
dialog: execute, I thought you agreed to
dialog: those condit...
dialog: MAC (quietly)
dialog: I like your not trusting me.
dialog: Because it frees me to do
dialog: the same.
text: They come upon the spacious GROUNDS behind the mansion. A
text: breathtaking view down the slope of Victoria Peak to Hong Kong and
text: the harbor. Kowloon across the water.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I trust you. I only need to...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...remain in control.
text: They pass a towering row of perfect ROSEBUSHES. Mac SNAPS OFF a
text: giant blossom.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Which is a sign of weakness.
text: And hands it to her. Their eyes meet.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I like that, too.
text: At the edge of the garden, above the commanding view, a luncheon
text: TABLE has been set. Spread with delcacies. Two SERVANTS attend,
dialog: also British.
text: Only the host is seated. He does not rise.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Colonel
text: Col. Qiu glances up from his meal. Green PLA uniform, absurdly
text: decorated, wraparound Gautier sunglasses. We recognize him as the
text: man who took Gin's call in his Mercedes in Tienanmen Square. The
dialog: man who accompanied the poor Minister of Finance to the ophthal-
dialog: mologist.
speaker_heading: QIU
dialog: You look lovely, Ginger. Is
dialog: the rose for me?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Of course.
text: And leans prettily. To fasten it in the buttonhole of his lapel.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Col. Qiu Lai Chuen, this is
dialog: Andrew MacDougal.
text: Hearing his real name, Mac cuts her a look.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Real names here, darling. The
dialog: Colonel and I have every incentive
dialog: to keep each other's secrets.
text: And she sits. Close to Qiu. Mac looks around at the property,
dialog: the view.
speaker_heading: QIU
dialog: Like the place, Andy?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Please. Mr. MacDougal will do.
text: The Colonel smiles. First time. Like an alligator. Mac notices
dialog: that the tablecloth is actually...
text: ...a Union Jack. He fingers the flag.
speaker_heading: QIU
dialog: This way. Doesn't matter if we
dialog: spill.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: My sentiments exactly.
text: He sits.
speaker_heading: QIU
dialog: This place was a gift. From
dialog: its former owner. A Brit whose
dialog: business will now happily continue
dialog: to function. Perhaps...even expand.
dialog: MAC (spreading his napkin)
dialog: Planning to spend much time here?
speaker_heading: QIU
dialog: Tho it has required many sacrifices.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The Colonel has divorced his
dialog: wife. To facilitate the necessary
dialog: entertaining of Western women.
speaker_heading: QIU
dialog: Tho some are more entertaining
dialog: than others.
text: And runs the back of his knuckles up the length of Gin's bare arm.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Colonel. You are touching the woman
dialog: I love...
dialog: Which brings Qiu's eyes over. Really?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: From time to time.
text: And pulls up the Halliburton case. Handing it across the table.
text: As Qiu takes the case in his lap, opens it...
speaker_heading: QIU
dialog: You're a Scot. Would you like
dialog: some 25-year-old Macallan?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Sure, I'll take a case.
text: Qiu glances across the lawn to the butler, who stands behind the
text: bar trolley. As the drinks are prepared, the Colonel studies the
dialog: Bone.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The Colonel told his Minister
dialog: of Culture that he could mount
dialog: a surgical raid to liberate this
dialog: treasure from Taiwan.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Ah. How much was the Minister
dialog: told the raid would cost?
speaker_heading: QIU (not looking up)
dialog: Counting equipment, personnel,
dialog: bribes, an even fifty million
dialog: American. All in.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Which you can now keep.
text: The drinks arrive.
speaker_heading: QIU
dialog: He would have paid twice that.
dialog: But my needs are modest.
text: And lifts from beneath the table, a leather POUCH.
speaker_heading: QIU
dialog: Unlike. The woman you love.
dialog: From time to time.
text: Drops it into Gin's lap. She opens the pouch to reveal...
dialog: ...goggles. Like one would wear in a tanning salon. Only these
text: are flesh-colored with one small hole in the center of each lens.
text: Slightly larger than the size of a pupil.
text: She slips them on. A bright smile.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: How do I look, honey?
text: And Mac smiles. In return.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: Like a woman. Of mystery.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE, PENINSULA HOTEL - LATE NIGHT
text: Glass doors open WIDE to a terrace which overlooks Kowloon, the
text: harbor, Hong Kong Island beyond. More lights than stars in heaven.
dialog: And speaking of heaven...
text: ...the SOUNDS of lovemaking are fierce, feral, an urgent rhythm,
dialog: part comic, part wondrous, and mostly, arousing enough to make us
speaker_heading: PAN TO...
text: ...lovemaking in silhouette. This is the lovemaking of tigers,
text: mesmerizing to watch, ferocious enough to inspire envy, and
dialog: somehow...
dialog: ...tender enough. To suggest real love.
text: LATER...Mac and Gin sit before the open terrace. There is wine and
text: food and abandoned clothing all around them. She has her pack
text: drawn near. And Qiu's leather pouch. She removes the goggles...
dialog: This is the moment.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: In the Hong Kong and Shanghai
text: Bank Building. Is a room with
dialog: two computers. One for you.
dialog: And one for me.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Glad I have a function, here.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: The room is a vault on the 14th
dialog: floor. Access codes to that room
dialog: are changed daily, computer pass-
dialog: words on the hour, but...
text: But. She is electric, more alive than he's ever seen her.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Four men in the world. Don't need
dialog: codes. Their retinas will scan to
dialog: unlock everything. One of these is
dialog: China's Minister of Finance.
text: She lifts the goggles...
speaker_heading: MAC
text: And his retinal plate is in there.
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Our trade for the great train
dialog: robbery. All right, let's say
dialog: we're in the door. Now what?
text: From her pack, she pulls a slender black rectangle. Opens it to
text: reveal a shiny metallic DISC.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Hong Kong has a huge portion of its
dialog: holdings invested in foreign banks.
dialog: In hundreds of separate accounts...
text: Holds up the metallic disc.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: This CD ROM is programmed to send,
text: instantaneously, thousands of instruc-
dialog: tions, with all necessary confirmation
dialog: codes, to transfer reasonably modest
dialog: sums out of those accounts....
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Modest.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Two or three million at a crack,
dialog: in odd numbers. Total, eight
dialog: billion. And change.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And you've set up a laundry.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Every wire transfer gets rocketed
text: through a series of multiple switches,
dialog: Austria, Uruguay, Antigua, The Channel
dialog: Islands, the Caymans...
dialog: MAC (quietly)
dialog: Seychelles?
speaker_heading: GIN (beat)
dialog: I left that out.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You're forgiven.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Thank you. As soon as each deposit
text: lands somewhere, it's shot somewhere
dialog: else, til the Mafia couldn't find it.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: But those first instructions,
dialog: transferring the 8 billion dollars.
text: They're recorded in the main computer.
text: She waggles the disc.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: Nope. The CD instructs the computer
dialog: to erase the real transactions.
dialog: And replace them in its memory
text: with an innocuous loan coded XJ6.
text: Little homage to Limeyland, there.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Dearest. The accounts won't
dialog: reconcile.
text: She waggles the disc. Again.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: Wrong. The CD instructs the computer
dialog: to over-report all account totals
dialog: forever, in the exact amounts we've
dialog: lifted. So the Chinese think the
dialog: money's still there.
text: On this one. He has to smile.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: The money. Is still. Missing.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Sure, the foreign banks know
dialog: they sent out some money. But
dialog: they think Hong Kong knows it,
dialog: too. And since we're leaving
dialog: plenty in every account...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: The shit doesn't splatter. Until
text: the first account runs dry.
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: And then. Comes the really
dialog: brilliant part of the whole
dialog: thing!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I was hoping there'd be one.
text: He settles back. Looks at her.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Admit it, so far you're
text: blown away.
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: It does sound like the beginning
dialog: of a beautiful friendship.
text: And his fingers reach out...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Pity it will be over. In
dialog: 21 hours.
text: Touch her hair. Her face. She swallows. A raw moment. A
dialog: hoarse...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Bet you say that. To all the
dialog: one-night-stands.
text: But he's just staring in her eyes. The look pins her. She can't
text: wriggle off. A murmured...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: No, ma'am...
text: He leans to her...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Only the best of them.
text: They kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. STATUE SQUARE - ROUND MIDNIGHT
text: CLOSE on the British Petroleum billboard, where the countdown CLOCK
scene_heading: says...JUNE 30, 1997, 11:41 P.M., 0 DAYS, 0 HOURS, 18 MINUTES, 51
text: SECONDS TO: REUNION WITH CHINA!
text: The square is beyond BEDLAM. Times Square looks deserted New
dialog: Year's Eve compared to this carnival CRUSH of humanity, rock and
text: rolling as if reunion with China was the doorway to Paradise.
text: Singing, chanting, screaming, dancing, music and booze everywhere,
text: firecrackers exploding, soldiers and civilians, tycoons and
text: hookers, tourists and peddlers and Party members and homeless,
dialog: going absolutely nuts.
dialog: Who knows. Could be the last party. Ever.
text: WHIP PAN to the crowded plaza in front of the towering glass-and-
text: steel headquarters of the HONG KONG AND SHANGHAI BANK.
text: ZOOM to focus on our smashing couple in evening wear, Gin with a
text: large beaded shoulder bag. Mac presents an invitation to a PLA
text: soldier, who admits them into...
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY, HONG KONG AND SHANGHAI BANK
text: ...a VIP party going full blast in the lobby of this truly
text: breathtaking structure. A central ATRIUM rises 47 floors, creating
text: a soaring clear core, around which the offices and working spaces
text: are ringed. The view straight up is interrupted only at three
text: well-spaced levels, where thick CANOPIES of glass, stitched
text: together with spidery skeletons of steel, SPAN the open core.
text: Mac looks up...
text: ...at the balcony railings surrounding the atrium, the revelers
dialog: have been granted access to the lower five floors. Above these,
text: all is empty.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Nice of the Colonel to provide an
dialog: invitation...
text: She is guiding him toward one of the multiple hors d'oeuvre
text: stations. Half the celebrants seem to be armed PLA soldiers, many
text: with rifles slung boldly across their shoulders.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Well, I promised him a bonus.
dialog: Five million. Comes out of
dialog: your share.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...long as I don't have to have
dialog: sex with him.
text: Mac loads up on six hors d'oeuvres, piling them on a napkin, as
text: she takes two flutes of champagne. They step away from the mob
text: toward a potted plant near the wall, and Mac...
text: ...drops his snacks with a SPLAT. Shit. Bending to clean the
text: mess, he slips from his waistband a flat CIRCUIT BOARD with a
text: bank logo and a three-pronged plug. In a single motion, he plugs
text: it INTO a socket concealed by the pot, scoops up his canapes,
dialog: and we CUT TO...
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE ROOM
text: Three SECURITY OFFICERS blink, as ALL FIFTY monitor screens go
text: HAYWIRE at once. The images compressed to a blur of lines between
text: a series of diagonal SLACK BARS that slash across the screens. The
dialog: way your TV acts when the horizontal hold goes out. They can't
dialog: believe it.
text: Stumped, they start slamming buttons, flipping switches, jabbering
text: to each other. Now the images begin to ROLL vertically, as if in
dialog: response to their attempts at adjustment.
dialog: Welcome to the world of high tech.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR BANK
text: Mac and Gin wait with a party of older Brits, who've had plenty
text: to drink and are carrying more. Two armed soldiers flank the
text: elevators. A car arrives. As the Brits enter...
speaker_heading: MAC (politely)
dialog: We'll take the next one.
text: Waiting, calmly. Mac smiles at a soldier.
dialog: MAC (subtitled Mandarin)
dialog: What time tomorrow do the tanks
dialog: roll in?
text: The guy LAUGHS. An elevator arrives. Gin sipping champagne as
text: they enter.
text: The doors CLOSE. They are alone. The panel has floors 1 through
text: 5 lit. The other numbers, 6-10 and 16-47, are dark. There are NO
dialog: numbers 11-15.
text: Mac pulls from his pocket a small flat DEVICE, not much thicker
text: than a credit card, with a window and a series of LED lights
text: on its face. He fits it into a SLOT beside a black glass PLATE
text: on the elevator panel. Immediately, the LEDs scramble, all RED,
text: numbers FLASH across the card's window, as the device begins
text: to lock on the elevator code. In sequence, the LEDs turn GREEN,
dialog: and...
text: ...the glass plate LIGHTS, announcing in Kanji and English...ACCES
text: GRANTED TO FLOORS 11, 12, 14, 15. Mac presses the lit number 14.
text: The elevator RISES. He looks over at her. She is tight enough
text: to snap. We can feel her heart racing from here.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: So all that time, sitting at your
dialog: computers. All the research, the
dialog: access codes your job allowed you
dialog: to steal, floor plans, schematics...
dialog: setting up all your bank accounts...
text: She looks irritated. He is smiling, gently.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Years of work, comes down to....
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: ...six minutes. Don't be
dialog: nervous. Easy come, easy go.
text: She looks away. The elevator stops.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Your share prob'ly works out
dialog: to, what? Dollar and a quarter
dialog: an hour?
text: Me laughs. The door opens. She is pissed off.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: What's your point?
dialog: MAC (very real)
dialog: That I like you, Ginger.
text: Now they're staring at each other. An open elevator door. An
text: empty dim hallway. They see only each other.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: The dedication, the skill,
dialog: the guts...
text: He holds out the crook of his arm. As a gentleman escorts a lady.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I'm going to see you get
dialog: everything you deserve.
text: Her eyes flicker on that. So he grins...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Woman. If you can't have
dialog: fun, right now. You're in
dialog: the wrong business.
text: She looks in his eyes. Her body seems to relax, just a little.
text: She takes his arm.
scene_heading: INT. 14TH FLOOR
text: CLOSE on a KEYPAD. Next to it, a mirrored PLATE with two
text: APERTURES, set apart the distance of human eyes. Gin's goggled
text: face DROPS into frame, reflected in the mirrored surface. She
text: fits her eyes to the apertures...
speaker_heading: GIN (whispers)
dialog: Open. Sesame.
text: A red scanning light APPEARS. Tracks vertically. BEEPS. Tracks
text: horizontally. And from somewhere...
text: ...a soft CLICK. PULL BACK now, to see...
text: They stand at what seems the door to a BANK VAULT. Round,
text: gigantic, heavy steel. Bolts eyerywhere. Mac reaches to GRASP
dialog: the handle, and...
text: CLANG. The door swings OPEN. They stare at the inner sanctum...
text: ...a windowless ROOM. Dim, eerie fluorescence. A blast of white
text: noise from the elaborate air-cooling system. Two large MAINFRAME
text: COMPUTERS face each other from opposite walls, desks and work
text: stations with PC monitors filling the space between. As Mac closes
text: the vault door behind them...
text: ...Gin goes quickly to the smaller mainframe. Pulls the high-
text: resolution monitor around on its adjustable arm. The screensaver
text: displays Guernsey cows swimming among tropical fish. She hits a
scene_heading: key. The screen saver replaced by, WELCOME. AUTHORIZATION MODE
text: PLEASE. Two boxes for PASSWORD and SCAN. She hits SCAN. A
text: plastic shield RISES, revealing...
text: ...the mirrored PLATE, the tiny APERTURES. Gin leans to fit her
text: goggled eyes in place. The red scanning light. Vertical track.
text: BEEP. Horizontal track. And the monitor announces...WELCOME
text: MINISTER FEIHONG. Gin takes off the goggles, and...
text: ...THROWS them across the room to Mac at the larger mainframe. As
text: he repeats the scanning process, Gin is loading the precious CD-ROM
text: into her mainframe's driver. Watches the screen...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Uploading. And you've got...
text: two minutes, fifty seconds.
text: WITH Mac now. Typing the words CONTROL PANEL. The screen now
text: shows icons for time setting, and he clicks his mouse to create a
text: CLOCK in the center of the screen, labeled LOCAL TIME, and reading
text: 11:57:19, changing with each second that passes...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: So let's see. Across town at
dialog: the British Consulate...
text: INTERCUT...frenzied activity in a large war room filled with
text: computers, wall screens, every worker functioning at top speed...
dialog: CONTINUE to hear Mac over this...
speaker_heading: MAC (V.O.)
dialog: ...everyone is working frantically
dialog: to complete transactions before
text: they go off-line at midnight.
text: CUT BACK to Mac in the vault. He clicks his mouse to create a
text: clock at the LEFT of the screen, labeled BRITISH TERMINAL TIME.
text: It is, of course, showing the same time as the local clock.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: ...then, deep in the high-tech
dialog: bowels of the Bank of China
text: Building, just across the square...
text: INTERCUT...an even larger war room, even better staffed and
text: equipped. Everyone...doing...nothing. Staring at blank monitors
text: and wall screens.
speaker_heading: MAC (V.O.)
dialog: ...the Chinese are sitting on
text: their thumbs, waiting to come
text: on-line at midnight.
text: CUT BACK to Mac in the vault. He clicks his mouse to create
text: another clock at the RIGHT of the screen, labeled CHINA TERMINAL
text: TIME. Shows the same time as the other clocks. 11:58:22.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I feel for these boys. Let's
dialog: give them a breather, hmmn?
text: CLICKS the mouse, and the BRITISH TERMINAL TIME begins FLASHING.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We'll let the Brits go off-line
text: 4 seconds early.
text: As the flashing clock reaches 11:58:30, and Mac HITS the key four
dialog: times, advancing the British clock to 34 seconds, four seconds
text: later than the others.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And we'll give our new Chinese
dialog: overlords 4 extra seconds of rest
text: before they have to go on-line.
text: As the local and Chinese clocks reach 40 seconds, Mac HITS the key
text: four times, regressing the Chinese clock back to 36 seconds.
text: We watch all three clocks, clicking down the last moments of
dialog: British rule. The British clock is 4 seconds FAST, the Chinese
text: clock 4 seconds SLOW.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Playing God here, Ginger. We've
dialog: created 8 seconds that do not
dialog: exist, anywhere but in this room.
text: LOCAL TIME...11:59:00. One minute to midnight.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: 8 seconds, where no one is on-line
dialog: but your little CD-Rom.
text: He turns around. Her eyes are waiting. Across the room.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And when, eventually, everyone
dialog: discovers what transaction XJ6
dialog: was really about...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: China will think it happened
dialog: before midnight. Britain will
dialog: swear it happened after midnight...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: They'll each be positive. The
dialog: other guy. Did it.
text: Mac sighs. This is a sad thing.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Liable to be an ugly international
dialog: incident.
text: She squints across at his clock.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: Britain off-line in 18 seconds.
dialog: We're bulletproof.
text: His smile returns. Bittersweet and real...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Baby girl. Nothing. Is
dialog: bulletproof. Ever.
text: The look holds. He turns back to his screen. She lingers on him
text: for an instant. Then, back to the mainframe, finger poised above
dialog: her ENTER key...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Britain goes bye-bye in 6...
dialog: 5...4...3.
text: INTERCUT...The British Consulate. All screens go DARK. A logo
text: APPEARS of a POPPING Champagne BOTTLE, whose spray forms a Union
text: Jack twined with a PRC flag, everyone SHOUTS, cheers or curses, and
dialog: we SMASH CUT...
text: BACK to Gin...striking ENTER, the screen flashing TRANSACTIONS XJ6
speaker_heading: PROCESSING.
speaker_heading: GIN (softly)
dialog: Jesus God, it's going through.
dialog: MAC (watching his clocks)
dialog: Hong Kong midnight, happy new year.
dialog: Except at China Bank.
dialog: GIN (to her screen)
dialog: C'mon, c'mon...
text: Her screen flashes TRANSACTIONS XJ6 COMPLETED, hear her SHRIEK of
dialog: ecstasy, as we...
text: INTERCUT...Bank of China where dark screens suddenly LIGHT with the
text: same stupid PARTY LOGO. Only nobody cheers. They just get to
dialog: work.
dialog: BACK TO the vault...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Feel like a nightcap?
text: But across the way, Gin is JAMMING a button. Again. Again.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The CD won't come out of
dialog: the driver.
dialog: Houston. We have a problem.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Relax, don't jam it...
dialog: GIN (jamming it)
dialog: FUCKING THING!!
text: He crosses the room. She's rummaging on a nearby desk, finds a
scene_heading: LETTER OPENER.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Don't panic, now, there's no rush...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: We can't leave it IN THERE, it's
dialog: got all our accounts, everything
dialog: that can NAIL us to a goddam CROSS!!
text: She's fitting the letter opener INTO the narrow slot above the lid
dialog: of the driver.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Easy with that, there's no ru...
text: WHOOP! WHOOP! WHOOP! WHOOP! Every SIREN in the skyscraper is
text: SHRIEKING, lights are FLASHING CRIMSON, Gin's screen says SECURITY
text: BREACH in a selection of languages.
text: Gin just staring at it.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: There's a rush.
text: The sirens are EAR-SPLITTING. We know that elsewhere in this
text: building, all hell must be breaking loose. Gin is YANKING Mac's
text: arm out of the socket...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: LET'S MOVE IT, WHAT ARE YOU
dialog: WAITING F...
speaker_heading: MAC
text: The disc. Is still in there.
text: Yeh. She stares at it. Really scared.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: We can't help it, we...we've
dialog: gotta...
text: He stares at her. In one motion, he SNATCHES a stapler from the
text: desk and SMASHES the driver with all his strength.
text: It pops open. Calmly, he plucks her CD from the tray. She mouths
text: a barely audible...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: What a guy.
text: But just as she's about to bolt...he holds up one hand. Slips
text: another CD from his pocket. We see the words KENNY G.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Was wondering where to leave
dialog: this...
text: Pops it IN the drive. SLAMS it shut.
dialog: MAC (quietly)
dialog: Time to go.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Mac and Gin RUNNING full tilt through the siren BLARE, turning a
dialog: corner to see ahead...
text: ...the balcony railing, the building's empty central CORE. Mac
text: BOLTS straight TOWARD it, Gin sprinting to follow, lungs pounding,
text: they reach the railing, looking DOWN to see...
text: Hysteria, unimaginable chaos. Soldiers, black-tie partygoers,
text: SCRAMBLING in all directions, looking to his left Mac sees...
text: ...the bank of ELEVATORS, soldiers POURING in, some cars already
text: RISING, fourth floor, fifth. Now he looks directly BELOW, where...
text: ...soldiers are POUNDING up the metal service staircase, the front
text: rank almost at the third floor. In the lobby, some faces look up
text: to see us, but no one is shooting.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: They don't know we're the
dialog: bad guys.
text: He PLUNGES his hand into her shoulder bag...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Time they find out.
text: Pulls OUT two PLASMA GRENADES, and FLINGS one toward the elevator
text: cables three floors down and it...
text: ...EXPLODES in a horrifying FIREBALL, causing PANDEMONIUM in the
text: lobby below, the elevator cables BLOWN AWAY, cars PLUNGING, the
text: yellow smoke momentarily screening us from the soldiers far below,
text: and Mac HURLS the second grenade...
text: ...STRAIGHT DOWN and the fireball WIPES OUT the staircase, a huge
text: section of ninth floor landing RAINING down on the lobby.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Okay. How do we get down?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Down? I never liked down.
text: Grabs her hand and they RACE to the staircase, as smoke BILLOWS
text: everywhere below. UP they go, two stairs at a time, the lowest
text: glass-and-spiderweb-steel CANOPY is three floors above us, the
text: cacophany of SHOUTS below is like an amplified insane asylum.
text: He is dragging her now, up, up, BULLETS are flying blind through
text: the smoke, CHEWING up metal and glass all around us, up, up, and
text: as the smoke at last clears, they have reached...
text: ...the canopy floor. They can see the army down below. Clutching
text: her hand, Mac leads her OVER the railing, ONTO the canopy itself,
dialog: and together they RUN...
text: ...straight ACROSS the heavy glass toward the far side of the
text: building, like space-walking above the throng 150 feet below,
text: BULLETS now TRACING their path from beneath, SLAMMING OFF the
text: underside of the bulletproof canopy, Gin SHRIEKING with fright
text: as they go. We see ahead...
text: ...three EXECUTIVE ELEVATORS beginning to climb the far wall.
text: These are glass-enclosed tubes, all filled with soldiers, the car
text: in the lead already at the tenth floor. Mac keeps running straight
dialog: TOWARD them.
speaker_heading: GIN (out of breath)
dialog: WE'VE GOT ONE MORE GRENADE!
speaker_heading: MAC (not)
dialog: SAVE IT FOR A RAINY DAY!
text: They make it to the edge of the canopy, the lead elevator only two
text: floors below them. We can see the soldiers through the glass. Mac
text: GRASPS her hand, and as the car nears our level...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You can do this.
text: They LEAP across five feet of open air to...
text: ...LAND squarely on the car's metal roof, Mac WRAPPING his free arm
text: AROUND the cable, and UP we go. The ant colony below us receding
dialog: fast.
text: Gin is hanging onto the cable, petrified. Mac is looking up toward
dialog: the roof.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Okay, now what?
speaker_heading: MAC (absently)
dialog: Shut up. You're on a 'need-to-
dialog: know' basis.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Mac, I'm sorry.
text: He looks at her. Just now, she seems more miserable than afraid.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Turns out, I'm a screw-up.
text: He doesn't smile. Passing the third canopy.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Well. Something to be said for
dialog: being self-aware.
text: Looks back up. Forty-first floor. Six to go.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: May I have the last grenade, dear.
text: It's about to rain.
text: She blinks. Huh? So he reaches into her bag, pulls out the
dialog: grenade, and THROWS it...
text: ...STRAIGHT up. The roof above them EXPLODES in a FIREBALL, and
text: SHIELDS her body against the wall of their shaft, as a huge SECTION
text: of roof comes RAINING down. We watch as it...
text: ...CRASHES through the upper canopy, TONS of roof and glass
text: PLUNGING to...
text: ...BLAST through the middle canopy, everyone below SCRAMBLING for
dialog: shelter, as the whole shebang...
text: ...EXPLODES through the lowest canopy. Gin can only GAPE at the
text: incredible display. Mouthing a silent WOW.
text: They've passed the second canopy, thirty-sixth floor. Still
text: climbing. The other two elevators maybe five floors below us.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You see, banking will be more
dialog: democratic under China.
text: She looks to him.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Well. No more glass ceiling.
text: The elevator car has STOPPED. We are at the roof. The soldiers
text: are in the car beneath our feet, nowhere to get out. Above our
dialog: heads.
text: ...the last few feet of elevator cable. And starry sky, where our
dialog: patch of roof used to be.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: How refreshing. The night air.
text: He begins to shimmy up the few feet of cable. At the top, he
text: reaches out with one hand toward the lip of the remaining roof,
text: GRABS it, LUNGES with his free hand, and...
text: ...DANGLING 47 floors, he pulls himself UP, swings ONTO the roof.
text: Reaches back down. She is only twelve feet below him. Frozen with
dialog: fear.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I can't do this.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You can. If I say so.
text: She stares up at his eyes. He smiles.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: If you stay. You'll have to pay
dialog: for the damage...
text: She looks down at the mess below.
text: And starts to climb the cable. Not so easy in a ball gown, but the
text: adrenaline is pumping. Gets to the top. Here's the hard part.
text: One hand reaches out...
text: ...GRABS his. She lets GO. And she is DANGLING in space.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Now that split. Did we say
dialog: 60-40?
text: And with all his strength, hauls her up onto...
text: ...the roof. Two-thirds of it remain. At the far edge, a gigantic
text: MAINTENANCE CRANE, itself two stories high. But between here and
dialog: the crane...
text: ...a HELICOPTER. Big and beautifUl and empty. She looks like
text: she's seen God. Mac starts to jog toward it, she runs to follow
text: but sees him go...
text: ...straight PAST the chopper.
speaker_heading: GIN
speaker_heading: HEY!
text: He turns back.
text: She points to the copter. It's over here.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Got the keys?
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I thought you could...hot-wire
dialog: stuff?
dialog: Guess not.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: They fix those things so you
dialog: can't steal them...
text: And keeps walking. Toward the monster CRANE.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: These, they're not so worried.
text: Moving fast, he points off to his right. Her eyes follow a
text: long CABLE, leading from the arm of the crane, across the roof,
text: attaching by a huge HOOK to a massive WRECKING BALL.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Go grab that hook.
text: He reaches the crane's cab. Turns back to see she hasn't moved.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Let me rephrase that. Run
dialog: and grab that hook. Or die...
text: Got it? She takes off running. He hops IN the cab. PUSHES the
text: start button. It rumbles to life. Tests some levers...
speaker_heading: GIN (O.S.)
dialog: SHIT! DON'T DO THAT!
text: He turns to see that he's tightened the cable, pulling her ball six
text: feet in the AIR. She clings to the hook with a true death grip.
text: He lowers her ball to the roof. Getting the hang of it.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: This only works if you shut
dialog: your eyes.
text: Which makes her eyes BUG OUT.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: You're not gonna lower me over
dialog: the side.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Of course not. Now close baby
dialog: eyes...
dialog: (she won't)
dialog: Suit yourself.
text: He THROWS a lever and the crane's arm begins to SWING in a circle,
text: finally taking the ball WITH it, and as she SCREAMS, Mac...
text: ...POUNCES out of the cab, RACING along the edge of the roof, NOT
text: toward the ball which is sweeping the hysterical Gin in a widening
text: ARC, but toward the point where he thinks the ball will clear the
dialog: edge, and JUST as it does, he...
text: ...LEAPS aboard, throwing one arm around the hook, the other around
dialog: her, and they go...
text: ...OVER the side, WHOOSHING DOWN in a gigantic, every-increasing
text: LOOP, as the endless steel cable UNWINDS from its huge drum like a
text: fishing reel hooked onto a killer whale.
speaker_heading: GIN
text: OH NOOOOOOOOOO....
text: The ride no theme park could insure, SWOOPING out ACROSS the
text: skyline, DROPPING like an anvil, as the cable UNSPOOLS hundreds of
text: feet, nothing but NOTHING for miles below them, Gin grabbing a
text: breath to SHRIEK her guts out, as the monstrous pendulum reaches
text: its max, begins to slow toward that one nauseating motionless
dialog: instant...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Let go NOW!!
text: He YANKS her loose, and they drop...
text: ...four feet. The ball SWINGS OFF lnto space to some unknown
text: mayhem. Clutching Mac, Gin looks WAY down to the street, and
text: realizes they are standing on...
text: ...a rooftop. Quiet, safe. Alone.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Planning.
text: She WHIPS around, GLARING death at his eyes.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And dumb luck.
text: She COLLAPSES in his arms, every muscle trembling in spasm,
dialog: sobbing...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: God, I hate you.
text: He holds her tenderly. Kisses the top of her head.
dialog: MAC (softly)
dialog: Good. I hate you, too.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN ROAD - EARLY MORNING
text: WITH Gin in a soft brunette wig, walking briskly, light carry-all
text: across her shoulder. Very early, even the busiest street in the
dialog: world is less than that at this hour. Up ahead...
text: ...Tsimshatsui Station, a tall man with a tourist shopping bag,
text: leaning casually against a pole. Talking into a cellular.
text: As she approaches, Mac doesn't seem to notice, but she can now hear
dialog: his conversation...
dialog: MAC (into phone)
dialog: ...if I can't have my usual
dialog: suite, I'll take my business
dialog: to the Bristol, simple as that.
text: He sees her now. Smiles small.
dialog: MAC (into phone)
dialog: ...why indeed should I be more
dialog: loyal to you than you've been to
dialog: me? Think it over.
text: SNAPS the phone shut.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You ran your calls.
text: She did. She is frankly exhilarated.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: All the transactions, all the
dialog: transfers. It's a miracle.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Why? The CD erased the trans-
dialog: actions, all accounts seem in
dialog: order. It looks like the thieves
dialog: were stopped in time.
text: She sighs. It is a miracle.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The Colonel says police have
text: nothing. A man in black-tie, a
text: blonde in a gown. The elevator
dialog: guards saw faces, but no mug shots
dialog: to ID. I think it's over.
text: Mac's smile. Bittersweet affection.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Except it never is, really.
dialog: Quite. Over.
text: She smiles. It is easy, but dazzling. Atypically soft.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Well, one hopes not. The Bristol,
dialog: huh? In...Paris?
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You're not going back to Mr. Cruz,
dialog: and the nine-to-five?
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Not hardly. I've arranged to be
text: killed in a car crash. On Taipei.
dialog: Amazing how little it costs.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Well. You want to watch those
dialog: pennies.
text: She takes a breath. Scared, in an excited way...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I could arrange for two. In that
dialog: crash.
text: His smile back.
text: He looks at his watch. Takes her hand. Leads her to the subway
dialog: steps.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You know, for a bitch. You can
dialog: be awfully sweet.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Woman of mystery. What do you say?
dialog: I like the Bristol, just fine.
dialog: mean, it's not the Ritz...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You know, all night I've been
dialog: wrestling with something...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Not the most flattering way to
dialog: put it.
text: He takes his big tourist shopping bag. Puts it in her hand.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I've changed your travel plans.
text: They are descending now. Into the vast underground train station.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Mine.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Instead of taking the subway to
dialog: the airport, you change at Jordan
dialog: Station for Kowloon Tong. Got that?
dialog: Got that?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Jordan is only 90 seconds up the
dialog: line. Like a wire transfer, you're
text: gone. Vanished.
text: He holds up a silencing finger. Listen to me.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: In this bag are passports,
text: tickets, papers. An amber wig, a
dialog: good one. A dress you can slip on
dialog: in five seconds.
text: Her eyes moving over his face. What is this?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You're on a tight connection to
dialog: the Trans-Siberian Express, be in
dialog: Europe in a week.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Mac, wh...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Shhh. You always talk too much.
text: They're at the booth. He pays their fare. Through the turnstiles,
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: Time has come to return the favor.
dialog: One last time.
text: Smiles at her. As they enter a tunnel.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Tell you. What business. I'm
dialog: actually in.
text: And in an instant of blind panicked clarity. She gets the whole
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: GIN (hushed)
dialog: My God. You're a cop.
dialog: MAC (very softly)
dialog: That's my girl.
text: Keep walking. People are everywhere. But they are alone in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: See, my profession was cover,
dialog: too. A notorious thief has access
dialog: to colleagues, their plans...
text: He sighs.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I've turned in...well, couple
dialog: hundred. over forty years.
dialog: Scotland Yard, Interpol, FBI...
text: Looking around the tunnel.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Thought I might retire. After you.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: And all the...microchips, the
dialog: diamond machine...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Well, the chips were returned.
dialog: The machine was just a box, did
dialog: you actually think it was real?
text: Glances at her.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: I thought...everything was real.
dialog: Stupid girl.
text: End of the tunnel in sight now. It leads to a massive, endless
text: quai. Trains in transit.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Those were your jobs, so I could
dialog: have claimed entrapment. You had
dialog: to wait. For mine.
text: Nearly there. He says nothing. Looks pretty grim.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: The Oracle Bone...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Well, the State Department liked
dialog: that one. They have more fish to
dialog: fry with Beijing than Taiwan.
text: He sighs.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: So they're taking credit for
dialog: letting it go through. Tho I'm
dialog: afraid your Colonel may be in for
dialog: a career disappointment.
text: She stops walking. She has to know...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: And the 5 billion.
dialog: Ah. That.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I haven't told them.
text: Gently, takes her arm. Leads her onto the endless train platform.
text: Walking slower now.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I said you hadn't revealed the
dialog: job. That it wouldn't take place
dialog: until after the changeover.
text: Down the platform they stroll. As her eyes wander...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Don't look, they're there.
text: Her breath catches. Her eyes go down.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: And my tickets. In the shopping bag?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Well. Kept my options open. If
dialog: I give you up, they don't matter,
dialog: do they?
text: Her heart pounding through her chest.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: If.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Had lots of crazy thoughts. One
dialog: was retirement. With four billion
dialog: dollars. After all, I know some
dialog: places where life could be private...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: But you couldn't do that, huh?
text: They've stopped. Just two travellers in a strange land. waiting
dialog: for a train.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Otherwise. They wouldn't be here.
text: He nods. Smiling pleasantly.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Creature of habit. I suppose.
text: We feel her adrenaline racing.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Lots. Of thoughts, you s...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Keep smiling. They won't move,
text: until I raise my left arm.
text: And so she smiles. As prettily as she can manage.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I thought. Well, I've got the CD.
dialog: I could contact the banks, reverse
dialog: all the transactions...
text: A train is COMING. We HEAR it.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...except maybe. Leave you with...
dialog: oh, a hundred million, say. To
dialog: tide you over.
text: SEE the train. Slowing. Pulling in.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Then, I thought, nah. Not my style.
text: With a SHRIEK of metal. The train PULLS toward us.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I figured. What the hell?
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Let her keep the lot.
text: The train STOPS. The doors OPEN. People come out, people go in.
text: Pouring around them. They are alone again. The subway doors stand
text: open. Two feet away. She looks at them...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: No rush. The doors won't close for
dialog: 60 seconds.
text: Sixty seconds. And still smiling...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: There's a pistol in the bag. Reach
dialog: in slowly. Take it out fast. Point
dialog: it at my temple.
text: She freezes to stone.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You can do it. If I say you can.
text: And she...DOES IT. A blinding MOVE, the gun straight at his head,
text: Mac miming fear, raising his hands to chill the agents we...
text: WHIP PAN to see. Half a dozen, everywhere, but none too close.
text: They REACT, pull their weapons, but it's a stand-off. BACK TO...
dialog: 
text: Two people. Alone in the universe.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Step onto the car, keep the
text: pistol trained on my face.
text: She hesitates. Does as he says. Passengers are screaming,
text: cringing, bolting for other cars. Our world is FROZEN. His hands
dialog: raised...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Seems I was wrong.
text: Gentle smile.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Entrapment. Is what robbers.
dialog: Do to cops, huh?
text: Her eyes are flooding. The gun is trembling.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Twenty seconds. Shoot me in the
dialog: shoulder, it'll slow them down.
text: Her pistol is shaking like she has palsy. Tears are on her cheeks.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: Oughta shoot you in the face.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Come on, you can do it, if I sa...
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: No way. Not anymore.
text: She sobs. She can't stand this.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Ten seconds, hold on.
speaker_heading: GIN
dialog: When do I see you?
text: There is no answer. There are no words.
text: The doors HISS SHUT. She stares, training her pistol on him
text: through the glass, his hands reaching back to hold off the agents,
dialog: and the train...
text: PULLS away. An instant to pick up speed, and it ROARS into a
text: tunnel. Gone.
text: Mac stands motionless as ALL HELL breaks loose around him, AGENTS
text: rushing to his side, Mac shaking his head, calmly...
dialog: 
text: Still staring after the train.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Airport. Changing at Mongkok
dialog: Station, we can cut her off.
text: Walkie-talkies WHIP out. These guys are the same the world over.
text: We begin to CRANE UP...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: She might lose the wig, be looking
text: brunette or blonde, navy pants suit...
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: I think Yaumatei changes for the
text: airport, and it's closer.
text: Keep PULLING UP, an AERIAL VIEW now, too high to see their faces...
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S.)
dialog: I think you're wrong, but cover it.
dialog: You got maybe four minutes.
text: HIGHER still, the mob below an ant colony...
speaker_heading: MAC (O.S., calmly)
dialog: No problem. She's trapped.
text: But as the crowd parts. We can make out one lone man...
text: Staring after. What has gone.
text: FADE TO BLACK. ROLL END CREDITS.
dialog: 
