dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: MIRAMAX
speaker_heading: INTERNATIONAL
speaker_heading: EQUILIBRIUM
speaker_heading: LIBRIUM
scene_heading: DIRECTED ARB WRITTEN BY
dialog: Kurt Winer
speaker_heading: PRODUCED BY
dialog: Jan de Bont
dialog: Lucas Foster
dialog: 
speaker_heading: # TELEVISION SCREEN
text: a A DOCUMENTARY. IMAGES from the ravaging wars of our century.
scene_heading: TELEVISION NARRATOR . 4
dialog: -.. for decades, for no hatter reason
dialog: than mutual contrempe, civilization
text: hovered on the brink of nuclear wer.
dialog: Peoples in eastern Europe massacred each
text: other over forgotten cultural grudges.
dialog: *Tensiona have again escalated’ was the
dialog: familiar refrain ...
text: Mow images of CHEMISTS diligently working in lahz ...
speaker_heading: HARRATOR
dialog: it Became inescapable - 1f Man were to
dialog: survive inte the future, he must find &
dialog: way ¢6 govern his emotions before they
dialog: geverned “him inte roan-sxistence ...
dialog: But it is lest on fRe FIGURE in the FOREGROUND of this
scene_heading: SUBURSAN LIVING ROOM.
text: Raggec, desperate - a modern-day pirate - he gently, almost
text: levingly, places a scratched black platter ontoa an old
scene_heading: BLAYSKOOL RECORT PLAYER.
text: (> Watching, mesmerized, ag the dise goas round and a child's
text: lullaby - Bushabye Street - beging to eka out the set's tinny
text: epeakera. His Adam's epple rises, knotting ...
text: Abruptly, his eyes snap out the window. Scereeching arcund
text: the distant corner, a phalanx of FOLICE CARS.
text: Forgetting the lullaby, he moves.
scene_heading: # INT. ROOM - DAY
text: The man’s spiritual brechers sit here scattered. Long
text: braided hair some, tattened others, pierced all, they sit
text: telling jokes, playing cards, laughing with each other.
dialog: bDen't be deceived. They are, in fact, a rolling army. Wolves,
text: living on the move, taking what they need where they find it.
text: The door flisea open, the men bursting in.
speaker_heading: MAH
speaker_heading: POLICE! 1 a”
text: At the wiridew, SEAMUS CLANCY. handeoma and brilliant heyond
text: @ : his years, hits his feet milliseconds ahead of hia men,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Fage 2
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: You know what ta do!
text: They jump to it, snatchine up the CANVASES that lean againsr
dialog: the walls around the room. . 3
scene_heading: VAN GOGH'S SONFLOWERS, MONET’S #AYSTACKS ... MUNCH’S SCREAM;
dialog: some of the greatest artworks of mankind in the hands of
dialog: these crimingla ...
text: In the strast belew cutside, UNMARKED POLICE CARS are
text: screeching wep at the curk. ,
text: Dropping a SHOTGUN from beneath his coat Seamus shacks! in
text: the first snell.and faces hia men.
text: Around the room, every heart is pounding, #very chest rising
dialog: With Taw emation. '
speaker_heading: SEARUS
dialog: It all enmes down to this.
scene_heading: EXT. QUIET NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: and, under che soothing straing of Hushabye Street, it dees.
text: A swarm of yellow-jackats, the police cars slam the curb
text: outside tha house. The front deor flies open ...
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
speaker_heading: AYAAAAAR!! 1
text: The desperadces come streaming out PAPONWIPAFOW! gang blazing,
text: apreading cut across che lawn, OPENING fire without quartar
dialog: on the law enforcers who ...
text: Return fire with automatic weapons, bullets thickening the
text: air, chewing the house, cartwheeling great tufts of sod as
text: one by one, across the lawn, Seamus’ men begin to drep.
text: in what seems nothing more than a moment, they are all dewn
text: and SPECIAL TACTICS TEAMS are swarming past their dying
text: bodies up the steps and into the house ....
speaker_heading: TACTICS COMMANDER
dialog: GalGo/ga: .
text: The sound af gunfire erupts within the house.
text: At the curb, @ BLACK SEDAN stops. Out of it, steps a MAM.
text: He surveys the house with a keen eye_
text: Thoughtful Quiet, soothing to look ak.
text: JOMN PRESTON looks te HITS PARTNER emerging out the other side
text: of the car - PARTRIDGE.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 3
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: They move quickly, quietly inside the front deor. Sounds of
text: cunfire ringing through distant parts of the- house. 5
text: A wlance axchanged. Years of experience there.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Synchronized, like a machina, Presten and Partridge move
text: silently through the house.
text: A DESPERADO steps abrupely out of a doorway ahead, shotgun
text: mot an inch from Fartridge’s head.
dialog: PoW!, almost before he aven appeared, Breaton has pur hin
text: down with & bullet to the brain. The two lock at seach other.
dialog: Clos, .
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: They reach a Gight ANOT of police formes, clustered
text: cambat-style outside a CLOSED DOOR at the end of a hall. The
text: OFFICER IN CHARGS, quickly approaches, speaking in whispers.
scene_heading: . OFFICER IN CHARGE
dialog: Lights our. May be as many ag a dozen
dialog: inside.
text: Preston nods.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Dace Ehe deor's down, blow the bulne.
text: The O.1.0. nods, snapping his fingers at the security forces,
text: who scramble to take position,
text: Preston stands, eyes closed for a moment, leveling his
text: breathing. Two officers quickly place pistols imte hie
text: hanging hands while three mere take position at the door -
text: zeroing the hinges and leck with shocguns ...
text: Ome deep, steady breach. Preston opens his eyes. Mode.
text: PAPOW! POW! POW! the three officers BLOW out the hinges
scene_heading: INT. ROGM /
text: A doorway of light opens into a world cf black ag the dark
text: slab of the deor collapses inward under the feet of a
text: SILHOUETTED FIGURE in 8 flowing dark coat,
text: BABLAM! the security forces BLOW the lights behind, raining
text: down fiery red sparks as everything drops to PITCH BLACK.
dialog: 
dialog: at
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 4
dialog: “
text: BOW! PADAPOW! POR! like a sering of fFira-crackers, the darkness
text: GOES OFF with the etreboscopic action of John Presten's guns,
dialog: punceuating ehe Dblask world inre a disectheque of
text: ingstantaneowe spit-fire globes of Light
text: Ao black world defined by flesting retinel-burst images of his
text: adversaries slamming the walls #ith the impact of his
dialog: bullets.
text: and then, three blinding seconds and thirry bullets later,
text: bis guns fall silent and blackness rules again.
text: Behind him, FLASHLIGHTS strobs.into the darkness from the
text: hall as the police forces enter the room - fresh young faces
text: mirroring their astonishment as they counk the fallen.
text: Werdlessly, Preston turna and exirs.
dialog: t
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: The dust has sertled now. It is quiet. FPraston is meat in
text: the battle-scarred main hall by the Tactics Commander and his
text: team who have secured the upper fleer.
speaker_heading: TACTICS COMMANDER
dialog: House is clean. We found norhing.
text: Preston nods, taking in every detail from floor fo ceiling.
speaker_heading: PRESTOK
dialog: Clear it.
text: The Tactics Commander glances at Partridge - who nods with
dialog: gimpla gravity.
text: The Tactics Officer jumps to it, ushering his men streaming
text: out. Preston turns to look briefly to Fartridae ...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Preetan stands in the kitchen, taking it in, feeling it. A
text: man lies dead, half on the kitchen table, half off ..-
text: But he takes no noarice, so intent his communion with the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER ROOM - DAY
text: He stope in the doorway of an ampty sacond fleor room. Light
text: eking sickly through a dusty window.
text: He standa for a long momant, feeling the air.
speaker_heading: PRESTOM
dialog: This is it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FS 7
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page §
dialog: 
dialog: “
text: Partridge nods to the SPECIAL TERMS whe move quickly up.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Where ...7
text: Preston nods te a SPACE in che middle of the floorboards, *
text: covered by a threadbare rng.
speaker_heading: PRESTON /
dialog: There. . . -
text: The Special Teams jump quickly to it; stripping away the rug,
text: splintering up the floerboarding with crowbar.
text: Revealing, within a jagged hole, atop many other similar |
text: fized canvasseas, the MONS Ligh. Smiling back at cham with
text: her quies smile.
text: Specisl Teams back off to let A MAN RITH GLASSES through. He
text: kneels at the edge of the hole, swabs an edgé of the painting
text: with 6 f+tip and dropa it inte a emall test tube.
text: He shakes it, studying the reactant chemicals. Turns,
text: nodding with gravity at Freston.
speaker_heading: CHEMIST
dialog: It's real.
text: Withowt tuming, Preston says to the Conélagration Teats whe
text: step abruptly in beside him with FLAME THROWERS: .
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Burn it-
text: WHOOOSH! the two Conflagrartion Units unleash & torrent of
text: FLAME inte the jagged hole. [gniting the great paintings in
text: burning petroleum jelly. .
text: Preston turns wordlessly and walks cut.
dialog: He ip our hero.
text: PARTRIDGE lingers for a moment, Staring at Mona Lisa‘e amile
text: as it curls up in the flames along with a billion dollars of
dialog: mankind’s other greatest artworks.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE VERICLE - DAY
text: Preston and Partridge ride in ailence in the back of the ~
text: vehicle, watching the quaint, *ilent neighborhood go by.
text: Odd, but there isn’t a soul to be seen in this neighborhood.
text: Every door has been painted with a plaque-era black ‘T’, and
dialog: avery Ech or so house, has been buraed to the ground ...
dialog: 
dialog: Page 6
text: But it seems ta make no impression on Preston. He looks over
text: at Partridge, his partner's strong jaw tensed, contemplacive,
text: as he stares out the window at the empty, passing
dialog: neighborhoed. $
text: Preston studies his partner of many years.
dialog: Thare are things Preston can know by simply leoking 2t a
dialog: person that would border on mind-reading for the rest of us.
speaker_heading: PRESTOR
dialog: You're thinking aomething ...
text: Partridge blinks over from the window.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Oh... mo... nothing ...
text: He shakes his head, gesturing the vacan= neighborhood.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Why don't wa just burn it all ta the
dialog: ground - and be done with it?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
text: Resources are tight. An uneontrolled ©
dialog: fire im che gone could spread Eo the city.
dialog: Partridge nods. Sure ... Bure ...
text: Ahead, out the windshield, the suburhan neighborhood abruptly
text: ends, as though crushed in mid-thought by a giant stone iaor.
text: A MASSIVE GATE girded by MASSIVE WALLS some 75 feat tall and
text: stretching off out af sight in either direction like the
dialog: Great Wal] of China.
text: Ater the gate, carved in qramite, massive stone Hitlerfian
text: letters proclaim LIZRIA. And, in smaller acript below that:
dialog: Librium ast iibercas :
text: Standing atep the precipice, a SENTRY clad in white watches
text: through the featureleas biack glass of his helmet as Preston
text: and Fartridge's car is checked through the gate below.
text: Barrel of his white-metal machinegun following as the car
text: passes from the faded flower that is the Zone ...
text: Through the vast, opening doore ...
text: To the vista of a VAST WALLED CITYSCAPE.
text: Nothing less than a stunning constructiviat black and white
dialog: geometry. : 1
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 7
speaker_heading: LIBRIA.
text: Le Corbusier’s "machines for living in’. Cold and beauriful.
dialog: BR bichromatic masterpiece in which more has heen done with:
text: the elegant simplicity of black and white than ocherg who
dialog: have gone before have managed with all the spectrum of the
dialog: rainbow ..-.
text: And unlike the ‘neighborhood - gealed off like East Berlin -
text: the city is teeming with people. A peaceful mass - flowing
dialog: with gqudet fluidity.
text: PRESTON, in the car, watchea a FAMILY preparing te cross the
dialog: ptreet. Father, Mother, Son, Deughter, holding hands ...
dialog: WaLlting for che Light to change.
dialog: r
text: His caze stays on them - longer maybe, Chan warranted.
text: Abruptiy 4 SHARP WEEPING blinks him out of his momentary
text: Bream. He joins the others in the car as they raige their
text: wrists and flick off their alarms, all beeping in concert.
text: Wordlagesly, around the vehiclsa, the man flip open WHITE CASES
text: marked with MORNING ard EVENING SLOTS for each day.
text: With mechanized routineness, each extracts shis evening*‘s
text: GLASS AMPULE - marked Evening 6/18 ...
speaker_heading: - PRESTON
dialog: {reflective]
dialog: Every time we make this drive into the
dialog: city - it hits me .
dialog: inads)
dialog: How very far we've come.
text: Partridge does not look up as he chicks his vial into the
text: small PNEUMATIC SYRINGE tucked into the bottom of his oasae.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: We have?
text: Preston icoks sharply ever - not certain he heard correctly.
text: Cocks his head.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I beg your pardon?
text: There is a-pneumatic pop! as Partridg® and the others inject
text: themselves. Finally, be turns to look at Freeton a Frank
dialog: mamant - eyes searching. Than ~ simply - node,
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: We have.
dialog: 
dialog: ak
dialog: 
speaker_heading: rage B
text: Sraston holds on him @ narrow instant. But is interrupted as
text: the Driver looks. suddenly over hie shoulder.
speaker_heading: DRIVER +
dialog: Excuge me - a pituation at che Stad - do
dialog: we want to stop?
scene_heading: EXT. STAD LIBRIA - DAY
text: A great surge of APPLAUSE risep as Partridge and Preston _
text: proceed tapidly through the two great stone columns that form
text: the gateway to the city’s vast communal stadiun.
text: The Stands ar® packed with intent on-lJookers as, on-field,
text: corps of black-unifarmed, tow-headed CHILDREN are going
text: through a synchronized martial choreography .-.
dialog: t
text: The crowd, ten thougand-eeveng, applauds, enjoying che
dialog: epactacle thorougnly.
text: Preston and Partridge are met immediately by two white-clad
text: SWEEPERS who fall inte quick lack-step with chem.
speaker_heading: SHESPER
dialog: We can't take the snot without
dialog: endangering people ...
text: Preston node, on it.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Show me.
scene_heading: EXT. STADIUM COMMON - DAY
dialog: Just outeide the stadium-sroper, Preston and Fartridge ara
dialog: led through & large knot of concerned-Locking people inte an
text: OPEN SPACE ringed by ARMED SWEEPERS...
text: ... all giving ample space to a SWEAT-SLICKENED, DESPERATE
text: MAN who holds a GUN and is railing at the surrmuiding crowd.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You stupid fucks! Look ar you! You‘re
dialog: sheep! Fucking sheep! .
text: POW! he fires a SHOT over their heads, The crowd flinches,
text: but ddes not budge.
speaker_heading: . MAN
dialog: You see] You gee! What kind of fucking
dialog: reaction is that!
dialog: . At kis feer liea a DEAD WOMAN. Bellet in her heart.
text: Preston ‘and Partridge exchange a glance.-
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: —— LT
dialog: Page 9
dialog: ‘
text: Preston unhelsters his own guns, handing them to his partner.
text: And steps out inte the ring. A MURMUR travels through the
text: crowd. The Man snaps the gun round towards him.
text: Preston raises his hands. 3
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Sassy. Ho one here meang you any hear.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Well they shovld/
text: POWL he fires another shot over ‘the crowd. They flinch
dialog: again, but remain rooted.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You seel?! t
speaker_heading: terowdl
dialog: Hello? salts? I just killed my wife.
dialog: She fucked another man #0 1 killed her.
dialog: He jooks very particularly at Preston,
speaker_heading: MAN .
dialog: I'm a menace to your fucked up society.
text: A displeased murmur ripples through the crowd.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: A menace maybe ...
dialog: ferowd)
dialog: But youre wreng about them. Thia is
dialog: something that works. Setter than it
dialog: ever has.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: Works!?1 All these freaking sheep should
dialog: be running for their lives! Shitting
text: theiz pants; feeling tercified, feeling
dialog: scared for their fucking lives; feeling
dialog: Something.
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
dialog: Like what you're feeling now?
text: The man grinds silent, Preston's words hitting home. Preston
text: takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: _ PRESTON
dialog: " fetowd)
dialog: Look at them ...
dialog: In spite of himaelf, the man does. Uniike him, éveryone
text: healthy, relaxed-leoking, innocent, in balance.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 10
dialog: a
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: What's missing? Stress? Depression?
dialog: Can you remember, in your whole life,
dialog: ever Seeing an overweight person?
text: He shakes hie head.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Bil the reasons to overeat - anxiety,
dialog: worry, wrhappiness - all gone.
text: Fe takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: _ Aleng with sadness, anger, hate ..-
text: He looks at the dead woman at the man’s feet. Eack ...
dialog: '
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: teelousy.
text: The fan's angty facade strains. Struggling. Beginning to
dialog: break.
dialog: Mant
dialog: What the fuck Go you want from me ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: All I want - is for you ta stop shaking.
text: The Man Lecke at-him - surprised at the compassionate words.
text: Preston. takes another step.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Iowant you to stop ... dreading ... I
dialog: want you fo stop .-- raging inaide...
text: In spite of himself, the Man swallows hard. Preston stops
text: Tlet-a yard away ~ closed FIST rising up between them. The
text: Man tenses his _atip on the gun - but Prestor dees not blink.
speaker_heading: : PRESTON .
dialog: Tt want the rushing in yout orain - all of
dialog: it...
dialog: Like a flower, hia fingere bleom apen. ~
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: ae. tO stop.
text: In his open palm - glinting “. an AMPULE of golden liquid.
speaker_heading: LIBRIUM.
text: The Man holds'on it + tears brimming into his eyes.
dialog: 
dialog: 2
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Faga 11
text: Suddenly, faster than etheughe, Preston stripe the gun our of
text: hia hangs and slams him te the concrete.
text: Instantly, the Sweepers swarm the man, gagging and binding
text: him with stunning swiftness, ‘The crowd politely applauds.
text: Preston's ayes meet Partridge's in the crowd,
dialog: Preston amiies, Parcridge doesn’t.
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE OF JUSTICE - DUSK
text: Aogreat eadifice, at whose crest. is a greac white ‘T.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES OF THE VICE-COUNCIL - DUSK
text: PRESTON stands at attention before a desk situaked at the end
text: of a Yast hall ac which a man in an elegans suit sits
text: stamping the crest of the Tetragrammaton - an ornate ‘T* onto
text: Qa stack of parers.
text: Behind him a great ‘T’ has been cut through the wall and the
text: gun's getting raya blaze through ic.
text: PRESTON’ s eyes fall on a lavish GLOBE of the earth standiag
text: in an ornate pedestal by the desk. Across the continent of
text: North America, ‘Libria' igs printed in an ornate script ...
text: and, fading around the sphere, other names, XxylyxX, Entzopia,
dialog: and cthers, mark the lesser continents
text: Betbing aside his papers, the MAN looks Preeten over a keen
text: moment, assessing him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Thank you for coming, Cleric. 1 assume
dialog: you know who I am?
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Yee Sir. Qf course, Sir. You are Vice-
dialog: Council DuPont of the Third Councillary
dialog: of the Tetragrammaton. You are Father‘s
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: (thoughtfully!
dialog: Yes ... Loam at that.
dialog: (sitting back)
dialog: I’ve heard a great deal about you,
dialog: Preston. They say you'ra the veritable
dialog: Fourth Horseman cf the TetraGram, That
dialog: you were taised from childhood in the
dialog: Cleric Monasteries, schooled in the arte
dialog: of intuition and strife, That there is
dialog: na one. better.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Page Lz
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I do only what I can, Sir.
speaker_heading: DOFONT
dialog: They also cell me you-are deeply empathetic.
dialog: That you can find contraband wherever it
dialog: may be hidden; you've a noze for it...
dialog: +
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: i've a good recerd, Sir.
text: Vice-Council Burfoot cansiders him a moment.
speaker_heading: : DUPONT
dialog: Why do you imagina that igs, Cleric? -
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I... Ifm not sure Vice-Council. I juer
dialog: ~+- put oyselt in their position. Where
dialog: would I conceal illegal material.
speaker_heading: _ DUPONT
dialog: If you had meased your Librium interval.
dialog: Tf you were ... a Sense Offender ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yes Sir, ef acurse, Sir.
text: DuPont considers Kim with bright, intelligent eyes.
speaker_heading: . DUBONT
dialog: You were senior officer on an
dialog: Apprehension and Recovery today?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: ¥es Sar. In the restricted sone.
speaker_heading: OUPONT
dialog: It was paintings this fime was ic not?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yes Sir.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: And the result was?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Combustion, Sir. Ag always.
speaker_heading: ° UPON
dialog: Kew did you feel about that?
text: Preston blinks at him a confused moment .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Paga 13
dialog: . .
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I'm... sorry. I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: How did you feel - watching those oy
text: paincings burning. Sublimaring eway ince
dialog: invisible gas - never again to be laid
dialog: upon By human #yes.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: (stall confusad!
dialog: I... didn’t feel anything - Lwas just
dialog: doing my Joh.
speaker_heading: - DUPONT
dialog: Yes ... yes, of course you were.
text: He considers a moment. Refocuses on Preston,
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: You're a family man? Ohildren ... 7
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: A bey anda girl, Sir. The bey is in the
text: mongstery - on path to becoming a Cleric.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Very gomd - and... the nother?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: My spous® was arrested and incinerated
dialog: for Sense Offense four years age, Sir.
speaker_heading: BOGPONT
dialog: Iosee. By yourself?
text: Preston hasitates a micro-instant.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Mo Sir. By another.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Really? How did you come to misg it?
speaker_heading: PRESTO
dialog: I... I've asked myself that same
dialog: question, Sir. I... I don‘t know.
text: DuPont focuses on him vary intently for a deep moment.
speaker_heading: . DUPONT
dialog: Bo net let your vigilance flag, Cleric.
dialog: You may stil] be neadad in this battle.
dialog: Something in. the very specific way he says it gives Preston 4
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ar
dialog: 
dialog: Page 14
dialog: twinge. He node...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yes Sir. :
text: DuPont waves a hand, dismissing him, Preston hesitates ah
text: instant - then turns sharply on his heel and walka out.
scene_heading: ERT. PALACE OF JUSTICE
text: Halfway down the palatial ateps, he drifts to a stop,
text: blinking into the space before him.
text: Remembering something.
scene_heading: INT. DESK SFACE - HALL OF ENFORCEMENT - NIGHT
text: Empty this time of night. Preston sits watching DIGITAL
text: REPLAY of Fhe cay vide back from the Apprehension and
text: Recovery ¢n his desk monitor.
speaker_heading: PRESTOK'S IMAGE
dialog: Every time we make this driva into the
dialog: einy - dt hice me
dialog: (nods)
dialog: How very far we've come.
speaker_heading: PARTRIOGE'S IMAGE
dialog: We have?
text: Freezing it - he plays Partridce’s quiet line again.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE'S IMAGE
dialog: We have?
text: His face ila turned partially from the camera. Preston consider
text: Then SWITCHES to surveillance replay from the STADIUM.
speaker_heading: PRESTON’ & IMAGE
dialog: Easy. No one here means you any Farm.
speaker_heading: MAN'S IMAGE
dialog: Well they should!
text: POW! he fires another shet aver the crowd.
text: Praston Fraszes the image. Nena of the Enforcers or people
text: -in the backoreund have moved or started in the siightest.
dialog: Except one. .
text: Preston tooms in on the grainy image of tha ong man who, with
text: 4 look of diseimct alarm, has reached fer hie gun.
text: Partridge. Afraid fer his partner - Draston's - life.
dialog: 
dialog: ae
dialog: th
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 15
text: Praston ponders this very human reackion, frazen on his
text: screen, for a long, very dark time.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT 5
text: He stands before a LOCKER marked ‘Partridge’ . Feels with his
text: fingers the tumbler that locke it.
text: With a crowbar, he cracks it open.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Preston stands crowded into the dimly lit hall with a TEAM OF
text: ENFORCERS. Ha knocks sharply at the door.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Cleric Partridge! Open: up/
text: Nothing. He mods to the Enfarcement Team who blows cff the
text: hinges and gues atreaming in.
scene_heading: INT. FARTRIDGE'S ADSARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Preston steng the living unit as the search team flows in
text: arcund him - moving into the back rooms to tear it bo pieces.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR = NIGHT
text: Sounds of the catastrophic search coing on in the apertment
text: Behind, Preston fades cut inte the hall.
text: He pauses, feeling the air - commind mg with it. His ayes fall
text: on the LIGHT FIXTURE - the only Prominent abject in the
text: otherwise featureless hallway.
text: Moving IMMIITIVELY to it, he touches it. Feeling ite
text: leoseness, he twists it sideways ...
text: Revealing, lying hidden in the space in the wall behind it. a
text: huge supply of unused Librium.
text: Preston stares at his partner's death warrant.
scene_heading: EXT. GATS 34-8 - WIGHT
text: A smal] CONVOY of VEHICLES pulls to the towering edifice of
text: GATE 34-b te the unlit darkness of the Zone.
text: The Armed Guard snaps ta attention.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You confirm he came through this gate
dialog: ‘this evening?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ar
dialog: 
dialog: Fage 16
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Yes Sir. Qur records show §:10 P.M. And
dialog: Sir... :
text: He hesitates. *
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Speak.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Well Sir, we assumed it was Enfercement
dialog: related. He's been coming through every
dialog: night for the last two weeks ...
text: Preston absorbs thig a mortal beat. Putting the window back
text: up, he waves toa the drivar and the convey-rolls past, under
text: the keen gaze of a SWEEPER CREW in ite distinctive white
text: uniforms, and through the massive gates of 34-8,
scene_heading: EXT, THE ZONE - NIGHT
text: The car sits, just the idle rumble of its ignition in the
text: Silence of 4 great empty intersection in the unlit dead city. .
text: BRANDT, Preston's freshly assicned partner, a HANDSOME YOUNG
text: MAN, sits in the shadews of the driver’s saar.
text: He locks to Preston - an eagerness in hig eyes.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I hope you're as pleased to be assigned
dialog: me as I am for the placement. I'm told
dialog: it‘s a career-making advancement.
text: Preston says noching, silently surveying the abandoned city.
text: Byes sifting through the silhouetres of the buildings.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Mot that it's the only reason I‘m pleased
dialog: to be here. You're tha most intuitive of
dialog: tha Grammaton Clerics. Everyone knows it.
dialog: I’m intuitive too. IT gan laarm from you.
dialog: How te focus. 8a that I mise no detail. .
dialog: So thet I know when they're fealing
dialog: before tney even know it themselves /..
text: A long beat, Finally, quietly, Preston speaks. Nedding
text: tewards the dazk aspires af a great, DEAQ CATHEDRAL caught in
text: the distant moonlight.
speaker_heading: , " PRESTON
text: He's there.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Fage 1?
dialog: 4
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL - ZONE - NIGHT
text: Roreal cathedral - a still-standing relic from ages-gone-by.
text: FARTRIDGE sits in the front pew, candles lit on either sive,
text: reading a DOG-EARED PAPERBACK. The great cathedral doors
text: behind him creak open. :
text: His eyaa neither rise nor turn ... only continuing to read as
text: che footeteps approach achoing down the aizle.
text: PRESTON steps alene in front of big partner.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: You always knaw. You just couldn’t bring
dialog: yourself te admit it.
text: With che tip of fis GUN, Preston raises the cover of the
text: book. THE FOBTRY OF YEATS.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Ever had the pleasure ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Have you lost your mind.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: (raads]
dialog: But 7, being poor, have oniy my dreams;
dialog: ZI have spread my dreams under pour feet:
dialog: Tread soitiy bacaues you tread on my dreams.
dialog: flecks up}
dialog: to assume you dream, Preston?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You've got to come with me.
text: Partridge only Looks back at hin, spattered in the colored
text: moonlight splintering down through the cathedral’s great,
text: brosen STAINED GLASS WHEEL.
speaker_heading: . PARTRIDGE
dialog: Hew can you be immune te it, John?
text: Presten logke up to the great window. Back. Immune to it.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You have ta comé with me. I/11 de what I
dialog: can to see they go easy on you.
speaker_heading: * "PARTRIDGE
dialog: We both know - they mever go easy on
dialog: anybody.
text: A steady silence as the two men regard each other in the
dialog: Page 18
text: flickering eandlelight.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: {finally}
dialog: Then I’m sorry. +
text: But Partridge just sadiy shakes his head.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Ne. You're net. You don’t even know the
dialog: meaning. It's just a vestigial word for
dialog: a feeling you've never felt.
text: Preston is silent.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Don't you gee, Preston - it’s gone.
dialog: Everything that makes us¢ewhak we are;
dialog: traded away.
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
dialog: I’m what I am. There‘s no war. Wo murder.
text: Paztridge searches his eyes through the colored gloom.
speaker_heading: . PARTRIDGE
dialog: Woat is it you think we do?
dialog: 
text: A hard silence. Preston's teath grinding. Anyone elee would
dialog: be Gead already.
speaker_heading: : FRESTON
dialog: You're Wrong. You've been with me; you've
text: geen now it can bé. Jealousy and rage.
dialog: Anger. Hate...
text: Slowly, sadly, silently, Partridge nods.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: A very heavy cost
text: His hand FALLS to a DARK OBJECT in his lap...
speaker_heading: : PARTRIDGE
dialog: I pay it gladly ...
text: Preston dees, in the moonlight'a celorad glint, that the
text: ebject ig PARTRIDGE'S GUN. His hand resting om ir ...
text: Preston pulls his own qun up in line with Partridge’s myas.
text: Those eyes look past the gin - up inte his own eyes.
text: Bs Then Partridge raises the open book. Between their eyes ...
text: Ending the conversation. Forever.
dialog: 
dialog: ar
dialog: a
dialog: 7
dialog: 
dialog: Page 13
dialog: a
text: In his lap, his thumb ¢lick! cocks back the hammer on his
dialog: gun. An @ternal moment ...
text: POY! Preascon puts a bullet throvgh the book. His friend
text: erumples behind it in che muted enlar of the shadows. ‘
text: Preston looks for a moment at the dark form of his former
text: partner and friend huddled in the pew before him.
text: Ari Seals a strange, unsettling chill.
text: Something, soma etranga, distant voices knocking on the door
dialog: ef his wiconseiots,
text: Turning, he sess a DARK FIGURE standing in the doorway of the
text: cathedral - watching him. That figure takes one step forward
text: inte the splintered mecnlight.
text: BRANDT. A feral excitement in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. PRESTON'S QUARTERS - NIGHT
dialog: The ear polis te a step at the eurh befare che concrete
text: bunker bhat comprises the fen chousand unit building that
text: containg the cubicle that Preston lives in.
text: Peeeton steps out. Brandt's vaice floats out of the car.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Cleric ...
text: Presion glances momentarily back. Brandt‘’sa eyes are’ bright.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I could only hope to one day be as
dialog: uncompromising ag you.
text: And, pulling the door shut, he drives off. Preston watches
text: aiter him a moment. Within him, something... not quite right.
scene_heading: IST. PRESTON'S UNTT - NIGHT
text: ATEN YEAR-OLD BOY, dressed in the severe black uniform of
text: the CLERIC YOUTH, the same uniform of the children at the
text: ptadium, sits at che kitchen table working from schooltexts,
text: Om a TELEVISION, o MAN speaks frankly into the camera,
speaker_heading: TELEVISION /MAN
dialog: io am Father.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION/MAN
dialog: You are Father.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: AL.
dialog: 
dialog: Page 20
dialog: 4
text: And changes - seamlessly - inca a WOMAN.
scene_heading: TELEVISION / WOMAN .
dialog: He je Father, We are Father. 4
text: Then a boy.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION/20Y
dialog: She is Facher. ‘They are Father.
text: Whe becomes a young girl.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION/GIRL
dialog: Father is Everywhere. —
dialog: Thes# are the FACEE OF LIBRIA, always changing, alwaye
dialog: playand, everywhere, all the time.;
text: As Preston comes through the door, the boy, his TEN YEAR-OLD
dialog: SON, ROBEIE, legke up. :
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Lisa's asleep?
speaker_heading: ROBEIZ
dialog: Yes. For about ean hour.
text: Frascton neds, hanging up his enat. deging flipping through
dialog: the mail. : .
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: School, how was it?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Good, thank you. Work?
text: Preston pauses, realizing the boy is watching him, intently
dialog: dnteresced in anything he might tell about his day.
text: And he is struck - by how oddly hard it is to say ..,
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: My partner stopped taking his Dose. He
dialog: had to be destroyed.
text: The boy perks.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You? By you?
text: The thinnest beat.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ae
dialog: 
dialog: Fage 21
text: . Robbie looks back at him - eyes bright.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I'm very proud. +
dialog: Preston dogsn't know why - but saying this next word feals
text: like climbing a mountain.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Wife long gone, Freston lies down on one side of a bed made
text: for two. The other side vacant.
text: He stares at the wall for a long time before closing his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAWN
dialog: Hig eyas blink opan. Dawn.
text: ‘Finding mimeelf still crawded onte hie side of the bed. It's .
dialog: the way he hag slept every night since hie wife was taker.
dialog: But, for some reason, this morning - he notices ic.
text: be makes his way inte the tiny nachroom. Just a sink, a
text: todlet and a small personal maintenance mirror.
text: Opening # drawar, ha pulls cut his BOSE CASE and, flipping it
text: open, withdvaws tha ampule tarked MORNING 6/17.
dialog: Ha sete it on the counter and bende te brush his teath when a
text: tinkling crash brings his eyes up.
text: He sees, to his surprise, that, with his arm, he hes knocked
text: the morning's dosage off the counter onte the concrete floor.
text: It lies thern - shattered. He stares for 4 moment ak the
text: TINY POOL af liquid and glass on the floor.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: What are you doing?
text: He tuims, startled. ROBBIE atanda there in his uniform,
text: already ready to go Eo school. The boy's eyes move to the
text: pool of amber and glass oo the floor.
text: Shaet ing charply back up to his father's.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE woo
dialog: Io said what are you daing?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 22
dialog: . .
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Zo... EF accidentally dropped my morning
dialog: interval. I...
dialog: fperplexed) .
dialog: Ioteok it out before I brushed my teeth... 4
text: He looks at the boy, somewhat haffled.
scene_heading: : . FRESTON .
dialog: I never take it out before I brush my teeth ...
text: The ten year-old holde on him a narrow moment.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: ef course you'll go by Equilibrium, leg
dialog: the leas and get a replacement ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yes. Of course.
text: The bey lingers an instant tonger - then, satisfied, leavas.
text: Freston’s #yes retuim to the enigmatic amber pool #vaporating
text: pif his bathreem floor.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: of course ...
scene_heading: ENT. KITCHEN - MORNING
text: ‘When Preston enters, Rebbie and Preston’s SVEN YEAR-OLD
text: DAUGHTER LISK are already sitting eating breakfast.
text: Creston sits down tp his food.
speaker_heading: . ROBBIE
dialog: Thiea came.
text: He hands his father a piece of PAPER.
speaker_heading: ROBATE
dialog: 4A Senae Offender here in the city. Your
dialog: partner's to pick you up at 16 for the
speaker_heading: AiR.
text: Preston holds on the boy who is beaming. He nods
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Thanks ...
text: And, for some reason unable to hold his son‘s eyes, his own
text: move to hig daughter Lisa whe, bored, is amusing herself by
text: skeirring her cereal and watching it swirl around the bowl.
text: ROBBIE, seeing Preston watching his sister, immediately Fixes
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 23
dialog: 
text: the girl with a dark look.
speaker_heading: ROHEIE
dialog: Step that.
dialog: : ‘*
text: fhe girl looks furtively to her father ... Shen returns to
text: eating with the sama machanical torpor as her brother.
scene_heading: THT. PUPONT’S OFFICES ~- MORNING:
text: Preston stands before VICE COUNCIL DUPONT who is making
text: hand-written netes.
speaker_heading: BUPONT
dialog: This is strictly routines, you
dialog: understand...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: © do uncerstand, of course.
speaker_heading: DOPONT
dialog: You encountered your partner, Errol
text: Partridge within a cathedral in the
dialog: yesttictad searay ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: That's correct.
speaker_heading: DOPONT
dialog: Hew would you deseribe hie state of mind?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: ‘He wag ... amationsl.
speaker_heading: BUPORT
dialog: {glances up}
dialog: Emotional?
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: He was ..,
dialog: : (thinks!
dialog: +> Net making rational decisions. He
dialog: was, I Believe, governed by ... pageiong.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Se you shot pin.
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: Destruction is che penalty for cessation
dialog: of the Dose. The penalty for fesling.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Unquestionably. But priey co destruction
dialog: could he not conceivably havea heen
text: interrogated by more systematic, by more
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 24
dialog: a
dialog: - clinical means here at the Palace of
dialog: duetice? Potentially leading to ¢rucial
dialog: evidence? Possibly aven confederatas?
text: Preston hesitates an instant. Partridge? ‘Clinical’ 4
text: interrogation? He feels a flush of confusion.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I... felt he world oot come willingly. .
dialog: It was Likely that damage to either
dialog: ‘myself or my backup would have reaulted,
speaker_heading: FOPCNT
dialog: . (considering)
dialog: Yes ... yes ... and, jm any cage, I
dialog: Suppose somsthing like thay could not
dialog: have been easy in the firs: place ...-
dialog: !
speaker_heading: PREETON
dialog: {eff quard)
dialog: I'm... 80rzy?
speaker_heading: DUFONT
dialog: Shooting this man, Wher you'd spent so
dialog: much time with. He was what you might
dialog: call a friend, was he nek?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: thesitates)
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Please - speak openly. What did you feel?
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: (hardening)
dialog: I felt ne@thing. .
text: Atter 4 studied moment, DuPont sita back.
speaker_heading: DOUPOXT
dialog: You've ait O'clock Arrest and Recovery?
text: Preston is surprised.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yes Sir, I was just informed this moraing.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Then 1 suppose you'd better hurry - that
dialog: is, if you expect cto make the Hall of
dialog: Equilibrium first.
text: Preston is doubly startled. DuPont emilés faintly.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Pact 25
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: There's very Little I don’t know,
dialog: Preston.
text: Preston hesipates an instant, coming to grips with it - chen,
text: with an abrupt nod and a click of his heels, he nods, turns
text: and heads for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. HALL OF EQGUILI&RIUM - DAY
text: Preston pauses on the sidewalk outside the maseive Frite |
text: Langian edifice - deeply engraved with the sclemn words BALL
text: GF EQUILIBRIUM and the motte ‘Librium eft Libertas’.
text: Is's masa ively gtark concrete columna rising upwards,
text: susulders upon which the mighty building sits.
dialog: . t
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF EQUILIBRIUM - DAY :
text: Frescon stands in line. On either side, as far up and as far
text: down as he can see, streteh similar lines. Multitudes of
dialog: people. Waiting fo get their Librium replacements.
text: On tanitors lining the wall - the changing faces of Libria...
speaker_heading: FACES OF LIBRTA
dialog: You are Father; We are Father; Father is
dialog: Everywhere . 2.
text: He glances at his watch. Shifts impatiently. Looks around.
text: Mo one oise seems impatient. He glances at his wateh again.
dialog: Aimest ten.
text: The ling movas one person closer to the windew. Two more
text: people and he‘ll finally be there. He glances at hia watch
text: again. Still almest ten. The line moves one forward.
text: Abruptly, he steps out of the queue and heads for the doors.
text: A PROCTOR encounters him before he has made a dozen steps.
speaker_heading: FROCTOR
dialog: Sir, is everything okay?
speaker_heading: PRESTON -
dialog: {quickly}
dialog: No, no, everything's fine. I'm just
dialog: late. I'm kate ...
text: H@ steps around the Proctct, walking backward towards the
text: dears now as he continues to explain, tapping his watch ...
speaker_heading: . . FRESTON
dialog: bate. I'll be back later ...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 26
dialog: ‘
text: and he is gone. Leaving the Proctor staring curiously after.
scene_heading: EXT. HALL OF EQUILIBRIUM - DAY
text: hs Preston comes down the eteps, a CAR skids up to the cusk,
text: passenger door swinging open. BRANDT ig hehine the wheel.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Just in time - hep in.
text: Preston, surprised, locks into the car for a mement. Then,
dialog: without much choice, ne gets in. .
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Brandt guides the car inte traffic.
speaker_heading: BRANDT,
dialog: How're the lines? .
text: Presten leoks at him - what?
speaker_heading: BRANCT
dialog: The linea. They're always terrible at
dialog: that place. I'm surprised you were able
dialog: to get your dose and ger our 50 quickly.
text: yeston hepitates, Suratisec at how much he knows.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: They were ... they ware Fine.
text: Modding, Brandt reaches ingide his coat, pulling out his GUN
text: and chetking it as he drives. .
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Maybe T'11 drop by later. I got om the
dialog: scale this morning. Do you know I’ve
dialog: lest nearly 20 pounds in the last #8
dialog: months? Waturally, I’11 want to go by
dialog: and have my Dose adjusted.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Well pou ... shouldn't have much prebleno,
text: He watches as Brandt snaps his gun closed, rehelstering it.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Expecting resistance?
text: Brandt locke at him. Snilep thinly.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: That's sodething you'11 find me, Cleric.
dialog: I'm 4 wary person,. Cautious by nature.
dialog: Always expecting the worst.
dialog: Page 27
dialog: 4
scene_heading: wt INT. ROUSE - LIBRIA - DAY
text: 84M! a deor explodes inward aff its hinges ag the BATTERING
text: RAM TEAMS make way for PRESTON and BRANDT entering the ‘ouse.
dialog: ?
dialog: 
text: Preston 16 imm@diately accosted by a FURIOUS DARK-HAIRED
text: WOMAN coming at him dewn the hall
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You cam’k do this! You cangoc do this!
text: Preston brushes past her.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: We're TetraGrammaten; there’s nothing we
dialog: can’t da. -
text: Her eyes go dark and she CHARGES hia.
speaker_heading: WOMB
dialog: You son of a Bitch!
text: He easily ducks har charge and, grabbing her, twists her arm
text: around behind her, growling into her ear. :
speaker_heading: PRESTCH
dialog: How long Save you bean off the poser
dialog: 
text: She deasn't anéwer, shaking with emotion and anger.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Leask af you.
text: He spins her around by her twisted arm to face an omate
text: UNREGISTERED MIRROR in the hall.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Leck at you!
text: i. . Taey both stand there, in the illegal airror’s reflection.
text: , His face looking over her shoulder. and hers, flushed with
text: emorion, strands of wavy dark hair drifting wildly into
text: blazing eyes ... lips red. full ...
text: Preston catches himself staring at her ...
text: Abruptly, he releases her. Suddeniy finding that he cannot
text: held her eyes any longer. All he can think to mumble is...
speaker_heading: “PRESTON
dialog: Look at you...
text: oe And Leaving her in Brandt’s custody, he ahruptly turna and
text: moves inte the house. Srandt watcHea after him. Curiously.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ac
dialog: th
dialog: qe
dialog: Page 22
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - OAY
text: Preston moves Ehrough tha house, searching, feeling ...
text: Brandt trails with the captive woman and several officers.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You live here alone?
dialog: Fuming, she saya nothing.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Whe else da you know who's ceased thair
dialog: Librium interval?
speaker_heading: . WOMAN
dialog: Fuck you, how's that?
text: Preston just neds. He can play it thac way tee. He begins
text: measuring off ons of the walls with measured foovsteps ....
scene_heading: INT. HALL - DAY
text: They follow him into the hall as he continusa, measuring the
dialog: well as he goes ... :
scene_heading: INT. ROOM = DAY
text: And into the next room where he wraps around the doortrane,
text: Measuring the distance te the wall. He turns ta Brande and
text: the Woman. Looxing at hey particularly.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Intezesting.
text: the Woman bitterly says nothing. Clearly there is more
text: distance between che rooma than there is wall between them.
text: Prearon neds to the wall of the room.
speaker_heading: . . PRESTON
dialog: Tear it down.
text: The Demolition Team jumps te it with jackhammers, knocking
text: down the flimsy faux wall in a matter of geconds. A moment
text: later; through a ragged bole, Preston steps into...
scene_heading: THT. ROOM - DAY
text: AO HIDDEN ROOM. Instantly, tha eye is assaulted with the
text: uncustemary.sengation ef COLOR. THINGS, jumbled everywhers.
text: Teddy Bears, pictures, paintings, posters, wall paper,
text: collages, toys, upbholatered furniture...
text: Everything that ‘incites sensation, feeling, emotion.
dialog: Everything we take for granted. Everything forbidden.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 29
dialog: .
text: Tne collage of an entire life, stuffed into one Ciny reon.
text: The three of them, Preston, Brandt and the Woman -. stand
text: Silencly in the clearing dust.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (finally)
dialog: You're going te burn it, arent you -..
speaker_heading: PRESTON , -
dialog: Eventually. Howavar, you cocldn’r have
dialog: accumulated al] this py yourself. It
dialog: will all be gorted and axamined. By
dialog: means of clues and evidenca - wa'il
dialog: discover wha your confederates are.
text: The Woman stands there a etark moment, chest rising and
text: falling ... Abrupciy, she grabs! the gun of the nearest
text: Enforcer and sping it around on Preston.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: The Officer dives for her end Brandt's own gun snaps out.
text: But Preston knocks! Hrandt agide even ag his gun gues off,
text: shot Firing wide, punching’ a small anole inte the becuciful,
text: textured wallpaper.
text: There is a ringing moment. ‘then, regaining his feat, Brande
text: looks at Preston like he wae crazy. Preston looks from the
text: thwarted Woman sitting pinned againes the wall, eyes afire,
dialog: to Brande.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: We neeo her.
dialog: is all he can say.
scene_heading: INT. INTERRGGATION ROOM - HALL OF ENFORCEMENT - DAY
text: Preston sits across from the Woman in a windowless room.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Bo you have a name?
text: She is silent. Staring sterily into the space between them.
speaker_heading: PRESTOR
dialog: Tt doesn't matcer, you know. You're to
dialog: be tuken to the Palace of Justice from
dialog: here. Where, I’m sure you know, few
text: questions remain unanswered.
text: She remains mute, defiant!
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
dialog: That... fragrance. Why do you do it?
dialog: Why de you mur it on yoursell?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 36
text: She responds again with imperial silence. Reaching inte the
text: pocket of his coat, he removes - small, beautiful, ornate -
text: an ART DECO PERFUME DECANTER, taken from her house.
dialog: ; +
text: He sets it between Chem.
text: Her eyes hold on it perhaps a millisecond tou long. A baat.
text: Preston pushes the emall treasure across to her.
text: An instant of struggle. She takes it, cradling its familier
dialog: weight in her hands. ,
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: What's your name?
text: She stares at che object in her hands another moment before
dialog: drawing 4 deep Breath. t
speaker_heading: WOMAH
dialog: OtErien ... Mary.
speaker_heading: - PRESTON
dialog: Well Mary, you can either wait and tell
dialog: the technicians at the Palace of Juetice,
dialog: Gr you can tell me now - who are your
dialog: friends?
text: Her eyes rise. Looking back at him for the first time.
text: Impossibly steady.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (finally)
dialog: I‘m wondering - if you have any idea at
dialog: all what the word "fxiend" means.
text: Preston tightens an imperceptible instant - Fartridge and
text: DuPent comiog back to hin. His composure recrystallices,
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Theres nothing you don'r feel?
text: She only looks back at him.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Guilt?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: TE I've done something wrong. But I
dialog: haven't.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You've taken it upon yourself to cease
dialog: your interval. You've broken the law.
dialog: 
dialog: Page 31
dialog: a
speaker_heading: MARY |
dialog: What law would that be? The lew of nature
dialog: says J should fael. ‘That every atom of
dialog: me was buiit for it. It's a crime I
dialog: Gon't use chemicals to crush myself? To y
dialog: stop myselE from feeling because you're
dialog: afraid what I feel might be dangerous?
speaker_heading: PRESTOW .
dialog: Excuse M@, AT#® You at al) aware...
speaker_heading: MARY .
dialog: (stepping on him)
dialog: "Of tha history of suffering grown cut of
dialog: the epetional nature of Man'? The
dialog: Manifest Doctrinals: Man's inhumanity te
dialog: Man - all Secause he can hate and lust -
dialog: Tage and covet. - t
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You sptak as though it‘s somehow
dialog: inacaurate. Do you deny he's tortured,
dialog: mutilated his way through his existence?
dialog: That until Librium genocide had been the
dialog: very legend of Man?
dialog: She fs silenr.
speaker_heading: PRESTOY
dialog: Look at you - a blister. Fear, anxiety -
dialog: you like that; feeling that?.
text: She considers him a calm beat. Leans across the table.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Let me ask you something ...
text: And, startlingly, she reaches forward and grasps one of his
text: hands ince her own. Her ¢yes looking inta his.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why are you alive?
text: Within Fresten, for reasons he can't even understand, every
text: atom of his being electrifies.
text: He quickly pulls his hand back from here, flustered. Trying
dialog: tm cover -..
speaker_heading: . , PRESTON
dialog: I'm alive ... UT liva because ...
text: He heaitates again, finally managing ...
dialog: —_
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: As 2 cleric and citizen = have function.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What function?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: to ... safeguard the continuity of this,
dialog: This Great Society. Ta sexve Libria.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's circular. You exlet to continue
dialog: your existence. What's the peine?
text: He lesks at her a long moment, pulse finally calming.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: What's the point of your-existencte?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: To feel. Because you've never done it,
dialog: you.can never know it. But it’s af vical
dialog: as breath. And without it, without love,
dialog: without anger, sorrow - breath is just a
dialog: elack - biaking.
text: Preston considers her another long moment.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: And you're willing, by virtue of your own
dialog: selfishness, to be a seed in the downfall
dialog: of a functioning society?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I‘m willing ts be a lec mere than the
dialog: seed, Iocan teil you. Im willing to be
dialog: the endl, I'm willing to be the sun - the
dialog: wery water - if necessary.
text: 4 tlummexed beac frem Preston.
speaker_heading: , PRESTON :
dialog: Then I have no choice but to remand you
dialog: te the Palece of Justice for processing.
text: She sites back with a wry emile.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: “Brocessing"? You mean execution don’t
dialog: yau.
text: He looks back at her impassively across the cable.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Processing.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 33
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF EQUILIBRIUM - DAY
text: BRANDT stands impatiently in the long line to the dose
dialog: window. He's got a waye te go and he's not happy about Sy
text: He stops & passing PROCTOR.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Twas told the lines were short today.
speaker_heading: PROCTOR .
dialog: I’m sorry, Sir - there hasn't been less
dialog: than an hour’s wait all day-
text: He walks off, leaving Brandt watching after, a number of
text: thoughts occurring behind his grey eyes.
scene_heading: INT. SRESTORK'’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT,
text: Prastom sits with his children in the living room, On the
dialog: velevision, the Faces of Libria_
speaker_heading: FACES OF LIBRIA
dialog: You are Father; She igs Father; Father is
dialog: Everywhere ...
text: He is attempting ta read crom a thick volume entitled The
text: Manifesto, while Rohbie and Lisa do homewnrk.
text: But he cannot. Fidgety. Rastless. Something bubbling
dialog: inside him that will not, no matter how hard he-tries, allow
text: him to focus on the reading of the bnak.
text: Finally, unable to take it, he slaps it shut.
text: His children lock sharply we. He hesitates ... finally:
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: (Robhie}
dialog: You ... reported my breakage this
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I didn’t, I*m sorry. I forgot.
text: Preston nods. Swallows imperceptibly. Then, not knowing
dialog: what els® to do with himself, be rises.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Et’s okay. I chink I'll ... qo te bed.
text: And he walks quickly aut. Rebbie and Lisa exchange a narraw
dialog: glance.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Fage 34
dialog: +
scene_heading: IG. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Stark, Preston faces himself in the mirror in his bathrocm.
text: Tezens of thoughts rushing wibeckoned through his head.
text: impulsively, he pushes his fingers hehind the mizror and +
text: eracks the mirror away from its aging glue on the wall,
text: Behind it, a cavity - BuE no camera ...
text: He looks around - eyes falling on the light fixture. He
text: unserews it. Nothing .
dialog: Eyes Ecanning the bathroom again. Nothing. Ne other place a
dialog: camera could he. So how did DuPont know ...
text: His eyas fall on his DOSE CASE.
dialog: t
text: Opening it, he removes the vial marked for this night.
text: Raising the small amber vial alefe to the dim bere hulb
text: above, he stares up inte its goldness. Long and deep. Lost
dialog: in it.
dialog: Librium.
text: Abruptly, for reasons he does nor know, he puts it beck in
text: its ¢ase and, turing off the light, he exits to the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CAWH
text: Preston awakens with a gftart. Heart pounding, face aglickensd
text: with swaat. He nad been dreaming, 3a locks around, chest
text: rising and falling dramatically - confused. Panicked,
text: Raising his hand to his chest, he touches his breast bone.
text: He.can literally feel his haart pounding inside him.
dialog: .. He has never felt these feelings ... any feelings.
text: Rising, he goes to the window, scratching away the thin,
text: translucent paper that covers ali windowa in Libria.
text: He peers out acrese the stark, powerful geometry of Libria‘s
text: rootteps where the light of the sun is breaking. Dawn.
scene_heading: BET. ROOFTOP - DAWN
text: A few shoves and the unused reoitep door shudders opan,
dialog: allowing Preston onto the rocf, He has never been up hare
dialog: before. Ne one has, really.
text: Drawn, he drifts cowards the reof‘s edge. Stering out at the
text: great red rim of che SUN as it rises above the horizon, He
text: gazes, mesmerized, as though he had never seen it before.
dialog: oslo
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page
dialog: . a
dialog: And, in fact, taype he hasn't. Mot really wee
text: And it moves him. Sa much so that a TEAR breaka waprovoked
text: out of bis eye, rolling down his cheek. Trembling, his
text: finger comés up tea touch it. He leoks at the unfamiliar 5
text: moisture budded on his fingertip ...
text: Confused ... Mind beginning to turmoil] ... Turning, he run
scene_heading: InT. £fAIRWELL - DAWN ° -
text: Tearing down the stairwell.
scene_heading: Int. BRESTON'S ABARTMENT - DAWN
text: Bursting back into his cubicle. Only to encounter LISA
text: headed down the hall from the bathroom. The girl turns,
text: Surtvised te see her Father framed in the doorway, panting.
speaker_heading: LISA.
dialog: Dad ... ?
text: Preston stares at the girl a moment, caught completely off
text: guard, at a less foc words, Finally, he manages to get out
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Go back ... go back tao bed...
text: She holds on him a beat ... then, with a shrug, she does.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAWN
text: Ee bursts into the hathreem, quickly closing the door and
text: fumbling for his Li8RIUM CASE with shaking hands.
text: Getting if open, he snatches out che morning’s dose, loadii
text: it into the pnaumatic syringe as quickly as his trembling
text: fingers can manage, thrusting it to his neck ..-
text: But before he pushes the button that will release the
text: seething amber fluid into his carotid artery, and shut off
dialog: this unendurable agsault of emotion
text: He catches SIGHT of himself im the mirror.
text: Raggard, poeumati¢c injector to his mack...
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY PLATPORM - MORNING
text: Preston stands with the hundreds of other morning commter
text: waiting on the platferm for the subway.
text: His eyes travel, searching these around him. A hiss af
text: hydraulics, the train pulle up and the crowd turns liquid
text: lowing in threngh the open doors.
dialog: 
dialog: ar
dialog: ar
dialog: Page 36
dialog: 4
text: Preston is the last to board. A cracking sound from under
text: his shoe as he steps off the platform and onto the train.
text: Two TINY GLASS VIALS left <rushed and unnoticed on the
dialog: concrete platform. 5
scene_heading: INT, SUBWAY - MORMING
text: The throng rides in pondersus silence. No person spaaking.
text: ne person looking at any other. Ali juak sitting in their
text: unquestioned contentment.
text: All but PRESTON, whose eyes move gecratly from face to face.
text: From the elderly woman next to him. Toa the young man. To
text: the pretty woman - drinking in thair detail. Lika a vampire,
dialog: Every wrinkle, every contour, the shane of each hand, che
text: length of each eyelash never before noticed. Seeing far the
dialog: izst time beauty ... and ucliness, Fascinated.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - MORNING
text: He waike through the torning ehyang - outwardly eslm,
text: emotionless - but ingide, his haart a torrent of emotion, 2
text: weyitable hurricane raging inside of him.
text: Making him fez the first time unsure how to hele his nedy.
text: Uneceruain what to do with his eyes. Fearful at avery instant
dialog: that he will give himsel? away.
scene_heading: INT. WEWSPAPSER STAND - MORNING
text: He seeks refuge at a newspaper stand. Relieved. Like a man
text: hiding in plain sight, he picks up a paper and pretends ta
text: read - trying to calm his racing heart.
text: He risks a glance up. Finds himself étaring into the eyes of
text: another man at the stand - staring right back at. him,
dialog: and in that instant, Preston knows, fhis man ig feeling too!
text: And it sgareg the shit out of him. Orepping the paper, he
text: turd and walke away ag quickly ps he can.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY
text: Until he can stand it no longer - and his retreating stride
text: disintegrates into a run. He runs. And runs. Finballing
text: through the crowd, people turning after him as he passes ...
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY '- DAY .
text: Finally finding a Breathless, heaart-pounding refuge in a grim
text: alley. He buries hie face in his bende - tormented Py a
text: thousand colliding amotions.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Fage 37
dialog: a
text: Then, suddenly, everything comes welling up ingide him. He
text: WOMITS forcefully onta the alley Floor. Remaining there,
text: shaking, choking.
scene_heading: TNT. HALL CF ENFORCEMENT - MORNING 5
text: Lika a shattered puzzle, Preston has tentatively pieced his
text: composure. back together. He steps inte the busy station.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Good morning Cleric. |
text: Preston manages a tight, curt ned ag he pagees.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Good morning ...
text: The Officer glances up, looking after Him a curious momant.
scene_heading: INT, CLERIC DESKS - DAY
text: Preston site at his desk. Heart still peunding like a
dialog: jackhammer.
text: His eyee fall on the desk. Seeing fc for the first time as
dialog: . uningpired. Things placed in perfect ordes, yee ... but
dialog: Tet ... inspired.
text: Without even realizing it, he begins rearranging the items on
dialog: it. Rearranging them to suit, wll ... his inclination.
text: Turning the stapler at an angie, putting the paperclip
text: hoider, the phone, slightly askew.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Preston looks sharply up. BRANDT stands there, eying him.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (repeacs)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
text: I'm... rearranging my desk.
text: Brandt stands there the slightest instant - considering him.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You didn't like bhe way it was before?
text: Preston looks back at the other man. Is he testing him?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I had no feelings about it. I'm merely
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: aE
dialog: 
dialog: *
dialog: attemphing ta optimize.
text: Brandt continues locking at him anocher moment. Then nods,
text: ae though satisfied with the answer. He tosses a square of
text: Peper onto the desk. *
speaker_heading: BRANDT .
text: Sense Offenders. Holed up in Y-Bloc.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - TRE ZONE - DAY
text: CHAOS. Madness. GUNSHOTS. Screams.
text: An overgrown bur quaint houses in the Zone.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
dialog: it ig absolute insanity ag the Enforcement Teams fight cheir
text: way throogh the dark twisting shadeys of the house, trying to
text: take it hall by ball like a etrest Five-fight.
text: Thair gunfire is retumed, muzzle-Zlashes in emoke. Brand,
text: ducking behind a wall, yells te Preston a few feet to the.
dialog: rear.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I'm going Eo qol Cover me!
text: Abrunciy, a MAN, a Sense Offender, domas flying around the
text: comer, SCREAMING like a banshee, waving a qun. He slams
text: Past Branct and rung right inte Preston's arms.
text: BLAM! Brandt's gun barks and the man goes limp in Preston's
text: grasp. His fading ayes connecting with Preston's as he
text: slides lifeless dewn his torge ...
text: Preston states at the dead man in his arms. Then Looks,
text: astodianed, to Brandt who nods.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Good grah, Cleric.
text: And, with a yell, he steps around the comer sheoting -
text: several Enforcement units blazing away with him.
text: Preston is left alene - in the ringing aftermath. Realizing
text: he gtili helds the dead man. Leoking into a face that,
dialog: manents befora, fale. Like him...
text: He quickly releases the body.
text: His hands. Covered in bleed. Blinking rapidly. Deeply,
dialog: conflicted, confused. :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: - Page 39
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: The guifire and ecreama are gone but fer the echoes now.
text: Every shot needed, has been fired. Every scream, silenced.
text: Now Preston does his wark. Wandering through the house *
dialog: alone. Searching. Smellirg our that place ...
text: He fixes on a wall. Approaching it, he gcratches at the
text: Plaster with a fingernail. It crumbles away easily and, a
text: moment later, he is stepping into a HIDDEN ROOM.
text: Instantly, the eye is assaulted with the uncustomary
text: gensation of COLOR. THINGS, jumbled everywhere. Pictures,
text: paintings, posters, wall paper, collages, teys. upholstered
dialog: furniture...
dialog: He looks around ... +
dialog: An old Singer sawing machine. A work of arr, really. He
text: picks up an embroidered pillow - “Bless this Mess" Tacky,
dialog: yes, but to eyes hungry for human expression. the highest art -
text: He allows his hand te fum along the edge of a‘long, ornately
text: carved table as he woves slowly through the room - past the
text: framed ciccures of unrelated people, long dead-
text: Stopping at an ILLUSTRATED CHILOREN:S BOOK. Picking it up.
text: he mutters the ritle ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: "Mary. Mary, Quite Contrary . - -'
text: He blinks, eyes losing momentary focus at the name's
dialog: associations. .
text: He shakea it off, eyes catching something else. On the FLOOR
text: in the center of the room. Semething. A slight, almesc
text: unnoticeable BULGE beneath the shag carpet
text: Bending, he runs his fingers across it.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sq this is it.
text: He looks sharply up. BRANDT stands there - surveying the
text: cornucopia of memorabilia that is the room.
text: Preston quickly straightens.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Taoks like it.*
text: Re takes one last lock at the room. ‘Than turns to che
text: CONFLAGRATION TEAMS Bustling up bahind prandt.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: oo
dialog: Page 40
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Burn it.
text: And ag he steps out - they do. Blasting the roam with
dialog: inginarating flame. 5
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Brendt works o4 paperwork on the hood of the car while
text: Preston watches the house burn. Even the flames are
text: beautiful to him now.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You're thinking something ... |
text: Preston locks over at him. Echoes of his own words to
text: Partridge. Brandt pers on the shadew of a smile.
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Whenever someone's presccupied, I can’t
dialog: help bot wonder why. My mature, I guess.
text: Pbraston holds che other man’s piercingly interrogative gaze
text: for a moment. Then shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: It's nothing.
text: Brandt shrugs and returns ta his paperwork. Aeflectively ...
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Be you knew - it's the law oF
dialog: diminishment - if we keap Burning this
dialog: contraband + one day there simply won't
dialog: be any cE it Jett.
text: He locke up again, as if acbered by the theusht.
speaker_heading: BRANOT
dialog: Who will be left to watch?
text: Thece is a profound beat between them - oddly uncomfortable.
text: Instead of answering, Freston picks Brandt‘s GUN up off the
text: hood of the car where he had sect it...
dialog: And handa if co him.
text: Abrupely an OFFICER comee flying around from the back of tha
text: burning house.
speaker_heading: “ ENFORCER
dialog: Hey! . Got something out back!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 43.
scene_heading: EXT. KENNEL - DAY
text: Sresten and Brandt stand with the Enforcement teams outside
text: the fence of a KENNEL. More than a dagen DOGS of every
text: description within, baying at the Durning heuse. 5
speaker_heading: ERANDT
dialog: ishakes head}
dialog: This isn’t the first time we've sean
dialog: this. Why do they do in? Why do they . _
dialog: keep these animale?
dialog: (lecks te Preston}
dialog: Do they eat chem?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: T couldn't tell you. .
speaker_heading: ENFORCEMENT ~
dialog: Bhat should wa do, Sir?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Exterminate tham, of course.
dialog: che Enforcay sacks back cha bolt on mis repeating rifle and,
dialog: apasing tha gate, starts ta step im. iInmveluntarily, Preston -
text: Opens nis mouth to speak.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (raising hand}
dialog: Wait
dialog: (Preston)
dialog: Whar is it, Cleric?
dialog: Preston struggles for a momant, against what nok éven he
text: knows oz understands ... then shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PRESTO
dialog: Nothing ...
text: Brandt nods to the Enforcer and the report of the rifle fille
text: the air, mingled with the acreams of the dogs.
text: Amidst the carnage, SOMETHING scrambling between the
text: Enforcer’s lags catches Preston's eyes.
text: He grabs it ae it scurries cut the apen gate, trying to
text: escape. Hefts it up into bis arms. -
text: A PUPPY. Scared eyes, short murky-tan fur, ‘The thing is
dialog: Shaking with fear. wt
speaker_heading: ENFORCER
dialog: Toss it back in, Sir - If11 finish it:
dialog: oft.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 42
text: Preston deasn't move. Everyone Tooks te at him.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Tose it back in - he'd finish it.
dialog: . . *
text: Preston hesitates. Starts to hand the puppy Back in the
text: enclosure. The Enforcer reaches for it ...
dialog: But Freston pulla it back.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: It... it seems to me that at least one
dialog: of these animals ought to be tested for
dialog: disease.
text: He igs barely able to contain the nezvous quaver in his voice
text: and even legs able to hold anyone's eyes. He covers for it
text: by turning immediataly and starting hack for the cars.
text: Tossing hack over his shoulder ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Tf there's an epidemic in the Zone, it
dialog: would be better ‘if we knew about it.
text: Branct and the Enforcars exchange a glance. The Enforcer
dialog: just shrugs and returmé Eo perfumetorily Pow! Pow!
dialog: administering coup d= graces be the dying animals.
text: But Brandt watches carefully after his partner; walking away
text: with « puppy held tight in his arms.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - DAY
text: Preston climbs into the back of the car. He clases his eyes a
text: moment, Pippy in hia lap, trying to still his pounding heart.
text: When he opens them, he finds tha eyes of the DRIVER, an
text: Enforcer he hadn't even realiged was there - staring back at
text: him in the rear-view mirror.
text: Preston forces immassivity instantly into hie features.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Take me to the station. Right away,
scene_heading: INT. EXFORCEMENT FARKING LOT - DAY
text: Preston stands at the open crunk of his Cleric-issued car.
text: Inside, the PUPPY sits on some newspaper spread out within.
text: He hesitates, glancing around, making sure no one is
text: watching, then places a small tray of water down in the trunk
text: and arranges an old coat agp a had for the dog.
dialog: 
dialog: Page 44
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Um... you uh ... stay...
text: He pauses. Torn, Struggling with himself
dialog: . 7
text: He starts to reach to couch the dog, but stops. He's never
text: teughed anether creature in affection befora.
text: He dves it. Allowing his fingers ta touch the dog‘s head,
text: The Fuppy does mot shrink away. His small tail wags.
text: Preston runs hia hand down the langth of the grateful dog,
text: gavoring the cresture’s warmch, the feel of hie fur.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Cleric...
text: Starrled, Presten spins, shurting rhea trunk. dn ENFORCER is
text: walking towards him. Preston tengeg But...
speaker_heading: ENFORCER
dialog: Congratulations.
text: Preston's heart is pounding.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: For... what?. :
speaker_heading: EXFORCER
dialog: O’Brien, Mary. The sense offender you
dialog: arrested,
dialog: {smiles}
text: She's been sentenced to death.
text: Fresten blinks back ac him a sterk microsecond.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: .. Chab‘s wonderful ...
text: The Enterser gives a thumbs up as he passes. Presten can
text: only ned, etaring after him.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE EVIDENTIARY STORAGE - ORY
text: Face a mask, Preston stops at the counter.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Confiseated evidence for 723-Tas
text: He has to cough to aover hig nervousness.
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: Mary O'Brian ...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 44
dialog: “
scene_heading: INT. EMPTY ROOM - DAY
text: Praston sits in front of the BOX of objects confiscared from
text: Mary's home. Contemplating it, almost fearfully.
dialog: . 4
text: Finally, with fingers that nearly tremble, he opens Ehea box,
dialog: picking owt a.bit of RIBRON, Nothing really. Something
dialog: you'd cast out without a second theught.
text: But it captivates him. Staring inte its czimeon depths,
text: feeling its supple pliancy.
text: Putting it down, he pulls out her ART BECO PERFUME DECANTER.
text: As he turns it in his hands, the cut glass splits the light,
text: creating a rainbow inside its diamond facets.
text: Tentatively, he sprays a tiny bit it into his palm and
text: breathes it. Instantly, the fragrance possesses hin.
dialog: Re innales it inte his vary essence.
scene_heading: EXT, PALACE OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: Preston stands in frent af the gargantuan gqauntness of the
dialog: Palace of dustice. Wok knowing why he‘a here. Nok quite
dialog: comprehending these forces that have driven him -..
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY HUB - DAY
text: Preston stands beside the SECURITY TECHNICIANS. Staring at
text: one of the many video monitors. MARY sits in har call.
text: He gazes long into her pensive featuras. Finelly, shaking it
text: off, he epesks to the security technicians.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I want to inkerregate her.
scene_heading: SECURITY TECHNICIAN
dialog: All the interrogation cells are in uss,
dialog: Sir,
text: He indicates a bank of. surveillance monitors. mn each, a
text: Brigone: sita being incerrogaced. EXCEPT OWE, which iz empty.
speaker_heading: - BRESTON
dialog: What about that one? Room 101.
scene_heading: SECURITY TECENICIAN
dialog: The microphones won't be up in that room
dialog: until next weak.
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
dialog: Put ve in there.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 45
dialog: 4
scene_heading: SECURITY TECHNVICIAH
dialog: But Sir ...
text: Preston turns sharply on the man - eyas burning with all che
dialog: gravity of the TelraGraumacon. 5
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: My timeframe dictates thet I cannot wait.
dialog: I said put us in there.
text: The Security Technician gulps back any argument.
scene_heading: SECURITY TECHNICIAN
dialog: By ell means, Sir - Room 2G1.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 ~- DAY
text: A windowless room. Frestom sits across from MARY. All trace
text: of his inner turmoil - hidden away.
text: For her parc, sha leske as though she has been knocked around
text: a Bit. She considers him a mildiy curioqus moment.
speaker_heading: : | MARY
dialog: Tocan'k say I'm not surprised te see you.
text: Preston swallows invisibly.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I don’t sae why. My interrogation of you
dialog: den‘t fully concluded.
text: ’ Her eyes search him for another instant.
speaker_heading: KARY
dialog: And, after ali, time's so very short now,
dialog: isn’t ik?
text: Her death sentence. Through an act af will, he manages to
text: hold her eyes. She amiles to herself.
text: Then, something, some fissure, cracks behind her hard facade
text: and her hand reaches for her eyes.
text: Bur just as quickly, she wipes it away, drawing a crisp
text: breath - defiant again,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Ask your questions. And then leave.
dialog: Preston is unprepared. Ha? a come only becsuse he wanted, he
dialog: needed te s¢e her. He's rhought no further than that.
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: Wall ... Ehe ... regiebance ...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 46
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: The techiicians already asked mé that.
dialog: Tf there were a resistance, 1 guess 1
dialog: would have told them, wouldn’t IT?) Se why 4:
dialog: don‘E you get cto che point and tell me
dialog: why you're really here.
text: He holds on her another moment. Ha can't possibly teil her
text: that he is here because he felt irresistibly drawn here.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Mhean you ... First want off the doae,
dialog: suraly you ... surely if was hard. There
dialog: must have heen ... doubts.
text: She looks back at him a coldly curious moment -
speaker_heading: T
speaker_heading: MARY |
dialog: Rhy de you cere?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Tt don‘t.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then why ask?
speaker_heading: PRESTOR -
dialog: I'm juec trying to understand ... people
dialog: lik) you ...
text: She holds on him, studying him like am insect.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: O£ course it was hard. In's a withdrawal.
dialog: Tes a drug. You get through ir by thinking
dialog: about the people who put it in you.
text: Preston locks herd at her - trying hard to comprehand.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: . YOu mean ... hate ...
text: She says nething - looking back siesr particularly at im.
speaker_heading: PRESTON :
dialog: But they're only trying toe help. Human
dialog: mature, it can be so...
speaker_heading: . 7 MARY
dialog: Uncooperative?
text: There is an ironic half-twist ia her smile.
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 47
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well we can't have thak, can we? if
dialog: someone’s coloring outside the lines, by
dialog: all means, medicate them. Piease: Right
dialog: beck inte conformity. and, hey, since +
dialog: wa're just crying to help, why nor
dialog: institutionalize it while we're at it?
text: Ske amiles with everything but her eyes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: ‘Cause if thee duesn't work - well, f
dialog: suppose we can always find @ witch or two
dialog: te burn in Selem.
text: Preston stares. Deeply stirred by this amacing woman.
speaker_heading: MARY «
dialog: Mind if I ask you a persona] question?
text: An invisible awallaow. He nods.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: De you find ta attractive?
text: Startled, Preston's eyes blink away for the thinnest fraction
text: of an instant. Thea back.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I'm noe - entirely sure what you meas.
text: Her eyes search his for a moment. Then, discovering no
text: fragment of life, she sits back - sad for the future.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You see?
scene_heading: IWT. CLERIC MONASTERY - DAY
dialog: The grand college where select individuals are trained from
dialog: birth te. join the formidable. ranka of the Grammaton Cleric.
dialog: The quasi-militazy/religious order of the TatraGrammaton ...
text: Preston walks the sember, echoing corridors with VICE COUNCIL
text: DUPONT, passing clagsrecna of fresh-faced cadets.
text: Bubont is perusing MARY'S FILE as they walk.
speaker_heading: DUPONT :
dialog: ‘I don’t think I.quite comprehend your
dialog: request, Cleric.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: It's juecr, Sir, that her exseution date
dialog: has been ser, I believe she still has
dialog: 
dialog: Page 48
dialog: +
dialog: information about the Resistance that
dialog: rould be valuable to us.
speaker_heading: BUPONT
dialog: But she's already been clinically 5
dialog: interrogated, correct?
speaker_heading: PRESTON :
dialog: Yes, but I... I believe that somehow she
dialog: has been able to resiat; that her
dialog: characcer is such thar ... that ...
text: Me falters.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Ien's diffievlr roe eyplain.
text: Dubont holds on him an instant. Turns to MARY'S FHOTO in the
text: file. Darkly beautiful. His eyes rise hack fo Frasten.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Precty ..:
text: Prevton barely manages to conceal the confused rush he feels
dialog: At those words.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: ao... don't fully grasp the reference. -
text: DuPont helds on him another steady beat. Then ncds, closing
text: the file ag they stop, cverliooking an OPEN FLOOR where dozens
text: of cadets are being led through a strange MARTIAL ARTS KATA.
speaker_heading: DUPONT .
dialog: Te you know of the Shao Lin... or
dialog: perhaps the Mamelukes, Preston?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: No Sir - I do nor.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: In a time of a lend called Arabia, the
dialog: Mameluke were a caste of warrior monks.
dialog: Eunuchs. Selected and casrrated at birth:
dialog: trained ta be the greatest fighting slaves
text: avar known. Existing entirely above the
text: move and sway af cammen passion.
text: He is quiet, thoughtful a moment.
speaker_heading: *'DUFONT
dialog: Like you Preston.
text: Then, faintly sad, he nods.
dialog: rim te
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Like me.
text: Preston looka at him, startled.
speaker_heading: OUPONT
speaker_heading: Page ¢9
dialog: You're surprised? All the high clergy, even
text: Father himself, is drawn from the Cleric.
text: Be gazes again down at the practicing cadets.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Tell me what you knew of him, Preston, o£
dialog: rather...
speaker_heading: PRESTOW
dialog: Only what everyone knows. That he is the
dialog: foremost Citizen. The vary modal of the
dialog: insensate ideal.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: And have you ever seen him?
speaker_heading: " PRESTON
dialog: Me Sir. © mean... I den’t know, 5ir.
text: Father is nowhere. And everywhere. The
dialog: threat cf assassination farcea him te
dialog: remain faceless,
text: He locks down, feeling a pit inside him...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: ‘Even ga, such ig his semnathy that he
dialog: Fiske daily pilgrimages co the Palace of
dialog: Justice te witness the combustion of che
dialog: accused - that he might continually test
dialog: his unemeatianality. -
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Do you know why, Preston?
text: Preston hesitates for another instant, feeling his insides
dialog: twist. Than ragurgitates the rote dogma that has been tha
text: Boilerplate of his entire existence.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: facausa only such g@ person can ve be
dialog: confident will rule withaut the
dialog: interference of bis passiona, Bacause
dialog: ‘only with such a man may we reat knowing
dialog: he will net be reduced to tyranny by mere
dialog: emetion.
speaker_heading: DUPGRT
dialog: And yet - yet there are elements in this
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 50
dialog: a
dialog: society, secretly banned cogether,
dialog: secretly feeling, who would tear down all
dialog: he has accomplished and surrender it back
dialog: to exactly chat - the tyranny of emotion.
dialog: : 3
text: a pauses, paradoxically impassioned a momen. Then calms.
speaker_heading: : DUPONT .
dialog: Even knowing that, Cleric, it is his
dialog: uncompromising example we must continue
dialog: to uphold. We cannes bend our ow laws,
dialog: We cannot comromnise our ideals.
text: He looks very particularly at Preston.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: We can beat this Resistance. We can deat
dialog: it without entering ints league with
dialog: Senge Offenders, can't we, Preston?
text: Preecon Cemses as it hits him whet che other man's saying.
speaker_heading: . DoPoONT
dialog: Let's show them that we até wnak we maan.
dialog: Let's burn this woman, this Sénee Offender.
dialog: Let‘s burn her and break them anyway.
text: He abruptly takes Prasten’s band with missionary zeal.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Because I pelieve you can do it, Sreston.
dialog: The only question is will you? Will you
dialog: be Fathex‘s pure weapon against the
dialog: Resietance. The ingtrument of the State,
dialog: -for the State. Will you find them? Will
dialog: you Break them? For Father. For me.
text: Praston wavers - twisting to near-breaking inside. But
dialog: ultimately, has no choice but to say:
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: It would be ... the greatest honor.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE SPACE = NIGHT
text: Praston sits, deep in the bowelea of his Building’s basement,
text: in his family’s personal storage space, buried in Fhought.
text: Kneading through his fingers, MARY'S RED RIBBON.
text: While, between his knees, the PUPPY contentadly snoozes.
scene_heading: ELT. GATE 17-E - NIGHT ,
text: He site idling in his car at one of the great gates to the
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ak
dialog: Page $1
dialog: “
text: gene. The eoldier on duty raturns from the quardhouse and
text: hands his identification back tnrough the window.
speaker_heading: SOLDTER
dialog: Thank you, Sir. Good hunting. - *
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Yas. Thank you.
text: He drives on.
scene_heading: INT. BRANDT’S CAR - NIGHT
text: BRANDT watches izem his own car as Preston, whom he followed,
text: drives threugh the gate into the Zone. Watching. Thinking.
scene_heading: EXT, GATE - NIGHT :
text: Pulling wn to the gate, Brandt, flashes his identification.
speaker_heading: BRANDT /
dialog: Cleric. I need to pass right away-
text: The soldier takes his L.D., examining it.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER :
dialog: You're second class - not authorized for
text: s0i0 excursions into the Zone.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Dammit, thie is essential Clerical
dialog: business! I have te pass now!
text: The Soldier straightens, putting his hand on his rifle.
speaker_heading: - SOLDIER
dialog: You lack authorization. Under no
dialog: - pircumstances will you he allawed to pass
dialog: through thie gate.
dialog: Brandt e#es that thia man means what ha says. His eyes shift
text: to the ominous white-leather clad SWEEPER CREW posted by
text: their tanker just on the other side of the gate.
text: Ke snaps his ayes back to the soldier.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Tell the captain of the Sweeper Crew 1
dialog: need to speak to him immediately. -
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - BURNED-OUT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: FUPPY: in his armé, Preston ‘stands outside what remaina of tha
text: kennel behind the HOUSE, he condemned eo be burned to the
dialog: ground this morming.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 52
text: Charred remains of the dead degs heaped there,
scene_heading: INT. BURNED-CUT HOUSE - NIGHT :
text: Re haunts through the house's burned-out shell. Finds his
text: way into what was the secret room - now nothing more than a
text: charred skeleton of studs.
text: Plicking on his flashlight, he sweepa the Eloor until he
text: fines what he is leoking for. The carpet has heen burned away
text: now and the TRAP IXOR he feit there thia morning, is exposed.
text: Sweeping aside thé aghes, he pulls the duor opan and shines
text: his light down inside. .
scene_heading: INT. SECRET CHAMBER :
text: He descends into the dark sub-terrestrial reom. His light
text: sweeps acrogs a LANTERN, Setting the PUPPY down, he turas it
text: en, filling the SMALL ROOM with its golden illumination.
text: Whar he sees nearly takes his breath away. Like Midaa*
text: breasure trove, the reom, untouched by the fire, is simoly
dialog: jammed with memorabilia. :
text: Photos, Dasaball cards, a train set, the completa works of
text: William Shakespeare, a Clown painting, a book of quotations,
text: a Dox filled with costume jewelry, an old Victrola.
text: A kid in a candy store, we walks the tiny dimensions,
text: / savoring each step, running his fingers over every object.
text: Picks un a halt-consumed pack of WRIGLEY’S SPEARMINI GUM.
text: Turns it over in his hands. Un-peels a stick, musnas it
text: tentatively inte his mouth. Chaws .:. smiles ...
dialog: Moves on ta the Vietrela. deaide it, im their wax wrappers,
text: Soe OLD RECORDS.
text: He shakes one ouk. Examines it. He's not quite sure, but
dialog: it's preety evidenc chat it gom=a with the Victrola. He
text: mouths the words on the label ...
speaker_heading: PRESTOW
dialog: RCA Symphony No. 3, D winer, apus 125...
dialog: Ludwig van fee ... Beethoven ...
dialog: It means nothing to him. Re puta the record on the player.
text: Tt doesn’t take him buc an’ instant to figure it ont. Placing
text: the needle on the vinyl platter, he cranks che crank.
text: It eracks and pops as the record qoes round unevenly for a
text: tToment ... and then, issuing from the horn, womething he bas
dialog: never in hig life heard before.
dialog: 
dialog: Page 53.
text: Music. And not just music, but the mast heartfelt,
dialog: ponfoundiy created mugi¢ ever made. The vary soul of mankind
text: vent cpen, bleeding forth meledy ...
dialog: 
text: Preston's threat knots as the first notes of the hasscon
text: distantly sound, building ... mounting ...
text: And it only gets worse from there. After a moment, he must -
dialog: eit, he has begun te shake so badly. ~
text: Helpless in ite spell, he can only listen, astonished, ae the
text: towering magnificence of the first movement waghes over hin.
dialog: It is Unfair, that music waich moves even the most hardenad
dialog: Human soul sheuld be the tire heard by this defenseless man.
text: Tears flow unblocked: dewn his face ‘as he realizes for the
dialog: first time, all at once, what are death, life and love.
scene_heading: ExT. STREET - NIGHT
dialog: ar
text: Strains of the symphony still echoing in his aars, Preston
text: Sate the puppy back inte the trunk. Reneving his avercoat,
text: he makes a bed for the dog with it.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Stay ... Ludwig
dialog: 
text: He smiles, raalizing he just named the deg. His dog. The'
text: deg wags its cail appreciatively.
text: Abrugtly the world burses inte blinding white Light.
text: Shielding his eyes, Preston rises to ses approaching down the
text: Street a SWEEPER PATROL, it's rack of reef-mcounted XENON
text: LIGHTS turning night inte day.
speaker_heading: MEGAPEONE
dialog: Step away From the vehicle!
text: Preston, heart stalled, can only stare at it, coming at hin.
speaker_heading: MEGAPHONE
dialog: Step away from the vehicle!
text: Subtly shutting the trunk, Preston obeys. With a hiss of
text: pneumatios, the Sweeper Patrol stops e dozen yards away.
text: Shotguns at the ready, THREE leather-clad SWEEPERS step out.
speaker_heading: LEAD SWEEPER
dialog: Hands above your head.
dialog: 
text: Preston's raises his hands.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Page S¢
speaker_heading: : SWEEPER LEAD
dialog: Identification. :
speaker_heading: FRESTOW 4
dialog: I’m a Cleric. I'm here on afficial
dialog: business. .
speaker_heading: SWEEPER, LEAD
dialog: Identification.
text: Preston reaches inside his jacket. Feels for it. But ite
text: mot there. He blinks, FLASHING BACK...
text: To putting his evercoat in the TRUNK fer the dog.
text: His eves snap back. The Sweepers’ ghotquns are an him.
dialog: He swallows ... : :
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: T don’t have in...
speaker_heading: SWEEPER LEAD
dialog: Unidentified individuals found in the
dialog: zone are subject to summary deatryection.
text: The othex two sweepers tighten their qvips om their guns.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: teteady)
dialog: you'd be making a very big mistake. I'm
dialog: a Grammaton Cleric, first ¢laas.
text: The Sweeper Lead holds on him an inetant - debating.
scene_heading: . SWEEPER, LEAD
dialog: We're going to search your vabicle.
text: Preston's syes flicker to the trunk.
text: . PRESTON .
dialog: You're wasting your time. There's nothing
dialog: dn it and I have essential places to he.
text: Stepping forward, the Sweeper Lead wrests Preston's GUN. from
text: inside hig coat and steps back. Covering hin, he oda
text: sharply to the other two whe jmmediacely begin searching
text: through tha car interior with flashlights.
text: After a moment, they emerge. Shake their heads. Nothing.
text: Sweener Lead turns back to Preston.
speaker_heading: SWEEPER LEAD
dialog: The keys Ear che trunk-
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 55
dialog: 4
text: Tight-lipped, Preston holds on him for an instant.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: I'm trying to bell you - I havea pra-davn
dialog: combustion to witness. My timeframe . 4
dialog: dictates that I cannot wait.
text: stepping forward, tha Sweeper snatches the keys out af
text: Preston's hand and tesses them ta the searching sweepers.
text: Prascon sucks in a deen, quist breath. Holds ir. Ons af
text: them insercs the key inte the trunk. Struggling with it .-..
text: It clicks Open ...
speaker_heading: SWEEPER LEAD
speaker_heading: Wale ss 2
dialog: t
text: Yanés on the opening trunk-lid, tha two searchers stop. The
text: Sweeper Lead is studving Prescon’s face, illuminated for the
text: first time in the beam of his shocgun's rict-light.
text: sis gun's barrel Crops as he realizes ane
speaker_heading: SWEEPER LEAD
dialog: Cleric Preston - i'm sorry, 7... I
dialog: didn’: recagnize you. ,
dialog: (yuiekly/Sweepera]
dialog: tand aff. [t's ail right.
text: leaving the keys dangling in the leck, thay do. Stepping back
text: rom che car. Flreworks of relief go off inside Preston.
text: The Sweeper Lead is dasperetely apologetic.
scene_heading: . | SWEEPER LEAD ;
dialog: You understand, Sir, in this Light, it’s
dialog: extremely difficulr ...
text: From hia vantage, Preston can gee¢ the dag through the four
text: inches of open trunk. ie manages a nod.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You're juec doing your job.
speaker_heading: SWEEPER LEAD
dialog: Yeg Sir. Thank you for appreciating that,
dialog: Sir. We'll escort you back to the gates.
speaker_heading: . . PRESTON
dialog: That would be good, thank you.
dialog: {a5 tha Sweepers turn} -
dialog: Ane ny Sidearn?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 5
speaker_heading: SWEEPER LEAD
dialog: (turning back}
dialog: Ah - yes ir. sorry Sir.
text: He starts to hand the gun back to Preston when a small cesine
text: WYIMPER fron the direction of the car snaps all heads round.
text: Presten’s heart stons.
speaker_heading: PRESTOW
dialog: An animal ... The zone’s full of tham ...
text: He reaches for his gun but the Sweeper Lead pulis it back,
text: leoking at him through narrew eyes.
speaker_heading: SWEEFER LEAD
dialog: Tt sounded like it came from your car i...
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
dialog: Impossisle. Mow, if you'll retum omy
dialog: firearm, i‘11 be on my wey.
text: But the Sweeper Lead only helds on him another dark momert.
text: Then striding over to the car, he throws open the trunk, his
text: flasalich: illuminating che FUBDY, panting in its beam.
text: All Reads snap towards Praston. Instantly the two SWEEPE2S
text: step in on aither sida cf him,. shotquns aimed at his head.
speaker_heading: SHOTGUN SWEEPER
dialog: Oa your knees! Get on your knees!
dialog: Preston exhibits less «emotion now than he has eince he went
text: aff Librium. Fulse flat-liming, he coesn’t move.
speaker_heading: SWEEPER LEAD
dialog: Get on your Mtiees - nowli!
text: Presten's hands shoot up. grasping the shotgun barrels at
text: wither side of his head. A startled beat ...
text: .. a3 the Eweeper Lead realizes what's just happened. That
dialog: they oave just made tha mortal error ..-
text: .. SE engaging a Grammaton Cleric ...
dialog: .-. Without first calling for back-up.
scene_heading: . SWEEPER LEAD
dialog: Bo ie! Do Get! Sheet him new!
text: The Sweepers yank back on their triggers - but Preston, :
dialog: knowing their mevementa before even they do, is a micre-second -
text: ahead, shoving back the pump-actions of their gung ...
dialog: 
dialog: | : : Page 57
dialog: . 4
text: Sending each gun‘s shell ejecring cartwheeling unfired
dialog: upwards into the darkness ...
text: In the instant that follows - one in which they are tao
dialog: . astonished to react... . +
dialog: 
text: Preston spins, whipping them around 180 degrees by their
text: guns, racking their pump-actions es he doas, chambering the
text: next ggell and yanking the guns FIRING across his bady. -
text: Blowing the faceplates cut of their helmets hike black water.
text: Even ao they drop, he rolls the shotgung over his wriste and,
text: dropping dow to one knee, fires both harrela at the Sweeper
text: Lead even as that man -shoots - shot going wild.
text: Dropping the shotguns, Preston rolls forward, snatching up
text: his Grammatso sidearm as he hits hts fest and POW! Firing
text: similtaneouely with the Sweeper Lasd's next shot ...
text: BULLETS exploding in eolligi\en in the air between them.
text: BLABLAM! Preston's next shet, a nano-secend behind tha firer,
text: blows the Sweeper Laad off his feet.
text: Preston steps, breathing new in the empty silence of the zone
text: em, and the hot white light of the senons.
dialog: Nat
text: Sick, deadly sick inside.
scene_heading: # INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Head in his hands, Preston sits in the dark at the kedside of
text: che SLEEPING FORMS of his children - ROHXIE and LISA.
text: So many conflicting, painful things rushing through him.
text: His son lies there, severe and perfect, even in sleep. Lisa,
dialog: just 4 seven year-old girl - features abandensec as ber
text: sleeping nind wanders distant realms ... :
text: Quietly, Fraston opens the drawer beside Robaie’s bed. With
text: a penlight, he illominares its contents. Finde what he i#
text: locking for. RFOBSIE’S OSE CASE.
text: Silently he opens it, locating the following day's doses...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: What are you doing?
text: He snaps the peniight up, stertled to find his ten year-ald's
text: eagie-eyes staring back ac him through ite beam.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I said what are you doing?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 5&8
text: Fraston's heart pounds.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I... : 2
text: We stares back at his son. Rebbie eits upright in bed, eyes
text: narrowing. Preston owallows deeply.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I was checking. To make sure you've heen
dialog: taking you interval.
text: Robbie looks back at hima moment. Then relaxes. Nodding.
speaker_heading: ROBSIE
dialog: And you're satisfiad?
dialog: t
text: Presten hoids on him an instant - then manages an curt ned.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: . I'm satisfied.
dialog: Robbie nods too ~- pleased. |
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Geod night then, Father.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Gecd night ... gon.
text: The boy puts his kead back on his pillow and closes hia eyes.
text: Preston closes che young man’s dos# cage, Looks at him one
text: jagst instant ... afd walks out.
scene_heading: EXT, ZONE - WIGHT
text: LIGHPS FLASHING, dozens of Enforcemant units are gathered in
text: the street beside the dead bodies of the SWEEFER TEAM.
dialog: Among the Enforcement unita on ths crime evene, BRANDT
text: considers the dark remains of the house whose burning he
dialog: participated in that morning.
text: All a bit too much of a coincidence. He turns to an ENFORCER
text: working on a MOBLLE COMPUTING UNIT on the hood of @ car.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: tan you cum a trace of the movements of a
text: Cleric's sidearm’ tonight through that
dialog: thing? . oo -
speaker_heading: , ENFORCER ‘
dialog: \No Sir. Only Councillary members heve
dialog: access to gun tracking.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: ti
dialog: Page 53
text: Brandt purses his lips, thwatted for the moment. Then neds.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I want ballistics performed on che. 4
dialog: artifaczs removed from these bodies. I
dialog: want the results compared againat the gun
dialog: records of the Cleric.
text: The Enforcer looks shackad at the implication of this. Hut
text: the lock in Brandt’s black eyes leaves him no deubt ocher -
dialog: than khat the man is deadly serious,
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - MORNING
text: fhen Preston #xits hig cubicle, he is surprised by a PAIR OF
text: SWEEPERS macching towards him down the corzider.
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: SWEEPER
dialog: Cleric John Preston ...
text: He freezes, heart STOFFING ... But all they say is ...
speaker_heading: SWEEPERS
dialog: Seed mozning, Sir.
text: As they march past, coancinuing down the hail. Ha srares
text: after them, heart meeting agein - pounding. Just a patrol.
text: Opening his hand, he locks at his MORNING'S UNUSED LIBRIOM.
dialog: Ready to ba disposed of in tha subway or garage.
dialog: Palm bruised, he had yvigped ic so hard.
dialog: Had they searched him, ne would have been dead.
scene_heading: TET. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Closing the door, he pulls the mirrer away from the wall.
text: Behind it, che cavity in the wail.
text: He hesitates an ingtant ..-
text: Then dreps the amber ampule into the cavity and pushes the
text: mizror back in place.
scene_heading: ERT. SIDEWALK - MORNING
text: When Sresten eawits his building, a CAR skids up, passenger
text: door swinging open. ERANDT.*
dialog: 
text: . BRANDT .
text: Raid in the industriel section. Ler‘’s go.
text: Presten hesitates an inarant ... then gats in.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: cy
dialog: €
dialog: Page 6o
scene_heading: INT, SRANDT'S CAR - MORNING
text: -Brandt guides the car into traffic.
speaker_heading: BRANDT -
dialog: Everything all right?
text: Preston locks over at him - surprised.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: of course ... why do you ask?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (tahrugs) _ .
dialog: Oh... you've gor a lot on your mind.
text: Ereston hesitates an instant. t
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: What makes you say that?
text: Brandt looks at his partner. Faintly smiles.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: ‘You forget - the inkuitive |rtz, Cleric.
dialog: Tre's ay fob to know what you're thinking.
text: Braston looks Back at Him -! manages a smile of has own.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Sa then - what am I thinking?
text: Brande looks back at him.
speaker_heading: * BRANDT
dialog: You're thinking about the murders in tha
dialog: zone last nighc. :
text: The smile drops off Preston's face.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You're wondering ... if they know whe did
dialog: at yet. :
text: Preston is frozen.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Tell me, Cleric, am I... ciose?
text: Preston ewallows. Neds.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Wet bad. So... do they? Knew?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: &
dialog: Page 51
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Oh, there‘s theories. J have one or -wo
dialog: of my own. But at tha moment they're...
text: He looks at Preston. Deeply, deenly .... . 4
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: premature.
dialog: fabruptly)
dialog: And in any case - i'm glad it happened.
text: Prescon lecks back at him - fealing a chill.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Why .--
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Because mow Father's dedreed an
text: acceleracion in the crackdown on
dialog: offenders.
text: He shrugs.
speaker_heading: * BRANDT
dialog: Whoever did it - ali they accomplisned
dialog: was a quicker end to the Resistance.
text: F2 looks at Preston - that ghost of a smile again.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
text: It's gning to be a massacre.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
dialog: tinder the allegra assai of the 4th movement of Beethoven's
text: sth, the carnage of the day. With wilitazy precision, Shock
text: Troops converge in the street cutside an abandoned factory...
text: Gunes firing ...
text: Windows axpleding, plaster flying -..
text: Suspected offenders, running, crumpling, dying ...
text: And Presten, drifting through the chaos - stunned, horrified.
text: At the events. At his perticipation in Cham. ,
text: And in his background, BRANDT, watching him always.
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO-CHAMBER - DAY
text: Preston, im a special TELE-CHAMBER at Cleric. Headquarters,
text: faces an enormous SCREEN that projects DuFont's face.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 62
speaker_heading: DUPONT’ S IMAGE
dialog: i don't quite follow your logic, Cleric.
text: Srescon is pale, barely able to cenceal the fact that he ig.
dialog: trembling. . . . 4
speaker_heading: . PRESTON :
dialog: They were unarmed, Sir. Wee providing
text: rasistance. Yet instead of apprehengion
dialog: for interrogation and process they were
dialog: slaugatered. -
speaker_heading: . DUPONT’ S IMAGE
dialog: But Cleric, given the circumstances of
dialog: last night, Father has decreed thet thers
dialog: will be ne mera process far Sense
dialog: Offenders - they ara to either be shot on
dialog: aight or incinerated without trial.
text: Preston is Gesperate.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: But it‘s counter to law.
speaker_heading: DUFONT'S IMAGE
dialog: [slightly annoyed)
dialog: Father is law, Preston.
text: Preston stares back at him.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Siz - without the logic of process - is
dialog: it mot just ... mayhem? What we've tried
dialog: so hard to eradicate? :
text: Bufent’s imagertightens - becoming intimate.
speaker_heading: DOUPONT'S IMAGE
dialog: You must unéerstend, Preston - while you
dialog: and even I may not always agree with it,
dialog: itn is not the message That's important;
dialog: it's our obedience to it. Father’s will.
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DUPONT’S IMAGE
dialog: It may be hard, even gounter-intuitive at
dialog: times - but the point ig the tear, Call
dialog: it faith. You have it, I assume ...
text: Preston stares back at hin for the thinnest instant as he
text: reaches seme inner resolve. Then: .
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yes. I have it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ark
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 63
speaker_heading: BUPONT'S IMAGE
dialog: Good.
text: Prestan struggles within again for tne tinniest instant. >
speaker_heading: PRESTOU
dialog: Siro ..:
speaker_heading: DUPCNT'S IMAGE
dialog: Yes, Cleric. .
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
dialog: You asked me to become Father's
dialog: ingtrument against the resistance .«--
text: Es gathers up all the momentum burqing within him.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I'm ready. Today. I wish to shew my
dialog: Eaith. 2 wish, with your permission, od
dialog: begin immediately the search for
dialog: underground.
dialog: fubon: considers him, this walking weapon, ‘fora moment.
speaker_heading: DYPONT'S IMAGE
dialog: To destroy it, Cleric?
text: Preston looks hack at him, evary atom of his body vibrating.
speaker_heading: : PRESTOW
dialog: To destroy it.
scene_heading: INT. COLD STORAGE - CREMATORE CENTRAL - N/A
text: In a metal chair next to a metal tray thar holds PARTRIDGE'S
text: fOLyY. Presten sits, head in his hands - anguished.
text: Partridge ig the light lavender of death. Just below his
text: throat, the neat hole where Preston's bullet entered.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I’m SO .... SG Very SOrry ---
text: The door abruptly opens and he pops up, emotion instantly
text: erased from his Face. ‘The Cremation Technician in the
text: doorway gives him an odd look.
text: Then sexs down a tray.
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Theee are the possessions he had on him
dialog: ac che time of death. The iliegal ones
dialog: will be-burned with him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ak
dialog: Page 64
text: He walks our, closing the door behind him. Preston's eyes
text: turn to the eray. On it are several of Partridge’s effects.
dialog: Keys, identification ... : . -
text: And an ENGRAVED SILVER CIGARETTE CASE. Picking it up, Pre&ton
text: feals the fine engraving with his fingertips. Opens it. .
text: Inside lie a dozen or more OLD PHOTOGRAPHS. He flips slowly
text: through them, drinking in the details of each.
dialog: They are, of course, pictures of strangers, probahiy ail long
text: dead for the most part, from an age long gone by.
dialog: hk happier time. .
text: Things look different. People ara dressed differently.
text: Celorfully. Women wear make-up. In many of the photos, borh
text: men and woman are smiling and even, Laughing.
text: He stops, eyes rising quickly at the SUDDEN SOUND of VOICES
text: approaching the door. Then, they fade away.
text: Retumming his attention back co the photos, ha turns te the
dialog: last picture. It is turaed ower. Om ita back ia written tha
text: word FREEDOWY. He considers the word an instant ...
text: Then flips it over. And freezas, Shocked.
scene_heading: It i4 of PARTRIDGE, Standing witk = BEAUTIFUL WOMAN.
speaker_heading: MARY .
text: Preston stares at the photo trembiing in his hands fer an
text: eternal moment. A thousand emotions stabhing through him,
scene_heading: INT. COMBUSTION ANTE-CHAMEBER - N/A
text: Preston stands watching as Partridge's hady travels dawn che
text: rollers into the hunger of the FLAMES.
text: Clenched hidden in Preston's fist, is tha PHOTO.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1901 - DAY
text: Presten sits opposite Mary in the high-ceilinged windowless
text: room 101, She smiles, amused.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We have to stop seeing each other like
dialog: this. People will talk.
text: But Preston is in no mood.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You said there weren‘t any others. You .
dialog: ‘said you Weren't part of any underground:
dialog: 
dialog: Page 5
speaker_heading: | MARY
dialog: { ts I‘m not. There aren‘c.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: : . PRESTOW
dialog: - Errel Partridge. | - +
text: Her eyes flutter momentarily. Recovering, she shrugs.
speaker_heading: MARY .
dialog: The name‘s supposed to maan something to -
dialog: he? '
speaker_heading: i PRESTOU
dialog: : A Grammaton Cleric, first class. You
dialog: knew him.
dialog: News bulletin. i'ma dense-Offender. I
dialog: doen't hang ‘round mich with the Cleric.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Re places the PHOTO on the table, flicks it across with a
text: i finger. She looks at it, just for an instant off her guard.
text: ‘Then just shrugs. Preston looks levelly back at her.
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: T want to know about him.
dialog: 
text: Soa! She looks back at him, equally level. Buc behind her
text: lavender eyes, sheta coming cD some inner dacision..
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Wall, E'd sugqase you go ask him, but I
text: understand that hes dead. Killed by
dialog: your Eziendgs at the Tetracranmmaton .
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Net my Exriends -- os.
text: The smile drops right off ber face. Shocked.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Tell me about Partridge.
text: Her gaze hevers on him an instant. Tren, quick as a cat, she
text: lunges across the table, grabbing up bis pencil and swinging
text: it hard at his carerid artery.
text: But Preston isn’t TetraGrammaten for rething. Faster, he
text: fatehes her and slams her back down on the table. For an
text: ! instant, they tremble there, his faca so close to hers he can
dialog: smell her, feel the energy sweeping off her ..-
dialog: 
text: Snap! the pencil clenched in both their hands cracks like a
dialog: rifle shot. : . .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page, 66
text: Relaxing, he releases her and goes to the wall, facing it.
text: emotions that must surely be etched upon it. - 4
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: What was he part of?
dialog: |
text: Runs hie hand over hig face, ag though trying to erase Che
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You really want to know? You talk about
dialog: service to Libria? You can’t even
dialog: imagine the sacrifice he was going =o
dialog: make before you murdered him.
text: Presten turns and looks back at her, every fiber screaming
text: put inside him, lenging to tell hed.
speaker_heading: : PRESTOW
dialog: You were ... lovers?
text: She only glares-haughtily back. Neither affirming nor
dialog: denying. And his pride will not allow him toe ask again.
dialog: He Turns 29 ga.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Can 7 pall you something?
text: Without turning, he pauses in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MARY -
dialog: IT bate you. And everyching you stand for.
text: He looks down a moment. Then gets che hell out of there
text: before he says something he regrets. . .
scene_heading: INT. DESKS - DAY
text: The wifice is empty. Preston sits at his desk, contemplating
text: the PHOTO of Mary and Partridge.
dialog: Ye tums it ever, The word FREEDOM written there. Mocking
dialog: him.
text: Ne stares at it. Then, intuitively, picks up a pen and writes
dialog: an alphabetic number under each letters: ¢ 165 5 4 15 13.
text: He considers what he has written a moment. Circles the first
dialog: pumber of each group.
dialog: 616 5411.
dialog: 
dialog: Page 67
scene_heading: Bf EXT. TELEPEONE - OAY
text: Oreston stands at a payphone. A voice picka up ...
speaker_heading: - , VOICE . 5
dialog: Freedom Reading Room, -
dialog: Preston hangs ur.
dialog: 
scene_heading: # EXT. FREEDOM READING ROOM - DAY
text: Preston stands across the street from a storefronk whose
text: sign reads RLOCK 42 FREEDGM READING ROOM.
scene_heading: # INT. FREZDGM READING ROOM = DAY -
text: Presten gterg in the door. Arrayed in chairs at school-atyle
text: tables, citizens pore over approved texts.
text: On the video screens arouné the room, the Faces of Libria
dialog: amiie,.
speaker_heading: coe FACES of LIBRIA
dialog: You are Father; I am Father; Father is
dialog: Everywhere ...
text: oe Ceming irom nehind a counter, the PROPRIETOR, a thin,
text: Ad nervens-icoking sycophant, approaches Sreston, ducking and
dialog: scraping: : .
speaker_heading: i PROPRIETOR
dialog: | Good afternoon, Sir. What will it be for
dialog: you? The latest copy of The Insensate.
dialog: A revised edition of the Manifest ia?
text: Preston drops open his Cleric identificatioa.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Errol Partridge. I want to know
dialog: everything you know about him.
text: The Pronriator's sucking smile vanishes.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: I... beg your paxdon.
text: Preston is in his element now. Investigating.
speaker_heading: . _ PRESTON
dialog: I'm going ta ask you one mere time. Errol
dialog: Partridge.” Tell me what you know.
scene_heading: ‘ : . PROPRIETOR .
dialog: to... I'm sure I deom‘t...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Paga 44
dialog: “
text: That's all he gets put before Preston grabs hin by his
text: collar, pieks him bodily up and giams him dawn onto a
text: tabletop - sending State-approved texts scattering.
text: The patrons of the reading room react, dully shocked. S
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You're a Senge Offender.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: I..1..1,.2I'm nott '
speaker_heading: : FRESTON
dialog: Wor Then how is it you've come to be so
dialog: frightened of me? .
dialog: 
text: Tre Proprietor just lies there, shivering with fear.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: tgrowls)
dialog: New - you will cell me everything there
dialog: is to know about Errol Partridge or I
dialog: will have a wagon come Eo take you to the
dialog: Hall ¢¢ Destruction for summary combustion.
text: The Man aputters.
speaker_heading: FROPREETOSR
dialog: I...I Tate veally den‘t know much.
speaker_heading: PRESTOR
dialog: . Speak.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: H..h. he'd come in with a fellow named
dialog: v..durgen.
text: Prestan tightens his choking grip.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Why.
text: Tre Proprietor looks fearfully inte his eyes.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: why.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: Th..Th..They were under the m. mistaken
dialog: impression there were p.-picture books to
dialog: he £..found here. . .
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Where can I find this person?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 69
dialog: a4
dialog: The Proprietor is hesitant
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: {rightening hia grip}
dialog: You don's seem to underacand. Father has 4
dialog: decreed thac Sense Offenders ara to be
text: destreyad on sight now.
dialog: People like, im other words, the proprietar:
speaker_heading: FROFRIETOR
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Fersonal Maintenance Bloc 27.
text: Preston reugnly releases Aim, gives the rest of the patrons 4
text: lock - daring them to defy his authority - then walks out.
text: Shakily Sinéing his feer, the Proprietor leaks to his
text: clientele. They are all staring back at him. Ha swallows.
scene_heading: EXT. APPEARANCE MAINTENANCE 27 - DAY
dialog: One of the numerous appearance maintenance centers throughout
dialog: the city where pergistent-growth technicianga give identical
text: hairmucs to each person who comes in.
text: FRESTON strides through the deor, TetraSzyanmaton badge out.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
text: Everyone out. Now.
text: Everyone scurvies co comply. Preston roughly catches the
text: MANASER as he tries to pass, shoving him back in the shop.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Nar you.
text: Ee shuts the door after the last person, locking it. Turning
text: beck, he can see the alazm in the Manager‘’s eyes.
text: Another Senge Offender.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Jurgen. I want him,
speaker_heading: MARAGER
dialog: Ifm quite certain I den’t know whack
dialog: you're# talking abouc.
text: Grabbing him, Preston drives him across the roam, slamming
text: inte the far wall between two hair-cutting stations.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I'm quite certain you de. |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 70
dialog: a
text: Though flustered, this one’s made of stiffer stuff than the
dialog: last ane.
speaker_heading: MANAGER,
dialog: You hurt ms. It's not legal. . +
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: It is if you're feeling.
text: az heart-pownding beat from Che manager. His resolve seats.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Prove it. .
text: Preston leaks at him 4 bear. Then releases him.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: You're sure about thar?7
text: The Manager swallews, but says nothing, standing his ground.
text: Preston holds on him one bent longer. Then nods. His ayes
text: Scanning thf shop, sixth sense engaging, absorbing every
dialog: detail of the chairs, tools, floors, walls... :
text: Stopping on the WALL MIRROR, its permit pasted in the corner.
text: He Looks hack te the Manager who has seen him see ie - a look
text: of ill-concealed alarm.
text: Stridiug over, Preston grabs him by nis jacket and swings him
text: smashing through the wirrer.
text: Tt drops in a shower, Jeaving in its wake, a JAGGED HOLE that
text: leaks inte A RIDDEN ROOM...
text: A Ridden room, walls covered with MAPS of Libria - diagrams
dialog: and plane of atrack .
text: Where a DOZEN MEN, a desperate-lacking group - like freedom
text: fighters - sit frozen raund a table.
scene_heading: INT, HIDDEN ROOM
text: Preston steoa through the shattered frame into the room.
text: Slowly, he aireles the table of stunned young men.
dialog: They know they are done for, they just can't beliave it,
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Which one’s durg#n?
text: Ko answer. He slams the table with his hand, making the mapa
text: and rolls of blueprints jump.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 71
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: Which one’s durgen!
dialog: Now they're too searad to speak-
speaker_heading: PRESTON 7
dialog: You're all as good as dust. 0 you
dialog: might‘’s wall talk.
speaker_heading: MAN ~
dialog: tspeaking up} .
dialog: Webody say anything.
text: Preston goes forthright to that man and kicks his chaix out
text: from undes him. The man, no more than 27, with dreadlocks
text: and dark skin, falls te the floor - and lies their limply,
text: knowing that to resist a Grammaton Cleric is ro imvite death.
dialog: ©
text: Pulling hts gun, Presten sights down on the man's forahaad.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Are you Jurgen?
text: The man scoruggles fer a moment internally. Then...
speaker_heading: _ MAN
dialog: He's not here.
text: Presten cocka the gun.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Youre lying.
speaker_heading: : ‘HAN
dialog: Go ahead. Kill ma. I’m going to die
dialog: anyway - if not here then at the Palace
dialog: of Justice at dusk. There's nothing more
dialog: you can take from me; from any of us.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: You have a family?
text: The man pales.
speaker_heading: MAH
dialog: (whigpers)}
dialog: They den't feel.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Tt don't care if-they feel or thay don't-
dialog: They're suspect. They'll get contaminatery
dialog: disposal - I'll see to it. .
text: ‘The balding man on the floor stares back at him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Page T2
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You fueking cold bastard.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: - : T'm Listening. - 4
text: The man hesitates. Then his features set.
dialog: ALAN . .
dialog: Go ahead. Kill me, kill my family;
dialog: they'ra as good ag walking dead anyway.
dialog: What Jurgen's going to do co you and
dialog: everything you stand for is well worth
dialog: dying to protect. Isn't that right, Boys?
text: A murmur from around the table. Preston sees red.. Reaching”
text: down, he hauls the man up and adams him down onto the table.
dialog: t
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Tall me goddamn it!
text: The Man stares back at him - startled by his vehemence ...
dialog: They alk do, Startled that he could be go... inpessioned.
text: The darkness clears from Preston's eyes. He straightens,
text: loaking fram face ta face staring back az kim - feeling naked
text: . exposed ... for an instant.
dialog: 
text: Fe covers by quickiy searching the man’s pockets. Comes up
text: ' : with an illegal MATCHBOOR with an address se¢ribbled under ‘its
text: dinner cover. Fockeating it, he leoks back to the tabla once
text: more, heart pounding. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Tell Jurgen I'm looking for hia.
scene_heading: F EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Alone, he ateps in an alley, pushing his eyes inte his hand.
dialog: Trembling. ©
speaker_heading: VoICe
dialog: Cleric John Preston!
text: Preston's eyes gnap up. A SWEEPER TANKER has Btepped juet
text: out in the street - two white-clad Sweepers with white-metal
dialog: machina guna. standing before it. :
speaker_heading: SWEEPER
dialog: You're to comeswith us!
text: Praston hesitates, hand moving an unnoticed inch towarde his mm
text: In his eyas flashes the thought of standing and fighting.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: rea
dialog: 
dialog: Page 73
speaker_heading: SHEEFER
dialog: Immediately!
text: A tenge beat as Preston's eyes consider the dark barrels of |
text: the Sweeper guns. A deep breath. He relaxes. 4
scene_heading: EXT. STEPS - PALACE OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: Preston igs silent as he mounts the palace steps ahead of the
text: two machine-gun teting Sweepers.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES OF THE VICE-COUNCIL - DAY
text: tinen Preston is escorted in by the Sweepers, DuFont is
text: staring out over the cityscape of Libria through the great T
text: cut into the wall of his office.
text: When he turns, there is no trace of humour.
speaker_heading: DUFONT
dialog: Cleric Preston...
text: Preston swallows imperceptibly.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: I’ve heard the most disturbing rumotr.
text: His pinning eyes make Preston go cold aa the grave.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: A rumour, Sir?
text: . DUPoRT .
dialog: Yes. One that maintains that, away from
dialog: the prying ey#e of the world, one of us -
dialog: one of the Cleric - has taken it upon
dialog: himself to cease his dase. Thar one of
dialog: mur elite qumber - is feeling. Can you
dialog: aimegine? .
dialog: Preston goes concrete inside. ALL he can think to aay is ..-
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
dialog: Feeling, Sir?
speaker_heading: . DOPRGNT ;
dialog: Are you playing with me Cleric!
text: A stark, ringing beat. Then Preston's voice, comes, a
text: whisper, dry as dust.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 74
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: _Ne Sir. I’m nat.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: This person, I’m told, is actually. +
text: aktempting to make contact with the
dialog: Resistance. Now bell me, if you'll be so
dialog: kind - how exactly have you been maki
dialog: use of your time of late? :
text: BR rigid heat as Preston stares back at this man who krews .
text: everything. It is all he can do to reach down inside and
text: make himself speak his own death-sentance - saying what
dialog: Tubont must already knew:
speaker_heading: PRESTON
text: Artempring to canract the Resistance.
dialog: t
speaker_heading: DOPONS
dialog: Attempting!!! Zow is it Ehat you intend
dialog: to expose this traitor if all you do is
dialog: atcempt!
dialog: Preston staras back act the other man - 43 the astounding fact
dialog: sinks in. DTwPont doesn’t know!!!
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: . to... you're absolvraly rods right
dialog: sir. :
speaker_heading: DOPORT
dialog: Of course I am. The Cleric is the final
dialog: line of defense. If the Resistance
dialog: compromises it, we are doomed. Father is
dialog: doomed.
text: Presten nods with a swallow of relief.
speaker_heading: _ PRESTO
dialog: Twill ... redouble my efforts. To
dialog: locate the Resistance .., to find this
dialog: traitor, And bring them te your fair
dialog: justice. .
text: In 411 humour, DuPont dismisses him with a surly wave and,
text: with a giiek, curt bow, Preston gets Fhe hell out of there as
text: fast as he can.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING COMPLEY - DAY :
text: He stands before a hundred story housing complex. Ten
text: thousand units, all identical. Consults the, MATCHBOOK he
text: took off the man in the hidden room.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 75
scene_heading: INT. CUSICLE - DAY
text: The door creaks open and Preston enters. Silence. Ib doses -
text: not appear that anynody is heme. He walks through the
dialog: cubicle - gixth sense engaged. 5
text: Tt is an ordinary cubicle, resembling his own.
text: He tans a wall, listening for hollowness ..-
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You've wasting your time ...°
text: He spins. The MAN that he roughed wp in the hidden reom av
text: the personal maintenance blec atands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: T'd hardly be stupid enoagh to keep
dialog: anything here.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: You ..--
text: He blinks at the man ® moment, realizing.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: You're Jurgen
text: The man moves more fully into the cubicle.
speaker_heading: URGE
dialog: You're feeling.
text: Freston hesitates.
speaker_heading: . : PRESTON
dialog: i could be faking it.
speaker_heading: TURGEN
dialog: femiles)
dialog: Hnowing what you know now - de you really
dialog: helieve that‘e possible ...7
dialog: Preston ie silent.
speaker_heading: URGE
dialog: fe you know why you came?
text: Preston hasitates a beat.
speaker_heading: , JURGEN
dialog: How could you? A million conilicving
dialog: amotions. On one hand your commitment to
dialog: the State; not so aasily forgot. The
dialog: other, the abhorrence of the wrongs
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HF
dialog: Page 76
dialog: a
dialog: committed in its name...
text: He takes a stan closer. Fresten stiffens as Jurgen raises a-
dialog: fand ... and lLaye it on his shoulder. No one has ever in his
dialog: life touched him compassionately before. - 5
speaker_heading: TURGER
dialog: and your natural desire for the company
dialog: and friendship of other human beings.
text: Praston trembles as the words tell a resounding chord in him.
text: He leeks down, ashamed, as his eyee mist.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Why did you come?
speaker_heading: TURGEN |
dialog: That's very simple, Preston. We need you.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR
text: In a pare, dank cellar hidden somewhere in the merropolia.
text: Presson site wired up to what leoks Eo be an oid, dilapidated
speaker_heading: LIE DETECTOR. : ‘
speaker_heading: JURGER
dialog: This is just a test, you understand ...
text: There are SEVERAL OTHER MEN with tham now. In the eyes of
text: all of them, the glint of desperate, driven mao. .
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: It’s what was called a polygraph. af
dialog: course there is no one left qualified to
dialog: interpret the results now, but it works
dialog: ‘by detecting amotional fluctuations-
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: And for ovr purposes - that's enough,
text: He neds to one of the men who ture it an. Jurgen paces
text: slowly around the dim room for a moment. Then, stepping
text: before Preston, he quietly speaks one word:
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: Mary.
text: The needle on the graph spikes, registering sharply from
text: Elatiine. Jurgen smiles sadly. knowingdy .
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: .° (qaierly)
dialog: You're in love with her ..-
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Fage 77
dialog: 4
text: Preston looks down, ashamed. Swallows hard, almost trembling.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I... I'm not even sure what it is +
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: Are you not then ... carrying in your .
text: left pocket a red ribbon sprayed with her
dialog: gtent ... _
text: Preston looks at him, shocked,
speaker_heading: TURGEN
dialog: 1. that you breathe in when you think
dialog: there’s no one bo sae ..;
text: Preston is astonished. Jurgen kneels to his level, words
text: dropping nearly to a rapid-fire whisper.
speaker_heading: _ JURGEN
dialog: But it’s not enough. What you feel, it
dialog: could only be satisfied fol¢ing yourself
dialog: inte her. For all cine. That’s love, -
dialog: Presten. I shewld know ... .
text: Ye rises, node. Draws a deep breath, code...
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: Io should know -.-
text: Presten looks at Lim - for the first time in his life -
dialog: understanding completely what anothe> human being is feeling.
speaker_heading: FRESTON
text: Shea's scheduled for combustion.
speaker_heading: JURSEN
dialog: T know.
text: Preston searches his features. How can as say it like that?
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: You're thinking [I'm cold. I'm like one
dialog: of them. But it's not so, Preston. i'd
dialog: do anything to save her. Anything at all.
dialog: Except betray her.
text: Ha draws 2 deep, quietly passionate breath.
dialog: 7
dialog: To risk a rescus now, at this junerure,
dialog: it would jeopardize everything we've
dialog: worked for, everything she's worked for.
dialog: She‘s a martyr, Freaton. A martyr.
dialog: For us all.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 78
text: He nods quietly :
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: Come with me. ; . 4
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE
text: Preston foliews him into a small, windowless office, sracked
dialog: high with books like The Wealth of Nations, Tha Rights of Man
dialog: and reams of papers. It ip the lair of the revolutionary...
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: Take a peat.
text: A beat, Freston complies. Jurgen settles into his chair on
text: the other side of the desk. Lights a cigar.
dialog: t
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: Twas like you. Sur che first ching you
dialog: learn = amotion hag its price.
text: Ha shakes nis head.
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: It's a paradex. Sut, without restraint,
dialog: avan control - emotion is chacs.
speaker_heading: . FRESTON
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: (raises hand) .
dialog: I know, The key difference is a matter
dialog: of degree. When we want to feel, we can.
dialog: So you see, in the case of Mary, though I
dialog: denperately want to cdo just thar, I can’t
dialog: allow myself that luxury - I have to see
dialog: beyond my emoticon.
text: He looks levelly across che desk at Praston.
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: and so must you, Preston.
text: Thay look at one another, the last words hanging there.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: What can I do? .
text: Jurgen contemplatively tape his cigar on the adge of the
dialog: ashtray for a moment. . .
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: You can kill Pather.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: CO}
dialog: 
dialog: Page 79
scene_heading: EXT. SEDEWALE - DAY
text: Preston walks rapidly away down the busy sidewalk.. Jurgen
text: walks quickly a few steps behind him. Neither of them = +
dialog: exhibits the slightest emotion but the truth is that both of
text: them are.exploding with it.
text: Invisible to all, Jurgen is pursuing FPreatan.
scene_heading: INT. ALLEY - DAY
text: He Follows Preston ico an alley where, gut of sight, he
text: grabs him and slams him up against the brick wall.
speaker_heading: JURGER
dialog: Listen to me.
dialog: t
text: Preston resists.
speaker_heading: : - BRESTOW
dialog: Togan‘e. I ean't do what you‘’re asking!
speaker_heading: : JORGEN
dialog: Bus dammit, doen't you séa/?71 You're our
dialog: only hope!
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Ioean‘e kill a man. The flret time I
dialog: -understand what life is, you want me to
dialog: take it. .r can't. Don't you understand?
dialog: I can't.
text: Jurgens releases him, taking a cold step back.
speaker_heading: . * JURGEN
dialog: What abour the Sweeper Team.
text: Preston looks back at him, realizing for the first time just
dialog: how deep Jurgem's resources are,
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: That was different ...
text: Jurgen is silent, struggling before he himgelf spits out:
speaker_heading: sURGEN
dialog: What do you think Partridge was doing?
text: Preston looks at him, shocked. But then, az it sinks in, of
dialog: course ... it makes perfect senwe.
speaker_heading: JURGEN .
dialog: You killed him before he could do it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: aE
dialog: Page 44
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: That‘s why you're a Godsend to us,
dialog: Preston, You're the only person thac can *
dialog: get through Father's eecurity. Without
dialog: you, we've lost everyshing. Without you
dialog: = wa're doomed. :
text: Preston can only stare at hin, overwhelined.
speaker_heading: . JORGEN
dialog: Think about it. :
text: And he walks out cf the alley. Neither of them seeing,
text: standing oi Che sidawalk across the street, a MAN with hig
text: hands buried deep in the pookats af his overcoat. ERANDT.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE SPACE - NIGHT :
text: Once again, deep in the bowels of Preston's building, he sits
text: in his storage space. One hand distractedly scratching the
text: puppy's head; the other grasping Mary's bir af ribbon ...
text: Stariag long and deep. into space. .
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - GAY
text: Preston gits now across f2om MARY in the cold white of Dom
text: 101. ‘There is a long silence.
speaker_heading: HARY
dialog: My combustion has been scheduled fox dusk
dialog: today. -
text: Preston nods. -She herself looks down at the table now.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: «+. Yott kegp coming ...
text: He says nothing.
text: Abruptly, hia wateh begins beeping - alarting him thac it is
text: time to take his Librium. It beeps starkly im the gilence of
text: the conerece room between them. Quietly, he turns it off.
text: She watches him a beat.
speaker_heading: . , MARY
dialog: Aren't you going to dose?
text: He doas not reply, silently staring down at the table ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: ‘Mary’ ..:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 61
text: He traces a pattern on it with his finger.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: .-- it's a beautiful name ..- : 5
dialog: Her eyas narrow. Did he say what she thinks he juse said?
text: He does not ieck up at her. she cocks her head, realizing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My God .... you feel ...
dialog: He saye nothing. -Until Finally ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Ifve been te gee Jurgen ...
text: Bhe remains silent. Stunned. Riveted on hin.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: They want me to kill Father.
text: He looks up at her for she firgt time.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: And anothar thing ...
text: Eyes brimring now with uncencealed feeling:
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: I‘m in love with you.
text: Shea stares back at him a leng moment. Then TEARS, big and
text: full as dimmonds, begin pouring silencly down her cheeks.
text: They both juse sit there Lika that for the longest rime.
dialog: Until: finally ...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: ace What will you ... da
text: Preston looks down.
speaker_heading: 1 FRESTOW
dialog: +». I don’t know ...
dialog: Sha node, stlenciy.
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: We have ... such difficult thresholds to
dialog: cress. .
text: ghe words hit him like a-bolt, twisting a knot in his throat.
text: Néither acknowledges the CAMERA, a Black eye staring dom ... -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ce
dialog: Sage 82:
text: But quietly, sliding slowly, nearly imperceptibly forward...
dialog: Lee at the viek of everything ..-
text: .. in the center of the table ...
dialog: ... their fingertipe ---
dialog: . touch.
scene_heading: INT, HOUSE OF THE TETRAGRAMMATON - DAY
text: The House of the Tetragrammaten - the vast palece where
text: Father dwells. Preston intercepts DuPent on his way down the
text: mprridor with his BATTALION OF BODYGUARDS .
speaker_heading: PRESTOR
dialog: gir - a few moments?
text: puront considers him an instant - chen nods.
speaker_heading: : _ DUPONT
dialog: Walk with me. I'm te see Father.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE OF THE TETRAGRAMMATON - SECURITY BIRLOCK - DAY
text: Preston follaws Dyrent through a heavily guarded security
text: Airlock, DuPont apds co the ‘brutally armed Sweepers.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: He's with me.
text: The Sweeper Teams duly relieve Preavon uf has firearm and
text: allow him te follow Dupont through the heavy METAL DETECTORS.
scene_heading: _INT. H.0.T. HALL OF MIRRORS - DAY
text: Into a leng, BAROOUE HALL whese ceilings soar to over 29
text: feat. Lined along its wails and in parapets half-way up,
text: HEAVILY ARMED SWEEPERS stand vigilant. :
text: Preston takes it all in as he walks at DuPent's side.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Yes, Claric?
text: Preston snaps his ettention back to DuPont.
speaker_heading: .” PRESTON
dialog: Yes Sir, if you recall, I'd spoken to you
dialog: about a Senge Offender eriticai cro my
dialog: investigation inte the uadarground ...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 43
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: We process a yreat number ef offenders,
dialog: Cleric.
text: Preston hesitates an internal instant. . +
speaker_heading: PRESTON ,
dialog: You'd deseribed this one as pretty.
dialog: 1 .
text: DuPont turns a dark eye on him.
speaker_heading: BUPOUT
dialog: Are you quite sure that’s the word '!
dialog: used, Clerie? It .ccuid be misconstrued.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Maybe I’m... mistaken, Sir.
text: DuPont considers him a deep instant.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: What about her?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
text: She's acheduled to be incinerated today.
dialog: I eannot locate the resistance withece
dialog: her aid. I'm... I‘m begging you.
speaker_heading: . DUPONT
dialog: T see...
text: DuPont studies him - long and deep.
speaker_heading: DUSONT
dialog: In any case « Tive already spoken ta
dialog: Father about this woman on your behalf.
dialog: He was, sadly, unyielding. She’li burn
dialog: as scheduled. :
text: Everything within Preston shrivels.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: His will is hard - but that's what takes
dialog: him great, ig it not, Cleric?
text: When Preston finally finds ic in himself to speak, it is with
text: an empty whisper.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yeo. .
speaker_heading: DUPONT .
dialog: And that wa prevail in the face o:
dialog: adversity makes ud ourselves great, yes?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Page B4
dialog: 4
text: Preaton climbs the dark, dark hill in his heart.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yes.
dialog: . ‘
text: DuPont seems pleased as they stop at the HEAVILY GUARDED
text: GILDED DOORS at the far end of the hall.
speaker_heading: DUPONT uo
dialog: Tf you are able to fpllow this through to
dialog: ite end - you'll choose your own reward.
text: Feart dark, Preston holds on the other man & moment.
speaker_heading: PRES TOW
dialog: My ceward, Sir - would be the pleasure of
dialog: knowing thar IT had freed, Father ...
text: He takes a last Isek at the huge heavily guarded hall.
speaker_heading: PRESTON .
dialog: ... from the terrible necessity of all.
dialog: bhis security.
text: BuPort looks at him a curious instant - then signals to the
text: guards who open the great doors. Allowing him to pass
text: through into audience with FATHER.
text: Preston stands there ag the quards re-shut the dsors
dialog: peremptorily in mis face. :
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: #nether windowless room hidden somewhere in the stark
text: Metropalis, Wells cluttered with maps and diagrams and plans
text: Of attack. A meeting place of revolutionaries.
text: WURGEN and nis QOMPATRIOTS are here. They sit acrosa from
dialog: Preeton. :
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
text: There's at least fifty men. Maybe more.
speaker_heading: TURGEN
dialog: What about an audiencer Could you
dialog: somehow arrange to meet with him? That
dialog: would gat you through security.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: Father's never seen anyone. Ever.
text: A tough silence.
speaker_heading: ’ SJURGEN
dialog: They trained you your whole life to fight
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: db
dialog: =
dialog: Fage a5
dialog: 4
dialog: these kind of odde, Preston ...
text: Preston is silent, struggling.
speaker_heading: PRESTON . 3
dialog: Evan if I could - even if § coutd make it
dialog: through - what guarantee is there it
dialog: world accomplish anything? That anything
dialog: would be different?
text: Jurgen nods, rising to the catalog of maps and bluaprints
text: that paper the walle. A giant map of citadel Libria ...
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: We have a network that's larger than you
dialog: imagine. The ingtant word is gotten that
text: Fathexs is dead, bombs char have already
dialog: been planted ...
text: He indicates on the vast map - here ... here ... and here ...
speaker_heading: SURGEN
dialog: ... toey'll be see off in the Librium
dialog: clinics and facrorias arcund Libria. If
dialog: we can succeed in disrunting the supply
dialog: for even one day, iit cause will be won
dialog: by human nature itself.
text: He looks at Preston.
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: Will you? Will you ce it”
text: Prastom is silent again, waging a battle that's already Lost :
dialog: in hie heare. .
speaker_heading: PRESTON .
dialog: What about war? The everyday cruelties
dialog: that are all gone now ...
speaker_heading: / JURGEN .
dialog: Replaced by the TetraSrampaton. You do
dialog: it for us wholeaalie, dan't you ...
text: A heavy silence. Freston knows he's right.
speaker_heading: CURGEN
dialog: BX1] you do rr?
text: The lonqeet beat.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ae
dialog: Page @6
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY
text: Jurgen sees Preston out to the sidewalk. He catches
text: Preston's am. A beat between the two men.
speaker_heading: JURGEN
dialog: You'll say goodbye to har for mé, won't
dialog: you?
text: Preston stares at the other man, Then nods. The two man,
text: both in love with the same woman, shake hands. .
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT STORAGE SPACE - NIGHT
text: The PUPPY lies nose between his front paws on the flcor of
text: Preston's small storage space, A SHADOW falls across him and
text: he gerg ca Ais fast, coming hopefully to the gate.
dialog: But if the dog is hoping for some affection, he iz doomed to
text: aisappoinnmant. The shadow belongs to BRANDT.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Preston drives. sya lost in the mid-distance. Neither
text: geeing nor hearing the cars and trafZic around him.
scene_heading: ZNT. PALACE OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: He flaghes hig I.0, as he walks through tha metal detectors.
scene_heading: INT. DETENTION WING - DAY
text: He stands outside her cell, hand to his eyss. Struggling ta
text: force himself in go in and say goodbye forever.
text: Finelly, he turns and nods to the guard. The guard inserts
text: the key inte the lock end opens the door.
scene_heading: ENT. CELL - PALACE OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: But when Preston walks in, he ia shocked to find, instead of
text: Mary, & GRIZZLED MALE PRISONER sitting there.
dialog: She ia gone.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD STATION - DAY
text: The quard shrugs.
speaker_heading: ; -1GTARD
dialog: There was 4 bit of slack in the schedule.
dialog: No one saw why she shouldn't go early.
text: Preston stares at hima dead beat. Phen dashes out.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ar
dialog: Page 87
dialog: a
scene_heading: INT. PALACE OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: Preston fairly flies dewn the cecrideys, turning heade as he-
dialog: ,
text: ‘ go#s tearing by.
scene_heading: THT. FPALACE OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: He skids te the elevators, slapping the buttons. Hovers an
dialog: instant ... Osashes for the stairs. :
scene_heading: INT. DESTRUCTION WING - PALACE OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: Be skids breathlessly te the security checkpoint, flashing
dialog: hig badge.
speaker_heading: PRESTON -
dialog: Cleric! Tf need te pags
text: He agonizes while the GUARD serutinizea hia Tp. |
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: The 5 G'ecleck! Ts she ...7
speaker_heading: SECURITY .
dialog: We don’t keep track of scheduling here.
dialog: You're clear to nrocead d...
text: But Presten is gone, Like a horsé aut of the gate.
scene_heading: INT. DESTRUCTION WING - PALACE OF JUSTICE
text: The guards come to their feet at the secondary checkpoint ag
text: Preston Blasts by tham without stapoing.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Hey!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH-WALK - PALACE OF JUSTICE
text: He skids around the comer in time te see a short column of
text: people walking down towards the JNCINERATION CHAMBER ac tha
text: distant end of the long, low carzider.
text: In the center of the column, in a light, backless smock, MARY
dialog: walks Barafoot. ,
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Mary!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH-ROOM ANTECHAMBER:”
text: Stopping just outside of the Incinerarium, an INCINERATION
text: TECHNICIAN begins removing Mary's smock. She looks peaceful,
text: registering no surprise when she looks up and seea Preston
text: running towards her.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page g6-
dialog: |
speaker_heading: PRESTON |
dialog: Mary! -
text: A guard moves ta stop him, but he ghoves the man aside. +
scene_heading: INCINERATION TECHNICIAN
dialog: Hey now...
speaker_heading: PRESTON :
dialog: (flashing badge} .
dialog: Cleric, I havea to question this person,
dialog: now etap back. .
text: The Technician locks unesartainly to the ARMED GUARDS.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: {threatening}
dialog: fo said step back! .
text: Cowed, the technician releases Mary's smock and steps back.
text: Preston turns co her, voice dropping to & Gasperate whisper.
speaker_heading: FRESTON
dialog: Mary, listen fo me - J can’t he withouc
dialog: you. I can't. I don’t care about
dialog: anything else. I den‘'e care about Father,
dialog: any of it, gus being with you...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Preston ...
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: turgent}
dialog: Mo ligtan to me, I can take these
dialog: people, co can. We can get out of hare.
text: She looks ar him a peaceful moment.
speaker_heading: . MARY -
dialog: And then what, Preston? -
text: He etares back at her - trembling - unable to answer.
text: She looks at him for the deepest moment. Then, sadly, shakes
dialog: har head. : :
speaker_heading: ‘MARY :
dialog: My one regret is Chat we aidn't have mora
dialog: . of everything” wee
text: She touches the side of his face. The Incineration
text: Technician and guards look shocked, But Preston makes no
text: move to atop her, hia anguished eyes -drinking hers.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: Page B39
speaker_heading: "PRESTON
dialog: Mary, you don’t underatand - I‘11 die
dialog: here with you, 1 don’k care ---
dialog: She nods. : re oy
speaker_heading: MARY .
dialog: Tt do understand. But understand me - I
dialog: go to this five for a reason.
text: Shaking her head with the greatest gravity.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Promise me - if's not for nething.
text: He staves at her, tortured, anguished. He starts ta speak,
text: but she stops hin.
dialog: t
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Promise me
text: All fe.can finally manage ..- is a muce nod. She nods too.
text: Risaes hig cheek end turns to the Incineration Technicians.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm reacy.
text: They remeve her smock. The door te the incineration chamber
text: sucke open and she skeps in, She ‘hurne, Looking at Preston,
text: so beatific, go utterly beautiful, as the door sucks shut. °
text: Thara is a moment. Then behind the pmall window, there is @
text: WHOOSH! and a brilliant flash of orenge. Shea's gone.
text: Stunned, head ringing, Preston's eyes move to the SMORED
text: GLBSS WINDOK above the incineration chamber .
text: He can see a DARK FORM behind it.
dialog: It could only be ..-
speaker_heading: FATHER.
scene_heading: -EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY
text: In a state of chock, Preston shuffles down the Palace steps
text: and merges into the flew of sidawalk traffic pedestrians.
text: He walks like that, unfocused, shell-shocked, for several
text: yards before - finally, simply - dropping to his knees.
text: Pressing his face inta hia hands - he WEEPS..
text: Passersby tusn and stare ag he openly ories his heart out.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: f
speaker_heading: F
dialog: Py
dialog: He
dialog: ar
dialog: Fage 34
dialog: .
text: A PAIR OF POLISHED SHOZS stops in front of him. Slinded by
text: tears, Preston looks up at the silhouetted figure towering
dialog: over him. vs
speaker_heading: BRANDT : 7
dialog: Clerie Jehn Freghoan - you're under arrest.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE OF JUSTICE - NIGHT
text: officers and civilians alike turm to staré as Preston is
text: driven ahead of Brandt and three armed and uniformed
dialog: Enforcement officers.
text: He has been severely beaten. He stumbles and Brands kicka him
text: from behind, pronelling him crashing forward ante tha floor.
text: Brandt, panting, looks at those who stare back at them.
dialog: i
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: This man - 4 Senior Cleric! Has ceasad
dialog: the Dose! He ie feeling!
text: He kicks Preston egain. Presten takes it with less emotion
dialog: than he'd expressed even before he began to feel.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: This man! Is the worm thac has been ea ring
dialog: at the core of our Great Society. And Z
dialog: hava brought him for your justice!
text: He haule Preston to his feet, hissing inte his ear.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I told you [’d make my caress with you,
dialog: Presten. .
scene_heading: INT, OFFICES OF THE VICE-COUNCIL - DAY
text: DUPONT is in the miceac of a dictetion to nis secretary when
text: the great carved doors fly open and Preston comes stumbling
text: in - crashing into a heap on the floor.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: VWiee-Council! ‘This man is guilty of
dialog: eonsorting with Sanse Offenders, of
dialog: having relations with a female ....
text: His lips curl ag he speaks these last mnet damning words.
speaker_heading: *” BRANDT
dialog: Of Sense Crime itself.
text: Dupent Looks at them both - surprised. Nods to a SWEEFER
text: standing at the door.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 91
speaker_heading: : DUPGNT :
dialog: Dispatch a search team to che Cleric’s
text: quarters to search for unused Librium.
text: The man salutes and exirs instantly eo comply. 5
speaker_heading: BRANDT '
dialog: That won't even be necessary, Bir. It
dialog: you run the trace record on his: sidearm,
dialog: you will see that it was ha whe was with |!
dialog: the Sweener Team when they were killed. : :
text: Vice-Council DuPent considers him for a moment. The.
text: pulling his keyboard foxward, he runs the trace.
text: Ha stares. astonished, at the result. Looks to Preston.
speaker_heading: DUPONT '
dialog: Cleric - I assume you have something to
dialog: Bay to me?
dialog: 
text: A beat. Then, bloody, Preston pulls hinself up off the fleer.
speaker_heading: PRESTON :
dialog: tTknew .., it’s hard ta nelieve -.- that
dialog: a Clerie of the Tetragranmaten --- could
dialog: turn hig back on everything he has been
dialog: raugrt ... =o become @ Sense offender ..-
dialog: to become associated with the resistence
dialog: , even becoming ... a provacateur in
dialog: ite underground movement ... bub it's
dialog: Brug...
text: frandt‘s eyes burn bright at the confession. Preston neds.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON
dialog: i promised I would bring that man [Oo yeu.
dialog: And I have.
text: He looks at Brande - who looks confused for a moment. Theo
text: beffled. He looks to DuPont whe shakes his haad.
speaker_heading: DUBONT
dialog: Cleric Brandt - the trace shows that it
dialog: was you in the Zone with the Sweepera.
text: He tusns the screen so that Brandt too cam see the trace
text: record. Brandt staves at it. His gun in the Zone.
speaker_heading: . ° BRANDT
dialog: H..But it's impossible .-.-
text: DuPont only blinks back at him. abruptly, Brandt reaches
text: inside his coat - the GUNS of the Sweepers that accompanied
dialog: them snap up .-. . ‘
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 92
dialog: “ :
text: He freezes - then slowly draws the gun out by the muzzle.
dialog: And sess for the firet tima, etched into the butt in fine. ~
dialog: letters - Grammaton Cleric Preston. .
dialog: . +
dialog: And he flashes back: . . -
text: TO HTS CAR: The house in the zone burning in the background.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Whe will be left to watch .,.
text: 4 beset. Then Presron hands Frande his gun.
text: BACK - Brandt's eyes shoot up as he realizes.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: He switched then. i
text: He holde the gun up.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You see?? J have Ais gun.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: {dry}
dialog: Of course you de. You took it when you
dialog: arrested me. .
text: Brandt stares at him. At them.all. Feeling the walls
text: tumbling down all around hin.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: T suppose I should have known By the
dialog: enthusiasm, the vary rabid nassion with
dialog: which you pursued this task. A fervor
dialog: reminiscent almost ... :
text: Sis eyes narrow thinly.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: of a man feeling.
text: Brandt goes gqrave-cold. Dupont nods toa the Sweapers.
speaker_heading: DUPORT
dialog: Take him te the Hall of Destruction for
dialog: summary judgment and combustion.
text: The three black-clad guards grab Brandt, whe can't believe
text: it, dragging him out.”
speaker_heading: . : BRANDT /
dialog: Nol It's him! Himi Not mat Hin!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Paarl
dialog: 
dialog: Page 93
dialog: 4
text: and he i¢ gone. DuPont leoks te bloodied Preston.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Of course, since a complaint has been
dialog: jedced, the law and the letter is that I 5
dialog: allow the team to carry out the sedrch ef
dialog: your premises. Da you think that's
dialog: entirely necassary, Cleric? Or am 7
dialog: being ... ta unyielding? :
text: Preston wavers only an instant.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: As you say, Sir - it's the law and che
dialog: ketter.
speaker_heading: DUPONT
speaker_heading: tsmiles
dialog: And it daesa‘t disturb you in the least
dialog: that he's going to his end?
text: Preston looks at him.
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
dialog: How could it?
text: DuPont suiles to himself again. Right answex, as always.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: It disturbs me only that I am Father"s
dialog: ingtrumenc - yet have nevar had the honor
dialog: of meeting him.
text: TuPent looks ab him, surprised.
speaker_heading: . DUPONT
dialog: Bur Clerie ... you know Father never
dialog: gives audience to anyone ...
text: Preston steps through the dark deorway in his neat.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Fven the man who brings him the
dialog: Resistance? .
text: vha two men regard aech other - a Faustian bargain struck.
scene_heading: EXT. PRESTON’S APARTMENT MEGAPLEX - DAY
text: When Fraston pulls up, sa#veral WHITE VANS are massed outside
text: at the curb, SEARCH UNITS coordinating.
text: A search coordinator approaches as he emerges from his car.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: aE
dialog: ar
dialog: . Page 94 |
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: SEARCH COORDINATOR
dialog: Cleric, you understand, this is juat a
dialog: formality
text: Bur Preston just waves him off. . 5
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Tive nothing to hide.
scene_heading: INT. BUILEING - DAY
text: But the second he enters his building, ‘beyond the reach of
text: the preparing searchers’ eyes, he breaks -ioto a mm.
scene_heading: ‘INT. STAIRWELL - DAY
text: Flying up the stairwell ...
scene_heading: INT. ABARTMENT - DAY
text: Bursting inte nis apartment.
scene_heading: TNT. BATHROOM - DAY ,
text: Skidding inte his bathroom where, adrenaling surging, he
text: yanks the qdyror away from the wall-
text: Bod Finds, to his shack - che hibrium fs gane. He thrusts
text: fis hand deep inte the cavity - but nothing is there. -
text: He stands, pulse povnding. Where gid tr go?”
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Looking for somathing?
text: fe whirls. ROBBIE'S cold eyas stare back at him. A beat of
text: stark, ringing truth ... :
text: The boy's hand rises - opening.
text: Ravealing a small sea of amber ampules. Preston's Libritm.
text: His eyes shoot back up ta his son's. :
dialog: The gearch taams - can he heard, Coming.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Tf Il were you ..-
text: He closes his hand.
speaker_heading: ROBEIE .
dialog: i'd be more careful in the future.
text: Preston skares at the boy - ghocked. He is even more stunned
text: when LISA appears. Robbie places his hand on her shoulders -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: aE
speaker_heading: “Page 95
dialog: 7
dialog: in =e way that could only be deseribed as fraternal.
text: and it hits Prescon all at once - they‘re feeling toa, Thay”
dialog: always were. Only concealing it - from him.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: But how ...
text: The boy lecks at his Father with a gravity far beyond hig
dialog: years. :
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You forget - it's my job te know what
dialog: yourre thinking
text: Man and Boy look at each ocher. Gike etacing into a mirror.
text: Preston nods. .
speaker_heading: PRESTOW
dialog: Then you know what I'm going to do now.
text: The boy just looks back at him - and simply says:
speaker_heading: ‘ROBBIZ
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: Preston sits at a table, phona to hia ear.
speaker_heading: PHONE
dialog: You're conmected with the Vice-Council.
text: pubent's voice comes on the line.
speaker_heading: . DUPONT’ VOICE
dialog: Yeu?
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: It's done.
speaker_heading: DUSONT’ § VOICE
dialog: The Resistance? :
text: Like Judas with Christ and his disciples, Preston SITS with
text: TURGEN and hig top men. He exchanges a glance with them.
dialog: This ig their sacrifice, their doom - and they know it.
speaker_heading: _ PRESTON
dialog: Send a wagon now ~ you'll have them all.
text: . Preston terminates the line - looks to the cthers. Grim.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ah
text: his’ accomplices ints the waiting wagons-
dialog: Page 96
scene_heading: EAT. BUILDING - DAY
text: Ha stands by watching as nlack-clad Enforcers lead Jurgen and
dialog: : 4
text: His eyes meet Jurgen'’s as he is shoved into the wagon. The.
text: message in the. revolutionary’#s own eyes is clear - I go to my
dialog: death, I pray you doe what mist be done.
text: The door is sheammed shut. An Enforcer nods to Preston.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER
dialog: The Vice-Couneil has sent me to tell you
dialog: ~ yeu may think of any reward you wish-
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Tell the Vice-Council there's only one
dialog: thing that will make me complete.
text: The Engzorcer looks at the killing machine standing hafore him.
speaker_heading: PRESTOW
dialog: To meat Father’.
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - DUSK
text: BR rad secin interior, sumptuous like the interier of a
text: coféin. Preston rides alone in the back.
text: He opene his hand. In it lies a tiny flawer. |
scene_heading: INT. ROUSE OF THE TETRAGRAMMATON CORRIDOR'S - GUSE
text: A SERVANT ushers Preston through the corridars. -
speaker_heading: oot SERVANT
dialog: Do net address Father unless first
text: addressed by him. Avoid eye-cantact. If
dialog: you should break his foux foot personal
dialog: safety zone, you will be put down
text: immediately by the snipers. Underataod?
text: preston nods, hardly hearing tha man through the rush of
text: thoughts in his head.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: You'L] be required to surrender your
dialog: firearm, of course, and pass through a
text: series of matal detectora. And then
dialog: there's the test’...
text: Preston Jeoks at him, alarmed,
speaker_heading: ” PRESTON
dialog: Test?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 87
text: They stop at the steal deer of the SECURITY AIRLOCK.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: Yes, yea - you'den’t imagine we'd risk | »
dialog: expoging even auch a dedicated servant as
dialog: yourself to Father without first having
dialog: you tested did yout ‘
text: Freston’s heart beats. A btest?i? The servant ushers him
dialog: through .-.- :
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY ALRLOCK
dialog: _., inte the leng, low steal chamher that designates the
text: gateway becween Libria and the inner-sanctum of Father.
text: One of Fathar’s personal banner guard, his Praetorian guard,
text: sreps forward.
speaker_heading: LS GUARD
dialog: Your Firearm, Cleric.
text: Preston hesitates - then surrenders the weapor.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: Rer@ ...
dialog: Presten seas that a LIE DETECTOR stands nexc te che metal
dialog: deteccor. : -
speaker_heading: ‘SERVANT
dialog: sit.
text: Preston looks around. There are seven Sweepers in here, all
dialog: haavily armed.- He has no choice. -
text: He sits, Two technistans quickly heck up the senSOre.
text: A DOCTOR steps forward.
speaker_heading: BOCTSR
dialog: We'll start with 2 test question first.
text: te nods to the Polygraph Tech who flicks che machine on.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: More of a riddle actually. What, would
dialog: you say, is tha ‘eugiest way to gét B gum
dialog: away from a Granimaton Cleric ... 7?
text: He amiles, And ANOTHER VOICE fills the blank:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Agk him for it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 58
text: Preston looks sharply to 5e# @ LARGE WALL MONITOR flickering
text: to life with the CHANGING FACES Cf LIBRIA. ”
text: ALL SEVEN of cha Sweeper'’s guns snap up in line with +
dialog: Preston's head. : .
scene_heading: FACES OF LIBRIA/MAN ©
dialog: Did you really think we'd be so stupid...
speaker_heading: FACES OF LIBRIA/ WOMAN
dialog: As nok to know you were feeling, Preston?
text: The Polygraph needle starts - registering Preston’ & surprise.
scene_heading: FACES OF LISRIA/BOY
dialog: pid you forger.... ? .
text: The changing faces abruptly stop changing. settling on ONE
text: FINAL FACE whose sye9 jance back into Preston's own.
speaker_heading: DupONT'S.
speaker_heading: DUFGHT’S IMAGE
dialog: I'm everywhere.
text: . The EOLYGRAPH goes mits, expending 3 sudden flurry of ink as
dialog: Preston's emotional response redline. :
text: DuFont smilas alightly.
speaker_heading: DOPONT’S IMAGE
dialog: Thank you, Preston. You've consolidated
dialog: my power, given me the Resistance.
text: The perspective on the screan WIDENS zlightly. Ts inclade
text: rhe head of a WOMAN DuPont stands just behind.
speaker_heading: MARY.
speaker_heading: DUPONT .
dialog: And everyone tommected to it. only
dialog: someone who wad qruly feeling could have
dialog: dome it. Brava.
text: Mary's #yes, proud and misted, try te turn from the screen,
dialog: trying wot to give DuPont Eha satiofaction - bur twining his
text: fingers inte her hair, he forges her face forward.
speaker_heading: _ BobowT’s THAGE
dialog: And now Preston, I have you 46 well.
text: ’ Cality, coolly- Utterly without incident.
text: Preston stares ¢xembling back into the gereen. A million
text: eoiliding thoughts igniting behind his eyes. :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Fage 99
text: hen, im an instant, they all disappear - replaced hy the abyss.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: No... 5
text: Slowly, he shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Not without incident.
text: Behind him, the needle on the polygraph, that had heen
text: vibrating madly with his pounding heart
text: Suddenly drops to a smooch flatiine.
scene_heading: POLYGRAPH TECHNICIAN
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh ... ie...
text: And before anyone knews it, Preston has stripped the GUN from
text: guard just behind him and BLABLAM! has shot the docter
dialog: between fhe eyes. : ,
text: As that man goes down - like the Phoanix - Preston rises.
text: Electrodes falling away like guy wires, BLADAM BLADAM! BLAM!
text: in the blink ci an eye, <aster than thought, he guns the sevelt
dialog: guards down in their tracks - Chey never ghaed 4a chance.
text: Retrieving his first gun, he kills the Polygraph Technician
text: and pauses - looking at the ¢ine-acreen ...
text: On which DuFent's visage stares back at him - astonished at
dialog: the turn of events.
speaker_heading: : PRESTON
dialog: I'm coming.
text: Pow! he Bkows DuPont’s startled image out of the screen and
text: ducks through the screaming metal datechors.
scene_heading: EXT. HALL OF MIRRORS - DAY
text: Security Forces stream ‘into the magnificent hall to meet him,
dialog: but lest we forget, Presten is a Grammaton Cleric. First
dialog: Class. He is the best.
text: In a blaze of Fire, both guns bucking like pistons, he tolls
text: in blood the history of avery an who dares challenge him,
text: rolling like thunder down the mirrored corridor.
text: gUNS flowing with tha machine-like grace of a printing press,
text: a blur of Fire in hia hards, he fills the statistical
text: trajectories with blacing paths of lead.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 100
dialog: at
text: Everywhere, the Sweeper Teams go down, withering under the
text: fury of hig unstoppable assault.
scene_heading: INT. ANTEROOM - DAY :
text: He burste into the amtervem. The six guards ‘in there knew he
dialog: was coming, they could hear ic .-. . :
text: Buk so awesome waa the sound of the battle rumbling
text: Jinexarably towards them that they were heaten before he even
text: stepped inte the room and blew them back through the doors...
scene_heading: INT. FATHER’S BOUDOTR - DAY
text: Inte Father‘s chambers. Coming on like the Fourth Horseman
text: himself, Preston follows their collapsing bodies into a
text: massive marble room of invonparahle, beauty and elegance.
text: Where DUPONT atands.
text: Qaietly, silantly, TWO PISTOLS dangling in his hands at his
text: giges, Preston's eyes quickly scam the reom.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Where ig she ..-
text: Durant nelds en him steadily.
speaker_heading: : DUPONT
dialog: You seemed go taken with her - I have te
dialog: admit ... : .
text: hk whimsical shrug.
speaker_heading: COPONT
dialog: Twas intrigued.
text: Hie guns snap up - Praston's match him ‘millimeter for
dialog: millimeter. .
text: Slowly, they circle.
text: Preston movas his guns - DuPoat's mirroring their nevenenta,
text: muzzle to muzzle - as though they ware tied together by
text: invisible strings.
speaker_heading: BUPOMT
dialog: Remember, Preston - I‘m Grammaton Cleri¢
dialog: too. I know your, thoughts ~ evan as you do.
speaker_heading: PRESTON ,
dialog: Tren you kmew I'm going ro kil you.
text: Pow! he and Cupont suddenly and simultaneously fire, bullets
text: colliding and EXPLODING in the air between them. .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page if:
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: (eireling)
dialog: That I'm not quite picking up. +
text: POW! Preston fires. DuPont, synchronized with him, fires at
text: the exact same instant and trajactory. pullets exploding inte
text: shrapnel between them.
dialog: And that’s it, che dam bursts.
text: BLAMIBLAM!SLAM!, like pure ballet. a whirling, swirling,
text: two-fieted sworéfight with bullets erupts between Presten and
dialog: DuPont ..4-
dialog: Se accurate and so intuitive are they moth that’ every bullet
text: fired by one is parried - blasted gut of existence - by the
dialog: answering bullet of the other. -
text: Tn an instant, the air is thick with screaming shraonal as
text: their bullets explode together in & machine-gun staccato of
text: gtuttering collisions.
text: Meither man able to get toe edge over the other whose
text: movements he instinctively knows.
text: The COUNTER on Preston's gun, lying down towards zero.
text: zbeuptly, at ONE, Preston sping-- aiming down at SuPenc’s
text: thigh, drawing DuPont spinning and his awn gun down in a
dialog: MiPrar CHOuMcer-movement ...
dialog: But act the lass inetant, Preston dossn’t fire as Powi
text: DuPont's bullet spite out of his gun and FUMCHES thru
text: Preston's thigh.
text: A Eight gasp through clenched teeth and Preston staggers -.-
text: Then ... straightens
text: DuPont's gun has clicked epen, having matched Preston bullet
dialog: for bullet - all now spent. Sue Preston eeill has hie dest
dialog: one. :
text: His eyes come up, clear. He took the bullet on purpose. He
dialog: directed it where he wanted it and took it.
text: He raises his gun in line with DuPont's forehead, <
speaker_heading: “IRON
dialog: Wait!
dialog: Preeton does.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Fage 102
speaker_heading: DUPONT
dialog: Lock ac me. I’m life. T live. Tf
dialog: Breathe, I feel. Mow that you knew it -
dialog: ean you really take it? 5
text: Preston stares back at him - the words not without effect a5
text: the emotions batria inside him.
text: Finally, quietly, he drops the lever on his pistol grip soa
text: chat the LCD on it now reqiaters "Explosive round armedi*
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Pather la everywhere.
text: BLAMI he drills the explosive round inta DuFont and
dialog: BABLAMMM I! ! Father, the man behind the curtain af Oz,
text: literally explodes.
text: Preston drons his guns.
text: And, looking up, begins, for the Last time, to hunt for
text: samathing that has been hidden.
text: His eyes slowly sweep, scanning the walls, ceibings and
dialog: fleors
text: Uneil they settle at last on a great framed mirrar. Limping
dialog: so it, he Feels its surface. :
text: Pushes. It swings open, lika a deor
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC ADDRESS CHAMBER
text: Revealing the final hidden room. Ingide, amidsc all of the
text: equipment that broadcasts the Faces of Libria, the greatest
dialog: Creasure of alz.
dialog: Mary.
text: With a sreat gasp, she throws herself into his arms.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I theughet you were daad.
text: They hold ene another as if they will never Let go. Wnen
text: they finally separate, they look long into each other eyes.
text: Then, Limping over, Presten settles in at DuPont's PUBLIC
speaker_heading: ADDRESS SYSTEM.
text: Keying the mike, he flicks it on. It crackles whirring bo a
dialog: Static hum ... : . :
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Libria ... there.1a a new message
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 103,
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES OF THE CLERIC - DAY . |
text: Clerics and Enforcers alike all stop, tusning to the
text: omnipresent ecreais where the ever-changing FACES OF LIsRTa
dialog: speak PRESTON'S WORDS ... :
speaker_heading: FRCES OF LISRIA .
text: The Doge is dead - Librium is finished...
scene_heading: INT. PALACE OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: and on the Death-Walk to the Incinsrarium's, JURGEN, his
text: COMPATRIOTS, and their astonished guards all curm to look ar
text: the faces speaking to them from the screens
speaker_heading: : FACES OF LIiARIA
dialog: The back cf the Cleric ig broker...
dialog: 
text: Jurgen and his fellows axchange a look of EmaZemenc .
scene_heading: INT. CLERIC MONASTERY - DAY
text: ROBBIE amony the, ‘the young Clerics-in-traiming all stop in
text: theiy classes, heads turned towards the sereen ..+
dialog: . where the faces, for the firet time in history, STOP
text: changing, settling finally on ote single face ...
text: And one final voice.
dialog: Representative of all humanity -..
dialog: Preston's.
speaker_heading: . PRESTON'S IMAGE
dialog: And Father is nowhere to be foun.
text: And, for the first time in his own history, he smiles.
text: Silently, to himselt, Rebbie amiles back.
scene_heading: ‘ INT. FATHER'S QUARTERS.
text: Dropping the mike, Preston leeks to Mary.
speaker_heading: PRESTON
dialog: Let's watch.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE - DAY
text: She helps Prastom out ento the windswept terrace that
text: overlooks Libria. The city stretching into the horizon.
text: They look out over its vast panorama.
dialog: 
dialog: Page 104
dialog: 4 '
text: Bll across Libria, FIREBALLS begin rising up inte the sky as.
text: one after anether, the LIBRIUM FACTORIES explode. -
dialog: 
dialog: - Preston curms ta Mery. She to him. +
text: * in the light of the explosions, they kiss.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
