dialog: 
speaker_heading: EXCALIBUR
dialog: 
dialog: Written by
dialog: Rospo Pallenberg &amp; John Boorman
dialog: Adapted from "Le Morte D'Arthur"
dialog: by
dialog: Thomas Malory
dialog: Final Draft
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Darkness. The sound of battle cries and the clang of metal
text: upon metal. The forest lights up with huge sparks flying
text: from sword and ax as armored knights hack and swing at each
text: other. Mounted knights collide head-on at full gallop, their
text: armor made incandescent in the clash. Sparks eddy in their
text: wakes and float to the ground. The forest catches fire.
text: MAIN TITLES on the flames. Out of the sounds of ancient battle
text: grows music, heroic and barbaric, shot through with
dialog: melancholy.
text: Two crazed eyes reflect the fire. The eyes belong to a man
text: without age, at once ancient and boyish, female and male;
text: his eyes are pained from the burden of too much knowledge.
text: So close is he to the flames that a lock of his wild hair
text: sizzles alight. He slaps at the fire as if it were an annoying
text: insect. He wears a cloak of black trimmed with silver. It is
text: Merlin. The wizard weaves a path through the burning forest,
text: dodging the combatants, searching.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Lord Uther! Lord Uther!
text: The forest around him weeps softly with the sounds that follow
text: slaughter. Patches of undergrowth are smoldering. Small flames
text: lick bark and branches.
text: Smoke floats through the trees and hovers over the bodies of
text: the dying and the dead.
text: A huge knight reins up beside Merlin on a lathered horse.
text: His armor is blood spattered. He is weary from battle. He
text: looks down at Merlin, his countenance fierce. The blade of
text: his sword glows with an unnatural aura.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: It's done. A truce. We meet at the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: (disgusted)
text: Talk. Lovers murmuring to each
dialog: other...
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER, FOREST - DAY
text: Waiting on one bank of a small river that flows through the
text: forest is a warlord, the Duke of Cornwall. He is flanked by
text: his armored warriors. Lot of Lowthean prominent among them.
text: They are battle-weary and bloodied, but they look ready to
text: fight. Behind them is an army of lesser knights.
text: To the opposite bank come Uther and Merlin, a much smaller
text: force of knights, including Uryens, Lord of Gore, surrounding
dialog: them.
scene_heading: DUKE OF CORNWALL
dialog: I spit on your truce, Uther. If you
dialog: want peace, throw down your swords.
text: Uther and the Duke of Cornwall glare at each other in silence
text: across the river. Uther strains forward, burning with anger;
text: but Merlin restrains him.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: I should butcher all and every one
dialog: of them. Merlin, what is this wagging
dialog: of tongues?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Just show the sword.
text: Uther unsheathes his mighty sword, and brandishes it in the
text: air high over his head. The blade hums disquietingly and
text: leaves a lingering electric hue upon the air. The marvel
text: instills dread in all present.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: (waxing eloquent)
dialog: Behold the sword of power, Excalibur.
dialog: Before Uther, it belonged to Lud,
dialog: before Lud, to Beowulf, before Beowulf
dialog: to Baldur the Good, before Baldur to
dialog: Thor himself and that was when the
dialog: world was young and there were more
text: than seven colors in the rainbow.
dialog: (and in an aside to
dialog: Uther)
dialog: Speak the words.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: (bellowing)
dialog: One land, one king! That is my peace!
text: The Duke of Cornwall looks around nervously as some of his
text: knights fall to their knees in awe.
scene_heading: DUKE OF CORNWALL
dialog: Lord Uther, if I yield to the sword
dialog: of power, what will you yield?
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Me, yield!?
text: Merlin urges Uther hard.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: He has given. Now you must.
text: The two knights glare at each other, rage contending with
dialog: anger.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: The land from here to the sea is
dialog: yours if you will enforce the King's
dialog: will.
text: The enemies lock eyes and Merlin watches anxiously.
scene_heading: DUKE OF CORNWALL
dialog: Done!
text: All men from both sides break out in wild cheers.
scene_heading: DUKE OF CORNWALL
dialog: My Lord King Uther, let us feast
dialog: together. To my castle. Lord Merlin,
dialog: you must join -
text: But Merlin is nowhere in sight.
scene_heading: INT. TINTAGEL CASTLE - HALL - NIGHT
text: Drums and wailing flutes fill the banquet hall with a lusty
text: rhythm. Armored warriors watch a lone woman dancing. She is
text: very beautiful, both sensuous and innocent.
text: Uther sits at the long table beside the Duke of Cornwall
text: with the barons and dukes of the land, and the lesser knights.
text: The table is stained with wine and littered with bones and
text: half-eaten fruit.
text: Uther's eyes burn with lust as he watches the dancer.
scene_heading: DUKE OF CORNWALL
dialog: I would wish you such a wife, Lord
dialog: Uther, as my Igrayne. So innocent,
dialog: but in bed, a furnace...
text: The Duke rises and goes to his wife, be-striding the center
text: of the hall and Igrayne weaves circles of dance around him.
text: He gloats with pride.
text: The words escape his lips:
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: I must have her.
text: Lot spins to face him.
speaker_heading: LOT
dialog: What? You're mad! What about the
dialog: alliance?
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: (oblivious)
dialog: I must have her.
speaker_heading: LOT
dialog: And risk all you've won? This castle
text: commands the sea gate to the kingdom.
text: Uther is not one for politics, and Lot's words sail past
text: him. The King lusts for Igrayne.
text: A bell is struck not far away. The music ceases and the hall
text: falls silent. The great door creaks open, revealing the dawn
text: light, and a monk steps into the hall and waits by it. Muffled
text: by corridors of stone, a choir of monks can now be heard
text: singing the high, ecstatic harmonies of the Te Deum. Those
text: who have fallen asleep at the table are roused, those drunk,
dialog: helped up.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY, TINTAGEL CASTLE - DAWN
text: The monk leads the party down the hallway of the castle.
text: Thin shafts of dawnlight filter through archers' slits in
text: the thick walls onto stone floors. Otherwise, it is dark.
text: Each person, lady and knight, proceeds alone, head bent,
text: some crossing themselves.
text: Uther is among them. He stops in a dark alcove, breathing
text: heavily, waiting.
text: As the lovely Igrayne drifts past him, he pulls her out of
text: sight of the others.
text: In a shaft of pale light Uther clasps Igrayne to his
text: breastplate, his iron arm wrapped around her frail body. So
text: violent is his embrace that she cannot breathe, her mouth is
text: wide with fear, and her feet do not touch the ground; an
text: impaled butterfly.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: You will be mine. Wife and queen,
text: bed and crown.
text: His face is close to hers, looking as though he would devour
text: her tender whiteness with his kiss. She doesn't answer; she
text: can't. Even Uther understands this and lets her go.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: (a fierce whisper)
dialog: I want no other crown and no other
dialog: bed than those I have.
text: Her gown and her fragile skin torn on the spikes of his armor,
text: Igrayne backs away and joins the procession.
text: Uther trembles with unreleased passion.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY OUTSIDE CHAPEL, TINTAGEL CASTLE - DAWN
text: Igrayne enters the candlelit chapel from which issues the
text: chant, calling the castle to worship. She rushes to her
text: husband's side, kneeling next to him and whispering. The
text: Duke of Cornwall looks back at Uther, hatred in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. WAR CAMP - BEFORE TINTAGEL CASTLE - DAY
text: Uther is in a towering rage. Sword drawn, he stalks among
text: the biers of fallen knights. Squires and clerics keep a
text: healthy distance. The sky is lowering, pregnant with rolling
text: thunder. Beyond his encampment, high on a cliff rising out
text: of the sea stands the impregnable Tintagel Castle, seat of
text: the Duke of Cornwall, now under siege.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: (bellowing in all
dialog: directions)
dialog: Merlin! Where are you!?
text: Just then a knight rides up and dismounts. It is Ulfius, a
dialog: lieutenant.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Have you found him?
speaker_heading: ULFIUS
dialog: No--
text: But he cannot finish. He is taken aback by the sudden
text: appearance of a hideous hag who approaches, rattling a
text: beggar's pan.
speaker_heading: HAG
dialog: What a hurry you were in this morning,
dialog: good sir. You forgot to give this
text: old woman a coin.
speaker_heading: ULFIUS
dialog: I saw you half a day's gallop from
dialog: here. I asked you if you had seen
dialog: Merlin. I returned here straight
dialog: away. How did -
speaker_heading: HAG
dialog: --I heard. I have come. I am also
dialog: Merlin.
text: The figure straightens, the filthy rags become a flowing
text: cape, and the hair is swept back by the wind, andóit is
text: Merlin, laughing.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I have walked my way since the
dialog: beginning of time. Sometimes I give,
dialog: sometimes I take. It is mine to know
dialog: which, and when.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Dumb riddles, Merlin. I am your King.
text: Ulfius edges away.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I know the storm inside you, and
dialog: what it has wrought. The alliance I
text: forged is wrecked.
text: The Duke of Cornwall under siege. All this for lust. Selfish
dialog: lust.
text: Uther grabs Merlin.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: For Igrayne. One night with her. Do
dialog: it. Use the magic.
text: Merlin frowns pensively, his gaze searching strange distances
text: and wandering; then focusing, blazing straight at Uther.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You will swear by your true kingship
dialog: to grant me what I wish. Then you
dialog: shall have it.
text: Uther kneels and draws his sword and holds it up by the blade,
text: a cross.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: I swear it. By Excalibur and the
dialog: holy--
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: --What issues from your lust will be
dialog: mine. Swear it again.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: I swear it.
text: Merlin looks down sorrowfully at the kneeling King.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENTS, TINTAGEL CASTLE - EVENING
text: The Duke of Cornwall watches a force of armored knights riding
text: forth from Uther's war camp, with banners flying. It passes
text: beneath the castle and on toward a distant cliff.
scene_heading: DUKE OF CORNWALL
dialog: (to a lieutenant)
dialog: It's Uther and all his best knights.
text: He leaves behind little more than
text: fledglings to guard his camp.
text: His eyes are as cold and as pale as ice.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF ABOVE THE SEA - TWILIGHT
text: Uther and his knights, and Merlin on a mule, ride to the
text: high promontory and dismount. Here, overlooking the sea, is
text: a circle of ancient stones, carved with strange runes and
text: hieroglyphics, and as the wind moves through them it moans
text: and sighs.
text: The knights watch as Merlin and Uther, leading his horse,
text: walk toward the stones. Merlin strides into the circle,
text: turning to look at Uther, who hesitates.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Come.
text: Uther starts to make the sign of the cross, but Merlin halts
text: him with a gesture. Uther's hand drops, and he enters the
text: circle with his horse.
text: Merlin and Uther look out across the sea, to Tintagel Castle
text: high upon the cliff.
text: Merlin solemnly raises his arms toward that distant castle,
text: and chants in an ancient language, the sounds of which he
text: marries to the roaring and whining of the wind. The wind
text: becomes stronger, and Merlin's incantations become more
text: intense, and the wind in turn becomes wilder still. Until
text: Merlin is charged with a fierce, nonhuman power, as the wind
text: buffets his slight frame.
dialog: And then, for all to understand:
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I hold the balance of all things in
dialog: my summoning. Arise mists. Come fog.
scene_heading: EXT. VISTA FROM THE CLIFF - TINTAGLE CASTLE - TWILIGHT
text: From the horizon a front of fog advances toward the castle
text: to envelop it, and continues across the gulf to the circle
dialog: of stones.
scene_heading: EXT. GATE, TINTAGLE CASTLE - TWILIGHT
text: The portal opens and a small force of armored men, led by
text: the Duke of Cornwall, exits. A fog is thickening all around
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF ABOVE THE SEA - TWILIGHT
text: The advancing front envelops Merlin and Uther, eddying around
text: the stones. All else is obliterated.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Mount your horse.
dialog: The King does.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Ride straight to the castle, across
text: the sea of fog.
text: Uther spurs straight for the edge of the cliff, then reins
text: in his horse abruptly.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: But the cliff, the sea...
text: Merlin rages, crazed.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Ride across! Across the bridges of
dialog: desire. Your lust will hold you up.
dialog: For I have just woven it into the
dialog: fabric of the world. This is magic -
dialog: making solid what is in the mind,
dialog: and unsolid, that which is already
dialog: solid.
text: He gives the horse a stinging blow with his staff.
text: The horse and Uther charge forward into a gallop and stepping
text: off where the hidden edge of the cliff would be, hoofbeats
text: ceasing and the horse dropping for the blink of an eye, they
text: gallop across the fog.
scene_heading: EXT. MERLIN'S FOG
text: Galloping on no visible terrain, Uther and his horse advance
text: through the restless fog, and as they recede rider and animal
text: become a wavering, changeable form within the cloud.
scene_heading: EXT. GATE, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Horse and rider pull up at the gate.
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Wake up in there. It is I.
text: If it was not for the electric blue hue burning in the eyes
text: of the man entering the castle, the same magic hue that
text: Excalibur left upon the air when wielded, the resemblance to
dialog: the Duke if Cornwall would be perfect.
text: After a moment the portal opens.
scene_heading: INT. INNER GATE, INTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT
text: He passes into an inner court, the portal closing behind.
text: Armed men emerge cautiously. Thinking that it is their Duke
text: they help him dismount.
scene_heading: 'DUKE' OF CORNWALL
dialog: Have the horse ready. I ride out
text: before sunrise.
text: An inner gate opens and the 'Duke' goes through it.
scene_heading: EXT. UTHER'S WAR CAMP - NIGHT
text: The real Duke and his men ride through the fogbound camp,
text: cutting the ropes of the tents, stabbing the men trapped
text: beneath the canvas. When a frightened crow flies squawking
text: into the face of the Duke's horse, which rears. He is unhorsed
text: and falls, and impales himself on a tent stake.
text: Dying, the true Lord of Tintagel Castle rises and staggers
text: forward, blood pumping from him.
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT
text: A little girl of four awakens from a nightmare, a small lone
text: figure in her canopied bed. Her eyes are ice, like her
dialog: father's.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Papa... Papa...
text: Igrayne is soon at her side, lifting the child from the bed,
text: holding her tight.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: My father is dead...
scene_heading: INT. IGRAYNE'S BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: The 'Duke' enters. The room is empty, but the door to
text: Morgana's room is open.
scene_heading: INT. MORGANA'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: The 'Duke' stands in the doorway. Igrayne herself is
dialog: surprised.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: Look, here is your father. It was
dialog: just a dream, little one.
scene_heading: 'DUKE' OF CORNWALL
dialog: Come Igrayne.
text: Igrayne kisses Morgana, tucks her in and returns to her own
text: room, closing the door. The child doesn't know whether to
dialog: believe the truth of the dream or the waking truth.
scene_heading: INT. IGRAYNE'S BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: In full armor, the 'Duke' bears down on the naked Igrayne on
text: her marriage bed. She stares at him, wondering. But his eyes
text: are closed, and finally he carries her in his wild passion,
text: her white limbs tangling around the lustre of his armor.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF ABOVE THE SEA - NIGHT
text: And Merlin is jolted awake from deep within himself, coming
text: out of a trance.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: It is done. The future has found
dialog: root in the present.
text: He lifts himself up on his staff. He stands in the midst of
text: the ancient stones, bristling with excitement. Uther's mighty
text: knights are asleep, a deep unnatural sleep, huddled together
text: and surrounded by their horses. And then Merlin swoons,
text: collapsing to the ground.
scene_heading: INT. HALL, TINTAGEL CASTLE - DAWN
text: His lieutenants deposit the Duke of Cornwall's bloodless
text: body upon the long table. His eyes are wide open, icy and
text: cunning even in death. The ladies of the castle support and
text: comfort the grief-stricken Igrayne as she approaches the
text: body of her husband. Morgana hangs onto her mother's gown.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: When did it happen? Where?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: In the camp of Uther, my lady, just
text: after nightfall.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: It can't be. He came to me, to his
dialog: bed, last night.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: It was his spirit, yearning for you
dialog: in his hour of death, that visited
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: His spirit?
text: Pale with grief, Igrayne stares at her dead husband in
dialog: silence.
text: Then her hand drifts to her stomach. When she talks again,
text: undone and resolved, it is to all and herself:
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
text: Tintagel Castle falls to Uther. But
dialog: what shall become of me, and the
dialog: child I bear?
text: Morgana shows no distress. She runs her baby hands across
text: her father's face and closes his eyes. The intensity that
text: was frozen in them is now added to her own pale and cunning
text: eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF ABOVE THE SEA - DAY
text: Merlin has been propped up against one of the stones. He is
text: in a deep trance and Uther is attempting to shake him awake.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: I want her, Merlin. I cannot be
dialog: without her. Tintagel is mine. Can I
dialog: take her now? Tell me!
text: Merlin's eyes open but he sees nothing, and only a puzzling
text: squeal issues from him.
scene_heading: INT. IGRAYNE'S BEDCHAMBER, TINTAGEL CASTLE- EVENING
text: Morgana watches from a corner. The ladies of the castle
text: surround Igrayne who is giving birth.
text: Noisy crows alight on the windowsill. Only Morgana notices.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Uther strides to Igrayne's bedchamber, his warrior knights
text: following. He is dirty and his iron dress is blood-spattered.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: (bellowing)
dialog: Three horses died under me, so hard
dialog: did I spur them here. Is it born? Is
dialog: it alive?
scene_heading: INT. IGRAYNE'S BEDCHAMBER, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT
text: At his approach and entrance the ladies shrink back, and
text: Morgana edges closer to her mother, and seats herself on the
text: bed beside her. Ingrain holds her newborn baby in her arms,
text: the blood of birth still wet upon it.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Out!
text: The ladies slip past him to the door, and he goes up to
dialog: Igrayne.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: What is it, lady?
text: Terrified of him, Igrayne faces him the best she can.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: A boy, sir. Rest yourself.
text: Uther waves away her words but does sit down on the bed,
text: exhausted. He notices Morgana, who stares at him.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Send the girl away.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: She is just a child -
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Out!
text: Igrayne draws the child to her and kisses her cheek.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Go now. Come back later.
text: The child leaves silently, hatred in her eyes.
speaker_heading: UTHER
text: She watches me with her father's
text: eyes.
text: He grasps the newborn baby with his iron hand, and pulls it
text: to himself. He looks upon it with wonder, with a gentleness
dialog: that is unexpected.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Igrayne, is he mine, or -
text: He can't bring himself to say his name. She hesitates on the
text: edge of tears, worried for the infant lying in its iron
dialog: cradle.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: The night he died, a man loved me
dialog: with great fierceness. He looked
dialog: like my husband, spoke like, smelled
dialog: like, felt like my own husband. But
dialog: it was not he, for he was already
dialog: dead. It wasn't his spirit, for this
text: child, who was conceived that night,
dialog: is flesh and blood. I know nothing
dialog: more.
text: Uther draws a dagger. He lifts it.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: No--
text: But he uses it before Igrayne can move. He severs the leather
text: thongs that bind the iron breastplate to his chest. He casts
text: it to the floor. His chest is smooth and milk-white in
text: striking contrast to his creased, weathered face. And beaming,
text: he holds the baby to it.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Through him, I will learn to love
dialog: them, for I am tired of battle. I
dialog: will stay by his side and
text: (looking shyly at
dialog: Igrayne)
dialog: his mother's...
text: Igrayne's hatred for the man is at the very edge of becoming
text: love. The baby starts to cry.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Here. It's hungry.
text: And his free hand opens her shift, and he holds a swollen
text: breast in his gloved hand, squeezing gently. Milk bubbles
text: from it and he thrusts the baby's mouth onto it.
text: Igrayne weeps and Uther watches proudly as the baby suckles.
text: Merlin advances from the window, his cape the same iridescent
text: green-black as the feathers of the crows that were perched
text: by the window.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Merlin! Out of the sick sleep at
dialog: last.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Doing what I did for you, it wasn't
dialog: easy, you know. It takes it's toll.
dialog: It took nine moons to get back my
dialog: strength.
text: Uther avoids looking at him.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Now you must pay me.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: The child is mine, Uther. I have
dialog: come for him.
text: Uther is shaken to his roots. Igrayne watches, trying to
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: The oath. You didn't say--
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You didn't ask!
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: Uther, is it true? Don't let him
dialog: take the child.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: I swore an oath, Igrayne. I made a
dialog: pact with Merlin.
text: Igrayne suddenly understands. She glares at Uther.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: It was you? You came to me that night.
dialog: You are the father.
text: Uther is caught, and turns to Merlin who is harsh and
text: unswaying.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: It's not for you, Uther, hearth and
text: home, wife and child.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: To kill and be king, is that all?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Maybe not even that, Uther. I thought
dialog: once that you were the one to unite
dialog: the land under one sword. But it'll
dialog: take another, a greater king...
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: You strike me with words as hard as
dialog: steel.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: They are not weapons, my friend, but
dialog: truths. You betrayed the Duke, stole
dialog: his wife and took his castle, now no
dialog: one trusts you. Lot, Uryens, your
dialog: allies will turn against you. Give
dialog: me the child, Uther, I will protect
dialog: him. Go back to your war tent.
text: Uther wrenches the baby from it's mother's breast and hands
dialog: him to Merlin.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: (in torment)
dialog: By the oath, take the devil child.
dialog: Take him!
text: With the bawling baby under his cape, Merlin exits. Igrayne
text: pulls herself out of the bed, weak, her legs giving under
text: her. She starts after Merlin.
speaker_heading: IGRAYNE
dialog: WHY?... Why must he have the baby?
text: Uther stops her with his bulk and she claws savagely at his
text: chest to get past him. He weeps as he folds his arms around
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT
text: As Merlin walks through the castle, the baby crying in his
text: arms, the knights and ladies step back, afraid to intervene
dialog: in royal matters.
scene_heading: INT. HALL, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT.
text: Merlin comes across the empty banquet hall, cooing to the
text: baby, strangely pacifying him. Morgana steps out of the
text: shadows in his path, and Merlin stops at the sight of the
text: little girl, her pale eyes glaring at him.
text: She speaks haltingly and clearly while far-off Igrayne cries
text: out her distress.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Merlin, are you now the father, and
dialog: the mother, of the baby?
text: Staring at her, Merlin shudders and without answering he
text: continues away, faster now, and into an unlit passageway,
text: disappearing from sight a bit sooner than an ordinary mortal
dialog: would have.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: The forest is dark and shiny with rain. An unseen battle
dialog: rages.
text: The first combatant in sight is Uther, who swings the mighty
text: Excalibur, cutting an attacker in half at the waist. Uther
text: and a small force of knights, Ulfius among them, are
text: retreating through the slippery wet forest, completely
dialog: outnumbered.
text: Lord Lot of Lowthean and Lord Uryens of Gore are the leaders
dialog: of the attack.
speaker_heading: URYENS
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: The King's sword. I must have it.
text: Ulfius and his men stand their ground so the King may escape
text: the onslaught. They are hacked down.
text: Uther flees alone, severing the limbs of any man and tree
text: that stands in his way.
scene_heading: EXT. STONE IN THE FOREST - DAY
text: Uther has gained on his pursuers. He comes to a small clearing
text: where the spine of a buried boulder rises through the forest
text: floor. He stops upon it, breathing hard, dripping blood. He
text: rages aloud, but his throat is raw and cracked and only a
text: whisper comes out.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: Merlin, where are you? To weave a
dialog: mist, to hide us...
text: He hears his pursuers closing in.
speaker_heading: UTHER
dialog: No one shall have the sword. No one
dialog: shall wield Excalibur but me.
text: He holds it by the hilt with both hands, the blade pointing
text: to the ground of stone. He flexes his knees. He lifts up his
text: hands above his head. And with all the strength that rage
text: and pain can muster, and more, he drives the blade of
text: Excalibur into the stone, nearly to the hilt. His mouth widens
text: in an awful silent scream, and then the foam of saliva pink
text: with blood issues from deep within him, so violent was his
dialog: effort.
text: As the sword cuts into the rock, the earth shudders.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: The forest quakes. The knights searching for Uther halt in
dialog: fear.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELDS, WOODS - DAY
text: And far away, a caped figure is crossing a field toward a
text: wood, when the earth shakes, stirring animals and birds. The
text: man turns. He is Merlin, the two day-old baby peeking from
text: his cape. Merlin is amazed at the phenomenon, he puts his
text: ear to a rock protruding from the earth.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Into the spine of the dragon!
dialog: (and then he is
dialog: saddened)
dialog: Uther... I loved you, mighty child.
text: And tears welling, and giggling at the same time, he whisks
text: away into the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. STONE IN THE FOREST - DAY
text: Uther staggers away, colliding with trees, staggering,
text: crashing to the ground. Until the only life left in him is
text: the coursing of his blood, flowing from his gaping mouth
text: onto the leaves on the forest floor.
text: The enemy knights advance through the trees. They prod at
text: the fallen leviathan, they roll him over to get at his
text: scabbard. Only then do they see the sword in the stone, and
text: they stop, amazed and afraid. Their captains appear. Uryens
text: sees what they are staring at, and races to the sword and
text: attempts to pull it out.
text: He strains with all his might, but it is immovable.
speaker_heading: LOT
dialog: Let me.
text: He shoves Uryens aside, but he can't loosen the sword either,
text: and he rages with frustration.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: LEGEND APPEARS:
dialog: "Fifteen years passed and the land was without a king."
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. FIELDS - DAY
text: Peasants spill over the crest of a hill. They are fleeing a
text: force of armored knights, their plumed helmets forged in the
text: semblance of predatory animals. The knights thunder past the
text: peasants, trampling the ripening crops. Sir Uryens is their
text: leader, his hard face indifferent to the havoc he leaves in
text: his wake.
text: The peasants watch in mute anger.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMYARD - EVENING
text: Sir Lot leading another group of mounted knights comes
text: galloping into a small hamlet, panicked chickens and pigs
text: scattering at their approach. The farmers run for their lives
text: as the steel men dismount, leading their horses to water and
text: hay, and searching for vittles. A knight spots a woman who
text: stands frozen with fear, and he drags her into the barn as
text: her crying child watches.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT - MOONLIGHT
text: A farmhouse is burning nearby, and three mounted figures
text: make their way along a trail at a walking pace - an old knight
text: in leather and mail, a young knight proud in gleaming new
text: armor; and on a farm horse, a squire with baggage and jousting
text: lance. The old knight, Sir Ector, is troubled by what he
dialog: sees.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: It is a dark hour... everywhere
dialog: lawlessness and destruction, and no
dialog: one to lead us out of it.
text: Just then, ten crazed peasants emerge from the darkness,
text: hurling stones and armed with clubs and pronged sticks. They
text: surround the three riders. Sir Ector wheels around and slices
text: the air with his sword to ward off the ambushers.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: Listen all. I am Sir Ector of Morven
dialog: and these are my sons. You would
dialog: wrong me, for I have never stolen
dialog: from others, or destroyed the fruit
dialog: of the land.
text: The peasants edge closer, working up the nerve to rush the
text: horsemen. The sound of thundering hooves cuts through the
text: clamor.
text: A cavalcade of riders, armor gleaming in the moonlight,
text: advances across the fields at a gallop. Immediately the
text: peasants scatter. The old knight is on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: The people's anger is just. It is
dialog: sad that for our own safety, we will
dialog: have to ride to the tournament with
dialog: these robber knights.
scene_heading: EXT. SITE OF THE SWORD IN THE STONE - SUNRISE
text: Red with the first light of day, Excalibur rests in the stone
text: as King Uther left it. The field is itched with tents, each
text: flying its heraldic banner. Knights and squires are
text: everywhere, preparing horses and armor for the joust. A burly
text: man in religious robes harangues the crowd, vying for
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: This is Easter day, when Christ rose
dialog: again. Who will find strength in
dialog: victory of arms? Who will draw the
dialog: sword?
text: The Bishop goes among the tents, through the teeming throng,
text: solemnly casting holy water upon man and horse, armor and
text: banner. The knights kneel at the Bishop's transit, but
text: ceremony does not lift the air of grimness that lies over
dialog: the event.
scene_heading: EXT. JOUSTING GROUND, SWORD IN THE STONE - DAY
text: Their armor ablaze with sunlight, two mounted knights thunder
text: toward each other at full gallop, lowering their long jousting
text: lances. As they meet, the lance of each knight is deflected
text: by the shield of the other. A gasp goes through the crowd,
text: and the two knights charge past each other. They wheel around
text: at the end of the jousting ground and go at each other again
text: from the other direction. Again lances strike, and this time
text: one of the men is hit in the chest and violently unhorsed.
text: The crowd cheers.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SWORD IN THE STONE - DAY
text: The victor, Leondegrance, rides up to the stone and dismounts.
text: Each great knight with his coterie of lesser knights comes
text: to watch. A charge of expectation is in the air, although
text: most knights are glowering with envy.
text: Leondegrance of Camelyarde ascends to the sword, grabs it by
text: the hilt, and begins to tug with all his might. Excalibur is
text: immovable. The moment of tension passes. Leondegrance staggers
text: toward his waiting squires, who lead him away. All the others
dialog: return to the battle sport.
scene_heading: EXT. JOUSTING GROUND - DAY
text: At the edge of the jousting ground Sir Ector's son Sir Kay
text: is getting ready for a bout. His brother Arthur is buckling
text: the new armor while his father fusses about him, making small
text: adjustments when he notices that Kay's scabbard is empty. He
text: turns to Arthur and grab's him by the ear.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: Arthur, where is Kay's sword? A good
text: squire doesn't forget his knight's
dialog: sword.
text: The fifteen year-old boy blushes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I left it in the tent, sir.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: Well hurry then, and get it.
text: The boy dashes off as Sir Ector shakes his head, not without
text: affection beneath the sternness.
scene_heading: EXT. TENTS - DAY
text: Arthur runs in search of their tent. He finds it.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - DAY
text: He enters. The saddle trunk has been emptied on the floor,
text: equipment is scattered all over. Arthur is shocked,
text: nonetheless he rummages madly. Finally he stops, on the verge
dialog: of tears.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: It's been stolen....
scene_heading: EXT. TENTS - DAY
text: He comes out, utterly defeated, and frantic. He stops by two
text: knights who are arguing angrily; and one of them has left
text: his sword in the grass.
text: Arthur looks at it. He is tempted to steal it, but he can't.
text: Head down, he wanders off.
scene_heading: EXT. JOUSTING GROUND - DAY
text: Sir Ector and Sir Kay are waiting.
speaker_heading: SIR KAY
dialog: Father, I'll go and see what's keeping
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SWORD IN THE STONE - DAY
text: Arthur stops at the edge of the dark forest, totally dejected,
text: when he sees the sword in the stone. He walks up to it, his
text: face lighting up, brimming with innocence. He is alone, as
text: everyone has returned to the jousting ground.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: If only Kay could have it...
text: He smiles, forgetting his troubles, a boy again living in a
text: fairy tale. He grasps the sword by the hilt and it comes
text: away easily from its stone lock.
text: Not expecting it to, he nearly falls. He stares at it,
text: terribly excited and surprised: he tucks it under his arm
text: and rushes back.
scene_heading: EXT. TENTS - DAY
text: He bumps into Kay.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: Your sword was stolen, Kay, but here
dialog: is Excalibur. Is it too late? I
dialog: hurried--
text: Kay takes it. He cannot believe what he's holding in his
text: hands. He starts to talk but he is so agitated he can only
text: stutter.
scene_heading: EXT. JOUSTING GROUND - DAY
text: Kay, with Arthur in tow, rushes to Sir Ector and shows him
text: the sword; he trembles with excitement.
speaker_heading: SIR KAY
dialog: Look, Father. Excalibur. Does that
dialog: mean that I am to be king?
text: Sir Ector is dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: Did you free the sword, boy?
speaker_heading: SIR KAY
dialog: I... did, Father.
text: Ector looks at his son amazed, wanting to believe but not
dialog: able to.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: We must go to the stone at once.
text: With Excalibur in hand Ector of Morven heads for the stone,
text: Kay following, and Arthur too, the boy flushed with excitement
text: but a little worried, not understanding what is happening.
text: The exchange between Sir Ector and Sir Kay has been overheard.
text: Some have seen the sword in Sir Ector's hand. Rumor spreads
text: like wildfire.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SWORD IN THE STONE - DAY
text: As Sir Ector ascends the stone, from all parts of the jousting
text: ground knights and squires, the Bishop and the clerics, and
text: peasants too, press around.
text: Ector lowers the blade into the tight cleft and Excalibur
text: sinks to its original position.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: Draw it, son!
text: Sir Kay grabs the hilt and pulls without conviction, and the
text: sword doesn't give. Eyes downcast, he lets go.
speaker_heading: SIR KAY
dialog: Sir, I didn't draw the sword. Arthur
dialog: gave it to me.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: Arthur ?!
dialog: (spinning around to
dialog: face him)
dialog: How did you get the sword, child?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Sir... Kay needed a sword. His was
dialog: stolen. I saw Excalibur, and... I
dialog: took it.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: You freed it, son?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I did, Father. I beg your forgiveness.
text: He starts to kneel but Ector pulls him up.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: Try the sword, Arthur.
text: Arthur is about to grasp the hilt when Uryens and Lot, and
text: other nobles, Leondegrance of Camelyarde, and Sir Caradoc
text: and Sir Turquine among the younger, stride up.
speaker_heading: URYENS
dialog: Stand back, Sir Ector, and take your
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: LOT
dialog: We will try again.
text: Uryens, Lot, Leondegrance, Caradoc, Turquine - each in turn
text: grapples with the sword, only to be defeated by its
text: immobility. The crowd around the stone is thickening with
dialog: common folk.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: Let the boy try the sword.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Let the boy try...
text: The demand is echoed by peasants and serfs. The great knights
text: remain silent and bitter in their defeat. Sir Ector pushes
text: Arthur to the sword.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: Go ahead, boy. Don't be afraid.
text: The boy hesitates shyly, and then takes the hilt of Excalibur
text: and pulls out the sword with a great sweep.
text: The throng is stunned. Silence falls. Some kneel, following
dialog: the example of Sir Ector and Sir Kay, of the Bishop and
text: Leondegrance. The other nobles stay back, confused, afraid,
dialog: angered.
text: Arthur stands there, little more than a boy, his cheeks
text: flushed, his soft hair ruffled by the wind, his eyes shining
text: with exultation, awe, and fear. Then, as if gaining confidence
text: from the sword itself, he turns it in arcs above his head.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: We have our King, thanks be to God.
text: The commoners and some of the knights react with roaring
text: enthusiasm. The others draw closer to Uryens and Lot and
text: their supporters, closing ranks around them.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Please, Father, rise up. I was your
dialog: son before I became your King... if
dialog: I am King.
text: Sir Ector rises, tears streaming down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: My Lord, you are King, all the more
dialog: because you are not my son, and I am
dialog: not your father.
text: This is quite a shock to the boy king, and to the onlookers.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Who is, then?
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: I don't know. Merlin brought you to
dialog: me when you were newly born and
dialog: charged me to raise you as my own.
dialog: At first, I did so because I feared
dialog: Merlin, later because I loved you.
text: Merlin's name is on the lips of all those close by.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Who is Merlin?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Speak of the devil!...
text: From out of the forest strides Merlin, dramatic, cape flowing,
text: eyes crazed as ever, laughing at his own entrance. A crow is
text: perched on his shoulder, and it squawks loudly. Annoyed with
text: it, Merlin swooshes it away.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I am Merlin. Counselor to kings.
dialog: Wizard and beggar. Prophet and...
dialog: (he drops it)
dialog: I have feasted on thunderbolts, I
dialog: savored my death before I got myself
dialog: born. I--
text: Merlin interrupts himself when his eyes fall on the boy, who
text: is taking in his performance raptly, half awestruck, half
dialog: amused.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Whose son am I?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You are the son of King Uther, and
dialog: the fair Igrayne... you are King
dialog: Arthur.
text: The suspicion and confusion and envy of the lords erupts.
speaker_heading: LOT
dialog: Merlin, we haven't forgotten you.
dialog: This is more of your trickery.
speaker_heading: URYENS
dialog: You're trying to foist a boy of
dialog: dubious birth upon us. You want to
dialog: shame us?
speaker_heading: LOT
dialog: Lord Leondegrance, join us against
dialog: the boy. Surely you can see he is
dialog: only Merlin's tool.
speaker_heading: LEONDEGRANCE
dialog: No. I, Leondegrance, Lord of
dialog: Camelyarde, saw the drawing of Uther's
dialog: sword, and witnessed no trickery. If
dialog: a boy has been chosen, a boy shall
dialog: be king.
text: The crowd of serfs and peasants cheer wildly, and their long
text: suppressed anger against the nobles comes to the fore. They
text: dare to press up against them, fists hammering on their
text: shields as the chant Arthur King over and over. Dark and
text: scowling, full of rebellion, all the lords except Leondegrance
text: begin to withdraw their iron men surrounding them.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL, JOUSTING GROUND - DAY
text: Bells toll the good news. People stream by to see the new
text: king and join the celebration.
scene_heading: EXT. SITE OF THE SWORD IN THE STONE - DAY
text: Uryens and Lot, and Caradoc, Turquine, and the other lords
text: have mounted, and are moving out, when from the rear guard a
text: bowman in Lot's service draws upon the unarmored figure of
text: Arthur across the cheering crowd. The bowman lets the arrow
dialog: fly.
text: It flies over the heads of the crowd, unseen.
text: Except by Merlin at Arthur's side. He extends his arms halfway
text: up, his fists clenched tightly as if drawing urgently on the
text: power within himself. The sound of wings is heard as he flaps
text: his arms.
text: The arrow flies toward Arthur.
text: Arthur sees the arrow coming right at him, when a swooping
text: crow plucks it out of the air.
text: Arthur watches the crow flapping its wings, climbing swiftly,
text: the arrow in its beak, disappearing over the forest. Only he
dialog: has noticed.
text: When he turns Merlin is no longer at his side; to the
text: puzzlement of all. And Arthur is all of a sudden terribly
text: alone and afraid, as people from all sides clamor for his
dialog: attention and guidance.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Arthur charges through the shadowy forest. He is in armor,
text: but it is only a light tunic of mail. Excalibur is sheathed
text: in a leather scabbard by his side. He is frantic and he calls
text: urgently.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: ...Merlin... Merlin...
text: His face shines with sweat, the horse is lathered. He
text: dismounts and continues on foot into denser, more tangled
text: undergrowth.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Merlin!
text: A huge eye opens in the foreground of what had appeared to
text: be shadow, bark and tufts of weeds is really Merlin's head.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You called, sir?
text: His voice is thin as he is awakening from a deep, exhausted
text: sleep. Arthur finds him lying within the large gnarled roots
text: of a great tree. The boy kneels before Merlin and lifts his
text: hands and kisses them.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You saved me from the arrow...
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: (a flicker of mischief)
dialog: But not from your destiny.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I want to thank you.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: That's not why you came.
text: Arthur blurts it out:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Merlin, help me. I need your help. I
dialog: don't know how--
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: 'Help me, Help me.' Help me get up.
text: Arthur helps Merlin up and the wizard stands unsteadily.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I'm tired. Doing magic takes its
dialog: toll, you know. My arms ache
dialog: terribly...
dialog: (he makes flying
dialog: movements with his
text: arms and grimaces)
dialog: Once--or is it yet to happen--I stood
text: exposed to the Dragon's breath so
dialog: that a man could lie one night with
dialog: a woman. It took me ten moons to
dialog: recover. I'm sure that story would
dialog: interest you, since... Well, we'll
dialog: have to talk about it another time.
dialog: You're too busy now.
text: The forest groans and creaks, alive with murmurs and shrill
dialog: calls.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: It is whispered in the forest that...
text: (he cups his ear with
dialog: exaggeration)
text: ...Leondegrance's castle is under
text: siege by Lot and Uryens.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (pressing)
dialog: Yes, yes, I know that. Everybody
dialog: does. Lord Leondegrance is my only
dialog: ally among the barons and the great
dialog: knights. I can't lose him.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Well there. You don't need me half
dialog: as much as you think you do. You
dialog: already know what must not happen.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I must find the means to save him,
dialog: then. I was hoping I could ask you
dialog: for a little magic help, but if it
dialog: makes you so tired...
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Silence. Arthur tries again.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: It's just that I have no experience,
dialog: and no men to speak of. How can I--
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: (suddenly fierce)
dialog: Because you must! You and only you.
dialog: Have you forgotten that it was you
dialog: who freed Excalibur?
text: Just as suddenly, he is his amused, ironic self again.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Besides, it will be a good lesson.
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: The best, if it's not the last.
text: Arthur bows his head, confused and almost defeated. Merlin
text: steals a look at him, and puts his arm around the boy.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Maybe you'd like to meet the power
dialog: that gave you the sword?
dialog: He enjoys being cryptic.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: How? Where?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: In the great book.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What book is that?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: (melodramatic)
text: The book without pages. Open before
dialog: you, all around us. You can see it
dialog: in bits and pieces, for if mortal
dialog: men were to see it whole and all
dialog: complete in a single glance, why, it
dialog: would burn him to cinders.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What?!
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST AND ELSEWHERE - DAY AND NIGHT
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: The dragon! There...
text: A deep cleft at the edge of the forest, where far below lava
text: boils with a phosphorescence that lights up a great cloud,
text: billowing upward.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: Coiled in the unfathomed depths, it
dialog: emerges...
text: Merlin points to the sky where roiling clouds appear to be
text: unfurling of immeasurable wings.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: ...It unfolds itself in the storm
dialog: clouds...
text: A terrific wave batters a coastline, spray shooting up, and
text: as the wave recedes it exposes dark rocks and deep crevices.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: ...it washes its mane sparkling white
text: in the blackness of seething
text: whirlpools...
text: Merlin spins Arthur around, and they are transported into a
text: storm swept forest. Lightning strikes.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: ...its claws are the forks of
text: lightning... its scales glisten in
dialog: the bark of trees...
text: The trees shine with wetness, as a great wind tosses their
text: crowns, the branches groaning against each other.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: ...its voice is heard in the
dialog: hurricane...
text: Arthur is awestruck.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Arthur and Merlin are back in the same spot, having in fact
text: never moved at all, but traveled on the spell of Merlin's
dialog: words alone.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: ...it is so much more than a scaly
dialog: monster. It is Everything!
text: Arthur's eyes shine with the brilliance of the vision.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And if I am to be King of everything,
dialog: lord and commoner, beast, leaf and
dialog: rock, I must use its voice, its claws,
dialog: its power.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENTS, CASTLE OF CAMELYARDE - NIGHT
text: Leondegrance, Lord of Camelyarde, is shocked by what he sees
text: in the distance. His daughter Guenevere, a beautiful girl of
text: sixteen, draws close to him, terrified. With his surviving
text: knights, Leondegrance is making his last stand. The walls
text: have been breached, parts of the castle are burning.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE CASTLE - NIGHT
text: A bellowing dragon advances. Its eyes burn, its scales gleam
text: from light shining from within. It snorts fire from its
dialog: nostrils.
text: Uryens and Lot, Caradoc and Turquine, the great knights in
text: command of the siege of Leondegrance's castle, back away
text: speechless as the monster descends upon their unprepared war
text: camp. All around them, squires and lesser knights flee in
text: panic and confusion.
text: Only a dozen or so remain with their leaders. The group backs
text: up against the swampy moat that surrounds the castle, waiting
text: with swords drawn.
text: The dragon moves closer, and now it becomes apparent that it
text: is nothing more than a force of knights and footmen. Their
text: shields glinting in the moonlight are the dragon's scales,
text: torches its burning eyes. And the snorting flames from its
text: nostrils are only Merlin doing a fire-eater's trick.
text: The dragon form dissolves, and a banner rises bearing the
text: emblem of the Dragon, and under it, Arthur and Ector and Kay
text: lead a charge of twenty knights.
text: In Arthur's hands, Excalibur leaves an electric glow upon
dialog: the air.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENTS, CAMELYARDE CASTLE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Father, it's the boy King.
speaker_heading: LEONDEGRANCE
dialog: It is. I will fight my way to his
dialog: side.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Arthur and his men charge into the enemy ranks. Lot's and
text: Uryens' people are pushed into the moat. Although the water
text: is only waist-deep, the fallen, weighed down by their armor,
text: drown. The horses of the attackers are brought down, Arthur's
text: among them. He pulls out from under it, limping. Bleeding
text: form wounds, cutting, slashing, thrusting, he falls back
text: from the havoc of the charge.
text: A small distance exists now between the foes, a brief respite.
text: Uryens and Lot, exhausted, bleeding, and fierce in their
dialog: rage:
speaker_heading: URYENS
text: War-wise fighters, grown gray in
text: battle, checkmated by a boy.
speaker_heading: LOT
dialog: It's Merlin's trickery, nothing more.
dialog: I won't swear faith to that wizard's
dialog: brat.
text: Arthur and his men have been joined by Leondegrance and his
dialog: knights, few in number.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Let's finish this with a show of
dialog: force. We have no more tricks and no
dialog: more advantages.
text: He rushes alone at the enemy, shouting at the top of his
text: lungs, Excalibur flashing over his head, prepared to die.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENTS, CAMELYARDE CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Guenevere watches...
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: No...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE CASTLE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: No... Arthur--
text: The old knight rushes after the boy, sword drawn, to defend
text: his flank, and the others follow, a battle cry issuing from
text: them that is terrifying in its fierceness.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENTS AND BATTLEFIELD BELOW - NIGHT
text: ...and when she can't watch any longer, she buries her face
text: in her hands.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Arthur fights like a wounded lion at the center of the savage
text: melee of sword and shield, and once again the two sides fall
dialog: apart.
text: Uryens and Lot are standing in the moat among the bodies of
text: their men, are reduced to eleven knights, all wounded.
text: Arthur is flanked by twenty men at arms, most of them wounded,
text: and trembling now beyond exhaustion with blood lust. Arthur
text: steps forward alone, and addresses his opponents.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You are in my hands, to slay or spare.
dialog: I need battle lords such as you.
dialog: Swear faith to me and you shall have
dialog: mercy.
speaker_heading: URYENS
dialog: Noble knights swear faith to a mere
dialog: squire?
text: Arthur turns, searching for Merlin. He spots him watching
text: from a distance. They stare at each other, Merlin implacable,
text: Arthur's eyes pleading. It's obvious that Merlin isn't going
dialog: to help.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You are right. I'm not yet a knight.
dialog: (gaining strength)
dialog: You, Uryens, will knight me.
text: He unsheathes Excalibur and goes forward, kneeling before
text: Uryens and offering him the sword.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Then as knight to knight I can offer
dialog: you mercy.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: What's this, what's this?!
text: Arthur, kneeling, bows his head and Uryens steps up to him,
text: his features set. He accepts the sword. Lot watches, a mad
text: hope dancing in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENTS, CAMELYARDE CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Guenevere watches, frightened for Arthur, not daring to
dialog: breathe.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Uryens stands towering above the boy. He smiles enigmatically.
text: He lifts Excalibur.
text: Merlin is attempting to push through the crowded ranks to
dialog: get to Arthur.
text: He's frantic and worried for once.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I never saw this...
text: Uryens swiftly lowers the sword on Arthur's neck; with the
text: flat of the blade he gives Arthur the three strokes.
speaker_heading: URYENS
dialog: In the name of God, of Saint Michael
dialog: and Saint George, I give you the
dialog: right to bear arms, the power to
dialog: mete justice.
text: Arthur looks up.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: That duty I will solemnly obey as
dialog: knight and King.
text: Uryens is deeply moved.
speaker_heading: URYENS
dialog: Rise, my King. I am your humble
dialog: knight, and I swear allegiance to
dialog: the courage in your veins, for so
dialog: strong it is, it's source must be
dialog: Uther. I doubt you no more.
text: Arthur rises and Uryens kneels and kisses his hands. Sir
text: Ector turns away to hide brimming tears. Merlin pushes through
text: finally, out of breath. Uryens embraces Leondegrance while
text: Lot and the other enemy knights kneel in turn and kiss
text: Arthur's hands.
scene_heading: EXT. WOOD BY CAMELYARDE CASTLE - DAY
text: The castle can be glimpsed through the trees. A clear spring
text: bubbles from the ground, and the sun splashes leaf, bird,
text: squirrel, and bee with golden light, and Arthur and Guenevere
text: too. Guenevere is serious and intent on her work.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Owww...
text: With water from the spring, she is bathing a large cut on
text: his chest that has been stitched closed. Wounds on his arms,
text: and one on a calf also show evidence of her neat sewing.
text: She's just finishing, and she dabs his chest with a dry cloth.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: It didn't hurt too much, did it?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Ye...
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: --I'm pretty good at stitchery. I've
dialog: sewn my father's wounds more than
dialog: once.
text: He starts to get up.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Careful! You'll have to stay still
dialog: for a few days or you'll tear them
dialog: open.
text: Arthur shivers at the thought.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: But I have to leave tomorrow. The
text: forests are thick with rebels,
dialog: invaders plunder our shores...
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: --And damsels in besieged castles
dialog: are waiting to be rescued?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I didn't know Leondegrance had a
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Well, then, I shall tell you which
dialog: knights have maiden daughters, so
dialog: you can avoid their castles.
text: Arthur smiles at her, enjoying her jealousy, and it irritates
dialog: her a little.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: No, I think it's better if you just
dialog: stay here to heal. At least a week.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'm going.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Quiet, or I'll sew up your mouth
dialog: too.
text: She touches his lips with hers, her eyelids fluttering shut.
text: He stares at her young beauty, and draws her into a long,
text: slow kiss.
text: A shrill almost human squeal pierces the air not far away.
text: Arthur pulls away startled, half-rising. Guenevere giggles.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Would you rescue me from a fiery
dialog: dragon, sir?
text: She puts her arms around him, drawing him close again,
text: speaking in a half-whisper.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: It's just a furry little rabbit that
text: took the bait and sprung the trap.
text: They smile at each other, about to kiss. As they come closer:
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: You'll find him served up to you
dialog: tonight, cooked in a most excellent
dialog: sauce...
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL, CAMELYARDE CASTLE - EVENING
text: The soft beat of psaltery and the liquid flow of lute. A
text: serving platter bearing roast rabbit in rampant position is
text: carried across the hall. It is laid on the long raised table
text: before Arthur, who presides in the middle. He looks at it
text: suspiciously and blushes, remembering the afternoon; and it
text: looks back at him accusingly with its cherry eye.
text: Guenevere is dancing around her father, lovely, gliding,
text: sensual. She sees Arthur and the rabbit and laughs out-right.
text: He twists off a leg of the rabbit and sinks his teeth into
text: it to hide his embarrassment. Guenevere passes to another
text: partner, smiling at him, radiant. Arthur watches her, his
text: heart breaking. He is in love.
text: Merlin leans close.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: A king must marry, after all.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: ...of course...
text: Only then does he realize that Merlin has understood
text: everything. He is annoyed at being so transparent.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I love her. If she would be my queen,
dialog: my dreams would be answered.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: (mischievous)
dialog: There are maidens as fair, and fairer
dialog: than Guenevere. If I put my mind to
dialog: it, I could see them now, many of
dialog: them, weeping for love of you,
dialog: watching the hills for you coming
text: from the high towers of their castles.
dialog: Offering you their every favor. Rich,
dialog: clever--but if it is to be Guenevere,
dialog: so be it.
text: A shadow of doubt crosses Arthur's brow.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Who will it be? Put your mind to it,
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Guenevere. And a beloved friend who
dialog: will betray you.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Guenevere...
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You're not listening. Your heart is
dialog: not. Love is deaf as well as blind.
text: Guenevere approaches, smiling and coquettish. She slaps her
text: hands, and a servant sets down a tray of pastries before
dialog: Arthur.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: They are only for you, for in them I
dialog: mixed things that heal, but not too
dialog: quickly; and things that make limbs
text: sleepy, preventing escape, but keep
text: one's mind sharp.
text: She smiles at Arthur's embarrassment and confusion.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What's in them?
text: She takes a cake and bites into it.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
text: It is an ancient mixture, containing
text: only soft, unborn grains, and flavored
text: with roses. The rest is secret.
text: Guenevere offers one to Arthur, and he hesitates, looking at
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Looking at the cake is like looking
dialog: at the future. Until you have savored
dialog: its bitterness and its sweetness,
dialog: its texture and its perfume, what do
dialog: you really know? And then, of course,
dialog: it will he too late.
text: Arthur bites into the cake, and Guenevere looks deep into
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Too late...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: A LEGEND APPEARS:
dialog: "...but for years war kept Arthur from thoughts of marriage."
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. OAK FOREST - DAY
text: War tents have been pitched beneath the majestic trees. Near
text: the banner of the Dragon a doe grazes. Arthur is older, in
text: battle-scarred plate armor, pacing and angry. He is watched
text: by his wounded and bruised knights--Kay, Uryens, Lot,
text: Leondegrance, Caradoc, and some new young faces among the
text: ranks. No one talks.
text: The harsh clank of its battle trappings announces the arrival
text: of a horse. All eyes watch it walk into the camp. A knight
text: is slouched in the saddle.
text: Arthur runs to meet the horse, followed by squires and some
dialog: of the knights.
text: He eases the rider to the ground, unlaces his helmet. It is
text: Sir Ector, and his hauberk is badly dented. Tears burn in
text: Arthur's eyes.
speaker_heading: SIR ECTOR
dialog: He is the mightiest and fairest of
dialog: knights.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: We fought and won battles, and now
dialog: one man defeats all my knights? I
dialog: will go.
text: He pushes past the knights and goes to his horse. Kay steps
text: in front of him.
speaker_heading: SIR KAY
dialog: A king must not engage in single
dialog: contest. I'll go again.
text: Arthur rises into the saddle and takes a jousting spear from
dialog: the rack.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Where is Merlin?
text: The squires are silent.
text: Arthur gallops off in the direction Sir Ector came from. His
text: knights are afraid for him.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: His countenance grim, Arthur gallops along a trail bordering
text: a plowed field when in it a scarecrow moves. It starts to
text: run as stick-wielding farmers pursue it. It is Merlin. Arthur
text: turns off into the field, and at the sight of an armored
text: knight on a war horse, the farmers turn and flee. Merlin
text: stops to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I should have left you to fend for
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I had to weave a little enchantment
dialog: on the bees so I could get some honey,
dialog: and I didn't feel up to using any
dialog: more magic just yet. Anyway, I was
dialog: in less danger than you'll be in
dialog: today.
text: Arthur's hand is clenched tight around Excalibur's hilt.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: So you were stealing their honey.
dialog: They should have killed you.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Come now. So much anger for such a
dialog: little crime? Are you sure there is
dialog: nothing else troubling you?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You know full well there is, and I
dialog: go to meet it now. Come witness my
dialog: revenge.
text: He offers his arm and Merlin hoists himself up behind the
dialog: King.
scene_heading: EXT. GORGE THROUGH THE HILLS - DAY
text: A waterfall cascades into a pool. The spray casts a rainbow.
text: Beneath it is a colorful confusion of flowers and budding
text: trees, a place dreamlike in its beauty.
text: Arthur, with Merlin behind, gallops along the edge of the
text: pool. The trail widens into a field of grass. Arthur reins
text: beside a pile of broken lances and twisted shields. Across
text: the field, pitched upon the trail is a war tent made of
text: diaphanous white silk, a sky blue banner above it. Merlin
text: slides off and Arthur continues.
text: From the tent, a knight with jousting lance rides forward to
text: meet him. His armor is so shiny it is a mirror. His eyes,
text: seen through the open visor, seem to laugh. His speech is
text: foreign, from across the sea. He is Lancelot of the Lake.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Good day to you, sir.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Move aside. This is the King's road,
dialog: and the knights you joined arms
dialog: against were his very own.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I await the King himself. His knights
dialog: are in need of training.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I am King, and this is Excalibur,
text: sword of kings from the dawn of time.
dialog: Who are you, and why do you block
dialog: the way?
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I am Sir Lancelot of the Lake, from
dialog: across the sea. I am the best knight
dialog: in the whole of Christiandom, and I
dialog: look for the king who is worthy of
dialog: my sword's service.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: --That is a wild boast. You lack a
dialog: knight's humility.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Not a boast, sir, but a curse.
text: (a cloud passes over
dialog: his innocent face)
dialog: Never have I met my match in joust
dialog: or duel.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Move aside!
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I will not. You must retreat or prove
dialog: your kingship in the test of arms,
dialog: under the eyes of God.
text: He crosses himself.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Then may He give me the strength to
dialog: unhorse you and send you with one
text: blow back across the sea.
text: Arthur wheels away, trembling with anger, and gallops to his
text: edge of the field. He sees that Lancelot has already
text: positioned himself and is waiting, lance down.
text: Merlin watches, a spectator, as the two charge at each other.
text: They collide with great force, their spears shattering. Arthur
text: is jolted but stays in the saddle. Lancelot's jousting is
text: impeccable. Arthur draws Excalibur.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Hold! I offer you another lance.
text: Pages come forward with new lances for Arthur and Lancelot.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: You joust well, sir. Battle learnt,
dialog: but tournament fancy. You should
dialog: ride more forward in the saddle,
dialog: though.
text: Arthur grabs the spear from the page's hands, and circles
text: back to work the horse up into an all-out gallop. Lancelot
text: spurs forward to meet him. Arthur is neatly unhorsed. He
text: picks himself up from the ground in a rage, drawing Excalibur.
text: Lancelot on his horse weaves circles around him.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Yield. I have the advantage.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I will not.
text: Arthur charges Lancelot, a raging bull, but cuts and slashes
text: only at the air as Lancelot stays clear of him.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Fight me from your horse or on foot,
dialog: but fight me. Your avoidance mocks
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I sought only not to harm you, sir.
text: He dismounts and draws his sword, and they clash. Shield and
text: sword and armor against shield and sword and armor. The
text: swordplay is furious, Arthur attacking, slashing, hacking,
text: Lancelot parrying effortlessly, elegantly defensive. Arthur
text: breaks the onslaught to catch his breath. Lancelot lifts his
text: visor. His eyes are calm, laughing.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Sir, your rage has unbalanced you.
dialog: It seems you would fight to the death
dialog: against a knight who is not your
dialog: enemy, for a length of road you can
dialog: ride around.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: So be it, to the death.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: It is you, sir, who knows not the
dialog: virtue of humility, as a true king
dialog: must.
text: Arthur goes forward attacking with terrible blows upon
text: Lancelot's shield, and Lancelot holds his ground, shield
text: high. And in its mirror-like metal Arthur can see his own
text: reflection, a face distorted by uncontrolled passion.
text: Arthur discards his own shield, grabs Excalibur with both
text: hands, and with a frightening shout that speaks of all his
text: rage, he swings a terrific blow upon the shield, cutting
text: through his own reflection and the metal. And Excalibur snaps
dialog: in two.
text: A blinding blue-green light explodes from the broken sword.
text: Lancelot, knocked back by the force of the blow, is stunned
text: by the blast and falls to the ground unconscious. Arthur
text: backs away, horrified, half of Excalibur in his hand.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What horror is this?
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Merlin!
text: Merlin approaches, pale, gripped by dread.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: The sword is broken. Hope is broken...
text: Arthur picks up the broken blade, utterly undone.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: My pride broke it, my rage broke
dialog: it... Humiliation and defeat lie in
dialog: ambush even for a king.
dialog: (looking at Lancelot)
dialog: This excellent knight who fought
dialog: with fairness and grace was meant to
dialog: win. With Excalibur, I tried to change
dialog: that verdict.
text: Merlin stands there, drawn, defeated, his hopes dead.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I have lost for all time the ancient
dialog: sword of my fathers whose power was
dialog: meant to unite all men, to serve the
text: vanity of a single man.
text: Despairing, he flings the two parts of Excalibur into the
text: pool. He kneels at the waters edge, and he cries.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I am nothing.
text: Then Arthur sees something that startles him. Beneath the
text: surface, suspended in the blue-green water amid the dancing
text: weeds, he sees Excalibur, intact.
text: It is held by a maiden in flowing gown the color of water,
text: her long hair rippling across her face, obscuring it.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Excalibur! Is it true?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: The Lady of the Lake. Take it. Take
dialog: it, quickly!
text: Arthur dips his hand under the water and grasps the hilt and
text: the moment he does the vision in the blue-green water fades.
text: He rises with Excalibur in hand, and Merlin speaks before
text: Arthur can ask the question.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: There are infinite worlds within the
text: infinite coils of the Dragon. In one
dialog: of them, which I have not traveled,
dialog: the sword was forged. I only know
dialog: that the King is returned to us
text: through the instrument of his power.
dialog: The game continues!
text: And he laughs.
text: Just then Lancelot stirs. Arthur rushes to his side. He
text: loosens his helmet and removes it, uncovering damp curls.
text: The young knight's eyes open, and his laughing charm once
text: more animates his face.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Thanks to God, you are alive.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: I, the best knight in the world,
dialog: bested! This is a great day, for my
dialog: search is over. I love you, my King.
text: He embraces Arthur, who is overwhelmed by his childlike
text: directness. The King helps him to his feet.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You are still the best knight in
dialog: Christiandom. You gained a hundred
dialog: advantages over me. It is I who must
dialog: love you, for through your courage
dialog: and patience you taught me a bitter
dialog: lesson.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Then make me your champion and I
dialog: will always fight in your place.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: But your life and lands are far from
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I gave up my castles and my lands!
text: He thumps his breastplate.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: My domain is here, inside this metal
dialog: skin. And I would pledge to you all
dialog: that I still own: muscle, bone, blood
text: and the heart that pumps it.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And a great heart it is. Sir Lancelot,
dialog: you will be my champion.
text: Lancelot draws his sword, holding it by the blade, a crucifix.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: In the name of Jesus Christ and His
dialog: holy blood, I swear eternal faith to
dialog: Arthur, King.
text: They embrace, and Merlin watches.
scene_heading: EXT. ARTHUR'S WAR CAMP - NIGHT
text: Converging from different directions parties of mounted
text: knights enter the war camp. Lancelot among them. They
text: dismount, battle-weary and burning with the excitement of
text: victory. They quench their huge thirst from buckets carried
text: by squires. They rip off hunks of meat from carcasses sizzling
text: on spits over a roaring fire. And they join the throng of
text: knights, where stories of deeds of arms of the day are
text: enthusiastically exchanged.
text: A great number of knights are packed tightly around King
text: Arthur, each man anxious to tell of his victories. One of
text: them has the King's attention.
speaker_heading: KNIGHT
dialog: ...We killed every one of them. Burnt
dialog: their ship...
text: Arthur sees Lancelot in the throng and moves toward him.
text: Merlin follows Arthur and is pushed and knocked around in
text: the crush of spikes and iron. The only unarmored man in the
text: crowd, he glares at the excited knights irritably.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Lancelot, how did you fare in the
dialog: North?
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: We spared the lives of a few, so
dialog: they could sail home and tell their
dialog: fellows what fate they met at the
dialog: hands of King Arthur's knights...
text: Arthur turns toward Uryens.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And you, Uryens?
speaker_heading: URYENS
dialog: Victory!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Lot, and you?
speaker_heading: LOT
dialog: We drove the invaders into the sea.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You, Gawain, the East?
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: The East is ours again.
text: Cheers greet each declaration.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
text: The war is over. One land, one King.
dialog: Peace.
text: Amidst the celebration, a fracas is heard. A knight pushing
text: forward to talk to Arthur has entered a shoving match with
text: those in front of him.
speaker_heading: KNIGHT
dialog: Let me through. I fought the King's
dialog: battle too. He must know my story.
text: Merlin is brutally jostled. He draws a fistful of powder
text: from his cape and he tosses it into the air above him. He
text: raises his staff into the cloud, cracking it like a whip.
text: The tip of the staff catches fire, and the fire spreads
text: through the powder in the air, stunning all into silence.
text: Merlin shouts and snarls.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Chaos... confusion... brutes...
dialog: savages... troglodytes... Stand
dialog: back... make space.
text: Merlin swings his burning staff into a wide arc. The knights
text: back away, amused at first, then a bit afraid.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: The moon... the sun... the stars...
dialog: they spin... they turn... they
dialog: circle... around us... us...
text: The knights have fallen back. Merlin stalks past each man,
text: and Arthur too, holding the flaming tip of his staff before
text: each pair of eyes, and staring into them with his gimlet
dialog: gaze.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You, and you, and you, take up your
dialog: place. Be wedded to the world. Respect
dialog: its perfection. All of you, together,
dialog: be one.
text: The knights have formed a circle. They realize this.
text: Awestruck, they whisper in astonishment, looking up at the
text: sky burning with stars. Merlin brims with pride as he waits
dialog: for Arthur to recognize his handiwork.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Your ancient wisdom and infinite
dialog: sight have forged this circle, Merlin.
dialog: Hereafter we shall come together in
dialog: a circle, to tell and hear of deeds
dialog: good and brave. I will build a table
dialog: where this fellowship shall meet.
text: And a hall around the table. And a
dialog: castle about the hall.
text: A cheer rises. Arthur strides into the ring of knights.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And I will marry.
text: Another bout of cheers goes up, and Arthur stops before
text: Leondegrance, resting his hand on the old knight's shoulder.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And the land will have an heir to
text: wield Excalibur.
text: Leondegrance's eyes fill with tears of joy. A roar of cheers.
text: Arthur draws the sword of power.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Knights of the Round Table, good
dialog: friends, brothers in arms. I send
dialog: you on a quest harder by far than
dialog: the battles we have fought together,
dialog: a quest to uphold always, and
dialog: everywhere, justice, honor, and truth.
dialog: Each day shall bring forth a cause,
dialog: and may each cause bring forth a
dialog: knight.
text: Lancelot is drawn in by the King's enthusiasm. He unsheathes
text: his sword and swoops it low in salute.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I swear never to rest twice on the
dialog: same pillow till all men live at
dialog: peace.
text: In quick succession all knights draw their swords, following
dialog: Lancelot's example.
text: Merlin struggles to put out the flame on his staff. He finally
text: does it by smothering it with earth. When he looks up again,
text: he sees the knights galloping off in all directions.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: Terrified women, a screaming child, cowering men, old or
text: made old by the hard labor of the fields. Armored men are
text: ransacking a farm, looking for grain, and gold which they
text: find among the votive objects of a little house altar. A
text: woman is dragged away to be raped.
text: Through a window, a knight in shining armor is seen emerging
text: from the adjoining woods. The plunderers are all of a sudden
text: apprehensive, and fall silent. One of them grabs the crying
text: child and covers her mouth with his iron hand.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMYARD - DAY
text: The knight is Lancelot, in his mirror-like armor. He rides
text: into the cluster of houses and barns that make up the farm.
text: There are other armored men there, around a cart half-loaded
text: with loot. They smile nervously at Lancelot. The farmers are
text: blank with fear.
text: Lancelot stops in the middle of the yard. A knight among the
text: armored men comes forward.
speaker_heading: KNIGHT
dialog: Good day, sir.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Good day to you.
text: And he also acknowledges with a nod the ashen-faced patriarch
dialog: of the community.
text: Lancelot spurs his horse on, and the knight sighs with relief.
text: But then he reins his horse to a stop. He has sensed
text: something. He turns his head, his hooded eyes on the knight
text: and his men, and they squirm inwardly.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: The child, her mouth covered by the armored hand.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMYARD - DAY
text: Lancelot, listening, watching.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - DAY
text: The woman, a blade flashing next to her eye.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMYARD - DAY
text: Lancelot, immobile. Behind him, the knight, his face shiny
text: with sweat. His minions inch forward, hands moving slowly
text: toward sword hilts.
text: Lancelot wheels his horse around.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
text: I hear the stifled cry for help, I
dialog: smell the reek of fear...
text: With a shout the knight and his men draw their swords and
text: rush Lancelot. He reins in his horse, causing it to rear and
text: break their attack. He slides off, falling on his feet with
text: sword drawn, already fighting. In an extraordinary show of
text: sword play he cuts down six men.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: Hearing Lancelot storm in, the man holding the child hands
text: her to a woman and kneels before the altar, just as Lancelot
text: bursts into the room, sword high and already swooping down
text: on the man's neck. Lancelot brings the sword to a halt mid-
text: air, his fury held in check. The repent man is spared. The
text: woman kneels to kiss Lancelot's hand.
scene_heading: EXT. SITE OF THE SWORD IN THE STONE - DAY
text: The field is pitched with war tents and pavilions decked for
text: holiday. Nobles and knights flank the King and Guenevere, a
text: beautiful vision in white samite, a wreath of flowers around
text: her head. Lancelot leads a long file of prisoners to the
text: King. They fall to their knees, begging forgiveness; among
text: them is the man whom Lancelot had spared before the altar.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: These men repented before God for
dialog: their evil deeds. Those who would
dialog: not, met their fate at the end of my
dialog: sword.
dialog: (he kneels)
dialog: Accept the fruit of my first quest
dialog: as my wedding gift.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I do. Rise, Lancelot, come with me.
text: He rises and follows Arthur and Guenevere into the central
text: pavilion. Pages draw its curtains closed as they pass inside.
scene_heading: INT. PAVILION - DAY
text: Guenevere is surrounded by a group of ladies and maids who
text: fuss over her dress and her hair. They eye the great knight
text: and whisper about him, Guenevere laughing with them.
text: Arthur sits, excited and happy.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Sit beside me, Lancelot.
text: Lancelot sits, stiff and upright.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Your deeds set an example for all
dialog: other knights. For your gift, ask a
dialog: gift of me.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Only give me leave to ride out again,
dialog: to do what I am most able to do, and
dialog: happiest doing.
text: Guenevere overhears. She approaches and Lancelot jumps to
text: his feet.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: (to Arthur)
dialog: He must stay for the feasting days
dialog: of our wedding, and tell his deeds
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (to Lancelot, smiling)
dialog: I grant you your wish if you grant
dialog: Lady Guenevere hers.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I will stay Madame.
text: Merlin leans close to Arthur.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: The knights of Galys approach the
dialog: camp. It would be politic...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: ...to ride out and meet them.
text: He rises. Lancelot, who was about to sit again, straightens.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I will ride with Sir Kay. Lancelot,
dialog: rest here.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Don't start a war on my wedding day!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Without Lancelot?!
text: Arthur and Merlin exit, leaving Guenevere and Lancelot. She
text: looks at him, lively and amused, and he can't help smiling.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
text: Look Lancelot. The maids and ladies
dialog: whisper about you. They all dream of
dialog: winning you, young and old, fair and
dialog: ugly.
text: Lancelot blushes.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: But surely that's no secret to you,
dialog: dear Lancelot. You're the bravest
dialog: and strongest knight they've ever
dialog: seen, and beauty has kissed your
dialog: brow.
text: He can't look at her.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: The well-kept secret is whether any
dialog: of them has won your heart.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I am a fighting man and I am married
dialog: to the quest. That is enough.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: And there is no maiden in the whole
dialog: world who inspires you?
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: There is one.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Who?!
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Yes. I would swear my love to you.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: To me? But why?
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I cannot love as a woman the lady
dialog: who will be wife to my King and my
dialog: friend. And, in pledging my love to
dialog: you, I cannot love any other woman.
text: Guenevere smiles, moved by his blunt innocence.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I will see you in all women, and I
dialog: will defend them as I would defend
dialog: you.
text: He kneels, kisses her thigh, rises and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - DAY
text: A chorus of children sings. The Bishop waits at the altar
text: with his friars and altar boys. Cornucopias overflowing with
text: vegetables and wildflowers adorn the church, which glows
text: with the light of a thousand candles. Sir Kay is satisfied.
text: He comes back up the petal-strewn aisle.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL, SITE OF THE SWORD IN THE STONE - DAY
text: Arthur and Guenevere are ushered in by Kay. They are flanked
text: by Leondegrance and Sir Ector. Lancelot and Merlin follow,
text: leading the cortege of knights and ladies.
text: Merlin is incapable of entering the chapel, as if at the
text: threshold there is an unseen force that repels him.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Lord Merlin, are you ill?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: No, no, I need air.
text: Strangling a laugh he wrenches himself away. Just then Uryens
text: and a small party of knights rides up through the tents and
text: dismounts in front of the church. Uryens helps a lady off
text: her horse and joins the cortege on foot.
speaker_heading: URYENS
dialog: Merlin, don't you join the
dialog: celebration?
text: Merlin, who was slinking away through the throng of
text: bystanders, looks up. What he sees sends a chill through his
dialog: body.
text: At Uryens' side stands a young woman of sinister beauty,
text: with bewitching eyes of ice. Merlin just stares at her, and
text: she smiles back at him faintly.
speaker_heading: URYENS
dialog: My wife, Merlin. Lady Morgana of
dialog: Cornwall.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: I remember you, Merlin. I was a child.
dialog: You took my brother away.
text: Merlin laughs. Uryens shrugs and continues into the chapel
text: with Morgana. As she enters she glances back, and just then
text: Merlin steals a look, their eyes meet.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - DAY
text: Uryens and Morgana take their places near the altar. Arthur
text: and Guenevere kneel before the Bishop, and Arthur takes her
text: hand. The clatter of armor mingles with the enthusiastic,
text: happy singing of the children, and seems to strengthen their
dialog: song.
scene_heading: EXT. SITE OF THE SWORD IN THE STONE - EVENING
text: The chorus carries across the field to the dark wall of trees
text: from which issues another chorus, of hoots and squawks and
text: howls. Merlin advances along the edge of the forest. He stops
text: by the stone that once held the sword, his eyes wild. He
text: forgets his inner torment when he sees a plant at the base
text: of the stone. He kneels beside it and plucks it. He admires
text: its strange flowers; he smells them.
text: Two feet appear at his side. He rises to be face to face
text: with Morgana. They look deep into each other. Then Merlin
text: breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You left your husband's side? You
dialog: left your brother's wedding?
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Is that Mandrake, Lord Merlin?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Can it truly be used for magic?
text: Merlin smiles at last, and Morgana does, her eyes piercing,
dialog: cruel and lovely.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Yes... sometimes...
text: His gaze drifts toward the chapel.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: ...There are many powers in this
dialog: world.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - EVENING
text: Arthur and Guenevere are radiant with joy, and Lancelot behind
text: them mirrors the ceremony of their joining in his armor; and
text: the sweet voices of the children fill the chapel as the Bishop
text: pours the wine into the chalice, and lifts it up before him,
dialog: blessing it.
text: He turns to the royal couple.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Drink this the blood of Jesus Christ
dialog: our Lord.
text: The chalice seems to burn with a mystical light; and as the
dialog: chorus soars:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: A LEGEND APPEARS:
dialog: "And Arthur built his castle, Camelot. And one day, in the
dialog: far reaches of the Kingdom..."
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST, STREAM - DAY
text: It is shadowy and dark; ancient trees creak, unseen animals
text: cry out. A rabbit hops into view and a boy leaps forward,
text: grabbing the animal by the ears before it can move. He--
text: Perceval--is a wild boy of seventeen, dressed in skins with
text: an endearing and childlike smile.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: (to the rabbit)
dialog: Sorry. Hungry.
text: A din is heard to the forest, and it grows. Perceval glances
text: around, panicked. The sound is the rubbing of leather upon
text: leather, of metal on metal, for now a mounted figure in armor
text: hovers over the terrified boy.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: (stuttering)
dialog: Have I taken too much?
text: He lets the rabbit go free. The threatening figure dismounts.
text: And Perceval, cartwheels backward, landing in the stream and
text: scooping a fish out.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: (desperately trying
dialog: to ingratiate)
dialog: I had rabbit yesterday. Today I'll
dialog: eat fish... No?
text: He returns the fish to the water. The figure steps into a
text: pool of sunlight and a glorious halo streaks from the armor.
dialog: It is Lancelot.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Don't be afraid.
text: Perceval is overcome with astonishment, and he kneels.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: You're an angel! Not a devil...
text: Lancelot laughs and pulls the boy to his feet.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Just a man. A knight in the King's
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: You're a man?!
text: (he reaches out to
dialog: touch Lancelot)
dialog: ...with metal skin!
text: Perceval is beside himself with enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Can I grow metal skin?
text: Lancelot rolls his eyes, amused.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: You've got a lot to learn.
scene_heading: EXT. SPARSE FOREST - DAY
text: Lancelot is cantering and Perceval is running alongside,
text: shouting in gasps.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: I'll learn... take me... to the
dialog: King... What's a... King?
text: Lancelot shakes his head and spurs the horse into a gallop.
text: Perceval lengthens his stride, and keeps up! Lancelot reins
text: to a halt.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Very well. Climb up.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: I will run.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Listen, boy, it's more than twenty
dialog: days from here.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Twenty days!? The world is that big?
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE CAMELOT, FOREST - DAY
text: Perceval cannot believe his eyes. As Lancelot and Kay talk
text: about him out of earshot, he sees things that he's never
text: seen before; and he gapes like the country bumpkin that he
dialog: is.
text: Dragon-like kites sweep low, maneuvered by children. In a
text: meadow among the trees, knights hone their skills with lance
text: and sword, and ladies watch and their "bright eyes rain
dialog: influence and judge the prize." And then, there is Camelot
text: itself; the great gate and the drawbridge; the massive walls,
text: and the soaring towers and spires above.
text: Perceval rushes up to Lancelot and Kay.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Who will give me my sword?
text: Kay is not at all pleased; nonetheless he takes the boy by
text: the ear and leads him across the drawbridge and into the
dialog: castle.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: Kitchen knives and greasy spits will
dialog: be your weapons, boy.
text: Lancelot smiles to himself, hesitation, lingering before the
text: great gate of Camelot.
text: There is a walkway suspended in the trees above, that also
text: leads to the castle, and promenading on it is a group of
text: women, Guenevere and her ladies-in-waiting. The Queen sees
text: Lancelot and hastens toward him.
text: Lancelot sees her, and mounts his horse and heads back into
text: the forest. She stops, somewhat ahead of the ladies, and
text: watches wistfully.
text: Lancelot turns back and seeing her one last time, draws down
text: his visor and spurs his horse into a canter.
text: He passes two commoners who are heading for the castle, one
text: fat and the other thin, and they are locked in hot dispute.
text: Their wives keep them from coming to blows and their children
text: spur them on, enjoying the excitement.
text: Lancelot is swallowed by the forest.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ROUND TABLE, CAMELOT - DAY
text: Guenevere, bearing a bowl of perfect, deep red apples,
text: approaches the Round Table, where Arthur sits and Merlin at
dialog: his side, attending to the affairs of the kingdom. Quite a
text: few of the knights occupy their seats, talking with each
text: other, drinking and laughing, attended by ladies and pages.
text: Guenevere places the apples at Lancelot's empty place and
text: takes her seat next to Arthur.
text: In the archways that lead into the hall, petitioners wait,
text: eating, drinking, talking among themselves. In the din, no
text: one pays attention to the vehement arguing of the fat man
text: and the thin man, which continues even here. The hall is the
text: burgeoning, happy center of the kingdom.
text: But Merlin is oblivious to the lively clamor. He gazes like
text: a lovesick puppy across the table at Morgana, who bends over
text: whispering to a knight at the table, the young Sir Gahalt,,
text: while his older brother Sir Gawain listens. Morgana notices
text: Merlin's stare and smiles at him, and then resumes her
text: flirtation with Sir Gahalt, much to Merlin's annoyance.
text: Sir Kay ushers the thin man and the fat man into the open
text: space at the center of the table for their audience with the
text: king. They quarrel even as Kay tries to present them, and
text: the attention of the hall gradually focuses on them.
text: The two men talk at once, interrupting, overlapping.
speaker_heading: FAT MAN
dialog: I brew ale, sir--from
dialog: old shoes--I am an
dialog: honest tradesman sir.
dialog: I must sell what I
dialog: produce. He won't buy
dialog: ale and he won't pay.
text: Pay up! He leans over
dialog: the barrel and sucks
dialog: in the vapors. The
text: vapors are mine.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: How would you know I, sir,
dialog: have the misfortune to
dialog: live next to this
dialog: criminal... What loss in
dialog: that? Not to me! Pay for
dialog: what? Why?! They are
text: floating on the wind.
text: Arthur is both amused and exasperated.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Enough!... What is a fair price for
dialog: the smell of your ale?
speaker_heading: FAT MAN
dialog: That's why we have come to you, sir
dialog: There's no one else who can tell us.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What does it cost to get drunk on
dialog: your ale?
speaker_heading: FAT MAN
dialog: At least three shillings, sir.
text: Arthur addresses the Thin Man.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Give me three shillings.
text: The Thin Man is crestfallen, the smile gone from his face.
text: He reluctantly hands the coins to Kay, who gives them to
text: Arthur. Arthur tosses them in the air and lets them fall on
text: a metal plate. He hands them back to the Thin Man, who is
text: totally confused now, as is everybody else.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: For the smell of your ale, the jingle
dialog: of his coins.
text: The knights roar with laughter and the Fat Man and the Thin
text: Man look at each other in astonishment. Perceval lets out a
text: raucous laugh that wins him a glance of disapproval from
dialog: Kay.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ROUND TABLE - NIGHT
text: The din of the petitioners is replaced by music. It is the
text: hour of the evening feast, and all knights are present, except
text: Lancelot. Whole tree trunks burn in the great fireplace, and
text: lambs roast on spits in the flames. Pages run to and fro
text: with trays of food and wine, Perceval among them.
text: Morgana stops beside Merlin.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: What did I see today in the wizard's
dialog: eyes? Censure, because I enjoy a few
dialog: words with a young handsome knight?
text: Merlin is in agony, a bug stuck on a pin.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: No, no, of course not. You are
dialog: young...
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I'm not jealous!
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: It's clear you are, and it irks me.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: No. Yes, I am. I am jealous. I want
dialog: to write poems about you with
dialog: moonbeams, make the sea sing your
dialog: name...
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: A lovestruck page!
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Shh... yes, yes. Sit with me,
dialog: please... Morgana.
text: She does, laughing and in complete control. His hand
text: immediately slides onto her thigh. She removes it, but holds
text: it in her hand, toying with his fingers.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
text: A steamy, panting, lovestruck page.
dialog: But what good are songs and poems to
dialog: me? They are the barter of ordinary
dialog: love. A gift that reflected your
dialog: greatness is the only one worthy of
dialog: your love.
text: Merlin looks at her, knowing already, sad yet eager.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I showed you all my conjuring
dialog: tricks...
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: The deepest secrets, the forbidden
dialog: formulas...
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Maybe... maybe...
text: Merlin's thoughts have carried him far away, when he realizes
text: that Arthur is addressing him.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Merlin, are you counselor to the
dialog: King, or to my sister?
text: Some knights laugh.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: At your service, sir.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Then answer me this. For years peace
text: has reigned in the land. Crops grow
dialog: in abundance, there is no want. Every
dialog: one of my subjects enjoys his portion
dialog: of happiness and justice, even those
dialog: whose tiresome misunderstandings we
dialog: must resolve here each day. Tell me,
dialog: Merlin: have we defeated evil, as it
dialog: seems?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Good and evil; there is never one
text: without the other.
text: Arthur is taken aback.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Where hides evil, then, in my kingdom?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Never where you expect it, that's
dialog: all I know.
text: He chuckles softly and Arthur is puzzled. A knight speaks
text: out, the young knight with whom Morgana was flirting. His
text: manner is sarcastic.
speaker_heading: SIR GAHALT
dialog: If we have peace and justice, why is
dialog: Lancelot never with us? Why is he
dialog: always riding out on his quests? He
dialog: must know where this evil is.
speaker_heading: SIR GAWAIN
dialog: Could there be evil within Lancelot
dialog: himself? To live above human folly,
dialog: as is his aim, is to be overly proud.
speaker_heading: SIR GAHALT
text: He pays no heed even to the Queens
text: longing for his company.
text: The hall falls silent, all eyes upon the Queen.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: (lashing out)
dialog: What is it you would have your words
dialog: mean, Sir Gahalt?
text: Frightened, Gahalt doesn't answer. Morgana has slipped to
dialog: Guenevere's side.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Don't listen to him. You are the
dialog: Queen.
text: Arthur, ashen-faced, turns to Merlin for help, but he has
dialog: escaped into sleep...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Sir Gahalt, answer the Queen.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: No. I meant not to be angry with
dialog: you, Sir Gahalt. In the idleness
dialog: that comes with peace gossip has
dialog: bread its own evil. You merely repeat
dialog: it. Please, sir, have one of those
dialog: apples that Lancelot loves, and in
dialog: that gesture partake of its goodness.
text: Morgana picks the bowl up and as she does so, unseen by any
text: and with a magician's dexterity, she thrusts her fingernails
text: deep into the top apple. She gives the bowl to Guenevere,
text: who takes it and sweeps around to where Sir Gahalt sits,
text: followed by Morgana. The young knight jumps to his feet.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Take one, Sir Gahalt.
speaker_heading: SIR GAHALT
dialog: I am most honored, my lady.
text: He is too shy to take the shiniest, most beautiful apple on
text: top, and goes for another one. Morgana giggles, and he looks
text: at her. She looks at the apple on top and then smiles
text: encouragingly at him. Sir Gahalt takes it and starts eating
text: as the Queen returns to her seat.
text: With the third bite his is unable to breathe. His face goes
text: red and he rises to his feet, attempting to call out.
text: He falls, dying immediately. All leap to their feet, and
text: Arthur rushes to the young knight. Merlin is asleep and far
dialog: from human affairs.
text: Arthur and Sir Gawain rise from the body of the young knight.
text: Sir Gawain backs away from Arthur and points at Guenevere,
text: trembling with cold rage.
speaker_heading: SIR GAWAIN
dialog: Hear me, Lord Arthur, and knights
dialog: and chieftains: I charge Guenevere
dialog: with the murder of my brother.
text: Guenevere, white and with a broken voice, turns to Arthur.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: I didn't... I am innocent.
text: She begins to swoon and Morgana keeps her steady on her feet.
text: Arthur slumps into his seat and Sir Gawain kneels before
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SIR GAWAIN
dialog: I champion this truth: That Queen
dialog: Guenevere murdered Sir Gahalt with
text: the aid of sorcery.
text: Enraged, Arthur reaches for Excalibur. But with effort he
text: checks his impulse.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: The Queen will be in my charge till
text: a champion steps forward to fight on
dialog: her behalf.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Not you, my husband?
text: Arthur cannot look at her.
speaker_heading: SIR GAWAIN
dialog: She must be burnt at the stake. That
dialog: is the sentence for murder done with
dialog: magic.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: It is. Lords and knights of the Round
dialog: Table, as her husband I say that
dialog: this deed was not done by Guenevere.
dialog: Who among you will champion this
dialog: truth?
text: No one responds. Guenevere falls into her seat. Arthur
text: searches the eyes of his knights and they evade him.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Sir Caradoc! You!
text: The knight looks up.
speaker_heading: CARADOC
dialog: I am torn.
text: Sir Ector, old and feeble, weeps for Arthur. Someone speaks
text: up. It is Perceval, who kneels before the Queen. His voice
text: is unnaturally loud, and his eyes shine with held-back tears;
text: he stutters.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: I will champion you, my lady.
text: He is overwhelmed by his own boldness. He looks around. All
text: eyes are upon him. Guenevere smiles at him, sadly.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: I thank you, but you are not yet a
dialog: knight.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: I will find Lancelot! He will come!
text: Perceval hurries from the hall. Arthur looks away, ashamed,
text: and his eyes fall on Merlin, twitching and mumbling in his
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Boys!... boys will be boys...
scene_heading: EXT. HOVEL - COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: In full armor but for his helmet, Lancelot is seated at a
text: small table in the shadow of a tree, eating an apple.
text: A young girl is turning a chicken on a spit, and her mother
text: is removing freshly-baked bread from an oven. It is very
text: peaceful and silent until, galloping all out, Perceval
text: arrives. Frantic, out of breath, he leaps from his lathered
dialog: horse.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: I have found you. The Queen. An apple.
dialog: Tomorrow. Sir Gawain...
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: --It must wait, child. These good
dialog: ladies, for whom I intervened once,
dialog: will honor me with a meal. I am
dialog: beholden to them now as I was when
dialog: they begged my protection.
text: The two women set the chicken and the bread before the great
text: knight, and stand back to watch him eat, flushed with
text: excitement. Perceval falls silent, in awe of Lancelot.
scene_heading: INT. BEDCHAMBER, CAMELOT - NIGHT
text: Arthur stands hunched over the fireplace, staring into the
text: flames. Guenevere paces back and forth to a window.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Why can't you be my champion?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: If I am your judge, I cannot be your
dialog: champion. When I act as your King, I
dialog: cannot be your husband.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: And you cannot love me...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: The laws, my laws, must bind everyone,
dialog: high and low, or they are not laws
dialog: at all. Lancelot will come...
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: And if he cannot be found, no other
dialog: knight will champion me, though you
dialog: beseeched each and every one of them.
dialog: Why be king if there is no one you
dialog: can call loyal subject but an eager
dialog: boy?
text: He hides his anguish from her. Numb with hurt, she goes to a
text: tall curtained window, and draws it open, and stands there
text: looking out upon the surrounding forest, silent and still
text: beneath the moon.
scene_heading: EXT. WINDOW - NIGHT
text: She cries softly, and she whispers the name of the great
dialog: knight.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF THE FOREST, WALLS OF CAMELOT - NIGHT.
text: A mounted knight stands motionless at the edge of the forest,
text: his armor gleaming with dark lustre. It is Lancelot. His
text: eyes are raised to the high window, where he sees Guenevere.
text: He watches her in silence. In the high window Guenevere draws
text: the curtain and Lancelot reins back into the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Lancelot has unsaddled and tethered his horse in a small
text: clearing. He sits, resting back against a tree. He removes
text: his helmet; he plants his sword before him, like a cross. He
text: loosens the ties of his breastplate. He waits for day,
text: yawning, tired. But his eyes burn, and he closes them and
text: nods off to sleep.
text: A knight appears silently hovering over him. Lancelot looks
text: up, and his eyes go wide with fear. The knight towering above
text: him wears armor identical to his, and he raises his sword,
text: and the blade is descending upon Lancelot. Lancelot draws
text: his sword from the ground and rolls away, but the knight's
text: sword slices through his shoulder joint. Lancelot attempts
text: to rise but already the knight, Lancelot's mirror image, is
text: upon him. From the ground, Lancelot parries the blow and
text: slashes at the opponent's knee, cutting through the joint in
text: the armor and severing the leg.
text: The knight doesn't fall, doesn't bleed, doesn't cry out. On
text: one leg he comes forward, a horror. Lancelot is paralyzed by
text: fear. As the knight leaps upon Lancelot, Lancelot rises to
text: meet him, impaling himself on the knight's sword below the
text: hauberk. He throws the knight to the ground, and comes down
text: upon him. He rips off the helmet and the breastplate. The
text: armor is empty and Lancelot rolls over on his back, awakening
text: from the nightmare with his own sword deep in his stomach,
text: and in his hand his own helmet and breastplate, while other
text: parts of his armor lie strewn around him.
text: Only then does he become conscious of the terrible pain and
text: the shock of the truth. He grabs the hilt of his sword and
text: draws it from his stomach. He curls up in agony, clutching a
text: fistful of leaves to the wound.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Guenevere, I fight against myself...
text: He loses consciousness.
scene_heading: EXT. JOUSTING GROUND OUTSIDE CAMELOT - DAWN
text: The Bishop blesses the field. Guenevere, numb and
text: disbelieving, is being led to the stake, which rises from a
text: bed of straw and wood. Arthur watches, in shock. Other knights
text: and ladies keep their distance, watching darkly, stealing
text: glances at Arthur, mumbling disapproval of his refusing to
text: defend Guenevere. In battle dress, Sir Gawain rides up and
text: down the jousting run on a snorting and powerful horse,
text: practicing. Perceval, in a mail doublet, waits beside a mangy
text: roan, his face burning with anxiety.
text: Guenevere is tied to the stake. All eyes watch for the
text: approach of her champion. Arthur goes to Perceval.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Is he coming?
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: He heard Lady Guenevere's request
dialog: and he said nothing. That is all.
text: Arthur hides his pain behind a rigid mask.
scene_heading: EXT. JOUSTING GROUND - DAY
text: The sun has risen shining cruelly into Guenevere's eyes; the
text: queen is alone at the stake. Sir Gawain rides up to King
text: Arthur, who waits alone, separated from the others.
speaker_heading: SIR GAWAIN
dialog: My Lord, the sun is upon the field.
dialog: The Queen has no champion. I demand
dialog: justice, as is my right.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: So it is.
text: Perceval leaps onto his horse.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Let me champion the Queen!
text: Sir Gawain looks at the squire with contempt.
speaker_heading: SIR GAWAIN
dialog: (to Arthur)
dialog: Since no knight comes forward, I
dialog: demand justice--
text: Arthur is in anguish. He searches the tree line for a sign
text: of Lancelot. He looks from Guenevere at the stake to his own
text: knights watching him. He draws Excalibur. A gasp goes through
text: the crowd of onlookers.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Boy, kneel.
text: Perceval leaps from his horse and bends his knee before the
text: King. Arthur brings the sword down on the boy's shoulder,
text: giving him the three strokes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: In the name of God, of St. Michael,
dialog: and St. George, I make you a knight.
dialog: Rise, Sir...
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: ...Perceval!
text: Gawain shakes his head disdainfully as Perceval mounts back
text: into the saddle, his eyes burning with fervor.
text: Sir Gawain and Perceval ride to opposite ends of the field.
text: The spectators fall silent, all staring blankly, their senses
text: dulled by the tragedy, at the uneven combatants.
text: A cry goes up. Lancelot rides out of the forest. He rides up
text: to the King and salutes him. Arthur smiles at his old friend,
text: tears of joy in his eyes. Lancelot bows toward Guenevere and
text: rides on to where Perceval waits.
text: Lancelot reaches out to touch Perceval's cheek.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: It's my task to prove the Queen's
dialog: innocence.
text: Perceval cannot reply, his eyes affixed on the blood that
text: trickles from Lancelot's hauberk. Lancelot raises his lance
text: in salute to Gawain across the field. Gawain salutes in
dialog: answer.
text: The two huge knights charge at each other, each man's spear
text: tip making contact with the other's armor, and in the violent
text: collision both are unhorsed. Lancelot is slower at getting
text: to his feet and drawing his sword.
text: He is bleeding below the hauberk from his self-inflicted
dialog: wound.
text: In the first onslaught Lancelot fights defensively, falling
text: back. He has to toss aside his shield and hold his stomach
text: with his shield hand.
text: Morgana watches with Merlin. Every terrible blow of sword on
text: sword reverberates through her body pleasurable. Merlin is
text: captivated by her cruel sensuality.
scene_heading: EXT. JOUSTING GROUND - LATE DAY
text: They swing and thrust at each other with slower but bone-
text: crushing force, both unsteady now. Blood seeps from Lancelot's
text: feet, leaving awful footprints on the earth. Finally, with a
text: daring thrust, Lancelot lifts Gawain's visor and the sword
text: tip is before his eyes. Gawain drops his sword and shield,
text: kneels and speaks in a voice hoarse with weariness.
speaker_heading: SIR GAWAIN
dialog: The Queen is innocent. I yield to
dialog: your mercy, Sir Lancelot.
text: Lancelot collapses in a dead faint.
scene_heading: INT. CELL, CAMELOT - EVENING
text: Eyes closed, Lancelot lies on a bed, naked but for a cloth
text: across his loins. His minor wounds have been dressed, and
text: Merlin is kneading the huge gash in his stomach, working the
text: severed flesh together. Guenevere stands on one side of the
text: bed, Arthur on the other, both looking down upon Lancelot,
text: relieved and not daring to look at each other.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Flesh on flesh. You must press on
dialog: the wound, Guenevere, hold it, and
dialog: it will begin to bind.
text: Guenevere kneels, and at her touch Lancelot's eyes flicker
text: open. Merlin exits, and draws Arthur away with him.
text: Arthur is deeply tormented.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Merlin, tell me. Now that Guenevere
dialog: is returned to me...
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: What is it my child?
text: Merlin appears moved by the predicaments that Arthur has to
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Will I have a son?
text: Merlin stares off into the evening sky, where a lark sings
text: high up.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Just yes? No mad laughter, no riddles,
dialog: nothing but a simple yes? That
dialog: frightens me.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: A king should be afraid, always. The
text: enemy is everywhere. Waiting in ambush
text: in the dark corridors of his castle,
dialog: on the deer paths of his forest, or
text: in the gray and winding paths of a
text: more tangled forest, in here.
text: He taps his skull and smiles.
scene_heading: INT. CELL - EVENING
text: Lancelot is staring into Guenevere's eyes. She opens her
text: shift, baring a breast with the innocence of a mother
text: preparing to suckle a child. She presses her breast to his
text: wound, her face to his chest, her arms enfolding him. She
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Flesh on flesh. I will heal you.
text: His body trembles and his eyes brim with tears. He is lost.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ROUND TABLE, CAMELOT - NIGHT
text: The court is assembled, for the evening feast. There is music
text: and heavy drinking. Some knights are slouched across the
text: table. Lancelot, still weak, takes his seat, looking at the
text: drunken and frivolous knights. Arthur catches it, and they
text: smile at each other.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: They miss the battlefield. I think
dialog: we do too.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: But one can still keep a sword sharp
text: riding out in the name of the King's
dialog: law.
text: Guenevere cannot tear her eyes from Lancelot. He avoids her
text: look. Arthur looks from Guenevere to Lancelot, and speaks
text: softly to him, across her, and with stabbing directness.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: It is not easy for the young ones to
dialog: learn knightly virtues without the
dialog: hard teaching of war and quest. It
dialog: is only your example, Lancelot, that
text: binds them now.
text: Then, addressing the hall:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Which is the greatest quality of
dialog: knighthood? Courage? Compassion?
dialog: Loyalty? Humility? What do you say,
dialog: Merlin?
text: He is bent close to Morgana, whispering. Only when the hall
text: rings with laughter does he look up.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: What?
dialog: (then seeing he has
dialog: an audience)
dialog: The greatest? They blend together
dialog: like the metals we mix to make a
dialog: good sword.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I didn't ask for poetry. Which is
dialog: it?
text: Merlin looks from Arthur to Guenevere to Lancelot to Arthur.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: All right. Truth. It must be truth,
text: above all. When a man lies he murders
dialog: some part of the world.
text: An uneasy silence falls upon the feast. Guenevere and Lancelot
text: cannot look at each other, and Arthur feels it. Lancelot
text: jumps to his feet.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Conversation and court life don't
dialog: suit me. I must take my rest in the
dialog: forest.
text: Guenevere stifles her dismay.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Hasn't Merlin mended your wound?
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: It is deep...
text: Arthur is about to rise to embrace him, but checks himself.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You will be sorely missed. Heal
dialog: yourself and come back.
text: The exchange has become closely intimate, even though they
text: stand apart and speak before everyone in the large hall.
text: Lancelot leaves. Only Guenevere cannot watch.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST GLADE -DAY
text: Water gurgles from a rock that is captive in the roots of an
text: ancient oak. Lancelot, in armor, reclines against its trunk,
text: the roots cradling him. He is perfectly still, drawing life
text: from the vibrant, all-enfolding forest.
text: Flower petals drift on the breeze. Trees sigh. Fox and rabbit,
text: sparrow and hawk, at peace with each other, watch over the
dialog: knight.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST -DAY
text: A horse and rider tear through the thick undergrowth. It is
text: Guenevere. The forest races past her as she gallops toward
text: the glade, brambles tearing at her flesh and clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST GLADE - DAY
text: Lancelot gets to his feet, tense. Guenevere dismounts and
text: approaches. She is flushed and breathless from the wild race.
text: Her horse, left free, wanders over to his and grazes beside
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Why? You will destroy Arthur, and
dialog: us...
text: She moves closer and he thrusts out his mailed fist to keep
text: her away. She clutches it and presses the metal to her soft
text: tear-streaked cheek.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: The law forbids it.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: Love demands it.
text: Hungry with passion, she embraces the cold unmoving armor,
text: kissing it.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: There are things about love--
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: --Nothing!
text: He steps back, drawing his sword. He holds it up by the blade
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: By my knight's sword, I swore faith--
text: And before he can finish she grabs the blade to push it aside.
text: He holds it fast. Blood streams from her bare hands. He cannot
text: prevail without cutting them deeply. He lets go of the sword,
text: and she lets it fall to the ground.
text: She embraces his still and defeated hulk. She kisses the
text: metal, and sensation shoots through him, dizzying him.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Guenevere...
text: He folds her in his arm, and their bodies lock together as
text: though a trap had sprung. Their mouths meet, each devouring
dialog: the other...
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENTS, CAMELOT - DUSK
text: Arthur and Merlin, the King desperate, the Wizard overwhelmed
dialog: by compassion:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I am alone and betrayed. By my wife,
dialog: by my beloved friend, by my knights.
dialog: And by you. Perhaps most of all by
dialog: you. For you made me, you forged
dialog: this wretched life. And like a child
dialog: tired of a toy, you toss me aside, a
text: babbling lecher trotting after my
dialog: sister...
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: That is my destiny. I have a destiny,
dialog: too...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: With all your powers, you are content
dialog: to be ridiculed, laughed at...
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: My powers fade, Arthur. I resort to
dialog: cheap tricks...
dialog: (with sudden enthusiasm)
dialog: Yes! I enjoy every moment of my
dialog: foolishness, I join in the making of
dialog: it, so no one can betray me. But
dialog: you! You betray yourself.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Me? I have lived by the oath of king
dialog: and knight.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You betray the boy who drew the sword,
dialog: the boy who saw the Dragon... the
text: Dragon who moves close by, coiling
text: and uncoiling, restless, looking
dialog: down, waiting for the King to be a
dialog: king...
text: Arthur looks up and in the rolling clouds maybe, just maybe,
text: the form of a dragon is taking shape. Arthur draws Excalibur,
text: intensity animating his dead features.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I must do it myself. I must kill
text: them both. Lancelot and Guenevere.
dialog: Will you ride with me, Merlin?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I cannot. I must not. Here I must
dialog: stay.
text: They embrace. Merlin is on the verge of tears, his face
text: immediately sad and finally ancient. Arthur exits.
text: Morgana, who has been watching from the shadows, watching
text: from the shadows, slinks up to Merlin's side.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Crazy old fool. You think yourself a
dialog: kingmaker. Ha! A meddler, more likely.
dialog: Look what a mess you've made of
dialog: things.
text: Merlin smiles knowingly at her.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I? Perhaps, perhaps. I'm losing
dialog: interest, Morgana... I have helped
dialog: men--or meddled in their affairs, if
dialog: you would have it that way--since
dialog: the dawn of time. Now let them live
dialog: by their own laws. Let them stand on
dialog: their own feet. The gods of once are
dialog: gone forever, it is time for men...
dialog: Morgana, make a man out of me. Kiss
dialog: me.
text: He reaches to touch her lips. She cradles his hand in hers
text: and doesn't allow Merlin to kiss her. She kisses his knuckles
text: and stares into his eyes, stoking his desire.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: You know what I want. I want the
dialog: secret of true magic, how to thicken
dialog: the stuff of dreams and wishes with
dialog: the flesh of the world.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: That I cannot.
text: She breaks away, provocative, alluring.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Then I will not.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Arthur and Sir Kay gallop through the forest, silently. It
text: is not a dream. Their armor and the hooves of their horses
text: are muffled with pieces of cloth.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST GLADE - NIGHT
dialog: Only Nature will ever see their love; the creatures of the
text: air, tree and ground witness the final reality of their
text: passion and sense its unfathomable depths, singing of it in
text: a hundred languages. Lancelot and Guenevere are naked and
text: interlocked, one being, suspended in the darkness in the eye
dialog: of the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Arthur walks soundlessly through the trees, approaching the
text: glade. The forest falls suddenly silent.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST GLADE - NIGHT
text: All passion spent, locked in each other's arms, Lancelot and
text: Guenevere drift off into sleep.
text: Arthur comes upon them. He stands over them. He draws
text: Excalibur. Checking all emotion, he holds it above his head.
text: The ancient steel glows darkly.
text: The lovers faces are serene and innocently beautiful. He
text: hesitates, tormented. His mask of anguish gives way to
text: determination and calm. He strikes the sword home, letting
dialog: go of it.
text: He backs away, turns and disappears into the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST GLADE - DAWN
text: The sky is red; so is the steel of Excalibur. Lancelot awakens
text: and starts at what he sees. His cry stirs Guenevere. They
text: are horrified to see Excalibur impaled in the ground between
text: their entwined bodies. It has pierced their union without
text: grazing their flesh. They leap up and back away, unable to
dialog: speak at first.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Why didn't he kill us?
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
text: He has given up.
text: She kneels before the sword, embracing the hilt to her breast.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: The King without his sword, the land
dialog: without a king...
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: We are to blame.
text: Lancelot stumbles into the forest, berserk with guilt. He
text: rages against a small tree, crying out, and he rips its roots
text: from the ground, the terrible tearing and renting the symbol
text: of his own inner torment.
text: Guenevere sinks to the ground next to Lancelot's empty armor
text: and his abandoned sword.
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEONS OF CAMELOT
text: Merlin and Morgana descend winding steps cut out of rock.
text: The only light comes from the glow of Merlin's staff.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: When Arthur built the castle, I carved
dialog: out a place for myself, where I could
dialog: laugh or sleep, and no one would
dialog: bother me.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: People make you laugh?
text: He laughs.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: They do.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Why?
text: He leans close to her ear, whispering into it.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: They don't know how close they live
dialog: to the edge of delight or disas...
text: He is about to kiss her when he slips. He laughs.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Happiness or horror.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE BENEATH CAMELOT
text: They pass through jaws of stalactites and stalagmites. Merlin
text: cracks his staff whip-like and a ball of fire billows up
text: from the tip and illuminates a cave wildly veined and
text: filigreed with minerals and crusted with growths of crystals.
text: The light goes out but the malachite and the gold, the quartz,
text: diamond and beryllium burn dully. He turns to her, suddenly
text: tall and unstooped, younger, sleek and evil.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: In the folds of the earth where the
dialog: forces that hold the world together
dialog: are more alive, my power is strongest.
dialog: Here I will possess you, as a man
text: possesses a woman. And the god, the
dialog: eunuch, the mule that I was, will be
dialog: no more.
text: He sweeps her up into his arms.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: You are truly magnificent!
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Flattery! Do you think I am ignorant
dialog: of your stupid little games? Preying
dialog: on you weakness of others. That's
dialog: your power, a petty evil. Mine is
dialog: great. Great plans. Impossible dreams.
dialog: Laughable endings...
text: He deposits her on bare rock. He kisses her. She pushes him
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Merlin, the powers of Summoning, the
dialog: true Name of the charms of Doing and
dialog: Undoing. Show me!
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I won't. You would misuse such power.
dialog: I have paid enough for you, and I
dialog: will have you.
text: She leans forward and kisses his ear and whispers.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Make magic, my foolish wizard. For
dialog: our love. Weave a marvelous room
dialog: around us, a room worthy of our
dialog: coupling.
text: She draws closer, kissing him deeply. He breathes heavily.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: What do you want? You must desire it
dialog: for me to weave it.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
text: Walls of shining crystals, burning
text: with red fire, furnishings of metals
dialog: and jewels never seen by man...
text: Morgana falls silent as Merlin raises a hand, majestically
text: intoning a harsh repetitive charm. The mineral veins of the
text: cave begin to glow and fog seeps out from them enveloping
dialog: the couple.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Desire it and it will be as you
dialog: desire.
text: Morgana burns with intensity. Merlin utters a formula and
text: the fog coalesces around them into the shimmering presence
text: of crystal walls, fountains raining jewels, flowers made of
text: scented air, a bed of glass shot with light and covered with
text: skins of animals dead before the time of man, goblets of
text: ruby, tapestries woven of golden hair. She reaches out to
text: touch the wall and her hand plunges through the unmaterialized
dialog: illusion.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: It's only a semblance. You disappoint
dialog: me.
text: She begins lacing up her loosened gown.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Don't touch the walls. Come close to
dialog: me.
text: She does, a mad hope in her eyes. She kisses his chest.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Do it, Merlin, the deepest secret.
dialog: Fix it with the charm of Making, for
dialog: our endless pleasure.
text: He utters the ancient charm, Morgana listening closely,
text: memorizing it. The illusion is all of a sudden solid.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: For you...
text: She runs her hand across the hard crystal surface, her eyes
text: gleaming.
text: From outside the wondrous room they can be seen to embrace.
text: He carries her to the magical bed where he makes love to
text: her, as they disappear from view in its effulgent light.
text: She comes out through the crystal door, burning with evil
text: intent. She turns to watch him asleep in the bed.
text: She utters the charm of Summoning learnt from Merlin, and
text: the room melts into an eddying carmine fog. Within it, Merlin
text: struggles to awaken from the torpor of love, alarmed.
text: Outside, Morgana utters the charm of Making and the gaseous
text: mass begins to crystallize.
text: Inside, Merlin is rising to his feet, breathing the red fog,
text: his movements slowing to a standstill, his mouth opening in
text: a scream of horror.
text: The cloud has metamorphosed into a magnificent cluster of
text: red crystals. Morgana peers into its facets and there she
text: sees, in fragments, Merlin's terror... an eye, the gaping
text: mouth, a clawing hand--as he is entombed in the stone. She
text: laughs in triumph.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - CAMELOT - DAY
text: Surrounded by forest, the spires and battlements of Camelot
text: rise under black storm clouds. Arthur and Kay ride back to
dialog: the castle.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ROUND TABLE - DAY
text: The great hall is in gloom. Few knights are in attendance at
dialog: the table.
text: Some sleep off last night's wine. Arthur approaches, haggard,
dialog: searching.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Has no one seen Merlin?
text: Knights look up; those who meet Arthur's reddened eyes shake
dialog: their heads.
text: Arthur leaves. A knight whispers to another.
speaker_heading: KNIGHT
dialog: Did you see? The King was without
dialog: Excalibur...
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAYS, CAMELOT - DAY
text: Echoing in the vaulted corridors outside the hall, the
text: knight's whisper stabs Arthur.
text: The words now seem borne on the whistling wind and follow
text: the King wherever he goes in search of Merlin. He comes upon
text: a knight seducing a lady in a dark corner by the chapel door,
text: his hand under her gown. Arthur notes the sacrilege in
text: silence, and continues on his way.
scene_heading: INT. BEDCHAMBER - DAY
text: The wind keens. Thunder rolls overhead. Arthur enters his
text: bedchamber. He sits by the empty fireplace, a broken man.
text: Feminine hands light on his shoulders. He starts. He looks
text: up. It is Morgana. He smiles and grasps her hand.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: I'll weep for you, brother, for a
dialog: King must not weep.
text: She comes around and she kneels in front of him. Before he
text: can talk she silences him with a tender caress.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Do you know what Guenevere's maids
dialog: have whispered?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: That when the King returned from
dialog: battle...
text: She begins untying the laces of his metal thigh and shin
dialog: guards.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
text: ...Guenevere would unlace his armor
dialog: and massage the burns where metal
dialog: rubbed on flesh...
text: She is stripping his legs naked, gently touching the flesh
text: with her fingertips. He stares off, remembering.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: ...She would prepare a bath for you,
dialog: mixing special ointment in the
dialog: water...
text: Arthur's eyes brim with tears. Morgana weeps, embracing his
text: knees. He rests his hand gently upon her head, choked with
text: remembrance, soothing her. But as she weeps, she incants a
dialog: charm.
text: Arthur looks down upon her, and the woman who looks up at
text: him is Guenevere, a Guenevere with cold ice eyes. He is made
text: weak by desire and weakened further by magic. He holds her
text: face adoringly.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Guenevere! You are--
speaker_heading: "GUENEVERE"
dialog: --Don't speak. A thousand words, a
dialog: hundred thousand words, would only
dialog: be prologue to the truth that must
dialog: be. That you, King, and I, your Queen,
dialog: beget a son to bond our love and to
dialog: strengthen our weak kingdom with a
dialog: successor. Come, my lord...
text: She draws him to the floor and upon her body, holding him
text: tightly to himself. Arthur trembles with excitement, pathetic
text: in his desperate passion.
text: As he takes her, she shudders, losing control of the charm,
text: and her features change till once again "Guenevere" is
text: Morgana. She holds him in a tight embrace so that he may not
text: see her. She whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: The moon flows in my blood to meet
dialog: your seed. And already I bear him
dialog: who will be King.
text: Arthur wrenches himself away so he can see her, her arms
text: still around his neck. He looks down upon her, aghast,
text: incredulous.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: I could easily kill you, brother.
dialog: But I want you to live to see our
dialog: son be King. In me, the blood of
dialog: Cornwall will have its revenge; in
dialog: me, the blood of Uther will show its
dialog: dark side.
text: She presses her thumbs into his neck and he faints.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - CAMELOT - DAY
text: Morgana, with a small party, rides away from the castle
text: through the lashing storm, till they are taken from sight in
dialog: the folds of the forest...
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Lightening forks across the sky, illuminating the interior.
text: The chapel has been transformed into a place of satanic
text: worship. Held up and surrounded by hooded figures, Morgana
text: lies on the altar, her pregnant belly huge; and her features
text: are fierce with passionate intensity. She writhes in the
text: pangs of childbirth.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Stand back, all of you. Through my
dialog: own body I have nurtured him with my
dialog: potions. I made him. I alone can
dialog: give him life.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL, CAMELOT - NIGHT
text: Arthur enters, pale and haunted. Mass is being celebrated,
text: and some knights are present. Those not asleep whisper to
text: each other about the King. The sound of an approaching storm
text: is heard.
text: As the priest raises the chalice to consecrate the wine.
text: Arthur comes down the aisle and steps onto the altar. He
text: reaches out to grasp the chalice from the priest's hands.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Morgana holds aloft her beautiful newborn baby, his body
text: glistening in a flash of lightening. She is triumphant.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL, CAMELOT - NIGHT.
text: A bolt of lightening strikes the chalice, rocking the chapel,
text: and Arthur is knocked back violently.
text: Rain lashes in through the shattered window upon the terrified
text: knights. They and the priest back away. Arthur is left alone.
text: He rises and goes to the chalice, which is bent and cracked.
text: He kneels before it. Steam hisses up as rain falls on it.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ROUND TABLE - DAY
text: Sun streams in. Many of the knights are in attendance, in
text: full armor.
text: Ladies and pages watch from dark corners. Arthur addresses
dialog: the fellowship.
text: He holds the cracked chalice in his hands. He burns with a
text: new-found fervor.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Who will ride the labyrinths of the
dialog: forest, to the very root of his soul,
dialog: to the very ends of the earth, to
dialog: find the secret that will redeem us
text: from the evil that has fallen upon
dialog: us, and make this chalice, and
dialog: ourselves, whole again?
text: Gawain rises and draws his sword in salute.
speaker_heading: SIR GAWAIN
dialog: I will ride forth in the name of
dialog: that quest, and commit my strength
dialog: and my soul to it.
text: Perceval, Kay and a few others draw their swords and touch
text: their lips to the blades in oath. Sunbeams splash off their
dialog: armor.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: I will go.
text: The rest of the fellowship draw their swords in imitation,
text: but the resolution within them is not strong. Arthur comes
dialog: forward to Gawain.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Gawain, a dreadful fear is upon me,
dialog: that we may never meet again, that
dialog: the fellowship will be no more...
text: He embraces Gawain, tears in his eyes. He turns to Perceval,
text: and Perceval kneels.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: We will find the secret or die.
text: Arthur kisses the young knight's brow. Then he turns to Kay.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Kay, I know your heart yearns to go,
dialog: but I am prisoner to my duties, and
dialog: you must be to yours, at my side.
text: Arthur and Kay watch the knights file out till the hall is
text: empty, the harsh song of their armor growing distant.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: A LEGEND APPEARS:
dialog: "For nine years they searched. Morgana's power grew in the
dialog: land."
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SNOWSCAPE - DAY
text: Under a leaden sky, Gawain drives his horse through swirling
text: snow. He comes upon a mounted knight who is frozen in his
text: tracks. He brushes the snow from the man's face. The frozen
text: features belong to Caradoc. He slowly continues on his way.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAD FOREST - DAY
text: Dangling from the branches of a dead tree are a dozen dead
text: knights of the Round Table, crows pecking at the rotting
text: flesh in the chinks of armor. Perceval rides up, cries out
text: in horror, and spurs his horse away.
scene_heading: EXT. MOORS - DAY
text: The rotting carcasses of sheep. The crops blackened and
text: withered on the stalk. Hungry peasants head for a distant
dialog: hill.
scene_heading: EXT, HILLSIDE, MOORS - DAY
text: A giant head has been carved out of an outcrop of rock, its
text: stone mouth gaping toward the sky.
text: People are congregated around the mouth. Peasants and farmers,
text: they are wild with excitement, responding to drums throbbing
text: and bagpipes wailing.
text: They watch Morgana, who is surrounded by knights in dark
text: armor. At her side is an angelic boy of eight, his eyes cold
text: as his mother's. Morgana is more beautiful than ever, in
text: flowing druidic robes, the gossamer silk clinging to her
text: sweat-drenched body.
text: She is standing by the deep hole which forms the giant's
text: open mouth. It is covered by a tooth-like grating acting as
text: a drain for the blood of human sacrifices made there. Before
text: her is Gawain, chained and struggling against five strong
text: men who hold him. Morgana lifts a dagger and plunges it into
text: Gawain's chest. The fountain of blood that gushes from the
text: great knight's body drives the crowd into a frenzy.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: (intoning)
dialog: The blood of this knight will feed
dialog: the god in the earth, he is weak
dialog: with hunger, and he will be made
dialog: strong by this blood. Then he will
dialog: plant his seed, and the land will be
text: fertile once again.
text: Gawain, his blood flowing from him and into the giant's mouth,
text: looks up in anguish. His bellowing voice is echoed and
text: amplified by the hollow beneath the drain.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Arthur, forgive me. I die without
dialog: the secret. I have failed.
scene_heading: EXT. MOORS - DAY
text: Gawain's death cry and the din of the ritual carries to
text: Perceval's ears as he wanders through the wasteland. He draws
text: down his visor and spurs his horse forward.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE, MOORS - DAY
text: He gallops toward the giant's head. He checks his sword and
text: lowers his lance.
text: The knight charging forward on his war horse is an awesome
text: sight, but the crowd around the giant's mouth is strangely
text: unfrightened. Morgana is excited; she turns to the boy.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Look, Mordred, a true prize for the
text: giant. The lamb rides into our jaws.
text: Perceval is galloping toward them when the ground gives way
text: beneath the horse, and he and the animal plunge into a pit.
text: The cheering crowd rushes to the edge of the trap.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: (to Mordred)
dialog: You must kill him, for this knight
dialog: is dear to your father. You must do
dialog: it and learn to enjoy your father's
dialog: pain.
text: Her knights drag Perceval, unarmed, into Morgana's presence.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Have you found what you search for?
dialog: Have you found what Arthur seeks?
text: Perceval doesn't answer, defiant and hiding his fear.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: You haven't, or you would be smiling
dialog: now in the face of death. Your quest
dialog: is an impossible one.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: That it might be impossible makes it
dialog: all the more necessary.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Fool!
dialog: (to the men holding
dialog: Perceval)
dialog: Uncover him. I'll show you the mystery
dialog: of life. It's death...
dialog: (to Mordred)
dialog: Do it, Mordred!
text: Holding Perceval by his limbs and hair, the men force him
text: down on the bloody grating, drawing back his head, exposing
text: his throat. Morgana kneels by his head, and draws the boy
text: beside her. She holds the tip of the dagger to Perceval's
text: neck and takes Mordred's hand and wraps it around the handle.
text: Perceval is choked with fear, his heart pounding in his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Feel the life through the dagger,
dialog: child. It belongs to you.
text: The boy looks up at his mother. The vein in Perceval's neck
text: pushes against the dagger's point.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: I feel it, Mother. I will give his
text: blood to the giant.
text: The boy raises the dagger, and hesitates just a bit. Perceval
text: resigns himself bravely. He looks the child calmly in the
text: eye. Mordred brings down the blade without strength, just
text: piercing the skin with the tip. He lets go of the dagger,
text: afraid now of his mistake.
text: The dagger clatters to the grating and slips away down the
text: drain, before Morgana can retrieve it. She rages against
text: Mordred. In the confusion, Perceval tears loose, the men
text: holding him slipping on the blood-wet stone.
text: Perceval runs through the crowd. Immediately, lance lowered,
text: a knight is upon him. Perceval leaps toward him, catching
text: the lance in his hand, and pulling down the rider with it.
text: He jumps the rider and draws the knight's sword. Whirling
text: the lance and cutting the air with the sword, he keeps back
text: the other knights for a moment, giving him time to see his
text: chance. He leaps onto the riderless horse and charges off
text: through the crowd. He reins in abruptly, the horse rearing.
text: He is wary of the ground before him; there could be a hidden
text: pit. But there is no time to think. Knights and men on foot
text: are rushing him. He spurs forward into a gallop, the horse
text: striding mightily And its hind leg sinks into a pit, the
text: animal losing its gait. But the momentum carries the horse
text: forward, and it recovers from the stumble.
text: Perceval gallops away.
text: Morgana is enraged. She shakes Mordred by the hair.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: You didn't kill him! You didn't kill
dialog: him!
text: But suddenly she begins kissing him tenderly.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: My dear, sweet boy...
text: He just stands there emotionless, the dead center of her
text: turbulent passions.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAD FOREST - DAY
text: Perceval gallops down a trail. The black-armored knights of
text: Morgana chase him.
text: Perceval reins into deep cover alongside the trail. The
text: pursuers thunder past and the sound of hooves recedes.
text: Perceval checks his newly found sword, slashes the air to
text: feel the weapon's balance. He re-sheathes it. He pats the
dialog: horse.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: We'll become good friends.
text: He starts off again, into the patchless forest of dead trees.
text: He is suddenly set upon by a wildman who, swinging a small
text: uprooted tree, knocks him off his horse. Perceval crashes to
text: the ground and before he can use his sword the wildman has
text: knocked it out of his hand.
text: It is Lancelot, demented, who furiously rains battering blows
text: on Perceval's armor, bellowing with rage. All that Perceval
text: can do is attempt to avoid the blows. Lancelot addresses
text: Perceval as if the young knight were Lancelot himself.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Where are you going, Lancelot, in
dialog: your iron tomb? Still trying to save
dialog: the world?
text: (He hammers blows
dialog: into Perceval's armor)
dialog: The best... the bravest... the
dialog: greatest... fool that ever lived.
dialog: Now the world rots. Death is king of
dialog: the earth. And it is you who make it
dialog: so, Lancelot.
text: Before Perceval can speak, Lancelot disappears again into
text: the forest, his eyes blank, as though his encounter with the
dialog: young knight had never happened.
text: A knot of pain, Perceval pulls himself up. He tries to rise
text: into the saddle. He is too hurt to do it. He starts off on
text: foot, slowly, leading the horse.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAD FOREST AND STREAM - NIGHT
text: It is very dark and Perceval has to feel his way.
text: He comes to the edge of a stream. He kneels to drink, and
text: the horse drinks beside him. Then he rests back on his heels,
text: brooding, too tired to rise.
text: He lowers his eyes, staring into the dark water, defeated,
text: empty.
text: Before him in the water a long thin bar of light appears. He
text: looks at it amazed. Voices are heard singing very far away.
text: He reaches out to touch the long strip of light but his hand
text: just disturbs the water. It is a reflection. The strip grows
text: wider and the ethereal music is closer.
text: Perceval looks up. The strip of light is before him,
text: suspended, thirty feet above. It continues to grow wider. A
text: drawbridge is being slowly lowered, allowing a powerful light
text: to escape from within.
text: Perceval is terrified. In pain, he slowly rises into the
text: saddle, ready to gallop off; but fascinated, hypnotized by
text: the sight, he cannot, and he stays and watches.
text: The dim outline of a castle becomes visible as the drawbridge
text: is lowered across the water to the ground at his feet. At
text: the center of the blast of light coming from the castle,
text: Perceval can make out a burning chalice. The music swells to
text: a terrifying pitch, searing the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE TO CASTLE - NIGHT
text: At the sight of the chalice, Perceval masters his fear. Bathed
text: in light and music, he spurs the horse forward onto the
text: drawbridge.
text: Once he is on it, the bridge begins to rise. Unsure of its
text: footing and blinded by the light, the horse becomes skittish,
text: and Perceval has to struggle to control it. He dismounts to
text: lead it, but the horse is terrified, rears up and jumps off
text: the bridge, which continues to rise, drawn up by unseen hands.
text: Perceval hesitates, then advances down the sloping drawbridge
text: into the castle courtyard. All details are bleached out by
text: the blinding light. The chalice appears suspended in space,
text: and now the figure of a man can be glimpsed standing behind
dialog: it.
text: Enchanting music from unseen singers grows and weaves.
text: Perceval looks back to see the drawbridge slowly closing,
text: trapping him inside.
text: He approaches the figure, his courage ebbing. Hands cupping
text: the chalice, it speaks to him.
speaker_heading: FIGURE
dialog: What is the secret of the chalice?
dialog: Who does it serve?
text: Perceval doesn't understand. He glances back again. The
text: drawbridge is nearly closed. Terror seizes him.
text: Panicked, puzzled, baffled, he backs away. He scrambles up
text: the drawbridge desperate to reach the top before it closes.
text: He claws his way up till his hand grasps the top. He heaves
text: himself through the narrow closing slit which is about to
text: crush him. He screams, and with a final effort he wriggles
text: free and topples over crashing into the water below.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAD FOREST AND STREAM - NIGHT
text: He looks up. The drawbridge thunders shut, the last thin
text: strip of light disappearing; and now he is surrounded only
text: by the silence of the forest.
text: Where there was a castle, now there is darkness. Perceval
text: wades through the water. He has crossed the stream and all
text: he can see and feel are tree trunks. The castle has
text: disappeared. He is utterly defeated.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: The chalice. The secret was in my
text: grasp. I let it slip, afraid for
dialog: myself. A question was asked. I didn't
dialog: understand. I didn't try. I failed...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: A LEGEND APPEARS:
dialog: "Nine years passed."
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. CAVE BENEATH CAMELOT.
text: Dripping water is steadily encrusting the crystal with
dialog: limestone.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ROUND TABLE, CAMELOT - DAY
text: Dead knights lay on biers. The once glorious seat of power
text: is falling into decay. Few are in attendance around the table.
text: Agitated, Kay enters and goes to Arthur, who is worn and
text: haggard, and aged.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Your son Mordred is at the gate.
text: Arthur comes alive.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: At last...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Don't recognize him. You were trapped
text: by Morgana's sorcery.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (staring off)
text: ...Gawain and Perceval, Bors and
text: Bohort, Caradoc and Ector, and all
dialog: the others--lost to me. Only the
text: echo of their voices remains in this
dialog: empty hall. All I have left is the
dialog: memory of their fellowship. Echoes
dialog: and memories. I am a ghost of the
dialog: King that once was...
text: (he turns to Kay and
dialog: with sudden harshness)
dialog: ...Mordred is real, alive, my own
dialog: flesh and blood. I will see him, I
dialog: must.
scene_heading: EXT. GATE, INSIDE AND OUTSIDE CAMELOT - DAY
text: The drawbridge lowers slowly, and Arthur moves away from Kay
text: and the other knights, and advances across it.
text: Rooks wheel over the dead trees of the forest that surrounds
text: Camelot. A group of armed men waits at the edge of the forest.
text: One steps forward, a huge knight in black armor, the metal
text: defining and exaggerating the powerful musculature of his
text: body. He is Mordred, a young man of eighteen, and of
text: extraordinary beauty. A page follows ten steps behind him
text: bearing an enormous spear, its points hooded. Arthur stops
text: at the edge of the drawbridge, the huge knight a few steps
text: from him. Kay, ready for anything, moves halfway across the
text: drawbridge.
text: Mordred kneels on one knee.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: Father...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Rise, Mordred.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: I have come to claim what is mine,
dialog: Father.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I recognize you only as my son, no
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: (his tone is scathing)
dialog: And you are the great King? The lords
text: have rebelled. Invaders attack the
dialog: coasts. Crops don't grow. There is
dialog: nothing but plague and hunger in the
dialog: land. Only I am feared. I will be
dialog: king. You may have lost Excalibur,
dialog: but I have found my own weapon of
dialog: power. There.
text: He points to the huge lance. The page pulls a string and the
text: hood drops, revealing a diabolically sharp spear tip, its
text: metal glinting menacingly.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
text: The very spear that pierced the side
text: of Christ as he died on the cross.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Your mother told you that?
text: Mordred is thrown off by the doubt Arthur has cast. Arthur
text: looks upon his son, desperately trying to read him.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I cannot offer you the land, only my
dialog: love...
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: And I offer only this, Father. To
dialog: commit with passion and pleasure all
dialog: the evils that you failed to commit,
dialog: as man and king.
text: Arthur goes forward to embrace his son, a desperate attempt.
text: Mordred recoils.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: We will embrace only in battle.
dialog: Father, and I will touch you only
text: with the blade of my spear.
text: Arthur is on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: I will muster a great force of
dialog: knights, and I will return to fight
dialog: for what is mine.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: So be it.
text: He turns and re-enters the castle, the drawbridge pulled up
text: immediately behind him. He is hunched over, broken.
scene_heading: EXT. BARREN LAND - EVENING
text: Asleep in the saddle, Perceval rides across burnt and
text: smoldering fields. The horse walks aimlessly; it is the same
text: animal, mangy and old. A hoard of children in filthy rags
text: closes in on him, begging, pulling at the horse's trappings.
text: He bolts awake and reins away. His eyes are red and feverish.
text: Wild hope grips him when he sees a glinting light by a
text: farmhouse. He spurs the horse forward into a gallop.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM - EVENING
text: He leaps from the saddle and a terrified woman backs away.
text: Perceval plunges his hand into the source of light. It is
text: nothing but the reflection of the dying sun in a bucketful
text: of water. Perceval covers his face.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Illusions. I will never find it
dialog: again... I am sorry, woman, that I
dialog: frightened you.
text: Peasants have emerged, surrounding him, and they hold axes
text: and pitchforks.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Good woman, do you have any food?
dialog: Some water?...
speaker_heading: PEASANT
dialog: The little we had, we gave to
dialog: Mordred's knights. He has taken this
dialog: land. Tell the King that now we must
dialog: look to Mordred.
speaker_heading: SECOND PEASANT
dialog: But we will give you some water...
text: At least ten peasants encircle Perceval and he is too
text: exhausted to put up a fight. They grab him and carry him
text: away. Other peasants pull his horse to the ground, and one
text: raises and ax to kill it.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM, BARREN LAND - EVENING
text: They throw Perceval down an escarpment and he rolls into the
text: fast-moving water. He is swept downstream and thrown
text: ferociously against the rocks in the stream bed, crying out
dialog: in pain.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER AND UNDERWATER - EVENING
text: The water is deeper and Perceval is dragged under by the
text: weight of his armor. He struggles desperately to shed it,
text: half drowning.
text: Exhausted, he pulls himself up onto the muddy shore beside a
text: rotting sheep carcass, and around him, the daylight dies.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - NIGHT
text: Ragged and bruised, lifeless, he stares into space.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: I have lost my horse, my armor, my
dialog: sword. I have lost my way. I have
dialog: lost my strength. I have lost
dialog: everything... I will not lose hope.
text: A light bursting through the trees shines on the mud,
text: wordless, harmonies sound somewhere in the forest. Perceval
text: sets off toward the source.
text: The burning light blasts into his face but he doesn't flinch.
text: The chorus builds in power. Before him, a drawbridge lowers.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GATE - NIGHT
text: He steps onto the bridge and walks in. He crosses the
text: courtyard as the drawbridge closes behind him. All details
text: of the castle are bleached out by the searing light.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GATE - NIGHT
text: He steps onto the bridge and walks in. He crosses the
text: courtyard as the drawbridge closes behind him. All details
text: of the castle are bleached out by the searing light.
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE, VARIOUS
text: Heading for the source of the light he ascends what seem to
text: be a staircase. He enters a hall where the chalice stands
text: suspended, burning with light, and the mysterious music swirls
dialog: and grows.
text: Perceval approaches the diaphanous and featureless Figure
text: who stands over the chalice.
speaker_heading: FIGURE
dialog: Who does it serve?
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: You, my lord.
speaker_heading: FIGURE
dialog: I have waited long for you. Once you
dialog: almost saw, but fear blinded you.
dialog: Why am I served from the chalice?
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Because you and the land are one.
speaker_heading: FIGURE
dialog: I am wasting away and I cannot die.
dialog: And I cannot live.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: You and the land are one. Drink from
dialog: the chalice. You will be reborn and
dialog: the land with you.
text: Perceval cups his hands around the chalice to lift it. But
text: they close on nothing, and he draws back. The Figure's hands,
text: although insubstantial, grasp Perceval's and appear to hold
text: his hands around the cup.
speaker_heading: FIGURE
dialog: But who am I?
text: Perceval begins to kneel.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: You are my lord and King. You are
dialog: Arthur.
text: The blinding light vanishes, the music drifts away.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ROUND TABLE - NIGHT
text: Perceval falls to his knees before Arthur and he holds the
text: chalice, now whole again, up to the King. It fills with blood
text: from within and Arthur takes it from Perceval. He drinks.
text: And having done so, he seems to become younger and to grow
dialog: in strength.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I didn't know how empty was my soul
dialog: until it was filled.
text: Sir Kay stands by the vast fireplace where a small fire burns,
text: and only now looks up and is aware of Perceval.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Perceval, you have returned!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Ready my knights for battle; they
dialog: will ride with their King once more.
dialog: I have lived through others far too
dialog: long! Lancelot carried my honor and
dialog: Guenevere my guilt. My knights have
dialog: fought my causes. Mordred carries my
dialog: sins. Now, at last, I will rule.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS AND FIELDS - NIGHT
text: Arthur at the head of a small force of knights, their armor
text: shining beneath the moon, gallops through the land. Where
text: hooves thunder, the ground becomes alive with sprouts and
text: tendrils, and bare trees start to bud, and grasses to blossom,
text: the power of Nature exploding into life.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENT - DAWN
text: An old nun approaches the doors, upon which someone is
text: pounding loudly. She opens the peephole. It is Arthur.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: Go away. No man is allowed beyond
dialog: these doors.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I am Arthur.
text: The old nun is amazed and starts pushing open the many bolts,
text: mumbling and agitated.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENT COURTYARD - DAWN
text: She leads the King, his footsteps ringing in the silent
text: cloister, past the doors to the cells. His armor is wet with
text: dew and it shines with a dull and deep luster. Nuns whisper
text: at his transit. She opens the door to a cell and Arthur steps
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. CELL - DAWN
text: Candles flicker on a small altar before which a nun is
text: praying. She turns to see who has entered. It is Guenevere,
text: older, thin with self-denial, all the more beautiful. She
text: looks up at the majestic figure who stands before her. She
text: nearly swoons. He helps her to her feet, and words rush from
text: deep within him.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Guenevere, accept my forgiveness,
dialog: and put your heart to rest. We have
dialog: suffered to long. I have always loved
dialog: you, and I still love you.
text: She weeps.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: I loved you much, as King, and
dialog: sometimes as husband, but one cannot
text: gaze too long at the sun in the sky.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Forgive me, my wife, if you can. I
dialog: was not born to live a man's life,
dialog: but to be the stuff of future memory.
dialog: The fellowship was a brief beginning,
dialog: a fair time that cannot be forgotten;
dialog: and because it will not be forgotten,
dialog: that fair time may come again. Now
dialog: once more I must ride with my knights
dialog: to defend what was, and the dream of
dialog: what could be.
speaker_heading: GUENEVERE
dialog: I have kept it.
text: She draws back the covers of her pallet, and there is
text: Excalibur. Arthur is overwhelmed by emotion; he can barely
dialog: speak
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I never dared to hope all these years
dialog: that it was in your keeping.
text: He kneels before her and kisses her thigh. She gazes off,
text: remembering the life of long ago. He rises and looks off
text: into her eyes, unable to find the words; he finally does.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I have often thought that in the
dialog: hereafter of our lives, when I owe
dialog: no more to the future and can be
dialog: just a man, that we may meet, and
dialog: you will come to me and claim me as
dialog: yours, and know that I am your
dialog: husband. It is a dream I have...
text: He takes Excalibur by the hilt and exits.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENT COURTYARD - DAWN
text: The nuns scatter before him in awe and terror. He strides
text: forward, Excalibur in hand. He stops and tests its balance,
text: and he draws force from it.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Guenevere...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Excalibur gleams in the sunlight. Arthur holds it high, at
text: the head of a small force of knights under the banner of the
text: Dragons. Kay and Perceval ride at his side. Plumed helmets,
text: shields blazing with armorial colors, pennants flying in the
text: clean wind from their lances; it is a brave sight. The trees
text: are in blossom and dandelion fluff billows up at their
dialog: passage.
scene_heading: EXT. PIT, MOORS - DAY
text: Arthur's group comes to a halt. Two knights and a few squires
text: galloping from the opposite direction rein in before the
text: King. The knights draw their swords in homage, and the older
text: one addresses Arthur.
speaker_heading: KNIGHT
dialog: It is only me and my son. All other
dialog: knights of the dukedom have rallied
dialog: to Mordred.
text: Arthur smiles hiding the hurt. He points to an open pit, a
text: huge devastation.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What horror is that?
speaker_heading: KNIGHT
dialog: Mordred, sir. He digs for precious
dialog: metals, with which he buys the loyalty
text: of men at arms, binding them to his
dialog: side.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOORS - ARTHUR'S WAR CAMP - LATE EVENING
text: It is a clear night and the sky blazes with stars. A crescent
text: moon casts its silvery light upon Arthur, who wanders from
dialog: his camp alone.
scene_heading: EXT. STONEHENGE, THE MOORS - LATE EVENING
text: He stops in the ancient circle of Druidic stones.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I am outnumbered ten to one by
dialog: Mordred's forces. Merlin, I need you
dialog: at my side as you were once, my
dialog: friend, to give me courage. There
dialog: are no war tricks that will fool
text: Mordred. He was weaned on blood.
text: He falls on his knees in front of the stone, tired, between
text: thinking and dreaming, and he bangs his mailed fist against
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: More than I ever did, I need you
dialog: now. Where are you, Merlin? Is it
dialog: true that Morgana has trapped you?
scene_heading: INT. CAVE BELOW CAMELOT
text: The veins of crystal glow darkly, and the hammering of
text: Arthur's fist upon the stone is dimly echoed here. In the
text: red crystal, fragments of Merlin can be glimpsed, trapped,
text: frozen.
scene_heading: EXT. STONEHENGE - LATE EVENING
text: Arthur slips off into sleep. The stones around him distort.
text: He speaks softly, but then though the words continue, his
text: lips are closed.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: ...If only you could be at my side,
dialog: Merlin, to see me wield Excalibur
dialog: once more...
scene_heading: INT. CAVE BELOW CAMELOT
text: The crystal is cracking, shards falling to the cave floor.
scene_heading: EXT. STONEHENGE - NIGHT
text: Arthur is still on his knees, and he sits back, looking up.
text: But the atmosphere is different, within a dream, and the
text: stones of the henge loom larger over him now.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What is this place? It is rumored
dialog: Merlin, that you drew your power
dialog: from these circles...
text: A hand ruffles the King's hair. He turns, and is face to
text: face with Merlin, standing over him. Arthur looks at him
text: without surprise, as though the intervening years never were.
text: Merlin begins to laugh his hideous giggle. Arthur rises.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Quiet. You'll wake the men, and they
dialog: must fight tomorrow for their very
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I know. I have heard noises and echoes
dialog: through the stones...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What is this place, Merlin?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: It is like a tree. The roots of the
text: stones spread out across the land
dialog: and they draw on the thoughts and
dialog: actions of men. Like sap those human
text: matters course through the stones
text: feeding the stars that are the leaves
dialog: of the tree. And the stars whisper
dialog: back to men the future course of
dialog: events.
dialog: (becoming passionate)
text: But the earth is being torn apart,
dialog: its metals stolen, and the balance
text: is broken and the lines of power no
dialog: longer converge. In fact, I nearly
dialog: didn't make it in one piece.
text: He limps affectedly and stretches with exaggerated pain.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: But, I'm here.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Where have you been these many years?
dialog: Is it true that Morgana--
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: --Stories... You brought me back.
dialog: Your love brought me back. Back to
dialog: where you are now, in the land of
dialog: dreams...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Is this a dream? Tell me, Merlin!
text: Merlin smiles, turns and leaves, heading for Arthur's camp,
text: giggling. Arthur starts off after him and awakens from the
text: dream when he walks into one of the stones. It takes him a
text: moment to realize that Merlin has vanished.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Merlin?!
text: He hurries away toward the camp.
scene_heading: INT. KAY'S TENT, ARTHUR'S WAR CAMP - NIGHT
text: Arthur shakes Kay awake, and as the faithful knight comes
text: out of a deep sleep, he clutches Arthur's arm.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Merlin, will I live...?
text: (he shakes away the
dialog: dream)
dialog: ...I was dreaming...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Of Merlin?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Yes. He spoke to me. He said I would
dialog: fight bravely tomorrow. I have never
dialog: dreamed of Merlin before.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I dreamed of him too... Merlin lives!
dialog: He lives in our dreams now, in that
text: dark and shadowy place that is as
dialog: strong and real as this more solid
text: one. He speaks to us from there.
scene_heading: EXT. MORDRED'S WAR CAMP - NIGHT
text: Cape flowing, Merlin sweeps between Mordred's war tents, and
text: in the logic of dreams, unseen by the guards. He passes a
text: tent where the huge shadow of Mordred is thrown on the canvas,
text: as he sharpens the blade of a fearsome spear.
text: He enters a tent.
scene_heading: INT. MORGANA'S TENT - NIGHT
text: She is stunningly beautiful in her sleep. Merlin leans over
text: her lovely body, kisses her softly on the lips, and waits
dialog: for her to awaken.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I have returned, enchantress. You
dialog: are beautiful, magnificent. Have you
dialog: used up all the magic you stole from
dialog: me to keep yourself young? Have you
dialog: any magic left to do battle with
dialog: Merlin?
scene_heading: INT. TENT - MORGANA'S DREAM
text: She rises from her sleeping body.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: You provoke me, Merlin.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: What's behind that beauty? A wizened,
text: cold-hearted snake.
text: Merlin steps back, grandiose and melodramatic.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You are a snake about to strike!
text: He raises his staff.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: And I am the staff that drives the
dialog: snake back.
text: He lowers the staff with dreamlike slowness and she slinks
text: right up to him.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: Burning with the fire of desire, I
dialog: am the flames that consume the staff
dialog: to ashes.
text: She winds her fluttering hands around the staff, and the
text: shadows they cast upon the tent give the illusion of licking
text: flames.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I am the cloudburst that quenches
text: the flames.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: I am the desert, where water
dialog: disappears--
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: --I am the sea, which covers the
text: desert forever under its weight.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: --I am the fog and mists that rise
text: up from the sea, escaping...
text: She laughs at her cleverness.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Fog and mist! You couldn't be that.
dialog: You don't have enough magic.
scene_heading: INT. MORGANA'S TENT - NIGHT
text: Morgana tosses and mutters in her tormented dream.
speaker_heading: MORGANA
dialog: ...I have the desire and I have the
dialog: magic...
scene_heading: INT. TENT - MORGANA'S DREAM
text: Merlin, huge, magnetic, enfolds Morgana in his cape.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You are mine at last. I am the sea
dialog: and you will never escape me. Fog
dialog: and Mist...!?
text: And he laughs at her, suffocating her. Morgana begins chanting
dialog: the charm of Making, desperate--
scene_heading: INT. MORGANA'S TENT - NIGHT
text: --and she finishes uttering it in her sleep. Her eyes spring
text: open, and vapors issue from her gaping mouth. She screams
text: and the fog gushes out filling the tent.
scene_heading: EXT. MORGANA'S TENT, MORDRED'S WAR CAMP - NIGHT
text: Fog billows out of the tent, spreading through the camp.
scene_heading: INT. MORGANA'S TENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: A fog is rising, sir.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: That cannot be.
text: He rises and goes out with the lieutenant.
scene_heading: EXT. MORDRED'S WAR CAMP - NIGHT
text: It is fogbound, the campfires yellow smudges within it.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: (to the lieutenant)
dialog: My mother has a sense for such things.
dialog: She said there would be no fog.
text: Mordred enters his mother's tent.
scene_heading: INT. MORGANA'S TENT - NIGHT
text: Mordred enters.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: ...Mother?
text: Morgana, withered, old, lies dead in the bed, wisps of smoke
text: rising from within her ruptured body.
scene_heading: EXT. MOORS BY THE SEA - FOG - DAWN
text: Arthur, with Kay and Perceval, canters through the white
text: fog. They are flanked by a phalanx of knights in silver armor.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Kay, you will lead the attack.
dialog: Perceval, you will stay with me.
text: Kay draws his sword in salute, elated.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Be cautious, my brother.
text: He spurs forward, while Arthur reins to a halt, watching him
text: disappear. Perceval and a few knights stay behind and surround
dialog: the King.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: In this battle there is one thing I
dialog: must do, that no one else can. Find
text: Mordred and kill him.
text: Ahead, the horrible din of joined battle.
text: In the swirling fog, clash of arms follows clash of arms.
text: There is confusion, for each knight is unable to see if he
text: is fighting friend or foe until they are upon each other.
text: The battle becomes a series of vicious duels, a knight in
text: silver armor against a knight in black-burnished armor, just
text: glimpsed in the fog that is alive with the clang of sword on
text: shield, the pounding of hooves, the cries of the dying.
text: Squires drag away their wounded knights, their young faces
text: pale at the sight of the carnage.
text: Kay is unhorsed but picks himself up and mounts a riderless
text: horse, rejoining the combat although he is bleeding.
scene_heading: EXT. MOORS BY THE SEA - FOG - DAY
text: It is full day, and the fog blinds with its painful glare.
text: Arthur with Perceval at his side rides through the fog,
text: searching. Perceval takes up a challenge against the King.
text: He unhorses this opponent, piercing him with his lance. He
text: returns to the King's side.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
text: There are too many on Mordred's side.
dialog: We cannot hold out much longer.
text: Kay is glimpsed fighting on foot, hurt, barely holding his
text: own, but then the sight is hidden in the fog.
text: Kay overcomes his opponent and stops to catch his breath. He
text: is amazed by what he sees. A knight, in old, battle-scarred
text: armor whose pieces don't match, cuts down the knights in
text: black in foray after foray, wheeling and turning in a
text: brilliant and ruthless spectacle of martial arts. He fights
text: without a shield, a lance in his left hand and sword in his
dialog: right.
text: Kay moves away in search of Arthur.
text: Arthur and Perceval watch the lone knight meting out death
text: with such terrible beauty, weaving in and out of the fog.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: He can be no other.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Lancelot?... It is Lancelot!
text: He spurs his horse forward to join him, but Perceval is quick
dialog: to stop him.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: No, my lord. We seek Mordred.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I will join him.
text: Kay rises onto a fresh horse and gallops away.
scene_heading: EXT. MOORS BY THE SEA - FOG - LATE DAY
text: Arthur and Perceval ride alone, the accompanying knights
text: gone, the dying and the dead and the crazed horses all around
dialog: them.
text: Squires are carrying Kay upon his shield. He is dead. Arthur
text: leaps to the ground and reaches out to touch his face, and
text: closes his eyes. He stifles his tears.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Has anyone seen Lancelot?
speaker_heading: SQUIRE
dialog: He lies over there, sir.
text: Arthur rushes off, Perceval following on horseback.
text: Lancelot is mortally wounded, blood flowing from his abdomen,
text: his eyes open but his gaze dead. Arthur falls to his side.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Squire! Here!
text: But there is no one now except the dead and wounded, and
text: Perceval, who dismounts to watch over the King, sword drawn.
text: Desperate, Arthur stops the wound with his hand. Lancelot's
text: eyes are sightless, but tears spill from them.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: Arthur.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Lancelot, I will save you... Don't
dialog: die.
text: He tears off a piece of his tunic and staunches the wound
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: My salvation is to die a Knight of
dialog: the Round Table.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You are that and much more. You are
dialog: its greatest knight, you are what is
dialog: best in men. Now we will be together--
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: --It is the old wound, that has been
dialog: opened. I have always known it would
dialog: be the gateway to my death, for it
dialog: has never healed. Let my heart do
dialog: its job, my King, and pump me empty...
text: Arthur takes Lancelot in his arms and rests his lips against
text: the knight's brow.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: (a death whisper)
dialog: Guenevere, has she come to you, is
dialog: she Queen again?
text: He lies, closing his eyes, unable to look at Lancelot.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: She is, Lancelot.
text: A boyish smile settles over the features of Lancelot's face,
text: and he dies. Arthur holds him to his breast, his eyes shut
dialog: tight.
text: A strong wind rises. Perceval kneels beside Arthur.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: The fog is lifting. Only we remain
dialog: alive.
scene_heading: EXT. MOORS BY THE SEA - EVENING
text: Arthur and Perceval rise, and as far as they can see across
text: the green hills that roll down to the sea lies the aftermath
text: of the massacre. Hacked bodies, abandoned armor, steaming
text: horse carcasses, everything still. The murmur of the dying
text: is carried on the wind to the soft roar of the sea. The
text: squires have fled the scene of horror.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: But for Mordred. Where is Mordred?
text: Elsewhere on the battlefield, Mordred searches the dead,
text: accompanied only by his lieutenant, who turns over the bodies
dialog: of Arthur's knights.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: Where is Arthur?
text: One of Arthur's knights reaches out blindly for help. Mordred
text: crushes his skull underfoot. The shaft of his huge lance is
text: caked with blood, as are his hands.
text: Arthur and Perceval see Mordred and his lieutenant, and the
text: King restrains Perceval from going forward.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No, Perceval. Now it is time for me
dialog: to raise my sword.
dialog: (he bellows out)
dialog: Mordred, prepare to meet your death.
text: Shield on his left arm, and Excalibur in his right, he starts
text: toward Mordred.
speaker_heading: MORDRED
dialog: I wait for you, Father.
text: Mordred advances forward, the huge spear in both hands and
text: parallel to the ground.
text: Arthur goes straight for him, shield ready to receive the
text: blow. Mordred keeps walking, his arms now tensed back and
text: ready to strike.
text: Once they are within weapon's reach of each other, Mordred
text: dashes forward and thrusts the spear. It glances off Arthur's
text: shield, slides under his hauberk and penetrates the King's
text: body, and so powerful was the blow that the blade pierces
text: him right through.
text: Mortally wounded, Arthur's scream of pain becomes a horrible
text: war cry, and he drives himself forward with all the strength
text: he has along the spear shaft almost to Mordred's hands.
text: Mordred is knocked back and to the ground and Arthur presses
text: down on him, the butt of the spear pinning Mordred. Arthur
text: lifts Excalibur. Mordred attempts to free himself, as the
text: blade of Excalibur descends upon him and cuts through metal,
text: flesh and bone.
text: Mordred's head falls to the ground, rolling away.
text: Mordred's lieutenant flees. Perceval races to Arthur's side,
text: and supports the King who has fallen on his knees. Arthur
text: speaks through the pain:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Draw the spear from me. Do it.
text: Perceval holds the King tight to himself with one arm, while
text: with the other he draws the shaft through and out of Arthur's
text: body. Arthur sags but doesn't fall. Perceval begins to remove
text: his armor to get at the gaping wounds. The King speaks slowly,
text: softly, from outside his own pain-wracked body.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: There is one thing left to do...
dialog: Excalibur... And you must do it,
dialog: Perceval. Leave my wounds, I command
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: I cannot--
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: --Take Excalibur. Find a pool of
text: calm water and throw the sword into
dialog: it.
text: Perceval, stunned by the command, doesn't move.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Obey me, Perceval. You must act for
dialog: me. It is my last order as your King.
dialog: Do it, and be back!
text: Perceval picks up the sword, mounts his horse and rides
text: inland. Arthur watches him go, struggling with the pain,
text: still kneeling, and then his head falls to his chest.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL, MOORS - EVENING
text: Perceval steps through tall reeds to the edge of a pool. He
text: cannot bring himself to throw Excalibur into the water. He
text: examines the blade, and it is haloed with a faint iridescence.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: It is too precious a thing. I can't...
text: He backs away from the water and hides the sword in the reeds,
text: and starts back.
scene_heading: EXT. MOORS BY THE SEA - EVENING
text: Perceval dismounts, rushing to kneel at the King's side.
text: Arthur looks up, calm and intense.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: When you threw it in, what did you
dialog: see?
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: ...I saw nothing.
text: The King looks at him with piercing power. Perceval blurts
dialog: it out.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: My King, I couldn't do it. Excalibur
dialog: cannot be lost. Other men--
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: --By itself it is only a piece of
dialog: steel. Its power comes from he who
text: wields it. For now there is no one.
dialog: Do as I have ordered!
text: Perceval leaves once more. The daylight is failing, the sun
text: is near the horizon over the sea, bursting through clouds.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - EVENING
text: He picks up the sword and looks at it for a long time.
text: Finally, with great misgiving, he hurls it into the middle
text: of the pool. As Excalibur is about to touch the water a
text: woman's hand reaches and grasps it by the hilt. It holds the
text: sword aloft for a moment and then draws it under.
text: Perceval backs away from the pool stunned by the marvel.
scene_heading: EXT. MOORS BY THE SEA - SUNSET
text: Perceval returns to the King, terribly excited, shouting
dialog: from his horse:
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Arthur!
text: But Arthur isn't there. Perceval looks around him, he doesn't
text: understand. He sees a trail of blood. He spurs his horse and
text: follows the trail down to the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SUNSET THEN NIGHT
text: There is a trail of blood and prints upon the sand left by a
text: man crawling.
text: Perceval follows them toward the sea. He looks around,
text: searching, terribly distraught.
text: Where the blood and prints cease, there are many footprints
text: coming from and returning into the sea. Perceval looks out
text: across the waves.
text: He sees a sailing vessel rising on the swell. On its deck he
text: can make out the distant figure of Arthur, lying surrounded
text: by women, their gossamer robes rippling in the wind. The sun
text: hovers on the horizon and the ship is heading for it.
text: He gallops into the waves until his horse will go no further,
text: calling out with all his strength, a futile attempt:
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Arthur! Will you return?
text: The sun slips below the horizon. Night is falling, and the
text: wind whips the wavecrests. He turns from the sea and wades
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: All the knights of the Round Table
text: are dead. Excalibur is returned.
dialog: Arthur is gone. Maybe he lives, maybe
dialog: he will return...
text: He stops at the edge of the water. In the uncertain light
text: sky and sea become one. He draws the chalice out of a pouch
text: on his saddle, and he holds it up before him.
speaker_heading: PERCEVAL
dialog: Only I remain, and this...
text: The wind swirls and whistles mysteriously in the hollow of
text: the cup. Music grand and melancholic grows from it. The
text: chalice, etched in starlight, is the last thing that is taken
text: from sight in the enfolding darkness.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
