speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE DECISION
dialog: Written by
scene_heading: JIM THOMAS & JOHN THOMAS
dialog: April 1991 Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
dialog: thru
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE DECISION
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: TITLE SEQUENCE.
text: OVER BLACK. On the main title "EXECUTIVE DECISION," we
text: FLARE OUT TO WHITE and INTO a blazing sun, situated in
text: the intense blue sky of the Mediterranean.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 1
dialog: thru
dialog: 13
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL COURTYARD (NICOSIA, CYPRUS) - LATE AFTERNOON 14
text: FROM the sun we SLOWLY TILT DOWN INTO the courtyard, the
text: MOVE ENDING as an explosion of white doves, fluttering
text: into the air, revealing a Muslim wedding party, the
text: guests gathered around the bride and groom, both early
text: 20s. The attendants are all well-dressed, affluent
text: Arabs, most in western attire.
scene_heading: SUBTITLES: NICOSIA, CYPRUS
text: Cautiously, the bride looks up, toward a balcony... Where
text: four men, strategically positioned, watch the proceedings
text: below. The men, all Arabs in casual western attire, are
text: focused not on the wedding party but the balconies and
text: windows around them. Deep in the shadows, a fifth man,
text: wearing dark glasses, is barely visible.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - LATE AFTERNOON 15
text: The fifth man emerges, removing his dark glasses: the
text: terrorist ABD SA'UD JAFFA, a name synonymous with death.
text: of medium height, late 50s, he imparts an instant, chill-
text: ing presence: skin soft and paunchy, dark circles of
text: flesh beneath his eyes -- heartless, cold as ice, be-
text: speaking evil and treachery. As we study his face the
scene_heading: following SUBTITLES APPEAR:
dialog: Abd Sa'ud Jaffa, once the most
dialog: notorious and feared terrorist in
text: the world, now a desperate, hunted
dialog: man, his sanctuaries nearly
text: exhausted, betrayed by even his own
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 15
text: Beside him is his chief of staff, ALI NAGI HASSAN, early
text: 30s, a complex, highly-intelligent man, responsible for
text: Jaffa's security and middle man to outside organizations.
dialog: A man of considerable power but exercised only on behalf
text: and at the behest of Jaffa -- an man who never dictates
text: policy, only carrying it out. At the moment, he is
text: extremely anxious at this careless exposure of a man
dialog: carrying death warrants even from his own people. Ali
text: glances at his watch.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Jaffa, we must go. We have stayed
dialog: too long. There are many on this
dialog: island who would betray you.
text: Jaffa turns, holding up his hand in a gesture of
text: restraint. He focuses on his beautiful daughter below,
text: radiant in this moment. He motions to her, indicating an
text: adjoining courtyard below. She excuses herself from the
text: party, Jaffa turning to descend a staircase. Ali is
text: upset by this recklessness but dogged in his determina-
text: tion to maintain security. He turns to one of the
dialog: guards.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Check the street, then bring up
dialog: the cars.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - DAY 16
text: Elegant, a stone fountain as the centerpiece. Jaffa ex-
text: tends his hands to his daughter who complies, obediently,
dialog: she too in awe of this powerful, dangerous man, a man she
text: has rarely seen. Jaffa embraces her and then presses
text: something into her hand, a small gilded box. He speaks
text: softly to her.
text: Suddenly Ali is there. He nods differentially to the
text: daughter and then whispers anxiously to Jaffa.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: (subtitles)
text: The plane cannot wait any longer.
dialog: We must go, please.
text: Jaffa bids a final farewell to his daughter and then
text: turns, nodding quickly to Ali.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: We go.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: 16A
speaker_heading: 16B
speaker_heading: 16C
speaker_heading: 16D
speaker_heading: 16E
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
text: He replaces his glasses and ascends the stairs, Ali
text: quickly following, signalling to one of the guards at the
text: top of the stairs. Ali keys a tiny hand radio.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Go.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - HALLWAY OF UPPER FLOOR - LATE AFTERNOON 16A
text: Jaffa, Ali and a bodyguard enter. Emerging from a room
text: are three men, one of whom is dressed identically to
text: Jaffa, his body type and face, very similar to Jaffa.
text: The double makes momentary eye contact with Jaffa and
text: Ali. Jaffa nods his approval. The man puts on dark
text: glasses and the decoy team heads rapidly down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. NICOSIA HOTEL - LOBBY - LATE AFTERNOON 16B
text: The decoy team descends the stairs, moving through the
text: lobby, few of the patrons or employees paying attention
dialog: to their presence.
scene_heading: EXT. NICOSIA HOTEL - LATE AFTERNOON 16C
text: Small but elegant. The decoy team leaves the hotel,
text: entering a waiting Mercedes sedan. The car pulls
text: smoothly away from the curb.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES SEDAN - LATE AFTERNOON 16D
text: One of the bodyguards looks out the rear window, the
text: hotel receding in the b.g. He keys his hand radio.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: We're clear.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - UPPER FLOOR - LATE AFTERNOON 16E
text: Ali lowers his RADIO, nodding to Jaffa who quickly
text: removes his necktie and replaces his business suit coat
text: with a sports jacket, a man always in hiding.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: I must phone the airfield. I will
dialog: be in the other car. Go with God.
text: Jaffa briefly touches Ali on the shoulder, a quick nod
text: from Ali and Jaffa leaves, escorted by three bodyguards.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
scene_heading: EXT. NICOSIA HOTEL - LATE AFTERNOON 17
text: Now parked in the curved driveway is a Fiat sedan, a
text: driver behind the wheel.
text: Another car is parked in front of the Fiat, its driver
text: unloading baggage for an Orthodox Greek priest who stands
text: waiting on the sidewalk, eyes half-closed, feeling the
text: heat of the sun on his upturned face.
text: From the hotel lobby, two of Jaffa's guards emerge, one
text: standing lookout, the other walking quickly to the Fiat.
text: Looking cautiously about he leans into the driver, giving
text: instructions. The driver starts the car but before he
text: can back up, a taxi whips in behind, trapping it between
text: the two cars.
text: Three men, obviously drunk, stumble from the cab and
text: head for the lobby, arm-in-arm, talking loudly in German.
text: The terrorist beside the Fiat moves towards the cab,
text: shouting at the driver to back up. The taxi driver
text: emerges, shouting back at the terrorist. They meet at
text: the rear of the car, arguing. Suddenly the taxi driver
text: reaches to his back, whipping free a silenced .22 Beretta
text: automatic. In a flash, the gun is under the chin of the
text: bodyguard, a soft THUMP as the GUN is FIRED.
text: The driver lays the dead bodyguard in the street, swing-
text: ing out and around the car, leveling, FIRING TWICE, the
text: driver in the Fiat slumping down in the seat.
text: At the same moment, the three drunken men reach the lobby
text: doors, one of them pulling a silenced pistol, pressing it
text: into the lookout's stomach, FIRING. As he sits the dead
text: man into the base of a potted tree, the other two push
text: through the doors.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY 18
text: As Jaffa and the remaining guard descend the stairs, a
text: BUSINESSMAN, seated at a couch folds a paper and picking
text: up a briefcase, follows in behind them.
text: The two boisterous drunks spill through the doors but as
text: they approach Jaffa and his bodyguard, pull their pistols
text: as the Businessman moves in from behind, shoving a pistol
text: into the bodyguard's back, a quick spin, another soft
text: THUMP and the bodyguard drops to the floor.
text: As the stunned patrons and employees look on, Jaffa is
text: moved quickly toward the doors, the Businessman speaking
text: into a lapel mike on his suit.
speaker_heading: AGENT (BUSINESSMAN)
dialog: (in English)
dialog: We have number one. Move.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 18
text: The three men push Jaffa out the door and down the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - DAY 19
text: A late-model MERCEDES SQUEALS INTO VIEW, the back door
text: flying open as more agents leap out. Jaffa is shoved
text: into the back seat.
text: Just then, Jaffa's backup car pulls around the corner and
text: into the driveway. The three terrorists inside realize
text: what is happening, the doors fling open, their weapons
dialog: drawn.
text: At this moment, the Greek priest, who has been backing
text: away in mock horror at the kidnapping, clears a MACH TEN
text: MACHINE GUN from his robes, his driver pulling a similar
text: weapon from the trunk. The two OPEN FIRE, the terrorists
text: in the backup car disappearing in a hail of EXPLODING
text: GLASS and ruptured metal. The priest and driver jump
text: into their car, pulling out.
text: As the MERCEDES PEELS OUT behind the priest's car, the
text: businessman leaps into the taxi, hiking out the window
text: and over the roof, FIRING several rounds into the tires
text: and radiator of the Fiat with a SILENCED PISTOL. A second
text: later, one of the priest's suitcases on the sidewalk
text: EXPLODES, a dense cloud of C.S. gas enveloping the area,
dialog: providing cover.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - UPPER BALCONY - DAY 20
text: Ali Hassan, hearing the faint but distinctive SILENCED
text: SHOTS, rushes from the room, a machine pistol in his
text: hand. Seeing the abduction below he leaps from the
text: balcony onto the roof, running across the tiles towards
dialog: the street.
text: He sights in on the Businessman, hiked out over the cab,
text: but stops short, seeing the silhouette of Jaffa, framed
text: in the back seat, too dangerous a shot for a machine gun.
text: Unwilling to risk hitting him, Ali throws out his arms,
text: screaming a cry of defiance and revenge, his eyes wild
text: with anger and hatred.
text: As the car whips its way through the narrow streets, we
text: hear the following VOICE OVER as we view the series of
dialog: news reports of terrorist activities including the bomb-
text: ing of a disco; aircraft wreckage; bombing of a military
dialog: hospital, etc:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: 20A
speaker_heading: 20B
speaker_heading: 20C
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: BBC REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: ... In a bizarre development, the
dialog: terrorist Abd Sa'ud Jaffa was
dialog: abducted in Nicosia, Cyprus late
dialog: yesterday afternoon by a group of
text: unidentified mercenaries. Jaffa
dialog: was apparently delivered by his
text: abductors to the commander of an
dialog: American warship, at sea in the
dialog: Mediterranean.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE - BBC REPORTER 20A
text: standing outside a chain link fence, a military base in
dialog: the b.g.
speaker_heading: TELEPHOTO
speaker_heading: BBC REPORTER
dialog: Jaffa was then flown here, to
dialog: Lakenheath Air Force Base, 75
dialog: miles northeast of London,
text: arriving only moments ago.
speaker_heading: LIVE VIDEO 20B
text: of Jaffa being taken from a helicopter and placed inside
dialog: a waiting
dialog: van.
speaker_heading: BBC REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Both the U.S. and U.K. have
dialog: claimed no involvement in the
dialog: abduction, the mercenaries
text: apparently motivated by a reward
dialog: of two million pounds offered for
dialog: information leading to Jaffa's
dialog: arrest.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE - REPORTER 20C
speaker_heading: END TITLE
speaker_heading: BBC REPORTER
dialog: Cyprus, claiming a violation of
dialog: its territorial sovereignty, has
dialog: lodged an emergency protest with
text: the U.N. Security Council, halting
dialog: the extradition. Until this
dialog: complicated issue is resolved, Abd
dialog: Sa'ud Jaffa, apparently will
dialog: remain in U.S. custody at
dialog: Lakenheath...
dialog: SEQUENCE and...
scene_heading: LONG DISSOLVE INTO:
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT RUNWAY - DAY 21
text: A shimmering collage of heat-waves and OUT-OF-FOCUS
dialog: images.
scene_heading: SUBTITLES: ATHENS, GREECE -- 1 MONTH LATER.
text: Appearing mid-point in this silent, shimmering field,
text: a black dot slowly expands into an amorphous sphere, two
text: unattached, horizontal bands appearing on either side,
text: growing towards the center. Suspended in mid-air,
text: slowly drifting forward, the gigantic object resolves,
text: revealing a Boeing 747, the monarch of the air, descend-
text: ing directly towards us.
text: As if defying gravity, the mammoth airship seems sus-
text: pended as it settles towards the earth. The runway ap-
text: pears, the 747 FILLING the SCREEN as it passes silently
text: overhead... shattering the silence as three-quarters of
text: a million pounds of modern-age miracle return to earth:
text: an ear-splitting SCREAM and erupting smoke as tires
text: smash into the tarmac, followed by the THUDDING GROAN
text: of the suspension as it absorbs the awesome weight of
text: the plane. The 230 feet of hurtling mass ROARS down the
text: tarmac towards the terminal buildings in the b.g.
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER TERMINAL - DAY 22
text: Where a variety of international travelers pass through
text: the security and X-ray control area, several traveling in
dialog: groups, their tour leaders dealing with last minute
dialog: problems and questions.
text: Among the passengers is a man, late 40s, European,
text: carrying a small, laptop computer which is being checked
text: by X-ray and a bomb analyzer, a device searching for the
text: scent of plastic explosives. Collecting his computer
text: from the inspection, he lights up a cigarette, looking
text: nervously about him as he does.
text: Behind him, a dark-complected MAN, late 20s, handsome,
text: Mediterranean, dressed in sporty, but expensive outdoor
text: clothing, is insisting that his two heavily-ladened
text: camera bags be hand inspected by the agent.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE SORTING AREA - DAY 23
text: As baggage from the terminal is carried along conveyor
text: belts and loaded into aluminum baggage containers,
text: security men and dogs move against the flow, the dogs
text: eagerly sniffing for the tell-tale scent of drugs or
dialog: explosives.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
scene_heading: INT. 747 CARGO COMPARTMENT - DAY 24
text: The food carts are rolled down floor tracks and into the
text: two lower galleys where the meals will be prepared. As
text: panels are lowered, isolating the galley from the rest
text: of the hold, the baggage containers are rolled and locked
dialog: into place.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 LOADING AREA - DAY 25
text: The massive fuel lines, pumping thousands of pounds of
text: kerosene into the airframe are pulled aside as mechanics
text: perform last minute checks on tires, landing gear and
text: engines, using ladders and lifts to gain access to the
text: belly and wings, ten feet above the ground.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CABIN AREA - DAY 26
text: Where twelve flight attendants are being briefed by the
text: CHIEF STEW reading to them from a computer manifest.
text: Among the attendants is FRAN, 32. Aside from being physi-
text: cally striking, she possesses an easy, relaxed manner and
text: confident bearing.
speaker_heading: CHIEF STEW
dialog: Our Captain today is Brad Stewart,
dialog: based in New York. We've got a full
dialog: load, 406 passengers. Alsoa
dialog: Federal air marshal, in 13-B and
dialog: he's carrying. Otherwise you know
dialog: your assignments so let's get ready
dialog: for pre-check.
text: The attendants move to their stations to prepare for the
text: long flight. GO WITH Fran and another attendant, JUDY,
text: 28, black. By their smiles and animated conversation, we
dialog: understand they are close friends.
text: In a moment, the first of the 406 passengers begin filing
text: on board, looking for their seats, stowing their luggage,
text: assisted by the attendants.
text: The PHOTOJOURNALIST is having some difficulty placing
text: his two camera bags into the overhead. Fran appears.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Sir, I can check those for you.
text: He turns, somewhat startled and then smiles. He is a
text: very handsome, exotic-looking man and the effect on Fran
text: is not unnoticed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 26
speaker_heading: PHOTOJOURNALIST (MAN)
dialog: No, I'd feel more comfortable with
dialog: them here. They're quite valuable,
dialog: you see...
text: Fran smiles, moving to help place them in the overhead.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Let me see what I can do.
text: With a little expert arranging, she slides the bags into
dialog: the compartment.
scene_heading: PHOTOJOURNALIST
dialog: Thank you...
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Fran. Have a nice flight.
text: She walks away towards the forward compartment.
text: An American family, husband and wife and two children,
text: boy and girl, take their seats. The children are seated
text: separately at window seats, tended to by their mother,
text: storing toys into the upper compartment, the kids, DAVID
text: and KAREN, playing with their latest Nintendo game.
text: A priest and two Greek orphans, boys, seven and eight,
text: take their seats in the center section, directly across
text: from the two American children. The children study each
text: other closely, the orphans dressed in shorts and knee
text: socks, the Americans in Reeboks, baggy pants and
text: T-shirts. The little girl seems totally mesmerized by
text: the two. She smiles warmly at them.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SECTION GALLEY AREA - DAY 27
text: Judy is putting on an apron. Fran appears, continuing
text: her conversation as she checks the area for supplies.
text: Fran nudges her playfully.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: So, how does it feel, now that
dialog: it's really happening?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Can't get out of it now. He's
dialog: already paid for the hotel, the
dialog: church, and...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 27
speaker_heading: JUDY (CONT'D)
dialog: (holds up diamond
dialog: ring)
dialog: ... the ring. But the big question
dialog: is, have you filed for that leave
dialog: of absence?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Not yet. Still got the car to pay
dialog: off, helping my brother out, the
dialog: usual... I'll get around to it.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Fran, you take care of everybody,
dialog: except yourself. When we get to
dialog: New York, you and me are havin' a
dialog: girl to girl. You've helped me
dialog: out of more shit than I can name.
dialog: Now it's pay back.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Okay, we'll talk.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: You bet your sweet ass we will.
dialog: (opens elevator)
text: Meanwhile, back to the 'pit.'
text: Judy laughs, enters the elevator and descends from sight.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SECTION CABIN AREA - DAY 28
text: The man seen earlier with the computer, boards and takes
text: his seat. Moments later, a heavy-set WOMAN finds her
text: seat alongside him.
text: As she attempts to stow some of her luggage in the over-
text: head, several souvenirs slide from a bag, hitting the
text: small computer, resting on the man's lap. Startled, he
text: grabs the computer, looking up angrily at the Woman. He
text: then stows the machine beneath his seat.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: Well I'm sorry. I didn't do it on
dialog: purpose.
text: The man ignores her, the woman, still mumbling, settles
text: uncomfortably into her seat, making sure to avoid any
text: further contact with him.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 TAXI AND TAKE-OFF SEQUENCE - DAY 29
text: The massive aircraft taxis into position and holds. We
text: hear the RADIO CHATTER between the cockpit and the con-
text: trol tower as final run-up tests are performed.
dialog: When the final clearance has been given, the ENGINES are
text: pushed to near red-line, the exhaust obscuring the run-
text: way in a shimmering wall of heat. Within two miles, the
text: plane is nearing 150 mph and beginning to lift as
text: millions of pounds of air are sucked into the SCREAMING
text: ENGINES. A moment later the plane clears the runway,
text: pulling magnificently into the sky.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 30
text: As the plane banks, turning into its outward course, we
dialog: hear the final course assignments and weather conditions
text: from the TOWER. A sense of calm settles over the cockpit,
text: the crew adjusting for the long flight.
scene_heading: INT. 747 FORWARD CABIN AREA - DAY 31
text: The "fasten seatbelt" sign winks off, the attendants and
text: passengers settling into their in-flight routines. Mo-
text: ments later a man leaves his seat and we follow his legs
text: as he walks down the aisle, stopping at a seat, the
text: Photojournalist casually looking up before returning to
text: his magazine. The man, wearing horn-rimmed glasses, hair
text: and mustache salt and pepper gray, skin slightly clay-
text: like, looks like a conservative businessman or professor.
text: He opens the overhead, removing one of the camera bags.
text: The man moves on, towards the mid-cabin bathrooms.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY 32
text: The grey-haired man stares into the mirror before remov-
text: ing his glasses, pulling free his wig, revealing black,
text: slicked-back hair. Using a towel he wipes the makeup
text: from his face, looking back at himself in the mirror:
dialog: Ali Hassan.
text: He removes from the camera bag two 6x7 reflex cameras.
text: Turning them over, he tears away the bases, an expertly
text: molded and painted section of plaster, revealing the
text: slides of two automatic pistols. He then removes two
text: camera pistol grips, pulling each away from its unit,
text: exposing firing pin and hammer mechanisms. He unscrews a
text: 500mm mirror lens. Behind a dummy photo of the iris, are
text: secreted bullets in a long roll of lead foil. He contin-
dialog: ues to assemble the weapons...
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD CABIN AREA - DAY 33
text: Ali leaves the bathroom. He passes another Arab in the
text: aisle, handing him one of the weapons, secreted in a
text: magazine. This man walks to the front of the plane and
text: ascends the staircase.
text: At the same time, a third Arab leaves his seat, walking
text: to the forward galley area. He waits until the atten-
text: dant leaves her station and then slips into the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER FORWARD GALLEY AREA - DAY 34
text: The door to the elevator bursts open as the third terror-
text: ist storms into the galley, slamming Judy across the
text: chest, knocking her unconscious against the bulkhead,
text: her head striking the counter with a sickening THUD as
text: she falls.
text: The terrorist begins tearing into the food carts scat-
text: tering several of the trays to the floor. A moment later
text: he finds what he is looking for, several automatic
text: weapons and two grenades, hidden among the rows of food
text: trays.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER DECK - BUSINESS CLASS - COCKPIT AREA - DAY 35
text: The Terrorist approaches the cockpit door, an ATTENDANT,
text: working in business class seeing him.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Sir, the bathroom is to the right.
text: He nods. As she turns back to her work, the Terrorist
text: pulls from his pocket a small wedge of plastic explo-
text: sive with a fuse attached. Pressing the plastic into
text: the seam by the door latch and pulling the igniter, he
text: calmly steps back, revealing his handgun.
text: A sharp EXPLOSION blasts the door free from the lock.
text: As the startled passengers watch in shock, the Terrorist
text: rushes inside, brutally pistol-whipping the flight
text: engineer as he stands, then pressing the muzzle into
text: the pilot's neck.
text: Expertly the Terrorist reaches up, turning off several
text: overhead switches, and then turns to the navigator's
text: station, shutting down the radio and radar. He hands
text: the captain a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: Your new course, Captain. Careful,
dialog: I ama pilot. No tricks.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER PASSENGER LEVEL - DAY 36
text: The passengers reacting in confusion to the sound of the
text: explosion. Ali walks past a U.S. Navy serviceman, now
text: starting to rise to his feet. Ali turns, FIRING TWICE,
text: point-blank into the man's chest, the high-caliber bul-
text: lets ripping through the seat, also killing a woman sit-
text: ting behind the sailor.
text: Behind him there is a CRASH. Ali spins, raising his
text: weapon, stopping as he sees an attendant, NANCY, backing
text: into the partition, holding her hands over her face, her
text: eyes wide with fear and horror. Ali studies her, calmly,
text: appraisinlgy and then dismissing her, hands the weapon to
text: Kahlil, the photojournalist. As if his point has been
text: made, Ali walks swiftly down the aisle, not bothering to
text: look at another passenger.
text: Somewhere in the main cabin, a hand gripping a .357
text: Magnum, partially removed from a belt holster, hesitates
text: before returning the revolver. Carefully, the man's
text: hand unsnaps the holster, sliding it and the gun down
text: to his feet where it is secreted in a dress boot, pants
text: leg covering it. Next his Federal I.D. wallet is slipped
dialog: between the seats.
text: A wave of fear rolls through the passengers as they con-
text: front the horrible reality -- hijacked. In a SERIES OF
text: SHOTS, we see passengers quickly hiding jewelry, watches,
text: Star of David medallions, passports, diamond rings.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SECTION WORK STATION - DAY 37
text: As a terrorist, shouting in Arabic, pushes Fran and
text: Nancy into the station, shoving them roughly into their
text: jump seats. As Fran sits, she looks up, seeing the
text: passenger manifest, hanging from the wall. Her eyes go
dialog: to a name: Edward Strickler, 13-B, United States Fed-
dialog: eral Air Marshal.
text: As the terrorist turns his back, she pulls the manifest
text: from the clipboard, slipping it into a trash receptacle.
text: She looks up, just as Ali steps into the space. He
text: removes his suit coat, hanging it over some work aprons
text: on the bulkhead. Lifting the intercom handset from the
text: wall, he speaks calmly, in perfect English.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: My name is 'Al Igqab.' Ina few
dialog: hours we will return to London,
dialog: refuel and then travel to the
dialog: Middle East. You are to remain in
dialog: your seats and do as you are told.
dialog: Anyone disobeying my orders will
dialog: be shot.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
text: He hangs up as Kahlil appears.
speaker_heading: KAHLIL
dialog: I will start separating the men
dialog: and collect the passports.
text: Ali considers this a moment and then answers in English,
text: catching Fran's stare, looking into his cold, calculating
text: eyes as he does.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: There is no need for that. Keep
text: them seated and maintain security.
dialog: I'm going to the cockpit.
text: He stares at Fran a moment and then turns away from
text: Kahlil, leaving the area, Fran seeing an expression of
text: confusion on Kahlil's face.
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN EMBASSY (LONDON) - MORNING 38
text: ESTABLISHING SHOT of the embassy, Grosvenor Square.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN EMBASSY - MAIN RECEPTION DESK - MORNING 39
text: Where a young ASSISTANT answers a RINGING TELEPHONE.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Good morning, American Embassy.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - DAY 40
text: Piccadilly Square visible in the b.g. A gloved hand
text: places a mini tape recorder next to the handset, a finger
text: pressing the play button.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: This is Al Iqab. In fifteen
dialog: minutes a clear message of my
dialog: convictions will be delivered to
text: the satanic American president.
scene_heading: EXT. FINANCIAL DISTRICT (LONDON) - DAY 41
text: Alive with mid-morning activity. We FOCUS ON a posh,
text: glass walled restaurant.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 43A
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. LONDON RESTAURANT - DAY 42
text: Businessmen and ladies tailored in Saville Row fashions
text: wait patiently to be seated. A dark-complected man,
text: early 20s, wearing a shabby overcoat, pushes through the
text: patrons, past the MAITRE D' and into the main dining area,
text: oblivious to the indignant stares and murmured comments.
text: The Maitre d', offended at this incursion follows after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: Excuse me, Sir, but may I help you?
text: The man reaches the center of the restaurant.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Do you have a reservation...
text: The man turns, the Maitre d' staring into the glazed eyes
text: of death. In that frozen moment, the Maitre d' notices
text: the man is sweating heavily, his breathing shallow.
text: The man slowly opens his coat, revealing a canvas vest to
text: which are taped a dozen blocks of plastic explosive,
text: fused and wired together in series. He holds out his
text: arm, revealing a detonator switch, crudely taped to his
text: palm, two wires running up his sleeve.
text: A frozen moment of hesitation and then the man, lifting
text: his face, eyes rolling upward, screams something in
text: Arabic and presses the detonator...
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - AERIAL VIEW - DAY 43
text: A fireball flashes through the atrium, a tidal wave of
text: flame and GLASS erupting into the street, followed by
text: the deafening THUNDERCLAP of the EXPLOSION.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT 43A
text: The silence shattered by the RINGING of a TELEPHONE. A
text: bedlamp is switched on, a hand groping for the phone.
text: A bedside clock indicates 3:30 A.M.
scene_heading: SUBTITLES: GEORGETOWN, WASHINGTON, D.C. 3:30 AM
text: Answering is DAVID GRANT, 32, intelligent, introspective,
text: and by the way he forces his mind into activity, not
text: unaccustomed to awakenings in the dead of night.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 43A
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: 45A
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: 47A
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43A
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Hello... Yes?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: When? Just a second...
text: (begins to jot down
dialog: items on a pad)
dialog: I'm on my way.
text: He hangs up, shaking the sleep from his brain. He thinks
text: a moment and then picks up the phone, punching in a
dialog: number.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 44
dialog: &
dialog: 45
scene_heading: EXT. VIRGINIA BEACH - NIGHT (FIRST LIGHT) 45A
text: A man dressed in gray sweats is running hard, pushing
text: himself down the hardpacked sand, sprinting the last
dialog: quarter mile.
scene_heading: SUBTITLES: VIRGINIA BEACH, VIRGINIA 5:30 AM
text: IN CLOSE we meet COLONEL AUSTIN TRAVIS, leader of an
text: elite special forces commando team, early 50s, graying
text: hair, still hard and lean, a man of incredible drive
dialog: and endurance.
text: Reaching a set of stairs he stops, checking his watch.
text: Satisfied he heads up the stairs ascending a grassy
text: bluff, taking the steps three at a time.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 46
dialog: &
dialog: 47
scene_heading: INT. TRAVIS' BEDROOM - NIGHT (FIRST LIGHT) 47A
text: Tastefully furnished, French windows opening onto a deck
text: overlooking the beach and the sweeping hillside below.
text: Travis enters and sits down on a multi-station fitness
text: machine, grasping an overhead bar and beginning a series
text: of gut crunches coupled with pull-ups.
text: From the bathroom a woman's voice calls out, cheerful,
dialog: playfully.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 47A CONTINUED: 47A
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (mock-scolding)
dialog: Uh, uh, Colonel. You don't have
dialog: time for that. Shower's free,
dialog: hurry up.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (grunting)
dialog: For what?
text: From the door LYNN TRAVIS, late 40's, athletic, short
text: bobbed hair, in tennis togs, appears.
speaker_heading: LYNN TRAVIS
dialog: We've got doubles with Tom and
text: Karen at seven. Breakfast at the
dialog: club and then the house in Little
dialog: Creek, which you've been putting
dialog: off seeing for a week. Now get
dialog: in here.
text: She throws a towel at him. Overhead we hear the faint
text: THUMPING sound of a HELICOPTER passing by. Travis
text: listens, judging the distance and type of aircraft by
text: habit. He returns to Lynn, smiling.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Hell, I thought that was tomorrow.
dialog: I already made plans to run into
dialog: D.C., drop by the Pent...
speaker_heading: LYNN TRAVIS
dialog: Oh, no. As of 0:600 this morning,
dialog: you are on leave, mister, thirty
dialog: days, in preparation for
text: reassignment to staff headquarters.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just where I want you, a nine to
dialog: fiver, like it or not. And the
dialog: next thirty days are going to be
dialog: devoted exclusively to me...
text: The sound of the HELICOPTER has increased. Through the
text: curtains Travis sees a blurred movement over the beach,
text: an army 500C helicopter feathering out, settling
dialog: to earth.
text: Lynn stares at the helicopter, face stricken, hands moving
text: defensively to her breast. An officer in camouflage
text: fatigues runs towards the house, a briefcase under his
text: arm. Travis turns, looking at Lynn, seeing once again the
text: look of betrayal, resignation, he has seen from her so
text: many times before. Unable to speak she breaks away,
text: entering the bathroom.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - HALLWAY - NIGHT 48
text: Travis and his Staff Officer hurrying down the hallway,
text: Travis reading from a top secret briefing.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Has Delta been alerted?
speaker_heading: STAFF OFFICER
dialog: Yes, sir. Warning order in force,
text: they should be on the tarmac at
dialog: Fort Bragg by 0:800.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Then let's go see what the hell
dialog: this is all about.
scene_heading: INT. ANTEROOM - NIGHT 49
text: Outside the Joint Chiefs Operations Center, where PETER
text: CAHILL, early forties, intellectual, slightly hyper, wear-
text: ing a crumpled corduroy suit and yesterday's shirt, is
text: gulping coffee from a large paper cup. He looks as if
text: roused from sleep, only minutes ago. A portable computer
text: rests at his feet.
text: Travis and his Staff Officer appear, Cahill looking up.
text: The two men stare at each other and then Cahill rises.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: Colonel Travis?
text: Travis studies him, remembering. He nods.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Cahill. The Jules Verne kid from
dialog: Advanced Projects Research. Two
dialog: years ago, right? That screwball
dialog: experimental airplane you were
dialog: trying to justify to the
dialog: Appropriations Committee. What
dialog: the hell was it called, 'Ramona?'
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Ramora.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Ramora. Right.
text: (looks at him hard;
dialog: puzzled)
dialog: What the hell are you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: 49K
speaker_heading: 49B
dialog: 50
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - WAITING ROOM - NIGHT 49K
text: Spartan but tastefully furnished. In the center of the
text: room three men are conversing in hushed tones.
text: GENERAL MIKE SARLOW, head of ISA, the army's CIA, is
text: speaking while CAPTAIN DAVID GRANT, now dressed in an
text: army uniform, studies carefully the reactions of an
text: ARAB DIPLOMAT, late 50's, compassionate but penetrating
text: eyes, wearing an expensively tailored English suit.
speaker_heading: SARLOW
dialog: There must be some way to contact
dialog: them. Someone he will listen to.
speaker_heading: ARAB DIPLOMAT
dialog: (cautious)
dialog: Jaffa is a pariah to the Arab
dialog: community, a total threat to any
dialog: hope we have of peace in the
dialog: Middle East. No one will have
dialog: anything to do with him publicly.
speaker_heading: SARLOW
dialog: I realize that, but we must try.
speaker_heading: ARAB DIPLOMAT
dialog: I will do everything possible.
dialog: But there is no one politically
dialog: to deal with except Ali Hassan.
dialog: And he is a true believer. He
dialog: will be difficult to deal with.
dialog: A very dangerous man.
text: Sarlow looks at Grant for his assessment, receiving a
text: solemn nod of agreement.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - ANTEROOM - NIGHT 49B
text: Some distance down the hallway, a door opens and Sarlow,
text: Grant and the Arab Diplomat emerge. Travis watches as
text: they briefly shake hands, the diplomat leaving, escorted
text: by a waiting Pentagon official. Sarlow and Grant turn
text: and walk towards the anteroom. As they approach, Travis
text: appraises them carefully just as the door to the
text: operations center swings open, a CIA OFFICER appearing.
speaker_heading: CIA OFFICER
dialog: Gentlemen.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS CENTER - NIGHT 50
dialog: The emergency operations center of the Joint Chiefs,
text: five stories underground, a huge oval-shaped room on
dialog: two levels.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 50
text: The lower level is devoted to a massive communications
text: center, an intricate collection of telephones, computers,
text: and printers manned by military operators. On the walls
text: are a bank of television sets, flanked by huge screens
dialog: onto which maps, computer data and video images may be
dialog: projected.
text: The President's crisis-management team stands before one
text: of the overhead screens on which we see a map of Europe,
text: indicating the location of the 747, enroute to London.
text: Leading the team is GEORGE KAPLAN, the President's
text: National Security Advisor. With him is DIRECTOR NELSON,
text: head of the CIA (DCI); MAJOR ERWIN PRICE, and ADMIRAL
text: CHESTER LEWIS of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Along with
text: Sarlow, Travis and Grant, they listen to another tape
dialog: recording by Ali Hassan.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN (V.O.)
dialog: (hard; clipped)
dialog: You have witnessed the conviction
dialog: of Al Iqab. My instructions will
dialog: be given once; no theater, no
dialog: negotiation. Jaffa will be taken
text: to Gatwick Airport, a long-range
dialog: private jet provided. With Jaffa's
dialog: release, Flight 343 will divert to
dialog: Washington, D.C. where half the
dialog: prisoners will be exchanged for
dialog: fuel and fifteen million in gold
dialog: bullion.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jaffa must be airborne by three
dialog: P.M., G.M.T., or a second, more
dialog: convincing message will be
dialog: delivered. All communication
dialog: will cease after this message.
text: Kaplan turns to Travis, studying him, carefully choosing
text: his words before he speaks.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Colonel Travis, as you know, the
dialog: President is out of the country,
dialog: scheduled to meet with the Soviet
dialog: Premiere tomorrow. We're in
dialog: constant communication with him.
dialog: He's been apprised of everything
dialog: I am about to tell you.
text: Kaplan glances at Sarlow and Grant.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 21.
dialog: (2) 50
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
text: In the past hour, some new, rather
dialog: disturbing elements have surfaced,
dialog: possibly calling for some
dialog: extraordinary measures. That's
dialog: why you're here.
text: Travis looks around at the sober faces staring at him.
text: He seems to be the center of attention -- as if he's
text: the last to be brought in on something. He turns
dialog: back to Kaplan.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: The immediate situation is this.
dialog: The Prime Minister is demanding
dialog: Jaffa's release or he'll take
dialog: action on his own. We're going
dialog: to comply, to gain some time, at
dialog: least.
dialog: (to Sarlow)
dialog: General Sarlow?
speaker_heading: GENERAL SARLOW
dialog: A number of Arab factions are
dialog: willing to attempt negotiations
dialog: with Jaffa's group, but unless
dialog: the highjackers elect to make
dialog: contact, our options are
dialog: severely limited.
dialog: (looks at Grant)
dialog: I'm going to ask Captain Grant to
dialog: continue. He's the best expert
dialog: we have on Arab terrorists, and
dialog: he's been on the highjacking since
dialog: we first learned of it.
text: Grant addresses the group but focuses on Travis, again
text: as if this is for his benefit. Grant refers to a
dialog: series of
text: documents taken from his briefcase.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Based upon a voice print, I'm
dialog: certain 'Al Iqab' is Ali Hassan,
dialog: Jaffa's second in command. For
dialog: such a high-ranking member to
dialog: actually be in charge is highly
dialog: unusual.
text: He pauses, Travis cautiously acknowledging.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Yes, highly unusual.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 50
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Then I'm sure you would also agree,
dialog: Colonel, that taking hostages to
dialog: spring Jaffa makes sense, but not
dialog: coming here. They can secure his
dialog: release and never leave Europe.
text: Again, Travis stares coolly at Grant.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
text: Obviously Hassan is up to something.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Jaffa knew his effectiveness as a
dialog: terrorist was over and was in the
dialog: process of portraying himself a
dialog: moderate, another Arafat. But Ali
dialog: has always represented the hard
dialog: line, fundamental position.
dialog: (beat)
text: Rather then take a Mossad bullet in
dialog: the head he would rather go out
text: striking a blow at the Great Satan.
dialog: The Sword of God's Will.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: His nom de guerre, 'Al Iqab,' is
dialog: deeply rooted in Arabic culture,
text: associated with suicidal vengeance.
dialog: It means: "The Punishment. '
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: So, what's the punch line?
text: Grant refers to an open folder before him.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Less than a week ago, a small
dialog: Russian army convoy was ambushed
dialog: outside of Ashkhabad, near the
dialog: Iranian border. Ten men were
text: killed, a truck hijacked.
text: He places several satellite photographs on the table,
text: showing the burned wreckage of several Jeeps and soldiers
text: lying on the road.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Recent intelligence gives us strong
dialog: reason to believe Jaffa's group
dialog: was responsible.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The cargo of that truck consisted
text: of 42 canisters of DZ-5, being
dialog: relocated to a secret storage
dialog: facility.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 50
text: Travis stiffens slightly at the mention of the word.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: DZ-5 is the latest generation of a
dialog: biogenic nerve toxin, far more
dialog: lethal than any chemical weapon
dialog: we've ever seen...
text: He places several photographs on the table showing Middle
text: Eastern tribesmen and soldiers, lying in contorted and
text: misshapen heaps; one photograph showing a Kurdish tribes-
text: woman clutching a baby, their faces frozen masks of
text: agony, gasping for their last breath of life.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (sober)
dialog: I'm aware of its capabilities,
dialog: Captain.
text: Grant stops, his briefing finished for the moment.
text: He looks to Director Nelson, the DCI, who picks up
text: a computer printout.
speaker_heading: DCI
text: A cross-check of the passenger
dialog: and cargo manifests, Colonel,
dialog: indicates a shipment of ‘art
dialog: objects,' leaded pottery, 250
dialog: kilos in weight, on board
dialog: Flight 343...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The point of origin, final
dialog: destination and the person assigned
dialog: to that shipment are all non-
dialog: existent.
text: Kaplan now resumes, but Travis clearly understands
text: the situation, Grant carefully studying his reaction.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: We have to consider, Colonel
dialog: Travis, the strong possibility that
dialog: gaining the release of Jaffa is
dialog: only the first phase of a larger
dialog: plan...
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (grave)
dialog: A major strike against the U.S.
text: Again Grant speaks up, referring to his notes. He is
text: obviously well prepared for this briefing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: thru
dialog: 53
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 50
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: Assuming only 10 canisters,
dialog: airburst over Washington... we
dialog: could expect between 50,000 to
dialog: 100,000 deaths. Anything inside
dialog: a hundred miles of the coastline
dialog: would be disastrous.
text: A frozen moment and then Kaplan looks directly at
dialog: Travis.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: Meaning, Colonel Travis, if this
dialog: scenario is true, the President
dialog: would have no other choice but to
dialog: order the plane destroyed.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Yes, sir, no other choice. But I'm
dialog: at a loss, Mr. Kaplan. If this
dialog: is all true, where does my team fit
dialog: in?
text: Kaplan glances at Grant, then to the DCI.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Because, we've been told we may
dialog: have another option, Colonel.
dialog: Which does concern you.
dialog: (to Nelson)
dialog: Let's get on with it, gentlemen.
text: Nelson nods to one of his aides who leaves the room.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: DCI
dialog: It's a wild card, Colonel, but
dialog: under the circumstances, it's all
dialog: we've got. You've already met, I
dialog: think, Peter Cahill, an
text: aeronautical engineer at DARPA, a
dialog: pioneer in stealth technology...
dialog: 51
dialog: thru
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS CENTER - DAY 54
text: CLOSE ON a video screen where a computerized blueprint is
text: displayed, a drawing of a double-walled, ovoid cylinder,
text: at the top of which is an inner and outer o-ring device:
text: a series of circular, sucker-like cups, attached to a
text: collection of pneumatic pumps.
text: The image changes, an engineer's drawing, showing the
text: cylinder, similar to a submarine's conning tower,
text: attached to the top of a radically designed executive-
text: style jet with stealth characteristics, featuring
text: swept-back wings and a horizontal, rather than vertical,
dialog: tail.
text: Another drawing shows the cylinder telescoped upward,
text: several times its original size, the delivery plane now
text: positioned beneath and mated with an aircraft many times
text: its size, a giant XB-70 bomber.
text: Suddenly Travis gets the picture, understanding where he
text: fits into the loop.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Jesus H. Christ...
text: All eyes are on Travis.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Kaplan, but I see
dialog: where you're going with this. My
dialog: team is thoroughly versed in
text: carrying out assaults on hijacked
text: aircraft. But on the ground, not
text: five miles above the earth.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I informed Mr. Cahill two years
dialog: ago that we had little use for
text: this ‘aircraft’ in Special Ops.
dialog: This thing was designed to
dialog: transfer flight crews to and from
dialog: strategic bombers, requiring
dialog: special adaptation to the aircraft.
dialog: (looks at Cahill)
dialog: Its application with a civilian
dialog: aircraft was dismissed as posing
dialog: too great a risk to the
text: passengers. A hijacked aircraft
dialog: eventually has to land somehwere
dialog: where we can deal with it...
text: Travis realizes the irony of his last statement, even
text: before Kaplan speaks up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 26.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: This does appear to be the
dialog: exception to the rule.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We said this was a wild card,
dialog: Colonel. But if your team can
dialog: board that airplane, determine if
text: there is a bomb and take control
dialog: of the situation, we at least have
dialog: a fighting chance. Otherwise,
dialog: four hundred and six passengers
dialog: will have to be sacrificed.
dialog: (sober; intense)
dialog: The President does not want to
dialog: shoot down that plane, Colonel...
dialog: but he will. He cannot risk
dialog: 50,000 American lives.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In his words this is a Hail Mary
dialog: pass. He has no other options.
text: Kaplan continues to look at Travis.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: How much time?
text: Grant speaks up.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You have to be airborne within the
dialog: hour.
text: Travis thinks a moment and then nods, the soldier's
text: acceptance of duty. He looks at Cahill.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: One question. You have enough
dialog: confidence in this gadget to stake
dialog: your life on it, under these
dialog: circumstances?
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: It's been modified... the pump's
dialog: much stronger... Even without the
dialog: mating collar there is an
dialog: appropriate hatch on the 747 and
dialog: the wide surface area of the
dialog: aircraft should be sufficient for
dialog: a link-up...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'd have to say I have extreme
dialog: confidence in its application,
dialog: even under the less than optimum
dialog: circumstances.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: 54A
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 54
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Well, good. Because I want you to
dialog: go along. I don't want anything
dialog: left to chance.
text: Cahill is stunned. He starts to speak but a withering
text: look from the DCI shuts him up. Cahill looks sick.
text: Kaplan speaks up, dealing his last card.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: I think one addition to the team
dialog: is called for, Colonel. An expert
dialog: in Arabic dialects, someone who
dialog: has made a careful study of Ali's
dialog: life, who knows how he thinks, how
dialog: he operates...
text: Travis turns and looks at Grant, their eyes locking.
text: This was unanticipated by Grant and his face shows it.
text: The Major-General, Travis's boss speaks up.
speaker_heading: MAJOR-GENERAL
dialog: I see absolutely no need for
dialog: Captain Grant's involvement in the
dialog: actual operation. He can
dialog: accomplish an advisory role right
dialog: from here in Operations.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: On the contrary, General, I think
dialog: his actual presence could prove
dialog: crucial. Captain Grant might be
dialog: able to forecast something Ali is
text: going to do, before he does it.
speaker_heading: MAJOR-GENERAL
dialog: Mr. Kaplan, it's going to be
dialog: difficult enough for the Colonel
dialog: and his men...
text: Travis speaks out.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Excuse me, General. I'11 take
dialog: him. He could prove useful.
text: He fixes Grant with a look that says, "Okay, let's see
dialog: how you handle the real thing."
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFORCE BASE - OPEN JEEP - DAWN 54A
text: Moving swiftly across the flight line, passing hangars
dialog: and military aircraft.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 54A
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 54A
text: Travis's Special Forces driver is at the wheel, Travis
text: in the front seat, Grant in the rear. Grant, windblown
text: and chilled, seems uncomfortable and nervous, a marked
text: change from his confident bearing at the Pentagon.
text: Travis turns in his seat.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Curious why I didn't vote against
dialog: your coming, Captain?
text: Grant is curious but remains silent.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Because this whole operation was
dialog: your idea, wasn't it? Your little
dialog: brainstorm.
text: The look on Grant's face says it all.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: That's what I get paid for,
dialog: Colonel.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: And my boys get paid for putting
dialog: it on the line. I'm not faulting
dialog: your ideas, Captain. Like Kaplan
dialog: said, under the circumstances it's
dialog: a brilliant plan. And crazy
dialog: enough that it just might work.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Except we know we shouldn't be
dialog: doing it in the first place, don't
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: I'm not sure I follow you, sir.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Then I'll enlighten you. Where
dialog: you intel boys fucked up was
dialog: cooking up this hare-brained
dialog: scheme to put Jaffa on trial in
dialog: the first place.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You're mistaken, Colonel. We had
dialog: nothing to do with Jaffa's
dialog: abduction...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 54A
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 54A
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Oh, horse shit. I know a hell of
dialog: a lot more about what goes on in
dialog: your world than you think. It was
dialog: a C.I.A. op, an executive decision
dialog: from the beginning. We both play
dialog: for the same team, Captain. The
dialog: only difference is, you don't have
text: to pull the trigger.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I had no involvement with that
dialog: operation, Colonel.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I agree with it in principle.
dialog: Jafa is an international criminal
dialog: and had to be brought to justice.
dialog: Men like that have to know they're
dialog: not beyond the reach of the law.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Law? The only law animals like
dialog: Jaffa and Ali understand comes
text: from the end of a gun.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You should have killed them all
dialog: when you had the chance.
text: Grant reflects on this.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Well, that's all a moot point,
dialog: isn't it? No matter what, Jaffa
dialog: is home free.
text: A cold look from Travis.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Don't count on it, Captain.
text: The Jeep pulls to a halt beside a massive hangar, just as
text: a CH-46 HELICOPTER ROARS INTO VIEW over the top, quickly
text: settling to the tarmac, Travis and Grant turning to avoid
text: the prop wash.
text: Emerging from the helicopter are seven men, wearing watch
text: caps, dark green pullovers, black cargo-pocketed pants,
text: and light weight, crepe-soled boots. Quickly they unload
text: dark duffel bags and ABS plastic suitcases.
text: Travis swings from the Jeep, leaving Grant behind, making
text: his way to the team. They cluster momentarily, Travis
text: warmly greeting them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 54A
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 54A
text: Grant sees a very close-knit, highly motivated and
text: bonded team, but he sees as well the fear in their eyes,
text: the adrenaline rush, and as they glance towards him, the
dialog: automatic distrust of outsiders.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Outstanding, gentlemen. Any
dialog: problems?
text: One of the men, BAKER, good-natured, wide beaming face
text: speaks up.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: (shouting)
text: Almost missed Cappy. Caught him
text: in his driveway, pole in his hand,
text: headed for the Keys.
text: Travis looks across at CAPPY, 48, black, lean, chiseled,
text: intelligent features, wearing in contrast to the others a
text: black insulated jumpsuit, covered with dozens of pockets
text: and pouches. On his head is a floppy fatigue hat, several
text: trout flies in the brim.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Damn near made it, too.
text: Several of the men look up, seeing Grant as he
text: approaches. Travis turns, looking at Grant.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Boys, this is Captain Grant, I.S.A.
dialog: He's along in case we get into any
dialog: serious trouble. Let's go. We'll
text: brief in flight.
text: The men pick up their gear, walking towards the hangar.
text: Another of the men, a wiry, intense Chicano, nicknamed
dialog: "RAT" for his expertise in surreptitious entry, looks
text: around him, searching for something.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Colonel, I don't see the support
dialog: van. Are we takin' it?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Not this time, Rat. We're
text: traveling light.
text: The huge doors begin to part...
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: 55A
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR (AIR FORCE BASE) - DAY 55
text: As the DOORS RUMBLE open, the men walk forward, casting
text: long backlit shadows before them as they step through the
text: hangar doors.
text: They stop, staring at something inside the cavernous hangar.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (pilot's drawl)
dialog: Well, it ain't made the cover of
dialog: Popular Mechanics.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE 55A
text: we see a hawk-like aircraft of black, anodized titanium,
text: so rakish and streamlined it looks almost in flight just
text: sitting on the ground. A flight crew, finishing last
dialog: minute services and checks on the high-tech bird, remove
text: their service equipment, the pilots entering the craft.
text: As the team approaches the plane, Cahill appears from
text: inside. He calls out to Travis, gesturing towards the men.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Too much weight! Never designed for
dialog: this many -- never get off the ground!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And we're running late. For every
dialog: minute we're here, we have to make
dialog: up ten in the air. Got to go!
text: Travis turns to the men, pointing to the equipment.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Cut it down! Close-quarter
dialog: weapons, bomb kit, detection and
dialog: surveillance gear, and the sleep
dialog: agent. Dump the rest! Let's go!
text: Immediately the team begins digging through the equip-
text: ment, taking only the essential items, leaving the rest
text: on the hangar floor. As Travis and Grant stand next to
text: each other, Travis's Driver appears.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Sir, I have your call to S.A.S
dialog: command in London. ‘Cousin Reggie'
text: is on the scrambler.
text: Grant seems very curious as Travis takes the call ona
text: SAT-COM briefcase unit, but Travis's words are drowned
text: out as the powerful ENGINES on the jet begin to POWER UP.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: 57A
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - DAY 56
text: The delivery plane has taxied into position and held,
text: ENGINES WHINING. The plane pivots hard, aiming down the
text: runway, the ENGINE REVVING to FULL BURNER, heat waves
text: OBSCURING FRAME as the jet accelerates...
speaker_heading: OMITTED 57
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY BASE (ENGLAND) - PRISON CELL - DAY 57A
text: Where in the dim light of the cold cell, Jaffa sits on
text: his bunk, dressed in gray overalls. Suddenly the heavy
text: steel door swings open and several American MPs enter,
text: pulling Jaffa to his feet, putting him in handcuffs. As
text: the startled Jaffa is led from his cell, he sees an
text: American diplomat, staring at him coldly from the
text: hallway. As he's ushered down the hall, Jaffa realizes
text: something significant has taken place.
scene_heading: EXT. ENGLISH COUNTRYSIDE (NEAR LONDON) - DAY 58
text: A convoy of U.S. and British military vehicles flies
text: past on a country highway, the access roads blocked by
text: military police. A sign reading: "LONDON 150km" is
dialog: seen in the f.g.
text: In the third vehicle from the lead, Jaffa sits in an
text: armored Range Rover, surrounded by soldiers, the diplo-
text: mat seated beside him.
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 59
text: We PULL BACK to reveal the interior, spartan but func-
text: tional. Fold-down jump seats accommodate the team, the
text: rear of the jet devoted to racks of miniaturized elec-
text: tronic and navigational gear. The predominant feature
text: of the jet, however, is the dome-like appendage swelling
text: from the ceiling near the cockpit. A pressurized hatch
text: is located in the center of the dome, surrounded by a
text: series of gauges, levers and switches.
text: The ship is intermittently buffeted by turbulence,
text: obviously not the best of flying conditions. The men
text: are intense and highly focused as they listen to
text: Travis' briefing of the bizarre mission they are about
text: to undertake. Grant is obviously the outsider, sitting
text: near the rear of the aircraft.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: The stakes are high on this one,
dialog: gentlemen, the most important
dialog: mission we've ever been handed.
text: This assault is untested and
dialog: carries more than the usual element
dialog: of chance, but under the
dialog: circumstances, it's the only chance
dialog: those people on board have.
text: A quick look to Grant, then to Cahill.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Otherwise, it's a standard
dialog: suppression op, just as if we had
text: boarded on the ground.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All right, let's go through it.
dialog: Baker.
text: Baker turns to a video screen, part of a portable high-
text: tech communication and tracking system. He plots a
text: simulated course, showing an intercept point of the 747
text: and the delivery plane over the Atlantic.
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: The 747's transponder and radar
text: is off, but the E2 now has a fix
dialog: on them. Our intercept should be
dialog: about here, roughly an hour out of
dialog: London.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That gives us four hours on board
text: before she reaches the hundred
dialog: mile limit.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Give me that schematic.
text: Baker snaps an exploded-view cell, showing the 747 in
text: intricate detail, into a light box. The team studies
text: the glowing, back-lit schematic.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Grant, you're up after Baker, find
text: a hole and sit tight while Baker
text: sets up the intercom link with the
text: Pentagon. Sleep-agent is next.
text: Rat, five bottles on the port
dialog: manifold, Charlie, five on
text: starboard.
text: Grant's voice breaks in, drawing several annoyed looks
dialog: from the men.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 34,
dialog: (2) 59
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Excuse me, Colonel... You're
dialog: using sodium chloral-hydrate?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You've done your homework. Any
dialog: problems with that?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: In the tests of S.C.H. I've been
dialog: briefed on, the effects on most
dialog: subjects was a gradual drowsiness
dialog: for about thirty seconds before
text: unconsciousness.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (curious)
dialog: Correct. What's your point?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Thirty seconds may be too long.
dialog: Ali is highly intelligent, acts
dialog: instinctually, by nature suspicious
dialog: of everything. The slightest
dialog: indication his mission has been
dialog: comprised could result ina
text: disastrous reaction on his part.
dialog: Travis considers this.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Good point. Baker?
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: I can increase the saturation.
dialog: It'll put ‘em out instantly but
dialog: it's pretty risky. We could lose
dialog: someone before we cycle the gas
dialog: out.
text: Travis looks at Grant.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Increase it. We'll take the chance.
dialog: Catman, you ready to fly it?
text: CATMAN, smooth, confident, a pilot's manual for a 747
text: open on his lap, looks up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: CATMAN
dialog: 35.
dialog: 59
dialog: Once we clear the flight crew from
dialog: the cockpit, no problem.
dialog: Should
dialog: be on auto pilot but even if it
dialog: isn't, plane pretty well flies
dialog: itself.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Once we've got control,
dialog: Rat, you
text: and Cappy start the sweep through
text: the forward baggage compartment.
dialog: If we find a bomb we divert.
dialog: Baker.
speaker_heading: CATMAN
dialog: (checking his map)
dialog: S.A.C. base at McNeil, Greenland
dialog: is our best bet.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: And if this bitch has a
text: Cappy, resolved, opens a folding,
text: case containing a fantastic array
text: He looks up.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Well then, I guess your
dialog: all mine.
text: A sober moment passes through the
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: All right. That's it.
dialog: your equipment.
dialog: short fuse?
dialog: three-sectioned soft
text: of miniature bomb tools.
dialog: asses are
dialog: group.
dialog: See to
text: Grant looks over at Cahill, busily at work on a small,
text: calculator-like device.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Last minute calculations?
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (sheepishly)
dialog: No. Three-dimensional chess. I
dialog: don't do well with flying. Have
dialog: to keep distracted.
text: The Pilot's voice breaks in, heard OVER SPEAKERS in the
dialog: cabin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 59
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: The E-2 is vectoring us into an
text: intercept with the 747 now.
dialog: Estimating contact in thirty-eight
dialog: minutes.
text: Anxious faces look up and then the team returns to
text: packing and preparing equipment.
text: Travis, near the cockpit, is busily typing on a satellite
text: transceiver unit, a high-tech computer phone unit, housed
text: inside a black aluminum case. He enters a command and a
text: small plastic strip, a magnetic code key, emerges from a
text: slot. He closes the case, motioning for Grant.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: You'll run the intel-board, mikes,
text: microwave scanners and video
text: probes. Things run to plan,
dialog: you're just along for the ride.
text: He gives Grant the mag-key, matter of factly.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Hang on to this. Access key for a
dialog: scrambled transmission I'm
dialog: expecting. Little arrangement with
dialog: Cousin Reggie in England. You'll
dialog: need this to patch me through.
dialog: Code name is ‘Executive Decision. '
text: Grant nods, putting the code-key deep inside his shirt
text: pocket. Travis looks at him, studying him. He grins.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: By the way, good call on the sleep
dialog: agent.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're the expert on Ali. Tell me,
dialog: aside from freeing Jaffa and
dialog: killing a lot of innocent Americans,
dialog: what does he hope to gain from all
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: If the attack on Washington were
dialog: successful, sometime in the
dialog: aftermath, with Americans at the
dialog: peak of their outrage, no doubt
dialog: certain undeniable information
dialog: would be leaked to the West.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Leaked?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 59
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: By Ali. Set up before his suicide.
dialog: Information implicating the country
dialog: who supplied Ali the nerve gas, the
dialog: bomb, the diplomatic support needed
text: to get the highjackers on board.
dialog: So damning, so...
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: That the U.S. would be forced to
text: retaliate.
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: In Ali's mind, hopefully so swiftly
dialog: and devastatingly, maybe even
dialog: nuclear, that a Pan-Arabic war
dialog: would result, the focus at the only
dialog: plausible target in the region,
dialog: Israel.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: And restoring Jaffa as a leading
dialog: power in the region as well. Very
dialog: clever.
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: Inspiration born of desperation.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Sounds familiar, doesn't it?
text: They look at each other, a new level of respect for their
text: situation passing between them.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DAY 60
text: The huge plane moves majestically onward on its course
text: across the Atlantic.
scene_heading: INT. 747 CABIN AREA - DAY 61
text: Silent as a tomb. Terrorists armed with automatic
text: weapons are stationed at various locations on the plane.
text: All of the window shades have been pulled down.
text: A terrorist armed with an automatic weapon, pistol and
text: grenade, moves slowly down the long corridor, his eyes
text: glaring at the passengers, who sit terrified, unable to
dialog: move or speak.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
text: He passes the mid-cabin area where Ali Hassan and two
text: others have set up a monitoring station, adapted to the
text: plane's gutted telephone system, consisting of a SHORT-
text: WAVE RADIO, over which can be heard a NEWS BROADCAST,
text: and alongside it, a military field radio.
text: As the guard nears the front of the plane, he walks
text: past a terrorist, dragging the two murdered passengers,
text: now covered in blood-stained blankets, into one of the
text: forward bathrooms.
text: We FOCUS ON the PARENTS of Karen and DAVID, whispering
text: to each other in urgent voices.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: I want them here, with us.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: No. They're insane. They've
dialog: already killed two people. We're
dialog: going to sit here...
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: And do what?
text: The terrorist guard passes by them, then past Karen and
text: David. As he does, Karen looks across at the two Greek
text: boys, silent, terrified, the priest beside them deep in
text: prayer, eyes closed, prayer beads moving through his
text: fingers. One of the boys notices her, staring back at
text: her with frightened eyes. Suddenly, on impulse, Karen
text: stands, moving into the aisle. Her brother reacts,
text: startled.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Karen! What are you doing! Get
dialog: back here!
text: But Karen stands in the aisle, holding out to the Greek
text: boy a Nintendo game, the boy remaining frozen, staring
text: at her.
text: Two rows back, Karen's mother looks up, seeing Karen in
text: the aisle, starts to rise when her husband's hand comes
text: down firmly on her arm.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: (stern whisper)
dialog: No! Don't move.
text: Slowly they lean out, trying to get Karen's attention
text: without alerting the guard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 61
text: As Karen holds out the game, the Greek boy reaches out
text: to accept it... A gun barrel flashes INTO VIEW, the game
text: snatched from her hand. Terrified faces freeze in place,
text: priest, children, parents, passengers, as the terrorist
text: guard stares at the game. Angrily he shoves Karen aside,
text: shouting at her in Arabic. As Karen begins to cry, her
text: father, unable to restrain himself, lunges from his chair.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You son of a...
text: The terrorist spins, slamming the butt of his rifle into
text: the father's chest, driving him back into his seat.
text: Instantly the barrel of the rifle is pressed hard into
text: his windpipe, cutting off his air, the father beginning
text: to choke. His wife reaches out, desperately, pleading...
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Please, you're choking him...
dialog: Please stop it!
text: But the terrorist presses harder, an angry sneer across
text: his face, a very ugly situation about to get worse...
text: Suddenly a hand reaches out, grasping the gun barrel.
text: Startled the terrorist looks up into Ali's face. Ali
text: pulls the gun away, carefully backing the guard into the
text: aisle, speaking softly to him in Arabic. The terrorist
text: settles but glares back in anger at the father.
text: Ali kneels to the floor, picking up the game. He
text: examines it and then hands it to the Greek boy.
text: He helps Karen into her seat, speaking to her in English.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You must stay in your seat.
text: He gently roughs her hair, looking up into the frozen
text: faces of her parents, and then into the faces of a
text: dozen other passengers, all staring at him, humbled with
text: fear. As Ali looks from face to face he sees, perhaps
text: for the first time, the people, the human souls, who are
text: destined to die with him in his desperate statement to
text: the West. He grows agitated and then speaks out, almost
dialog: as a parent to a child explaining why the child must be
dialog: punished.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I am not your enemy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have been betrayed by your own
dialog: leaders... The supporters and
dialog: instigators of the Zionist occupation
dialog: of my homeland.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 61
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I am but an instrument of God, a
dialog: messenger of his will. In my hand
dialog: he has placed the Sword of Islam
dialog: and commanded me...
text: He stares into the frozen faces, paralyzed in fear.
text: He relaxes, smiles slightly.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: But you have nothing to fear. God's
dialog: mercy is bestowed upon the innocent
dialog: and the righteous.
text: With a last look he turns and moves down the aisle.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD GALLEY AREA - DAY 62
text: Fran, Nancy and two other attendants, sit in their jump
text: seats. Fran warily eyes the terrorist as he passes by,
text: the others averting him altogether. Fran turns to Nancy,
text: sitting next to her, obviously still deeply shaken by the
dialog: murders she witnessed earlier.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Judy's been down there for four
dialog: hours. They wouldn't have left
dialog: her there alone. Something's
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (whispering; terrified)
dialog: Oh God, Fran, be quiet. They're
dialog: crazy...
text: Sensing someone's presence, Nancy looks up, the words
text: freezing in her throat as she looks into Ali's face.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: You will bring food for my men.
dialog: Now.
text: Nancy, frozen with panic, closes her eyes, unable to
text: move or speak. Ali leans in closer.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I said, bring food for my men...
text: But then Ali looks up, seeing the empty clipboard that
text: once held the passenger manifest.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 62
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 62
text: He removes the clipboard, studying it, Fran's eyes
text: momentarily going to the trash bin where she hid the
dialog: manifest.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (to Nancy)
dialog: The passenger manifest. Where is
dialog: it?
text: Startled, Nancy looks up. She has no idea where it is.
text: Ali leans in closer, his face inches from Nancy, now
text: trembling in fear.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (menacing)
dialog: I will not ask you again. Where
dialog: is the manifest?
text: Fran's voince breaks the tension.
speaker_heading: FRAN (0.S.)
dialog: I destroyed it.
text: Ali stands back, scrutinizing Fran.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (bemused )
dialog: Destroyed. How?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: The toilet...
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I see. And why?
text: Fran hesitates a moment.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: To protect the passengers.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: To protect the Jews.
text: He moves closer, scrutinizing her, his eyes deeply
text: penetrating hers.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Or, someone else...
text: Fran is terrified out of her wits but holds her ground.
text: Slowly, Ali backs away, eyes still probing her for the
dialog: slightest betrayal.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 62 CONTINUED: (2) 62
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Brave, but a very stupid, foolish
dialog: thing to do.
dialog: (stares at her)
dialog: And totally unnecessary.
text: He replaces the clipboard. He gestures to Fran.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You will bring food for my men.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: What about the passengers? They've
dialog: had nothing to eat or drink...
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: No food, only drink.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And, they may use the rear bathrooms,
text: accompanied by a guard. Any
dialog: suspicious movement, they will be
dialog: shot.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: See, I am a generous man. You are
text: free to move about the cabin. But,
dialog: no more mistakes. Understood?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Yes. Thank you. I'll have to use
dialog: the elevator.
text: Carefully she turns and opens the elevator door. As she
text: steps inside, Ali stops her, motioning for one of the
text: terrorist guards to accompany her.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: No more mistakes.
scene_heading: 63 INT. 747 LOWER GALLEY - DAY 63
text: The elevator door opens and Fran emerges, followed by
text: the guard. Immediately her eyes go to the limp form
text: of Judy, lying against the food carts. She starts to
text: move to her side, but the guard stops her with the
text: barrel of his weapon. Slowly she pushes it aside.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (quietly weeping)
dialog: Do what you want, I'm going to
text: cover her body.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
text: She turns away from him, taking a blanket from an
text: overhead storage compartment. She kneels, a last look at
text: her friend before covering the body. As she stands and
text: turns toward the food carts we see that her eyes, filled
text: with tears, also blaze with anger and hatred.
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 64
text: Rat attaches a pressure valve to a small stainless steel
scene_heading: cylinder, labeled: "GAS AGENT: SODIUM CHLORAL-HYDRATE."
text: He re-locks the valve, replacing the cylinder into a
text: circular, foam-filled nylon carrying case.
text: Beside him, Charlie opens an aluminum case, marked with
text: a wide red stripe. Enmeshed in foam is an array of
text: highly specialized weapons: a four-shot, high-powered
text: taser unit, equipped with Teflon barbs; lethal-looking
text: hand shotguns mounted on heavy pistol grips; a short-
text: barreled impact cannon with several rubber-tipped shells.
text: Cahill, studying the team, turns to Travis, eyeing the
text: .22 Beretta automatic strapped to his chest.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: Why all the guns?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Hope for the best, plan for the
dialog: worst, Cahill.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Don't sweat it, they're all
text: high-impact, close-quarter
dialog: weapons.
text: A warning light flashes on, announced by a BUZZER. The
text: pilot's voice is heard.
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: Target acquisition, twenty-five
text: miles and closing. Initiating
dialog: approach system. Stand by.
text: The men quickly stow their equipment, putting on their
text: closed-circuit communications units, consisting of
text: headsets and microphones. Cahill nervously motions to
text: Travis, and Grant to approach the cockpit.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
text: Once the tunnel is pressurized,
dialog: I'll open the hatch to the 747.
dialog: When you're inside, I'll go back
dialog: up and lock it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
text: Travis interrupts.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
text: As soon as the hatch to the 747 is
text: open, an alarm will activate in the
dialog: cockpit. We have to lock off that
dialog: switch within seconds or run the
dialog: risk of being discovered. Just
dialog: explain the procedure to Baker...
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (adamant )
dialog: You don't understand. Opening the
dialog: final hatch is complicated, every
dialog: phase critical. I can't just tell
dialog: someone how to do it. Unless I
dialog: can ascertain that the seal is at
dialog: the proper vacuum, you may not have
dialog: any mission left to accomplish.
text: Travis considers this, Grant carefully studying him.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Okay, Cahill. You make your
text: inspection and open the hatches.
dialog: But Baker is going to be right
dialog: there behind you. As soon as the
dialog: 747 is open, you haul ass inside
dialog: so Baker can lock off that switch.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Then, when we're on board, you can
dialog: climb back down and close the
dialog: hatch.
text: Cahill is obviously not pleased with the idea of going on
text: board the 747, even for a few minutes, but Travis has the
dialog: final word.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: All right, but while the pressure
text: locks are open, both planes are
dialog: vulnerable to explosive
dialog: decompression. Move fast. This
dialog: was designed to be carried out
text: with both planes on automatic
dialog: pilot.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Add it to the list.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 64
text: The pilot's voice breaks in.
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
text: Target sighted, initiating approach
text: on infra-red.
text: They move forward into the cockpit.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 65
text: Through the windshield can be seen the 747 as the
text: delivery plane approaches from the rear.
text: The CO-PILOT pulls down a transparent screen, covering
text: the mid-section of the windshield. He activates an
text: infra-red viewing field, revealing the wind-foil patterns
text: flowing over the wings and along the body of the 747,
text: leaving streaming contrails in its wake, the engines
text: glowing red-black.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
text: An infra-red imaging device. The
dialog: air flow of heated molecular
text: particles, surrounding the plane.
text: Suddenly the plane pitches and rocks, encountering a
text: pattern of turbulence as they enter the wake of the 747.
text: Moments later, as if through parting clouds, we see a
text: channel appear, a clear spot underneath the belly of the
dialog: plane.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: There, the 'sweet-spot.' A valley
text: of dead air, like the eye of a
dialog: hurricane.
text: They stare in awe as the tiny plane is slowly engulfed
text: by the huge mass of the 747 above it.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - NOSE - DAY 66
text: MOVING DOWN the cockpit of the massive hull, seeing the
text: crew inside, PANNING ACROSS the nose of the plane and
dialog: below.
text: Slowly, appearing from below, the delivery plane, dwarfed
text: by the huge 747, RISES INTO VIEW, moving forward.
speaker_heading: 66A
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: 67A
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - 747 - DAY 66A
text: The flight crew quietly monitoring the aircraft's con-
text: trols and instruments as the craft is buffeted by tur-
text: bulence, the terroist guard seated directly behind the
text: captain on a jump seat. The plane is on automatic pilot,
text: the crew totally unaware of the delivery plane's
dialog: presence.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - BELLY SIDEVIEW - DAY 67
text: The delivery plane pulls forward into position,
text: approaching the nose area. Suddenly, the two planes are
text: hit by turbulence, the 747 surging downward, the delivery
text: plane darting quickly away.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DELIVERY PLANE 67A
text: The pilot and co-pilot maneuver the tiny plane into posi-
text: tion beneath the 747. Despite their obvious skill with
text: the aircraft, they are both incredibly tense, the opera-
dialog: tion requiring dead on, precision flying.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN AREA - DAY 68
text: As it is hit by turbulence, the PARTITIONS, CABINETS
text: RATTLING with the shock. Ali Hassan looks around him,
text: a worried look on his face. Suddenly the plane is hit
text: again, Ali buckling at the knees, nearly falling. He
text: grabs a cabin phone, beads of sweat forming on his face.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Ahmed. Order the pilot to climb
text: out of this turbulence, immediately.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 69
text: The TERRORIST hangs up the phone, turning to the Captain.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: Begin an ascent to thirty-six
text: thousand feet.
text: The Captain turns to the FLIGHT ENGINEER.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Turn on the radar.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: No, no radar. Just climb.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 69
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: To do that, we'll need radar.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: No radar!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I'm still the captain of this
dialog: plane and the safety of these
dialog: passengers is my first concern.
dialog: I'm not climbing into another air
text: corridor without radar.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: You will obey!
text: The Terrorist COCKS his PISTOL, leveling it at the
text: pilot's head.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Then you'd better shoot.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Better yet, you know all about
dialog: this plane, you do it.
text: The Terrorist hesitates, staring at the pilot.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 70
text: Recovering from the turbulent air, the PILOT begins yet
text: another approach. The delivery plane eases toward the
text: belly of the 757, filling the windshield. Suddenly the
text: 747 drops, the Pilot jerking hard on the yoke, darting
text: the agile craft away from the plunging mass above them.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: May have enough fuel for one more
dialog: pass. We should break off, find
dialog: the tanker and refuel. Your call,
dialog: Colonel, but make it quick.
text: Travis looks back at Baker who consults his tac-board.
text: He shakes his head, no. Travis turns back to the Pilot.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Stick it.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: All right, hold on.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DAY 71
text: The delivery plane pulls back into position.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: 74zA
dialog: 75
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 72
text: The Pilot holding steady, the belly of the 747 filling
text: the windshield.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Extend the sleeve.
text: Cahill, now seated at his work station beside the hatch,
text: activates a lever, the SOUND of HISSING AIR as the
text: hydraulic pumps are switched on.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DAY 73
text: The docking tower begins to rise from the delivery
text: plane, extending toward the belly of the 747, a laser-
text: beam sighting device scanning along the skin of the plane.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 74
text: Cahill, at his station, is looking through a viewer while
text: grasping a control-stick in one hand.
scene_heading: POV - BELLY OF 747 SEEN THROUGH VIEWER 74A
text: Powerful lights play along the hull as the delivery plane
text: moves forward. A small hatch appears in the viewer. As
text: the hatch is centered, a red-targeting grid appears over
text: the hatch. A BEEP is heard.
speaker_heading: CAHILL (V.O.)
dialog: Steady... steady. You're right
dialog: on it... activated!
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 75
text: On the screen in the dashboard a target-image appears, a
text: read-out at the edges indicating closing speed and
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: I have the target. Prepare for
dialog: link-up and lock.
text: ON the screen, the target grows closer as the Pilot
text: ‘lands' the plane into the belly of the 747.
text: The PILOT'S VOICE cracks over the speaker.
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: Engage! Auto-pilot on.
text: Cahill instantly pulls a lever, the SOUND of powerful
text: SUCTION-PUMPS being activated, filling the cabin.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER - DAY 76
text: As the pumps are engaged, the thick, neoprene collar
text: draws down tight against the skin of the 747.
scene_heading: INT. 747 MAIN CABIN - DAY 77
text: As another wave of turbulence hits, Ali again grabs the
text: phone. He is obviously very worried about something.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Why are we not climbing!
text: He listens, his face incensed at what he hears. He slams
text: down the phone, moving towards the front, passengers
text: reacting with new alarm to the heavy buffeting the plane
dialog: is receiving at times.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN AREA - DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 78
text: Cahill quickly reads a series of gauges on the tower,
text: indicating pressure lock at 5,000 HG IN. A HISS of AIR
text: as he throws a switch, pressurizing the tunnel.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
text: Primary tunnel is pressurized and
dialog: stable. I'm going up.
text: Travis motions to Baker who moves up behind Cahill,
text: Baker holding a stainless steel clip in his hand.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: (to Cahill)
text: As soon as that final hatch is
dialog: open, get the hell out of the way.
text: Cahill nods, then cautiously releases the locking device
text: on the hatch. He pushes it upward, securing it, exposing
text: the interior of the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. DOCKING TUNNEL - DAY 79
text: Cahill climbs up the interior ladder. At the top of the
text: tunnel is a second pressure hatch, isolating the outside
text: collar and the skin of the 747. This section as well as
text: the hatch is made of clear, plastic, enabling Cahill to
text: physically examine the suction pumps outside.
text: Cahill studies a series of pressure and vacuum gauges and
text: then using a flashlight, inspects the suction pumps,
text: verifying that there is a complete seal with the skin of
dialog: the 747.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 79
text: Just below him, Baker clings to the ladder, poised, ready
dialog: to move.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (tense)
dialog: Seal looks good. I'm equalizing
text: the outer chamber.
text: Carefully he opens a bleed valve, a HISS of AIR as the
text: final link is pressurized. Cahill studies the gauges,
text: consulting his watch. Taking a deep breath, he gently
text: opens the final hatch, swinging it down into the chamber.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: I'm opening the hatch...
text: He opens the hatch, revealing the belly of the 747 and
text: the avionics hatch, surrounded by the heavy neoprene
text: vacuum-collar. Cahill releases the locking device on
text: the 747 hatch, lowering it into the tunnel. Quickly,
text: urged by Baker, he scrambles up the ladder and inside
text: the 747 as Baker follows, quickly placing the steel clip
text: over a switch, closing it.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 80
text: A flashing yellow light on the dash winks off. The
text: First Officer thumps it with his finger.
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER
dialog: Short.
scene_heading: INT. 747 AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 81
text: Running crosswise to the plane, the nerve-center of the
text: aircraft housing the flight recorder, transmitters,
text: receivers and the main electrical connectors. Cahill
text: climbs into the room, reaching down to grab a bag.
text: Below, Travis stands at the ladder, directing the
text: boarding. Grant follows Baker, who has already begun
text: attaching a series of electrical leads to the ship's
text: power supply in preparation for his equipment. Seconds
text: later, Rat scrambles into the room, followed by Charlie.
text: But as Charlie enters the hatch, his pack catches on the
text: clip securing the warning switch, the clip falling unseen
text: into the door frame.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - FORWARD SECTION - DAY 82
text: Hassan walks towards first class and the stairway.
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: thru
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 83
text: The light on the dash winks on again, catching the
text: attention of the Captain and First Officer. The
text: Terrorist guard, standing behind them, still holding
text: a gun on the pilot, also notices the light.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: What is that light?
text: The First Officer thumps it with his finger.
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER
text: Warning light, indicating an open
text: hatch in the avionics room.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Which is impossible with the plane
text: pressurized. Must be a short.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: Where is this room?
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER
text: About ten feet below us.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 84
text: Rat grabs a case from the tunnel, swinging it inside.
text: As he turns back he sees the open switch on the hatch.
text: Frantically he searches for the clip, finding it in the
text: doorframe. Digging it out with his fingers, he replaces
text: it over the switch. He looks up at the ceiling as if in
dialog: anticipation...
speaker_heading: OMITTED 85
dialog: thru
dialog: 87
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DAY 88
text: The yellow light on the dash winks off again.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Off again. Got to be a short.
text: Just then the plane is buffeted by turbulence, Ali
text: stumbling into the room. He seems highly agitated.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Why are we not climbing?!
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: 89A
speaker_heading: 89B
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: 90A
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 89
text: The team waits a moment for the buffeting to cease and
text: then Charlie reaches down into the tunnel, pulling up one
dialog: of the electronics cases.
text: Cappy has just cleared the hatch and is starting to rise
text: to his feet, both hands on equipment bags, when the PLANE
text: is HIT by windshear, a sudden and VIOLENT SHOCK as the
text: plane falls several hundred feet before it bottoms out
text: on solid air.
text: With the impact, Rat is thrown off balance, his body
text: slamming into Cappy, sending him airborne across the
text: narrow room.
scene_heading: CAPPY'S POV OF ROOM 89A
text: A DIZZYING RAPID DOLLY TOWARDS an electrical panel con-
text: taining the high voltage bus bars and circuit breakers
text: for the aircraft's heavy electrical system.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE 89B
text: Cappy, arms forward, smashes into panel, his right hand
text: splintering a plastic safety cover protecting a huge,
text: high voltage fuse, a blinding EXPLOSION of sparks and
text: flames as his hand hits the fuse. Instantly, Cappy is
text: blown backwards, the back of his neck slamming into the
text: corner of a steel equipment rack. He falls to the floor,
text: his hand smoking, his sleeve on fire.
text: Baker leaps on Cappy, smothering the fire with his body,
text: Cappy's face in contorted, agonizing pain, barely resist-
text: ing the primitive urge to scream.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 90
text: As the Flight Engineer throws a series of switches, pro-
text: viding backup power to the cabin lights, blown by the
dialog: fuse.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: What the hell...
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ENGINEER
dialog: Damned if I know. We blew
dialog: something big.
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY PLANE - CARGO AREA - DAY 90A
text: A MASSIVE SHOCK hits the plane, knocking Catman, and
text: Doc to the floor. Travis looks up into the tunnel, be-
text: ginning to climb.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: 90B INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 90B
text: The Captain is arguing with Ali Hassan.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: «+. I'm telling you, without radar
dialog: I can't climb into another corridor
text: filled with east-bound traffic.
dialog: But if we hit another pocket of
dialog: windsheer, we could fall ten,
dialog: twenty thousand feet...
text: As another wave of TURBULENCE HITS, Hassan looks around
text: him, at the airframe and then to the pilots.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: Climb. Turn the radar on.
text: Suddenly the other Terrorist interjects.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: (subtitles)
text: Ali. It's a trick. We turn on
dialog: the radar, they can find us.
dialog: They'll discover us when we turn
dialog: back. The plan was not to...
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: (to Captain)
dialog: Climb. Now. Turn on the radar.
text: The Flight Engineer switches on the radar. Ali's lieu-
dialog: tenant is obviously enraged at this infringement of their
dialog: plans.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Stand-by, we're climbing...
text: He begins to pull back on the controls...
scene_heading: 91 INT. COCKPIT - DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 91
text: As a WARNING BUZZER SOUNDS. The Pilot checks his
dialog: instruments.
speaker_heading: PILOT
text: Load on the sleeve increasing...
dialog: Jesus, they're climbing!
text: He grabs the stick...
speaker_heading: 91A
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY 91A
text: Travis, nearing the top of the tunnel when the PLANE is
text: HIT by a sudden buffeting, knocking him from the ladder,
text: just as two of the heavy equipment cases fall from above,
text: wedging in the tunnel just above him.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 92
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 93
text: A SHRILL ALARM sounds as the plane pitches violently to
text: starboard.
speaker_heading: CO-PILOT
dialog: We're losing pressure on number
dialog: six pump. Go with him, keep
dialog: climbing!
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DAY 94
text: The delivery plane sags sharply to starboard, STRESSING
text: the sleeve and the docking seal. The PLANE begins to
text: BUFFET and CHATTER wildly.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 95
text: Grant, nearest the tunnel, struggles to pull the cases
text: from the tunnel when there is a LOUD HISSING of AIR as
text: one of the pumps begins to fail. Cahill pushes his way
text: INTO the SCENE, looking down into the tunnel.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (panic)
dialog: We're losing the seal! Hurry!
text: With a combined effort, Charlie, Rat and Grant, pull
text: the gear from the tunnel and onto the floor, as Cahill
text: stares into the tunnel, frozen, listening to the increas-
text: ed VOLUME of HISSING.
text: Grant frees the last of the gear, seeing Travis, fighting
text: to climb up the ladder. Grant extends his arm.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Colonel!
text: The HISSING INCREASES, the seal threatening to go. Travis
text: looks up, realizing...
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Close the hatch!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 95
text: Grant hesitates, still extending his arm.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: We're losing it! Close the
dialog: god-damned hatch...
text: With the SCREAM of the failing SEAL increasing by the
text: second, Travis scrambles down the tunnel...
scene_heading: INT. CABIN DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 96
text: Travis at the bottom of the tunnel, grabs for the hatch
text: when ANOTHER BUFFETING knocks him aside. He recovers,
text: grabbing the release. As he does he looks up, eyes
text: locking with Grant's, a frozen moment, a look from Travis
text: as if he were entrusting the rest of the mission to Grant.
dialog: And then...
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Close the hatch!!!
text: Hesitant but obeying, Grant reaches down, closing the
dialog: hatch to the 747...
text: But as Travis pulls the lower hatched closed, the delivery
text: plane pulls free from the 747.
text: The escaping pressure turns into a SCREAM of AIR, followed
text: by a THUNDEROUS EXPLOSION that rips through the plane.
text: As the tower tears loose, the implosion sucks Travis
text: through the tower as if a leaf in a gale.
scene_heading: EXT. DELIVERY PLANE - DAY 97
text: Pulls violently away from the 747 and begins to tumble
text: out-of-control as it falls a thousand feet, the TOWER
text: RIPPING apart, followed by one of the wings. An instant
text: later, the plane disintegrates.
scene_heading: EXT. E2-HAWKEYE RADAR PLANE - DAY 98
text: Flying on station, tracking the 747 and the delivery
text: plane. We GO IN ON the revolving radar dish.
scene_heading: INT. E2-HAWKEYE RADAR CENTER - DAY 99
text: An OPERATOR sits in front of a radar screen, surrounded
text: by a complex array of radar equipment. On the screen
text: we see the strong, steady blip of the 747, and the fading
text: blip of the delivery plane.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 99
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: They're gone.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - OPERATIONS CENTER - DAY 100
text: The crisis team is fixated on the overhead screen,
text: plotting the course of the two planes, the course of the
text: delivery plane fading, dropping away. In a moment it
text: blinks from the screen.
text: A RADIO TRANSMISSION from the E2 breaks the stunned
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: E2-OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Castle Rock, this is Big Eye-6.
dialog: We have lost all contact with Hail
dialog: Mary.
text: The Major-General picks up the microphone.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Big Eye-6, this is Castle Rock.
dialog: Was delivery accomplished?
speaker_heading: E2-OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Castle Rock, I can't say. Hail
dialog: Mary was attempting delivery when
dialog: contact was lost.
text: A moment of silence, broken by the Director's voice.
speaker_heading: DCI
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Something must have failed with
text: the airlock and they depressurized.
text: Kaplan turns away from the overhead screen, his eyes
text: cold and hard. He addresses the Admiral.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Where is the Task Force, Admiral?
text: The Admiral points to a location on the situation board.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
dialog: Carrier Task Force Six has been
text: diverted and is heading towards
text: an intercept point in the Atlantic.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Go to Red Alert. Contact the
dialog: President.
text: He looks up at the situation board, at the flashing dot,
text: advancing steadily onward towards the United States.
speaker_heading: 100A
speaker_heading: 100B
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. 747 AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 100A
text: Cappy is lying on the floor, his face covered in sweat,
text: writhing in pain as Baker carefully sprays antiseptic
text: over Cappy's burned hand and forearm, wrapping the area
text: with gauze bandages.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Best I can do for now. I've got
dialog: some morphine, take care of that
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: No... Might need me... Got to stay
dialog: awake...
text: But as Baker moves Cappy's arm across his chest to
text: isolate it, Cappy inhales sharply in pain.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Baker... My neck. Whole left
text: sife... burns like acid.
dialog: (moves fingers of
dialog: left hand)
dialog: All down my arm...
text: Alarmed, Baker carefully feels behind Cappy's neck,
text: gingerly palpitating down his neck, stopping at a point
text: near the shoulder blades. Cappy again winces, nearly
text: fainting from the pain.
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: There's a depression, a deformity
dialog: of C-7...
dialog: (looks up)
text: He's got a fractured vertebrae.
dialog: We've got to immobilize him.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - COCKPIT - DAY 100B
text: The Flight Engineer is patiently trying to explain to
text: Ali his need to go into the avionics room.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ENGINEER
dialog: We don't know what happened. But
dialog: I've got to go down there, check
dialog: it out. We could have a fire,
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Where is this room?
text: The Engineer points to a hatch on the floor near the
text: rear of the cockpit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 100B
speaker_heading: 100C
speaker_heading: 100D
speaker_heading: 100E
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100B
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ENGINEER
text: About ten feet below us.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Go ahead.
text: The Engineer opens the hatch, peering down the narrow
text: ten foot shaft, leading through the stairwell bulkhead
text: and into the avionics room.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 100C
text: With the hatch above them open, light streaming down
text: from above, the men move rapidly for cover, Cappy left
text: where he lays, hidden in the shadows. Anxious looks from
text: the men as they draw their weapons.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 100D
text: The Flight Engineer descends into the tunnel, Ali
text: standing over him, a flashlight in his hand, the
text: Terrorist Guard pointing a gun at him. The Engineer
text: looks at the gun.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ENGINEER
dialog: Relax. I'm not going anywhere.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 100E
text: The Engineer enters the darkened, cramped room, moving
text: towards the electrical panel. He shines a tiny flash-
text: light on the broken fuse cover, examining the destruction
text: with a puzzled look. Suddenly he grows wary, slowly
text: turning, looking down at the floor, into the shadows and
text: Cappy's sweating, pain-racked face. He's about to speak
text: when he looks up, directly into Rat's face, a pistol
text: pointed at him. Dumbstruck the Engineer watches as Rat
text: indicates silence, then points to the small American Flag
text: on his shoulder.
text: The Engineer looks around, seeing other faces, staring
text: at him, weapons pointed.
text: Rat gestures to the panel, then upwards towards the cock-
text: pit, as if to say, "Hurry up."
text: The Engineer turns back, throwing a switch, replaces the
text: fuse, then restores the power to the fuse. Again, Rat
text: gestures for silence, offering the “okay" sign. The
text: Engineer numbly nods his understanding and moves back to
text: the ladder. He looks up into the cockpit, Ali standing
text: above, shining a flashlight on him. The Engineer climbs
dialog: the ladder.
speaker_heading: 100F
dialog: 101
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - COCKPIT - DAY 100F
text: The Engineer enters the room, closing the hatch. The
text: Pilot turns.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Everything okay down there?
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ENGINEER
dialog: Huh? Oh, yeah. Just a blown fuse.
dialog: Must have been the turbulence.
text: The Pilot seems puzzled by this but the Engineer turns
text: and sits at his station, staring at his instruments, still
text: in shock at what he has just seen below.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 101
text: Cappy has been strapped to a blackboard made from a bulk-
text: head panel. Cahill, looking pale and stunned, watches
text: with Grant as Rat and Charlie hold Cappy's head as Baker
text: places a makeshift cervical collar of foam insulation
text: around Cappy's neck. Baker then carefully tapes Cappy's
text: head and shoulders to the blackboard. Cappy closes his
text: eyes, resting.
text: A silence descends on the tiny room.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: What about Travis, the others?
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (numb)
text: The plane depressurized. At this
dialog: altitude,, the airframe would
text: have collapsed, like an egg shell.
dialog: They couldn't have...
text: The team is silent, stunned by the reality of their
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Now what? We've got no radio,
dialog: half the equipment...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We're fucked, that's what.
text: Cahill suddenly panics.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: They don't know we're here.
dialog: Think we're all dead...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: 101
speaker_heading: CAHILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: They're going to blow us out of
dialog: the sky!
text: Cahill turns to them, panic filling his face.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: We have to negotiate with them.
dialog: Tell them they know about their
dialog: plot, they'll never let them reach
dialog: the United States. It's our only
dialog: chance.
text: Rat, assessing their situation, speaks up.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: I'm in charge, Cahill. Sit down
dialog: and shut up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There's only one thing we can do.
dialog: Take over the plane, let them know
dialog: we're in command and then land it
dialog: some place safe. As planned.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: Look at you. There's nothing
dialog: left. You've got no chance.
dialog: We're the only ones who know
dialog: they aren't going to make it.
dialog: They have to listen...
text: Rat reaches out, grabbing Cahill by the shirt, yanking
text: him forward, nose to nose.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: Get a grip, Cahill.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We're all in the this together,
dialog: so just hang with us and do what
dialog: you're told. Now sit your ass
dialog: down and stay put.
text: Stunned but under control, Cahill nods, Rat releasing
dialog: him.
text: Silence settles over the room, the men now realizing
dialog: there is but one choice facing them.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: All right. We need to know how
dialog: many, where they are, how they're
dialog: armed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 101
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 101
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: We should set up the probes,
dialog: mikes.
dialog: (nods to Grant)
dialog: Let the Captain here have a
dialog: listen. Could be a dozen of them,
dialog: we don't know.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Okay. What's left of the gear?
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Not much. No radio, scanners,
text: sleep agent, only half the weapons.
dialog: We've got fiber optic probes and
text: mikes, infra-red goggles, bomb
dialog: kit. That's it.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: And no one to fly the plane.
dialog: What's our time frame?
text: Baker consults a Plexiglass card, three analog watches
dialog: indicating elapsed time; time on board; time to fail
text: safe, the sweep hands moving at steady, unstoppable
dialog: speed.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Unless a change in speed and
dialog: course, we've got three hours
text: and forty-eight minutes.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: All right. We figure out where
dialog: they are, how to hit ‘em.
text: He points to the power control boxes on the bulkheads.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Power for lights, everything is
dialog: right here. We blow the lights,
dialog: use infra-red to hit ‘em hard
text: while they're still surprised.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let's get started.
text: Again, Grant's cautious warning sounds out.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You're forgetting something.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 101
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: The bomb.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: We'll worry about that after we
dialog: take the plane. We can't spare
dialog: the time to look for it.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I don't think you can afford not
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Let's get one thing straight,
dialog: Captain. You're still along as
dialog: an advisor. Stick with the
dialog: interpreting. When I need your
dialog: opinion, you'll know it.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It's more complicated than chain
dialog: of command. Finding that bomb
dialog: is just as important, maybe more,
dialog: than taking over this plane.
dialog: Think about it.
text: From his stretcher, Cappy calls out.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: He's right. Got to know if
text: there's a bomb.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Could be a pressure switch, timer.
dialog: Try to land the plane, change
dialog: altitude, anything could set it
dialog: off. Don't know what you're
dialog: dealing with. Got to find it.
text: The men look to Rat for a decision. Rat looks at Cappy,
text: then to Grant. He nods.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: We'll look for it while we're
text: setting up. Charlie, tools and
dialog: bomb kit. Get started.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DAY 102
text: Moves silently above the clouds, 36,000 feet above the
dialog: Atlantic.
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 103
text: The Flight Engineer is staring at the hatch on the floor,
text: leading to the Avionics Room. He looks up at the
text: terrorist guard in the doorway and then to the pilots, a
text: look of frustration on his face. He's dying to tell them.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 104
text: Rat, reaching the bulkhead leading to the forward galley,
text: uses a pair of hydraulically powered shears to cut
text: through the wall.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD GALLEY - DAY 105
text: Carefully pushing aside the bulkhead, Rat, gun in hand,
text: enters the galley. Seeing the blanket on the floor, he
text: pulls it back, finding the dead attendant. He replaces
text: the blanket, going to the elevator door, carefully
text: opening it. Seeing that the lift is above him on the
text: main cabin level, he begins to cut the rivet heads from
text: the floor using his shears.
scene_heading: INT. NOSE OF PLANE - BELOW FIRST CLASS - DAY 106
text: Where Baker, using a heavily padded, nearly silent
text: ELECTRIC DRILL, bores a tiny hole into the ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CABIN - NOSE SECTION - DAY 107
text: CLOSE ON a section of carpet as the ceramic tip of the
text: drill silently emerges at a forward angle. As we PULL
text: BACK, we realize that the drill has just missed the boot
text: of one of the terrorist guards. An inch in the other
dialog: direction...
scene_heading: INT. NOSE OF PLANE - BELOW FIRST CLASS - DAY 108
text: Removing the ceramic bit, Baker inserts into one of the
text: two holes he has drilled a spike microphone and into the
text: other, a fiber-optic probe. He plugs the microphone into
dialog: his com-unit.
text: On the viewscope he sees two huge boots, grossly
text: distorted by the wide-angle lens.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: 110A
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 108
text: A moment later, the boots move forward, the form of the
text: terrorist revealed as he walks past the passengers,
text: pausing at the work station by the staircase leading to
text: the upper level.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: Got one. First class cabin. W.2Z.
text: 63 machine gun, grenade, and 9mm
dialog: pistol.
text: As he continues to watch, the terrorist from the cockpit,
text: descends the staircase to talk. Baker switches on a tiny
text: bug mike and we faintly hear the CONVERSATION in ARABIC...
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 109
text: Grant is seated before a fold-out, portable control panel,
text: a series of lights and switches indicating the various
text: locations of the highly sensitive spike mikes. Grant
text: writes: "First Class" on a piece of tape, sticking it on
text: the board. He listens to the conversation in Arabic.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (to headset)
dialog: Sounds like one more on guard in
text: the upstairs cockpit and business
dialog: class area.
scene_heading: INT. OVERHEAD SECTION - DAY (MINUTES LATER) 110
text: Where Rat, suspended upside-down, attached to a special
text: harness to a thin cable, strung the entire length of the
text: plane, pulls himself along on silent rollers, a human
text: gondola. The air temperature is cold enough to fog the
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (to headset)
dialog: Okay, I'll check it out. I'm at
dialog: mid-cabin. Hold on...
text: He stops, twisting to his side, pushing the viewscope
text: probe and mike through a joint in one of the ceiling
dialog: panels.
scene_heading: RAT'S POV OF THE CABIN BELOW 110A
text: Seen through the wide-angle lens, the rows of passengers
text: directly below him. The probe moves, revealing more
text: sections of the cabin, holding on the mid-section galley
text: area where four terrorists, including Ali Hassan, are
text: gathered, listening to the SHORT-WAVE and MILITARY RADIOS.
speaker_heading: 110B
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: thru
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: 116A
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE 110B
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (to headset)
text: Four in the main cabin, listening
text: to a radio. Two others, in the
text: aisles. Machine guns, side arms,
dialog: grenades.
scene_heading: AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 111
text: Grant is now listening to the conversations in Arabic
text: from the mid-cabin area.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (to headset)
dialog: They're waiting for a report on
text: Jaffa's takeoff from London.
dialog: Sounds like they'll contact them
text: on their own frequency.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 112
dialog: thru
dialog: 116
scene_heading: INT. MID-CABIN WORK STATION - DAY 116A
text: Fran enters and begins preparing coffee. She removes a
text: packet of coffee from a drawer, dumping the old coffee
text: filter in the trash. She searches for a new filter, and
text: finding none, reaches to an overhead cabinet, opening it.
text: As she does, Ali's coat, hung over the aprons, falls to
text: the floor. As she bends to pick it up, a folded map falls
text: to the floor. Fran can see that it is an aeronautical
text: navigation map, part of the Washington, D.C. area exposed.
text: Cautiously Fran opens the map, seeing an air corridor
text: approaching the Washington airport where the White House
text: and other government buildings are located, heavily
text: circled in red marker, the notation: "2,000 feet," in
dialog: handwriting.
text: She studies the map and then carefully refolds it,
text: replacing it in the inside pocket. As she stands, Ali
text: walks into the room. Fran looks at the coat.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm sorry. It fell when I opened
dialog: the cabinet.
dialog: (gestures to open
dialog: cabinet)
dialog: I was getting some coffee filters.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 116A
dialog: 117
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 116A
text: He reaches out, taking the coat. He checks inside,
text: seeing the tip of the map in the inside pocket. He
text: reaches to his waistband, his hand closing on the handle
text: of his pistol, the move hidden by the coat.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: How are the passengers? Are they
dialog: comfortable?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: They're... very scared, but under
dialog: the circumstances doing well.
text: Ali's eyes, probing, searching.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: It's important they remain calm.
dialog: Is there anything they need?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No. They just want this to be
text: over with.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Soon enough. A few more hours. I
dialog: will share something with you, but
dialog: it must remain between us.
dialog: (studying her)
dialog: When we land... in London. We
dialog: will be releasing the women and
dialog: children.
text: Fran stares at him, knowing this is a lie.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: That would be very kind.
text: He studies at her a long moment, then removes his hand
text: from the gun, folding the coat.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I'm keeping you from your work.
text: He turns and leaves. Fran stares ahead, her hands
text: trembling. She knows something horrible is going to
dialog: happen with this highjacking and she has to do something.
text: But what? She sees the empty clipboard where the manifest
text: had been, thinks, and then removes from her apron her
text: ballpoint pen.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 117
text: The air temperature also cold enough to fog the breath.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: 117A
dialog: 118
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 117
text: Charlie, using a sophisticated array of bomb detection
dialog: equipment to locate the presence of explosives and
text: magnetic and electrical fields, makes his way over the
text: tops of the baggage containers. He stops, carefully
text: moving one of the probes over a container. He adjusts
text: the sensitivity of the instrument and then keys his mike.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to headset)
text: Rat. Forward baggage compartment.
dialog: Got something.
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I'm on my way.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - DAY 117A
text: Fran walks down the aisle, stopping at a seat. Fora
text: moment, all we see are the brown leather boots of the
dialog: Air Marshal.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I believe you're next, sir.
text: The AIR MARSHAL, early 30s, mustache, dark hair, looks
text: up, puzzled.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: The bathrooms. You're next.
text: Something in her eyes.
speaker_heading: AIR MARSHAL
dialog: Thank you.
text: As he rises she moves away, face close to his, whisper-
text: ing, barely audible.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Razor blades...
text: She turns to the passenger across the aisle, leaving the
text: Marshal bewildered over her phrase as he heads down the
dialog: aisle.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DAY 118
text: As we TRACK ALONGSIDE the massive airframe, HOLDING ON
text: the section just aft of the wing juncture.
dialog: 119
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 119
text: We MOVE ACROSS the tops of baggage containers, barely two
text: feet of clearance overhead. Tiny lights have been
text: clipped to the ceiling, illuminating the darkened room
text: with red light.
text: We ARRIVE at a container, opened up like a soup can,
text: baggage strewn everywhere. Overhead lights illuminate
text: the open container as if it were the crater at Tycho in
text: 2001. Inside is Rat and Charlie. Charlie examines some-
text: thing in the container with his detector.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Almost missed it. Reading was
dialog: less than one part in two million.
text: Inside we see a dismantled wooden packing crate, revealing
text: a three-tiered object, at the bottom of which are two
text: rows of double-ended bottles, two feet long, six inches
text: in diameter, stacked two deep, a total of 12 bottles.
text: The surface of the bottles is a shiny, metallic material,
text: like mirrored sunglasses. Strapped to the canisters
text: with stainless steel bands, is a black metal box, two
text: feet high.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Whatever it is, it's sittin' on
dialog: enough Semtex to fuck up your
dialog: whole day.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Let's do it.
text: Using a hand-powered drill, Rat carefully drills a tiny
text: hole into the case. He attaches a fiber-optic probe,
text: peering through the eyepiece. He looks up.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Take a look.
text: Charlie uses the probe to examine the container. He
text: looks up, confused.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Way out of my league.
text: Rat studies the interior again, thinks a moment and then
text: keys his mike.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: Captain, you know anything about
dialog: bombs?
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: 120A
speaker_heading: 120B
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 120
text: Grant at the com-board, listening to Rat.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: A lot of theory.
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: There's something I want you to
dialog: look at -- forward baggage
dialog: compartment.
scene_heading: INT. REAR OF PLANE - DAY 120A
text: The Air Marshal waits near the bathrooms, a Terrorist
text: on guard. A passenger leaves one of the bathrooms, the
text: Guard gesturing to the Marshal to enter.
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: Thirty seconds.
text: The Marshal enters, attempting to close the door, the
text: Guard shoving his foot INTO the FRAME.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Leave it open.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY 120B
text: Leaving the door slightly ajar, the Marshal faces the
text: toilet, eyes searching the room, focusing on the tiny
text: sign near the sink: "DISPOSE OF RAZOR BLADES HERE."
text: Still facing the toilet he opens the tiny disposal box,
text: removing a folded slip of paper. He reads:
dialog: “Plane going to Wash. D.C. Target
dialog: White House. Do something."
text: Behind him the DOOR EXPLODES OPEN, the Marshal dropping
dialog: the paper into the toilet...
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: Too long! Back to your seat!
text: The Marshal bends to flush, the note stuck to the bowl
text: near the top. He FLUSHES, the water flowing over the
text: note, still stuck. He FLUSHES AGAIN...
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: Out!
text: The Terrorist yanks the Marshal around, just as the
text: water catches the paper, swirling it down the toilet.
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 121
text: Grant eases into the pit, replacing Charlie. He takes
text: the probe from Rat, studying the interior of the bomb a
text: moment before standing. He looks puzzled, very worried.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You'd better get Cappy.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: We can't move him.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I don't think you've got any other
dialog: choice.
text: Rat considers this and then nods to Charlie.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON WAITING ROOM - DAY 122
text: The Arab Diplomat and an Assistant are in the room. The
text: Secretary of State, the DCI and Kaplan enter the room.
text: The Diplomat hands a document to Kaplan who grimly reads
dialog: its contents.
speaker_heading: ARAB DIPLOMAT
text: The man who designed the bomb is
dialog: most probably Jean-Paul Demou.
dialog: That's a recent photograph. He's
dialog: French, nuclear engineer, once
text: assigned to a reactor plant in
dialog: Damascus, Syria. His wife, a
dialog: Syrian national, was killed during
text: an Israeli attack on the plant,
dialog: three years ago.
text: Kaplan hands the document to the DCI then offers his
dialog: hand to the Arab.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Thank you for your help. Please
dialog: excuse me.
text: He takes the two men aside.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: It's confirmed.
speaker_heading: DCI
text: Twelve canisters and at least
dialog: fifteen pounds of plastic
dialog: explosives. We're dealing with a
dialog: potential kill-factor of a low-
dialog: yield nuclear weapon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 122
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF STATE
dialog: Then we have no other choice.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: As per the orders of the President,
dialog: instruct Admiral Crosby to go to
text: full alert. When he's in range,
text: he's to launch his strike aircraft.
dialog: Authorize the press release for
dialog: the B.B.C. as per Ali's
dialog: instructions.
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF STATE
dialog: If we have to shoot down the 747,
dialog: why release Jaffa at all?
speaker_heading: DCI
dialog: We have to take Ali's word that
dialog: there will be more bombings in
dialog: London if he's not airborne by
dialog: three.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Contact Ambassador Hennings in
dialog: London. I want to deliver a
dialog: message to Jaffa. I want him to
dialog: negotiate with Ali Hassan. Tell
dialog: him we know of Ali's plot, that
dialog: we will exchange the lives of the
dialog: passengers for Ali's, if he will
text: divert to an isolated airbase.
dialog: Jaffa's the only one who knows the
dialog: frequencies to contact Ali.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm not giving up on those four
dialog: hundred Americans. That madman is
dialog: our last avenue of hope. We've
dialog: got to try.
scene_heading: INT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER - HANGAR DECK - DAY 123
text: Somewhere in the Atlantic. Several F-14's are being
text: readied for flight, deadly Sidewinder missiles fitted
text: to their racks, magazines of .20MM cannon rounds loaded
dialog: into place.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 124
text: Baker, Charlie, Rat and Cahill carefully move the
text: makeshift stretcher with Cappy strapped in place, over
text: the tops of the baggage containers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: 124A
speaker_heading: 124B
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
text: Working on hands and knees, they lift, move and pass the
text: stretcher along, straining and sweating in the close
text: confinement. The stretcher is placed alongside the open
text: container, Cappy grimacing in pain from the movement.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Sorry to do this to you, Cappy.
dialog: But we've got a bad one here.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It's some form of computer
dialog: controlled triggering device, very
dialog: sophisticated.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: Let me have a look.
text: Baker attaches a second eyepiece to the unit, holding
text: one to Cappy's eye as he squeezes the trigger. Grant
text: observes the interior along with Cappy.
scene_heading: CAPPY'S POV - INT. BOMB 124A
text: In the eerie illumination of the probe is revealed a
text: forest of printed circuit boards, and in one section, a
text: rotating laser-disc-like mechanism, connected through a
text: series of relays and wires to a thick floor of dark
text: orange material at the base of the computer, sitting
text: directly atop the nerve gas.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 124B
text: Cappy studying the bomb.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Micro-processor, dedicated fixed
dialog: drive, least 40 megabytes... could
dialog: be running a dozen programs...
text: Cappy now sees the guts of the bomb, the lens moving
text: around, showing the relays and probes, pressed into the
text: plastic explosive at the base.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Take me in a little closer...
text: As the lens zooms in and moves around the interior,
text: Cappy grows more concerned and focused by the second.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 124B
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 124B
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Sweet Jesus... nerve gas, binary
text: canisters... Plastic in two pound
dialog: blocks, sixteen pounds more or
dialog: less, enough to atomize this plane...
dialog: Guy doesn't fuck around. This
dialog: ain't no pipe-bomb and a six volt
dialog: battery.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is major-league talent.
text: The lens plays across a glass tube with several elements
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Now what is this? Stop. Go in
dialog: on that. Right there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now that's something I do recognize.
text: Barometric pressure switch.
text: Activated on take-off, probably
text: set to air-burst during landing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Could be the way in. Looks like
dialog: an isolated trigger. If I can...
dialog: if you can disable that switch,
dialog: it might buy you some time.
text: Grant stands, looking into the faces of the men grouped
text: around him. Rat ponders the situation.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Okay, we go as planned. We shut
dialog: this thing down, take over the
dialog: plane and get it to someplace safe.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Who gets to fuck with the mousetrap?
text: They're stumped on this one. Grant speaks up.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Cahill.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Cahill?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: He's the best qualified and the
dialog: only one you can spare.
dialog: (looks at bomb)
dialog: He's a design engineer. He builds
dialog: stuff like this all the time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 124B
speaker_heading: 124C
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: (2) 124B
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Except it doesn't go boom if you
dialog: fuck up.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: What the hell. All right, it's
dialog: your baby. The rest of us, let's
dialog: get in position. Charlie, mid-
text: cabin. Baker, rear compartments.
dialog: I'll take the cockpit, business
dialog: class. Keep your units on. Let's
dialog: go.
text: The commandos depart leaving Grant and Cappy behind.
text: Grant turns to Cappy.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: So what do you think?
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Honestly?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Honestly.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: We're all lookin' up the ass end
text: of a dead dog.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 124C
text: Off to one side, Grant is talking to Cahill, who stares
text: at him, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: Jesus. I don't know anything
dialog: about bombs. I can't do it. Why
dialog: me? Why not you?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I'm the only one who can monitor
dialog: their conversations. You're all
dialog: we've got left.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look at it this way, you've built
dialog: computers before, haven't you?
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Yes, but what does that have...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Now you're going to take one apart.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 124C
dialog: 125
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124C
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: But what if I...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Make a mistake? Don't worry about
dialog: it, Cahill, you'll never know it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You can do it, Cahill. Now let's
dialog: get going, I've got work to do.
text: Grant pats Cahill on the shoulder. He moves over the
text: cargo containers towards the bomb where Cappy lies,
text: Cahill reluctantly following.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: All right, Cappy. Walk him
dialog: through it. Call me if you need
dialog: any help.
text: Grant leaves.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Don't worry, Cahill, this is just
dialog: like playing with Leggos, but more
dialog: exciting. Bring that bomb kit
dialog: over here and let's get started.
text: Cahill slides the bomb kit into position.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: First things first. Looks like
dialog: that black cover is just a lead
dialog: shield. See if you can lift it
dialog: off... But, Cahill, everything
dialog: real easy, okay?
text: Grant carefully releases the four spring-latches at the
text: base of the cover. He removes the fiber-optic probe and
text: then gently lifts the cover, revealing the bomb in its
dialog: entirety.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 125
text: With the Terrorist Guard now downstairs, the Flight
text: Engineer is trying to tell the disbelieving pilots
dialog: what he witnessed earlier.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ENGINEER
dialog: (urgent; whispering)
dialog: I'm telling you, I saw them.
dialog: Americans...
text: He hears the GUARD ASCENDING the stairs and APPROACHING
text: the cockpit. He turns back to his work station.
speaker_heading: 125A
speaker_heading: 125B
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - DAY 125A
text: Where the Marshal ponders his dilemma, carefully
text: studying the positions of the Terrorists, trying to
dialog: formulate a plan.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 125B
text: Grant is on the com-board, headset on, monitoring the
text: various microphones and serving as the link to the team.
text: He keys a switch labeled "CAHILL."
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Cahill. How you doing?
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT —- DAY 126
text: Cahill is huddled over the bomb, Cappy's bomb-kit open
text: beside him, an electronic detector attached to the wires
text: near the barometric switch.
text: A mirror, taken from a vanity case, has been attached
text: to Cappy's stretcher by an aluminum pole, somewhat like
text: a rear-view mirror. From his position, Cappy can
text: supervise Cahill's work on the bomb.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: Uh, okay, I guess. We're ready to
dialog: start.
dialog: (to Cappy)
text: Cappy. The meter indicates 15 oms.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Okay, that's good. Looks like it's
dialog: in parallel and isolated. Go ahead
dialog: and complete the by-pass.
text: Cahill attaches the end of an alligator clip to the right
text: side of the switch, completing a by-pass loop of the unit.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - COACH LEVEL - DAY 127
text: FROM ABOVE, we see the floor of the elevator pushed
text: upward, revealing Rat in the lower galley. With the
text: skill of a gymnast he carefully wedges his way upward
text: into the elevator, holding his body against the wall as
text: he closes the floor panel.
text: Holding tight to the wall, he carefully peers out the
text: elevator window, seeing Fran, her back to him, working at
text: the galley.
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
speaker_heading: 131A
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. MID-CABIN WORK STATION - DAY 128
text: Fran catches sight of a movement, reflected in the
text: polished surface of the stainless steel wall. Startled,
text: she turns and before Rat can duck, their eyes meet, a
text: look of total shock registering on her face. The flag is
text: visible on Rat's shoulder as he puts his finger to his
dialog: lips.
text: Suddenly Fran hears SOMEONE APPROACHING from behind, Ali
text: appearing. A moment's hesitation and then she turns,
text: grabbing a coffee urn and a cup. Putting her back to the
text: elevator window, she offers Ali a cup of coffee. He
text: stares at her suspiciously and then accepts the coffee.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY 129
text: Rat rapidly turns his attention to the overhead panel.
text: Pulling the panel downward, he pulls himself into the
text: upper section, reaching down to close the panel.
scene_heading: INT. WORK STATION - DAY 130
text: Ali sips the coffee, studying Fran. He's very uneasy
text: about something but he can't put his finger on it.
text: Finally he moves on.
text: Fran looks around her, and then cautiously shoots a
text: glance inside the elevator. It's empty. We FOLLOW her
text: gaze UPWARDS to the overhead panels.
scene_heading: INT. 747 OVERHEAD SECTION - DAY 131
text: Above the coach section, the longest open space of the
text: plane, consisting of support struts and ribs for the
dialog: ceiling structure; air conditioning units; ducting,
text: wiring and hydraulic lines. Rat is crouched on one knee,
text: closing the top panel to the elevator shaft.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: Shit, I was made. Attendant saw
dialog: me in the elevator.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Grant, you copy this?
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 131A
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I copy. Describe her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 131A
speaker_heading: 131B
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 131A
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: (urgent)
text: She's working the mid-cabin.
dialog: Short blonde hair, five six.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Okay. I'll have Baker keep an
dialog: eye on her. All we can do is
dialog: watch, hope she can keep a secret.
dialog: (switches )
dialog: Baker...
scene_heading: INT. OVERHEAD SECTION - DAY 131B
text: Rat continues on, spider-walking along the support beams,
text: reaching up to clip in to the trolley cable when his foot
text: hits a patch of grease, his foot flying out from under him.
text: In one cat-like movement, Rat flips his position, catching
text: himself spread-eagled over the lower support beams,
text: directly over the plastic ceiling panels for the main
text: cabin. Sweat drips from his face as he carefully regains
dialog: his position.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN AREA - DAY 132
text: Fran studies the ceiling, half-expecting the commando
text: seen earlier to come crashing through to the floor. She
text: looks at Ali, some distance behind her, watching her,
text: unaware of the disturbance she has just heard.
scene_heading: INT. OVERHEAD SECTION - DAY 133
text: As Rat, moving down the cable, approaching the forward-
text: most section of the plane, Charlie's voice cuts in.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I'm in position, mid-cabin.
dialog: They're all over the place. I can
dialog: take two, maybe three. I'm good,
dialog: but I ain't that good. We need
text: another gun.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Okay, stand by. I'm at the
dialog: forward section. Let's see how
dialog: bad it is up there.
text: He moves on, pulling himself along the cable towards the
dialog: forward section.
dialog: 134
speaker_heading: 134A
dialog: 135
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 134
text: Grant wipes the sweat from his brow and taking a pair of
text: clippers from Cahill, moves his hand into the heart of
dialog: the bomb.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Cahill, could you adjust the
dialog: mirror? I want to take a better
dialog: look at this thing.
dialog: (Cahill adjusts
dialog: mirror)
dialog: That's better. Now, clip the
dialog: wires on either side. Don't
dialog: touch anything else.
text: Cahill places the cutter around the wire. He hesitates
text: and then, clips the wire, watching the om meter, the
text: needle darting slightly and then holding on: 15 oms.
text: Relieved, he clips the second wire.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Good work. That should do it.
text: Relieved, Cahill sits back, keying his com-unit.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: We've isolated the pressure switch.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 134A
text: Grant switches from Cahill on the "B" channel to the "A"
dialog: channel.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Rat, this is Grant. They've
dialog: isolated the switch.
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: Thanks. All right, everyone in
dialog: final positions. Captain, I need
dialog: to see you in the forward galley,
dialog: right away.
text: Grant seems puzzled by this.
scene_heading: EXT. GATWICK AIRFIELD (LONDON) - DAY 135
text: A light mist is falling on the tarmac where a Lear jet
text: is being serviced by a flight crew. Long range, wing-tip
text: fuel tanks are being installed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 135
text: A Mercedes sedan, darkened windows, pulls alongside,
text: accompanied by a military escort. Three Arabs emerge
text: from the car, two obviously pilots, carrying flight bags,
text: the other, a grim-faced MAN dressed in a tailored suit.
text: From the plane, a MECHANIC emerges, descending the stairs,
text: the name on his coveralls reading: Reggie. He addresses
text: the three men in a heavy Cockney accent.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: She's all yours, China-plate.
text: The Mechanic moves on, the grim-faced Man turning to the
text: pilots, speaking in Arabic.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Search it. Everything.
text: The pilots enter the plane.
scene_heading: INT. GATWICK AIRPORT - VIP LOUNGE - DAY 136
text: Inside a commercial aviation building, now serving as a
text: heavily guarded holding room for Jaffa. Soldiers and
text: security men are everywhere. Seated on a couch, ina
text: darkened side of the room, is Jaffa, wearing a belly-
text: chain and handcuffs. The U.S. AMBASSADOR to England
text: is speaking to Jaffa, two marine guards standing
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: ... If they will divert to Gander
dialog: Air Force Base, Newfoundland, the
dialog: United States will guarantee the
dialog: safe passage of Ali and his men
dialog: back to the Middle East.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Otherwise, he will never be allowed
dialog: to reach the shores of the United
dialog: States.
text: Jaffa studies the Ambassador appraisingly. He may be in
text: chains but beginning to relish the power attending his
text: new found importance. He smiles, assuming a diplomatic
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
text: Ali is an impassioned man, but in
dialog: the interests of peace, I will do
dialog: my best.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: I am sure you will.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. 747 FORWARD GALLEY - DAY 137
text: Rat and Grant are conferring off to one side of the
text: elevator, just below the emergency escape hatch, leading
text: to the main cabin aisle above. Rat hands Grant a hand
text: shotgun, the size of a flare gun.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: There's just too many of them,
dialog: Captain. We need another gun.
text: Grant looks at the weapon.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It's been years since I even
dialog: handled a gun...
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Don't worry, with this you can't
dialog: miss. One guy on station just
dialog: above us. I'll cue you, you'll
dialog: have the element of surprise.
text: Rat grabs the escape handle to the hatch in one hand,
text: holding the weapon tight to his chest in the other.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Hold it tight, like this. Push
text: up hard, two steps up the ladder,
text: aim straight at his chest and fire.
dialog: Don't think, just shoot.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER (MID-ATLANTIC) - DAY 138
text: As the squadron of F-14's are launched from the catapults,
text: SCREAMING upward, silver messengers of death.
scene_heading: INT. 747 BUSINESS CLASS CLOSET STORAGE AREA - DAY 139
text: Directly behind business class. Rat emerges from a
text: service hatch, easing to the floor inside the closet.
text: Cautiously he parts the two doors, looking into the
text: business class compartment and the cockpit just beyond.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: In the business class closet. I'll
text: be set in about thirty seconds.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER SECTION - DAY 140
text: Baker, suspended upside down, moves quickly and silently
text: down the cable, heading toward the rear of the plane,
text: passing Charlie as he goes.
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD GALLEY - DAY 141
text: Grant moves into position, under the emergency escape
text: hatch, leading to the aisle of the coach section. He
text: grasps the overhead handle which will push the door up.
text: He stares at the weapon in his hand.
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I'll take the man in the cockpit
text: first, then down the stairs for
dialog: the second. You all move ten
text: seconds later. Baker, Charlie...
scene_heading: INT. UPPER SECTION - TAIL AREA - DAY 142
text: Baker is positioned over the floor, holding open a panel,
text: looking down into the rear-most cluster of bathrooms.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: I'm in position. Rear bathrooms.
text: Baker eases down into the room, taking up position at
text: the door.
scene_heading: INT. OVERHEAD SECTION - DAY 143
text: Where Charlie has placed a circle of detonation cord on
text: the floor. He's positioned on a support beam above the
text: ceiling panel, holding the detonating switch in his hand.
text: He looks prepared to jump after he blows the floor.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: Charlie. Ready to blow the
dialog: ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. BUSINESS CLASS CLOSET - DAY 144
text: Rat, his hand on the doors, is holding a silenced .22
text: automatic pistol. Through a crack in the door he can
text: see the Terrorist standing several feet away, his back
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Okay, dude is right in my sights.
dialog: Here we go...
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: 145 INT. FORWARD GALLEY - DAY 145
text: Grant releases the safety on the deadly-looking hand
text: shotgun, his hand trembling. He nervously double-checks
text: the unfamiliar weapon, making sure it is cocked. He
text: closes his eyes, blinking away the sweat.
scene_heading: 146 INT. COACH - WORK STATION - DAY 146
text: Where the four Terrorists are grouped, listening to the
text: radios. A NEWS BROADCAST is underway on the SHORTWAVE.
scene_heading: 147 INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 147
text: Cahill sitting beside the bomb as Cappy studies it
text: through his mirror. Suddenly a series of red lights
text: flash in sequence on a unit in the center of the bomb.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (startled)
dialog: I don't know. Looked like some
dialog: kind of...
text: The lights flash again.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Jesus Murphy. Stop them, Cahill.
dialog: Stop the hit!
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: Use the radio. Tell them to stop
dialog: the hit. Now!
text: Cahill fumbles for the channel switch on the com-unit.
scene_heading: 148 INT. BUSINESS CLASS CLOSET - DAY 148
text: Rat pushes the door open further, lowering his pistol,
text: sighting down on the head of the Terrorist, a few feet
text: away. His finger starts to squeeze the trigger...
text: Suddenly Cahill's frantic voice breaks in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 148 CONTINUED: 148
speaker_heading: CAHILL (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Stop! Stop the attack! Stop the
dialog: attack!
text: As the Terrorist starts to turn, Rat pulls back inside,
text: silently closing the door. He wipes the sweat from his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Jesus!
scene_heading: 149 INT. FORWARD GALLEY - DAY 149
text: Grant closes the escape hatch, collapsing to the floor.
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Cahill, what the fuck is going on?!
speaker_heading: CAHILL (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: He said to stop. Cappy. He said
dialog: to stop you.
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Cappy. What is it?
scene_heading: 150 INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 150
text: Cahill is holding the com-unit to Cappy's head.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: You see any terrorist with anything
text: looks like a transmitter, box,
dialog: wires, anything?
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: No. Just weapons.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Well, someone just ran a program
text: test on the bomb. Whoever he is,
text: he's holding an override switch,
dialog: and he's got his finger right on
dialog: the god-damned trigger...
text: Cahill closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: Christ...
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. COACH - MID-SECTION - CLOSE ON SMALL, COMPUTER-LIKE 151
speaker_heading: DEVICE
text: A hand touches a key and a series of green lights flash
dialog: in series.
scene_heading: EXT. F-14'S REFUELING SEQUENCE - DAY 152
text: Flying in formation, waiting their turn to top off
text: their fuel tanks from a carrier launched A-6 Tanker.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - OPERATIONS CENTER - DAY 153
text: Kaplan and his entourage enter the room, Kaplan staring
text: at the overhead screens and the situation board showing
text: the 747's flight path across the Atlantic.
text: The Secretary of State approaches.
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF STATE
dialog: We have less than five minutes to
dialog: make the release.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Authorize it. Notify the press.
text: He turns to the Major-General.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: General.
speaker_heading: MAJOR-GENERAL
dialog: They'll reach our air space in an
dialog: hour and a half.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: It's up to Jaffa.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT (LONDON) - DAY 154
text: As a LEAR EXECUTIVE JET SCREAMS down the runway, lifting
text: off into the sky.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTIVE JET - DAY 155
text: Jaffa sits in one of the plush cabin seats. The Arab
text: in the tailored suit humbly approaches, speaking quietly
dialog: in Arabic.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: We have contact with Ali.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 155
text: He pulls a telephone from its cradle and hands it to
text: Jaffa. We hear STATIC FAINTLY over the line, then a
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I rejoice in your freedom. Allah
dialog: has blessed us. A great destiny
dialog: awaits us both.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - OPERATIONS CENTER - DAY 156
text: The crisis team are grouped around the communication
text: center, listening to the conversation as the NSA's
text: scanners keep track of the radio transmission.
speaker_heading: JAFFA (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Listen carefully, the Americans
dialog: have a message...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They are preparing to meet your
dialog: demands in Washington. They will
dialog: give you fuel and gold for the
dialog: hostages. But do not trust them.
dialog: Continue radio silence, make no
dialog: attempt to contact them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A glorious victory. You have done
dialog: well.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - COACH SECTION - DAY 157
text: Ali Hassan is listening on the field radio to Jaffa.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: In a few hours, you will see how
dialog: truly glorious my victory will be...
speaker_heading: JAFFA (V.O.)
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: We cannot talk now. They must not
dialog: locate this frequency.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTIVE JET - DAY 158
text: Jaffa terminates the call, hears the STATIC as the
text: connection is severed. He returns the telephone to its
text: cradle, a cold, menacing look as he turns to the window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 158
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: Go with God.
text: He jots down several items on a tablet and turns to his
dialog: new charge de affairs.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: You will prepare an anonymous news
text: release. In several hours, a
text: C.S.A. 747 will be destroyed as it
text: approaches the United States.
dialog: (hands over the
dialog: paper)
dialog: This is the Arab country
dialog: responsible for the highjacking
text: and destruction of the plane.
dialog: The necessary proof will be
dialog: provided shortly.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Then contact General Hammad. Tell
dialog: him I have a proposition to make.
text: He sits back, a cold smile forming on his lips.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: I taught you well, Ali.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - COACH SECTION - DAY 159
text: Ali Hassan turns OFF the RADIO shouting a revolutionary
text: slogan, the other Terrorists taking up the cry.
text: At this, terror sweeps through the plane. Ali Hassan is
text: now truly a man possessed with carrying out his destiny,
text: and with it, the lives of thousands of innocent people.
text: Hassan turns and looks at someone in the seats before
text: him, a passenger, someone unseen to us. He gives a
text: slight nod and then moves on, shouting another cry of
dialog: revenge.
text: We HOLD ON Fran as she looks from the frightened faces
text: of the passengers to the overhead panels, aware that
text: some inescapable collision between these madmen and some
text: unseen force infiltrating the airplane is about to happen.
dialog: But who are they, how did they get here, when will they
dialog: strike?
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - OPERATIONS CENTER - DAY 160
text: Kaplan turns angrily away from the center.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 160
speaker_heading: DCI
dialog: (stunned)
text: He didn't even make the attempt.
dialog: He wants him to die.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: He's forcing the President to
dialog: destroy the plane, hoping we'll
text: retaliate.
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF STATE
dialog: Against whom?
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
text: Whomever he chooses to implicate.
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF STATE
dialog: I say we shoot the bastard down.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: If only we could. They'll stick
dialog: to civilian air corridors, and we
dialog: could never violate the foreign
dialog: airspace anyway. It would be an
dialog: act of war.
text: Kaplan turns away, staring at the situation board, show-
text: ing the 747 growing closer to the fail-safe line every
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Tell Admiral Crosby to intercept
dialog: the 747. Then contact the
dialog: President. From this point on its
dialog: an executive decision.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DAY 161
text: Over the INTERCOM, the news of Jaffa's release has been
text: broadcast to the terrorist guard. As he takes up the
text: cry, the Flight Engineer looks down at the hatch leading
text: to the avionics room.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ENGINEER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Any time, guys.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DAY 162
text: The giant plane flies on over the Atlantic.
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 163
text: Where Rat, Grant, Charlie and Baker sit in the nose
text: section, assessing their situation in urgent, whispered
text: voices. Grant is monitoring the activities in the cabin
text: area via one of the microphones left in place. He is
text: listening to a CONVERSATION in ARABIC.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Quiet... sounds like something
dialog: big's going on.
text: Grant continues to listen.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: One of our boys is challenging
dialog: Ali. Wants to know why they're
dialog: not returning to London, now that
dialog: Jaffa's been released.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: London?
scene_heading: INT. COACH SECTION - DAY 164
text: Kahlil is arguing with Ali in Arabic.
speaker_heading: KAHLIL
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: This was not the plan! With
dialog: Jaffa's release, we were to return
dialog: to London. This is insane. We
dialog: must turn back...
text: Suddenly Ali flies into a rage, brutally whipping Kahlil
text: with his pistol, blow after blow, driving him to the
text: floor, killing him. Ali looks up, madness raging in his
text: eyes. Several other terrorists look at him in total fear.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: Traitor!
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 165
text: Grant puts down the headset, looks at the others.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I think he just killed one of his
dialog: own men. The others don't know
dialog: about the bomb.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: Of course. The trigger man is one
text: of the passengers. A sleeper.
dialog: It could be anyone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: 165
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Four hundred passengers. Never
dialog: find him. We're as good as dead.
text: A long moment as this new reality settles in.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Then I say we go out slingin'
dialog: some lead. Get some fuckin'
dialog: payback.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: That's not what we came here to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Shit, man, they're gonna blow us
dialog: out of the sky. At least we can
dialog: have the pleasure of doin' these
dialog: bastards before we all buy it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hell, we might even get lucky.
text: Rat looks at the men, confused as to what the next plan
text: of attack should be, realizing he has nothing left to
text: offer. He's out of ideas, sinking into the utter hope-
text: lessness of their situation. He looks at Grant, who
text: stares at the floor, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Captain.
dialog: (as Grant looks up)
dialog: Any ideas?
text: Grant looks at his watch. Thinks a moment.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We might still have some time.
dialog: And there just might be a way to
dialog: find the sleeper.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But we've got to keep dismantling
dialog: the bomb. If we can neutralize
dialog: it, then finding the sleeper won't
dialog: matter. But we can't risk it.
dialog: Have to do both.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And how do we find this sleeper?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Baker, what about the video
dialog: equipment, what do you have?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 165
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Wide angle probe, hard-line cable
dialog: but no camera, monitor, relay...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We've got to monitor that cabin.
dialog: I need to hear everything, see as
dialog: much as I can. Anything we can
dialog: use from the plane?
text: Baker thinks, slowly nodding his head.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 166
text: Baker and Charlie have opened up another of the baggage
text: containers. Charlie hands up an aluminum suitcase to
text: Baker, who opens it, studying the contents.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: This will do.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN AREA - OVERHEAD SECTION - DAY 167
text: Rat carefully drills a tiny hole by hand through one of
text: the bulkheads. He attaches a long cable to the two
text: electrical leads on the end of a six-inch long lens, the
text: diameter of a pencil. Carefully he begins to push the
text: lens into the hole.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN AREA - MID-SECTION - DAY 168
text: Near the flight attendant's work station. Above the
text: center bulkhead we MOVE IN on a tiny hole, seeing a slight
text: reflector of light as the wide angle lens of the video
text: probe is pushed into position.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 169
text: Grant is talking to Cappy, Cahill sitting alongside them
text: at the bomb site.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: How bad is it?
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Short strokes -- it's a
dialog: masterpiece. Set up on three
text: stages; several back-ups. Pressure
dialog: switch was designed to trigger as
dialog: the plane landed.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 92.
dialog: 169
speaker_heading: CAPPY (CONT'D)
dialog: If that failed, there's a timer
text: operated by the fixed disc.
dialog: Probably the flight time plus an
dialog: hour or two.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Can we disable it? Cut the power?
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: He's way ahead of you. Two power
dialog: sources, one protects the other.
dialog: Tamper-proof. Cut one, the second
text: one sets off the bomb.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Cappy, how are we going to beat
dialog: this god-damned thing?
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: This guy's good, real good... but
dialog: I'm better. Won't be easy, but
dialog: there's a way.
text: Grant turns to Cahill.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We're going to do everything we
dialog: can to find the sleeper, but it
dialog: may all come down to you. You're
dialog: going to have to go the distance.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (numb)
dialog: As if I had a chance.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Don't worry about my man, Cahill,
dialog: he's got what it takes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Besides, he fucks up, I'll kill
dialog: him.
text: Grant pats Cahill on the shoulder. He moves over the
text: containers towards the Avionics Room, leaving Cahill to
text: stare at the bomb.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 170
text: Baker is working on a home video Minicam, the aluminum
text: suitcase open beside him. He has opened up the camera
text: and is wiring in a small electrical harness.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 170 CONTINUED: 170
text: He closes up the camera, taping it together. He has
text: removed the eyepiece, exposing the tiny viewscreen inside.
text: Rat appears, trailing out the hard-wire video feed,
text: attached to the probe above.
speaker_heading: RAT
text: Ran the cable down the back side
dialog: of the elevator shaft. They'll
dialog: never see it.
text: Baker takes the cable, twisting the wires into those
text: leading from the camera. He switches on the camera.
text: On the tiny view screen of the camera, we see the wide
text: angle, black and white image of the main cable. Random
text: static crosses the picture.
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: Not much resolution, but it works.
text: Grant pats him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Now we've got eyes and ears.
scene_heading: 171 INT. WORK STATION - DAY 171
text: Fran is preparing several trays of juice and water for
dialog: the passengers.
scene_heading: 172 INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 172
text: Grant, Rat and Baker are watching Fran on the tiny screen.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: She's on a short leash, but has
dialog: the freedom to move around the
dialog: cabin...
text: Grant looks to Rat for approval of his plan.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: All right. Try it.
text: Baker hands Grant a switch, wired into the electrical
text: system of the plane.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 172
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: I've by-passed the buzzer.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Let's hope she sees it.
text: Grant activates the switch. On the video monitor we see
text: that a light on the telephone is flashing a code. A
text: moment later, Fran notices the light, but stares at it,
text: unmoving.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Pick it up... pick it up.
scene_heading: INT. WORK STATION - DAY 173
text: Fran staring at the flashing light. She looks around,
text: seeing one of the Terrorist Guards standing nearby. She
text: looks at the flashing light... and then picks up the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Just listen. I'm watching you on
text: a video. Behind you, above the
text: bulkhead.
text: Disbelieving she turns, eyes searching, focusing on the
text: tiny probe, barely visible in the bulkhead.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We're Americans. You've seen one
dialog: of us. There is a bomb on this
text: plane. One of the passengers is
dialog: in direct control of it. We have
dialog: to find him and we need your help.
dialog: You're looking for someone with
text: an electronic device, a radio...
text: Suddenly the phone is ripped from her hand, Ali roughly
text: spinning her around.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Ali places the phone to his ear and listens. The line is
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I... thought the phone rang. I'm
dialog: sorry. It's just habit.
text: He stares at her and then hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 173
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You always have an explanation.
text: Ali leaves. Fran is overwhelmed by this new development.
text: Suddenly she remembers, the Air Marshal. She looks back
text: down the aisle, making eye contact with him. She turns
text: back, horrified. She has to warn him, but how?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Think...
text: She looks around her, focusing on a rack of magazines.
text: We HOLD ON Fran's face.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 174
text: Grant and Baker watching the tiny screen, watching as she
text: moves around the work station.
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: She looks pretty shaken. I don't
dialog: think she'll do it.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: She's got to.
text: They continue to watch as Fran picks up a stack of
text: magazines and turns towards them. A moment's hesitation
text: and then she looks up, directly into the lens, a look of
text: strength and determination on her face, she nods. Grant
text: turns to Baker.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: She's with us. Lady's a player.
text: A momentary look from Rat, a nod of acceptance. Grant is
dialog: now in charge.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Good move, Captain. I'll get
dialog: upstairs, watch her. If she
dialog: fingers someone, we'll have to
dialog: move fast.
text: Rat leaves via the flap leading to the baggage compart-
text: ment. Baker looks at his tac-board. We PUSH IN ON the
text: watches, the elapsed timer running down to forty-five
text: minutes remaining.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: We reach U.S. airspace in forty-
dialog: five minutes.
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN AREA - DAY 175
text: Fran is moving down the aisle, carefully scrutinizing any
text: visible carry-on luggage, bags and seat pockets for some
text: sign of a suspicious device, all the while pretending
dialog: to look after the needs of the passengers, offering them
text: Magazines to read. Behind her, a Terrorist Guard keeps
text: a close watch.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - OPERATIONS CENTER - DAY 176
text: PULLING BACK FROM the situation map, showing the 747's
text: position, now approaching the U.S. The Major-General
text: hangs up a telephone and addresses the Kaplan.
speaker_heading: MAJOR-GENERAL
text: The F-14's should be intercepting
dialog: the 747 in approximately fifteen
dialog: minutes. Should be coming on
dialog: the board any second.
text: On the screen we see, four small points of light,
text: approaching the 747 from a converging angle, their origin
text: somewhere near Florida.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN SECTION - DAY 177
text: Fran approaches the Air Marshal, who looks up briefly.
text: She reaches his seat, casually handing him a magazine.
text: What the quard can't see is her expression as she taps the
text: cover of the magazine. The Marshal looks down seeing:
text: A Newsweek, a cover shot of a group of U.S. soldiers in
text: camouflage, weapons, the banner-line reading: "HOW MUCH
speaker_heading: LONGER."
text: The Marshal looks up, Fran looking hard at the picture
text: and then mouthing the words: "They're here."
text: She moves on, leaving the Marshal to stare at the picture
dialog: in bewilderment. They're here?
text: Fran continues to search for some sign of suspicious
text: behavior, an electronic device, something. There seems
text: to be nothing but row upon row of frightened, innocent-
text: looking passengers.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - CLOSEUP - DAY 178
text: view of the bomb FOCUSES on a wiring harness of varying
text: colors. The tiny, pinpoint beam of a laser appears on
text: one of the wires.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 178
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 178
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Low-power, number one. Just touch
text: the wire for a heartbeat.
text: In Cahill's hand is a laser-knife, the size of a fountain
text: pen, a wire leading to a power box on the floor beside
text: him. Cahill touches the trigger and the beam changes
text: intensity, the wire suddenly vaporizing, leaving the bare
text: wire underneath exposed.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: That's good. Now clip in.
text: Cahill wipes the sweat from his brow, his shirt soaked in
text: perspiration. At his side is a small black box, taken
text: from the bomb kit. At one end of the box are a series
text: of ports for electrical connections. Several wires lead
text: from the ports to the bomb, clipped in to wires in
dialog: various components.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: Here goes...
text: With trembling hands, he attaches another wire to a relay
text: in the bomb, plugging the other end into the black box.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Outstanding. You've got the major
dialog: sensors by-passed. Mr X will
text: still think the bomb's intact.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Kick the power up to three and cut
text: the wires to that first relay.
dialog: That's a load-fluctuator, a fail-
dialog: safe against an electromagnetic
dialog: burst.
text: Cahill turns up the power and begins to move the laser-
text: knife towards the bomb. But his hand begins to tremble
text: uncontrollably. He stops.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (verge of panic;
dialog: anger)
text: I can't do it. My hand's shaking
dialog: too much. I can't breathe.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Settle down, Cahill. You're doing
dialog: fine. You know anything about
dialog: fishing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 178
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (numb)
dialog: No... I hate fish. Hate the
dialog: outdoors.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Doesn't matter. Shut the fuck up
dialog: and listen.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Take a deep breath. Relax.
dialog: Close your eyes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're sitting at your desk...
text: it's in the middle of a pine
text: forest. Wind cool and light, the
text: sun shining down through the
dialog: trees. You're beside a stream,
text: water rollin' over the rocks into
dialog: the most beautiful pool of deep,
dialog: green water you've ever seen...
text: Cahill's breathing slows, his face beginning to relax.
text: Cappy closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: .».. You get up from your desk and
dialog: walk to the pool, your fly rod in
dialog: your hand, royal coachman tied on,
dialog: your can't miss fly. At the back
dialog: of that pool is Bad Leroy Brown,
dialog: fifteen pound German trout, just
text: startin' to rise from beneath a
dialog: tangle of logs. Now, all you got
dialog: to do is pull back, float your
dialog: line out, lay that fly down like
text: a feather, right in front of old
dialog: Leroy's nose...
text: Cahill opens his eyes. His hand has stopped shaking. He
text: moves forward, cutting through the wires with the laser.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: I did it.
text: He turns, looking at Cappy's face, reflected in the
text: mirror. Cappy nods, closing his eyes in relief.
scene_heading: INT. COACH SECTION - DAY 179
text: Fran is moving down the aisle, the Terrorist Guard
text: strolling close behind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 179
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 179
text: As she passes a seat, a hand reaches out, tugging on her
text: apron. Startled, Fran turns. It's the heavy-set Woman
text: seen earlier. The Woman is perspiring and seems short of
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Miss, may I have some water? I
dialog: have to take my medication.
dialog: Diabetes.
text: The Woman holds out a prescription pill vial.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Of course. I'll get you some
dialog: water.
text: The Woman fumbles with the vial, her hands trembling.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: These things are always so hard
dialog: to open...
text: The vial slips from her hands, falling to the floor.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'll get it.
text: Fran kneels to the floor to help. The Guard moves in,
text: prodding her with his weapon.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: It's all right. I'm just getting
dialog: her pills.
text: Fran kneels, searching the floor for the vial, finding it
text: next to the Woman's feet. She is about to rise when her
text: eyes freeze on the underseat storage space of the window
text: seat, where the Laptop Computer, seen earlier, sits,
text: nearly obscured from view.
text: Fran stares at the computer, slowly looking up into the
text: alarmed eyes of the dark-complected man at the window.
text: The Guard pulls Fran to her feet, examining the pill vial,
text: before giving it to the Woman.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'll be right back with your
dialog: water.
text: The man at the window follows their movement and then
text: carefully removes the computer, hiding it between his
text: body and the window bulkhead.
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SECTION WORK STATION - DAY 180
text: Fran, with her BACK TO US, a terrorist standing nearby,
text: appears to be replenishing her drink tray, pulling down
text: paper cups from an overhead bin and working on something
text: before her. But as we move alongside her, we see that
text: between movements, she hurriedly scribbles something on
text: the back of the tray with a lipstick.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 181
text: CLOSE ON the TV monitor, showing Fran just inside the
text: galley. As one of the Terrorist Guards passes by, she
text: turns back to her station, busying herself with some-
text: thing. She turns back, and while looking at the probe,
text: brushes her ear several times, looking around her.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Captain, take a look at this.
text: Grant studies the monitor as Fran again brushes her ear.
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: She's signaling.
text: On the monitor we see a Terrorist Guard as he slowly
text: moves through the galley, crossing behind Fran. Lifting
text: the tray off the counter, Fran turns towards the camera,
text: flipping the bottom upwards as she does. On the bottom
text: of the tray, written in red lipstick, we see: 148-B.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 182
text: Grant and Baker studying a schematic of the passenger
text: section of the plane. Baker circles a section, Grant
text: keying his mike.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Rat, we've got something. 148-B.
text: Window seat, mid-section.
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I got it.
scene_heading: EXT. F-14'S - IN FLIGHT - DUSK 183
text: Somewhere over the Atlantic, flying in tight formation.
scene_heading: INT. F-14 LEADER - COCKPIT - DUSK 184
text: The NAVIGATOR plotting a course on his radar screen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 184
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: Have target acquisition at three
dialog: hundred miles, vector zero-six-
dialog: zero for contact.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Roger. Formation this is Bulldog.
dialog: We have radar contact, turning
dialog: zero-six-zero for contact.
dialog: Initiate weapons systems check
dialog: now. Notify me on visual contact.
scene_heading: INT. OVERHEAD SECTION - DUSK 185
text: Rat, using the fiber-optic viewscope, is lying on his
text: stomach, observing something below. He is wedged into an
text: impossibly tight position, under an air-conditioning
dialog: vent.
text: CLOSE ON the monitor as the fiber-optic probe pans across
text: the heavy-set Woman's legs, zooming in on small computer,
text: tucked against the leg and the seat of the man in 148-B.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Could be a small computer, between
text: his leg and the seat. Looks like
text: he's hiding it. All I can see
text: is his legs. Air conditioning
dialog: unit, right in the way. But the
text: computer is definitely suspicious.
dialog: It has to be him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Can you get a hit on him?
text: Rat looks away from the fiber-optic probe, staring at the
text: bulkhead, inches from his face.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Can't move up here, barely breathe,
dialog: no hope for a shot. Charlie, what
dialog: about you?
scene_heading: INT. OVERHEAD SECTION - DAY 186
text: Charlie is positioned near the mid-section restrooms in
text: the crawl-space above the doorways. Lying on his side
text: he is able to peer through the fresh air vents, providing
text: a view of passengers. Although he can see the man in
text: 148-B, he is barely visible behind a passenger sitting
text: in front of him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 186
text: Towards the rear, another terrorist is plainly visible.
text: Charlie's pistol is at his side.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: No chance. Blocked by the seats,
text: passengers all around him.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 187
text: Cahill has isolated the wires leading to a major relay of
text: the bomb, a harness of wires, situated near the fixed
text: disc, the disc rotating silently behind the glass obser-
text: vation window. Cahill approaches the wires with the laser
text: beam. Cappy is watching Cahill's movement through the
dialog: mirror.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: We're almost home. Next stop is
dialog: a little tougher. Relax. Just do
dialog: what I tell you.
dialog: (beat)
text: The red one on top, first. Then,
dialog: separate the wires with the
dialog: spreader, cut the yellow one
dialog: underneath. Just kiss that red
dialog: one like a feather. Don't touch
text: the other wires.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Take your time. Slow and steady.
text: As the laser-knife begins to glow, Cahill slowly lowers
text: it to the first wire, beginning to cut.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN AREA - DAY 188
text: CLOSE ON hands as they open the computer-like device.
text: Fingers touch the keyboard...
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 189
text: Suddenly, on the bomb, there
text: a series of electical relays
text: on the testing unit flashing
text: Cahill's hand jumps, slicing
text: is a metallic CLATTER as
text: open and close, the lights
dialog: in series...
text: through half of the harness.
text: His face goes rigid with fear as we CRASH ZOOM to the
text: rotation disc as it abruptly
text: Cahill inhales sharply...
text: halts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 189
text: Cappy staring wide-eyed into the mirror, sweat pouring
text: down his face, waiting for the bomb to explode. But the
text: frozen disc, Cahill's trembling hand, remain fixed in
text: the mirror.
text: Cappy's mind is racing. He exhales sharply.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Decoy. A fuckin' decoy.
dialog: (louder)
dialog: The whole thing's a fake. He
dialog: snookered us.
text: TIGHT ON Cahill's sweating face.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (near hysteria)
dialog: What?! What's happening?! What
dialog: the hell's happening?
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: A decoy, to waste our time. The
dialog: real works must be below, under
dialog: the plate.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 190
text: Barry and Grant, listening to Cappy's devastating news.
speaker_heading: CAPPY (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Real cute, this guy. Built a
dialog: decoy into the system. Time you
dialog: finish fiddle-fucking around, the
text: timer would have gone off.
dialog: Cahill's screw-up probably saved
dialog: us a lot of time.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: Just give it to me straight.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 191
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 192
text: Cahill is staring at the bomb as he listens to the
text: exchange between Grant and Cappy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 192
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: We'll have to start over.
text: Cahill, leans back, his head bumping the wall of the
dialog: container.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (exhaling)
dialog: Jesus.
scene_heading: INT. OVERHEAD SECTION - DAY 193
text: TIGHT ON Rat's watch. In anger, Rat slams his fist into
text: his hand. He seems near the breaking point.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Jesus, we've got less than fifteen
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: CAPPY (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I'm sorry, that's all we can do.
dialog: I can't say what we'll find.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: Then we go now, blow the lights,
dialog: take our chances.
speaker_heading: GRANT (V.O.)
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: No. He just ran another test.
dialog: He's got direct access to the thing.
dialog: It's got to be by total surprise
dialog: or you're fucked.
text: Rat leans back against the bulkhead, closing his eyes.
speaker_heading: RAT
dialog: We're not going to make it.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 194
text: Grant looks around him, at Baker, at his face, tired and
text: haggard. He looks defeated.
text: Slowly a new energy and resolve begins to show on Grant's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: He's not going to beat us. We've
dialog: come too far.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 194
text: He keys the mike to his head set.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (determined)
dialog: Get into your attack positions.
dialog: Cappy, stay with it. We're taking
dialog: this thing to the wire.
speaker_heading: RAT (V.O.)
dialog: What about the sleeper?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I'll take care of the sleeper.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 195
text: Cahill, wide-eyed with concentration and fear, is lifting
text: the top panel of the bomb containing the false circuitry.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Easy. Not too fast. Now hold it,
dialog: don't move.
text: Cahill holds the panel just inches above the top frame-
dialog: work of the bomb.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Knowing how this fucker thinks, I
dialog: expect he's got a surprise for us.
dialog: Check under the panel with your
dialog: light. Look for something
text: connecting the two panels, a trip-
dialog: wire maybe.
text: Holding the panel steady, Cahill lowers his head, using
text: the light on his head gear to scan between the two levels,
text: the second level consisting of a series of relays and a
text: softball-sized stainless steel sphere. He scans the area,
text: seeing a hair-fine wire, attached to the top panel and
text: below, to a micro-switch.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (trembling)
dialog: You're right. There's a wire...
text: hooked to a switch.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: That's it. Now just reach in with
dialog: your nippers and clip that wire.
text: Cahill, holding the panel with one hand, fumbles for the
text: nippers in the tool kit. Moving them into position he
text: cuts the wire.
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 196
text: Grant and Baker are intently studying the monitor, trained
text: on the mid-cabin work station. Through the wide-angle
text: lens, we can see Fran, slowly moving down the aisle
text: towards the station.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Come on, keep coming...
text: In his hand he nervously holds the makeshift switch
text: connected to the cabin phone.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOUD FILLED SKY - DUSK 197
text: As four F-14's descend from the clouds, dropping in behind
text: the 747. They pull alongside, two in front, two in the
dialog: rear.
scene_heading: EXT. F-14 LEADER - DAY 198
text: The PILOT and his NAVIGATOR are clearly seen as they look
text: towards the 747.
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: CSA Flight 343. This is flight
dialog: leader, U. S. Navy aircraft. You
dialog: are approaching United States air
dialog: space. You are to divert
dialog: immediately to three-seven-zero
text: North for Gander Air Force Base.
dialog: If you do not comply, we are
dialog: ordered to open fire...
scene_heading: INT. 747 AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 199
text: Grant and Baker respond in shock as they listen to this
text: late development over the monitor they have installed to
text: the ship's radio receiver.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Captain...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I know, we're in deep shit. We've
dialog: got to stop them.
dialog: (thinks )
dialog: I need a schematic of the plane.
text: Baker turns, digging through one of their satchels. He
text: removes a complicated schematic of the 747, showing the
text: hundreds of miles of electrical wiring, hydraulic lines
text: and servos. Grant desperately begins tracking something
text: on the schematic.
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DAY 200
text: The crew and the Terrorist Guard listen in stunned
text: silence as the F-14's demands are repeated.
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: ... Repeat, you must divert to
dialog: 0370 immediately, or we will open
dialog: fire. Squawk 433 for
dialog: acknowledgement.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Jesus Christ. What the hell are
dialog: they doing? They can't mean that.
text: He turns to the Terrorist.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: We have to respond. You heard
dialog: what they said.
text: The Terrorist points his pistol at the Pilot.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: You will say nothing. You will
dialog: stay on course.
text: The Terrorist picks up a phone, pressing the buzzer. He
text: speaks in Arabic.
speaker_heading: TERRORIST
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Ali. Fighter planes. They say
dialog: they will shoot if we do not turn
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. COACH SECTION - DAY 201
text: Ali Hassan is listening to the Terrorist's report. He
text: slams down the phone and moves towards the forward
text: section, a look of wild rage and anger on his face. We
text: GO WITH him as he moves towards the forward section,
text: HOLDING ON the Air Marshal, who, seeing the disturbed
text: look on Ali's face, carefully reaches down, removing his
text: revolver from his boot, hiding it under his thigh. By
text: his expression we can see he is trying to formulate some
dialog: kind of attack.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 202
text: Grant at the electronics bulkhead, removing several
text: panels. He pulls out a massive wiring harness, searching
text: through the multi-colored wires.
dialog: 203
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 203
text: Cahill is removing the last of several screws from a
text: circular inspection plate on the side of the steel sphere.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Now, attach the grip.
text: Cahill unfolds a small tripod, supporting a shaft with a
text: suction cup at one end. He places the tripod over the
text: sphere gently pressing the suction cup over the cover.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Now back off, just a hair. Just
dialog: enough to see if it's friendly.
text: Cahill swallows hard, takes a deep breath and turns the
text: reverse-screw mechanism at the top of the tripod, lifting
text: the cover a fraction of an inch. He stops, using a tiny
text: penlight and a dentist's mirror to examine the edges and
text: the back side of the plate.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
text: Can't see anything.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Okay, back it off a little more.
text: Cahill slowly removes the cover, revealing the interior
text: of the hollow sphere, at the bottom of which is a tiny
text: brass armature situated above a steel contact point,
text: similar to that in an automobile distributor.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Don't touch anything. Let me see
dialog: those points.
text: Cahill adjusts the mirror, holding a magnifying glass
text: over the sphere, focusing it for Cappy.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Looks clear. Don't think Mr. X
dialog: expected us to get this far. But
dialog: you need something thin and non-
dialog: metallic to slip between those
dialog: points.
text: Cahill searches through the kit but can't find anything
text: plastic. He reaches into his pocket, pulling out a
text: handful of cocktail napkins, paper, etc. He finds a
text: plastic coffee straw. Slitting the straw with a knife he
text: holds it out, ready to insert it between the points.
text: Cahill turns back to the sphere with the plastic strip,
text: taking a deep breath. But suddenly he stops. Cahill
text: looks up at Cappy in the mirror.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 203
speaker_heading: 203A
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 203
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: But what if he did, Cappy? What
dialog: if he did expect us to get this
dialog: far. Why quit now?
text: Cappy smiles.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: Good call. You're starting to
dialog: think like me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In the kit, there should be a pair
text: of infra-red goggles. Find ‘em.
text: Cahill searches through the tool kit, putting on a pair
text: of infra-red goggles, plugging a power cable into the
text: battery unit. He lowers the goggles into place,
text: switching them on.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: That bad, huh?
scene_heading: CAHILL'S POV OF INTERIOR OF SPHERE 203A
text: Through the infra-red spectrum, we see that the points are
text: protected by a spider-web maze of hair-fine photo-electric
text: light beams.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: That bad.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DUSK 204
text: Grant and Baker are hearing the TRANSMISSION from the
text: cockpit, Grant still frantically working away at wiring
text: harness, his face dripping with sweat. He has ten or
text: twelve wires bunched in his hand.
scene_heading: INT. 747 COCKPIT - DUSK 205
text: Ali Hassan is on the radio-phone, talking to Washington.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: ... Why we are being threatened?
dialog: our terms are absolute. The
dialog: release of Jaffa for half the
dialog: hostages. No compromises. No
dialog: tricks.
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - OPERATIONS CENTER - DUSK 206
text: Kaplan and his crisis team are seated at the massive
text: table, listening in rapt silence to the demands of Ali
text: Hassan. Kaplan is on the phone.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: We have already met your first
dialog: condition and are willing to
dialog: comply with the rest of your
dialog: demands. But for security reasons,
dialog: we must insist that the exchange
dialog: take place...
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: You will insist nothing! Tell
dialog: your President he will comply or
dialog: suffer the blood of many Americans
dialog: on this plane. Beginning now.
text: The President looks to the Major-General.
speaker_heading: MAJOR-GENERAL
dialog: This may have been a mistake.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: We just can't shoot them down
text: without a warning.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - COCKPIT - DAY 207
text: Ali Hassan leaves the cockpit, entering the business
text: class. He grabs a male PASSENGER, pushing him into the
text: cockpit. He forces the man to his knees, holding the
text: pistol to his head. With his other hand he holds the
text: radio-phone to the man's face.
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN
dialog: Talk to your President. Beg him
dialog: for your life. Tell him who you
dialog: are. Speak!
speaker_heading: PASSENGER
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Please... My name is Stanley
dialog: Fisher... I have a wife and three
dialog: children.
dialog: (chokes )
text: He's holding a gun to my head.
dialog: Please, do what they want...
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: 208 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - DUSK 208
text: Kaplan and his team sit transfixed in horror as they
text: listen to the man's desperate pleadings.
speaker_heading: PASSENGER (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Please... I don't want to die...
text: Suddenly, two SHOTS are heard OVER the SPEAKERS. A long
dialog: pause and then...
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: My, God, no...
speaker_heading: ALI HASSAN (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: This plane is to continue on as
dialog: planned or I will kill another
dialog: passenger every minute.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: We've got to end this. Order the
dialog: attack.
scene_heading: 209 INT. F-14 FLIGHT LEADER - COCKPIT - DUSK 209
text: The Navigator is talking to his Pilot, his eyes intense.
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: Bull, we can't do this. Warning
dialog: them off is one thing... that's a
text: civilian aircraft, full of
dialog: Americans.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: It's a Presidential order, Spider,
dialog: there must be a damned good reason
dialog: for it.
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: I sure hope to hell there is.
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Formation, this is Bulldog. I'm
dialog: assuming attack position, everyone
text: else back off and stand clear.
text: Climb to thirty-five thousand.
scene_heading: 210 EXT. F-14'S - DUSK 210
text: As they peel off, three of the jets climb to higher
text: elevation while the lead jet falls in behind the 747.
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DUSK 211
text: Grant is tearing open an electrical panel, exposing a
text: sea of wires. He stares at the wires, wipes the sweat
text: from his eyes and makes a move.
scene_heading: INT. F-14 LEADER COCKPIT - DUSK 212
text: Now trailing two miles behind the 747. On the control
text: panel we see the heads-up display of the 747 as the
text: targeting sight swings into position and centers. A
text: SHRILL TONE is heard, indicating missile lock.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Nav Com, this is Bulldog. I have
dialog: missile lock. Request final
text: confirmation of orders, over.
speaker_heading: NAV COM (V.O.)
dialog: Bulldog, this is Nav Com. Proceed
dialog: as ordered.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Roger, Nav Com. Stand by.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PILOT'S HAND
text: as he flips the firing selector to missile. His finger
text: begins to close on the trigger...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COCKPIT DISPLAY
text: the target center holding on the 747...
text: Suddenly, the navigation lights on the dark 747 flash on
dialog: and hold.
speaker_heading: PILOT
text: The nav-lights just came on.
text: Suddenly the lights begin to flash, on and off, on and
text: off, in a steady sequence.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DUSK 213
text: Grant has cut the bundle of wires leading to the nav-
text: lights and is now touching them together, apart, together.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT F-14 LEADER - DUSK 214
text: The F-14 growing closer to the 747, the nav-lights still
text: flashing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 214
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Spider, is that what I think it
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: You damned right.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - OPERATIONS CENTER - DUSK 215
text: Kaplan and the crisis team are staring at the overhead
text: screen, awaiting the word of the 747's destruction. The
text: room is dead silent. A voice breaks in over the speakers,
text: startling them.
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Nav Com, this is Bulldog. We have
dialog: an unusual communication from the
dialog: target.
speaker_heading: NAV COM (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Bulldog, this is Nav Com. Specify
text: transmission. Over.
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: Bulldog. Seems to be Morse code
text: coming from the navigation lights.
dialog: Message as follows: ‘Hail Mary...
dialog: Ten minutes.' Message repeats.
dialog: Over.
text: Stunned, Kaplan drops into his seat.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: They made it...
speaker_heading: MAJOR-GENERAL
dialog: I'll be a son-of-a-bitch.
speaker_heading: DCI
dialog: But it's too late. They've
dialog: already crossed the line, they're
text: into U.S. airspace. With every
dialog: minute...
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: They made it this far, and by-God
dialog: I'm going to give them another ten
dialog: minutes. General, get on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: MAJOR-GENERAL
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DUSK 216
text: Grant is still sending his coded message, sparks flying
text: from the bus bar. Over the 747's radio we hear the F-14
text: Pilot's voice.
speaker_heading: F-14 PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Flight 343, this is Navy flight
dialog: leader. We are to provide you
text: with an escort to Dulles
dialog: International.
text: Grant stops his signalling.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We've got ten minutes.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DAY 217
text: Grant turns to Baker.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Get in position. We're going in
dialog: five minutes.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: What about the sleeper?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Time we got acquainted.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DUSK 218
text: Through the infra-red spectrum, Cahill is attempting to
text: weave the plastic straw through the first of the light
text: beams. He stops, withdraws the straw and wipes the sweat
text: from his face.
text: He picks up the straw and placing a bend in it, begins
text: to maneuver it through and around the light beams.
scene_heading: INT. AVIONICS ROOM - DUSK 219
text: Grant is now alone, watching the monitor of the mid-cabin
dialog: area work station.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Come on...
text: Fran and two other attendants are sitting in their jump
text: seats, a Terrorist standing guard in the entrance, his
text: back to them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 219
dialog: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: 223
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 219
text: Grant is pressing a switch, the flasher on the phone in
text: the work station responding. Fran looks up, seeing the
text: light. But she obviously doesn't know what to do. The
text: light continues to flash.
scene_heading: INT. WORK STATION - DUSK 220
text: The flashing light on the phone is becoming more urgent.
text: Quietly, Fran rises and lifts the phone from its cradle,
text: the Terrorist Guard still with his back to her. Her crew
text: mates stare at her in disbelief.
speaker_heading: GRANT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered; urgent)
dialog: I need your help. The lower galley.
dialog: Do exactly as I say. Turn around
text: and enter the elevator. The lives
dialog: of everyone on this plane depend
dialog: upon what you do. Right now.
text: She quietly hangs up the phone and turns, looking into
text: the eyes of her frightened crew mates. She looks at the
text: elevator a few steps away.
text: With a determined look she moves forward, opening the
text: door and stepping inside.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DUSK 221
text: Fran carefully closes the door. She turns, staring at the
text: overhead control buttons. Her finger touches the down
dialog: switch.
text: The elevator activates, MOTORS WHINING as it descends
text: into the lower galley.
scene_heading: INT. WORK STATION - DUSK 222
text: Hearing the sound of the ELEVATOR, Ali turns, seeing that
text: Fran is gone. He looks at the red light over the
text: elevator. He gestures to the elevator.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Kill her.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER GALLEY - DUSK 223
text: Fran emerges from the elevator. Suddenly, Grant is
text: behind her, his hand over her mouth. He turns her around,
text: their eyes meeting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 223
text: The ELEVATOR ACTIVATES, lifting up to the main floor.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: No sound. Sit over there, put
dialog: your head down, like you're crying.
dialog: Do it, now.
text: She moves to the opposite bulkhead, pulling down the
dialog: jumpseat.
text: The MOTORS WHINE again as the elevator begins to lower.
text: The door opens and the Terrorist emerges. Seeing Fran
text: sitting across from him, he raises his weapon to fire.
text: A voice from behind calls out:
speaker_heading: GRANT (0.S.)
dialog: Hey!
text: Startled, the Terrorist turns, facing Grant, aiming a .22
text: silenced pistol at him. The Terrorist starts to move and
text: Grant FIRES, TWICE, two tiny red holes appearing in the
text: Terrorist's head. He falls to the floor in a heap. Grant
text: is stunned, momentarily overcome by what he has just done.
text: Fran stares back at him, realizing this is not a cold-
text: blooded killer. He looks at her as if asking for help
text: and then kneels, stripping the Terrorist of his clothes.
text: He looks at Fran.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: The man in 148... we're going to
dialog: stop him.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: What do you want me to do?
text: He stares at her, fear in his eyes.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Help me get close enough to kill
dialog: him.
text: Grant continues to strip the clothes from the Terrorist.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - CLOSE ON INTERIOR 224
scene_heading: OF SPHERE - DUSK
text: as Cahill continues, painfully, inch by inch, to move the
text: plastic strip towards the armature.
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER GALLEY - DUSK 225
text: Grant, now dressed in the terrorist's clothing, is speak-
text: ing on his headset.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We're ready...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Here's how it goes: soon as you
text: hit the sleeper, it's lights out
text: and we go. We're on infra-red.
text: The plane's system will kick the
text: lights back on in six seconds,
dialog: that's all the surprise we've got.
dialog: Make it count.
text: Grant lays down the headset, pulling Fran into the
dialog: elevator.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS CENTER - CONFERENCE ROOM - DUSK 226
text: Kaplan and his team are watching the situation map, show-
text: ing the 747's position, relative to the U.S. coast-line,
text: the F-14's tracking the jet, and a flashing, fail-safe
text: line, indicating that the 747 has already crossed the
text: point where it was determined it must be destroyed. The
text: elapsed time clock indicates six minutes remaining on the
dialog: additional ten minutes.
speaker_heading: MAJOR-GENERAL
dialog: They'll be starting their descent
dialog: in about ten minutes.
speaker_heading: DCI
dialog: At thirty-five thousand feet our
dialog: loses would be minimal. Every
dialog: thousand feet of descent, the
dialog: death toll from fallout will
dialog: increase dramatically.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I pray you've made the right
dialog: decision.
text: Kaplan continues to stare at the situation map.
text: As he does, we PAN DOWN TO the table, to the open folder,
text: the one previously given to Kaplan by the Arab diplomat.
text: We SLOWLY PUSH IN ON a photograph of a man, early fifties,
text: fair complextion, balding, with cold, intense eyes. It
dialog: is a face we have never seen before, certainly not the
dialog: man in 148-B.
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - MID-CABIN - DUSK 227
text: The dark-complected man in 148-B looks cautiously around
text: him pushing his computer deeper into the seat.
scene_heading: INT. MID-CABIN WORK STATION - DUSK 228
text: Grant emerges from the elevator, pushing Fran as if she
text: were his prisoner. Holding the automatic weapon in his
text: left hand as a shield across his face, we see that in
text: his right hand he is holding the .22 Beretta, flat
text: against her back.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Just keep walking. Eyes straight
dialog: ahead. When I push you, hit the
dialog: floor and stay down.
text: Fran moves forward, her face frozen with fear. They
text: enter the aisle, moving towards the man at the window,
text: his head barely visible some ten rows away. On the
text: other side of the cabin, the Terrorist Guard sees them,
text: but as he can only view Grant from the rear, he continues
text: on his patrol.
text: Grant focuses his attention on the man, now seven rows
text: away. But he fails to see the Terrorist on patrol in
text: the next section aft, moving AWAY FROM us and towards
dialog: the work station.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DUSK 229
text: With the intensity of a jeweler about to cut the Hope
text: Diamond, Cahill guides the plastic straw close to the
text: open points, through the deadly, complicated maze of
text: light beams.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Little more, little more... light
dialog: as a feather. Come on up, Leroy,
dialog: you're all mine... easy now.
text: In CLOSEUP we see that Cahill is almost to the points
text: with the plastic strip.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN AREA - DAY 230
text: Grant is now only three rows away. As he takes the last
text: step he pushes Fran aside, spins around, leveling the
text: pistol directly at the man's face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 230
text: We RACK FOCUS OVER the gunsights of the pistol INTO the
text: paralyzed face of the man in 148-B. Grant's finger
text: touches the trigger and then, stops...
text: Grant stares at the man, seeing him for the first time,
text: focusing on his eyes, the trembling lip and the unmistak-
text: able fear and utter confusion of an innocent man.
text: Grant spins back to the aisle, meeting Fran's stunned
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It's not him...
text: Grant reaches across the seats, grabbing the computer,
text: yanking it towards him. As he does, the computer smashes
text: into the seat back, the battery pack splitting open, a
text: flood of glittering diamonds, cascading over Grant's leg
text: and onto the floor.
text: Grant drops the computer, his eyes whipping across the
text: sea of faces before him -- who is it?
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAY 231
text: Cahill inching closer to the points with the plastic
dialog: strip.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN AREA - DAY 232
text: In the next section aft, alerted by the commotion, the
text: Terrorist Guard has moved through the work station and
text: seeing Grant's face in profile, raises his weapon to fire,
text: Grant still unaware of his presence.
text: Suddenly, the Air Marshal springs like a jack-in-the-box
text: from his seat, a .357 revolver held in combat stance.
text: Grant reacts, raising his weapon...
speaker_heading: AIR MARSHAL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Behind you!
text: The Marshal FIRES, the terrorist guard ripped off his
text: feet, slammed into the seats, but FIRING back as he falls,
text: the Marshal hit, spinning, dropping. Chaos spreads
text: through the passengers, Grant still probing, searching the
text: faces before him. Suddenly his eyes make contact and lock
text: onto a face, a man seated in an aisle seat on the opposite
text: side of the plane and several rows forward...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
speaker_heading: 235A
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 232
text: We CRASH ZOOM IN ON the face, the face of the man on the
text: photograph! Grant has found his man. He points his
text: weapon, shouting...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Freeze!
text: Suddenly, like a flushed quail, the man panics, reaching
text: for something wedged between his jacket and the seat. But
text: his fingers fumble the object, which falls to the floor.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Everybody, down!
text: As the man lurches to the floor, Grant FIRES, the BULLET
text: EXPLODING into the headrest. Grant plants his foot on
text: an armrest and in a wild, crawling scramble across the
text: center section seats, races desperately to beat the man
text: to the detonator.
text: On the floor, the sleeper, with trembling hands, flips
text: open the lid to a six-inch square calculator-like device,
text: rapidly punching in a four-digit code.
text: Grant, in a last desperate lunge, goes airborne in SLOW
text: MOTION, twisting and FIRING as he clears the last row of
text: seats, delivering a fatal head shot to the sleeper, just
text: as the sleeper's finger touches the detonation switch!
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - CLOSEUP DETAIL - 233
scene_heading: MACRO SHOT - ARMATURE - (SLOW MOTION) - DUSK
text: ROARING down towards the contact point, crushing down on
text: the very tip of the plastic straw.
text: Cahill's face in total shock.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - DUSK 234
text: The lights trip off as the circuit breaker is blown,
text: leaving everything in semi-darkness. Passengers scream.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS SECTION - DUSK 235
text: Baker kicks open the storage doors in the nose, bursting
text: into the room.
scene_heading: BAKER'S POV - IN INFRA-RED 235A
text: as he races towards the startled Terrorist. Baker FIRES
text: his TASER UNIT, the deadly barb hurtling towards the
dialog: Terrorist's chest...
speaker_heading: 235B
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
speaker_heading: 237A
dialog: 238
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE 235B
text: The Terrorist throws up his hands, reacting in an
text: electrical spasm as he is hit by the taser, his body
text: surrounded by a blue-white glow of static-electricity.
scene_heading: INT. MID-CABIN AREA - DUSK 236
text: The ceiling panels disintegrate as they are blown apart,
text: a powerful flash illuminating the cabin.
scene_heading: INT. BUSINESS CLASS - DUSK 237
text: As Rat kicks through the sleeper doors behind the
text: business class seats.
scene_heading: RAT'S POV - IN INFRA-RED 237A
text: as Ali Hassan and his partner turn in shock. Rat FIRES
text: the STUN-GUN, the projectile mushrooming into a pancake-
text: sized disc which slams into Ali Hassan's chest, driving
text: him backwards into the cockpit. With his other hand, Rat
text: FIRES a TASER UNIT into the chest of the other Terrorist,
text: electrocuting him.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - DUSK 238
text: Charlie drops through the hole in the ceiling in
text: silhouette, landing in a crouch as the lights flash back
dialog: on.
text: Charlie recovers and stands, FIRING his hand SHOTGUN,
text: point-blank at the Terrorist in the aisleway, spinning
text: to take out another with his pistol. The Terrorist is
text: knocked sideways against the seats, his finger closing
text: on the trigger of his AUTOMATIC WEAPON, letting loose a
text: BURST which rakes across the cabin, SHATTERING TWO
text: WINDOWS.
text: An incredible EXPLOSION RIPS THROUGH the PLANE as the
text: aircraft depressurizes, a portion of the hull is ripped
text: away like paper, in an instant two rows of seats vanishing
text: in a gaping hole...
text: Oxygen masks drop as overhead bins erupt, the cabin
text: becoming a hurricane of RUSHING WIND, the plane plummet-
text: ing into a steep dive, the air filled with paper, debris,
text: blankets, food trays, luggage and other flying objects.
text: Charlie is sucked off his feet and slammed against the
text: wall near the gaping hole where the windows used to be.
text: Several passengers grab him, preventing him from going
text: out the window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 238
text: Baker, racing down the aisle is also ripped off his feet
text: by the implosion, hurling him over several seats and
text: into the wall. He falls, clinging to the seats.
text: Grant, moving towards the Terrorist in the rear is knocked
text: to the floor by the blast of air rushing past him. As
text: he falls, he is hit by a briefcase, knocking the pistol
text: from his hand.
scene_heading: INT. BUSINESS CLASS SECTION - DUSK 239
text: Rat is sucked off his feet and pulled down the stairwell
text: amid a whirlpool of rushing air and debris.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DUSK 240
text: The Captain grabs the yokes as the plane noses over into
text: a steep dive.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: We're losing control!
text: The Pilot and First Officer frantically fight to regain
text: control of the plunging airplane.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DUSK 241
text: Lurches into a radical dive, SCREAMING towards the ocean
dialog: below.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DUSK 242
text: Cahill is thrown from the baggage container, across the
text: room, an avalanche of baggage covering him, Cappy's
text: stretcher plunging backwards into the container at a near
text: forty-five, Cappy's head coming to rest, inches from the
text: bomb, his good arm pinned beneath his body. Cappy looks
dialog: up at the bomb as we:
text: ZOOM IN CLOSE ON the bomb, the plastic straw, still
text: trapped between the points by a mere millimeter beginning
text: to vibrate.
scene_heading: INT. BUSINESS CLASS - DUSK 243
text: Ali Hassan struggles to his feet. Although bleeding
text: severely from the mouth and suffering severe internal
text: injuries from the stun-gun, he struggles on, crazed and
text: unstoppable. He moves to the stairwell.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 243
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 243
text: Rat is fighting to pull himself back up the railing when
text: he looks up, seeing Ali Hassan above him. Before he can
text: react, Ali Hassan FIRES his 9mm HANDGUN, the impact of
text: the bullet knocking Rat down the stairs. Ali Hassan
text: follows.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DUSK 244
text: Inches from Cappy's eyes the plastic straw vibrating
text: out-of-control. Another second...
text: Sweat pouring from his face, Cappy strains to free his
text: bandaged arm from the tape holding it to his chest. He
text: moves the clumsy bandage towards the strib. Three inches
text: away, it seems like a mile. Cappy struggles, wide-eyed,
text: his hand moving a fraction of an inch further, but shaking
text: so hard he's in danger of knocking the strip from the
dialog: points.
text: He moves closer. Unable to grasp the strip, Cappy lines
text: up his bandaged hand, aiming at the strip. With the last
text: of his strength he lunges, pushing the strip between the
text: points. Cappy collapses.
scene_heading: INT. REAR OF PLANE - DUSK 245
text: Grant, crawling over the seats, pulling himself along,
text: nearly swimming over the passengers, trying to get to the
text: Terrorist in the rear of the plane.
text: The Terrorist gets to his feet, seeing Grant. He levels
text: his weapon but Grant leaps, grabbing the Terrorist, a
text: struggle ensuing for control of the weapon.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SECTION - DUSK 246
text: The pressure is now beginning to stabilize as Baker
text: fights his way to his feet. He makes his way to Charlie,
text: lying in the aisle, nearly unconscious.
text: Baker moves through the work station heading for the rear
text: of the plane, but as he steps into the aisle, Ali Hassan
text: smashes Baker across the face with his pistol, knocking
text: him to the floor.
text: In the rear of the plane, Ali Hassan can see the fight in
text: progress between Grant and the Terrorist.
dialog: 247
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: INT. REAR OF PLANE - DUSK 247
text: Grant, struggling to tear the weapon from the Terrorist's
text: hands. As they spin around, the WEAPON FIRES, a burst
text: ripping through the ceiling.
text: With a final effort, Grant knees the Terrorist in the
text: groin, twice, ripping the weapon free, using it to
text: bludgeon the Terrorist to the floor. Grant falls as well,
text: the weapon flying from his hands, lodging under a seat.
text: Grant, exhausted, nearly sick, struggles to his feet and
text: turns. Facing him is Ali Hassan, his face wild and
text: crazed. He raises his weapon, leveling it at Grant...
text: But his eyes go wide in shock as several SHOTS RING OUT.
text: Blood spurts from Hassan's mouth as he turns and falls,
text: face down.
text: Standing behind him is Fran, Grant's .22 automatic in
text: her hand. She looks at the gun, her hand beginning to
dialog: tremble.
text: Grant takes the weapon, bending to pick up Ali Hassan's
text: weapon as well. As Grant rolls over the body...
text: Ali laughs, a grenade in his hand. He pulls the pin.
text: Instinctively, Grant lunges, his hand grabbing Ali's,
text: holding it and the grenade handle closed.
text: A desperate struggle ensues, Ali fighting to release the
text: grenade, Grant to keep control of Ali's hand while trying
text: to subdue him. As they slam against the outer bulkhead,
text: Grant looks up, seeing an emergency exit door. Wrestling
text: himself into position, Grant kicks upward with all of his
text: strength, the release handle for the door flying, the
text: door pivoting outward as the emergency slide, in an
text: explosion of air, extends...
text: Grant breaks free, shoving Ali backwards. As Ali flies
text: out the door, making a desperate grab for the slide, he
text: drops the grenade, spoon flying, the grenade wedging in
text: the doorway.
text: Ali, arms entangled in a safety line, is ripped to the
text: end of the slide, flapping wildly in the wind.
text: Grant kicks the grenade, dislodging it from the doorframe,
text: the grenade skittering down the slide. Ali screams...
speaker_heading: ALI'S POV OF SLIDE
text: The 747 in the b.g., the grenade bounding towards him...
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DAY 248
text: The yellow slide, Ali clinging to the end like a tail on
text: a kite, disappears in a FIERY EXPLOSION.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DUSK 249
text: Cahill, battered and bruised, climbs INTO VIEW, seeing
text: Cappy, uypside down, the plastic strip in place.
text: Carefully he crawls into the container, and with a pair
text: of wire cutters, clips through the wires at the bottom
text: of the sphere, leading to the points. He finds the com-
text: unit, keying the mike.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (to mike; shaking)
text: This is Cahill. The bomb's
dialog: dismantled. We're safe.
text: Cahill moves alongside Cappy, struggling to push the
text: stretcher out of the container. Gasping, he puts his arm
text: across Cappy's chest, grabbing his hand.
speaker_heading: CAHILL
dialog: (exhausted)
dialog: Cappy, you did it, you did it.
speaker_heading: CAPPY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We did it, Cahill.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DUSK 250
text: The Captain, still fighting the controls, begins to pull
text: the plane out of its dive. The altimeter reads 3,000
text: feet as the plane begins to level out.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - DUSK 251
text: Begins to nose upward.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS CENTER - DUSK 252
text: Kaplan and his team watching the overhead situation
text: board, indicating the path of the 747 as it begins to
dialog: gain altitude.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: They're leveling out... gaining
text: altitude, five thousand feet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 252
text: OVER the SPEAKERS, a voice breaks the tension.
speaker_heading: GRANT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Castle Rock, this is Grant. We're
text: in control of the airplane. The
dialog: bomb has been defused. We need a
dialog: place to land.
text: Hugging, back-slapping pandemonium spreads through the
text: room like wildfire.
speaker_heading: MAJOR-GENERAL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Congratulations, Captain. We're
dialog: diverting you now to Carson Air
text: Force Base. The F-14's will
dialog: escort you.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR FORCE BASE - DUSK (SUNSET) 253
text: Where an isolated runway is lined with crash trucks and
text: other emergency vehicles. The trucks spraying the field
text: with fire-retardant foam are just completing their work
text: and are leaving the field.
text: All eyes look to the sky. Waiting. OVER the RADIO on
text: one of the Jeeps, we hear the final report from the Air
dialog: Traffic Control Center.
speaker_heading: TRAFFIC CONTROLLER (V.O.)
text: Flight 343, now on final approach.
text: Emergency crews stand-by.
text: Someone points to the horizon. In the red glow of the
text: setting sun, we see the familiar sight of the crippled
text: 747, drifting closer to earth.
text: Moments later, the airborne monster touches down once
text: again, plowing through the foam as the crash trucks
text: close in behind, following it down the runway.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - DAY 254
text: As the PLANE THUNDERS through the foam, its wheels on
text: solid ground, an incredible, deafening cheer explodes from
dialog: every man, woman, and child, the incredible nightmare
text: ordeal, finally at an end.
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - TARMAC - NIGHT 255
text: The 747 sits illuminated by powerful floodlights, attached
text: to special cranes. The area is heavily guarded and sur-
text: rounded by squads of fire trucks, ambulances, military
text: vehicles and a huge, bomb-disposal rig, from which demo-
text: lition experts are unloading with a forklift a huge steel
text: box, into which the bomb will be placed.
text: The cargo doors to the 747 are open and men in EVA suits
text: are entering the plane. The terrorists' bodies, now in
text: body bags are being placed in the bed of a large truck.
scene_heading: INT. 747 MAIN CABIN - NIGHT 256
text: Rat, an I.V. attached to his arm, is carried down the
text: aisle by medics. Behind, Cappy is gently moved on his
text: stretcher, Cahill still at his side.
text: As the Air Marshal is lifted INTO VIEW on a stretcher,
text: Grant appears at his side, shaking his hand. The Marshal
text: looks up at Fran.
speaker_heading: AIR MARSHAL
dialog: (groggy, sedated)
dialog: The magazine. Didn't know what
dialog: you were getting at until I saw
text: his face.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Well, whatever you're talking
dialog: about, you did the right thing.
dialog: Tell these guys to take good care
dialog: of you.
text: The stretcher is removed, Grant turning to Fran.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Thank you...
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Fran. By the way, you've got a
dialog: hell of a lot of explaining to do.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Let's just say, we came along for
dialog: the ride. Rest is... classified.
text: An Army CORPORAL appears, handing Grant a black, aluminum
dialog: suitcase.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 256
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Captain Grant. They're patching
dialog: Mr. Kaplan through.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There's also an ‘eyes only' message
dialog: for Colonel Travis.
text: He looks at Fran, shrugging.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'll be up front.
text: Grant accepts the case, dropping into a seat. He opens
text: it to reveal a Satellite Communications Unit, containing
text: a scrambler telephone, computer keyboard and screen.
text: Grant turns it on, typing in an access code. On the
text: screen a message appears: EXECUTIVE DECISION.
text: Grant, remembering, reaches in his pocket, retrieving the
text: mag-code strip. He inserts it into the computer. A new
dialog: message appears:
dialog: Have prepared bon voyage for Jaffa.
dialog: Cousin Reggie.
text: Grant hits the enter key, the following appearing:
scene_heading: EXECUTIVE DECISION READY. CODE KEY ACCESS:
scene_heading: 04973/WILDFIRE-1.
text: Beside him, the gentle BLEEP of the TELEPHONE is heard.
text: He lifts the handset from the black case.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Captain Grant. Yes, go ahead.
dialog: (line crackles)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Kaplan.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - STUDY - NIGHT 257
text: Kaplan is sitting in an easy chair, a drink at his side.
text: He looks nearly as weary as Grant.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: I think I can say, Captain, this
dialog: is a day either of us won't soon
dialog: forget.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How are the men?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 257
dialog: 258
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 257
speaker_heading: GRANT (V.O.)
dialog: (faint)
text: One wounded, one pretty shaken but
dialog: they're both going to make it.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: The President personally sends
dialog: his deepest thanks. I'm sure he
dialog: will want to meet with you when
dialog: he returns. We all owe you a
dialog: great debt, Captain Grant. Thank
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - CABIN AREA - NIGHT 258
text: Grant listening to Kaplan.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN (V.O.)
dialog: We have accomplished a tremendous
dialog: victory, but our satellite
dialog: intelligence reports indicate that
text: Jaffa is just now touching down in
dialog: North Africa. I hate to see that
dialog: bastard get away.
text: Grant places the black case on his lap and begins to enter
text: something on the keyboard as he talks. On the screen we
dialog: see:
scene_heading: CODE KEY ACCESS: 04973/WILDFIRE
scene_heading: CODE KEY APPROVED/SECURE LINE READY FOR TRANSMIT.
dialog: Grant types in:
scene_heading: SAT-COM UPLINK/ABLE 666 WILDFIRE-1
text: The screen flashes with the data as it is processed.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Yes, sir, I agree. I hate to see
dialog: the bastard get away.
text: The screen flashes with new information:
scene_heading: SAT-COM UPLINK ESTABLISHED. WILDFIRE-1
text: READY TO TRANSMIT.
dialog: Grant types in:
scene_heading: ACTIVATE: EXECUTIVE DECISION.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 258
dialog: 259
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
dialog: 263
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 258
text: The screen flashes:
scene_heading: READY TO ACTIVATE: EXECUTIVE DECISION.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH AFRICA - DESERT LANDING STRIP - DAWN 259
text: The executive jet is taxiing into position on a tarmac.
text: In the distance we see that an escort of a dozen vehicles
text: is approaching.
text: The plane rolls to a stop, the cabin door opening.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - CABIN AREA - NIGHT 260
text: Grant is staring at the screen, the words "READY TO
text: ACTIVATE: EXECUTIVE DECISION" holding steady. We HOLD
text: ON his eyes, remembering...
dialog: He types in:
speaker_heading: ACTIVATE.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: The Arabs have a saying, 'Those
dialog: who would bare the torch of the
dialog: devil, shall be consumed in its
dialog: flames.'
text: His finger holds over the ENTER key, pausing, a slight
dialog: tremble of hesitation...
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH AFRICA - DESERT LANDING STRIP - DAWN 261
text: Jaffa appears in the doorway. Seeing the arriving
text: escort, he holds up his arms in a gesture of victory.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - DAWN 262
text: As the approaching escort draws nearer, we see Jaffa in
text: the doorway of the jet, his arms raised. In the lead
text: Jeep, a man dressed in desert fatigues stands and raises
text: his arms.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTIVE JET - BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT - DAWN 263
text: Where attached to the airframe are a dozen sticks of C-4
text: plastic explosive, wired to an electronic transfer box.
text: A tag reads: "Happy Landings, Love and Kisses, Reggie."
text: A RELAY on the box CLICKS...
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 266
dialog: 267
dialog: 131.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - DAWN 264
text: Suddenly the jet erupts into a gigantic fireball, which
text: lights up the desert sky for miles.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL VIEW OF DESERT LANDING STRIP - DAWN 265
text: As if seen from a satellite, the expanding fireball racing
text: across the runway, the escort vehicles turning desperately
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - NIGHT 266
text: CLOSE ON Grant's finger as he releases the computer key,
text: the audible CLICK intensified. We GO TO Grant's face.
text: He breathes deeply, the first relaxed breath in many
text: hours. He closes the case and puts his head back, closing
text: his eyes. The mission is over.
text: He gets to his feet, walking down the now empty aircraft.
text: Reaching the doorway, he steps outside, inhaling deeply
text: the cold night air. At the bottom of the ramp, Fran is
dialog: waiting.
scene_heading: EXT. 747 - NIGHT 267
text: Grant descends the ramp. He looks back at the towering
text: 747, still majestic despite the gaping holes in its side.
text: He turns to Fran.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: END CREDITS ROLL and we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
