scene_heading: EXTREMELY WICKED, SHOCKINGLY EVIL, AND VILE
dialog: by
dialog: Michael Werwie
dialog: based on true events
scene_heading: Numbered Pre-Production Draft (12/11/17)
speaker_heading: Current Revisions (12/21/17)
dialog: 12/21/17
dialog: Find what you love and let it kill you.
dialog: --Bukowski
scene_heading: THE BUZZSAW POWERCHORDS OF THE RAMONES (OR SOMETHING SIMILAR)
text: CARRY US THROUGH FAST CUT ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE OF HOW THE WORLD
text: WAS IN THE ‘70S, BEFORE IT KNEW TED BUNDY...
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOEY RAMONE (V.O.)
dialog: Hey! Ho! Let's go!
dialog: Hey! Ho! Let's go!
scene_heading: It was sexy... BELL BOTTOMS... FLARES... SUNDRESSES... FARRAH
scene_heading: FAWCET... DAVID BOWIE... etc.
text: It was cool... MUSCLE CARS... PUNK ROCK... STEVE MCQUEEN...
text: IGGY POP... etc.
text: It was eerily similar to the world today... WATERGATE...
scene_heading: VIETNAM... PROTESTS... RACIAL TENSION... TERRORISM... etc.
text: Amid these iconic images, we INTERCUT 8MM/16MM FOOTAGE of all
text: the young people at Seattle’s LAKE SAMMAMISH on July 14,
text: 1974... sunbathing... swimming... laughing... having fun...
text: A more innocent time back then. Evil still looked like
text: “evil” and it was easily recognizable... MANSON... ZODIAC...
dialog: SON OF SAM... GACY... and therefore it was easily avoidable.
dialog: But one man would change it all...
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Liz.
text: ABSTRACT SHOTS OF... female hands opening an envelope...
text: unfolding a long, multi-page letter... eyes reading...
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: This will be my last letter and if
dialog: anyone deserves to hear it as it
dialog: was, it’s you.
text: Gradually, the innocent scenes from Lake Sam give rise to
text: NEWS REPORTS of the disappearance of two young women --
text: Janice Ott and Denise Naslund -- within an hour of each
text: other, at busy Lake Sam, in the middle of broad daylight.
text: INTERCUT SHOTS OF... police interviewing beachgoers...
text: detectives canvassing the area... a sketch artist at work...
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: After I clear my name, which will
dialog: undoubtedly require a modicum of
dialog: legal wrangling, I intend to get my
dialog: hands on whoever’s responsible for
dialog: these unconscionable crimes to
dialog: ensure they never do it again.
text: Meanwhile, the Ramones start to slow... the vocals get
text: deeper... the song sounds WARPED...
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: I admit, I am in a little trouble,
dialog: but it’s all going to work out.
text: INTERCUT AUDIO of witnesses giving generic, if not completely
text: contradictory, descriptions of a suspect...
dialog: He had blond hair / He had brown hair / He was British / He
dialog: was American / He drove a light car / He drove a dark car /
dialog: It was metallic / It was matte / It was a Volkswagen -- the
dialog: most popular car in America / etc.
text: All as the Ramones continue to WARP DOWN to molasses...
text: CROSSFADING DOWN as a dangerous SCORE FADES UP...
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: If anything goes wrong, you’1l be
dialog: reading about me in the papers.
text: A NEWSPAPER THUDS DOWN INTO FRAME -- with a generic looking
text: POLICE SKETCH OF A MAN. Could be anyone. Your neighbor.
dialog: Your friend. Your brother.
text: OVER, WE HEAR ONE SIDE OF A PHONE CALL (Shoot it too):
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: King County Sheriff's Department.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa, can you take a
dialog: deep breath, ma’am, slow down, and
dialog: describe him for me?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Does he look anything like the
dialog: sketch?
dialog: (beat)
text: A minor resemblance is still a
dialog: resemblance, I guess. What kind of
dialog: car does he drive?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let me stop you right there. It’s
dialog: the right car but the wrong color.
dialog: He’s not the guy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I understand you're afraid, but
dialog: it’s not the guy. I can put his
dialog: name down if it’ll help you sleep
dialog: at night, but...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No, he won’t find out.
dialog: By now, the Ramones have left the building and our score
text: CRESCENDOS to an unpleasant volume, churning a sense of dread
dialog: in the pit of our stomach...
text: SMASH TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: Your love gives me hope. It always
dialog: has. It always will.
text: After a long beat... the safe, soft, saccharine melody of the
text: Archies’ 1969 hit, “Sugar, Sugar”, kicks in...
speaker_heading: THE ARCHIES (V.O.)
dialog: Can't believe the loveliness of
dialog: loving you...
dialog: (backup vocals)
dialog: Can't believe it’s true...
scene_heading: INT. SANDPIPER TAVERN - NIGHT 2
dialog: We’re taken back to...
dialog: SUPER: 1969. Five Years Earlier
dialog: The height of innocence and bubblegum pop. It’s ladies night
text: at a popular college bar. Two frothy beers plunk down on a
text: table crowded with empties, where LIZ commiserates with her
text: best friend JOANNA.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Why did you have to drag me to a
dialog: college bar? I feel invisible
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: The best way to get over someone is
dialog: to get under someone.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: No guy wants to go with a single
text: mom who works as a secretary.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: Tonight you’re not a single mom,
dialog: you're single. You’re not a
dialog: secretary, you have a secretary.
dialog: And how can you be invisible if
dialog: that guy’s been staring at you all
dialog: night?
text: Liz glances across the way at someone who causes her to
text: momentarily lose herself. We don’t see him yet -- we stay on
dialog: her. Because she just fell in love.
speaker_heading: THE ARCHIES (V.O.)
dialog: You are my candy girl...
dialog: And you got me wanting you...
text: Liz looks away. Takes a long pull on her beer.
speaker_heading: LIZ
text: He’s not staring at me, he’s
text: staring at the blonde on the dance
text: floor who’s not wearing a bra.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: I think he’s coming over.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I think if I hear one more love
dialog: song I’m going to puke.
text: Liz gets up. Stumbles. She’s had a few. On her way to the
text: jukebox, she fumbles coins from her pocket which roll away.
text: As she curses to herself and crouches to find them, TWO FEET
dialog: step up.
text: The stranger opens his palm revealing a single coin.
text: Liz rises to meet TED. Handsome. Dapper. A smile that
text: turns strangers into friends. She has yet to look away from
dialog: his beautiful blue eyes. We have too. He has a clean cut,
text: preppy look compared to all the longhairs.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s my last dime so we better make
dialog: it a good one.
text: In the background, Joanna checks out his ass. Gives Liz
text: emphatic approval. Liz can’t find her voice.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I haven’t seen you here before.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: It’s the first time I’ve been out
dialog: since I moved to Seattle.
speaker_heading: TED
text: Explains the new car smell.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: No, that’s just Utah.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That’s in Wyoming, right?
text: Liz hides a smile. They flip through the selection cards.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: So what do you do? Work? School?
dialog: Race car driver?
text: Liz glances at Joanna in the background. Tries out her lie:
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I make heart valves.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m a lawyer. Ever hear of voir
dialog: dire?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Is that Latin or are you slurring
dialog: too?
text: Ted bashfully laughs -- one of his endearing qualities.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Is it that obvious?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: So what are you going to play for
dialog: me, counselor?
text: He pretends like he’s studying her.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Given it’s taken you this long to
dialog: leave your seat, I’d say you’re
dialog: probably ready to move. Since you
dialog: needed four beers to get there, I
dialog: suspect you’re usually too shy to
dialog: dance. But you left it up to me,
dialog: so you're willing to take a risk.
dialog: And seeing as you spent the entire
dialog: night crying to your girlfriend
dialog: instead of noticing me noticing
dialog: you, I’m guessing probably not a
dialog: love song. Unless you’re feeling
dialog: hopeful?
dialog: This guy’s good.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: How are you feeling?
text: Ted inserts the coin. Punches a number.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Like we could both use some
dialog: company.
text: The opening pep of “Build Me Up Buttercup” by the Foundations
text: rile up the place. Liz wilts in shyness. Ted pulls her
text: toward the dance floor.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What’s the matter? They don’t have
dialog: dancing in Utah? What do they call
dialog: folks from Utah anyway? Utonians?
dialog: Utahites? Utahcrats?
text: Liz considers him. His eyes. His ease. His ear-to-ear grin
dialog: that’s as goofy as it is charming. There’s something about
text: him that’s magnetic. Liz downs the rest of her beer.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (hick voice)
dialog: Utaaaaaaahns.
text: They laugh and start dancing with complete and utter reckless
text: abandon. With the complete innocence of youth.
speaker_heading: THE FOUNDATIONS (V.O.)
dialog: Why do you build me up...?
dialog: Buttercup, baby, just to let me
dialog: down...
dialog: And mess me around...
dialog: And then worst of all...
text: After a while, Ted pulls Liz close. Feels more intimate:
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What do you say we get outta here?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I don’t even know your name.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: But you already feel like you've
dialog: known me all your life.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Because I feel the same.
text: The electricity is undeniable. Each sizzling with desire, he
text: leans in to kiss her...
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Wait. I don’t make heart valves.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: I’m not a lawyer.
text: Then, as if the world disappears around them, they kiss.
speaker_heading: THE FOUNDATIONS (V.O.)
dialog: Buttercup, don't break my heart...
scene_heading: EXT. SANDPIPER TAVERN - NIGHT 3
text: They stumble out laughing, heading for Liz's car.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m applying to law school after I
dialog: graduate -- if I ever finish my
dialog: Chinese Studies major, that is.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Does that mean you speak Chinese?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Wo zai sho-hua.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: What did you just say?
text: Ted shrugs. They both laugh. Liz, clearly the drunker one,
text: misses the keyhole on her car.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (John Wayne impression)
dialog: Now, listen here, pilgrim. A
dialog: cowboy never lets a lassie drive
dialog: drunk. Life is hard, but it’s
dialog: harder if you’re stupid, and
dialog: gettin’ behind that wheel is ri-god-
dialog: damn-diculous. So hand ‘em here,
dialog: or I’m gonna hafta frisk ya’.
text: She teasingly hides her keys behind her back so he has to put
text: his arms around her to get them.
scene_heading: EXT. UPSCALE NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT 4
text: Ted’s VW BUG pulls over in a nice neighborhood.
speaker_heading: LIZ (V.0.)
dialog: Why are we stopping?
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: I wanna show you something.
text: HOLD ON the IDLING ENGINE of Ted’s Bug.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Ted and Liz stroll arm-in-arm through the upscale
text: neighborhood, brown-bagging a bottle of wine, his coat around
text: her, comfortably close now.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Someday, when I’m a big-wig lawyer,
dialog: I’m going to buy one of these
dialog: houses.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: There’s one I like, it’s big, with
text: a brick chimney, and a view of the
dialog: Puget Sound, not far from here.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I can see it already -- warm fires
dialog: on cold Seattle nights, barbeques
text: in the backyard with friends...
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: And a Mercedes in the driveway?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: We should get a dog too! A big one
dialog: that we can take on hikes with us.
dialog: In fact, I can hear him barking
dialog: now. Do you hear it?
text: He makes her listen to the peaceful night breeze -- then
text: BARKS really loud in her ear, scaring her half to death.
text: They laugh and cuddle, the stars infinite and bright above.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S HOUSE - NIGHT 5
text: They arrive at her front door. Ted waits expectantly but Liz
text: looks hesitant about inviting him in.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Guess I better get going.
text: His disappointment is palpable. Liz is obviously conflicted.
text: Then the front door OPENS, revealing a HIGH SCHOOL GIRL with
text: her coat and backpack. Liz blushes, embarrassed.
scene_heading: HIGH SCHOOL GIRL
dialog: Sorry to interrupt, but you said
dialog: you'd be back two hours ago and I
dialog: have school tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Ted, this is Rachel. My sitter.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I understand if you want to go.
text: Liz braces for rejection like she’s used to it.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Why on earth would I want to do
dialog: that?
text: Liz sighs with relief.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 6
text: Ted and Liz look in on her BABY, asleep in a crib.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Are you sure you don’t want to run?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Only if it’s after you.
text: She smiles. They lay down on the bed, fully clothed. She
text: puts her head on his chest and closes her eyes. They fall
text: asleep together. Tender, sweet, and innocent.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ’S BEDROOM - DAY 7
text: Sunlight floods the room. Liz is sprawled out in bed. As
text: she wakes, the night’s events start to come back to her. She
text: looks over at the other side of the bed -- it’s empty.
dialog: And so is the crib.
text: Liz dashes out in a panic--
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY 8
text: --as Ted turns around with a knife, chopping omelette
text: veggies, cooing at Liz’s baby in a high chair. An idyllic,
text: domestic scene with brilliant morning light saturating
text: everything. He flashes that smile again when he notices Liz.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You looked so pretty sleeping, I
dialog: didn’t want to--
text: She cuts him off with a kiss. This is what love looks like.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: EXTREMELY WICKED, SHOCKINGLY EVIL, AND VILE
scene_heading: BEGIN TITLE SEQUENCE:
text: A collage of PHOTOS and HOME MOVIES that show the blossoming
text: of a spectacular relationship: Two beautiful young lovers...
text: a baby that’s growing up... holidays... vacations...
dialog: birthdays... ticket stubs... a love we all hope for.
text: The images start to come faster, the passage of time shown by
text: the baby growing into a LITTLE GIRL, faster, faster still...
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - NIGHT 9
text: A Volkswagen Bug sputters by dark houses in the pre-dawn
dialog: hour.
text: SUPER: Utah. Six Years Later.
scene_heading: INT. VOLKSWAGEN BUG - CONTINUOUS 10
text: Ted’s hunched over the wheel, driving the quiet, dark street.
text: His hair is longer, shaggier now.
text: In his rearview, he notices another car tailing him, which he
text: can only make as a silhouette behind the headlights.
text: Ted gives it a little gas but the other car keeps pace.
text: Suddenly the high beams flip on. He squints from the
text: reflection in his rearview. Scared now, Ted punches it.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - CONTINUOUS 11
text: The Volkswagen Bug accelerates. The pursuing car keeps pace.
text: Ted burns through a stop sign.
text: Only then do we realize that the pursuing car is a cop!
scene_heading: INT. VOLKSWAGEN BUG - CONTINUOUS 12
text: Red and blue lights play over Ted’s face. He curses and
text: steers over.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - CONTINUOUS 13
text: Ted cuts the engine and gets out. He strolls to the rear of
text: his car as the cop pulls in behind. Ted shrugs, flashes that
text: million dollar smile -- now becoming familiar to us.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (sheepishly)
dialog: I guess I’m lost.
dialog: 11.
text: The cop is BOB HAYWARD, a no-nonsense highway patrol veteran
text: on the tail end of his shift. Smiles don’t work on him.
scene_heading: OFFICER HAYWARD
dialog: You ran two stop signs, son.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I do apologize, Officer, but I
dialog: couldn’t make your car with the
dialog: headlights in my eyes and, well, I
dialog: guess I got spooked.
scene_heading: OFFICER HAYWARD
dialog: Got a license?
text: Ted produces his ID.
scene_heading: OFFICER HAYWARD
dialog: What’s a kid from Seattle doing in
dialog: Granger, Utah this time of morning?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I caught a late movie at the
dialog: Redwood but I obviously missed the
dialog: interstate on my way home. These
dialog: subdivisions, man...
scene_heading: OFFICER HAYWARD
dialog: Must have been a good movie, drove
dialog: all the way from Washington.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I live in Salt Lake now. I’ma law
text: student at the University of Utah.
text: Hayward pans his flashlight inside Ted’s car.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (small talk)
dialog: My girlfriend lives in Seattle.
dialog: I’m going to propose once I
dialog: graduate. Right now, I’m just
dialog: trying to save money for a ring so
dialog: I'd really appreciate getting off
dialog: without a ticket, if you can find
dialog: the heart.
scene_heading: OFFICER HAYWARD
dialog: What’d you see tonight?
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The Towering Inferno.
text: Hayward pans the flashlight back on Ted.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
text: HANDCUFFS snap around Ted’s wrists.
text: Hayward shuts Ted in the back of a squad car.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT 14
text: Ted laughs, shaking his head at the absurdity of events as
text: Hayward removes items from a black canvas duffle bag...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s just junk I picked up around
dialog: the house, I swear.
dialog: Garbage bags... flashlight... gloves... rope...
dialog: (NOTE: Additional items need to be shot; see end montage.)
text: “POSSESSION OF BURGLARY TOOLS,” reads the arrest report.
scene_heading: OFFICER HAYWARD
dialog: Ever been to the town of Murray?
scene_heading: INT. LINE UP ROOM 15
text: Ted and seven doppelgangers file into a lineup facing their
text: own reflections in a two-way mirror. Ted steps forward,
text: turns profile, swallows hard.
scene_heading: INT. PHOTO ROOM 16
text: Ted turns for a mug shot, eyes ringed with shock.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HANSON (PRE-LAP)
dialog: You are hereby charged with
dialog: aggravated kidnapping and attempted
dialog: criminal assault.
text: The flash bulb POPS.
scene_heading: INT. DISTRICT COURT - ARRAIGNMENT HEARING - DAY 17
text: Ted stands for arraignment, face drained of color.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HANSON (0.S.)
dialog: Trial is set for the twenty-third
dialog: of February.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HANSON (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You shall remain in the custody of
dialog: the Salt Lake County Sheriff's
text: Department. Bail is set at one
dialog: hundred thousand dollars.
text: The GAVEL-POUNDS.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY MEDICAL DIVISION - DAY 18
text: Liz types at her desk. A FRAMED PICTURE of her and Ted
text: caught in a moment of uncontrollable laughter beside.
speaker_heading: JERRY (0.S.)
dialog: Hey Liz, isn’t this your boyfriend?
text: Liz's work neighbor JERRY -- unassuming, kinda shlubby --
text: leans over to show her a newspaper. What she sees stuns her.
text: She starts to feel uncomfortable when she notices coworkers
text: looking at her. (She’s the only woman who works here.)
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM - UTAH - DAY 19
text: Ted's lawyer JOHN O'CONNELL enters in his usual cowboy hat
text: and boots. He’s tall, bearded, with overgrown black hair.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: John, what the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Let’s start on November 8th, 1974.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: If I can’t remember where I was on
dialog: a random night one year ago, it’s
dialog: because my memory does not improve
dialog: with time. It’s safe to say what I
dialog: was not doing, however. I was not
dialog: having heart surgery, nor was I
dialog: taking ballet lessons, nor was I in
dialog: Mexico, nor was I abducting a
dialog: complete stranger.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: An alibi would be the best first
dialog: step.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I don’t even know this woman! My
dialog: heart goes out to her because that
dialog: is a truly awful thing for anyone
dialog: to have gone through, but she’s
dialog: obviously mistaking me for someone
dialog: else.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: The good news is there’s no
dialog: physical evidence and eye witness
text: testimony is precarious at best.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Why is this happening?
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: You remember anything about two
text: girls disappearing at a lake last
dialog: year in Seattle?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (searching)
dialog: Yeah, I remember a police sketch of
dialog: the suspect in the paper -- all my
dialog: friends teased me about a
dialog: resemblance. No one was serious,
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Someone must have been because your
dialog: name landed on a list. When the
dialog: Utah police got wind of that, they
dialog: started looking at you with more
dialog: serious eyes because a similar
dialog: thing has been happening here.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I have a girlfriend, who has a
dialog: young daughter, both of whom I love
dialog: dearly. I would never hurt a
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: There are twelve hundred names on
dialog: that list and last I checked, brown
text: hair and blue eyes are hardly
dialog: grounds for conviction. It’s an
dialog: open and shut case, as far as I’m
dialog: concerned. Let me do what I do
dialog: best and in the end it’1ll be
dialog: nothing more than a funny story you
dialog: tell at cocktail parties. You’re
dialog: posting tomorrow.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: My bail’s a hundred grand.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: For a boyscout with no priors? I
dialog: knocked it down to fifteen.
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I don’t have fifteen.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Your pals in the Washington State
dialog: governor's office passed a hat
dialog: around. You think Utah’s top
dialog: defense attorney works pro bono?
text: Ted smiles. Finally good news.
speaker_heading: POURING RAIN (PRE-LAP)
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LIZ’S HOUSE - DAY 20
text: Wine POURS into a glass. Liz anxiously bounces her knee at
text: the table with the newspaper Jerry showed her laid out before
text: her. She takes a big drink.
text: Also at the table, her daughter MOLLY (now 8) draws a picture
text: of a shark with crayons.
text: The DOORBELL RINGS.
dialog: Before Molly gets up--
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Stay here.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - DAY 21
text: Liz opens the door, revealing Ted holding a newspaper over
text: his head in the rain. As he takes her face in his hands to
text: kiss her -- she slaps him.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Jesus, Liz! What was that for?
text: Liz shows him the newspaper he was using as an umbrella.
text: He’s mortified by the headline.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: How many stop signs did you run?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 22
text: We finally see the newspaper: “Seattle Man Arrested in Utah”
text: with TED’'S MUGSHOT. Picking up mid-argument:
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You don’t actually believe this
dialog: garbage, do you?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: For chrissakes, Liz, I don’t know
dialog: if I should be offended or rolling
text: on the floor laughing.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: It’s in all the papers, Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That must make it true then. In
dialog: six years, have I ever laid a hand
dialog: on you? When we went shopping for
dialog: ski racks and that lady got her
dialog: purse snatched, what did I do?
dialog: What did I do, Liz?!
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You ran him down.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (re: newspaper)
dialog: Is that the behavior of a man who
dialog: does this? Jesus, Liz. You wanna
dialog: search my bags too?
text: Liz breaks down crying.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Come here, stupid.
text: Ted pulls her into a hug.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I didn’t tell you because I didn’t
dialog: want you to freak out. It’s not
dialog: exactly something to say over the
dialog: phone. And, honestly, I was
dialog: embarrassed. It’s all a big
dialog: misunderstanding. I know it’s hard
dialog: being apart, but we only have four
dialog: semesters standing between us and
dialog: our place on the Sound with a
dialog: Mercedes and a dog, just like we
dialog: always dreamed.
text: The moment's interrupted when Molly charges in, excited to
dialog: see Ted.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Ted!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Monkey! I missed you so much!
dialog: 23
text: Ted scoops her up, slings her over his shoulder,
text: her up and down.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Sack o’ potatoes! Sack o’
dialog: potatoes!
text: Molly laughs hysterically. It’s their game.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (to Molly)
dialog: I missed you so much, monkey. What
dialog: do you say we get cheeseburgers and
dialog: root beer floats tonight, and be
dialog: big fatsoes?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Can we go to the Pepper Pod, Mom?
dialog: Can we, can we, can we?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah, can we, Mommy?
text: Liz considers Ted and Molly. A precious sight.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (reassuring, to Liz)
dialog: It’s just a big misunderstanding.
dialog: I’ve got it all under control.
text: Liz finally softens. She believes him.
scene_heading: INT. HAMBURGER STAND - NIGHT
dialog: 17.
dialog: and bounces
dialog: 23
text: Ted and Liz talk over cheeseburgers and fries while Molly
text: colors with crayons on butcher paper.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You can ask me anything you want.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Did you do it, Ted?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No, monkey. And I hired the best
dialog: defense attorney in Utah and he
dialog: says this case has no legs. It’s
text: all going to be thrown out.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Why did she pick you out of the
dialog: lineup?
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: My lawyer found out the police
dialog: showed her my picture beforehand --
dialog: twice. So of course I looked
dialog: familiar to her. But that’s not
dialog: the worst part. What happened in
dialog: Utah wasn’t dumb luck, Liz. The
dialog: police already had my name.
dialog: Someone gave it to them.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Who would do that to you?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m sure I made a few enemies the
dialog: year I worked the Rockefeller
dialog: campaign, but that was politics.
dialog: This is personal. It doesn’t add
dialog: up, Liz. The traffic stop, sure --
dialog: that was wrong place, wrong time --
dialog: but the way it escalated? What the
dialog: hell are “burglary tools” anyways?
dialog: There was nothing in my car you
dialog: wouldn't also find in your own
dialog: house right now. Only reason it
dialog: was in there was because I was
dialog: cleaning up before your visit.
dialog: Now, suddenly I’m on trial, it’s in
dialog: all the papers, and my name’s been
dialog: smeared before I even had a chance
dialog: to clear it.
dialog: (looks past her)
dialog: See that car over there? It’s been
dialog: following me since I got back.
dialog: (leans in)
dialog: I_think I’m being set up.
text: A sense of paranoia builds as Liz turns to look... until
text: she’s startled by--
speaker_heading: MOLLY (0.S.)
dialog: Done!
text: Molly shows them a CRAYON SHARK DRAWING she just did.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: It’s a thresher shark. They have a
dialog: tail as long as their whole body.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: They do?! How did you get so
dialog: smart, monkey?
dialog: 24
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I read a lot.
text: Ted tickles Molly, as Liz looks at the DARK SEDAN out the
text: window Ted was referring to. She looks worried for Ted.
text: Over the din of a cocktail reception:
speaker_heading: ROSS DAVIS (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Hold on to this one, honey. He’1l
dialog: be governor himself one day.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BANQUET ROOM - NIGHT 24
text: A Republican fundraiser. ROSS DAVIS, Chairman of the WA
text: State Republican Party, slings his arm around Ted, boasting
dialog: to Liz.
speaker_heading: ROSS DAVIS
dialog: This man single-handedly got Dan
text: Evans re-elected.
text: Ted secretly rolls his eyes at Liz. He excuses himself to
text: steal away with Liz for a moment.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I know how you hate these things so
dialog: I won’t be completely torn up if
dialog: you want to leave.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Great. Then you won’t mind if I
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: These people raised money for your
dialog: defense!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: And I’m grateful, but c’mon, I’ve
dialog: had yawns more exciting than this.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: We do need to get the sitter home
dialog: by ten, but I thought I was
dialog: dropping you at the law library to
dialog: get ready for trial?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN (0.S.)
dialog: Welcome home, stranger.
dialog: 20.
text: They're interrupted by a tall woman in thick, tinted glasses,
text: who hugs Ted. Pretty in a boyish way, her name is CAROLE ANN
speaker_heading: BOONE.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Carole Ann! My goodness. How are
dialog: you? Have you met my girlfriend
dialog: Liz?
dialog: (to Liz)
dialog: Carole Ann and I worked together at
dialog: DES in Olympia years ago.
dialog: (to Carole Ann)
dialog: How's your son?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: He just turned eight.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Oh, that’s my daughter’s age.
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Maybe they’1l date.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (excusing himself)
dialog: Will you excuse us a second, Carole
dialog: Ann?
text: Ted walks Liz to the exit.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: How will you get to the library?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I just squeezed fifteen grand out
dialog: of the Republican Party, I’m sure I
dialog: can hitch a ride.
text: He pretends to bite her nose. Liz smiles. Completely in
text: love. As she exits, Ted sees her off... then Carole Ann
text: moseys over next to him.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: She seems great.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: She's the best. Liz is my rock.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: Everything's going to be okay, you
dialog: know. The young Republican who
dialog: worked the suicide prevention
dialog: hotline? How many lives have you
dialog: saved, for godsakes?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoever this woman accusing you is,
dialog: I’m sure she’s just mixing you up
text: with another handsome stranger.
text: There’s an awkward pause. Ted smiles bashfully. Carole Ann
text: has a noticeable spark in her eye for Ted.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: If you need anything -- anything at
dialog: all...
text: Ted blushes, registers the roaring sexual tension.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 25
scene_heading: INT. UW LAW LIBRARY - NIGHT 26
text: Ted enters the law library. All the girls turn their heads,
text: one by one, watching him pass. One girl watches him from
text: over her NEWSPAPER. Ted sends them all friendly smiles and
text: winks, loving every second.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM / BEDROOM - NIGHT 27
text: Liz brushes her teeth before bed, as her eyes land on TED’S
text: SUITCASE. She goes to it, thinks for a beat, then looks
dialog: through clothes, toiletries, check book, etc. Nothing out of
dialog: the ordinary.
text: She smells his clothes. Off her ambiguous look...
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTACKS - UW LAW LIBRARY - NIGHT 28
text: Ted browses legal tomes. An ATTRACTIVE GIRL catches his eye
text: through the HORIZONTAL GAP in the bookshelf. They can only
text: see each other’s EYES. She smiles at him.
text: Ted smiles back. Moments later, she nudges a book from her
text: side, JUTTING OUT the opposing book on Ted’s side. Ted
text: debates, then returns a nudge of his own.
text: They repeat this exchange, a flirtation like PIANO KEYS down
text: the shelf, until they get to the end where there are no more
text: books and they finally see each other’s faces.
text: They’re both startled by a SECURITY GUARD...
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Sir, will you come with me please?
text: ANGLE ON -- the girl reading the newspaper, watching Ted get
text: escorted out, as the camera lands on TED’S MUGSHOT.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: EXT. UW LAW LIBRARY - NIGHT 29
text: Ted protests as he’s escorted out.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I am an alumnus of this school!
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Look, buddy, you seem like a nice
dialog: guy, but you’re making the girls
dialog: nervous.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What do they think I’m going to do,
text: knock ‘em over the head and attack
dialog: ‘em in the bookstacks?
text: The guard shuts the door on Ted. Fuming, Ted spots a SIMILAR
text: DARK SEDAN across the street. The same one, or different?
text: We can’t tell. He marches up to it. Bangs on the window.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey! Who are you? I know you’re
dialog: following me!
text: The car starts up and drives away.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Who sent you?!
text: As it speeds off into the darkness, Ted fills with anger.
text: Paranoia. Fear. He stands in the quiet night... alone.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 30
text: Dead of night. Liz is fast asleep. She stirs, squints her
text: eyes open... and realizes SOMEONE’s sitting next to her UNDER
dialog: 
text: THE SHEETS with a LIGHT ON.
text: She screams! Jumps up!
text: Ted startles out from under the sheets. Flashlight in his
text: hand. Surprised by Liz’s reaction.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (re: flashlight)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Ted shows her a paperback he’s reading. Astute viewers may
dialog: notice it’s Capote’s In Cold Blood.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Reading.
dialog: 31
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: With a flashlight under the sheets?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I didn’t want to wake you.
text: They realize the absurdity of the situation and break into
text: laughter. As Liz starts to catch her breath...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I think we should get married.
text: Liz loses her breath completely.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - DAY 31
text: Two skiers zzzzZZZZOOOOOOMMMM past in a blur. Ted and Liz
text: cut down a daunting double black diamond. Liz pulls ahead.
text: Ted crouches lower. Gains ground. Neck and neck, fast
text: approaching the finish...
text: ...Liz wins by a hair! She taunts him in celebration. He
text: tackles her in the snow and kisses her
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SALT LAKE CITY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Ted and Liz meet O’Connell outside the courtroom on their way
text: in. Ted’s clean shaven in a light blue/gray suit, white
text: shirt, and bow tie -- and noticeably tanner.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Where'd you fly in from, Barbados?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Liz and I hit the slopes yesterday.
dialog: We're engaged! Once we win this
dialog: thing, I might just make you my
dialog: best man.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (re: O’Connell’s beard)
dialog: You'll have to shave for our
dialog: wedding photos, of course. Won't
dialog: you scare the jury with that thing?
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: If we had one. We waived it.
dialog: Local press all but convicted him
dialog: so an impartial jury was hard to
dialog: find.
dialog: 33
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: You waived the jury? Shouldn't we
dialog: have talked about this?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s a good thing, Liz.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: The whole case hinges on eyewitness
dialog: testimony which is notoriously
dialog: unreliable, but the most likely
dialog: thing for a jury to convict on.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That's why we’re putting it all in
text: the hands of the judge.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Hanson’s a fair-minded guy with a
dialog: reputation for controversial
dialog: acquittals. I went to school with
dialog: the sonofabitch.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (to O’Connell)
dialog: You're really going to shave for
dialog: the wedding?
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Blow me.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 310 - SALT LAKE CITY COURTHOUSE - DAY 33
text: JUDGE HANSON presides over a high-ceilinged courtroom. No
text: jury in the box.
text: Ted finds Liz in the sparse gallery. Sends her a wink as the
text: prosecutor DAVID YOCOM delivers his opening statement.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: Your Honor, November 8th, 1974 may
dialog: have been just another rainy night
dialog: for most of Murray, Utah, but it
dialog: was a life-altering tornado of
dialog: horror for one woman in particular.
dialog: She was shopping for a birthday
dialog: gift at the Fashion Place Shopping
dialog: Mall when she was approached by a
text: man posing as a police officer. He
dialog: flashed a badge and asked her to
dialog: come with him.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 34
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM (CONT'D)
text: As the daughter of a police
dialog: officer, she felt foolish to
dialog: question his authority, so she
text: followed him to the parking lot
dialog: where he led her to what he claimed
text: to be an unmarked police vehicle.
dialog: When he drove in the opposite
dialog: direction of the police department,
dialog: she knew she was in trouble. When
text: he slapped a handcuff around her
dialog: wrist, she knew she was in danger.
text: Fortunately, before he could latch
text: the other, she twisted free and
dialog: fled for her life.
dialog: (beat)
text: Then he pursued her with a crowbar.
text: The courtroom suddenly drops a few degrees.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 310 - SALT LAKE CITY COURTHOUSE - LATER 34
text: CAROL DARONCH, a soft-featured, 19-year old, strawberry
text: blonde girl, relives the pain of that night.
speaker_heading: CAROL DARONCH
text: I was kicking him, and screaming.
text: He held a small black gun to my
dialog: head and said, “If you don’t stop
dialog: screaming, I’m going to kill you.
dialog: I'll blow your brains out.” I fell
text: backward out of his car, and I ran
dialog: as fast as I could.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: As best you recall, Carol, is that
dialog: man present in court today?
speaker_heading: CAROL DARONCH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: Where is he seated?
text: She timidly looks toward Ted, who looks equally sympathetic
text: and incredulous. Liz sends him support from the gallery.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: Let the record show the
dialog: identification of the defendant.
dialog: No further questions, Your Honor.
text: Ted's lawyer JOHN O'CONNELL rises in his usual cowboy hat and
text: boots. He’s out for blood.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Ms. DaRonch, it is your testimony
dialog: now that you did scratch this man?
speaker_heading: CAROLE DARONCH
dialog: All my fingernails were broken.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Yet in the preliminary hearing Mr.
dialog: Yocom asked, “Do you recall ever
dialog: scratching him with those
dialog: fingernails?” and you answered,
dialog: “No.” Do you have an explanation
dialog: for that?
speaker_heading: CAROL DARONCH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: In fact, the officers on November
dialog: 8th asked if you remembered if you
dialog: hurt the man in any way, and you
dialog: told them no then too, didn’t you?
speaker_heading: CAROL DARONCH
dialog: I don’t remember.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: You also said he had a mustache.
dialog: But shortly after the incident you
dialog: said he didn’t. Then sometime
dialog: later you decided he did again?
speaker_heading: CAROL DARONCH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: When did you make that decision?
speaker_heading: CAROL DARONCH
dialog: Right after I decided that he
dialog: didn’t have one.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Ms. DaRonch, had the police shown
dialog: you any pictures of the defendant
dialog: prior to your identification of him
dialog: at the October 2nd lineup?
speaker_heading: CAROL DARONCH
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: You did in fact pick his picture
text: out of a pile. But when asked why
dialog: you chose his picture specifically,
dialog: you stated, “It looks something
dialog: like him, but I really couldn't say
dialog: for sure.”
text: DaRonch looks down. Tears up.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Tell me, Ms. DaRonch. If you were
dialog: unsure of your identification then,
dialog: ten months after the incident, what
dialog: makes you so sure of it now, nearly
dialog: a_year and a half later?
text: DaRonch is at a complete loss.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Now Ted’s on the witness stand -- dapper, relaxed, and
text: confident. Liz sends him encouragement from the gallery.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: Do you remember the night of August
dialog: 16th, 1975?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Isn’t that why we’re all here?
text: A few laughs in the courtroom. Not even a grin from Yocom.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: You were arrested for fleeing an
dialog: officer.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Objection, Your Honor.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: You were arrested for evading an
dialog: officer.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Objection.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: How about rabbited?
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: Fine. Why did you “rabbit” from
dialog: Officer Hayward?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The truth?
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: Only that which you swore to tell
dialog: in whole and nothing but.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: I was smoking marijuana.
text: O'Connell nearly leaps out of his chair.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Objection! Your Honor, I’d like to
dialog: request a five minute conference
dialog: with my cli--
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s okay, John.
dialog: (to Yocom)
dialog: I was smoking grass and had to air
dialog: out the car. I’m only grateful the
dialog: officer didn’t notice me flick it
dialog: out the window or he’d have stuck
dialog: me with littering too and then I'd
dialog: really be up a creek.
text: Chuckles in the court. 0O’Connell’s about to faint.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: But you withheld this detail from
dialog: your arresting officer, and
dialog: apparently even your own attorney.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I was embarrassed.
speaker_heading: DAVID YOCOM
dialog: That may be, sir, but at the end of
dialog: the day a lie is a lie.
text: Ted sheepishly grins, the gravity of his candor sinking in.
scene_heading: 35 INT. JOHN O’CONNELL’S OFFICE - DAY 35
text: O'Connell barges in, followed by Ted and Liz.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Stoned?!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Now, John, let’s just relax here.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Do you realize you just took a dump
dialog: on our entire defense? The game
dialog: plan was keep your mouth shut and
dialog: stick to the script.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I won't sit there like a stuffed
dialog: shirt while the state distorts all
dialog: the facts. They’re railroading me!
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Your grandstanding took precedence
dialog: over basic strategy and now it’s
dialog: all but done you in.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: People respect honesty. I think it
dialog: was courageous. The truth is
dialog: always the way to go.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: In court, truth is what you leave
dialog: out -- especially when it’s a
dialog: liability.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: It’s going to turn out fine. I
dialog: know it. I have a feeling.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
text: It’s in the judge’s hands now. All
dialog: we can do is hope.
text: Liz takes Ted’s hand as a melancholy falls over the room.
scene_heading: EXT. DOG POUND - DAY
text: Ted and Liz walk up to a dog pound.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Are you sure you want to do this
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: If not now, when? Just because we
dialog: don’t have our house on the Sound,
dialog: doesn’t mean we can’t look for the
dialog: dog...
text: Ted opens the door for Liz.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: I/E. DOG POUND - DAY 36
text: Ted and Liz look at DOGS IN CAGES.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (re: a specific dog)
dialog: What about this guy? He looks like
dialog: a good roommate.
text: Ted doesn’t respond -- he’s distracted by all these animals
text: in cages. An ominous a reminder of his very possible future.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Earth to Ted...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: He’s right. This thing should have
dialog: been a slam dunk. Why couldn’t I
dialog: just keep my mouth shut?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: If you could do that we never would
dialog: have met.
text: Her attempt to lighten the mood falls flat. She notices
text: Ted’s hand shaking. She takes it in hers. Knows she needs
dialog: to be the strong one now.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No matter what happens, promise you
dialog: won't leave me, Liz. I don’t know
dialog: what I'd do without you.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I would never.
text: The BARKING in the background gets louder and more primal.
text: He stares them down.
scene_heading: INT. TED'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 37
text: Warm, intimate tones. Close, intimate SHOTS: A half-empty
text: bottle of tequila. A salt shaker. Chewed up limes. A
text: turntable playing a LOVE SONG. Ted’s pet plant “FERN.”
text: Ted and Liz fool around -- drunk, giggling, undressing each
text: other in a romantically playful way.
text: As it starts to get heavy -- he GRABS her by the hair. She
text: gasps in exhilaration. It’s hot. Two beautiful people in
text: passionate throes.
text: Ted throws her on the bed. His eyes fix in a primal stare.
text: Liz stares back in a hot combination of fear and desire...
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 31.
text: As Ted goes in for the kill.
scene_heading: INT. TED’S APARTMENT - LATER 38
text: Ted and Liz catch their breath in twisted sheets, sharing a
text: joint, looking like they just got fucked by a tornado.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: “Last Night of Freedom” sex?
text: She shoots him a look.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Too soon.
scene_heading: A GAVEL CLACKS... (PRE-LAP)
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 310 - SALT LAKE CITY COURTHOUSE - DAY 39
text: Restless murmurs die down to eerie silence. Judge Hanson
text: looks out over the courtroom. Ted and Liz make flirty eyes
text: from a distance. Last night still on their minds.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HANSON
text: After an agonizing weekend
dialog: pondering the arguments presented
dialog: in this courtroom, and by the power
dialog: vested in me as both judge and
dialog: jury, I hereby find the defendant
dialog: guilty of aggravated kidnapping
dialog: beyond a reasonable doubt.
text: Liz's blood runs cold. Her entire world flipped upside down.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JUDGE HANSON
dialog: You will be remanded to the Utah
text: State Prison to await sentencing.
dialog: This court is adjourned.
text: CLACK! A court deputy handcuffs Ted, shell-shocked. Liz
text: moves toward him but another deputy holds her back.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Ted...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Everything's going to be okay, Liz.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Ted, I’m sorry...
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Don’t give up on me, Liz. I’m
dialog: going to fix this. I promise!
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Ted, I’m sorry!
text: She stretches to touch him, but court deputies pull him away.
text: WE STAY WITH LIZ... watching her heart and soul ripped away.
text: Crying. Two lovers. Torn apart.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. UTAH STATE PRISON - DAY 40
text: Gates open to a drab, geometric compound coiled in razor
dialog: wire.
scene_heading: 41 INT. PROCESSING - DAY 4l
text: Ted strips for a medical inspection while Jimmy Carter’s
text: victory speech plays on a TV.
scene_heading: 42 INT. PRISON CELL - DAY 42
text: Ted carries prison-issue bedding and amenities and takes in
text: the spartan digs as the door locks behind him.
speaker_heading: LIZ (PRE-LAP)
dialog: (phone-filtered)
dialog: Is it scary?
scene_heading: 43 INT. PRISON PHONEBANK - NIGHT 43
text: On the phone, Ted tries to shield the sound of an off-screen
dialog: fight between inmates.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Let’s just say men convicted of
dialog: crimes against women have a short
dialog: shelf life in here. Everyone was
dialog: lined up to see me when I arrived.
dialog: They made me walk the gauntlet.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 44 INT. LIZ'S HALLWAY - NIGHT 44
text: Liz sits with a glass of wine, imagining the worst, while
text: Molly plays with rubber shark toys in the tub.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: This whole thing is going to be
text: overturned, Liz.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: We've already filed an appeal.
dialog: I’ve been working day and night on
dialog: it. How’s Molly?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Ask her yourself...
text: Liz brings the phone into the bathroom for Molly.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: How's Jamaica, Ted?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (goes with it)
dialog: Uh, just like the postcards,
dialog: monkey. What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Playing with sharks. When are you
dialog: coming home?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Soon as they print more plane
dialog: tickets, monkey. They ran outta
dialog: ink! I sure do miss you.
text: Liz takes the phone back and returns to the hallway.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Jamaica?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I was caught off guard.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Everything's going to be okay, Liz.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I want to come see you.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I was hoping you’d say that.
text: They each find smiles despite the distance. Their connection
dialog: remains strong as ever.
scene_heading: 45 INT. PRISON LIBRARY - NIGHT 45
text: Ted works late into the night annotating reams of legal
text: files. A MAN IN A SUIT approaches. Better dressed than a
text: guard, not as polished as a lawyer.
speaker_heading: MAN IN A SUIT
dialog: Mind if I join you?
dialog: 34.
text: Ted offers him a seat. Glimpses a DETECTIVE’S BADGE on his
text: belt. We’ll learn he’s DETECTIVE MIKE FISHER.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: What’cha up to?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Indexing seven hundred pages of
dialog: testimony.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: Sounds fun.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Not when it’s about you.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: Ever been to Colorado, Ted?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: My lawyer told me not to talk to
dialog: cops.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: My badge give me away?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No, your five dollar haircut and
dialog: complete disregard for my time.
dialog: What’s your game? I’m kind of
dialog: busy.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: Did you say seven hundred pages?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The longest yarn ever spun.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: This is no yarn, pal.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Then why does it all unravel if you
dialog: pull at any one thread?
dialog: (rattling it off)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: It was a nonconsensual search,
dialog: there was nothing in my car you
dialog: wouldn't also find in your own
dialog: garage, they showed my picture
text: twice to the accuser before putting
dialog: me in an unfair lineup next to
dialog: seven other guys who looked nothing
dialog: like me, all the evidence is
text: circumstantial, the witness is
dialog: unreliable, she contradicted
dialog: herself multiple times, and she’s
dialog: on record saying she’s only ninety
dialog: percent certain it was me.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: Ninety percent sounds pretty
dialog: certain.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: A standard interpretation of
dialog: “beyond a reasonable doubt” is, “If
dialog: after a consideration of the
dialog: evidence, you are ninety-five
dialog: percent certain that the defendant
dialog: is guilty, you must acquit, because
dialog: there is reasonable doubt.” Not
dialog: even she could have found me
dialog: guilty!
dialog: 
text: Fisher grins. Impressed.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: Sounds like one whale of a tale,
dialog: Ted, and I’m sure you're going to
dialog: run the table on them, but all I
dialog: really want to know is if you ever
dialog: set foot in your friendly neighbor
dialog: to the east.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mister, I’m a full-time law
dialog: student. I hardly have time to
dialog: step off campus.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: Is that a no?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I should get back to plotting my
dialog: escape.
text: Fisher stands. Buttons his jacket.
dialog: 46
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: You were.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Sorry?
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: You were a full-time law student.
dialog: And for the record, my game is
dialog: homicide. Catch ya’ soon.
dialog: 
text: Fisher knocks on the table and walks away.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I can give you the number of a good
dialog: barber.
dialog: (under breath)
dialog: Asshole.
text: Ted watches him go.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY MEDICAL DIVISION - DAY 46
text: Liz stares at that framed picture of her and Ted laughing.
text: Her work neighbor Jerry discreetly leans over...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Liz, you have a call on line two.
text: Liz looks at the BLINKING LIGHT on her phone. She picks up.
text: Talks in a whisper:
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: University Medical Division.
speaker_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Hi, Liz, this is Detective Mike
dialog: Fisher. Do you have a moment?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER (V.O.)
dialog: I think you know what it’s about.
text: Liz turns away from Jerry.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (even quieter)
dialog: They told me he was cleared.
speaker_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Who did?
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: The Seattle police.
speaker_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER (V.O.)
dialog: I don’t work in Seattle. I work in
dialog: Colorado.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I’m sorry, there’s nothing I can
dialog: help you with.
speaker_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Ms. Kendall, it’s my understanding
dialog: you've been cooperating with
dialog: Seattle authorities?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please don’t call me anymore.
text: Liz hangs up. Fields a look from Jerry. She returns
dialog: 37.
dialog: to that
text: framed picture of her and Ted laughing. Concern sets in.
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM - DAY
text: Ted enters in good spirits, all things considered.
dialog: 47
dialog: His
text: chains jangle. His lawyer O’Connell waits, looking serious.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Give me good news, John. Did the
dialog: appeal go through?
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: I told you not to talk to anyone.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I didn’t.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: You didn’t tell a homicide
dialog: detective you’d never been to
dialog: Colorado?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The guy with the hair?
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: He had your gas slips. He knew you
dialog: were lying. He was baiting you.
dialog: He’s going to extradite you for
dialog: murder.
text: Like all the air got sucked out of the room.
dialog: *
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: But I didn’t lie.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: You’ve never been to Colorado?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m an avid skier, John, of course
dialog: I’ve been to Colorado. Liz and I
dialog: have been all around Colorado. But
dialog: I didn’t tell him I have, and I
dialog: didn’t tell him I haven't. I
dialog: didn’t tell him anything. He’s
dialog: putting words in my mouth!
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: He’s transferring you to Aspen
dialog: where the state will establish
dialog: cause to go to trial.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Since when is it a crime to go to
dialog: Colorado?
speaker_heading: JOHN O’CONNELL
dialog: Since detectives in surrounding
dialog: states started looking for
dialog: commonalities in their open cases
dialog: and finding ways to make you fit.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: John, you have to stop this.
dialog: They're railroading me!
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: I’m not licensed in Colorado. I
dialog: can give you names of good counsel,
dialog: but they’re expensive. Otherwise,
dialog: they’1l provide you with a public
dialog: defender.
text: Ted looks like he just got punched in the gut.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: Did you learn nothing from your
dialog: trial? When you don’t know the
dialog: angle, you keep your mouth shut.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: How bad is it?
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: JOHN O'CONNELL
dialog: They're not saying, but my advice?
dialog: If you can’t pound on the facts,
text: pound on the table.
text: O'Connell snaps shut his briefcase and gets up. Off Ted,
text: alone. Shell-shocked.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 48
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S HOUSE - NIGHT 49
text: Joanna watches Liz pour a double vodka. They keep their
text: voices down because Molly’s sleeping.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: (re: vodka)
dialog: Bad day?
speaker_heading: LIZ
text: Ted’s on his way to Colorado.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: Colorado?
text: Liz takes a big gulp.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: It’s about a missing girl, isn’t
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: It’s a mistake, Jo.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: The news said Seattle PD’s looking
dialog: at him in connection to those two
dialog: girls who disappeared from Lake Sam
dialog: that one summer. Remember that
dialog: sketch in the paper that looked
dialog: like him?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: That sketch looked like everyone.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: They're saying he’s on a suspect
dialog: list.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: There were over thirty thousand
dialog: names at one point. Every brown-
text: haired guy with a Volkswagen Bug.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: LIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a mistake -- the police told
dialog: me he was cleared -- twice.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: How do you even know that? And why
dialog: is he in jail? And how did his
dialog: name get on that list in the first
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think you should leave.
text: Liz downs the rest of her drink. She pours another. Joanna
text: watches, concerned by Liz’s behavior, then goes.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S SHOWER - NIGHT 50
text: Liz sits in the shower, crying uncontrollably beneath the
dialog: stream.
scene_heading: EXT. COLORADO HIGHWAY - DAY 51
text: The corrections van approaches the picturesque Rockies.
scene_heading: EXT. PITKIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Over an establishing shot...
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR (PRE-LAP)
dialog: These proceedings are a preliminary
dialog: hearing to rule whether there
dialog: exists sufficient evidence to
dialog: require a trial.
scene_heading: INT. PITKIN COURTROOM - DAY 52
dialog: The gallery has more people than the Utah trial, including
text: local reporters and photographers.
text: Ted sits with his new public defender, the young JIM DUMAS,
dialog: whose youth and inexperience will make John O’Connell seem
dialog: like a Jedi Master in comparison.
dialog: (NOTE: Any time Ted is in court he will be in civilian
dialog: clothes since he is not convicted of anything. He’s got an
dialog: awesome sweater/turtleneck/bow tie collection. ]
text: District attorney FRANK TUCKER stands before JUDGE LOHR.
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: D.A. FRANK TUCKER
dialog: Your Honor, the state of Colorado
dialog: seeks to prosecute the defendant to
dialog: the fullest extent of the law for
dialog: the murder of Caryn Campbell, who
text: disappeared from a well-lit hallway
dialog: at the Wildwood Inn in Aspen on
dialog: January 12, 1975. A month later,
text: her nude body was found in a
text: snowbank several miles away. She
text: was killed by blows to her head
text: with a blunt instrument that left
text: distinctive linear grooved
text: depressions on her skull.
dialog: Therefore, the state would like to
dialog: enter into record the defendant's
dialog: most recent conviction in Utah in
text: the attempted abduction of a young
text: woman with a crowbar bearing an
dialog: unmistakable similarity in shape to
text: the skull fractures found on Ms.
dialog: Campbell.
text: Ted kicks Dumas under the table -- do something.
speaker_heading: JIM DUMAS
dialog: Uh, objection, Your Honor.
text: Dumas stands before he knows what he’s going to say. Ted
text: writes something on a piece of paper for him.
speaker_heading: JIM DUMAS
dialog: Uh, your Honor, this is a baseless
text: and desperate ploy to conjoin
dialog: nonexistent areas of commonality
dialog: between two separate cases in two
dialog: separate states.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sustained.
text: Ted breathes a sigh of relief. That was close. A small
text: victory in a bigger ballgame. We hear camera shutters.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - LATER 53
text: DEPUTY WESTERLUND, steps out into the hallway to smoke as the
dialog: pre-trial continues...
scene_heading: INT. PITKIN COURTROOM - DAY 54
text: A FEMALE WITNESS points off-screen.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: FEMALE WITNESS
dialog: That’s him, Your Honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
dialog: Ma’am, are you sure you saw Caryn
text: Campbell in the corridor of the
dialog: Wildwood Inn with that man?
speaker_heading: FEMALE WITNESS
dialog: No doubt in my mind, Your Honor.
text: REVEAL she’s not pointing at Ted, but UNDERSHERIFF BEN MYERS.
text: An ERUPTION OF CAMERA SHUTTERS as murmurs ripple through the
text: room. Ted suppresses a smile. There may be hope after all.
scene_heading: 55 INT. UNIVERSITY MEDICAL DIVISION - DAY 55
text: Liz huddles on the phone, looking like hell, nursing a
text: splitting headache. She tries to speak quietly at work.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Guess where I am.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: No, really, guess.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I don’t know, Ted.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: Not even one guess?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: How the hell should I know?
text: She fields a glance from Jerry. Turns away, embarrassed.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 56 INT. LAW LIBRARY - PITKIN COURTHOUSE - DAY 56
text: Ted spins around in a swivel chair.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Well if you’re going to be a
dialog: spoilsport about it... I’m sitting
dialog: in the law library of the Aspen
dialog: Courthouse. Can you hear my chains
dialog: jangling?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: No, Ted. I can’t.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That's because I’m not wearing any!
text: WIDEN TO REVEAL -- Ted at a long, lacquered wooden table,
text: with no restraints. Aside from Deputy Westerlund guarding
text: the door, he’s alone.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I convinced the judge to make me co-
dialog: counsel which means I have all the
dialog: privileges of a lawyer. They gave
dialog: me a typewriter, a desk, trips to
dialog: the library, and uncensored use of
text: the phone. The other prisoners
dialog: think I’m some big-wig!
text: Ted watches Westerlund step out into the hall for a smoke.
text: Westerlund stays nearby, hitting on a YOUNG WOMAN.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Can we talk later? I have a
dialog: headache and I have to work.
text: She hangs up. After a beat, the PHONE RINGS again.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (answering)
dialog: University Medical Division.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I want to tell you about this book.
dialog: Have you heard of Papillon?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: A book?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s about a guy wrongfully
dialog: convicted of a terrible crime and
dialog: sentenced to life--
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Goodbye, Ted.
text: She hangs up. The PHONE RINGS again. Patience wearing thin:
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: What?
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: He obsesses over the day he’ll be
text: free again, spends years hatching
text: escapes, getting caught, punished,
text: beaten, and betrayed, but he never
dialog: loses hope. That’s my wish for us,
dialog: Liz -- that we never lose hope.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Does he make it out?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m not going to ruin the ending.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Call me tonight.
text: She hangs up. A small smile lingers.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 57
scene_heading: INT. LIZ’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 58
text: Liz is on the phone with Ted. A glass of wine nearby. She
text: absently switches on and off a lamp as they talk: On...
dialog: off... on... off...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What’s wrong? You seem distant.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Would you still love me if you
dialog: found out something awful you
dialog: didn’t know?
dialog: On... off...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Liz, you're scaring me. Are you
dialog: sure you’re okay?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I don’t know if I can stand another
dialog: trial, Ted. It’s too painful to go
dialog: through again.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s not a trial, it’s a
dialog: preliminary hearing to establish
dialog: cause to go to trial, which won't
dialog: happen because the evidence is all
dialog: fabricated and the eyewitness
dialog: picked out the wrong guy. They’re
dialog: going to throw this out and send me
dialog: back to Utah -- which is still
dialog: under appeal -- where I’1l1 finally
dialog: show it for what it is -- a witch
dialog: hunt. Have you bought your plane
dialog: ticket yet?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (again)
dialog: I can’t do another trial, Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You have to come, Liz. Promise
dialog: you'll come.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Liz? Promise you'll come!
text: Off Liz, staring. On... off.
scene_heading: INT. LAW LIBRARY - PITKIN COURTHOUSE - SAME 59
text: Still waiting on her answer, Ted hears her hang up. Or did
dialog: they get disconnected? Either way, it worries him.
speaker_heading: COURT DEPUTY (PRE-LAP)
dialog: All rise!
scene_heading: INT. PITKIN COURTROOM - DAY 60
text: Ted looks very distracted. First time he looks anything but
text: confident in court.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
dialog: As a pretrial, we're not here to
dialog: consider the credibility of the
dialog: evidence, only its existence,
dialog: therefore this court rules in favor
dialog: of the defendant standing trial for
dialog: the murder of Caryn Campbell.
text: HARD SMASH INTO Ted’s horror-stricken incredulity.
scene_heading: D.A. FRANK TUCKER
dialog: Your Honor, the state also seeks a
dialog: hearing to consider the death
dialog: penalty should the trial come to
dialog: that phase.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
dialog: We'll determine that at a later
dialog: date. For now, the defendant shall
dialog: be held without bail. This court
text: is adjourned.
text: Lohr clacks the gavel. Everyone rises but Ted, who remains
text: in paralytic shock.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Death penalty?
speaker_heading: JIM DUMAS
dialog: It’s just a formality. Their case
dialog: is circumstantial at best and their
text: centerpiece is an eyewitness
dialog: without very good eyes. It’s a
text: slam dunk.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Funny, my last lawyer said the same
dialog: thing.
text: As he’s shackled, a gust of wind BLOWS PAPERS off the table.
text: Ted notices BILLOWING CURTAINS at an OPEN WINDOW in the back.
scene_heading: INT. LAW LIBRARY - PITKIN COURTHOUSE - NIGHT 61
text: Ted waits on the phone, listening to it ring and ring and
text: ring, but no one picks up.
scene_heading: INT. TED'S CELL - NIGHT 62
text: Ted sits on his top bunk, stewing, staring down at the hard
text: floor, a decision taking shape in his mind...
speaker_heading: TELEVISION REPORTER (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Ted, you’re a law student standing
dialog: trial for murder, convicted of an
dialog: attempted kidnap, yet you adamantly
dialog: maintain your innocence. You've
dialog: been in Colorado two months. Does
dialog: it make you angry?
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK HALLWAY - DAY 63
text: In an on-camera interview, Ted now has a BEARD and OVERGROWN
text: HAIR. Despite the turmoil of his personal life, he exudes
text: infectious charisma. Smiling, articulate:
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Sure I get angry. I get very, very
text: angry and indignant.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION REPORTER
dialog: But you are not guilty?
text: INTERCUT: Ted jumps off the top bunk in his cell.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Does that include the time I stole
dialog: a comic book when I was five years
dialog: old?
text: INTERCUT: Ted jumps off his bunk again.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: I am not guilty of the charges
dialog: which have been filed against me.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION REPORTER
dialog: And the allegations?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: And the allegations.
text: INTERCUT: Ted jumps off his bunk again.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION REPORTER
dialog: And the rumors and innuendo...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: I don’t know all of what you’re
dialog: speaking about, it’s too broad and
dialog: I can’t get into it in any detail,
dialog: but I’m satisfied with my blanket
dialog: statement that I’m innocent.
scene_heading: 64 INT. LIZ’S HOUSE - DAY 64
text: Liz watches TED’S INTERVIEW with a drink in hand.
scene_heading: TELEVISION REPORTER (ON TV)
dialog: You have yet to stand trial and the
dialog: death penalty is already being
dialog: discussed.
speaker_heading: TED (ON TV)
dialog: I think I stand about as much
text: chance dying in front of a firing
dialog: squad as you do being killed ina
dialog: plane flight. Let’s hope you
dialog: don’t!
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL BARBER SHOP - DAY 65
text: Ted watches his own interview as he gets a shave and cut,
text: making him look very different from the interview footage.
scene_heading: TELEVISION REPORTER (ON TV)
dialog: You don’t lie awake at night
dialog: thinking about it?
speaker_heading: TED (ON TV)
dialog: Not a moment.
scene_heading: INT. TED’'S CELL - NIGHT 66
text: Ted jumps off his bunk again, sticking a hard landing --
text: steeling his ankles for impact.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Do you think about getting out?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TED'S TV INTERVIEW 67
text: A mischievous smile spreads across Ted's bearded face...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Legally, sure.
scene_heading: INT. PITKIN COURTROOM - DAY 68
text: Ted’s now clean shaven, with close-cropped hair, and we get
text: the sense he planned it that way. He’s also oddly bulked in
text: heavy layers despite everyone else’s light, summer clothing.
text: Just over his shoulder, the CURTAINS of the open window
text: BILLOW in the background.
text: Sweat rolls down his temple. Heat? Or nerves?
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
dialog: Does the defense have anything
dialog: further to add in this pretrial
dialog: sentencing consideration?
speaker_heading: JIM DUMAS
dialog: Your Honor, the death penalty is
text: premised upon blood vengeance. It
dialog: carries the very real risk that the
dialog: innocent will be executed.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 69
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: JIM DUMAS (CONT'D)
dialog: The defense requests that this
dialog: court exclude the death penalty on
dialog: the grounds that it is arbitrary
dialog: and capricious.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
dialog: Let’s take a fifteen minute recess
dialog: before concluding with the
dialog: prosecution’s final arguments.
text: Lohr bangs the gavel and retires to his chambers. The
text: courtroom empties out.
speaker_heading: JIM DUMAS
dialog: Let’s get some air.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m going to stay and practice my
dialog: final remarks if that’s alright.
text: Dumas exits, leaving Ted alone in the courtroom. Ted throws
text: a friendly smile to Westerlund, standing post at the door.
text: The curtains billow at the open window in the back.
text: Ted gets up. Wipes sweat from his temple. His heart thumps
text: loudly in his chest. He wanders around the room, pretending
text: to read a file while stretching his legs.
text: Westerlund finds his pack of smokes and steps into the hall
dialog: for his regularly scheduled smoke.
text: Once Westerlund exits, Ted climbs onto the sill of the open
text: window. Heart beating out of his chest. Random foot traffic
text: below. He steps out onto the ledge -- higher than he
text: expected. He steadies himself...
scene_heading: EXT. PITKIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: As a WOMAN waits for her LITTLE DOG to poop on the courthouse
dialog: lawn...
text: ...Ted_ jumps out _a second story window, twisting his ankle
text: upon landing. He gives a smile and a wave to the woman, who
text: watches him briskly limp away.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY 69
text: Westerlund flirts with the same YOUNG WOMAN:
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: DEPUTY WESTERLUND
dialog: .++.-Sso I unholstered my service
dialog: weapon, making like I was about to
dialog: discharge -- that means shoot --
text: and this punk drops to his knees
dialog: quicker than Warhol on a naval
text: ship, slides the record across the
dialog: floor right on up to my boots. You
dialog: know what it was? Iggy Pop. So I
dialog: arrested him for bad taste.
text: The WOMAN WITH THE LITTLE DOG and pooper scooper interrupts:
scene_heading: WOMAN WITH A LITTLE DOG
dialog: Pardon me, but is it common for
dialog: people to jump out of windows
dialog: around here?
text: Westerlund looks inside. His cigarette drops from his lips.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY - DAY 70
text: Ted sprints down an alleyway.
scene_heading: INT. PITKIN COURTHOUSE - DAY 71
text: Westerlund leaps down stairs, radio mic to his mouth.
scene_heading: DEPUTY WESTERLUND
dialog: Code 9! Repeat, Code 9 at the
dialog: Pitkin County Courthouse!
scene_heading: EXT. ASPEN STREET - DAY 72
text: Ted dashes across traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. PITKIN COURTHOUSE - DAY 73
text: Westerlund shoves outside, frantically looking everywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. ASPEN STREET - DAY 74
text: Ted ducks into some foliage. Strips down to blue jean
text: cutoffs and a long-john top. Ties a red bandana around his
text: head -- completely transforming his appearance.
scene_heading: INT. PITKIN COURTROOM - DAY 75
text: The court reconvenes to a heavy din of panic and surprise.
text: Dumas looks at Ted’s empty seat:
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: JIM DUMAS
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: That’s the poorest show of faith in
dialog: this argument I’ve seen yet.
scene_heading: EXT. ASPEN STREET - DAY 76
text: Now looking like a college student, Ted stuffs his excess
text: layers into a pack fashioned out of a turtleneck. Throws it
text: over shoulder. Rejoins the sidewalk traffic without a second
text: glance from anyone -- except those girls who think he’s cute.
text: Ted gives them a smile, like there’s nothing wrong.
text: As SIRENS erupt in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS STREETS AROUND ASPEN - DAY (ARCHIVAL) 77
text: Police cruisers skid across lanes, two at a time, blocking
text: traffic in and out of the city. We hear a HELICOPTER.
scene_heading: EXT. FORESTED AREA - DAY (VOLTAGE FOOTAGE - COMPANY YOU KEEP)
text: Ted races through the woods -- cops, dogs, and helicopters
text: not far off.
scene_heading: EXT. HIKING TRAIL - DAY 78
text: Ted scampers up a steep grade trail at a relentless pace,
text: making a getaway into... the MOUNTAINS.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S HOUSE - NIGHT 79
text: Liz puts away groceries after work. Her phone rings.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: JOANNA (V.O.)
dialog: Turn on the TV.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of Ted's escape... the daring jump... the
text: stunned courtroom... the buzz around Aspen... roadblocks...
text: tracking dogs... posses on horseback... etc.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ’S HOUSE - NIGHT 80
text: Liz is WATCHING THIS COVERAGE ON TV when -- a sudden KNOCKING
text: at the door startles her. She sees a MAN’S SILHOUETTE.
dialog: Could it be?
text: Liz slowly moves toward it. She peeks out at... Colorado
text: Detective Mike Fisher. He shows her his badge.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: 81 INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 81
text: Liz pours Fisher coffee.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: Did he give any indication he was
dialog: planning this?
text: Liz shakes her head.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: I can’t stress how important it is
dialog: you notify me if he contacts you.
dialog: And if you know anything that
dialog: you're not telling me, you would be
text: guilty of aiding and abetting.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You came all the way from Colorado
dialog: just to tell me that?
text: Fisher reveals a large MANILA ENVELOPE marked “CONFIDENTIAL.”
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: I thought you should see firsthand
dialog: just how serious this is.
dialog: Liz doesn’t take the envelope. Doesn’t want to?
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: If you help us get him, you can
dialog: prevent it from happening again.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Whatever you think you know about
dialog: him, it’s all a lie. He didn’t do
dialog: what you think he did. This is all
text: a mix-up.
scene_heading: DET. MIKE FISHER
dialog: Ma’am, there are things you don’t
dialog: know, that I can’t tell you right
dialog: now, that will shock you beyond
dialog: your worst nightmares, and it’s
dialog: only a matter of time before the
text: cards are on the table. And when
dialog: they are, they will wrack you.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (cross—armed)
dialog: Is that it?
text: Fisher leaves the envelope on the table, gets up, and shows
text: himself out. Liz looks at the envelope but doesn’t open it.
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: I/E. MOUNTAIN CABIN - DAY 82
text: Ted snaps awake in a cabin he broke into for the night. He
text: orients himself, then gets up and stretches. A peaceful
dialog: mountain morning.
text: In the kitchen, he rifles through cupboards. Saltines, tins
text: of Polish bacon, stewed tomatoes -- he shovels it all in...
text: ...until a POLICE HELICOPTER roars overhead.
text: Ted drops to his knees, scurries to the window -- where he
text: hears POLICE and SEARCH DOGS approaching in the distance!
text: Ted scurries back to the far window. He CLIMBS OUT, back-
text: crawling away, then running, but he trips, falls, and--
text: --looks up INTO THE BARREL OF A SHOTGUN.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 83
scene_heading: INT. PITKIN COURTROOM - DAY 84
text: Back in custody in the same courtroom he just fled, ARMED
text: DEPUTY SHERIFFS flank Ted as Lohr arraigns him on new
text: charges. The windows are also now locked and guarded.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
text: ...Two counts felonious escape,
dialog: one count burglary, one count auto
dialog: theft, one count misdemeanor theft,
dialog: the sum of which carry a total of
dialog: ninety years. I hope it was worth
dialog: it, son.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (grins)
dialog: It was just too pretty outside.
text: He gets a chuckle from some in the courtroom. Photographers
text: snap away. He realizes he’s the center of attention now.
scene_heading: EXT. GARFIELD COUNTY JAIL - DAY
text: An establishing shot of the quaint 10-cell “mom and pop” jail
text: with a PRIVATE RESIDENCE affixed to the end.
scene_heading: We hear an ELECTRONIC BUZZ... (PRE-LAP)
dialog: 85
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM - DAY 85
text: A prison door opens. Ted bounds in, running into Liz’s arms,
text: both crying tears of happiness.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Ted and Liz sit as close as two people can, touching and
text: cuddling each other. First time they’ve been together in a
text: while. Security is lax in this mom and pop shop.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s a bed and breakfast compared
text: to Utah. The head jailer and his
dialog: wife live in an apartment attached
text: to the end of the jail. Kinda
dialog: feels like a vacation if you don’t
dialog: think about it too much.
text: Ted surprises her with a newspaper-wrapped GIFT.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Merry Christmas.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I didn’t bring you anything.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You brought me the only thing I
dialog: wanted in the whole world when all
dialog: I really deserved was a lump of
dialog: coal. Open it.
text: Liz unwraps newspaper off a well-worn copy of Papillon.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’ve read it four times. You
dialog: remember what it’s about, right?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: “Never lose hope.”
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You haven't, have you?
text: A melancholy falls over Liz.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I know it’s hard. It’s hard for me
dialog: too. It was foolish of me to run,
dialog: but you weren’t answering my calls
dialog: and I got scared you were going to
dialog: leave--
dialog: 55.
text: Ted suddenly realizes, Liz came here to break up with him.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Oh no. Don’t do this, Liz.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Your lawyer called. He said the
dialog: Utah appeal was rejected.
dialog: A major blow.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I‘1ll take it all the way to the
dialog: Supreme Court if I have to. Liz,
dialog: I’ve got documents that will
dialog: destroy their case.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: They didn’t give you probation.
dialog: They gave you fifteen years.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That’s a maximum. No one gets the
dialog: max on a first conviction.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: And now you’re looking at ninety
dialog: more for running.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I told you, I’m going to straighten
dialog: everything out.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I can’t do this anymore, Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Do you not love me anymore?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: No, I do. That’s the problem.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What if I got out? We could run
dialog: away together. Canada, maybe. I
dialog: don't understand, Liz.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I’m sorry. This is from Molly.
text: She gives him an ENVELOPE and hurries away in tears.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Please don’t do this, Liz!
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 56.
text: Ted looks like he was hit by a truck. Now he’s all alone.
text: He opens the envelope -- inside is a CRAYON DRAWING OF A
speaker_heading: SHARK.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 86
scene_heading: INT. TED’S CELL - NIGHT 87
text: Ted tapes Molly’s shark drawing on the ceiling so he can look
text: at it while he lies in bed.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY MEDICAL DIVISION - NIGHT 88
text: Sparse Christmas decorations adorn the office. Liz looks
text: like hell. She stares vacantly at the copy of Papillon. Her
text: desk phone is noticeably silent.
text: She removes the picture of her and Ted from the frame and
text: sticks it in the pages of Papillon, literally closing the
text: book on Ted. She puts the book in a drawer and shuts it.
speaker_heading: JERRY (0.S.)
dialog: What’s your resolution?
text: Jerry unpacks a brown bag snack at the next desk over.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: For the new year. Mine’s to lose
dialog: two belt notches, except I always
dialog: manage to find ‘em later.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I don’t really have one.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Everyone’s got something they want,
dialog: or wanna get rid of.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: What if you don’t know which it is?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: My experience, you probably already
dialog: know but aren’t ready to admit it.
text: Liz wells up. Not Jerry’s intention.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: But I’m wrong a lot.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. TED’S CELL - NIGHT 89
text: Ted lies on his bunk, still staring at Molly’s shark
text: drawing... as his eyes take focus on something else -- the
text: METAL PLATE in the ceiling holding the light fixture.
speaker_heading: TED (V.0.)
dialog: Dear Liz.
scene_heading: INT. GARFIELD COUNTY JAIL - DAY 90
text: Ted waits on the phone but the other end just keeps ringing.
text: He hangs up. Crushed.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: There are many things I can live
dialog: without...
scene_heading: INT. PRINT SHOP - DAY 91
text: At his print shop job, Ted slices reams of paper, staring
text: off. Losing hope... as we slowly PUSH IN on the BLADE.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: ...but you’re not one of them.
scene_heading: INT. TED’S CELL - DAY 92
text: Ted extracts the blade hidden under his pant leg in his sock.
dialog: Considers its sharpness.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: I may have lost you, but I’1l never
dialog: lose hope.
text: Ted climbs onto his bunk and knocks on the metal plate in the
text: ceiling. It’s HOLLOW.
text: He grates the paper cutter blade against it. GROOVES appear.
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE LOHR’S CHAMBERS - DAY 93
text: Ted and Dumas meet with Judge Lohr privately. Christmas
text: decorations adorn the court.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
dialog: I’ve concluded there’s no way to
dialog: obtain an unbiased jury in Aspen in
dialog: light of recent events, so I’m
dialog: moving you to Colorado Springs
dialog: where your antics have not been
dialog: daily news.
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 58.
text: Ted stares back at Lohr in sheer panic. His shot at escape
text: now in jeopardy.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Your Honor, I have a good feeling
dialog: about Aspen. I’d prefer to stay
dialog: right where I am.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
dialog: I’ve ruled and it’s final.
speaker_heading: JIM DUMAS
dialog: Ted, this is great news.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOHR
dialog: You'll be transferred after the
dialog: holidays. Merry Christmas.
text: Ted looks anxious.
scene_heading: EXT. GARFIELD COUNTY JAIL - NIGHT
text: Over a reminder shot of the “mom and pop” jail with private
text: residence affixed to the end, we hear URGENT SAWING.
scene_heading: INT. TED'S CELL - NIGHT 94
text: With the SHOWERS on in the background to mask the noise, Ted
text: double-times it with the paper cutter blade, making quick
text: work of a square foot cutaway in the metal ceiling plate.
text: The showers momentarily shut off. Ted stops sawing. Waits.
text: They turn back on and he resumes.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC CRAWL SPACE - NIGHT 95
text: A square foot of metal POPS FREE. TED’S HANDS reach up into
text: a dark, cobwebbed crawl space and feel around. He hoists
text: himself up, squirming through the narrow hole.
text: Down a ways, a SHAFT OF LIGHT spears up from the floor. He
text: crawls toward it, coughing from the dust, trying to keep
text: quiet on the old wooden paneling.
text: The JAILER and his WIFE are having a marital argument below:
speaker_heading: HEAD JAILER (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t understand why you’re so
dialog: teed up?
speaker_heading: JAILER'S WIFE (0.S.)
dialog: It’s called intimacy, Ed -- ever
dialog: heard of it? It doesn’t work if
dialog: you hide things from me.
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: HEAD JAILER (0.S.)
dialog: Ever heard of not going to bed
dialog: angry?
text: Ted SNEEZES. Did they hear him? He keeps perfectly still.
speaker_heading: JAILER'S WIFE (0.S.)
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: HEAD JAILER (0.S.)
dialog: I said goodnight.
text: Ted HEARS A LAMP CLICK OFF. The light through the floor GOES
text: OUT. He waits IN THE DARK as they fall asleep...
scene_heading: INT. HEAD JAILER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT - LATER 96
text: The HEAD JAILER and his WIFE are sound asleep in the middle
dialog: of the night.
text: A FINGER emerges from the HOLE in the plasterboard ceiling.
text: A panel is carefully removed. TED’S LEGS dangle through the
text: hole, as he eases himself down into their PRIVATE RESIDENCE.
text: Ted drops down. The jailer and his wife stir but don’t wake.
text: Ted tiptoes toward the dresser and carefully opens the
text: drawers. The antique wood squeaks. Ted holds his breath,
text: but the couple still doesn’t wake.
text: Ted sheds his prison garb and puts on the jailer’s warmer
text: clothes. He then climbs a bookshelf next to the sleeping
text: jailer and carefully replaces the ceiling panel, leaving no
text: trace of his presence.
scene_heading: EXT. GARFIELD COUNTY JAIL - NIGHT 97
text: Ted exits in CIVILIAN CLOTHES out of the PRIVATE RESIDENCE
text: affixed to the quaint 10-cell “mom and pop” jail. He hurries
text: off into the cold night as his LETTER VO RESUMES...
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: Hope that we’ll meet again, ina
text: big house, with a brick chimney, a
text: view of the Sound, and a rowdy
dialog: little doggy eager to lick our
text: faces happy again.
scene_heading: INT. TED’S CELL - DAY 98
text: The next day, the HEAD JAILER delivers lunch to Ted’s cell,
text: where he finds an untouched breakfast tray. Sees Ted asleep
text: under the covers, but not breathing. The jailer enters...
dialog: 99
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: Where we’ll make love like we did
dialog: back when things were serene and
dialog: uncomplicated, and life was still a
dialog: dream waiting to be had.
text: The jailer rips back the covers revealing COILED LEGAL PAPERS
text: and LAW TEXTBOOKS in the shape of a body.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: Love, ted.
speaker_heading: HEAD JAILER
dialog: Son of a...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of Ted's escape... the square foot cutaway
text: in the ceiling... the dumbfounded cops... the warnings to the
dialog: public to lock their cars and their homes... etc.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ’S HOUSE - NIGHT 99
text: Liz looks out the window. Joanna's with her.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: Liz, this is crazy. He’ll never
dialog: come here. The cops are probably
text: on a round-the-clock stakeout.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: If anyone could do it it’s him.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: What are you going to do? Run
dialog: away? Live on the lam? He’s a
dialog: fugitive.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I need a drink.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: You just had one.
text: Liz starts for the liquor cabinet. Joanna blocks her.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Since when is it a crime to take
dialog: the edge off every once in a while?
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: Since your little girl started
text: asking why her mommy’s so sad.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: JOANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: And it’s more than once in a while
dialog: so don’t try to soft pedal it and
dialog: make me out to be the grinch.
dialog: Everyday’s the same, Liz. You read
dialog: letters from Ted, you drink, and
dialog: you cry.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I take care of myself, I have a
dialog: job, it’s not like I leave my child
dialog: at home while I run from tavern to
dialog: tavern. I’m a good mother!
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: You’re a great mother. You’re also
dialog: in denial. What is it about this
dialog: guy?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: When I feel this love, I feel like
dialog: I’m on top of the world. When I
dialog: don’t, I don’t feel anything.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What if the only thing he’s guilty
dialog: of is running a stop sign?
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: He’s been convicted of abduction in
dialog: Utah, accused of murder in Colorado
dialog: -- the first time may have been bad
dialog: luck, but you can’t tell me the
dialog: second wasn’t a little suspicious.
dialog: What if there’s a third?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: There isn’t a third.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: You better hope not, because that
dialog: would be pretty damn convincing.
text: Liz glares at Joanna, a voice of reason Liz isn’t ready to
text: accept yet. Liz goes around Joanna, pours herself a drink.
speaker_heading: JOANNA
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know this didn’t start with a
text: stop sign.
speaker_heading: THE FOUNDATIONS (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Why do you build me up...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 62.
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of snowy Aspen and the local police
text: “certain” Ted is nearby and won't get far..
scene_heading: EXT. TALLAHASSEE - DAY
text: Establishing shot of warm, humid, Florida.
scene_heading: INT. TED’S ROOM - FLORIDA ROOMING HOUSE - DAY 100
text: An old LANDLORD shows Ted a shoddily furnished room with
text: paint chipping off the walls. He’s sweating in a rolled up T-
text: shirt because it’s hot, humid, and sticky here.
text: Ted opens the window, letting in the warm FLORIDA breeze.
text: They shake on a deal to rent.
text: Ted tapes Molly’s dog-eared, well-creased shark drawing to
text: the wall and gets wistful because it’s his only familiarity.
text: We'll start to notice the song playing over plays a HALF-BEAT
text: SLOWER THAN NORMAL. Like the Ramones in the beginning, it’s
text: a nearly imperceptible warp to an otherwise happy song.
dialog: Something’s off -- we don’t know it; we feel it.
scene_heading: I/E. PHONEBOOTH - NIGHT 101
text: On his way home with groceries (SORORITY GIRLS pass in the
text: b.g.), Ted stops in a phonebooth, debates calling Liz...
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 102
text: Meanwhile, Liz is curled in depression, staring at the phone,
dialog: willing it to ring...
scene_heading: I/E. PHONEBOOTH - NIGHT 103
text: Ted thinks better of calling and hangs up instead.
scene_heading: INT. SHERROD’S NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 104
text: A pulsing college disco. Ted’s pouring his heart out to
text: EMPATHETIC CO-EDS who really feel his pain.
scene_heading: INT. VOLKSWAGEN BUG - NIGHT 105
text: Ted drives, singing along to the song he played for Liz on
text: the jukebox that first fateful night for two young lovers.
text: He thumps the steering wheel to the beat, as the song ends.
text: He tunes the radio through various stations playing music and
dialog: news of the time, during which we’ll catch the words “Chi
dialog: Omega sorority.” Before we get a chance to hear more--
text: RED AND BLUE LIGHTS play over Ted’s face.
dialog: 106
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No...
text: He clocks his rearview. Hears a siren CHIRP.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No, no, no...
text: Ted cuts a sharp turn -- into a DEAD END. He hits the breaks
text: and pounds the steering wheel as the cop boxes him in.
scene_heading: EXT. CROSS & WEST DOUGLAS STREET - NIGHT 106
text: Ted steps out of the car, feigning innocence like he did in
dialog: the beginning with Hayward in Utah.
text: OFFICER DAVID LEE, young and husky, steps out of his police
dialog: cruiser.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: My apologies, Officer, I couldn't
dialog: make your car with the headlights
dialog: in my eyes and I guess I got
text: spooked.
text: A loaded beat as Ted waits to see if Lee buys it. Doesn’t
text: look like it. Ted tries to RUN. Lee GRABS HIM. Wrestles
text: Ted down. They tussle around like a schoolyard fight.
text: The commotion causes nearby homes to turn on their lights. A
text: ROBED MAN exits his front door, puzzled by the scuffle.
speaker_heading: ROBED MAN
dialog: (to Lee)
dialog: What are you doing to that young
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: OFFICER LEE
dialog: Stay back, sir!
text: Lee flips Ted onto his stomach and drives him into the
text: pavement with his knee. He latches a handcuff, but before he
dialog: gets the other--
speaker_heading: ROBED MAN
dialog: Leave him alone or I’m calling the
dialog: police.
speaker_heading: OFFICER LEE
dialog: I am the police!
text: --Ted writhes free! He takes off sprinting. Lee draws his
dialog: gun.
dialog: 107
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: OFFICER LEE
dialog: Halt! Halt or I’1l shoot!
text: Lee fires a WARNING SHOT. Ted keeps running until he
text: disappears into the shadows. Lee curses and runs after.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LIZ’S HOUSE - NIGHT 107
text: Liz, Joanna, and Molly are playing Go Fish over dinner.
text: They're all laughing, even Liz.
text: Then the PHONE RINGS.
text: Liz gets a bad feeling. Joanna and Molly keep playing as Liz
text: gets up and slowly makes her way to the ringing phone. She’s
text: afraid to answer. She hesitates, then picks up. She can’t
text: find her voice.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m in Florida.
text: We STAY ON LIZ, only hearing Ted. He sounds down. Deflated.
text: His spirit gone.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: I'm in custody.
text: A dagger in Liz's heart.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: I made a deal with the police they
dialog: wouldn’t announce my arrest until I
dialog: could call you first. They didn’t
dialog: know who I was. I’ve been playing
dialog: with them all night. I finally
dialog: gave them my name for this phone
dialog: call.
text: A long pause. We hear Ted sniff back tears.
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s going to be bad when it
dialog: breaks, Liz. Real bad.
text: Liz looks at Joanna, who can already tell it’s bad. They
text: both get tears in their eyes. Molly’s luckily too
text: preoccupied to notice.
dialog: 112
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM - NIGHT 112
text: A TAPE RECORDER rolls. Ted’s with three detectives, PATCHEN,
text: CHAPMAN, and BODIFORD, who look like a tough audience. Ted
text: has the wear and tear of his scuffle with Lee on his face.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You seriously never heard of me?
dialog: Don’t you watch the news?
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: Right. You jumped out of a window
dialog: like I won the Super Bowl.
text: The detectives laugh. Ted looks slightly disappointed.
text: Then the door OPENS and Officer Lee (the arresting officer)
text: enters and lays down an FBI Ten Most Wanted flyer with TED’S
dialog: 
text: FACE on it.
speaker_heading: OFFICER LEE
dialog: Would you sign it for me?
text: This raises a few eyebrows. Proudly:
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Who wants to hear about my second
dialog: escape?
scene_heading: INT. TED'S CELL - NIGHT 111
text: Ted’s slumped in a windowless iron cell with a bed and
text: combination sink-and-toilet, admiring Molly’s well-creased
text: shark drawing, which he’s managed to keep.
text: The light’s poor and the humidity makes him sweat.
text: The CELL DOOR UNLOCKS. A man in an expensive suit and
text: haircut enters, picking lint off his sleeve. SHERIFF KEN
text: KATSARIS -- tall, Greek, and handsome.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Are you my lawyer?
scene_heading: SHERIFF KEN KATSARIS
dialog: That’s funny, I thought you were
dialog: one?
text: Katsaris straightens his cuffs. Ted doesn’t respond. Not
dialog: sure who this guy is, or what the angle is yet.
dialog: 108
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF KATSARIS
dialog: The game is over, Ted. Your days
text: of walking without the clatter of
dialog: chains are done. Florida is the
dialog: Buckle of the Death Belt and it’s
dialog: my job to tighten things up ina
dialog: major way.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: A bit excessive for stealing a car,
dialog: don’t you think?
text: Katsaris smirks like he knows something Ted doesn’t. He sees
text: Molly's shark drawing.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That’s a thresher shark. They have
dialog: tail as long as their whole--
text: Katsaris RIPS up the drawing.
scene_heading: SHERIFF KEN KATSARIS
dialog: I’m the sheriff of this town... and
dialog: I’m the one who’s going to get you.
dialog: Washington missed you, Utah gave
dialog: you away, Colorado lost you, I’m
dialog: going to fry you.
text: Ted's eyes darken. Katsaris turns and walks out. As if on
text: cue, a PAIR OF JAILERS enter and FORCE Ted onto his back.
text: They HOLD HIM DOWN as a DENTIST follows.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: What are you doing to me?
text: A DENTAL SPECULUM is shoved in Ted’s mouth. His TEETH are
text: photographed with a macro lens. The speculum is RIPPED OUT.
text: MODELING PASTE farts out of a tube. An IMPRESSION TRAY is
text: shoved in. Ted GAGS under the barbarism...
text: ...as Sheriff Katsaris watches on with a sadistic grin.
dialog: Welcome to Ted’s new nightmare.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of the Chi Omega reporting... a chilling
dialog: crime... no suspects yet... etc.
scene_heading: EXT. CHI OMEGA SORORITY HOUSE - DAY (ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE) 108
text: Tripod video of a SORORITY HOUSE.
dialog: 109
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: The killer struck first at the Chi
dialog: Omega sorority house.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM CRIME SCENE - DAY (NEWS FOOTAGE) 109
text: A pillow soaked in blood. Spattered sheets.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
text: He clubbed and then strangled to
dialog: death twenty year old Lisa Levy and
dialog: twenty one year old Margaret
dialog: Bowman.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: NEWSPAPER HEADLINES: 110
text: “Shadow of murderer looms over campus”
text: “Police seek clues in slaying of two FSU sorority women”
dialog: “Reward is offered”
text: And a NEWSPAPER PHOTO of a terrified sorority girl peering
text: out a window.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
text: At least one of them was raped.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT 113
text: Ted rides down in baggy green jail coveralls, handcuffs, and
text: leg chains, flanked by armed DEPUTIES. He looks scared and
dialog: alone. And then it gets worse...
text: ...as the door opens to an unexpected flurry of CROWD CHATTER
text: and CAMERA FLASHES. A media frenzy.
text: In the midst of it all is Sheriff Katsaris in his impeccable
text: suit, crisp shirt, and shit-eating smirk, holding an
dialog: indictment. He’s making a show of it -- he’s the hero and
dialog: Ted’s the villain.
text: Realizing the ambush, Ted swallows his disdain, puts on his
text: game face, and LIMPS out of the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 114
text: Now “on” for the cameras, Ted jauntily LIMPS up to Katsaris.
text: Before Katsaris can get a word in, Ted takes control,
dialog: continually interrupting:
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What do we have here, Ken? lLet’s
dialog: see. Oh, it’s an indictment!
dialog: Alright, why don’t you read it to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF KATSARIS
dialog: In the name of, and by the
dialog: authority of the state of Florida--
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You're up for re-election, aren't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF KATSARIS
dialog: You are charged with--
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You told them you were gonna get
dialog: me.
dialog: (to the reporters)
dialog: He said he was gonna get me.
dialog: (to Katsaris)
dialog: You got the indictment. That’s all
dialog: you're gonna get.
scene_heading: SHERIFF KEN KATSARIS
dialog: Under section 780.04 of Florida
dialog: statute-—
text: Ted raises his right hand theatrically like an oath for the
text: news cameras.
dialog: Ted paces
dialog: and posts
dialog: cameras.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I'll plead not guilty right now.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF KATSARIS
dialog: You are charged with two counts
dialog: murder in the first degree in the
dialog: Chi Omega sorority killings...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: My chance to talk to the press.
text: in front of Katsaris -- wallpaper in comparison --
text: against the wall, jaw set, eyes burning into the
dialog: Enjoying this, his theatricality completely
text: eclipses Katsaris who drones on in eye-glazing legalese.
text: Ted yanks
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: We've displayed the prisoner now.
text: the indictment out of Katsaris’ hands.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I've been kept in isolation, I’ve
dialog: been kept away from the press, I’ve
dialog: been buried by you, you’ve been
dialog: talking -- it’s my turn now.
scene_heading: SHERIFF KEN KATSARIS
dialog: We got a court order. There won’t
dialog: be any press interviews.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Sure there won’t. I’m gagged,
dialog: you're not.
text: The deputies pull Ted back toward the elevator.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I will be heard!
text: Ted holds up the indictment and rips it in half.
scene_heading: CONTINUE WITH:
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of the sensational Chi Omega coverage...
text: how, while on the run after two escapes, a man wanted for
dialog: murder in three states may have committed more murders...
scene_heading: INT. PRISON PHONES - DAY 115
text: Ted waits on the phone, listening to it ring. It goes
text: unanswered.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Liz's phone rings, but she doesn’t answer it.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON PHONES - DAY
text: Ted hangs up, dejected. Then he gets an idea and dials a
dialog: different number...
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM - DAY 116
text: A large room arranged like a cafeteria with bolted down
text: tables and chairs. Armed guards all around.
text: Ted limps in, in his usual handcuffs and leg chains. He
text: looks around, smiles when he sees...
text: .+.-CAROLE ANN BOONE, the girl from the Republican fundraiser,
dialog: who would do “anything” for Ted. Still has that same spark
text: in her eye.
text: Ted limps over and gives her a big hug.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: Why are you limping? Did they hurt
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I have a problem with my leg -- I
dialog: run too fast.
text: He shows her a ghastly-looking orthopedic LEG BRACE that runs
text: rigid from his left foot to thigh, which he’ll wear anytime
text: he’s outside his cell.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m glad you came.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: I’m glad you called.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ted and Carole Ann sit closer now. He’s just told her his
dialog: entire saga.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s all a ploy for the sheriff to
dialog: score political points in the next
dialog: election. He’s been chasing his
dialog: tail for months on this case and
dialog: suddenly the biggest fish in
dialog: America swims right into his pond?
dialog: Who do you think he pins it on? I
dialog: just autographed my own wanted
dialog: poster. I’m more popular than
dialog: Disney World!
text: Carole Ann shakes her head in sympathy, drinking it all up.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: How did this whole thing start?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Someone gave my name to the police
dialog: years ago in Seattle, one thing led
dialog: to another, and now I’m in Florida.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: My God, it really is a witch hunt.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I can’t tell if it’s a comedy of
dialog: errors, or a Kafka novel.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: You must be lonely, so far from
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: There are worse places to be than
dialog: Florida, I guess.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: You probably don’t get too many
dialog: visitors here.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Luckily I make friends easily.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: It would probably feel good to have
text: a familiar face around.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (half-joking)
dialog: You gonna move to Florida, keep me
dialog: company?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There are worse places to be.
text: They look at each other. Neither wants to say it but it
text: feels like they’ve just come to an implicit agreement.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY MEDICAL DIVISION - DAY 117
text: LIZ breaks a pencil tip. She opens her desk drawer for a
text: sharpener, and freezes when she sees Papillon inside.
text: She lifts the book out. Pages through it. Finds the picture
text: she stuck inside of her and Ted. Never lose hope.
scene_heading: INT. TED'S CELL - NIGHT 118
text: Ted’s new PUBLIC DEFENDERS sit on foldout chairs outside
text: Ted’s cell. They look more like first year associates than
text: criminal attorneys. Lead counsel is the “elder” DAN DOWD
dialog: (40s).
speaker_heading: DAN DOWD
dialog: This is Ed, Lynn, and Peggy. I’m
dialog: Dan, I‘1ll be your lead counsel.
dialog: We're going to make sure you get
dialog: the best defense taxes can buy.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Is it true they’re putting news
dialog: cameras in the courtroom?
speaker_heading: DAN DOWD
dialog: You'll be the first nationally
dialog: televised trial in history. If you
dialog: make it to trial, that is. The
dialog: state’s offering a deal. If you
dialog: plead guilty to the murder charges,
dialog: they've agreed to recommend life
dialog: sentences instead of the death
dialog: penalty.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That's a joke, right?
speaker_heading: DAN DOWD
dialog: Considering the evidence they have,
dialog: it’s worth a discussion.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: If you think there’s any chance in
dialog: hell I’11 plead to these charges,
dialog: you're out of your fucking mind.
text: The attorneys trade looks.
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM - DAY 119
text: Ted and Carole Ann hold hands. They've obviously grown close
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: What do you mean they want you to
dialog: plead?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: They’re young, they’re
dialog: inexperienced, only one has ever
dialog: done a murder trial, and nothing of
dialog: this magnitude. How are my own
dialog: attorneys against me?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: What can I do?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What can you do?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: What if I was like your publicity
dialog: agent?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 121
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN (CONT'D)
dialog: I could set the facts straight,
dialog: make sure your side of the story is
dialog: heard.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That would actually help a lot
dialog: because I’m under a gag order. You
dialog: would do that for me?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: Ted, I’m staying in Florida.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I would never ask you to do that,
dialog: Carole Ann.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: You're not asking, I’m insisting.
dialog: You need me.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: This trial could get pretty rough.
dialog: You might hear some pretty ugly
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: It can’t be any worse than what
dialog: they're already saying on TV.
dialog: They've taken something wholesome
dialog: and twisted it sinister. But what
dialog: do they know?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Obviously not the truth.
text: She gazes into his eyes like she’s falling in love. If it
dialog: feels a little weird, it should.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE 121
dialog: of the Florida trial ramping up: Media coverage, interviews,
text: fanfare, etc. INTERCUT WITH...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - METRO JUSTICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Lead prosecutor LARRY SIMPSON gives soundbites to the press.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: This man is a threat to society and
dialog: I have every intention of removing
dialog: him completely...
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 127
dialog: 120
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM - DAY 123
text: Ted feeds Carole Ann talking points...
scene_heading: EXT. METRO JUSTICE BUILDING - DAY 124
text: Carole Ann regurgitates Ted’s words to the press...
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: It’s obvious the media has already
dialog: convicted him before he’s had his
dialog: day in court, and to broadcast it
dialog: to a national audience proves just
dialog: how big a charade this really is...
speaker_heading: STILL
scene_heading: INTERCUTTING:
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of pretty college girls describing why
dialog: they're so taken by this charming, accused murder...
text: As national media interest grows... as throngs of reporters
text: and broadcast equipment descend in and around the Miami
text: courthouse in an unprecedented manner...
scene_heading: EXT. METRO JUSTICE BUILDING - DAY 127
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of a MEDIA CIRCUS: News vans from every
text: network, throngs of reporters, live feeds, etc. Cordoned off
text: to either side are TED PROTESTORS who want him to fry, and
text: TED SUPPORTERS who are mostly young women.
dialog: SUPER: Miami, FL.
dialog: It’s the Super Bowl of court cases.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS of key players as they enter the courthouse
text: alongside the public: Larry Simpson, Ted’s legal team (Ed,
text: Lynn, Peggy, Dan), Detectives Patchen, Chapman, and Bodiford,
dialog: Sheriff Katsaris, etc...
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S HOUSE - DAY 120
text: Liz lays around reading Papillon, looking like she hasn’t
text: slept or showered in days. The DOORBELL RINGS. It’s Jerry
text: with a takeout bag.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I brought chicken soup. You
dialog: haven’t been at work all week so I
dialog: figured you were sick.
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING ROOM - DAY 128
text: It’s dead silent in here, where Ted changes out of his prison
text: jumpsuit into a dapper suit and bow tie -- like he’s getting
text: ready for a performance.
text: He makes a phone call.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER 129
text: Jerry (alone) portions out the soup into bowls. He notices
text: Papillon and pages through, unaware of its significance.
text: Then PHONE RINGS. Jerry looks, unsure if he should answer.
speaker_heading: LIZ (0.S.)
dialog: (from the bathroom)
dialog: Can you get that?
text: Jerry answers.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INTERCUT - TED 130
text: All the color drains from Ted’s face.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Who is this?
text: Tense silence. Ted looks sick.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You can’t call here anymore.
dialog: You're killing her.
text: Ted’s not sure what to say. It hurts:
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Will you give her a message for me?
dialog: Will you tell her... will you tell
dialog: her I love her?
text: Dead silence.
text: Jerry hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: LIZ (0.S.)
dialog: Who was that?
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 76.
text: Jerry's startled to find Liz there, drying her hair.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Just a salesman.
text: Liz holds on him for a beat, like she knows, then lets it go.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY 131
text: Ted carries a beer carton of legal files, leading a
text: procession of jailers toward the courtroom door where the DIN
text: OF THE CROWD becomes audible. Like a boxer before a fight.
text: Just before entering, he takes a deep breath. Puts on his
text: game face. A jailer opens the door to...
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY 132
text: .+.a vast, octagonal room paneled with tropical wood, brass
text: rectangles, and suspended light fixtures. If Utah was an
text: empty house, and Colorado was a bigger ballgame, Miami is a
dialog: sold out show.
text: Thirty three JOURNALISTS with press credentials have reserved
text: seats. The public fills the hundred-seat gallery.
text: Attractive college girls (the “TED GROUPIES”) have staked out
text: the front row. Only the jury box is empty.
text: Ted takes in the enormity. They’re all there for him. He
text: finds Carole Ann in the crowd, who waves and blows a kiss.
text: BAILIFF DAVE WATSON, 70s, a white-haired spark plug of a man,
text: in a crisply starched white shirt and dark pleated trousers,
text: bellows over the crowd:
speaker_heading: BAILIFF WATSON
dialog: Court will come to order!
text: The noise dies down.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF WATSON
dialog: Please rise for the Honorable
dialog: Justice Cowart!
text: Everyone rises as JUDGE COWART assumes his marble bench. A
text: venerable St. Bernard of a man, with great sagging jowls,
text: horn-rimmed glasses, and a proclivity for old Southern
dialog: sayings.
dialog: 133
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Bless your hearts. Please sit. In
dialog: regards to the cameras, we're
dialog: conducting the public's business,
dialog: and we're going to do it in the
dialog: sunshine. After all, this is
dialog: Florida.
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: You look nice, partner.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Thank you, Your Honor. I’m
text: disguised as an attorney today.
text: Laughter softens the mood.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Well, then, let’s put on a show.
text: Ted surveys all the NEWS CAMERAS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A LIVE BROADCAST 133
text: Lead prosecutor Larry Simpson enters the courtroom as if it
dialog: was rehearsed (it was). We PAN with him to a prearranged
text: chalkboard and easel for his opening statement.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON (ON TV)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, this case is
dialog: so much more than a double murder.
dialog: This case is about catching a
dialog: monster.
text: He clears his throat. Little nervous because it’s a national
text: broadcast. During his speech, he sorts through ACTUAL
text: EVIDENCE PHOTO BLOW UPS on the easel (we’ll see them
dialog: better/closer later).
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: In the early morning hours of
dialog: January 15th, 1978, a young woman
dialog: arrived home to the Chi Omega
text: sorority house after a date. She
text: heard a thump upstairs. A man ran
text: down, carrying an oak log, and
text: fled. The young woman went
text: upstairs to investigate, where one
dialog: of her sorority sisters stumbled
text: out of her bedroom, spitting up
dialog: blood because her face had been
text: smashed. Her roommate’s too. She
text: was sitting on her bed in a daze.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They were the lucky ones.
text: We SLOWLY start to PUSH IN...
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
text: In the next room over, another
text: young woman was lying face down in
text: her own blood. Her neck has been
text: twisted at an inhuman angle. Her
text: jaw was broken. She was missing a
text: nipple. Her body had bite marks on
text: it. She was raped and strangled
text: with a pantyhose garotte so tight
text: her neck was constricted to half
dialog: its size.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: The next girl, we’re still not sure
dialog: if she died from strangulation or
text: the blow to her head that left a
dialog: baseball-sized hole her skull. We
dialog: do know that her underwear was torn
dialog: off with such force it left a burn
text: mark on her thigh.
dialog: (longer pause)
dialog: Then the police received a call
dialog: about the next incident six blocks
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S HOUSE - DAY 134
text: REVEAL -- Liz rapt before the TV. Absolutely horrified by
dialog: what she’s just heard.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, this case is
dialog: so much more than a double murder.
dialog: It’s about catching a monster.
dialog: Innocent, young women were his
dialog: prey. Savagery was his method.
dialog: Tragedy will be his legacy. You
dialog: will be his judge.
text: On screen, Ted betrays no emotion.
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY 135
text: Detective Norman Chapman is on the witness stand, getting
dialog: questioned by prosecutor Larry Simpson:
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: When we questioned him about the
dialog: crimes, he declined to have an
dialog: attorney present. In fact, he
dialog: requested it that way.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: He asked not to have counsel?
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: That’s right.
text: Ted leans over to his head counsel, Dan Dowd:
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Object. He’s lying!
text: Dowd holds up his hand to calm Ted.
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: Then he asked we turn off the
dialog: recorder, that no notes be taken.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: So this was off the record.
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: He thought so.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: What do you mean?
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: The state of Florida allows bugs --
text: surreptitious recording devices.
dialog: But it malfunctioned. That’s why
text: that part of the tape cuts out.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: What part is that, Detective?
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: His confession.
text: Ted shoots a look at Dowd who still doesn’t object.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: (to Chapman)
dialog: What did he say?
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He said he was a vampire.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Objection!
text: Everyone’s surprised. Two half-asleep jurors perk up.
text: Cowart waits on Ted for grounds.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (beat)
text: Narration on the part of the
dialog: witness, Your Honor.
text: Ted’s own lawyers crack smug smiles at his adorable attempt
dialog: to play lawyer. Until...
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Sustained.
text: Even Ted’s surprised. Just the shot of confidence he needs.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Your Honor, I also move to have the
dialog: detective’s entire testimony
dialog: stricken from the record on the
dialog: basis that the word “surreptitious”
dialog: should automatically disqualify
dialog: anything from masquerading as
dialog: evidence, given it’s synonymous
text: with secret, stealthy, clandestine,
dialog: sneaky, sly, furtive, concealed,
dialog: and hidden. No true evidence
dialog: should, could, or would, ever be
dialog: described in such terms. To make
dialog: no mention of the fact that the
dialog: most important part of his story is
dialog: conveniently missing. One might
text: even conclude he’s lying.
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: You confessed that you did it.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Not according to the witness.
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: What witness?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Me.
scene_heading: DET. NORMAN CHAPMAN
dialog: You're the defendant.
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: And a defense attorney.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Now I’m confused as a cow on
dialog: astroturf.
text: A bizarre moment -- Ted’s simultaneously the defendant,
text: defense attorney, and witness.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: Your honor, this is preposterous.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Testimony will be stricken.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: One other thing, Your Honor, while
dialog: I've got your ear--
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Quit when you're ahead, partner...
dialog: but I didn't say how far ahead.
dialog: Bless your heart.
text: A moment between Cowart and Ted. Respect. Ted smiles to
text: himself. His groupies swoon. Carole Ann gives a thumbs up.
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM - NIGHT 136
text: On the phone, Ted listens to it ring...
scene_heading: INT. LIZ’S HOUSE - NIGHT 137
text: .»».as Jerry holds Liz as she dozes off to sleep. We’1l
text: notice he has discreetly DISCONNECTED the phone cord.
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM - NIGHT 138
text: Ted hangs up, more than a little on edge. Reveal Carole
text: Ann's there with him, cuddling.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: How do you keep your spirits up,
dialog: Bunny? Doesn’t it get you down?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m lucky I have things that make
dialog: happy. That way I never lose hope.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: (with innuendo)
dialog: I wish I could make you happy in
dialog: other ways.
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: How much money do you have?
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM RESTROOMS - MOMENTS LATER 139
text: Ted and Carole Ann have sex in a prison bathroom. They both
text: orgasm together. Need a moment to catch their breath.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: Wow. What was that?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (beat)
dialog: “Last Night of Freedom” sex.
text: He’s thinking about Liz, but Carole Ann thinks it’s all about
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY 140
text: Ted stands before Cowart without the jury present.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Your Honor, there is no
dialog: justification for the treatment
dialog: I've been receiving. This is a
dialog: game and I won’t be a party to it.
dialog: I’m not staying in this kind of
dialog: Waterloo! There comes a time when
dialog: I have to say, “Whoa...”
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: If you say “Whoa,” I’m going to
dialog: have to use spurs.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Since I have been in Dade County--
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Don’t shake your finger at me,
text: young man.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I am strip searched after seeing my
dialog: attorney--
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Don’t shake your finger at me!
text: Ted tilts his finger toward Dowd at the defense table.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: That’s fine. You can shake it at
dialog: Mr. Dowd.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: He deserves it more than you do.
dialog: Since I have been in Dade County, I
dialog: did not have any choice in the
dialog: selection of my attorneys, nor have
dialog: I been asked at any time my opinion
dialog: about who should be representing
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Sir, I don’t know of any case where
dialog: an individual has received the
dialog: quality and quantity of counsel you
dialog: have. Who’s minding the store for
dialog: the public defender I can’t tell
dialog: you. It’s unheard of. I’ve never
dialog: seen anything like it in the
dialog: history of any case I’ve tried in
text: twenty-seven years at the bar.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I demand the reins of my own
dialog: defense!
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: You may have them, sir, but might I
dialog: also caution that any lawyer who
dialog: represents himself has a fool for a
dialog: client.
text: Dowd stands.
speaker_heading: DAN DOWD
dialog: Your Honor, this is as good a time
dialog: as any to raise the issue of my
dialog: client’s competency. The man’s
text: life is at stake and he’s playing
dialog: his trial like a circus!
text: Ted makes a fist, turns to Dowd.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (angry) |
dialog: You want a circus? I’11 make a
dialog: circus. I’11 rain on your parade,
dialog: Jack! You’ll see a thunderstorm!
text: Court deputies prepare to spring into action.
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: (angrier, to Ted)
dialog: This court is going to proceed on
dialog: schedule without your voluntary
dialog: interruptions. Do you understand?
text: Ted takes a breath, finds his cool.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yes, Your Honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Then we’re together. Bless your
dialog: heart. I just hope you stay with
dialog: us. If you don’t, we’ll miss you.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: And all these people won’t pay
dialog: their money to come see me.
text: The court chuckles. Ted loves the attention. Dowd’s
text: resentment grows. Ted stares straight into the court camera
dialog: lens...
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S HOUSE - NIGHT 141
text: ...straight into Liz's eyes, as if they’re somehow connected
text: in this moment. Liz finds a tiny grin. It’s tender.
text: ANGLE ON Jerry, watching it all. He doesn’t like that Ted
text: still has a hold on her.
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM - DAY 142
text: Ted limps in to see... his mother LOUISE, who tears up at the
text: sight of her son shackled.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mom?
text: Louise goes to hug him. Ted finds Carole Ann and his
text: attorneys off to the side and does the math.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What is this, some kind of ambush?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: Of course not, Bunny. But your
dialog: lawyers have something important to
dialog: discuss, I thought it would be best
dialog: to have your family here too.
text: His mother’s voice cracks with heartache:
dialog: 143
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: I wouldn't be able to live if I
dialog: lost you. It would simply break my
dialog: heart and never be put back
dialog: together again.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (re: Dowd)
dialog: Did he put you up to this?
speaker_heading: DAN DOWD
dialog: When you consider the evidence they
dialog: have, combined with pretrial
dialog: publicity, and all your antics,
dialog: it’s highly likely they can secure
dialog: convictions, and because of the
dialog: nature of the offenses, several
dialog: death sentences.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m not pleading! The evidence is
dialog: all fake!
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: They are going to take your life.
dialog: My first born. My beautiful baby.
text: A mother cannot outlive her son.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mom, I did not do these things. I
dialog: want people to know that. I want
dialog: them to know the truth.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: We’ll know, Bunny. Who else
dialog: matters?
text: Off Ted, as doom sinks in...
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY 143
text: Ted sits among his defense team, bouncing his knee -- looking
text: like he’s about to sell his soul.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: I understand you have a matter
dialog: you'd like to present to the court?
text: Ted struggles to stand, paralyzed by doom.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Your Honor...
dialog: 144
dialog: 86.
text: His mouth runs dry. He takes a sip of water, hand shaking.
text: As a decision takes shape...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (machine gun precision)
dialog: Never have I encountered a man so
text: brazen in coercing his own client
dialog: into admitting guilt that it makes
dialog: me wonder if he has the stamina or
dialog: basic mental acuity to roll up his
dialog: sleeves and do the hard work. I do
dialog: not plead, I will not plead, and I
dialog: demand the resignation of my
text: roundly inept counsel immediately.
text: The courtroom hangs in heavy silence.
speaker_heading: DAN DOWD
dialog: Your Honor, I’d like to resign as
dialog: counsel.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The counselor’s first words I can
dialog: agree to.
speaker_heading: DAN DOWD
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Muzzle yourselves, counselors!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I'll consider the motion granted.
speaker_heading: DAN DOWD
dialog: How’s this for motion?
text: Dowd storms out of the courtroom. The prosecution looks
text: befuddled. Carole Ann and Louise look worried. Ted looks
dialog: proud.
scene_heading: INT. VISITATION ROOM RESTROOMS - DAY 144
text: Ted and Carole Ann have sex again, but this time it’s more
text: utilitarian. Ted climaxes. Carole Ann looks distant, angry,
dialog: and hurt.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: Do you still love her?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: wah , (Playing dumb )
dialog: 0?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: I'm so stupid.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Carole Ann...
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: I’ve only uprooted my entire life
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: She’s not here. You are. She
dialog: abandoned me. And to think I
dialog: almost married her... You're the
dialog: one I should marry.
text: She looks at him. Not if he’s serious.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I can already see it. Once I get
dialog: out, we could get a house on the
dialog: Sound, maybe a Mercedes in the
dialog: driveway, maybe a dog? I can hear
dialog: him barking now, can you hear it?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: I’m allergic to dogs. But that
dialog: sounds nice. I just wish we didn’t
dialog: have to wait.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: We don’t.
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: You'll never convince the judge.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Who says I need his permission?
scene_heading: 145 INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY 145
text: DR. RICHARD SOUVIRON, handsome, 50s, in a dapper vest-suit
text: and goatee, directs a pointer over an oversized, double-
text: panel, color blowup of TEETH -- Ted’s teeth. He’s the
text: state’s biggest gun and has a flair for the theatrical.
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: (indicating on the photos)
dialog: These are laterals... bicuspids...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON (CONT'D)
dialog: incisors...
dialog: (to jury)
dialog: Each individual’s teeth have
dialog: particular characteristics that
dialog: make them unique -- alignment,
dialog: irregularities, chips, size,
dialog: sharpness...
text: Souviron opens another double-panel (which we don’t see).
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
text: This is an enlarged photograph of
text: the victim Lisa Levy’s buttocks.
dialog: (using the pointer)
dialog: You can see the double bite. The
dialog: individual bit once, then turned
text: sideways and bit a second time.
dialog: The top teeth stayed in about the
dialog: same position, but the lower teeth,
text: biting harder, left two rings.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: Doctor, can you tell us within a
dialog: reasonable degree of dental
dialog: certainty whether or not the teeth
text: represented in that photograph are
dialog: those of the defendant?
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: Yes sir. They made the marks.
text: A collective gasp erupts throughout the court.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: No further questions.
text: Cowart bangs the gavel to restore order as Simpson returns
text: triumphantly to his seat. Ted gets up to cross-examine.
speaker_heading: TED
text: Dr. Souviron, analyzing bite marks
dialog: is part art and part science, is it
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: I think that’s a fair statement.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: And that really depends upon the
dialog: experience and education of the
dialog: examiner?
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: And your conclusions are really a
dialog: matter of opinion.
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: That is correct.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You've got a given set of teeth, or
dialog: models, and a given area of skin, a
dialog: thigh or a calf. Is there any way
dialog: to test whether those teeth will
dialog: make the same marks over and over?
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yes, because I did an experiment
dialog: just like that. I took models and
dialog: I went to the morgue and I pressed
text: the models into the buttocks area
dialog: on different individuals and
dialog: photographed them. Yes, they can
dialog: be standardized, and, yes, they do
dialog: match.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (feigning disbelief)
dialog: You said cadavers?
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: I couldn't find any live
dialog: volunteers.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: As with any art form, there must be
dialog: subjective variance.
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: If there’s an area of
dialog: inconsistency, out it goes. But
dialog: the odds of finding an identical
dialog: set -- with the wear on the
dialog: centrals, the chipped lateral
dialog: incisor, everything identical --
dialog: would be astronomical.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: When you say “the odds,” you’re
dialog: speaking of some kind of
dialog: probability?
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: A very high degree of probability.
dialog: It becomes a practical
dialog: impossibility.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Is it fair to say that odontology
dialog: is a relatively new forensic
dialog: science?
speaker_heading: DR. SOUVIRON
dialog: No. I don’t think that’s fair at
dialog: all. Historically, you have a case
dialog: of Paul Revere doing
dialog: identifications, you have testimony
dialog: admitted to the bar in
dialog: Massachusetts in the late 1800s,
dialog: and you can find citations for bite
dialog: mark cases in the legal justice
dialog: system that go back twenty-five
dialog: years. So what’s new?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (conceding)
dialog: No further questions.
text: Ted collapses into his chair.
scene_heading: 146 INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY 146
text: Ted’s on the witness stand. His own attorney questions him.
speaker_heading: PEGGY GOODE
dialog: To the best of your recollection,
dialog: when did you incur the chip in your
dialog: tooth?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: In the middle of March 1978.
speaker_heading: PEGGY GOODE
dialog: Two months after the Chi Omega
dialog: murders.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I was eating dinner in my cell in
dialog: the Leon County Jail and I bit down
text: hard and pulled out a white piece
dialog: of tooth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Larry Simpson, on cross-examination, looks at Ted askance:
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: You don’t know what the Utah dental
dialog: records look like, do you?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I don’t exactly carry them around
dialog: in my book bag.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: (cocky)
dialog: Are you speaking as the witness or
dialog: the attorney right now?
text: Ted watches Simpson, wondering what his game is.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ted as defense attorney approaches the witness, Carole Ann.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Ms. Boone, did you ever visit me in
dialog: the Garfield County Jail in 1977?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: Yes, I did.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: And to the best of your memory, did
dialog: I have any kind of a chip in my
dialog: front tooth at that time?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: No, you did not.
text: They hold each other’s gaze for a beat before Ted returns to
dialog: his showmanship.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Your Honor, I think you understand
dialog: what I’m getting at. I’d like to
dialog: subpoena all newspapers to turn
dialog: over their negatives of me. If the
dialog: chip did not occur until March
dialog: 1978, two months after the Chi
dialog: Omega crimes, and the state’s
dialog: odontologists say otherwise, then
dialog: the state’s odontologists have
dialog: obviously taken my teeth and
dialog: twisted them every which way but
dialog: loose to fit.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: Sir, you may jump up and down and
text: hang from the chandelier, but the
dialog: court will not dash for new
dialog: evidence at your command.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (under breath)
dialog: Lazy prick...
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: You impress me not, sir.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The feeling is mutual, Your Honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: I’m sure it is, bless your heart.
dialog: Unless there is anything else, Ms.
text: Boone may be excused.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: There is one more matter, Your
dialog: Honor.
text: Ted and Carole Ann smile at each other.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Will you marry me?
speaker_heading: CAROLE ANN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Then I do hereby marry you.
text: The court freezes in surprise.
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you shitting me? Objection.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Your Honor, public declaration,
text: properly phrased, in an open
text: courtroom, in the presence of court
dialog: officers, constitutes a lawful
dialog: marriage in the state of Florida.
text: Cowart shrugs at the incredulous Simpson. The newlyweds
text: gleam.
text: Then -- the image CUTS OUT like a TV shutting off.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: 147 INT. LIZ'S HOUSE - NIGHT 147
text: Jerry has just turned off the TV. Liz sends him a vicious
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You need to let him go. He is
dialog: slowly killing you and you don’t
dialog: even realize it.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You're just jealous Ted and I have
dialog: a bond that you and I never could.
dialog: I know you unplug the phones when I
dialog: fall asleep. Was it him that
dialog: called the other day?
text: Jerry doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: WHAT DID HE SAY?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: He froze up because he knows I know
text: he’s a weasel. He is going to fry,
dialog: Liz, and if you ask me, that’s the
dialog: easy way out compared to the slow,
dialog: protracted destruction you're
dialog: putting yourself through by holding
text: onto him like this. He is killing
dialog: you, because you’re letting him.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Get out.
text: Jerry doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: GET OUT!
text: Liz slaps Jerry who stands his ground. Instead of leaving,
text: Jerry steps toward her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You need to let him go, Lizzy.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: I just want this all to be over. I
dialog: wish I could take it all back.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Take what back? Why do you act
dialog: like you're personally responsible
dialog: for everything that’s happening to
dialog: him?
text: PUSHING IN on Liz...
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Because I’m the one who gave his
dialog: name to the police. That’s what
dialog: started this entire nightmare.
text: OVER, we HEAR/SEE THE OPENING POLICE CALL -- but now we also
dialog: get the other side of the conversation...
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: King County Sheriff's Department.
speaker_heading: LIZ (V.0.)
dialog: Yes, my name is Elizabeth Kendall.
dialog: I’m calling to report someone who
dialog: matches the description of the guy
dialog: from Lake Sam who was seen with
dialog: those girls who disappeared...
text: Liz was the one who gave Ted’s name to the police.
speaker_heading: LIZ (V.0.)
dialog: Is he ever going to find out it was
dialog: me who called?
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: No, he won’t find out.
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY
text: As Larry Simpson delivers his closing statement, again with
text: his easel, this time we SEE IN DETAIL THE ACTUAL EVIDENCE
text: BLOW UPS...
scene_heading: -- A PILLOW SOAKED IN BLOOD
scene_heading: -- FLAKES OF OAK BARK ON BLOOD-SPATTERED SHEETS
scene_heading: -- BUTTOCKS BITE MARK PHOTO
scene_heading: -- MACRO CLOSEUP OF TED’S GHASTLY TEETH
dialog: 155
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: -- PANTYHOSE MASK
scene_heading: -- “HOLE-IN-THE-HEAD” PHOTO
scene_heading: -- SKULL MISSING ENTIRE FRONTAL PLANE FROM BLUNT FORCE TRAUMA
scene_heading: -- PANTYHOSE GARROTTE SO TIGHT THE NECK IS HALF ITS SIZE
speaker_heading: LARRY SIMPSON
dialog: ...-He may ask for mercy. His
dialog: mother may ask for mercy. But how
dialog: nice it would have been if Lisa
dialog: Levy’s and Margaret Bowman’s
dialog: mothers could have been there that
dialog: morning of January 15, 1978 and
dialog: asked for mercy for them.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Now Ted delivers his closing statement...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the
dialog: prosecution opened this trial by
dialog: arguing this case is about more
dialog: than murder. I'd like to close it
dialog: by making that same argument.
dialog: There are two ways for the police
dialog: to investigate a crime. They can
dialog: go to a crime scene, look for
dialog: clues, and follow those clues to
dialog: their logical conclusions. Or,
dialog: they can begin with a suspect,
dialog: decide on a suspect, and work to
dialog: make the evidence fit only that
dialog: suspect.
text: Two jurors, FLOY and BERNEST, actually drowse in their seats.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: This is about more than murder.
dialog: This is about truth. You can’t
dialog: judge a man until you know the
dialog: whole truth.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S HOUSE - CONTINUING SC. 147 155
text: Liz breaks down in Jerry’s arms, collapsing into a rock-
text: bottom mess. Jerry gently rocks her as she cries.
dialog: We thought we saw love in the beginning with Ted but it was
dialog: an illusion. THIS is what love looks like.
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING ROOM - DAY
text: Ted waits with reporters. Carole Ann by his side.
text: Contrasted against Liz and Jerry, Ted and Carole Ann's
text: relationship feels hollow, an artifice.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Is it just being in the wrong place
dialog: at the wrong time, Ted?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s just being me in any place, I
dialog: guess. One set of circumstances
text: seemed to bootstrap another, and
dialog: once you get people thinking in
dialog: that vein, police officers, they
dialog: want to solve crimes, and sometimes
dialog: they don’t really think things
dialog: through. They’re willing to take
dialog: the convenient alternative. The
dialog: convenient alternative is me.
dialog: Bailiff Watson arrives:
speaker_heading: BAILIFF WATSON
text: The jury has reached a verdict.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Seven hours. Bless their hearts.
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY
dialog: 96.
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
text: The jury files in. The foreman passes the verdict to Judge
text: Cowart who passes it to COURT CLERK SHIRLEY LEWIS.
text: Ted stands.
scene_heading: COURT CLERK LEWIS
dialog: We the jury, in Miami-Dade County,
dialog: Florida, find the defendant,
dialog: Theodore Robert Bundy...
text: ..+.as we PUSH IN on the lawyers, the groupies, the press.
dialog: -..on Louise.
dialog: +-.on Carole Ann.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S HOUSE - DAY
dialog: 151
text: ...-Liz and Jerry, now watching together. He's her support.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: 152 INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY 152
text: ...CLOSER ON Ted, alone, betraying no emotion.
speaker_heading: COURT CLERK LEWIS (0.S.)
dialog: ---guilty as charged.
text: ...-Larry Simpson pumps his fist. He won.
scene_heading: 153 INT. LIZ’S HOUSE - DAY 153
text: ...-Liz’s soul dies behind her eyes.
scene_heading: 154 INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY 154
text: THE SOUND DROPS OUT, except for Judge Cowart’s voice, which
text: sounds as clinically detached as the narration of an old
text: public service announcement.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: It is this court’s reasoned
dialog: judgment that you be adjudicated
dialog: guilty of murder in the first
dialog: degree; that the killings were
dialog: indeed atrocious and cruel, in that
dialog: they were extremely wicked,
text: shockingly evil, vile, and with
dialog: utter indifference to human life;
dialog: and that you shall be put to death
dialog: by a current of electricity that
dialog: shall pass through your body until
dialog: you are dead.
scene_heading: 156 INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY 156
text: Now in the penalty phase of the trial, Ted listens to his
text: mother break down on the witness stand.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: I consider the death penalty to be
dialog: the most primitive, barbaric thing
dialog: that one human can impose on
dialog: another. My Christian upbringing
dialog: tells me that to take another’s
dialog: life under any circumstance is
dialog: wrong, and I don’t believe the
dialog: state of Florida is above the laws
dialog: of God.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: Now, now, mother. We haven’t lost
dialog: a mother yet.
text: Ted chokes up.
scene_heading: INT. AA MEETING - NIGHT
text: Liz stands in an AA MEETING.
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY
text: As Ted stands before Judge Cowart.
scene_heading: INT. AA MEETING - NIGHT
text: Trembling. Scared:
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: My name is Elizabeth Kendall, and
dialog: I’m an alcoholic.
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY
text: Shaky. Tearful. Like a son facing his father:
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m not asking for mercy. I find
dialog: it absurd to ask for mercy for
dialog: something I did not do. I’m not
dialog: the one responsible for these
dialog: horrific acts. Although the
dialog: verdict found in part that those
dialog: crimes had been committed, it erred
dialog: in finding who committed them. As
dialog: a consequence, I cannot accept the
dialog: sentence, because it is not a
dialog: sentence of me, it is a sentence of
dialog: someone else who is not standing
dialog: here today.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: The court is going to sentence the
dialog: person found guilty of the offense.
dialog: Your name, sir, was on the verdict.
text: Carole Ann struggles to restrain her own revulsion.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART
dialog: (genuinely)
dialog: Take care of yourself, young man.
dialog: I say that to you sincerely.
dialog: You're a bright young man. You’d
dialog: have made a good lawyer, and I’'da
dialog: loved to have you practice in front
dialog: of me. But you went another way,
dialog: partner.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 98.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COWART (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a tragedy to see such a total
dialog: waste of humanity that I’ve
dialog: experienced in this courtroom. I
dialog: don’t have any animosity toward
dialog: you. I want you to know that.
dialog: Take care of yourself.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Thank you.
text: Cowart anti-climactically taps the gavel. Ted looks into the
text: gallery in time to see Carole Ann running out without looking
text: back. He’s now completely alone.
text: As he’s shackled and taken away, the CAMERA FINDS -- etched
text: into the wood of the defense table where Ted’s seat was, the
text: SILHOUETTE OF A SHARK.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: We think it’s over, until...
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY MEDICAL DIVISION - DAY
text: The office is now more modernized. Other women work here
text: now, and there’s a different face at Liz’s old desk.
dialog: SUPER: 1989. Nine Years Later.
text: After a beat, LIZ, now in her 40s, exits an office marked
text: “DIRECTOR.” She’s several years sober and further along in
text: her life. She watches the office work. Proud of how far
dialog: she’s come.
text: A young woman arrives -- Liz’s very own SECRETARY:
speaker_heading: LIZ'S SECRETARY
dialog: Mrs. Kendall? This came for you.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thank you, Janet.
text: Liz feels a jolt when she sees the return address is from
text: FLORIDA STATE PRISON. She considers it the same way an
text: alcoholic considers a drink after nine years of sobriety...
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Liz puts the unopened letter in her desk drawer and shuts it.
text: But we can tell it’s the only thing on her mind.
dialog: 161
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. LIZ'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Later, with her coworkers gone for the evening, Liz shuts the
text: door. She takes the letter out from her desk, opens it, and
dialog: reads it alone...
speaker_heading: TED (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Liz. This will be my last
dialog: letter. If anyone deserves to hear
dialog: it as it was -- it’s you.
dialog: 
text: Off Liz, yet to look away...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of the usual mix of protesters and
text: supporters lined up outside the prison with signs and t-
dialog: shirts... the circus is still strong nine years later...
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: ..+.convicted murderer Ted Bundy is
dialog: set to die tomorrow in the electric
dialog: chair unless the Florida Supreme
dialog: Court grants him a fourth stay of
dialog: execution...
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SECURITY VISITATION ROOM - DAY 161
text: Liz waits, nervously bouncing her leg. A metal door OPENS.
text: Liz steels herself. This is the hardest thing Liz has ever
dialog: had to do.
text: SEPARATED BY GLASS... guards usher in Ted, now 42, thinner,
text: gaunt, lacking the sturdy frame of his youth. Pale from nine
text: years behind bars. By now he’s gotten used to the LEG BRACE
text: and CHAINS as he moves. He stops dead when he sees Liz.
text: He sits across from her. Picks up the phone. She hesitates,
text: then picks up hers.
text: A long beat of silence. Neither know what to say.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Never lose hope.
text: Ted notices Liz’s wedding ring. Tries to hide the sting with
text: a smile. His smile -- which doesn’t have the same power
text: anymore. It’s dimmer. Weaker.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I didn’t come to catch up, Ted. I
dialog: came because I need to hear the
dialog: truth.
dialog: *
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s all there in the letters.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: The whole truth.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: There is no truth, only
dialog: controversy.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: There are detectives from seven
dialog: states out there, lined up with
text: armloads of open case files.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s never going to stop, is it?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: It will stop with the truth. You
dialog: can stop it.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I didn’t do anything, Liz.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (re: detectives outside)
dialog: You're telling them that you did.
dialog: That's what you’re doing, right?
dialog: Trading the truth to buy more time?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m telling them what they want to
dialog: hear because it’s the only way to
dialog: save my life. I haven't been
dialog: convicted of anything except this
dialog: Florida thing -- which I’m still
dialog: appealing -- but they’re going to
dialog: fry me tomorrow if I don’t give
dialog: them something. I have no choice.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Do you remember the night we met?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You made heart valves.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You told me you were a lawyer. We
dialog: started with a lie, Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: My love was never a lie. I fell in
dialog: love the moment I saw you.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I need to hear the truth now.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You know I’m not capable of these
dialog: things, Liz. I would never hurt a
dialog: woman. Have I ever laid a hand on
dialog: you? Have I ever even raised my
dialog: voice? Remember when we went
dialog: shopping for ski racks and that
dialog: lady got her purse snatched--
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I’m the one who gave your name to
dialog: the police.
text: Ted lets it sink in.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: It was 1974. They put that sketch
dialog: in the paper of the man at Lake Sam
dialog: who used a fake cast to lure two
text: girls into helping him mount a
text: sailboat onto a ski rack on his
dialog: Volkswagen Bug. A ski rack that I
dialog: lent you.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I remember that sketch. Everyone
dialog: teased me about the resemblance.
dialog: We used to laugh about it together.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Part of me never believed you were
dialog: capable of these things. Part of
dialog: me still doesn’t. For years, I've
dialog: carried this horrible guilt that
dialog: I’m to blame for everything. I
dialog: used to think I ruined your life,
dialog: but now I realize you almost ruined
dialog: mine. What if I could have saved
dialog: some of those girls? I can’t live
dialog: like this anymore, Ted. It’s not
dialog: my guilt. It’s yours. You’re the
dialog: only one who can release me.
text: A long beat. You could hear a pin drop. Ted’s unreadable.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Did you do these things, Ted?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Of course not.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Denise Naslund and Janice Ott, the
dialog: two girls from Lake Sam?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Carol DaRonch, the girl from Utah,
dialog: who was too scared to even look at
dialog: you in court?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: The Colorado girls?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Oh, Liz, you've always been
dialog: insatiable. You’ve obviously come
dialog: with an agenda and I’m sorry I
dialog: can’t give you what you want.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: The sorority girls in Florida?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Absolutely not.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Kimberly Leach? She was twelve,
dialog: Ted... TWELVE!
text: Ted suddenly POUNDS the table. A flash of anger.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I did not do these things, Liz.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Did you ever want to do that to me?
text: A long, heavy silence.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I wish we could be alone... and
dialog: talk about things... with nobody
dialog: listening...
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ted, are you telling me... that
dialog: you're sick?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (barks )
dialog: Back off!
dialog: First time we’ve seen him unhinged. First time Liz is in
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I told you the truth, now you need
dialog: to do the same for me.
text: Ted stares at her. Nostrils flaring. She’s not letting up.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: I've been suffocating for nine
dialog: years, Ted. Nine years I’ve had
dialog: your hands around my neck. You are
dialog: killing me, Ted. You need to
dialog: release me.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Not you, Liz. Anyone but you.
text: Liz pulls out a MANILA ENVELOPE marked “CONFIDENTIAL” -- the
dialog: one Detective Fisher left at her house all those years ago.
text: From it, she withdraws a 9x11 PHOTOGRAPH and PRESSES IT
text: AGAINST THE GLASS in front of Ted.
text: We don’t see the photo, we just see Ted fixed on it.
text: His carotid artery pulses fast in his neck. His jaw
text: protrudes. His eyes fix in a lock-stare that looks almost
text: inhuman, like he’s just been transported to whatever scene
text: he’s seeing. And it’s absolutely fucking terrifying.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What happened to her head?
text: As if broken from deep reverie, Ted looks up -- pupils shrunk
text: to pinholes, like he’s receded into a distant tunnel in the
text: back of his head.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (slightly disoriented)
dialog: Um, if she was deposited in the
dialog: woods, animals could have
dialog: conceivably--
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Animals don’t do that.
text: Ted starts to tremble.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Don’t make me say it, Liz. I’m not
dialog: a bad guy.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You need to release me.
text: Room tone LOUDER THAN THUNDER...
text: After an unbearably long beat, Ted lifts his finger as if to
text: TOUCH the photo, but then we hear the SQUEAK of his finger on
text: glass and realize HE’S WRITING SOMETHING over the photo...
text: Once he finishes, Liz looks terrified to remove the photo and
text: reveal it. Before she does...
text: ECU on TED’S SIGNATURE BLUE EYES, as we ZOOM THROUGH A
text: BARRAGE OF IMAGERY THAT IS EXTREMELY WICKED, SHOCKINGLY EVIL,
dialog: AND VILE...
text: QUICK CUTS OF THE DESTRUCTION HE HAS WROUGHT -- INTERCUT WITH
text: EARLIER MOMENTS FROM OUR MOVIE THAT NOW HAVE A COMPLETELY
text: DIFFERENT FEEL TO THEM IN THIS NEW CONTEXT...
text: -- Ted barking in Liz's ear on their first date...
dialog: -- The burglary tools we didn't see: ski mask... crowbar...
dialog: ice pick...
text: -- Ted slinging Molly over his shoulder...
text: -- Ted pretending to bite Liz's nose at the fundraiser...
text: -- Liz smelling Ted's clothes in his luggage...
text: -- Ted under the covers with a flashlight peeping at Liz's
text: naked body as she sleeps...
text: -- Ted “hunting” Liz as their foreplay...
text: -- Ted clamping his hand around Liz's neck in sex...
dialog: 
text: -- Ted's anger in pounding the table...
text: -- Ted's EYES -- no longer sweet and blue, but black and
dialog: scary
dialog: 
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 106.
text: The cuts come so fast it’s nauseating. Realizing this evil
dialog: has been in front of us -- seducing us -- the entire time.
dialog: It’s not that we didn’t see it, it’s that we didn’t want to.
dialog: Like Liz, like his victims, like everyone he encountered, we
dialog: were inexplicably mesmerized by Ted. We wanted to believe
dialog: him because we liked h
dialog: 
dialog: Now that we know the truth -- the whole truth -- and nothing
dialog: but the truth -- we feel disgusted.
text: THIS BARRAGE OF IMAGES ALL CULMINATES WITH ONE WORD SCRAWLED
text: IN THE DUST OF THE WINDOW AS LIZ REMOVES THE PHOTO...
dialog: hacksaw
text: The “K"” is written backwards.
text: Liz SKIDS up out of her chair, gasping in revulsion. Eyes
text: filled with shock, awe, horror... backing far, far away...
text: Ted keeps his eyes downcast. Face pale. Can’t bring himself
text: to look Liz directly in the eye and makes no effort to
text: explain. He is, in this precise moment, lost to her.
text: WE STAY WITH LIZ, retreating from her former lover, a
text: complete and monstrous stranger now.
text: She BANGS on the door.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 162
text: Liz hurries through security checkpoints, tears streaming,
text: past a LONG LINE OF DETECTIVES -- there’s Mike Fisher, Norm
text: Chapman, Kathy McChesney, etc. -- all with arm loads of CASE
dialog: FILES...
scene_heading: EXT. RAIFORD PRISON - DAY 163
text: .--into the claustrophobic humidity where she finally lets
text: free a maelstrom of emotion released in an instant.
dialog: It’s not sadness or shock. It’s a great burden leaving her --
dialog: guilt -- insecurity -- self-loathing -- codependency --
dialog: Ted.
text: And there waiting for her, next to a cheap rental car... are
text: JERRY and TEENAGE MOLLY. They wrap their arms around Liz --
text: her journey is now complete.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE MOLLY
dialog: I’m proud of you, Mom.
text: Together, they get into a RENTAL CAR and drive onto a
text: deserted highway that cuts through the vast wasteland that is
text: Starke, Florida... driving away from the prison... moving
dialog: forward.... starting new... feeling strong.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: SUPER:
text: Ted Bundy was executed on January 24, 1989. Days before his
text: execution, he confessed to 30 murders. He is suspected of
text: Many more. Most of his victims have never been found.
text: He was cremated and scattered in the Cascades... one of the
text: resting spots of many of his victims.
text: Liz still lives in Washington with her family. She is sober.
text: Carole Ann gave birth to a girl fathered by Ted while on
text: death row. Their whereabouts are unknown.
dialog: 
