dialog: 
speaker_heading: FACE/OFF
dialog: Written by
dialog: Mike Werb &amp; Michael Colleary
dialog: Revised 9/10/96
speaker_heading: FADE INTO:
scene_heading: SEPIA-TONE FOOTAGE
text: of a pig chasing a lion chasing a dinosaur chasing an
text: elephant. Noah's Ark going round... and round... and
dialog: round...
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK CAROUSEL - DAY
text: Disjointed CALLIOPE MUSIC as the wheel of fate and
text: fortune goes around until we PULL BACK to reveal:
text: JON ARCHER (30) rising winged Pegasus. On the adjacent
text: unicorn is his son MATTHEW (5). Clutching a balloon,
text: Matty waves at his dad. A happy moment, like so many
dialog: certain to follow -- until we realize we are watching
text: them THROUGH...
scene_heading: SNIPER'S RIFLE SCOPE - SNIPER'S EYES
text: wait until the child clears his aim -- Archer is the
text: target. They round the bend and disappear...
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
text: Loses his grip on the unicorn. Archer reaches over and
text: pulls him into his lap. They happily ride together...
text: As the horses sweep back INTO VIEW... exposing Archer...
text: Now we see the sniper. CASTOR TROY is cool, efficient,
text: aggressive, sexual. His finger closes around the
dialog: trigger.
text: BOOM! A BULLET RIPS into Archer's back. Bleeding... he
text: drops off his horse... and sinks to the deck of the
text: carousel. His eyes desperately searching... searching...
text: searching... until he sees --
text: Matthew lies on his back -- still. Slowly, Archer
text: reaches out and takes Matthew's hand... and now we see
text: COLOR for the first time...
text: Blood red... as bleeding father touches bleeding son...
text: TILT UP TO the winged Pegasus flying by -- now in full
text: color and UP UP UP TO Matthew's red balloon... floating
dialog: away.
text: HANDEL'S MESSIAH OVER a SERIES OF SHOTS:
scene_heading: FBI BRIEFING ROOM
text: Gazing out the window as dawn breaks over the city below
text: is Jon Archer... older... unshaven... fatigued... his
text: eyes reveal a man in the grip of obsession.
speaker_heading: CAROUSEL HORSE
text: sweeps by, as if marking time itself...
speaker_heading: HOLY PLACE
text: Smoky, spiritual... dominated by a gleaming, golden
text: cross. A priest kneels before it -- deep in prayer. The
text: glimmering cross comes INTO FOCUS... but it's just a
text: light-reflection... off the casing of a large bomb. This
text: is no chapel... but an atrium. Somewhere.
text: And as the "priest" rubs out his cigarette we see it's
text: Castor Troy -- carefully installing this complex device.
scene_heading: ANOTHER CAROUSEL HORSE
text: sweeps by...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
text: pockets his FBI badge, then holsters his gun...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
text: sets the bomb timer -- then replaces a wall panel in
text: front of it. Totally hidden.
scene_heading: BRIEFING ROOM - CASTOR'S MUGSHOT
text: is on a computer screen. His criminal dossier scrolls by
dialog: endlessly: bombings, assassinations, mercenary
dialog: kidnappings, terrorism-for-hire...
text: Rookie agent LOOMIS studies the details carefully. Other
text: agents -- including BUZZ and WANDA scan computer grid-
text: maps, man phones, etc. amid the take-out cartons and
text: coffee cups. These people are on high alert.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Any follow-up from L.A.P.D.
dialog: Intelligence?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: No, sir, nothing yet.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Get them on the phone -- now.
dialog: What about S.I.S. and our airport
dialog: teams?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: We've had everything from psychics
dialog: to satellites on this. Even if
dialog: Castor was here... he must have
dialog: slipped the net by now...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: He's here! And we're going to
dialog: keep looking until we find him!
text: A silence descends on the chastised team. As they go
text: back to work, veteran agent TITO BIONDI takes Archer
dialog: aside.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Jon, these people have been
dialog: working round the clock -- you
dialog: gotta cut them some slack...
text: Archer considers his best friend's advice -- then...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I'll cut them some slack when I
dialog: cut myself some slack.
text: Archer marches out -- slamming the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY (MORNING)
text: Castor quietly shuts the security door behind him. An
text: Hispanic voice startles him.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: (in perfect Spanish)
dialog: Thank goodness, I feel like Icarus
dialog: in the labyrinth -- where's the
dialog: men's room?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: This area is off limits, Padre.
dialog: (re: security door)
dialog: How did you get in that room?
text: Realizing the JANITOR is already too suspicious, Castor
text: puts a priestly arm around him -- and leads him down the
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Okay... I have a confession to
dialog: make, but you aren't gonna like
dialog: it. I was planting a bomb.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Bomb?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You know -- boom --
dialog: (patting his
dialog: neck)
dialog: Oh, never mind...
text: The Janitor suddenly twitches, his eyes rolls up in his
text: head. As he gasps his last -- Castor heaves him down a
text: stairwell. Now we see the needle-thin custom stiletto in
text: Castor's hand.
text: Castor kicks the Janitor's mop and bucket down the stairs
dialog: -- making everything look like an accident.
scene_heading: INT. SAME BUILDING - MAIN FLOOR - DAY (MORNING)
text: The children's church choir -- 200 strong -- sing "Behold
dialog: the Lamb of God." Clergy and lay persons listen
text: reverently.
text: "Father" Castor strolls by the singers -- casually
text: heading for the exit. As he passes the risers, a teenage
text: girl drops her sheet music at his feet.
text: Returning it -- he whispers in her ear -- so close he's
text: practically licking it.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I've never enjoyed 'The Messiah.'
dialog: But your voice makes even a hack
dialog: like Handel seem like a genius.
text: He pats her behind and leaves. Although a little shaken,
text: she's also drawn by Castor's sexual magnetism.
scene_heading: EXT. LA CONVENTION CENTER - DAY (MORNING)
text: The marquee proclaims: INTERNATIONAL CHURCH CHOIRS 18th-
scene_heading: 21st: AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION.
text: Castor exits -- politely holding the door for a beat cop.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S OFFICE - DAY (MORNING)
text: The office is a monument to obsession: photographs,
text: clues, newsclips, totems of Castor Troy surround a pacing
dialog: Archer.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: ... I don't have time to get a
text: warrant from some hung-over judge.
dialog: Just give me the go-ahead, Victor,
dialog: and I promise -- as soon as this
dialog: is over -- you can brand my butt
dialog: with the Fourth Amendment.
text: The instant Archer hangs up -- the INTERCOM BUZZES.
speaker_heading: KIM (V.O.)
dialog: Sir, your wife's on line one...
dialog: S.I.S. on two...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Tell her to hang on --
text: As Archer punches up line two -- Tito bursts in.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: A jet was chartered at Anderson
dialog: Airfield. Guess who just showed
dialog: up to pay for it? Pollux Troy.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Scramble the Reaction Team --
dialog: we're moving out. And get one of
dialog: our people on that plane.
speaker_heading: TITO
text: But there's still no sign of
dialog: Castor...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Where one brother goes, the
dialog: other's sure to follow...
text: They rush our... the hold button on line 1 still
text: blinking.
scene_heading: EXT. PRIVATE AIRPORT - ESTABLISHING - DAY
text: A sleek Cadillac pulls in... stopping next to a Land
dialog: Rover.
text: LARS MUELLER -- a muscular, crystal-eyed jar-head -- gets
text: out of the Caddy. An instant later -- LUNT MUELLER --
text: emerges from the Rover. They are identical twins.
text: The men scan the airport carefully, then open the rear
text: doors of their respective vehicles. Castor emerges from
text: the Caddy -- Armani clad.
text: Exiting the Rover is Castor's younger brother POLLUX TROY
text: -- skittish, brilliant, paranoid -- a human hummingbird.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: You're 26 minutes late. The
dialog: casing didn't fit -- right? I
dialog: knew that cheap-shit Dietrich
dialog: would rip us off...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Oh, God -- !
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: What!?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I forgot to turn the damn thing
dialog: on!
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: You're kidding, right?
dialog: (to the twins)
dialog: He's kidding...
dialog: (grabs Castor
dialog: by throat)
dialog: ... are you fucking kidding!?
text: Castor hugs Pollux lovingly. Pollux squirms like a kid.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Bro -- everything went fine.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: I hate when you call me bro.
text: Pollux heads for the jet. Castor hands Lunt a wad of
dialog: cash.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Thanks for babysitting.
speaker_heading: LUNT
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I'll contact you when we get the
dialog: rest of the money.
dialog: (turns to leave)
dialog: Oh, and stat away from downtown.
dialog: The inversion layer's going to be
text: pretty thick around the 18th.
text: The twins nod... then take off. Castor heads for the
dialog: jet.
scene_heading: INT. JET - DAY
text: Castor hustles in -- exhorting the PILOT.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Let's go, let's go!
text: As the JET TURBINES start to WHINE, Castor sinks into his
text: seat. A very sexy FLIGHT ATTENDANT appears and hands him
text: a Scotch. He downs it, looking her over salaciously.
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: Would you like anything else?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Hell, yes...
dialog: (pulls her into lap)
dialog: It's the only way to fly.
text: She smiles, not minding, until the jet suddenly slows its
text: taxi down the runway.
speaker_heading: COCKPIT
text: Castor yanks open the door.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What's wrong?
scene_heading: AT END OF RUNWAY
text: A squat car creeps INTO VIEW -- blocking the runway.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. HUMVEE - MOVING - DAY
text: Behind the wheel is Jon Archer. Beside him is Tito.
text: BACK TO ARCHER
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: It's Archer.
dialog: (gun to Pilot's
dialog: head)
dialog: Go, dammit!
text: Suddenly the gun is BLASTED from Castor's hand. he turns
text: around to see... the Flight Attendant behind them --
text: holding a smoking pistol. This is Agent WINTERS.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: F.B.I.! Throttle down, captain!
text: But Castor elbows the throttle up. The jet lurches
text: forward, throwing Winters off balance. Pollux tackles
text: her as the jet picks up speed.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE - DAY
text: Archer slams the vehicle into gear.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Get out.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: You're not playing chicken with
dialog: two tons of aluminum...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Get out!
text: Tito obeys as Archer peels out. The HUMMER ROARS at the
dialog: jet.
text: The jet picks up speed, trying to get aloft.
text: The humvee is aimed right at it... Archer's eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: COLLISION COURSE
text: as two hunks of metal bear down. The machines are
dialog: seconds apart when --
text: Archer looks up to see...
text: Winters' face pressed up against the cockpit window,
text: Castor holding a gun to her head.
text: Archer cuts the wheel -- just avoiding the jet. The
text: Hummer skids to a stop as Federal back-up arrives -- but
text: too late. Archer watches an FBI chopper -- landing in a
text: swirl of dust.
text: As the jet picks up speed... the hatch opens. Castor
text: blasts Winters in the side and tosses her onto the
text: tarmac.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: Castor smiles at Pollux, sensing freedom, until...
text: KA-CHUNK: Something POUNDS the jet -- from above.
text: Castor leans out the hatch and sees...
text: The chopper on top of them -- Archer at the controls.
text: Eye-contact -- years of hatred pass between these men.
text: Castor BLASTS at him from the open hatch.
text: The chopper's left windscreen spiderwebs. Archer jerks
text: and weaves -- dodging the BULLETS. The chopper pulls
dialog: away.
text: The jet finally lifts off... when...
text: The chopper settles on the jet -- slamming at its tail.
speaker_heading: TARMAC
text: Tito reacts to this madness -- as the chopper plays a
text: deadly game of leap-frog with the jet.
text: The end of the runway is coming up fast.
text: Archer crushes the jet's horizontal elevator flap.
speaker_heading: JET PILOT
text: can't budge the jet's jammed yoke. Thwarted, he powers
text: back the throttle. Thrust reverse.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: PILOT
text: The horizontal elevator's smashed!
dialog: We can't lift off!
speaker_heading: CASTOR
text: SHOOTS the Pilot -- then takes the controls. He
text: struggles to maneuver the jet. Suddenly...
text: A biplane descends right at them -- about to land.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
text: pulls up just as the JET swerves radically to avoid the
text: biplane and SLAMS into the hangar.
speaker_heading: JET
text: plows through the GLASS DOOR, the NOSE-WHEEL SNAPS off.
text: The PLANE SKIDS right into the hangar -- finally stopping
text: at the wings.
speaker_heading: FBI CHOPPER
text: lands. Archer steps out calmly -- like a cop about to
text: write a traffic ticket. He hurries to join more FBI
text: agents rushing into the hangar ahead of him.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR - DAY
text: The jet hatch pops open -- Castor leaps from it, FIRING.
text: Two FBI agents drop -- riddled.
text: Pollux appears at the hatch -- an FBI sharpshooter FIRES,
text: grazing Pollux's shoulder. Staggered, Pollux falls --
text: Castor catches him before he hits the floor --
text: simultaneously BLASTING the sharpshooter.
text: Castor drags Pollux back into the smoke-filled hangar.
text: Archer arrives and quickly checks the dead agents, his
text: anger building. He signals Tito and the others to spread
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: DEEP IN HANGAR
text: A maze of airplane debris and heavy machinery. Led by
text: Archer, the FBI agents pick their way through it.
text: ROOKIE LOOMIS snaps alert -- did he see something?
text: Advancing carefully, he comes up on...
text: Castor -- staunching Pollux's shoulder wound. Pollux
text: sees the agent -- and FIRES.
text: Loomis hits the floor -- his bleeding ear is shredded.
text: Suddenly a forklift charges down on Castor and Pollux.
text: Tito is at the wheel. Castor FIRES -- forcing Tito to
text: dive off. The forklift careens on -- driving apart the
dialog: brothers.
text: The forklift upends a stack of heavy crates -- pinning
text: Pollux. Castor tries to free his trapped brother.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Forget it -- Go! Go!
text: He slaps his Glock into Pollux's hand.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Wherever they put you, I'll find a
dialog: way to get you out...
text: Pollux starts FIRING -- covering Castor as he runs
text: through a tunnel which leads to an adjoining hangar.
text: Suddenly Wanda presses her machine-pistol into Pollux's
text: head. As Pollux raises his gun -- Tito grabs his hand.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: -- not unless you want that 200
text: I.Q. splattered all over the
dialog: floor.
dialog: (as Archer
dialog: approaches)
dialog: We got him now, Jon.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: That's what you always say. Seal
dialog: it off. I'm going in.
text: Archer moves away from the group and enters the tunnel.
text: MUSIC as Archer and Castor begin their cat-and-mouse
dialog: dance.
text: Sensing Archer, Castor pauses by an old landing gear. He
text: draws a fresh pistol from his ankle holster and moves on.
text: Archer pauses at the landing gear... his own stealthy
text: movements mirroring Castor's.
text: Castor waits behind a stack of steel drums... his gaze
text: trying to penetrate the darkness... He SNAPS his fingers.
text: The sound ECHOES as he tries to draw Archer in.
text: Archer reacts to the sound and SNAPS back -- answering
text: the challenge. As the deadly beat between them
dialog: continues --
text: BLAM BLAM BLAM! Archer spins away just as Castor OPENS
text: FIRE from the gloom... one step ahead.
dialog: INTERCUT as necessary:
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Jon, I'm getting a little annoyed
dialog: by your obsessive need to spoil my
dialog: fun.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: And how much will your 'fun' net
dialog: you this time?
text: BOOM BOOM BOOM! Half-blind SHOTS send Castor spinning.
text: A moment later, Archer pursues... SNAP! He fits a new
text: CLIP into his pistol.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What's it to you? I declare it.
dialog: Here I am, back in the States for
dialog: less than a week --
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You're under arrest. Incredibly,
dialog: you still have the right to remain
dialog: silent --
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I've got something going down on
dialog: the eighteenth... it's gonna be
dialog: worse than anything God ever
dialog: dumped on the Pharaoh. I'll give
dialog: it up -- but my brother and I have
dialog: to walk.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: No discussion -- no deals.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What're you gonna do with me
dialog: locked up? You'll drive your wife
dialog: and kid nuts! I bet your daughter
dialog: is just about ripe by now. What's
dialog: her name, Janie?
text: Enraged, Archer steps boldly forward -- trying to draw
text: his enemy out. Silence -- then Archer senses...
text: Castor is behind him. He FIRES -- Archer dives away.
text: The BARRAGE CONTINUES -- driving Archer back between two
text: huge turbine engines. As Archer reloads, he stares at
text: the control panel switches.
text: Castor moves in for the kill when he hears a final SNAP-
dialog: SNAP. Except it isn't a finger snap... it's two
dialog: switches.
text: VRRRROOOM! The TWIN ENGINES ROAR on! Unable to fight
text: the churning tornado-force wind... Castor's blasted
text: across the hangar... slamming hard into the far wall.
text: The ENGINES STOP and Archer emerges -- joined by Tito.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Tell me he didn't get away
dialog: again...
text: Then Tito follows Archer's gaze to Castor's lifeless
text: body. Still as death -- somehow his mocking smile
dialog: survives.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT TARMAC - SUNSET
text: Heavily-manacled, an extremely agitated Pollux is herded
text: into a SWAT van by Buzz and Wanda.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Where's my brother?! I want to
dialog: see my brother!
text: The van takes off -- passing an imposing older man,
text: flanked by two bodyguards. Bullying through the media,
text: Assistant FBI Director VICTOR LAZARRO scans the
text: devastation.
text: Approaching Archer, he watches as Castor's body is loaded
text: on the ambulance. A sheet covers Castor's lifeless face.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: The oversight committee would've
dialog: roasted us for this one -- thank
dialog: God it paid off. Damn fine work.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Real fine, Victor. Especially the
dialog: casualties.
text: Archer contemplates the slain agents -- their three
text: bodies laid out in a row -- waiting to be zip-locked.
text: Lazarro reacts grimly as a reporter snaps a photo of the
dialog: bodies.
text: Instinctively, the two men close ranks. Archer grabs the
text: Nikon, ejects the film, then shoves the camera back.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: Classified information. No
dialog: photographs.
text: Lazarro puts a caring arm around Archer's shoulder and
text: leads him away from the media... and the carnage.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: You okay, Jon?
dialog: (off Archer's nod)
dialog: Then go home. Tell Eve.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHER'S HOME (SANTA MONICA) - SUNSET
text: A renovated Craftsman. Sipping a carton of milk, Archer
text: pulls into the driveway. He sits, gathering his
dialog: thoughts.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Archer enters and sees his wife EVE. Handsome,
dialog: intelligent.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Hi...
dialog: (no response)
dialog: ... What's wrong?
text: She nods toward the KITCHEN. JAMIE is there -- a sullen
text: and hard fifteen-year-old. There are cigarette cartons
text: on the table.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: She complimented for her 'F' in
dialog: history with an 'A' in
dialog: shoplifting...
text: Archer marches into the kitchen -- noting the crate of
text: Marlboros. Jamie matter-of-factly pours herself coffee.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Nice stunt, Jamie. You break the
dialog: law and I'm expected to ignore it?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: That's right -- it's all about
dialog: you. Don't even ask me what
dialog: happened.
text: Archer looks to Eve for help. Eve shakes her head --
dialog: nope.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Okay. What happened?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Like you'd ever fucking believe
dialog: me!
text: She bolts. In anticipation, Eve calmly opens the door as
text: Jamie rushes out, then closes it behind her.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Well, you tried. You failed
dialog: miserably, but you tried.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Why won't she even talk to me?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Maybe because you taught her never
dialog: to speak to strangers.
dialog: (immediately
dialog: regrets it)
dialog: I'm sorry... that wasn't fair.
text: Eve kisses his cheek -- then gathers up her doctor gear.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I've got patients waiting. Try
dialog: again, Jon. She hates you -- but
dialog: she needs you.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Eve...
text: Something in Archer's expression makes her stop.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon -- what is it?
text: But he's too overcome. He starts to speak -- but can't.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Is it -- him? It's... it's over?
text: Emotions avalanche across his face until he finally looks
text: up. Eve pulls him close -- a sheltering embrace for them
dialog: both.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I'm going to make everything up to
dialog: you and Jamie. I'll put in for a
dialog: desk job. We'll go away, get
dialog: counseling -- anything you want.
dialog: This time, I mean it.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER HOME - NIGHT
text: Freshly dressed, Archer heads down the hall. He pauses
text: at the door to Jamie's room when he sees -- Jamie.
text: Fully clothed, she's fast asleep on her bed cluttered
text: with clothes and assorted girl-stuff. Her face peaceful.
text: Archer looks around her room... sees the stuffed animals
text: collecting dust... replaced by makeup, jewelry, beefcake
dialog: Calvin Klein ads and band posters, etc.
text: Archer's startled to see a lacey bustier... his little
text: girl is growing up fast. And he's missing it.
text: He pulls the blanket up over her and quietly slips out.
text: The instant he leaves, Jamie kicks the blankets off.
scene_heading: INT. FBI BUILDING - DAY
text: Dominated by the FBI seal. Archer steps to the check
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Print, please.
text: Archer presses his thumb to a scan-pad -- and is cleared.
scene_heading: INT. BULL PEN - DAY
text: Efficient as a beehive -- agents, cryptologists, support
text: staff buzz at their routines. Archer strides through --
text: drawing congratulatory nods and "thumbs up" signs...
scene_heading: OUTSIDE HIS OFFICE
text: Archer's team is there. Applauding. Proud. Uneasy with
text: plaudits, he disperses the disappointed agents.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Much appreciated. Now let's get
dialog: back to work, okay?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: (to Buzz)
dialog: Is that stick ever gonna fall out
dialog: of his ass?
text: Archer's well-built secretary -- KIM BREWSTER -- hands
text: him his messages. She's holding a bottle of Dom
dialog: Perignon.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: The C.I.A. sent this over. What
dialog: should I do with it?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Send it back and tell them to stop
dialog: wasting the taxpayers' money.
dialog: Anything else, Miss Brewster?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: No, sir.
text: He enters his office. Kimberly sighs and turns to Wanda.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Four years -- and he still calls
dialog: me 'Miss Brewster.'
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sitting at his computer -- Archer scrolls through
text: Castor's file. He grimly contemplates face-after-face of
text: Troy's victims -- finally pausing on a photo of his son
dialog: Matthew.
text: Burying his feeling, he types "CASE CLOSED" over
text: Castor's image. Archer starts to press "enter" when Tito
text: comes in.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: How's Loomis?
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: He needs some surgery, but he's
dialog: going to be okay. That's the good
dialog: news...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: ... Brodie and Miller from Special
dialog: Ops need to see you.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I don't have time for those cloak
dialog: and dagger guys.
text: Big NED BRODIE and athletic female HOLLIS MILLER stroll
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: You better make time, Jon.
dialog: (hefts a disc)
dialog: We found this in the jet wreckage
dialog: -- among Pollux Troy's effects...
text: Archer accedes as Miller pops in the disk. The computer
text: screen displays a CAD schematic of the bomb. Archer
text: studies it carefully -- unease growing.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Porcelain casing... Thermal
dialog: cloak... Undetectable payload.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Powerful enough to flatten ten
dialog: city blocks.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: 'Worse than anything God ever
dialog: dumped on the Pharaohs.'
dialog: (to Tito)
dialog: Get Pollux Troy. Now.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INTERROGATION FOOTAGE
text: Wired to a complex machine -- Pollux seems to have his
text: frustrated interrogators on the run.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Archer, Lazarro, Tito, Brodie, Miller and other FBI
text: officials watch the monitor. Pollux remains implacable
speaker_heading: POLLUX (V.O.)
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: That bomb was just a crossword
dialog: puzzle to me... a mental exercise.
dialog: I never built it...
text: Lazarro shuts down the monitor... turns to Archer.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: He's lying.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
text: He's hooked up to a full-spectrum
dialog: polygraph.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Pollux is a manipulative
text: psychopath. He can control his
dialog: heartbeat, his sweat glands, his
dialog: blood pressure...
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: Jon, I trust your instincts, I
dialog: always have. But D.C. wants more
dialog: evidence. And frankly, so do I.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You'll get all the evidence you
dialog: need when ten thousand people die.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: We'll get a team right on it. But
dialog: we can't evacuate the city on what
text: amounts to a hunch.
text: Archer looks at the gathered brass. He knows it's
dialog: hopeless.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: That bomb has been built, it's out
dialog: there somewhere and it's going to
dialog: detonate...
scene_heading: EXT. FBI BUILDING - INTELLIGENCE MEMORIAL - DAY
text: Words etched in the granite wall read:
scene_heading: IN HONOR OF THOSE MEMBERS
text: OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
text: WHO SACRIFICED THEIR LIVES
text: IN THE LINE OF DUTY
text: Archer watches as a workman engraves the last of the
text: three new stars among so many others -- each one honoring
dialog: the dead.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: Didn't Castor give any clue where
dialog: the bomb might be?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Only one person knows -- his
dialog: brother Pollux. And he'll keep
text: his mouth shut until it blows.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: We could plant an agent in his
dialog: cell -- get him to spill the
dialog: location.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Pollux is way too paranoid. The
dialog: only person he'd talk to about
dialog: that bomb is Castor himself. And
dialog: dead men can't talk.
text: Brodie and Miller exchange a knowing look.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: There might be a way around
dialog: that...
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - CASTOR'S BODY
text: Tubes and hoses are plugged into every orifice.
scene_heading: INT. ICU ROOM - DAY
text: Archer stares at the body... he can't believe it.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Why are you keeping him alive?
dialog: (gets no answer)
text: As long as he's breathing, he's
dialog: dangerous.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Relax, he's a turnip.
text: Miller grinds out her cigarette on Castor's leg. Of
text: course, Castor just lies there like a vegetable.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: We can arrange for you to enter
dialog: Erewhon Prison -- as Castor Troy.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Archer turns as DR. MALCOLM HOAG (50s) enters the room.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: I think I'd better answer that
dialog: question.
dialog: (offers hand)
dialog: Malcolm Hoag. I run the
dialog: Physiological Camouflage Unit for
dialog: Special Ops.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I know who you are.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: But you don't know what he can do.
dialog: Physical augmentation; enhancement
dialog: surgery...
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: ... He can disguise a compromised
dialog: agent or alter the likeness --
dialog: even the voice -- of a government
dialog: witness.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: Let me show you how it's done.
dialog: (leading him out)
dialog: I think you'll recognize our
dialog: patient...
scene_heading: INT. HOAG'S SURGICAL BAY - DAY
text: Loomis lies still as a surgeon carefully scrapes away
text: charred flesh around his burned ear. The doctor turns to
dialog: a --
scene_heading: STEREO-LITHOGRAPHIC MACHINE
text: Laser-beams attack an organic soup with incredible
text: precision. The light forces a chemical reaction -- and
text: out of the soup -- an ear begins to form. It rises from
text: the liquid, now fully-formed. The surgeon takes the ear
text: and fits it in place on Loomis's head. He starts
text: suturing.
scene_heading: OBSERVATION BOOTH - ABOVE
text: Archer, Hoag, Brodie and Miller watch the operation --
text: video-enhanced by the two huge screens on the far walls.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: With our new generation of anti-
dialog: inflammatories, healing is
dialog: accelerated from weeks to days.
dialog: By his next paycheck, he won't
dialog: even remember which ear he lost.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Your situation, however, would be
dialog: a little less permanent...
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: -- and a lot more classified.
text: Hoag holds up a face-sized organic shell made up of
text: yellow cartilage pieces and tendons, etc. Archer pulls
text: it over his face -- like a gauze mask. A "tendon" falls
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: This'll fool Pollux.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: That is a state-of-the-art morpho-
dialog: genetic template. The inside can
dialog: be built to match the exact shape
dialog: of your skull; the outside --
dialog: exactly like Castor's. Then we
dialog: fit his face right on top --
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: -- and you become him.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You're talking about removing the
dialog: guy's face?
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: Borrowing, Jon. The procedure's
text: completely reversible.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: One way or the other -- the
text: mission ends on the eighteenth.
text: Archer turns the shell over and over and over in his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: You know Castor better than
dialog: anyone. You've lived and breathed
dialog: him for years -- hell, you even
text: look a little like him.
text: Archer shoves the template back at Hoag.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Find yourself another lab-rat.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: If you don't do this -- Castor
dialog: will beat us again. He'll beat
dialog: you again...
text: Archer pushes his way past them -- and marches out.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: I don't think that went very well.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: Trust us, Doc...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: ... he'll jerk around. Then he'll
dialog: be back.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION BOOTHS - DAY
text: Archer enters... sizes up DIETRICH HASSLER. His stylish
text: garb doesn't completely hide his criminal roots. Archer
text: sits down calmly. He looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I'm in a hurry, Dietrich. So
dialog: you've only got ten seconds to go
dialog: through your usual litany of lies,
text: empty threats, and moronic
dialog: denials. Then I'm coming over
dialog: there --
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: If you're in such a fucking hurry
dialog: -- why are you wasting your time
dialog: with me? I'm just an art dealer.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You're a dealer, all right:
dialog: technical secrets, munitions...
dialog: explosives.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: You've never proven any of that.
dialog: And when my bitchy, never-been-
dialog: laid femi-nazi lawyer gets here,
dialog: she's going to...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Time's up.
text: Archer topples the wooden table and tears a leg from the
text: top. Brandishing it -- he stalks the startled thug.
scene_heading: HALLWAY JUST OUTSIDE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Lazarro blanches as an obsessed Archer repeatedly slams
text: the table leg against the wall -- above Dietrich's head.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: The only ticking bomb I see is
text: inside his head. He's getting
dialog: worse, Tito.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Don't worry, sir. It's all an
dialog: act...
text: But as Lazarro leaves -- we see Tito's worried, too.
scene_heading: BACK INSIDE BOOTH
text: Archer has a terrified Dietrich backed into the corner.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: ... Okay! Castor called me but I
dialog: blew him off... I swear I never
dialog: saw him. And I don't know
dialog: anything about any bomb!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - OUTSIDE INTERROGATION BOOTHS - SAME TIME
text: Archer emerges... eyes blazing.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Let him go, but I want him
dialog: watched... Who's next?
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Just Dietrich's sister...
text: In another booth, a careworn but striking woman sits with
text: a little boy on her lap. She gently helps him Crayola a
text: book. This is SASHA HASSLER (30) and her son ADAM (5).
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION BOOTH - DAY
text: Archer hovers over Sasha -- her maternal warmth replaced
text: by an icy hatred. Tito and the child are gone.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: When was the last time you saw
dialog: Castor Troy?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Who cares? He's dead.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Answer the question.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Look, I'm clean. I teach kids
dialog: now --
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Sasha -- you are a felon, on
dialog: probation for harboring Castor
dialog: Troy. So it's in your best
dialog: interest to cooperate.
dialog: (as she's silent)
dialog: Would you like your son put in a
dialog: foster home?
text: Sasha's eyes flash, her body coils -- but she keeps
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: No, but I'm sure you'd love it --
dialog: you sick bastard.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: (unmoved)
dialog: When was the last time you saw
dialog: Castor Troy?
text: She stares at him with equal amounts of pity and hatred.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: I haven't seen him for years.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Archer watches as Adam leaves Dietrich and jumps into
text: Sasha's arms. She hugs him protectively. Adam sees
text: Archer watching them -- and smiles. Archer doesn't smile
dialog: back.
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - CASTOR'S REAL FACE
scene_heading: PULL BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. I.C.U. - NIGHT
text: Archer slowly circles Castor's muscular, hairy, tattooed
text: body. Although on life support -- his signature smirk
dialog: remains.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: What about Lazarro?
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: No way -- the red tape alone would
dialog: take a month. This is a black-bag
dialog: operation -- completely off the
dialog: books.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: If you need him, Tito can help you
dialog: prepare. But you know the drill:
dialog: You can't tell anyone -- not the
dialog: Director, not your wife... nobody.
text: Archer's face shows he doesn't like it -- then he nods.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I'm in.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHER HOME - NIGHT
text: Archer slowly gets out of his car. Trudging toward the
text: front door, he picks up a basketball and takes a shot.
text: His form is terrible -- he misses by a mile.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Archer passes Jamie's room. Loud MUSIC POUNDS from
text: within. He pauses to knock, thinks again, then heads
text: down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Eve is in bed. Archer comes in quietly and sits beside
text: her -- studying her peaceful, sleeping face. She stirs.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I was dreaming...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Something good?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I'm not sure... you were flying
dialog: this weird old stunt plane...
dialog: doing flips... walking on the
dialog: wings... I was watching from the
dialog: ground -- when you fell. You had
dialog: a parachute, but you wouldn't open
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Did you catch me?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I don't know...
dialog: (nuzzles him)
dialog: Maybe because you've never needed
dialog: my help.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Come on, you made that up, didn't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: ... Maybe I did...
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: ... maybe I didn't...
text: They kiss affectionately. Passion building, Eve runs her
text: hands over his body -- until her fingers touch a round
text: scar on his chest. Archer freezes -- mid-caress.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It's all right, Jon.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: After all these years, I still
dialog: can't get it out of my head -- an
text: inch to the left, Matty would
dialog: still be alive.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: And you wouldn't be.
text: No response. The pain hidden in his silence chills Eve.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Things will get better now that
dialog: you're home. Everything will be
dialog: better -- now that... that man is
dialog: finally out of our lives.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Eve...
text: He starts to say the words. He wants, needs to share the
dialog: truth with her. But he can't. Instead --
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: ... If I had to do something to
dialog: find some closure... I should do
dialog: it, shouldn't I?... No matter how
dialog: crazy?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, God -- you're going on
dialog: assignment again...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: One last time. And while I'm
dialog: gone, I want you and Jamie to go
dialog: to your mother's. It's
dialog: important...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You said you'd be here! You
dialog: promised! What could be more
dialog: important than that?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I can't tell you... except only I
dialog: can do it.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You want me to tell you it's okay
dialog: to leave? Okay, go on! Go!
text: Fury erupting, Eve pushes Archer out of the bed.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Archer enters a child's room -- neat and tidy, like a
text: museum exhibit. A starfield of glow-letters twinkles
dialog: faintly.
text: He lies down on the bed and toys with his wedding band --
text: staring up at the words the stars form... "MATTHEW."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION CENTER - MACHINE ROOM - BLINKING
scene_heading: LIGHTS - NIGHT
text: The blinking LED of the bomb timer continues to count
dialog: down.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. '56 BUICK/MOUNTAIN ROAD - MOVING - DAY
text: Tito drives into the Hoag compound.
text: Archer's beside him, juggling Castor's dossier:
dialog: documents, photos, etc.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Jon, this is goddam insane. You
dialog: can't do it.
text: Archer says nothing... it's too late for debate. Tito
text: parks. The men get out and head for the lab.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: You haven't got a chance in hell
text: of fooling Pollux. Castor drinks,
text: smokes and walks around with a 24-
dialog: hour hard-on. He's nothing like
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Don't worry... If Hoag can do half
dialog: what he claims, I'll get Pollux to
dialog: talk.
text: Archer reaches for the door -- Tito stops him.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: It's not that simple, Jon...
dialog: Becoming another person --
dialog: especially him -- nobody can come
dialog: all the way back from that... not
dialog: even you.
text: Archer considers his friend's words... He toys with, then
text: removes, his wedding bang.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Keep this for me.
text: As Tito takes the ring -- a caring, but concerned look
text: passes between the two friends.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL BAY - DAY
text: Two huge video screens are dominated by the CG-images of
text: Archer and Castor. As Hoag briefs the team, the CG-
text: images glow to reflect the physical characteristic Hoag
dialog: refers to.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: Let's walk through it, Jon. Your
dialog: blood types are different, but we
dialog: can't do anything about that.
dialog: Otherwise, nature is cooperating
dialog: nicely. The height difference is
dialog: negligible -- within 1/2 an inch.
dialog: Eye color -- almost a perfect
dialog: match. Penis size, flaccid,
dialog: essentially the same --
dialog: Substantial.
text: From the observation booth above -- Miller (flanked by
text: Tito and Brodie) raises his eyebrow.
text: On the video screens, the images morph to signify the
dialog: physical augmentations.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: Hairline will be adjusted with
dialog: laser-shears... micro-plugs for
dialog: the body hair... the teeth will be
dialog: bonded to match Castor's...
text: Hoag eyes Castor's inert, tight body -- then turns to
text: Archer -- prodding his love handles like a livestock
dialog: inspector.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: How about an abdominoplasty?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Abdomino -- what?
speaker_heading: HOAG
text: A tummy tuck. On the house.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Do it.
scene_heading: TRANSFORMATION MONTAGE
text: (INTERCUT huge video screen enlargements of Archer and
dialog: Castor's body parts as necessary):
text: Globules of adipose tissue are siphoned off Archer's
text: obliques. At the same time...
text: Hoag recreates the "Great Sphinx" tattoo on Archer's
text: thigh. We PUSH IN ON his leg, then PULL BACK to
dialog: reveal...
text: Archer and Tito. The CLOSE UP on his leg becomes a FULL
text: SHOT as he walks across the rooftop -- like himself.
dialog: Tito demonstrated the proper "Castor gait": dangerously
text: casual, like a panther.
text: Hoag reproduces Castor's fingerprints... then layers them
text: over Archer's fingers.
text: Archer practices Castor's icy, killer glare. Tito hands
text: him a lit cigarette. Archer brings the cigarette to his
text: lips -- then coughs harshly. But he keeps trying.
text: Castor smiles... then smirks and laughs. PULL BACK to
text: reveal Archer studying surveillance footage of Castor on
text: a monitor-screen -- mimicking him.
text: Archer fusses with his new hair, trying to cover the thin
text: spots. Giving up, he zips up his sweatshirt -- getting
text: the zipper caught in his new chest hair.
scene_heading: EXT. HOAG INSTITUTE - GROUNDS - DAY
text: Tito tosses a pistol. Archer catches it with his right
text: hand. But to Archer's surprise, Tito frowns.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Nice catch. But you used the
dialog: wrong hand.
text: He takes the pistol away -- and slaps it in Archer's left
text: hand. Then Tito shoves him -- challengingly.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Shoot me.
dialog: (as Archer
dialog: doesn't move)
dialog: Shoot me!
text: Tito pulls the gun against his own forehead.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: You want to be Castor Troy? If
dialog: you hesitate for a breath, you're
dialog: finished! Now -- shoot me! Kill
dialog: me!
text: Archer holds the gun unsteadily. Tito is disgusted.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: You can't do it... because Castor
dialog: is tougher than you...
text: BOOM! The GUN goes off -- the slug tears past Tito's
text: head. Shocked, he touches his left ear, making sure it's
dialog: still there.
text: Then Tito looks at Archer -- and sees the determination.
scene_heading: EXT. HOAG'S FACILITY - NIGHT
dialog: Clear and calm. God's night. Someone's God anyway.
scene_heading: INT. I.C.U. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Hoag leads Archer to a full-length mirror.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: Let's see if I missed anything
dialog: before I get my hands really dirty.
text: Archer removes the robe. He's amazed to see:
text: His own head on Castor's body: a flat stomach, hairy
text: chest, tattoos, thinning hair, etc. Hoag touches
text: Archer's scar.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: You realize this has to be
dialog: removed.
dialog: (as Archer
dialog: slowly nods)
dialog: Then here we go, Commander.
dialog: Through the Looking Glass...
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL BAY - NIGHT
text: Unconscious, Archer is wheeled into the surgical bay,
text: Castor beside him. Hoag turns to the video technician.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: Make sure you get everything --
dialog: I'll need to study the tape before
dialog: the reverse surgery.
text: Hoag lowers an aerated Plexiglas mask over Archer's face.
text: Interwoven with integrated laser circuitry -- this Derma-
text: Induction-Device (D.I.D.) attaches via suction.
text: Hoag sights through the optical memory, squeezes the
text: trigger. A cobalt beam cuts around the face -- cleanly
text: slicing it. Then Hoag lifts Archer's face -- off of his
dialog: skull.
text: Brodie and Miller watch from above. Tito stumbles into
text: the nearby bathroom to throw up.
text: Hoag inspects Archer's face, then turns to his nurse.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: Vault it.
text: Hoag turns to perform the same procedure on Castor.
text: Castor's consistent EEG reading suddenly spikes
text: radically -- for a moment, it almost seems to stabilize.
text: Hoag glances over -- too late -- the spikes have
dialog: disappeared.
text: But the CAMERA CLOSES IN ON Castor's ear -- and we sense
text: that, somehow, his auditory nerves might be functioning.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: A head swathed in gauze. The bandages start to fall
dialog: away.
text: Tito, Miller and Brodie wait as Hoag removes the gauze.
text: The patient looks into a mirror.
text: Jon Archer has become Castor Troy.
text: he touches his new face. Archer stares... the cold
text: reality chilling his blood.
text: Archer buckles -- unprepared emotionally for what he's
text: done to himself. For a moment, he seems to teeter on
dialog: madness.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Jon -- are you all right?
text: Archer can't respond... he's somewhere the others can't
text: comprehend. Finally he emerges... shaken, but in
dialog: control.
text: TITO enters. Instinctively, he grabs for his holster.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Okay... I'm okay.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: But my voice... I still sound like
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: I implanted a micro-chip onto your
text: larynx.
text: Hoag SWITCHES ON an AUDIO TAPE. Archer repeats Castor's
text: words as Hoag adjusts the chip with a wavelength box.
speaker_heading: CASTOR (V.O.) ARCHER
dialog: Okay, I've got a Okay, I've got a
dialog: confession to make, but confession to make, but
dialog: you aren't gonna like you aren't gonna like
dialog: it... (etc.) it... (etc.)
text: After a few repetitions, Archer's voice matches
dialog: perfectly.
text: Archer yawns, squints and furrows his brow -- testing
text: every muscle. He stares into the mirror -- into the eyes
text: of his most hated enemy -- now his eyes. Archer slowly
dialog: turns to...
text: Castor. Motionless, swathed, dead to the world -- but
text: something about Castor's smile -- that mocking smile...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: We're down to 72 hours. Let's
dialog: call Lazarro. Castor Troy just
text: came out of his coma.
scene_heading: EXT. FBI HELIPORT - DAY
text: Armed agents take their positions around a helipad. A
text: jet-black helicopter drops from the sky like an angry
dialog: wasp.
scene_heading: EXT. HELIPAD - DAY
text: As Lazarro watches -- Tito escorts out a heavily-manacled
text: "Castor." Two armed agents leap from the chopper and
text: take charge of "Castor." He follows them pliantly,
dialog: until --
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: Watch this hard-case -- he'll bite
dialog: your nuts off if he gets the
dialog: chance!
text: Archer gets the message. He starts to resist the agents
text: and must be muscled into the chopper. He's manacled
dialog: down.
text: Eye contact between Archer and Tito -- both aware of this
text: very real point of departure. The CHOPPER DOOR SLAMS
text: SHUT. It lifts off like a twister and SCREAMS away.
scene_heading: EXT. HELIPORT - STAGING AREA - DAY
text: The watching team breaks up, wanders back to work.
speaker_heading: LOOMIS
dialog: What a week for Archer to go on a
dialog: training op. Maybe we should try
dialog: to contact him.
speaker_heading: WANDA
text: Forget it. He's knee-deep in
text: Georgia swamp by now.
text: They pass Brodie and Miller, who watch the chopper
text: disappear over the horizon. So far so good.
scene_heading: INT. CHOPPER - FLYING - DAY
text: The agent re-checks Archer's chains.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Don't forget -- I ordered a kosher
dialog: meal...
text: The agent smashes his elbow into Archer's gut. The
text: second agent presses an INJECTOR against Archer's leg.
text: PSSSST. Archer spasms against the drug -- then sags
text: unconscious.
scene_heading: INT. EREWHON PRISON - DELOUSING CUBICLE
text: Archer wakes up as a torrent of delousing spray hits him.
text: A guard holds a water cannon on the newest inmate.
text: Archer lies gasping on the steel floor, protecting his
text: face. The spray stops -- when head guard "RED" WALTON
text: enters.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: You are now an Erewhon inmate -- a
dialog: citizen of nowhere. Human rights
dialog: zealots, the Geneva convention and
dialog: the P.C. police have no authority
dialog: here. You have no right...
dialog: (slaps on latex gloves)
dialog: When I say your ass belongs to me
dialog: -- I mean it. Bend over.
text: Archer's face reflects the degradation as he bends over
text: and exposes all to the cavity-searching Guard.
text: Satisfied, Walton lets Archer dress. Another guard
text: places a pair of odd-looking steel boots before Archer.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: Step into them.
text: Archer inspects the lock-down boots. Hinged steel
text: collars hook over the shoe and encase the ankle. The
text: soles are gridded steel with magnetic inserts.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: Don't sniff 'em, you perv. Just
dialog: step into them.
text: Archer obeys. A guard squats down and locks the steel
text: collars over Archer's shoes. He tries to move -- but
dialog: can't.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: They're too tight.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: So's a noose. Now keep your mouth
dialog: shut.
text: Walton JOLTS Archer with his HIGH-VOLTAGE SHOCK-STICK.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: The prison's one big magnetic
dialog: field. The boots'll tell us where
dialog: you are -- every second of the
dialog: day.
dialog: (into comm-link)
dialog: 201 to Population.
text: Walton presses his thumb into a standard FBI scan-pad.
text: It forms a print -- positively identifying the guard.
text: The heavy blast-door automatically opens.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: I've got fifty bucks says you're
dialog: dead by dinner. Don't disappoint
dialog: me.
text: Walton prods Archer toward the door. To Archer's
text: surprise -- he can now move.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL POPULATION - DAY
text: The inmates eat. Silence descends as Archer enters --
text: intensifying the constant HUMMING of the MAGNETIC FIELD.
text: Huge Dubov does a slow burn on seeing "Castor."
text: Scanning the room for Pollux -- Archer takes a seat next
text: to a LITTLE, GOATEED MAN with a French accent.
speaker_heading: LITTLE MAN
dialog: Hey, Castor -- remember me?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Fabrice Voisine... sure, I --
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: -- I believe Jon Archer busted you
dialog: for poisoning five members of the
dialog: the Canadian parliament?
speaker_heading: VOISINE (LITTLE MAN)
dialog: Those scumbags should never have
dialog: voted against the Quebecois.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We heard you got wasted.
text: Archer sees the other inmates sizing him up.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Do I look wasted -- asshole?
text: Voisine shakes his head "no" -- then his eyes widen as...
text: WHAM. Dubov leaps onto Archer and starts pummeling him.
text: They slide across the table -- spilling everyone's lunch.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (into comm-unit)
dialog: Central. I have a disturbance in
dialog: population. Go to lock down --
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: (into comm-unit)
dialog: Hold that lock down.
text: Walton watches as Dubov throws Archer across the room.
text: Archer staggers to his feet -- and sees the encircling
text: inmates and guards looking at him -- unimpressed.
dialog: Especially his "brother" Pollux -- who watches
text: uncertainly.
text: Dubov attacks again -- but Archer is ready. He grabs
text: Dubov's fist -- just before it hits his face.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Never -- in -- the -- face.
text: Holding Dubov's fist firmly, Archer kicks Dubov
text: repeatedly in the groin. Metal boot meeting soft flesh.
text: Dubov staggers back -- hurt. Archer moves in for the
text: kill, savoring it.
text: Walton looks skyward.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: Lock 'em down.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: UP ABOVE - CENTRAL SECURITY
text: The prison's nerve center -- with video-feeds and
dialog: monitors designed to keep problems and privacy to a
dialog: minimum.
text: The two deputies react to Walton's call. Identifying
text: Archer and Dubov's signature-blips -- they throw the
dialog: appropriate switches and...
text: ZAP! The magnetic boots lock both inmates to the floor.
text: Dubov flails hopelessly -- but Archer's just out of
dialog: reach.
text: Crack! Walton punches Archer in the diaphragm.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: What? He started it!
text: Walton smashes Archer harder -- he hits the floor.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: When I get out of here --
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: You'll what?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I'm going to have you fired.
text: His statement is so ludicrous, Walton laughs. Everyone
text: does. From the inmates' reactions, Archer knows he's
dialog: been accepted.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: (to Dubov)
dialog: That's two strikes, Dubov. One
dialog: more and you know where you're
dialog: going.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Back to your 'suites' -- or no
dialog: dinner.
text: As Archer drops into the line of cons -- he spots Pollux
text: waiting for him. Girding himself for this first
dialog: encounter -- he's got a plan.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Hey, bro...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: -- Pollux?
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Of course it's Pollux, what the
dialog: fuck's wrong with you?
text: Archer stares -- feigning confusion until Walton prods
text: him forward. Pollux watches his "brother" go -- very
dialog: concerned.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S CELL - NIGHT
text: Archer lies on his cot -- staring at the ceiling.
text: Isolated, lonely, he realizes how easy it would be to go
dialog: insane here.
scene_heading: EXT. HOAG INSTITUTE - NIGHT
text: An insanely starry night. Van Gogh's night. The night
text: he cut off his ear, anyway.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL BAY - NIGHT
text: Castor's body lies inert. His life-support MACHINES
text: BLIPPING away. Until the EEG spikes. Once -- twice --
dialog: three times. Brain wave activity increases -- and
text: stabilizes.
text: Castor's fingers twitch. Then his fist clenches -- hard.
text: Castor's head is swathed in gauze. But his eyes pop
dialog: open.
text: Reflexively, Castor wrenches from the bed -- tearing out
text: the tubes and wires that tether him to life support. He
text: goes down -- in agony -- groaning.
text: He struggles to his feet -- staggering through the lab --
text: until he catches the reflection of his bandaged face in
text: the window. He quickly unwraps the gauze.
text: The discarded bandages fall at his feet... we don't see
text: what CASTOR sees -- but we hear him MOAN... then CHOKE...
text: then SCREAM -- the only moment Castor ever loses his
dialog: cool.
text: Finally composing himself -- Castor's hand grips the
text: phone and he dials.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Lars... okay, Lunt, then.
dialog: (rifling desk
dialog: documents)
dialog: Something really fucked-up
dialog: happened... I'm in trouble... so
dialog: listen very carefully...
scene_heading: EXT. HOAG INSTITUTE - NIGHT (LATER)
text: A RANGE ROVER SCREECHES up. At gunpoint, Lars and Lunt
text: manhandle Hoag into the lab.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL BAY - NIGHT
text: Lars and Lunt hustle Hoag in. The lab is on. The
text: screens run -- scrolling through the video log of
text: Archer's surgery.
text: Hoag sees his terrified assistants -- bound with duct
dialog: tape.
speaker_heading: HOAG
dialog: What's this about? What do you
dialog: want?
text: Lars shoves Hoag into a towering figure... we ZOOM IN ON
text: Hoag's glasses. And THROUGH the REFLECTION we see...
scene_heading: MAN WITHOUT FACE
text: Hoag reacts in horror at the raw muscle, cartilage and
text: bone. The man lifts a cigarette to his lips... then
dialog: exhales.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What do you think I want?
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - POPULATION - DAY
text: A huge wall-screen plays gentle nature scenes. Below --
text: the inmates engage in their exercise hour.
text: Voisine stares at the screen -- while Pollux carefully
text: watches his "brother" play basketball. Archer tosses up
text: an air-ball to the jeers of other inmates.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: You realize, of course, that
dialog: magnetic humming is designed to
dialog: drive us insane. If we all don't
dialog: get brain tumors first.
speaker_heading: VOISINE
dialog: And that same cloying Bambi tape
dialog: -- over and over...
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: It's like they're begging us to
dialog: riot. Where the fuck are we,
dialog: anyway?
dialog: (the game ends)
dialog: Gotta go...
text: Pollux trots over to Archer -- passes him his cigarette.
text: He studies Archer as he takes a drag -- and nearly gags.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: ... I'm worried about you.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Your jumpshot has no arc. You
dialog: used to swagger... now you swish.
dialog: You're gumming that butt like a
dialog: Catholic school girl.
dialog: (notices)
dialog: And why do you keep picking at
dialog: your finger?
text: Pollux has caught Archer reflexively tugging at his
text: phantom wedding ring. Archer immediately stops. He
text: takes a drag and holds it -- then exhales right in
text: Pollux's face.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I was in a coma...
text: Pollux sticks his finger under Archer's eye and pulls
text: down like a vet examining a sick dog. Archer pushes him
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: My reflexes, my senses, my
dialog: memory... everything's jumbled. I
dialog: can't even tell you why Dubov
dialog: jumped me yesterday.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: You Pollinated his wife the day he
dialog: was arrested. How could forget
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I've forgotten plenty. Look
dialog: around -- we've screwed over half
dialog: the freaks in here. What's gonna
dialog: happen to us if they think I've
dialog: lost it?
text: Pollux contemplates the other inmates -- circling, sizing
text: up the brothers like hungry sharks. Instinctively,
text: Pollux moves closer to Archer for protection.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I need you to play big brother for
dialog: once -- till I can fill in a few
dialog: blanks. Think you can handle
dialog: that?
text: Pollux nods grimly -- then Archer pulls up his sleeve,
text: exposing the pyramid tattoo.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I know I got this on my tenth
dialog: birthday. I just can't remember
dialog: why.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Man -- that was the worst day of
dialog: our lives!
text: Archer feigns a "struggle" with his memory. He lights a
text: new butt with the old -- chain-style... then "remembers."
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Oh, God -- Mom O-D'd at County
dialog: General.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
text: Retching and convulsing while
dialog: those bastards didn't even try to
dialog: save her sorry ass. You gave her
dialog: mouth to mouth -- man -- even then
dialog: you had some constitution.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Remember what you swore to me at
dialog: the funeral?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Uh -- to kill the doctors?
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: After that. You promised you'd
dialog: always take care of me.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: And I bet I kept that promise...
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Only one you've never broken.
text: Pollux curls into Archer -- in need of comfort. Archer
text: puts an affectionate arm around Pollux -- springing the
dialog: trap.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Screw the past. We've got the
dialog: future to look forward to.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We still have tomorrow.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: No shit... five million bucks...
dialog: now those Red Militia crackpots
dialog: get to keep it.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: That's not the worst part.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: What's worse than losing five
dialog: million bucks?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Being stuck in this rat-hole when
dialog: it blows. What you built was a
dialog: work of art. It belongs in the
dialog: Smithsonian.
text: Pollux beams with pride -- Archer hangs on every word.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Yeah -- well... the L.A.
dialog: Convention Center will have to
dialog: do...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Thanks, Pollux.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: 'Thanks'? I guess they really did
dialog: fuck you up.
text: Then Archer smiles -- like Jon Archer. Without knowing
text: exactly why -- a wave of ill-ease overtakes Pollux.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S CELL - DAY
text: Archer paces impatiently... as the door rolls open.
text: Walton is looking at him with cool respect.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: You have a visitor.
text: Archer smiles to himself -- pleased at Brodie's
dialog: timeliness.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY
text: Archer's boots lock down -- as the guillotine door rises.
text: But his confidence evaporates into unspeakable horror.
text: Because he finds himself staring into the blue eyes of --
text: Jon Archer. This man has Archer's face -- his real face.
speaker_heading: IMPOSTOR
dialog: What's the matter? Don't you like
dialog: the new me?
text: Archer studies the image of his former self -- trying to
text: understand. Then he recognizes the smirk on the face,
text: the mocking twinkle in the eyes and he says what he
dialog: cannot say...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: -- Castor...?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Not anymore.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: It can't be. It's impossible.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I believe the phrase Dr. Hoag used
dialog: was 'titanically remote'. Who
dialog: knows? Maybe the trauma of having
text: my face cut off pulled me out. Or
dialog: maybe God really is on my side
dialog: after all.
dialog: (starts pacing)
dialog: By the way, I know you don't get
dialog: the papers in here.
text: Continuing to circle, he displays the current LA Times:
scene_heading: "INFERNO AT HOAG INSTITUTE -- Malcolm Hoag Dead"
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Terrible tragedy.
dialog: Hoag was such a genius -- but
dialog: selfish with his artistry. I
dialog: actually had to torture his
dialog: assistants to convince him to
dialog: perform the same surgery on me.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You killed them?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Of course I killed them, you dumb
dialog: fuck. Hoag, his staff...
text: FLASH ON Hoag's body -- on the floor of the burning lab.
text: Two more burned bodies adjoin Hoag's.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Miller and Brodie --
text: FLASH ON Brodie and Miller -- dead in a mangled car
dialog: wreck.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I even paid a visit to your buddy
dialog: Tito.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: He doesn't know anything about
dialog: this!
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Come on, Jon. I think I know you
dialog: better than that. I only wish you
dialog: could have been there to see the
text: look on his face --
text: FLASH ON Tito... he smiles, then recoils in shock as
text: Castor lifts a pistol and shoots him... then he picks up
text: Archer's wedding band off the counter...
scene_heading: INT. EREWHON PRISON (PRESENT)
text: Archer stares -- thunderstruck -- at the wedding band now
text: on Castor's finger.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: -- then again, I guess you were
dialog: there.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I torched every shred of evidence
dialog: that proves who you are. So
dialog: swallow this -- you are going to
dialog: be in here for the rest of your
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Castor, don't do this --
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: No discussion, Jon -- no deals.
dialog: Now if you'll excuse me, I've got
dialog: an important government job to
dialog: abuse, and a beautiful wife to
dialog: fuck. Excuse me -- I mean 'make
dialog: love to.'
text: Archer freaks out. He screams, flails -- unable to reach
text: Castor. Castor opens the door and guards rush in --
text: clubbing Archer and shocking him senseless.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: Sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: It's quite all right. You never
dialog: know what to expect from a
dialog: psychopathic criminal...
scene_heading: INT. CELL BLOCK - DAY
text: The guards dump Archer into his cell.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: Better be nice, Castor. You could
dialog: get mighty lonely now that Pollux
text: is gone.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Pollux is -- what?
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: Archer cut him a deal for turning
dialog: state's evidence. He's been
dialog: released...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Walton, you have to listen to me
dialog: -- right now!
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: Or what? You'll have me fired?
dialog: (pushes a button)
dialog: You're confined until I say
dialog: otherwise...
text: The steel panels shut - silencing Archer's pleading
dialog: voice.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Sipping a beer, Castor cruises past the suburban bliss:
text: men on hammocks; women chatting; kids playing tag.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: (sickened)
dialog: Jesus, what a life.
text: Castor tries to catch a street address and rolls past...
speaker_heading: ARCHER'S HOUSE
text: Dressed for work, Eve watches blandly as the car goes by.
text: A moment later, it backs up and parks.
text: Hiding the beer can, Castor forces a sheepish smile --
text: and gets out. She doesn't smile back.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I suppose it was only a matter of
dialog: time before you forgot where we
dialog: lived.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Sorry -- the job's been murder
dialog: lately.
text: Castor looks her over -- she's much sexier than he
dialog: expected.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: So what happened to your
dialog: 'important' assignment?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What do you know about it?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I know exactly what you always
dialog: tell me: Absolutely nothing.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: It didn't work out the way
dialog: everyone thought it would. Where
dialog: are you off to?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I've got surgery.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Surgery -- are you okay?
text: Then he spots her medical bag. Oops.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Don't try to charm me -- I'm still
dialog: angry. There're leftovers in the
dialog: fridge.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Have fun at work.
text: Castor kisses her good-bye -- on the mouth.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What is with you?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Don't I usually kiss my wife?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No.
text: Castor reacts as she gets in the car and pulls out.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Castor steps inside, looks around.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What a dump.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - DAY
text: Castor sifts through Christmas cards from holidays past,
text: studying the ones with photos. He's memorizing --
text: matching names to faces -- Wanda's, Buzz's, Lazarro's,
dialog: etc.
text: Something else catches his eye. He finds a floral
text: notebook -- Eve's diary -- and pages through it. Then,
dialog: he reads:
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: '... "Date-night" has been a
dialog: typical failure... we haven't made
dialog: love in almost two months...'
dialog: What a loser ...
text: Castor hears a voice. Glancing across the hall, he
dialog: sees...
speaker_heading: GLIMPSES OF JAMIE
text: As she walks back and forth in her room, talking on the
text: phone -- and wearing only panties and a cropped T-shirt.
text: Castor steps closer -- enjoying the view.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
text: The plot thickens.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE'S ROOM - DAY
text: Jamie stamps out her cigarette.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: -- I got your E-mail, Karl. That
dialog: poem was really sweet --
dialog: (spots Castor
dialog: at door)
dialog: Hang on a sec...
text: She slams it -- but he gets his foot inside.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I'll call you back.
dialog: (to Castor)
dialog: You're not respecting my
dialog: boundaries.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I'm coming in, Janie.
text: Castor pushes menacingly into the room.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: 'Janie'?
text: Castor spots her correct name embroidered on a pillow.
text: He gazes seductively -- unnerving Jamie as he steps
text: toward her.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I don't think you heard me...
dialog: Jamie... You have something I
dialog: want ...
text: He reaches for her -- and right past her. He picks up a
text: pack of cigarettes from the desk.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Clarissa left those here.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: (shrugs and
dialog: lights up)
dialog: I won't tell mom if you don't.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: When did you start smoking?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You'll be seeing a lot of changes
dialog: around here --
dialog: (blows a perfect
dialog: smoke ring)
dialog: Daddy's a new man.
text: Jamie stares, astonished, as Castor goes out.
scene_heading: INT. EREWHON PRISON - ARCHER'S CELL
text: Fists bloody, voice hoarse, Archer pounds at the cell
text: door. Exhausted, he finally stops -- staring at the face
text: of his enemy in the mirrored door -- the enemy who now
dialog: has total command of his life.
scene_heading: INT. FBI - LOBBY CHECKPOINT - DAY
text: Castor dons his stern "Archer" face as the gate guard
text: checks his thumbprint ID. He's cleared and waved in.
scene_heading: INT. FBI INTERROGATION BOOTH - DAY
text: Buzz and Wanda watch Pollux through the two-way mirror.
text: He's gorging himself on a big lunch. Castor arrives.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: Listen, sir... we just want you to
dialog: know...
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: We're all really sorry about
dialog: Tito...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Yeah, well, shit happens.
text: Buzz and Wanda exchange a glance. To them, "Archer" is
text: just avoiding his feelings again.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: How's our star witness?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: He hasn't told us a damn thing
dialog: except what kind of mustard he
dialog: likes on his tongue sandwiches.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: If that bomb is out there -- we're
text: almost out of time.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO (O.S.)
dialog: Archer!
text: Lazarro stomps toward them... furious. Buzz and Wanda
text: quickly excuse themselves.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: You made a deal with Pollux Troy?
dialog: He's 'a manipulative psychopath.'
dialog: Your own words, Jon!
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Just let me do my job, Victor.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: The job I've been protecting for
dialog: the last eight years. From now
dialog: on, you go strictly by the book.
dialog: Everything gets cleared by me.
dialog: Understand?
text: Lazarro stomps off. Castor watches him go, wheels
dialog: turning.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY
text: Castor enters -- shutting down the mikes... and the
text: blinds.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You're supposed to be snitching --
dialog: making me look good.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: 'Look good'?
dialog: (drops food in
dialog: disgust)
dialog: Seeing that face -- I want to
dialog: vomit.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I'm the one who has to look at
dialog: this butt-ugly mug every time I
dialog: pass a mirror. Look at my eyes,
dialog: my chin, my perfect nose -- gone!
dialog: (considers his
dialog: reflection)
dialog: Archer took my life, so I'm taking
dialog: his. Bro, I'm going straight.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Sounds like they took your brain,
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Imagine Dillinger as J. Edgar
dialog: Hoover. Carlos the Jackal running
dialog: Interpol. Kaddafi heading the
dialog: Mossad. Think of the secrets we
dialog: could sell...
text: Pollux listens carefully -- mind clicking like an abacus.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: The drug agents we could expose.
dialog: The movie stars we could
dialog: blackmail!
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: That's just the bottom of the food
dialog: chain. Pollux -- what would
dialog: happen if somebody planted a bomb
dialog: on Air Force One?
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: ... that somebody would get rich.
dialog: And, I suppose, the nation would
dialog: be pretty pissed-off.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
text: Pissed-off, vulnerable... looking
dialog: for someone to step in, take
dialog: charge, give them hope again.
dialog: What if that someone was an F.B.I.
dialog: hero? A true Boy Scout and family
text: man -- with a spotless past.
dialog: Imagine where that guy could land
dialog: -- if the timing's right.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: It's an audacious dream, Caz. But
dialog: Jon Archer is hardly a household
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Not yet he isn't. But after you
dialog: 'confess' -- you'll be a free man.
dialog: And I'll be on my way...
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENTION CENTER - DAY
text: Police VEHICLES ROAR into position. Squads of police
text: evacuate throngs of people.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION CENTER - SUB-BASEMENT - EXTREME
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BOMB TIMER - DAY
text: TICKS down to less than two minutes.
text: Working as a unit, the BOMB SQUAD carefully remove the
text: bomb's casing. Inside, the complex guts glow evilly.
text: The men are tense, cautious -- and way out of their
dialog: league.
speaker_heading: BOMB LEADER
dialog: Jesus... Any suggestions?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Yeah... run
text: Castor pushes up his blast visor. He looks grim.
speaker_heading: BOMB LEADER
dialog: It's protected by a vibration
dialog: detector... One touch and...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Evacuate your team, Captain.
speaker_heading: BOMB LEADER
dialog: Sir, you can't disarm it --
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Just go!
text: The bomb squad hustles out. Waiting until he's alone,
text: Castor pulls a radio device from his pocket and hits its
text: switch. The bomb's glow dies instantly.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - TIMER
text: stops at 26 seconds.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Not satisfied, Castor starts it up again -- running the
dialog: timer down to four seconds. That's better.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. EREWHON PRISON - "POPULATION" - DAY
text: The inmates eat lunch. Walton enters -- prodding a
text: beaten Jon Archer ahead of him.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: A special privilege today: TV --
dialog: by order of Agent Jon Archer of
dialog: the F.B.I...
text: Jeers from the inmates as the big screen changes from the
text: nature loop to... CNN.
scene_heading: ON SCREEN - CONVENTION CENTER
text: "Sweating," Castor lumbers out, carrying the disarmed
dialog: bomb.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN (V.O.)
dialog: That was the scene at the L.A.
dialog: Convention Center, where an F.B.I.
text: agent is being hailed as a hero.
text: Agent Jon Archer disarmed a
text: powerful bomb just seconds before
dialog: it was set to explode. Let's get
dialog: the latest from Valerie Rice...
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENTION CENTER - DAY
text: Castor basks in the attention of the gathered media.
speaker_heading: REPORTER RICE
dialog: The apparent target was a group of
dialog: Supreme Court justices -- due to
dialog: speak here today.
dialog: (thrusting microphone)
dialog: Mr. Archer, do you have any idea
dialog: who planted it?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: That's classified. But if he's
dialog: listening I have a message for
dialog: him:
dialog: (directly into
dialog: camera)
dialog: Nice try. Now you know who's
dialog: really in charge.
scene_heading: INT. EREWHON PRISON - POPULATION
text: Watching the TV, Archer's enraged, frustrated. Then his
text: eyes focus... he watches closely as --
text: A guard uses his "thumbprint ID" to get through the
text: security door. Archer's eyes fall on the thumbprint scan
dialog: pad.
scene_heading: INT. FBI - BULLPEN - DAY
text: Castor gets a "thumbs up" from some co-workers, others
text: smile -- but they know better than to applaud.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Don't you guys watch TV? Where's
dialog: the parade?
text: They look at each other -- afraid. But proud rookie
text: Loomis starts clapping, so everyone else joins in rousing
dialog: applause.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: -- Loomis, Buzz, uh -- Wanda...
dialog: all of you, thanks from the bottom
dialog: of my heart. Thanks for enduring
dialog: all those years I was an
dialog: insufferable boor. From now on --
dialog: consider me reborn.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Stop the presses -- Jon Archer
dialog: found a personality...
text: Wild applause... interrupted by an excited Kim.
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Sir... the White House is calling.
text: Castor acts startled... as if at a loss. Then he struts
text: toward his office -- pausing only to give Kim a playful
text: swat on the rump. She's stunned.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Castor surveys his new domain. He settles into Archer's
text: big leather chair... sees a framed photo of Archer and
text: family. He apes Archer's dumb posed smile...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Jon, your career is finally taking
dialog: of.
dialog: (picks up phone)
dialog: Archer. Sure I'll hold...
text: Waiting, he picks up a handbook: You and the FBI: A
dialog: Primer for New Employees. Then...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Mr. President, what an honor...
text: Castor pumps a "whacking off" gesture with his hand.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHER'S HOME - DAY
text: Castor, carrying grocery bags, comes into the back yard
text: where Jamie practices free throws. He watches her miss.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: How about a game of horse?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Don't make me beat your butt
dialog: again, Dad. It's harmful to my
text: developing psyche.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Afraid you'll lose?
text: Castor crisply sinks a free-throw. Jamie glares, takes
text: the ball -- and tosses an air-ball.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: 'H.'
text: Jamie sneers at him. He buries another one.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Try putting a higher arc on the
dialog: ball... and square your shoulders
text: to the basket.
text: Begrudgingly, she listens -- and sinks a clean shot.
text: Pleased, she nods. HONK! A BMW pulls into the driveway.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Gotta go. Karl's here.
text: Jamie trots over to greet KARL (17) -- a clean-cut
text: preppie. Opening the car door dor her, Karl waves,
text: smiling at Castor. Castor studies Karl carefully, not
text: liking what he sees.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S HOME - NIGHT
text: A tired Eve opens the door. It's pitch black inside. As
text: she fumbles for the light switch...
speaker_heading: MATCH
text: flares as Castor lights a candle. The dining room table
text: is set for a candlelight dinner. He smiles warmly at her
dialog: confusion.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Don't tell me you forgot. Eve --
dialog: it's date night!
scene_heading: DINING ROOM - LATER
text: Eve looks up from her pasta. After an awkward silence.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Why do I feel like I'm on a blind
dialog: date?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: It's important to keep some
dialog: mystery... so things stay...
dialog: unpredictable.
text: Eve studies him as he pours her more wine. Her smile
text: slowly fades as she realizes what's going on.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: 'Unpredictable'? You're about as
text: unpredictable as the tide.
dialog: (detached)
dialog: How long are you going to be gone
dialog: this time?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Gone?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Isn't that what all this is about?
dialog: The wine, cooking me dinner --
dialog: your next assignment?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I'm not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You always say that -- then you
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I bet I deserved that. I bet Jon
dialog: Archer is the most inattentive,
dialog: sexless spouse on Earth.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon, that's not true --
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Of course it's true, but I'm
dialog: trying to change? I'm here
dialog: because I want to be alone with
dialog: you. I want to see the candle-
dialog: light dance in your beautiful --
text: Uh-oh. Castor can't tell the color of Eve's eyes. He
text: leans in "romantically" -- but we know the real reason.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: -- brown eyes.
text: He smells her hair, then her shoulders, her skin. She's
text: aroused, but wary. So Castor goes in for the kill.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I wanted it all to be just
dialog: right... when I told you about my
dialog: promotion.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Your what?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Well, I don't have it yet. But
dialog: Lazarro's getting old -- he won't
dialog: be around forever. And I'm
dialog: getting the itch to move up.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon... that's wonderful.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: So you see, I'm not going
dialog: anywhere. Unless it's upstairs
dialog: with you...
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Castor carries Eve into the shower and spins on the
dialog: water.
text: He rips her blouse open -- on her like a vulture to
text: carrion. As they drop to the floor of the stall -- water
text: filling up around them -- Castor licks her ear and
dialog: whispers...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: baby, it's like I'm having you for
dialog: the first time.
text: Dirty water runs down a floor drain... PULL BACK to:
scene_heading: INT. EREWHON PRISON - POPULATION - NIGHT
text: Desolate, Archer mops down the rec area.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Don't they ever let us take off
dialog: these boots?
speaker_heading: VOISINE
dialog: Not unless you're sent to the
dialog: 'Clinic.'
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You mean if I get sick?
speaker_heading: VOISINE
dialog: They don't give two fucks about
dialog: your health. The Clinic's where
dialog: they send the real hard-cases for
dialog: attitude adjustment. Dubov just
dialog: got sent down -- and look at
dialog: Wainwright --
text: Voisine gestures to a dazed inmate nearby -- WAINWRIGHT
text: -- who sits in a corner -- gnawing at his knuckles.
speaker_heading: VOISINE
dialog: Toughest bastard I ever saw --
dialog: after you, of course. Now he's a
dialog: fucking drool case.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: What did he do?
speaker_heading: VOISINE
text: He hit a guard.
text: Archer sees Walton hovering nearby. Archer heads for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: Looking for trouble, Castor?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: As a matter of fact -- yes.
text: Crack! Archer decks Walton.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - POPULATION - NIGHT
text: Walton and a guard herd Archer toward a steel door.
scene_heading: INT. "CLINIC" - NIGHT
text: Archer is dumped on the floor. He sees he's lying in a
text: puddle of something. He looks up -- and recoils.
scene_heading: ARCHER'S POV - DUBOV
text: is strapped to a vertical gurney -- post-procedure. His
text: limbs are stiff, his eyes blank as a mako shark's. But
text: his feet are bare -- bootless.
speaker_heading: MED-TECH
dialog: Where's the mop, he puked all over
dialog: the place.
text: An assistant unstraps Dubov and drops him on a gurney.
speaker_heading: MED-TECH
dialog: (mopping up)
dialog: -- next time, bring them in before
dialog: dinner...
text: Archer cases the place: Above is a catwalk... leading
dialog: out.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Walton muscles Archer into the gurney. The Med-Tech
text: smirks.
speaker_heading: MED-TECH
dialog: Oh happy day -- Castor Troy.
text: The Med-Tech wheels the ECT head-gear cart into place:
text: twin needle-like BOLTS ready to fit into ARCHER'S ears.
text: A single blue static spark jumps from the bolts.
text: Walton roughly wedges Archer's head into the head gear,
text: shoving the chewed-up bite strap into Archer's mouth.
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: Bite hard, scumbag, 'cause you'll
dialog: be gumming baby food from here on
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MED-TECH
dialog: Get his boots, Sergeant.
text: Walton unlocks Archer's first boot and pulls it off. As
text: the Med-Tech starts to fasten Archer's arm -- Walton
text: unlocks and pulls off the second boot.
text: Archer's feet are free. Crack! He yanks his foot up
text: hard -- Walton reels back, stunned.
text: One arm still restrained, Archer backrolls in the gurney
text: and kicks the head-gear cart away -- knocking it into the
text: Med-Tech who collapses onto it, hitting "Test" --
text: ZAP! The HEAD-BOLTS FIRE, catching the Med-Tech through
text: the shoulder -- he drops to the floor, his synapses shot.
text: Seeing that Archer is still restrained by the arm -- the
text: assistant darts out of the room.
text: As Archer pulls free -- Walton looms over him -- gun
text: poised.
text: Then -- wham! Dubov wallops Walton -- using his boots as
text: brass knuckles. The head guard collapses.
text: Dubov smiles dumbly at Archer -- all trace of vendetta
text: now obliterated. Archer nods gratefully -- they're on
dialog: the same team... at least for now.
text: Suddenly the ALARM BLARES.
text: Archer sees guards charging the room. He tries closing
text: the door -- but the guards arrive. Dubov lumbers over
text: and puts his massive weight into it -- and slams the door
dialog: shut.
text: O.S., guards POUND at the now-locked door.
text: Archer quickly frisks Walton -- coming up with a
text: cigarette lighter. he pockets it.
text: Scanning around -- Archer leaps onto a mounted, hinged
text: lamp. it swings against the wall. Archer uses it to
text: reach the catwalk above.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Dubov -- come on!
text: Dubov obeys and follows Archer up onto the catwalk.
text: A groggy Walton muscles open the door from inside.
text: Guards pour in. Walton grabs an AUTO-RIFLE and opens
speaker_heading: FIRE.
text: SLUGS chase Archer and Dubov as they flee through the
text: catwalk door.
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL SECURITY CONTROL
text: Two guards watch Archer and Dubov disappear off the
text: clinic's monitor. They grab their shock-sticks and rush
dialog: for the door.
text: The door opens -- revealing Dubov and Archer. Perfectly
text: in synch -- they double cold-cock the startled guards.
text: Archer grabs a shock-stick -- and fuses the door shut.
text: He yanks out wires and shatters the computers. Dubov
text: mimics the behavior -- ripping out an entire console --
text: and revealing a narrow cable duct.
text: Flames explode -- shorting the circuitry -- the DRONING
text: HUM RISES -- the magnetic power monitor shows a dangerous
dialog: surge.
speaker_heading: AROUND PRISON
text: Chaos. Guards scatter as the huge diamond-vision SCREEN
text: EXPLODES and inmates are flung like rag-dolls by their
text: short-circuiting boots. Anything metallic flies into the
text: magnetic domes.
scene_heading: SECURITY CENTRAL
text: As the men back through the cable duct -- Archer
text: struggles to replace the heavy console.
text: The DOOR is BLOWN open. Walton enters to find... no one.
text: Then his eyes light on the console -- slightly askew.
scene_heading: INT. CABLE CORRIDOR
text: Archer and Dubov rush down the tight corridor -- and
text: around the bend. The corridor ends in a...
scene_heading: STORAGE/MAINTENANCE AREA
text: Lined with tools, toilets, sinks, a rack of old lock-down
text: boots. They race through the far door...
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL TOWER ROOM
text: Archer and Dubov find themselves in a multi-level
text: labyrinth. A hundred feet high -- criss-crossed with
text: catwalks, staircases and high walls.
text: ECHOES resound -- SHOUTING, FOOTSTEPS GETTING CLOSER --
text: they seem to be coming from all around them.
text: Over the magnetic HUM -- Archer notices loose screws and
text: other metal debris stuck to the sheer wall. He pulls one
text: screw away -- and lets it fly back into the polarized
dialog: wall.
text: Archer gets an idea -- and looks back the way they came.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT:
speaker_heading: SHEER WALL
text: Archer and Dubov scale the face -- using the old metal
text: boots. They climb higher and higher as...
text: Guards criss-cross the catwalks and staircases below and
text: around them -- oblivious.
text: Archer and Dubov almost reach the next level when...
speaker_heading: WALTON
dialog: There!
text: BULLETS SMACK the wall around them -- just as Archer and
text: Dubov reach the next catwalk.
text: Archer spots the emergency exit security door at the far
text: end. But four guards descend on them -- and block their
dialog: way.
text: Fist fight as Archer and Dubov take on the attacking
text: guards. Archer heaves one down the stairs -- into more
text: guards. Dubov drops another over the catwalk.
text: They continue their desperate race for the door --
text: reaching the landing. As BULLETS PING around them --
text: hulking Dubov rips away a floor panel. He uses it as a
text: shield as Archer sparks up Walton's lighter.
text: As SLUGS EXPLODE into the shield -- Archer places the
text: flame to his thumb... and peels off the skin mold.
text: He presses his thumb to the door's keypad. To his
text: horror, its LED reads "print unreadable."
text: Walton and guards movie in, FIRING at closer and closer
dialog: range.
text: Dubov staggers under the FUSILLADE OF BULLETS. The
text: shield is repeatedly punctured -- and is quickly
text: disintegrating.
text: Archer licks his thumb, tries again. Finally it reads
text: "Clearance Confirmed"... the door slides open.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Let's go!
text: Dubov heaves the shield at the encroaching guards -- but
text: as he turns to follow... Walton BLOWS him away.
text: Archer reaches to pull Dubov through, but the riddled
text: inmate ignores the helping hand. Pulling the door shut,
text: he collapses in front of it -- blocking it momentarily.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH CATWALK TOWER
text: Archer hesitates for a moment... but that's all he has.
text: he keeps going... up the winding staircase-catwalk --
text: higher and higher -- a step ahead of the onrushing
dialog: guards.
text: As BULLETS CLANG around him -- Archer reaches the top.
text: He ignores a sign which reads...
scene_heading: EMERGENCY EXIT ONLY
scene_heading: SAFETY LINES REQUIRED
text: He charges straight up a ladder and plows right
dialog: through --
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON - DAWN
text: Archer's blinded -- it's daytime in the real world.
text: A sea gull flies across his face -- as we FOLLOW the
dialog: bird...
text: PULL WAY, WAY BACK to reveal:
text: The prison's in the middle of the goddamn ocean, in what
text: appears to be just an abandoned, rusty oil rig platform.
text: Archer rushes over to a transport chopper.
speaker_heading: INSIDE COCKPIT
text: Archer searches for the keys. No go. He throws
text: switches. Nothing works.
text: Guards pour out of the hatch -- FIRING. Archer leaps
text: from the chopper and jumps over the side to the
dialog: platform's --
speaker_heading: LOWER LEVEL
text: He lands hard on the slanted, corrugated shed roof and
text: rolls to the ground. He grabs a high-pressure hose --
text: and cranks the pressure valve -- as the pursuing guards
text: close in.
text: Archer BLASTS the guards with the WATER CANNON --
text: knocking Walton and others into the sea. Archer upends a
text: stack of oil barrels -- which roll into more guards.
dialog: Archer spots:
speaker_heading: TUGBOAT
text: pulling a Zodiac dinghy -- heading out to sea.
text: Archer jumps up a stack of pipes to the south rail --
text: where the end of a crane's hook is tagged back. Under
text: FIRE -- Archer frees the hook, which swings away from the
dialog: platform.
text: Hanging on to the hook, it swings him out over the ocean.
text: At the apex -- le lets go and plummets down into...
speaker_heading: CHOPPY SEA
text: He pulls himself into the ZODIAC and frees it from the
text: tug. It ROARS off.
scene_heading: EXT. ZODIAC - MOVING - DAY
text: The nylon craft zips through the waves -- approaching San
text: Pedro Harbor. The ENGINE SPUTTERS... low on gas.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Come on... come on...
text: Archer senses something... He looks up and...
text: Whoosh! Something swoops down -- but it's just a
dialog: pelican.
text: He FIDDLES with the ENGINE -- which finally DIES. Archer
text: grabs the oars -- about to start rowing when --
text: Another swoop! This time it's the prison chopper.
text: Archer spots a string of buoys dotting the harbor. An
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: The chopper settles over the Zodiac.
text: Wind and water swirl around Archer...
speaker_heading: CHOPPER
text: Walton, drenched but obviously rescued, has archer in his
text: sights... He starts to FIRE his MACHINE GUNS...
speaker_heading: ZODIAC
text: BULLETS RAIN down on the boat -- destroying it -- as
text: Archer dives into the rolling swells...
scene_heading: INSIDE CHOPPER
text: Walton RAKES the debris -- shredding it.
text: The chopper does a final circle of the wreckage... then
text: moves off... its ROTOR WASH THRASHING the buoy.
speaker_heading: UNDER BUOY
text: Archer has crawled up into the hollow buoy -- sucking
dialog: air.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER HOME - BEDROOM - DAY
text: Eve's asleep. Castor, dressed, looks down at her like
text: Cortez at Montezuma -- triumphant, with overwhelming
dialog: power.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: Heading for the car, Castor is about to light up when --
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Last night, I thought -- this
dialog: isn't my husband.
text: He pockets the smoke. Eve is there, dressed somberly.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Then I woke up in the middle of
dialog: the night -- and found you passed
text: out in the study.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I couldn't sleep -- you roll
text: around a lot.
dialog: (jingles car keys)
dialog: Anyway, I'm late.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon, you know what day it is. I
dialog: know it's difficult for you, but
dialog: we still have to go.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Can't we skip it just this once?
dialog: I gotta 'protect and serve', you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: 'Protect and serve' later. You're
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Okay, if you insist. But -- you
dialog: drive.
text: He climbs into the front seat beside her.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: A pastoral, hilly area near the coast.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: So who's this Karl creep Jamie's
dialog: been seeing? He's a little old
dialog: for her, isn't he?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I don't know... they're about the
dialog: same ages we were when we met.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Remember the all-night dentist?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Sure, how could I forget.
dialog: (changes subject)
dialog: By the way, you never said
dialog: anything about last night...
text: He moves closer, stroking her hair as his BEEPER sounds.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Aren't you going to get that?
text: He turns his beeper off, then touches her lips with his
text: finger. Without knowing exactly why, Eve tenses up.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon -- this is hardly the time or
dialog: place.
text: Castor looks around in surprise because he sees she's
dialog: driving into --
scene_heading: SPRAWLING MEMORIAL PARK
text: They drive through the gates -- passing a church marked
text: "ST. MARY'S-BY-THE-SEA." Nearby, the OCEAN ROARS.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. MARY'S CEMETERY - DAY
text: It's beautiful here, striking and sad. Now on foot,
text: Castor follows Eve up a bluff, through a phalanx of
text: graves -- with no idea where she's leading him.
text: Finally she stops at a crucifix-topped headstone. Castor
text: joins her and reads the etched marble stone:
dialog: Matthew Archer, Age 5
dialog: Beloved Son &amp; Brother
dialog: We Cherish You Always
text: Stunned, Castor watches as Eve kneels beside the marker.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Happy birthday, Matty.
text: She places a few child's toys on the marker... a shark...
text: a little bulldozer... a spaceship. Overwhelmed with
text: grief, she collapses into Castor.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: He took our baby, Jon. He took
dialog: our little boy.
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - CASTOR'S FACE
text: He stares at the grave of the boy he killed -- the boy
text: whose mother is weeping into his chest.
text: The ever-present smirk is long gone as Castor stiffly
text: returns Eve's embrace -- maybe, just maybe, feeling the
dialog: victim's pain.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Stop crying... stop crying...
dialog: stop ...
scene_heading: INT. FBI BULLPEN - DAY
text: Shaking off his funk, Castor arrives at the office.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: You picked a helluva day to leave
dialog: your beeper off!
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Castor's dead!
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: He's -- what?
speaker_heading: BUZZ
text: Somehow he escaped from Erewhon.
text: But a prison chopper mowed him
dialog: down just off Long Beach Harbor...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Where's the body?
speaker_heading: WANDA
text: It hasn't been recovered yet.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: 'It hasn't been recovered yet!'
dialog: You people have no idea who you're
dialog: dealing with!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want everyone on this, reports
dialog: on the half hour, and all leads
dialog: get routed through my office.
text: Buzz, alert the L.A.P.D.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: L.A.P.D.? Even if he is alive,
dialog: Castor isn't stupid enough to come
text: back to the city.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
text: He's alive -- and he's already
dialog: here. Move!
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - NIGHT
text: Something bobs up in the surf. Archer is thrashed ashore
text: by the breakers... he crawls gasping onto the sand. He
text: takes a few breaths -- then staggers up onto the beach.
scene_heading: EXT. TITO'S STREET - NIGHT
text: Archer's heart sinks as he sees the yellow police cordon
text: taped across Tito's front door. Some teenage cholos
text: notice him -- so Archer keeps right on going.
scene_heading: INT. TITO'S DUPLEX - NIGHT
text: A rear window is forced open -- Archer pulls himself in.
text: In the dim light, he sees the bullet hole on the wall...
text: then the blood stains within the forensics chalk marks.
text: He buckles and has to sit down. Taking a deep breath, he
text: picks up the phone and dials.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Dr. Archer please. It's an
dialog: emergency.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: -- Her husband.
text: Archer waits. He pinches his throat -- trying to
text: dislodge the vocal implant. His voice scrambles into
text: garbled static.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Hello, Eve -- I know this sounds
dialog: crazy, but --
dialog: (reverting back)
dialog: Dammit.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - ER - NIGHT
text: EVE deftly stitches up a gash above little IRIS's (8)
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: How did this happen, sweetie?
speaker_heading: IRIS'S DAD
text: She fell off her Big-Wheel.
text: Something about his too-quick response rankles Eve. She
text: eyes the yuppy Dad with suspicion -- then notes some
text: bruises on the child's arm. A NURSE enters.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Dr. Archer -- your husband's on
dialog: three.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Get Child Services down here --
dialog: and don't let her father leave.
dialog: (goes to wall-phone)
dialog: Jon? Hello?
text: INTERCUT Archer and Eve as necessary.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Eve, listen carefully. The man
dialog: you think is your husband --
dialog: isn't.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Please, just listen! Take Jamie
dialog: and go to your mother's in Santa
dialog: Fe. Don't tell him where you're
dialog: going -- just go.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Whoever you are -- don't call
dialog: again...
text: CLICK. Archer sags in futility. A SIREN snaps him back
dialog: to reality.
text: Archer goes to the window and carefully peers out.
text: A squad CAR ROARS INTO VIEW -- then continues on its way.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I need to speak to Director
dialog: Lazarro immediately... I have
dialog: information about Castor Troy.
text: Waiting... Archer rifles the room... finding car keys...
text: a baggy jacket... Then...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICE
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: This is Jon Archer. Who's
dialog: calling?
text: Archer pauses... hearing his own voice speaking to him.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Well, if you're Jon Archer... I
dialog: guess this must be Castor Troy...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I've gotta hand it to you, Jon.
dialog: You're doing a damn respectable
dialog: job of being me. But let's face
dialog: it, we both liked it better the
dialog: way it was. So before the cops
dialog: blow your brains out -- why not
dialog: tell me where you are...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: If you were really me, you'd
dialog: know -- no discussion, no deals.
text: Archer hangs up == leaving Castor stewing.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: The automatic door lifts -- revealing Tito's old Buick.
text: The big V-8 RUMBLES as Archer pulls out. He doesn't get
text: far as... menacing CHOLOS block his way.
speaker_heading: CHOLO # 1
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: CHOLO #2
dialog: Ten bucks he's the guy who popped
dialog: Tito!
text: The Cholos surround the Buick. Archer's cornered like an
text: animal as the angry teens pound on the windows.
text: Archer HITS the GAS -- scattering all except Cholo #1 who
text: jumps on the hood. Archer SLAMS the BRAKES -- sending
text: the guy flying. He lands hard, but is only shaken up.
text: As Archer roars off, Cholo #1 pulls out his cell phone.
speaker_heading: CHOLO #1
dialog: 9-1-1? I want to report a stolen
dialog: car and don't put me on hold!
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BUICK - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Archer drives on -- listening to KFWB.
speaker_heading: RADIO REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: ... the escapee is considered
dialog: extremely dangerous. If you have
dialog: any information concerning the
dialog: whereabouts of Castor Troy...
text: He SHUTS it OFF as he sees in the distance:
speaker_heading: HIS OWN HOME
text: FBI and LAPD vehicles are parked in front. No way he's
dialog: getting near there.
text: In his rearview mirror Archer spots a cop car
text: approaching. He quickly turns a corner as the cop slowly
text: cruises by.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: No, Jon... you have to think like
dialog: Castor. Where would he go...?
text: Archer gets an idea. But as he drives on -- the cop car
text: backs up -- and reappears INTO FRAME.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. MELROSE DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: Dietrich locks up his chic art gallery. He gets in his
text: Lexus and drives out of the parking lot.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. STREET - LEXUS - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Dietrich slows down to check out the forensics team
text: swarming all over Tito's parked Buick. Dietrich quickly
text: averts his face as he spots... "Jon Archer" inspecting
dialog: Tito's Buick.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: Jon Archer... some poor schmuck's
dialog: in big trouble.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Yeah -- me.
text: With surprising speed, Dietrich yanks a pistol from
text: someplace and jerks around --
text: Archer -- hunkered down in the back seat -- stares into
text: the barrel of Dietrich's pistol.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: Jesus Christ, Castor.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Drive. And punch up your
dialog: cellular -- I need you to make
dialog: some calls.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: You're gonna get me busted!
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You're already busted, Dietrich.
dialog: It's just a matter of time before
dialog: they pick you up.
text: Dietrich snakes the car past the crime scene and speeds
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: Man, when you came to me about
dialog: that bomb -- I knew I should have
dialog: blown you off... but that's my
dialog: fucking curse -- I just can't say
dialog: no to a friend.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You can't say no to money.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: That's my other curse.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN - LOFT - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Cars pull up in front of a gentrified loft amid the low-
dialog: rent streets.
text: Emerging from them are several thugs -- including Aldo,
text: Fitch and their sexy girl friends, LIVIA and Cindee.
scene_heading: INT. DIETRICH'S LOFT - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Archer splashes water on his face -- then stops and
text: listens as the DOORBELL RINGS. He screws up his courage.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You're Castor Troy... This is your
dialog: old crew -- you don't take shit
dialog: and you don't take no for an
dialog: answer...
scene_heading: INT. DIETRICH'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: The thugs admire the loft -- dominated by an enormous,
text: in-progress mural and stunning glass-bricked floor.
speaker_heading: ALDO
dialog: Helluva place, Dietrich. So
dialog: what's the big surprise?
text: Archer emerges. The men are stunned -- the women beam.
speaker_heading: FITCH
dialog: Are you crazy? You're going to
dialog: bring the Feds down on all of us!
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Archer doesn't want you, he wants
dialog: me! But I'm going to get him
dialog: first -- with your help.
speaker_heading: ALDO
dialog: Archer's a damn celebrity now --
dialog: he's untouchable -- and you're
dialog: radioactive.
text: He turns to leave. Archer wheels him around and smashes
text: him into the wall. Aldo goes for his gun, but Archer's
text: too quick -- he strips him of it.
text: The four bodyguards draw their weapons -- and surround
dialog: Archer.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You wanna face-off with Castor
dialog: Troy? Come on, then! Come on!
dialog: 'Cause I've had a real bad day...
text: Four against one -- and everyone's sweating but Archer.
text: One-by-one, the bodyguards back off. Archer points the
text: gun at Aldo -- then smiles and hands it back.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You're all forgetting who the real
dialog: enemy is.
dialog: (to Aldo)
dialog: Six months ago, Jon Archer hauled
dialog: you in for questioning. He
dialog: rattled you so bad -- you shit
dialog: your Armani suit right there in
text: the interrogation room.
text: Aldo blanches -- how did Castor know that? Fitch laughs.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: You laugh, Fitch -- the way Archer
dialog: laughed at your last arraignment,
dialog: when you got down on your knees
dialog: and tried to blow your way to
dialog: freedom.
text: Stunned, Fitch cringes as everybody cracks up.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: We all have a reason to hate Jon
dialog: Archer. We all want to see him
dialog: dead --
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: And nobody's untouchable if we say
dialog: he's not.
text: The thugs exchange a glance... reading each other...
dialog: considering.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: It's all worked out. Caz has
text: Archer's routine down cold.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: We start with your basic
dialog: kidnapping. Then -- a little
dialog: surgery.
speaker_heading: FITCH
dialog: Surgery?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I'm going to rearrange his face in
dialog: a way you won't believe.
speaker_heading: ALDO
dialog: You're an evil bitch, Caz. But
dialog: you've got balls of titanium.
dialog: Count us in.
text: Archer sighs with relief -- pleased with his performance.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: Come on -- let's drink to it!
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - BLUE CAPSULE
text: Dietrich cracks it open -- powder sifts into a big high-
text: ball glass filled with mescal. he hands it to Archer.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: How about one of your famous
dialog: toasts, Caz?
text: They all look expectantly at Archer... he's at a loss.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: To old jobs, new jobs and -- uh --
dialog: blow jobs?
text: Silence -- then they crack up. Reluctantly, Archer
text: swallows the tumbler of mescal... he fights back the urge
dialog: to puke.
speaker_heading: LIVIA
dialog: Enough business, Caz. Let's
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Sorry... I don't...
text: She drags him onto the glass floor. Cindee puts on some
text: MUSIC as Archer's head begins to spin. The girls start
text: "dancing," grinding Archer between their taut bodies. He
text: tries to avoid it, but Livia kisses him -- hot, moist.
speaker_heading: LIVIA
dialog: Remember the Charger's game, Caz?
dialog: The owners box? We did it four
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Sure I remember... Once a quarter,
dialog: right?
text: Archer's eyes fall on the series of abstract paintings.
text: The twisted renderings make his head spin worse... as he
text: starts to hallucinate... surrounded by enemies -- he
text: struggles to regain control of his battered psyche.
speaker_heading: LIVIA
dialog: Caz? Are you okay?
text: He pulls away and stumbles down the stairs -- toward the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: When even Castor Troy can't handle
text: a tab of Quantrex...
dialog: (raises his glass)
dialog: That, dear friends, is the first
dialog: sorry whiff of old age.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Archer has his mouth under the tap -- drinking greedily.
text: Woozy, he takes a breath... and notices a reflection in
text: the window above the sink. Archer turns to see -- Sasha.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: -- Sasha Hassler. Age 35. Met
dialog: Castor Troy in Austin, Texas, at
dialog: Pearl Jam reunion...
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: Uh, how you doing, baby?
text: She responds by slapping him -- hard.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
dialog: You're supposed to be dead...
text: He wobbles, then falls flat on his face. Out cold.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S HOME - BALCONY - NIGHT
text: Castor's chain-smoking, looking out over the city --
text: wondering where Archer might be hiding. But something
text: breaks his rumination. He sees --
speaker_heading: DOWN STREET
text: A BMW pulls up to the curb. The THUMPING MUSIC from
text: within GOES QUIET, but no one emerges.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)
text: Curious, Castor approaches the car, keeping a safe
text: distance. He can see Jamie inside, struggling with Karl.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No... Karl, please.
text: He "shushes" Jamie -- but doesn't stop pawing her.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: My father -- he's got a gun --
dialog: he'll -- he'll --
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (pulls open belt)
dialog: That wimp won't do shit.
text: SMASH! The passenger WINDOW EXPLODES inward. Castor
text: drags Karl out by his hair. Jamie scrambles out and
text: flees toward the house as...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Who are you to call Jon Archer a
dialog: wimp?
text: Castor heaves Karl into the WINDSHIELD -- SPIDER-WEBBING
text: it. Somehow the kid finds his feet and stumbles behind
text: the wheel. The Beemer lurches away.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Castor enters to find Jamie, still shaken up.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What are you -- stupid?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: That's just like you. Some guy
dialog: tries to rape me -- and you side
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Did it look like I was siding with
dialog: him? Did it?
dialog: (she falls silent)
dialog: You want to play with scummy organ
dialog: grinders, you better be prepared.
dialog: Do you have protection?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You mean like... condoms?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I mean like... protection.
text: With a fluid motion, Castor expertly SNAPS open a well-
text: oiled SWITCHBLADE and hands it to an astonished Jamie.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: For me?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Next time -- slip it in low, then
dialog: twist it -- so the wound doesn't
dialog: close.
text: She hugs him tight -- taking Castor by surprise. But he
text: responds momentarily. About to pat her rump -- something
text: makes him stop.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Go on, get out of here.
text: Jamie kisses him and heads up stairs. After she's
dialog: gone...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: No wonder he spent all his time
dialog: chasing me. Who can deal with
dialog: this family shit?
text: The PHONE RINGS. He rushes to the den and picks it up.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Jon Archer.
dialog: (immediately alert)
dialog: Where is he?
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - ACROSS STREET - NIGHT
text: Using night-vision goggles, Pollux watches Sasha close
text: her drapes. Visible in the b.g. on the sofa -- is
dialog: Archer.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: (into cell phone)
dialog: -- I thought he might visit some
dialog: old friends of yours. And bro, if
dialog: I didn't know better -- I'd swear
dialog: this guy likes being you...
scene_heading: INT. SASHA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Archer wakens. Sasha is tugging off his pants.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Uh -- can't we just talk?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Talk? The only talk I ever heard
dialog: from you was 'take it off,' 'sit
dialog: on it,' 'I'll pay you tomorrow.'
text: She pulls out some fresh clothes -- and dumps them on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Take off the rest of those rags
dialog: and get dressed. Then get out.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Not until I finish my business
dialog: with your brother.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: I told him to keep those creeps
dialog: away -- but you're just too big an
dialog: attraction.
dialog: (calming herself)
dialog: Look, if the F.B.I. finds out
dialog: you've been here -- I'll lose my
dialog: son. So please, just go.
text: For the first time, Archer sees not a hardened felon --
text: but a frightened, protective mother. And he realizes the
text: effect his own relentless obsession has had on her.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I know I've done some things that
dialog: made your life harder...
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: How would you? You walked out and
dialog: never looked back.
text: ADAM enters, heading for his toys -- his presence cooling
text: Sasha's deep-seated anger. Archer finishes dressing.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I'm not the same person you
dialog: remember. And for what it's
dialog: worth, I'm sorry...
text: Her harsh look softens imperceptively -- like that of a
text: woman trying to hate someone she still loves.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Not a bad fit.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: They should. They're yours.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Nice-looking kid, too
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Of course he is...
text: Sasha fidgets, struggling with a deep inner turmoil.
dialog: Then...
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Adam, come here... I want you to
dialog: meet your father.
text: Archer's face pales over in shock.
scene_heading: EXT. SASHA'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Their silhouettes are visible against the shades.
text: PULL BACK...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Castor, Buzz, Wanda and Loomis peer at the silhouettes.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: (into cellular)
dialog: We've got him sighted. Okay,
text: Pollux, pull out.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: What makes you so sure this guy's
dialog: gonna set up his own brother?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I've never been more certain of
dialog: anything. Get everyone in
dialog: position. Remember -- shoot to
dialog: kill.
text: Before Buzz can object, Castor's eyes say "don't argue."
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You heard the man -- let's saddle
dialog: up!
scene_heading: INT. SASHA'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Playing with his toys, Adam does not see Archer's icy
dialog: gaze.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: How old is he?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Five. No one knows you're his
dialog: father. I thought someone might
dialog: want to hurt him -- just to hurt
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Bang! Bang! Bang!
text: Startled, they turn to see Adam pointing a toy gun at
text: them. Upset, she takes it from his hands.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: You know Mommy doesn't like you
dialog: playing with these things...
text: She kicks the toy aside and lifts Adam -- offering him to
text: Archer. Awkwardly, Archer takes the boy.
text: Archer's emotions avalanche as his grip tightens -- his
text: big hands dwarfing the little boy's body.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: You're not holding him right...
dialog: Caz...
text: Archer isn't hearing Sasha. He's lost in his own
text: memory... the sound of a CAROUSEL... a KID'S LAUGHTER...
text: a GUNSHOT...
text: Then Adam smiles -- perhaps the way Matthew once smiled.
text: It pulls something up from inside Archer -- something
text: strong. He regains control, dumping the child into
text: Sasha's arms.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: He's not my son.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Yes, he is -- !
text: Then something alerts Archer -- maybe the fleeting
text: shadows that blot out the window-light for the barest
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Get down!
text: K-BOOM-BOOM-BOOM-BOOM! The WINDOW PANES SHATTER -- as
text: TEARGAS GRENADES and GUNFIRE riddles the loft.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: across the way, Castor directs the FIREPOWER.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER LEVEL
text: Chaos. A bodyguard is mowed down. Dietrich and the
text: others scatter and hit the floor.
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: Cindee and Fitch are caught in flagrante delicto on the
text: floor as the kitchen is decimated by GUNFIRE...
speaker_heading: SASHA'S BEDROOM
text: Coughing, Archer crawls through the roiling smoke toward
text: the door. He's almost out when...
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Adam!
text: Her wail of fear freezes Archer. He looks back -- and
text: sees Adam in the eye of the firestorm.
text: Archer's face betrays his conflict. A child -- but his
dialog: worst enemy's child.
text: BULLETS SHRED the WALL around Adam. Getting closer.
text: Archer moves -- he crawls toward Adam.
text: Just then -- a SWAT agent rappels in through one of the
text: shattered windows, his weapon poised. Archer kicks him
text: hard, pitching him back through the window.
text: Archer grabs Adam -- curling him into his body. Thinking
text: fast, he soaks his discarded T-shirt into a toppled
text: flower vase -- then places it over Adam's face.
text: Protecting him.
text: He rushes to Sasha. Together, they barrel through the
text: soft, paper wall and tear out an escape route.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: FIRING out the window, Fitch is riddled from outside by
text: an agent as he CRASHES through the WINDOW.
text: Cindee slashes the agent with a cleaver. He FIRES --
text: BLASTING Cindee into the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: LOWER LEVEL
text: Archer hustles Sasha and Adam toward the staircase
dialog: when --
speaker_heading: FRONT DOOR
text: explodes open. SWAT agents swarm to get in -- FIRING and
text: throwing FLASH-GRENADES.
scene_heading: ARCHER, SASHA AND ADAM
dialog: are caught out in the open, when --
speaker_heading: UPPER LEVEL
text: Dietrich, et al, open FIRE down on the attacking agents.
text: Agents drop or are driven back out.
speaker_heading: SKYLIGHT
text: BURSTS open and agents rappel down -- FIRING. Aldo's
text: bodyguard falls, riddled, off the upper level.
speaker_heading: LOWER LEVEL
text: as one agent lands, Archer knocks his gun to the floor.
text: They grapple. As the agent reaches for it -- Adam
text: appears and kicks the gun away. Just like Mommy.
speaker_heading: SASHA
text: scoops up the kicked weapon -- and cold-cocks another
text: rappelling agent. Then she FIRES, cutting a third
text: rappelling agent's rope. he drops hard to the floor --
text: unconscious.
text: Still grappling, Archer rips off the agent's gas-mask...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Buzz...
text: Buzz's eyes reveal only hatred. He reaches for his
text: knife. Archer hesitates, then heaves Buzz through the
text: glass door. He pushes Adam upstairs as more agents pour
text: in the front door.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Dietrich! The painting!
speaker_heading: UPPER LEVEL
text: Dietrich sees the canvas mural above the breached front
text: door -- and understands. He opens FIRE, cutting loose
text: the mural. It collapses, billowing -- and enshrouds the
text: attacking agents -- and buying time.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: Let's go!
text: Archer and Sasha flee up the stairs.
speaker_heading: UPPER LEVEL
text: Sasha sees Adam huddled in the middle of the glass floor
text: -- the shadows of agents moving below.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Adam!
speaker_heading: LOWER LEVEL
text: An agent aims his shotgun at the glass floor -- at the
text: "target" kneeling on top of it.
speaker_heading: UPPER LEVEL
text: Archer dives and grabs the boy as the GLASS FLOOR
text: EXPLODES up. He rolls through a shower of glass -- but
text: comes up with Adam safely.
text: Agents and thugs FIRE blindly upward and downward through
text: the floor -- desperate to hit their targets.
text: Agents open FIRE from the girders supporting the roof --
text: cutting down Fitch's last bodyguard.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: They're like cockroaches!
text: Dietrich and Livia toss SMOKE GRENADES into the loft --
text: covering their escape.
speaker_heading: TOP LEVEL
text: Dietrich leads them to the very back of the loft. He
text: pulls open a hidden door.
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: If we make it, we'll meet up at my
dialog: Malibu place. You remember it,
dialog: Caz?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Off Kanan Road -- I know it.
text: Archer hands Adam over to Sasha. She hugs her little boy
text: -- then embraces Archer tightly. Hanging on -- near
text: tears -- because she knows this may be the last time.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Thank you, Caz... thank you...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Get the boy out of here...
text: Livia and the remaining bodyguard hustle Archer out --
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA - NIGHT
text: MAC-10 poised, Livia and the bodyguard rush Archer
text: through the deserted rotunda -- BOOM! BOOM! His escorts
dialog: drop.
text: Castor rushes down the staircase -- BLASTING at Archer.
text: Unarmed, Archer instantly disappears behind one of the
text: eight columns. The columns are separated by mirrored-
dialog: panels.
text: Cat-and-mouse as Castor slips in and out between column
text: and mirror. He spots Archer dead-ahead and BLASTS away!
text: CRASH! The MIRROR SHATTERS into a thousand pieces.
speaker_heading: ARCHER (O.S.)
dialog: That's about a thousand years bad
dialog: luck...
text: Castor whirls, spots Archer again and FIRES! Another
text: MIRROR. Sensing Archer behind him -- Castor turns and
text: FIRES again -- this time BLASTING away his OWN
scene_heading: REFLECTION.
text: Then Archer leaps through a shattered mirror frame -- and
text: onto Castor. They battle for control of the pistol.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: It's too late, Jon. Your kid
dialog: loves me. And your wife's an
dialog: animal. Even I can't keep up with
dialog: her.
text: They're so close Castor's whispering right in Archer's
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Tonight I'm going to make her come
dialog: like Niagara Falls -- to celebrate
dialog: your death.
text: Castor licks Archer's ear salaciously. Enraged, Archer
text: tears the pistol from his grip and turns it on Castor.
text: He's got Castor dead to rights -- suddenly BULLETS SHRED
text: the world around him. Archer staggers away as --
text: Loomis enters -- FIRING his M-16 as Archer dives for a
text: doorway. Loomis FIRES the M-16's grenade launcher.
text: BOOM! The GRENADE EXPLODES -- the doorway bursts into
text: flames -- but Archer has made it through.
text: Loomis tries to help up Castor -- who pushes him off
text: angrily. Castor can't follow through the flames.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - NIGHT
text: Archer slams out of the interior stairwell -- but BULLETS
text: force him to take cover behind the cupola.
text: Pollux FIRES at him from the other side.
text: Archer RETURNS FIRE -- driving Pollux back. Stand-off.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Remember me? Your 'baby brother'?
text: Trying to get the drop, Pollux carefully crawls onto the
text: top of the cupola.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: You tricked me into telling you
dialog: things I never told anyone...
text: Archer hears movement above him as Pollux reaches the
dialog: crown.
speaker_heading: POLLUX
dialog: Now take it to your grave.
text: Archer FIRES his PISTOL -- into the glass cupola -- and
text: SHATTERS the GLASS beneath Pollux's feet. The cupola
text: disintegrates beneath his weight. He plunges down
dialog: into --
speaker_heading: ROTUNDA
text: Castor watches in horror as Pollux pancakes onto the
text: floor at his feet.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Pollux...
text: Pollux is almost gone. Castor looks up and sees --
speaker_heading: ARCHER
text: Peering down into the rotunda.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
speaker_heading: OPENS FIRE --
speaker_heading: ARCHER
text: Ducks the bullets as he disappears.
text: Castor desperately holds Pollux -- to no avail. Pollux
text: slips away... and dies. He turns to Loomis...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Get a medic -- now!
speaker_heading: LOOMIS
dialog: Forget him, sir. It's only Pollux
dialog: Troy...
text: Castor snaps. Without hesitation, he jerks up his GUN
text: and PUTS a BULLET right in the middle of Loomis's
dialog: forehead.
text: Castor looks at the dead kid -- his rage barely abated
text: as -- Buzz and Wanda arrive on the scene and see Loomis's
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What the fuck do you think
dialog: happened? Castor Troy just
dialog: shot him!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What are you waiting for? Go!
text: After Buzz and Wanda take off -- Castor gathers Pollux up
text: in his arms -- totally devastated.
scene_heading: INT. F.B.I - DAY
text: Dazed, Castor approaches his office. Kim proudly holds a
text: copy of Time magazine. His photo is on the cover.
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Sir -- you're on the cover of
dialog: Time. They're calling you 'An
dialog: Authentic American Hero.'
text: He just pushes by her and goes into his office.
scene_heading: INT. FBI - ARCHER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Alone -- Castor picks up the framed photo of Eve and
text: Jamie -- staring at it with unbridled hatred.
text: Fury rising, he crumples the frame -- and the photo -- in
text: his clenching grip. He hurls it into other Archer family
text: memorabilia -- shattering more photos and souvenirs.
text: Only then does Castor notice Lazarro standing in the
text: doorway. For how long -- he can't be sure.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What is it?
text: Lazarro shuts the door behind him.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: We were friends once, Jon, so I
dialog: feel I owe it to you -- to tell
dialog: you face-to-face...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I don't care how much hype you're
dialog: getting -- you're through. After
dialog: that massacre last night, I'm
dialog: ordering a full inquiry into your
dialog: recent erratic -- and deeply
dialog: suspect -- behavior.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Me -- 'erratic'? Victor, what are
dialog: you talking about?
text: Castor casually closes the blinds between the offices.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: You start meeting with Brodie and
dialog: Miller. Then they die
dialog: mysteriously. Your best friend is
dialog: murdered -- and you don't seem to
dialog: give a shit.
dialog: Suddenly you're smoking, drinking,
text: acting like a man with something
dialog: to hide...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Maybe you've been bought -- maybe
dialog: you've lost your mind. But I
dialog: promise... I'm going to find out.
text: Eye to eye... Castor knows he can't finesse this one.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Okay, Vic, I have a confession to
dialog: make. But you aren't gonna like
dialog: it...
dialog: (wraps arm
dialog: around neck)
dialog: I'm Castor Troy.
speaker_heading: LAZARRO
dialog: -- I don't understand...
text: Castor suddenly jabs his fist into Lazarro's chest. He
text: pleads for mercy as Castor pounds and pounds away at his
text: heart -- until it finally seizes up.
text: Lazarro twitches in a death throe, then slumps to the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Now you understand.
text: He punches up the intercom button.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Cancel my four o'clock.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And send for the paramedics.
text: Victor Lazarro's having a heart
dialog: attack.
text: Castor fixes himself a shot of mescal. He checks his
text: watch -- as if counting -- then kneels beside Lazarro's
dialog: body.
text: The door flies open -- and two medics rush in. They see
text: Castor vigorously pumping Lazarro's chest -- "applying"
speaker_heading: CPR.
text: The medics gently nudge Castor aside. One medic takes
text: Lazarro's pulse, then shakes his head.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK OBSERVATORY - DAY
text: Castor peers down over the city... trying to collect
text: himself. He lights up a smoke... planning his next move.
text: His meditation is broken as a police chopper circles
dialog: above.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
text: LAPD choppers circle... squad cars prowl... cops and FBI
text: agents set up roadblocks. The city is being sealed off.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN - BROADWAY - DAY
text: Skirting a roadblock, Archer appears to be coming
text: undone... wobbly, wild-eyed... he suddenly picks up a
text: trash can and carries it down the street in front of his
dialog: face.
text: Pedestrians gawk at this madman. What's he doing?
text: Archer finally stops in front of a sporting goods store.
text: He swings the trash can. SMASH! The store's WINDOW
scene_heading: SHATTERS. An ALARM BLARES.
text: Passersby stare at Archer for a moment -- stunned. Then
text: several youths leap into the window and start pulling
text: merchandise out of the store.
text: Mayhem as others join in... clerks rush out to do battle.
text: An LAPD squad car hauls up onto the curb. A cop leaps
text: out and chases as the looters scatter.
text: The driver stands at his door, radio in hand. Sensing
text: something, he turns... just as Archer grabs the canister
text: of Comply-Gas from the cop's belt.
text: Archer sprays him in the face. The cop gags and sags.
text: Archer quickly slips behind the wheel.
text: Inside: Archer hits a switch -- the car's tinted windows
text: darken automatically, obscuring him from the outside. He
text: HITS the GAS -- SCREAMING away.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Archer slows the squad car.
text: Up ahead: Parked cop cars block both lanes of the main
text: road -- a roadblock checkpoint for all traffic.
text: Archer pulls off the road, out of sight. He flips open
text: the portacomp and starts to type rapidly.
scene_heading: INT. FBI - DAY
text: A DISPATCHER'S SCANNER CLICKS to life.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: All units. I have a confirmed
dialog: code zero-zero priority alert.
text: Proceed at once to Parthenia
dialog: Street Terminal. That's Parthenia
dialog: at Nordhoff.
speaker_heading: QUICK SHOTS
speaker_heading: A) MOTOR POOL
text: Tac squads pile into armored Jeeps.
speaker_heading: B) HELIPORT
text: Choppers lift off and veer east.
speaker_heading: C) ARCHER'S HOUSE
text: The surveillance CARS ROAR away.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADBLOCK - DAY
text: Archer watches as the checkpoint of cop cars pulls apart
text: and screams east on the main road -- passing Archer.
text: Once the armada is gone, he pulls out and heads west.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHER HOME - BACK YARD - DAY
text: A plank in the fence swings aside as Archer slips into
text: the yard. He peers out from behind the garage.
text: A cop sits in a lawn chair, tuning a POLICE-BAND RADIO.
text: Archer approaches the bird feeder. Quietly, he sticks
text: his hand inside -- and searches for the key.
text: Just when he grabs it -- CAW-CAW -- an annoying BLUEBIRD
text: hovers over Archer. The cop looks over -- but Archer is
text: gone. All Lars sees is the bird.
scene_heading: INT. FBI - BULLPEN - DAY
text: Castor arrives. Wanda is shocked to see him.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Commander, what are you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Where should I be?
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where's everyone else?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Backing you up! Didn't you track
dialog: Castor to the Parthenia Street
dialog: Terminal?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: You radioed in your personal
dialog: security code. Nobody knows that
dialog: code but you.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Obviously someone else knows it!
dialog: Get everybody back to their
dialog: posts -- now!
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER HOME - SUNSET
text: Archer tiptoes through the house -- listening. He sees
text: Cop #2 sitting at the dining room table, cleaning his
text: pistol. He slips upstairs -- toward the sound of
scene_heading: RUNNING WATER.
scene_heading: MASTER BEDROOM -- CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Archer walks in and steps toward the bathroom -- passing
text: the bed. He stops. On top of the rumpled covers: Eve's
text: nightgown and a pair of Castor's black briefs.
text: Overwhelmed, he sits down -- not noticing the water has
text: stopped. Eve steps in from the bathroom.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Eve...
text: The look of horror on her face snaps him back to reality.
text: She runs, but Archer grabs her. She struggles --
text: fighting and kicking him -- but somehow he keeps her
text: mouth covered.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I'm not going to hurt you. Just
dialog: don't scream, okay?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Okay?
text: Terrified -- she finally nods and he eases off her.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I know you -- you're the one who
dialog: called. You're Castor Troy. You
dialog: killed my son --
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: -- I called, but I'm not Castor.
dialog: I'm your husband.
text: Archer holds onto her as she struggles again.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Now, you're going to listen. The
dialog: last time we saw each other -- was
dialog: in this room. We had a fight
dialog: after I told you I had to go away.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: My assignment -- Jon Archer's
dialog: assignment -- was to enter a
text: federal prison as Castor Troy.
text: Eve is startled by this intimate information but she
text: reveals nothing. SIRENS approach the house, the cops are
text: returning. She keeps an eye on the door. Playing for
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: How did he expect to do that?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: An F.B.I. surgeon gave me Castor's
dialog: face. He handled the transplant,
dialog: the vocal implant, everything.
text: But somehow Castor came out of his
dialog: coma -- and killed everyone who
dialog: knew about the mission. But not
dialog: before he was transformed into me.
text: The back DOOR CLICKS open. A voice booms out.
speaker_heading: COP (O.S.)
dialog: Dr. Archer, are you okay?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: If you need hard evidence, get it.
dialog: Your husband's blood type is O
dialog: negative. Castor's is A.B.
text: Archer glances at the balcony -- as FOOTSTEPS CLOMP up
text: the stairs. Eve is about to answer -- or scream. But
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Remember the parachute dream? I'm
dialog: falling, Eve... I'm falling...
text: The blood drains from her face as... Archer slips over
text: the balcony and disappears.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - LATER
text: Eve is at the computer -- dazed and disoriented. She
text: snaps alert on hearing the front DOOR OPEN -- Castor is
text: giving orders to the cops guarding the house.
speaker_heading: CASTOR (O.S.)
dialog: I want you guys here around-the-
dialog: clock. And stay off the lawn.
text: Eve feigns interest in her laptop as Castor enters. She
text: tenses as he starts massaging her back.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You're all in knots. Maybe
dialog: another date night will help you
dialog: relax...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Not tonight... I'm way behind in
dialog: my Continuing Ed.
text: He studies Eve, then grasps her firmly by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You think I've been acting
dialog: strange. Like a completely
dialog: different person.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: -- Yes.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Okay, I have a confession to make.
dialog: But you aren't going to like it...
text: Castor wraps his hands around her slender neck...
speaker_heading: CASTOR (cont'd)
dialog: ... I read your diary. I've been
dialog: trying to change -- trying to be
dialog: more like the man you want me to
dialog: be.
text: Eve reacts to the explanation. There is a logic to it.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: And to prove it, I'm taking you
dialog: and Jamie away on a trip -- right
text: after the memorial service.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What memorial service?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Victor Lazarro had a heart
dialog: seizure... right in my office. It
dialog: was horrible...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, my God...
text: Castor pours it on -- feigning immense grief.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: First Tito... now Victor...
dialog: (holds her tight)
dialog: ... please don't tell me I'm going
dialog: to lose you, too...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (returns the embrace)
dialog: Of course not.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Castor slumbers fitfully. Suddenly, his shoulder
text: twitches, rousing him. He looks up to find Eve reading
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What was what?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Something bit me.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Probably a mosquito -- I'll close
dialog: the window.
text: Eve rubs Castor's shoulder blade until he falls asleep.
text: She gets up, closes the window, then goes into the
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Eve takes a breath, then produces a lancet from her
text: pocket. She squeezes the lancet -- and a drop of blood
text: splashes into a glass vial -- Castor's blood.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHER HOME - NIGHT
text: As Eve gets the key in her car door -- a hand grabs her.
text: She stifles a scream -- then sees... the two COPS.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Sorry, Dr. Archer. Where are you
dialog: going at this hour?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: There's been an emergency at the
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: One of us will have to escort you.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Fine...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But please don't wake my
dialog: husband... he's exhausted.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Nothing happening here at 4 A.M. Nothing indeed. The
text: bored Cop keeps watch outside -- as Eve hustles in.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - EVE'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Eve paces anxiously as the BLOOD ANALYZER CLICKS away.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Please be O-neg. Please...
text: The MACHINE STOPS CLICKING. It reads "Male -- Type AB."
text: She buries her face in her hands -- completely stunned.
speaker_heading: ARCHER (O.S.)
dialog: Thanks for believing me.
text: Archer emerges from the darkness of her office -- but Eve
text: pulls a pistol -- aiming it with calm authority.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: What are you doing? Where did you
dialog: get that gun?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I took it from my fake husband.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Why point it at me? I'm the real
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I don't know that. Maybe Jon's
text: already dead.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: What more proof do you need?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Tell me... tell me about the all-
dialog: night dentist.
text: As Archer speaks -- Eve searches his eyes for the truth.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: ... I took a date out for chicken
dialog: and ribs -- not knowing she was a
dialog: vegetarian. When the night
dialog: couldn't get worse, she broke
text: her tooth on a pebble that got
dialog: into her three-bean salad
dialog: Somehow she and I had fun driving
text: around looking for an all-night
dialog: dentist...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And even though it must have hurt
dialog: -- you still kissed me.
text: Eve slowly puts the gun down, fighting off tears.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Christ, Jon! How could you put us
dialog: in this position? Do you know --
dialog: do you know what he did to me...?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Whatever happened, whatever he did
dialog: -- I know it's my fault and I know
dialog: I can never make it up to you --
text: She pulls herself together -- regaining her composure.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: But you're damn well going to try.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: First -- how are we going to get
dialog: you out of this?
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Castor wakes up and finds Eve gone. His eyes narrow as
text: he touches the mosquito bite -- the one that isn't there.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - EVE'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Eve sifts through the supply cabinet and finds a yellow
dialog: vial.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: This will knock him out for hours.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Good. What's his schedule
dialog: tomorrow?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: He doesn't tell me anymore than
dialog: you ever did... All I know is --
dialog: tomorrow we're going to Victor's
dialog: memorial service.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Victor... Tito... they both died
dialog: thinking I killed them... And in a
dialog: way... I did.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon -- you can't think about that
dialog: now.
text: Archer takes a breath -- and pulls himself together.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: -- What happens after the memorial?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: He's taking Jamie and me away.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: And neither of you will be coming
dialog: back. Where's the service?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Saint Mary's-By-The-Sea.
text: Archer reacts... the irony's not lost on him.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
text: Hit him with a trank dart. Once
dialog: he's unconscious -- I'll try to
dialog: get to Buzz and Wanda before the
dialog: security team gets to me.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What else can I do?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Think up a good excuse. I don't
dialog: want you or Jamie anywhere near
dialog: that service.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I can cover for Jamie. But if I'm
dialog: not there, he'll suspect
dialog: something...
dialog: (as Archer
dialog: considers)
dialog: The second you make your move, all
dialog: hell's going to break loose. If
dialog: I'm there beside him -- I can take
dialog: charge. I'm his wife, remember?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: There's no way around it -- for
dialog: once, you need me.
text: Archer looks into her eyes -- the regrets flooding over.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I've always needed you...
text: They embrace... soaking up each other's warmth.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon -- what are the odds?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Terrible. But it's the best we
dialog: can do with what we have.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: If it doesn't happen, take Jamie
dialog: and don't look back...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It'll happen.
text: FOOTSTEPS APPROACH -- they break their embrace.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Do doctors travel in packs?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Only when we're golfing.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Castor and the twins round the bend -- just in time to
text: see the door to the burn ward close.
scene_heading: INT. BURN WARD - NIGHT
text: Eve quickly wraps gauze around a patient's head -- when
text: Castor and his boys rush in, guns leveled.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon! What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: That's what you're going to
dialog: explain to me.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Didn't the police tell you? There
dialog: was an emergency.
text: Lars starts pulling at the patient's bandages.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon -- stop it! Mr. Alandro is
dialog: very ill!
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Not as ill as he's going to be...
text: He blanches as Lars reveals a scarred burn victim -- Mr.
text: Alandro. Eve is livid as she attends to the patient.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Sorry. But what's a guy to think
text: when his wife runs off in the
dialog: middle of the night?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It's my fault. I should've woken
dialog: you up before I left.
dialog: (kisses him)
dialog: Now please let me get back to
dialog: work.
text: They leave. Eve wipes his ugly taste from her mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL PARKING LOT - DAWN
text: Castor gets into his car as he confabs with the twins.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Stay here. Watch her like a hawk.
speaker_heading: LARS
dialog: Think she knows?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Who cares? She's going to be dead
dialog: by tonight anyway. They're all
dialog: going to be dead. The wife, the
dialog: kid... and the father.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD RANCH - HIGH GRASS - DAY
text: Archer waits as Sasha appears with a long case. In the
text: b.g., Adam plays on the Ranch House porch with Dietrich.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: How's the boy?
speaker_heading: SASHA
text: His ears are still ringing -- but
dialog: he'll be okay.
text: Archer opens the case. Inside is a sniper rifle.
speaker_heading: SASHA
text: The truck's all gassed up.
dialog: Look, Caz, there'll be F.B.I.
dialog: agents all over that place. Maybe
dialog: I can talk my brother into helping
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: 'Us'? No, Sasha -- believe me,
dialog: this isn't your fight.
text: He turns to leave -- but her look draws him back. He
text: kisses her -- not passionately, but nobly.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Thanks...
text: She watches him as he walks off toward the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHER'S HOME - DAY
text: Dressed in staid black, Eve joins Castor at the limo.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Where's Jamie?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: That's what I'd like to know. She
dialog: stole fifty dollars from my purse
dialog: and took off.
text: Castor's eyes narrow -- trying to read Eve.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Don't act so stunned, Jon. You
dialog: know how hard it is to get that
text: girl into a dress.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I'll deal with her later.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Good. Because I am fed up.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. MARY'S-BY-THE-SEA - DAY
text: A crucifix gleams in the sun... and anchoring the
text: crucifix is... a headstone.
dialog: Like so many others -- except this headstone is Matthew
text: Archer's. And hidden behind it is -- Jon Archer. He
text: finishes assembling the sniper rifle.
text: For a moment he acknowledges Matthew's grave... the
text: regrets giving way to determination. He looks down from
dialog: his vantage point onto --
scene_heading: EXT. SEA-SIDE - DAY
text: At the foot of the cemetery knoll. Rows of chairs...
text: white flowers... mourners. A yacht is docked at the
text: breakwater.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: ARCHER'S POV THROUGH SCOPE
text: peers down through scope -- seeing...
text: Castor and Eve as they emerge from their limo.
text: Eve glances around, searching for Archer. She comes eye-
text: to-eye with Lars -- who is watching her every move.
text: Archer TRACKS Castor and Eve as they sit in the front
text: row. The ceremony begins.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: We are here to celebrate the life
dialog: of Victor Lazarro. We all know
dialog: him as a man who dedicated himself
dialog: to defending this great nation --
dialog: first, as a highly decorated
dialog: admiral -- then, as west coast
dialog: director of the F.B.I. But not
dialog: all of you know what a deeply
dialog: spiritual man he was. It was his
dialog: wish that his Requiem Mass be
dialog: performed in Latin.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: In Nomine Patris, et Filii et
dialog: Spiritus Sancti. Amen...
text: The PRIEST begins to recite a beautiful and somber mass.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
text: fills the trank-dart with sedative.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
text: continues the solemn ritual.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Domine, de morte aeterna, in
dialog: die illa tremenda quando caeli
dialog: movendi sunt et terra...
speaker_heading: EVE
text: checks her watch... barely lifting her eyes away...
text: Castor absently pats her knee. She's forced to return
dialog: focus to the service.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
text: chambers the dart, twists a knob on the range-finder, and
text: carefully peers over the crucifix.
speaker_heading: THROUGH SCOPE
text: Archer TRACKS THROUGH the mourners -- and FINDS Castor.
text: As the cross-hairs neatly cube his head...
text: BACK TO SCENE
dialog: We've come full circle from Matthew's death: with Archer
text: the sniper and Castor the target.
text: The Priest's emotional reciting of the rites climaxes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Requiem aeternam dona eis,
dialog: Domine... Amen.
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - TRIGGER
text: Archer's finger wraps around -- he starts to squeeze...
scene_heading: POV THROUGH SCOPE - FIGURE
text: crosses behind Castor, blocking Archer's shot. Archer's
text: finger freezes -- as the figure turns -- hair tumbling
text: away from her face. It's Jamie.
speaker_heading: AT SERVICE
text: Eve stiffens as Jamie sits down.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Thanks anyway, Mom --
dialog: (slides her $50)
dialog: But I wanted to be here for you...
dialog: and Dad.
text: Castor reads the panic on Eve's face, but says nothing.
text: He simply takes Jamie's hand, intertwining his fingers in
dialog: hers.
text: The honor guard steps forward, shouldering their rifles,
text: commencing their 21-GUN SALUTE as --
speaker_heading: ARCHER
text: steadies himself, re-aims the sniper rifle.
text: He hears MOTION behind him. Someone's coming and fast...
text: but this is his only chance. Off-balance, Archer
dialog: squeezes --
text: THFFFT! The SILENCED TRANK-DART explodes from the
dialog: barrel.
speaker_heading: FOLLOW DART
text: Screaming toward Castor's neck -- but it goes just wide.
text: It sinks harmlessly into the grass -- unnoticed during
text: the 21-GUN SALUTE.
speaker_heading: ON KNOLL
text: THUMP! Archer is cracked across the head. He slumps
text: down, unconscious, as a silenced gun barrel gently enters
text: his ear. As the saluting GUNS FIRE in the b.g. -- we
dialog: don't know when, or if, this pistol fires...
scene_heading: AT SEA-SIDE SERVICE
text: The honor guard presents the urn to Mrs. Lazarro.
text: Fearful, Eve chances a glance around -- wondering what's
dialog: gone wrong.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: The admiral's family will now take
dialog: his ashes to the sea...
text: As Mrs. Lazarro and her grown children proceed to the
text: docked yacht, Castor touches his ear-phone...
text: getting a message.
text: His eyes alight on a boathouse... adjacent to the
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: (into headset)
dialog: Lars -- take Jamie, bring the car
dialog: around, then meet us at that
dialog: boathouse...
text: Guests head for their cars. Eve seizes the moment and
text: steps over to Wanda and Buzz.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Wanda -- I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: (reads her face)
dialog: Sure... what's wrong?
text: But then Eve looks past Wanda -- and sees Lars looking at
text: her -- tightening his "friendly" grip on Jamie's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Never mind --
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Come on, baby. I've got a
dialog: surprise for you.
text: Wanda and Buzz watch as they head up toward the
dialog: boathouse.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: Dim, deserted. Filled with boat parts, tools, etc.
text: Castor hustles Eve inside and locks the door behind him.
text: Lunt is there -- standing over a beaten Archer. Eve
text: gasps.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Look who we caught creeping around
dialog: -- Castor Troy.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Why is he here?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Before I turn him in, I thought
dialog: we'd pay him back for everything
dialog: he's put us through...
text: Castor starts kicking Archer. Over and over in the gut.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Come on, baby. Join the fun --
text: Eve can't stand it. She charges Castor -- but he
text: immediately subdues her.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Too bad. Part of me was hoping
dialog: you didn't know.
text: He throws her down beside Archer. She clings to him.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Did you really think it would be
dialog: that easy, you dumb fucks?
dialog: (to Eve)
dialog: Sorry, baby. Castor Troy is about
dialog: to murder you and our daughter...
dialog: but I promise you won't die
text: unavenged.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: This is between you and me. Leave
dialog: them out of this.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: It was between you and me. Even
dialog: your little boy -- that wasn't
dialog: supposed to happen. But you
dialog: couldn't let it go.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: No father could.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Appealing to my sense of 'family'
dialog: won't work, Jon. I thought you
dialog: knew me better than that
text: Archer plays for time -- looking for some edge. He sees
text: a crate filled with block-and-tackle amid the shop's
dialog: tools.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I know some things that even you
dialog: don't know, Caz. You have a son.
dialog: I've met him. His name is Adam...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I imagine I've got a dozen kids --
dialog: so what?
dialog: (cocks pistol)
dialog: No more head games... First your
dialog: wife dies. Then your daughter.
dialog: Then you.
text: Castor smiles as the DOOR CREAKS open.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Just one big happy family...
text: But it's not Jamie and Lars. Three people emerge from
text: the shadows, machine pistols poised.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Dietrich -- Aldo -- Sasha?
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: That's right, Archer. Now drop
dialog: 'em.
text: No options. Castor and Lunt drop their weapons.
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE - SIDE ENTRANCE - DAY
text: Lars and Jamie pull up in the car. Lars listens to his
dialog: headset -- knows something is wrong.
speaker_heading: LARS
dialog: Don't fucking move...
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: Sasha's at Archer's side.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Caz -- are you okay?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You're making a mistake. I'm
dialog: Castor -- he's Archer. Sasha,
dialog: baby -- just give me a minute to
dialog: explain!
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: That's pathetic, Archer. But
dialog: then, your terrible sense of humor
dialog: is legendary.
speaker_heading: ALDO
dialog: (cocks GUN)
dialog: It's pay-back time.
text: Aldo aims at Castor when BOOM! He's blown apart.
text: Lars charges in -- BLASTING.
text: Archer grabs a block-and-tackle as --
text: Lunt dives for Aldo's fallen machine-pistol. Archer
text: swings the block-and-tackle -- whacking Lunt across the
dialog: head.
text: Castor scoops up his pistol but Eve kicks him hard in the
text: balls. He doubles over.
text: Archer snatches away the MACHINE PISTOL. Staggered --
text: Lunt is quickly riddled by Dietrich.
text: Castor and Lars BLAZE at the now-scattering intruders --
text: driving them back amid the shot's tools and drums.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Find Jamie!
text: Eve crawls through the FUSILLADE toward the exit.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMORIAL SERVICE - DAY
text: Among the last to leave -- Buzz and Wanda snap alert.
text: Over the CRASHING of the WAVES -- did Wanda hear
dialog: something?
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: Eve rushes to the car -- it's empty. Jamie is gone.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jamie? Jamie!
text: BULLETS SHRED the WINDOWS behind her.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: During the GUN BATTLE -- we INTERCUT the deaths of
dialog: Dietrich, Lars and Sasha WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. SEA - LAZARRO'S ASHES
text: being scattered at sea.
text: Castor and Lars RIDDLE Sasha. She drops. Archer FIRES
text: back -- killing Lars and driving Castor back.
text: Archer leans beside the mortally-wounded Sasha.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: ... Help Adam... don't let him end
dialog: up like us...
text: She dies in his arms. Wounded, Dietrich crawls over.
text: Seeing his sister, Dietrich rises in horror...
speaker_heading: DIETRICH
dialog: Sasha -- !
text: BOOM BOOM BOOM! Castor wastes Dietrich. Archer BLASTS
text: back -- driving Castor outside. Archer pursues.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMORIAL SERVICE - DAY
text: Eve runs smack into Wanda and Buzz -- they're on the run.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: We heard gunshots --
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Wanda, I've got to tell you
dialog: something. Something crazy...
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE YARD - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
text: Archer emerges into the maze of dry-docked boats.
text: Silently checking his clip, he discards the empty gun.
text: Castor moves stealthily through the narrow paths.
text: Hearing a NOISE behind him --
text: BOOM! Castor FIRES -- blowing apart an under-repair
text: hull. He advances toward the boat, gun ready, when
text: Archer appears behind him and follows -- one step, two
dialog: steps -- until --
text: Castor stops -- then whirls as Archer leaps.
text: The men collapse hard. Castor's pistol clatters across
text: the yard toward the docked boat.
text: Archer and Castor brutally strangle each other -- digging
text: their fingers deep into their throats. They throttle
text: each other so hard, Archer's larynx vocal chip is
text: dislodged.
text: His VOICE CHANGES, ECHOING with garbled. STATIC.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Give up, Castor. People are going
dialog: to find out.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Not if I kill you first.
text: They scramble for the gun -- but a hand reaches out from
text: the docked boat and picks it up. Archer and Castor stop
dialog: dead in their tracks because --
text: Jamie appears, holding the pistol.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Give it here, Jamie.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: No, Jamie. Don't do it!
text: Everybody gawks -- because Archer and Castor are now...
text: Both speaking in Archer's true voice.
text: And nobody is more confused than Jamie.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Listen to my voice, Jamie. I'm
dialog: your father.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: It's a trick, Jamie. I'm your
dialog: father.
text: Jamie swings the gun back and forth -- baffled.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Shoot him, Jamie.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Jamie...
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Shoot him!
text: Jamie FIRES. Archer reels -- as a slug grazes his
text: shoulder. Castor snatches the PISTOL from Jamie's hand.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You dunce. No kid of mine would
dialog: miss so badly.
text: He aims the gun at Archer's head.
speaker_heading: WANDA (O.S.)
dialog: Hold it.
text: Wanda and Buzz have burst onto the terrace -- their guns
text: leveled. Eve and more agents are right behind.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Just saving the taxpayers the cost
dialog: of a trial. So take a hike.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: You're both under arrest until a
text: D.N.A. test proves who's who.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I'm ordering you to back off!
text: Several agents waver -- unsure. But not Wanda and Buzz.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Put the gun down --
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: -- Now!
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can't blame me for trying.
text: He grabs a shocked Jamie -- shoving the gun under her
dialog: chin.
text: Archer struggles to his feet as --
text: Castor -- using Jamie as a shield -- backs out the gate
text: to the garden. Archer follows -- cautiously.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Say goodbye to Daddy --
text: Jamie whips out the switchblade -- sinks it into Castor's
text: thigh and twists. She dives away. FIRING wildly, Castor
text: staggers back through the gate.
speaker_heading: CASTOR (O.S.)
dialog: You ungrateful delinquent!
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE GATE
text: As Castor turns and staggers away -- he runs smack into a
text: confused security agent.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Give me your weapon -- now!
text: The agent hands over his UZI -- and Castor PLUGS him.
speaker_heading: BOATYARD
text: Archer and Eve make sure Jamie's okay.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (to Archer)
dialog: Who are you? Will someone please
dialog: tell me what's going on?
text: Archer rushes to the gate and hauls it open.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
text: limps away from the boatyard, towards the slips -- alive
text: with sunbathers and yachters.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA DOCKS - DAY
text: Castor hustles along until he finds what he's looking
dialog: for --
text: Twin Cigarette BOATS -- racing boats -- being TUNED UP by
text: their suntanned crews. He jumps into one of the boats.
speaker_heading: BOAT CAPTAIN
dialog: Hey -- !
text: Without even looking, Castor SHOOTS the guy dead. In a
text: flash -- Castor THROTTLES up the BOAT. He sees --
speaker_heading: CASTOR'S POV
text: Archer running down the dock toward the adjoining boat.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
text: FIRES -- peppering the dock.
text: Archer knocks the boat owner to safety -- as the BAIT
text: HOUSE BLOWS UP behind him. Archer rolls into the boat --
text: FIRING.
text: Castor's hit! A slug grazes his shoulder. He grabs the
text: THROTTLE -- taking off.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
text: FIRES UP the second BOAT -- in pursuit. Castor BLASTS
text: back -- SHATTERING Archer's BOAT COMPASS.
speaker_heading: CIVILIAN BOAT
text: speeds toward him -- causing a near-miss.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Running parallel, Archer and Castor BLAST at EACH OTHER
text: at point-blank range. Their boats smash and pound each
dialog: other.
text: A police boat closes in on them.
text: Castor FIRES at the police -- obliterating both crew and
text: boat. The POLICE BOAT'S rear SMASHES into Archer's
dialog: craft.
text: Archer's BOAT plows up and through the other. EXPLOSION!
text: Momentum carries Archer across -- and back into the
dialog: water.
text: The boat lands right next to Castor's.
text: Archer and Castor resume their battering... approaching
dialog: a --
speaker_heading: TUG
text: pulling a barge.
text: Castor forces Archer into its path. At the last
dialog: moment...
text: Archer leaps onto the bow of Castor's boat as --
text: KA-BOOM! Archer's boat crashes into the BARGE which
speaker_heading: EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
text: swerves wildly -- trying to throw Archer off.
text: Archer can only watch as Castor reaches for another clip.
text: But the boat hits a wave...
text: Castor loses the gun -- which skids away. Archer slips,
text: his head hanging over the side. Castor tries to ram
text: Archer, but he pulls himself up just in time.
text: Castor grabs the anchor -- swings it. WHUNK! It sinks
text: into the deck beside Archer -- but the chain is around
text: his neck.
text: As Castor tries to strangle him -- Archer headbutts
text: Castor, who reels -- snagging his leg around the chain.
text: Castor falls back -- plunging toward the water.
text: Archer tries to hold Castor up... as the boat speeds
dialog: toward --
speaker_heading: PIER
text: Archer yanks Castor back onto the deck as the BOAT
text: BOUNCES OFF the pier pilings. But as they slug it out...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: WHAM! The BOAT careens off a piling -- and ROARS
text: straight for the shipyard. COLLIDING with a shoreline
dialog: obstruction --
text: The BOAT FLIPS, stern over bow...
text: Archer and Castor go flying... onto the beach.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Archer and Castor lie dazed... then stir. Castor sees
text: the pistol lying half-buried... he reaches for it.
dialog: But --
text: Archer gets it first. He aims it at Castor as they rise.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You won't shoot me, Jon. I'm
dialog: unarmed...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: Okay, I have a confession to
dialog: make... but you aren't gonna like
dialog: it... You're right, I won't shoot
dialog: you. Not in the face anyway.
text: BOOM -- Archer SHOOTS Castor in the chest! He jerks and
text: reels -- dropping to his knees. He looks at Archer in
text: total disbelief. Then he sinks to the ground and lies
dialog: still.
text: Exhausted, Archer lets the empty gun drop. Then he turns
text: and sees an FBI chopper heading his way. Relieved, he
text: turns back to Castor, but -- Castor's body is gone!
text: Castor is crawling toward the flipped boat's spinning
text: stabilizing screw. Archer FIRES -- hitting Castor in the
text: leg. He buckles... but keeps going.
text: Archer leaps on him -- they struggle as Castor tries to
text: bury his face on the spinning blade.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: It'll never be over, Jon... every
dialog: time you look in the mirror...
dialog: you'll see my face...
text: They struggle as the propeller blade. gets closer,
text: closer -- slicing into "Archer's" cheek. At the last
dialog: instant...
text: Archer reaches the anchor-chain. He wraps it around the
text: screw -- stopping the whirling blades.
text: Castor finally sinks to the ground -- and no longer
dialog: moves.
text: Archer takes Castor's hand -- trying to tug off his
text: wedding ring. Just when he almost has it off -- Castor
text: suddenly grabs Archer's wrist and holds it tight.
text: Eye contact between the two men. Castor smirks, his
text: grasp slackening... as he finally fades away. Archer
text: lets Castor's hand drop, then slides the ring on his own
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The chopper lands. Buzz and Wanda rush over.
speaker_heading: BUZZ
dialog: You okay, Archer?
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: What did you call me?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: He called you 'Archer' -- sir.
text: Archer finally realizes -- they actually mean him. He
text: smiles -- Jon Archer's long lost smile.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIPYARD - SUNSET
text: FBI med-teams strap Archer onto a gurney. Castor's inert
text: body is beside him.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Hang on, Jon... they're bringing
dialog: in their top surgical team from
dialog: D.C...
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: (re: Castor)
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No life signs at all. He's a
dialog: turnip.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: That's what they always say...
text: He passes out as the FBI medics load him onto the med-
text: evac chopper. Wanda prevents Eve from climbing aboard.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: I'm sorry, Eve. You can't come.
dialog: (to Buzz)
dialog: Take her home.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: But he's my husband!
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: But he works for us.
text: Wanda gets on the med-evac chopper; it lifts off, leaving
text: a furious Eve and a confused Jamie behind.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Will Dad be Dad again?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I hope so, honey.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: And you guys say my life is
dialog: screwed up...
text: In the swirl of dust, they watch the chopper fly away.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHER'S HOUSE - DAY
dialog: Maybe days, maybe weeks later -- no way to tell. Eve is
text: at the dining room table, catching up on medical reports.
text: Sensing something, she looks up and sees a silhouette at
text: the front screen door -- a man's silhouette.
speaker_heading: ARCHER (O.S.)
dialog: Hello, Eve.
text: Pulse pounding, Eve frantically pushes open the door to
text: glimpse the face of the man with Archer's voice.
text: It's Jon Archer. Eve stares -- then touches his face
text: carefully, tenderly -- around the tiny residual scar.
text: Then, she pulls him tight -- holding on for dear life.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (O.S.)
dialog: Dad?
text: Jamie is there. Archer smiles -- gently, almost sadly --
text: with a softness and genuineness that Castor Troy could
dialog: never feel, could never fake.
text: She rushes to him. The whole family hangs on, hugging
text: and kissing -- for the first time ever, really together.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I'm sorry I shot you, Dad. Am I
dialog: grounded?
text: Archer smiles and holds her tighter. But as they draw
text: Archer inside, he hesitates.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: I have something to ask you -- to
dialog: ask both of you...
text: He steps aside -- revealing Castor's son.
speaker_heading: ARCHER
dialog: This is Adam. He needs a place to
dialog: live... just for a little while.
text: Eve looks at Archer -- she sees what this means to him
dialog: and, what the hell, there's plenty of time now to talk.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHER'S HOME - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAY
text: As the family heads inside, the door closes, shutting us
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATTHEW'S OLD ROOM - NIGHT
text: Archer gives Adam an old teddy bear -- rocking the child
text: until he finally drifts off into dreamland.
scene_heading: INT. JAMIE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Archer watches Jamie sleep. He draws the comforter over
text: her -- she stirs, and pulls it in tighter.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Eve gets undressed... waiting for Archer.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: How was your first day back?
text: No reply... Eve hears WATER RUNNING. She approaches
text: Archer, who's bent over the sink, washing his face.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Jon?
text: Archer stands up -- revealing Castor's face in the
text: bathroom mirror. Eve chokes back a scream.
text: Archer turns and faces her -- with his true face. He
text: sees her terrified expression, turns back to the mirror
text: -- and sees his own face looking at him. But he
dialog: understands.
text: He embraces Eve... holds her tight. She responds, happy
text: to have him home again. We STAY ON his familiar smile
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
