speaker_heading: FAL LEN
dialog: Original Screenplay
dialog: Nicholas Kazan
dialog: Fourth Revision
dialog: May 17, 1996
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: A BODY careening toward the CAMERA.
text: Lurches to a stop, almost falls. Eyes wild, face glazed with
dialog: sweat.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.0., NARRATION)
dialog: I want to tell you about the
dialog: time I almost died.
text: Bright magnesium moonlight. Behind the body‘s silhouette:
text: shadow of a country house.
text: HOBBES plunges forward again, veering toward some bushes.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: I never thought it would happen.
dialog: Not to me.
dialog: Not at this age.
text: Falls to his knees, dives face-first into the bushes.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: Beaten...outsmarted...
text: Digs under the bushes, clawing dirt like a wild animal,
text: breaking branches, cursing under his breath.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (LIVE)
dialog: God damn, God damn, God damn!
text: Digging getting more desperate, manic: he’s searching for
dialog: something, and it’s life and death.
text: Finally he sees it.
text: Lunges, grabs. Car keys.
text: Pauses to catch his breath. Can‘t.
text: Tries to pull himself up onto all fours. Can’t.
text: Glances toward the car, makes one last effort to rise. Can’t.
text: Spins, falls onto his back. Hyperventilating. MOVE IN ON HIS
text: FACE: 40, normally handsome, now ravaged, in pain...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: The name is Hobbes. John Hobbes.
dialog: Most decorated detective on the
dialog: Chicago police force and all that
dialog: jazz.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: be
text: He grabs his chest in pain -
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: But all the medals, hard work,
dialog: ++-Mone of it is worth a damn now.
text: SLOW PAN from him...to the surrounding landscape...
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: How did I get in this fix?
dialog: How did it all begin?
text: Leaves rustle: wind. Supérsaturated moonlight gives everything
text: an eerie cast, like a photographic negative. MUSIC emphasizes
dialog: a subliminal feeling: we're seein ings which do not exist
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: No, no if I go back to the
dialog: beginning, it’1ll take forever.
dialog: Let’s start more recently.
dialog: Somewhere...
dialog: Anywhere...
dialog: (strong, decisive)
dialog: Here.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON. DAWN.
text: Hyper-clear image, like a post card. HOLD.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON. EXECUTION ROOM. DAWN.
text: Another gleaming stylized image: the chair, polished bright.
text: SLOW PAN TO: the ceiling. Hole where the cyanide pellets drop.
scene_heading: SMASH CUTS, BANG/BANG/BANG: Ceiling, floor: other holes for the
dialog: poison gas.
text: The chair, waiting.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON. CELL. DAWN.
text: EDGAR REESE (30, white, large-bodied, vacant eyes, bald head)
text: sits on his bed, legs stretched out casually, hands behind his
text: head, twiddling his thumbs at a fantastic speed.
text: A GUARD goes by. Rattlesnake strike: Reese kicks the door -
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Hey shithead, where’s Hobbes?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
text: The Guard walks on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: TWO QUARTERS
text: In a man’s hand. He‘s playing with them. Nervous habit.
dialog: Hobbes. He is:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON. INSIDE THE GATES, SIDE ENTRANCE. DAY.
text: Hobbes stands by the entrance. His boss, MAGUIRE (54, tough,
text: smart) is approaching. Behind Maguire, a limo is pulling up -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: The Governor? I thought he didn’t
dialog: approve -
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: The more they don’t approve, the
dialog: more they want to watch. So what’s
dialog: this, hotshot, six notches on your
dialog: belt?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Eight.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: (slightly ironic)
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Ask more nicely, huh?
text: A PRISON AIDE opens the side door, stares blankly at Hobbes:
speaker_heading: PRISON AIDE
dialog: He wants you.
text: Hobbes glances at Maguire, rolls his eyes -
scene_heading: INT. PRISON. CELLBLOCK. DAWN.
text: A dimly lit cellblock, streaks of light and darkness; the
text: pattern of the bars falls across Hobbes’s face as he walks...
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
text: He slows, stops in deep shadow, looks in at Reese.
text: Reese smiles, indicates Hobbes, talks to someone we Can't see:
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Well, well. The brilliant detective
dialog: who sealed my brutish fate.
dialog: {back to Hobbes)
dialog: I thought you'd be too cowardly to
dialog: show.
text: Hobbes sees, in with Reese: a GUY IN A SUIT with a camcorder.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Network?
text: As the Guard unlocks the cell to let Hobbes in:
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Some Prison schmoo. For the Governor.
dialog: The Gov hates capital punishment,
dialog: wants to make a video record of this
dialog: vile ceremonial. Says he‘’1ll show it
dialog: to legislators, but I think he’ll
dialog: use it for a circle jerk with his
dialog: dinner guests.
dialog: (strikes exaggerated pose)
dialog: My veins bulging...
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: It’s good to see you, Hobbes.
dialog: My best pal.
text: Reese lunges.
text: Grabs Hobbes’ hand, kisses it -
text: Hobbes yanks the hand back in disgust, wipes it off
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Why'd you ask for me?, I’m not a
dialog: priest.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: No?
text: Reese mutters under his breath. Nonsense syllables of some
text: kind, Fast and unintelligible: a private joke.
text: Hobbes watches, irritated.
text: Reese flies into a pantomime. Grabs the air. Gives Hobbes the
text: finger. Rubs palms together.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
text: Hobbes starts to speak. Reese stops him with a gesture and
text: slides smoothly into words again:
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: You remind me of someone, Hobbes.
dialog: Indeed you do. Indeedy deed. Do
dialog: you like riddles? (CONT. }
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: No -
speaker_heading: REESE (CONT. )
dialog: Here’s a "beaut": Why is there a
dialog: space between Lyons and Spakowsky?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Don't you? Open your eyes, pal.
dialog: Look around sometime.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Go to hell, Reese. The Express
dialog: Train,
text: Reese flashes Hobbes a nasty smile, but Hobbes has already
text: turned back toward the door, toward the Guard.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (suddenly strong, commanding)
dialog: Before you leave, remember this.
dialog: (Hobbes turns back)
dialog: In a day, a week, month. Remember:
dialog: (Speaks in a foreign tongue) ,
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: German?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: Dutch.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Meaning?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What goes around...really goes
dialog: around.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
scene_heading: INT. PRISON. VIP VIEWING ROOM. DAY.
text: VIPs are assembled, silent, nervous. How to behave at an
text: execution? The room is rectangular, with a one-way mirror as
text: the long wall: looks into the execution room.
dialog: 
text: Clock reads: 7:57.
text: The Prison Aide with the Camcorder is at one end of the room:
dialog: best vantage point.
text: The WARDEN and the GOVERNOR are exchanging whispers.
text: Hobbes stands with Maguire. Hobbes fiddies with his quarters.
text: Everyone's head turns:
text: Reese is being led into the execution room by TWO GUARDS.
text: Hypervigilant. Casing the room, the chair, one-way mirror.
text: He spreads his arms wide, facing the mirror; we hear perfectly:
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Howdy, ladies. Gents.
dialog: Cocksuckers and pederasts...
text: He slows his entrance, blowing kisses toward the mirror...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Hope you like the show...
dialog: (another kiss)
dialog: Hello Gov, my love.
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: (irritated, to WARDEN)
text: He’s certainly enjoying himself.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Since he’s been in, he’s started
text: a fire, a riot, and founded a KKK
dialog: unit. We're very pleased to see
dialog: him graduate.
text: The Guards strap Reese into the chair, securing his hands and
text: feet. Another Guard, a REDHEAD, is watching...
text: When the first two Guards retreat, the Redhead steps forward,
dialog: checks everything.
text: As the Redhead leaves, his hand trails casually up Reese's
dialog: arm...
text: Reese is smiling. His lips seem to be moving...
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 7
text: The Redhead enters a cubicle at the end of the room, glances up
text: at the clock: 7:59. He sits behind a small monitor, and we
dialog: realize: this is the executioner.
dialog: 
text: A sound is coming from Reese -
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: What’s he doing?
scene_heading: ANOTHER PRISON AIDE
dialog: He’s... I believe he’s singing, sir.
text: Reese increases his volume; the old Rolling Stones song:
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: "Time...is on my side...
dialog: Yes, it is.
dialog: Time...is on my side...
dialog: You know it is... (etc.)
text: His singing becoming more raucous, inappropriate...
text: The VIPs getting more uncomfortable. Not the solemn spectacle
dialog: they'd anticipated.
text: Sweep second hand on the clock getting closer to the 12, closer
dialog: to 8:00 a.m.
text: Reese sings loud and wild; a maniac with good pipes:
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: “I’11 come runnin’ back...
dialog: I'll come runnin’ back...
text: The Redhead is staring at the Warden, waiting for the okay...
text: The Governor, enraged by the singing, elbows the Warden: do it.
text: The Warden nods: Yes, yes, but not until... He waits, waits...
text: The second hand hits the 12 -
text: Warden nods.
text: The Redhead throws the switch -
text: Pellets clatter down -
text: A cloud of cyanide gas billows -
text: Reese holds his breath, bulging cheeks, as the gas rises,
text: sensuous and deadly, around him.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
text: Turns toward his audience. Last grin.
dialog: Gives ‘em the finger -
text: Violently sucks in the poison.
text: His body shakes -
text: Faces of the Observers. Repelled, excited, transfixed...
text: After a long moment, their expressions change. Shocked
text: aftermath. It's over so fast.
text: Reese’s body. Slumped. The CAMERA MOVES across it as if to
text: say, subtly: something is still happening. We come to rest on:
text: HIS LEFT HAND. A final muscular twitch, just the pinkie...
text: OVERHEAD SHOT, TIGHT ON REESE, collapsed in his chair. In an
text: odd effect, SOUND becomes distant, muted.
text: The CAMERA RISES TO THE CEILING AND MOVES.... Over to the
text: Warden, chatting with the Governor. It hovers over him, then
text: MOVES AGAIN, over the Governor himself, lingers...
text: ...and slides away, out of the room...
text: ...into the next room, the Executioner‘’s cubicle.
text: The CAMERA ARCS DOWN onto the Redhead's face. SOUND eases back
text: to normal. The Redhead‘s jotting a few notes. For the first
text: time we get a good look at him: 28, boyish, efficient.
text: The Warden sticks his head in the door:
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: You okay, Jimmy?
speaker_heading: JIMMY (REDHEAD)
dialog: {hint of admiration)
dialog: Never saw one sing before.
dialog: For the Governor's sake, the Warden acts like a good guy:
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Take the rest of the day off, huh?
text: The Warden closes the door and Jimmy smiles to himself. Stares
dialog: at the door. Hold this 1/2 second too long -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON. MORNING.
text: Maguire and Hobbes walking to their cars.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: I don’t know why you even come,
dialog: Hobbes. I gotta hold hands with the
dialog: Suits, but - (you could)
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: The scum we see day to day?, they
dialog: never accept consequences. Beat
dialog: somebody up, rob somebody, kill
dialog: somebody; somehow or other it
dialog: ain’t their fault.
dialog: This is the consequence of what
dialog: I do; I gotta be here.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: (dry, friendly)
dialog: This ain’t your fault.
text: Hobbes smiles, appreciating it, gives Maguire a friendly cuff
text: with the back of his hand. As Hobbes gets into his’ car:
text: THE CAMERA PANS. Driving slowly toward them in an old
text: convertible is Jimmy, the Redheaded Executioner. As he passes,
text: he gives them a casual glance. Contrary to what we expect:
text: The CAMERA MOVES AWAY, with him, as he sings to himself:
scene_heading: JIMMY THE EXECUTIONER
dialog: Not for just an hour...
dialog: Not for just a day...
dialog: Not for just a year, but always,
dialog: all the time...
text: Just a beautiful summer morning and a happy guy who got off
dialog: work early.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN MALL. DAY.
text: Gorgeous day. Jimmy drives into the parking lot, parks in the
dialog: handicapped spot.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN MALL. DAY.
text: The mall's just opening; a smattering of people.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 10
text: From an OVERHEAD ANGLE we watch Jimmy stroll along, whistling.
text: MUSIC tells us, subtly: something odd is happening.
text: Jimmy stops, buys a bagel and walks on, eating it.
text: As he walks, his hand brushes casually against a BUSINESSWOMAN
dialog: coming the other way.
text: The CAMERA EXECUTES A 20 DEGREE REVERSE TURN, FOLLOWS the
text: Businesswoman. Crisp efficient walk. After a few steps:
text: She touches a SMALL BOY, holding his MOTHER’s hand.
text: We FOLLOW the Mother and Boy. They wander slowly, looking in
text: store windows, chatting... The Mother's shoulder bumps against
text: a thin ANOREXIC MAN with a scruffy beard.
text: The Mother and Boy move on. We HOLD on the Anorexic Man as he
text: stops, looks around...stands up a little straighter...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Facing the Anorexic Man. Thin smile. He checks his watch.
text: Walks into a PET STORE. The MIDDLE-AGED OWNER is opening up.
scene_heading: MIDDLE-AGED OWNER
dialog: You're late, Charles.
scene_heading: CHARLES THE ANOREXIC
dialog: Fuck your booty with a garden hose.
scene_heading: MIDDLE-AGED OWNER
dialog: {completely stunned)
dialog: What did you - (say?)
scene_heading: CHARLES THE ANOREXIC
dialog: You're an imbecile, you reek like a
dialog: rhesus, and your wife is boffing that
text: moron who runs the cookie shop.
scene_heading: MIDDLE-AGED OWNER
dialog: Charles, I hate to do this, but
scene_heading: CHARLES THE ANOREXIC
dialog: Put the job where the hose goes.
text: He walks out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: i
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO BAR. NIGHT.
text: Lively scene, ethnic neighborhood. In the back is a table of
text: off-duty cops: Hobbes, LOU (half-Jewish, half-Italian, 40, a
text: jaded extrovert), TIFFANY (black, 28, totally one of the guys),
text: LAWRENCE (35, bland), and JONESY (55, Hobbes’ partner: the
text: ultimate cop, a worker, a bear in polyester).
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (What I don’t get is)...this
dialog: cockamamie three strikes thing.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: If it was me, I'd make it Lucky
text: Strikes.
dialog: (puffing her cigarette)
dialog: Arrest ‘em, give ‘em a cigarette,
dialog: ‘n’ shoot ‘em,
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Not a bad idea. Just...
dialog: (waving away a cloud)
dialog: ...blow your smoke the other way,
dialog: huh Tiff?
text: A WAITRESS has come to their table -
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: {slight flirt, to Waitress)
dialog: Hey, Gracie.
dialog: (to others)
dialog: So whatta we got here? Three
dialog: Heinekens...
dialog: (turns to Jonesy)
speaker_heading: JONESY
text: Becks dark.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (to Hobbes)
dialog: Hotshot?
text: Hobbes and Jonesy are the only non-regulars. Jonesy usually
text: works late; Hobbes is here celebrating Reese's execution.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: A Bud.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: A Bud?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: What, you can’t afford imported?
dialog: I‘ll treat.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I can afford -
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: At least get a Bud Ice, huh?
dialog: (as Hobbes shakes
dialog: his head)
dialog: Bud Lite? Bud Extra Dry?
text: Lou is baiting Hobbes, but Hobbes won’t bite, won’t descend to
text: that level. He just gives a straightforward answer:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: It’s just a Bud, Lou, okay?
text: She leaves, irritated with Lou for wasting her time. Lou, who
text: has fantasies of side action with Gracie, is unhappy to incur
text: her disfavor and becomes further annoyed at Hobbes.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You're an unusual cop, Hobbes.
text: Hobbes shrugs as Tiffany pipes in, not at all where Lou was
dialog: going:
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Yeah, for one thing, he takes
dialog: crime personally.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: That‘s right. No one kills anybody
dialog: on my watch.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Oh man.
dialog: Lou
dialog: What're you talking? The city is
dialog: your watch. People kill each other
dialog: on the hour.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: That‘’s what I mean. I gotta do
dialog: something about it.
text: Half a joke on himself...but also half serious.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. MINUTES LATER.
text: Gracie finishes serving their beers. Lou is still staring at
dialog: Hobbes, considering whether to raise a certain subject...
dialog: Lou
dialog: Let me ask you something, Hobbes.
dialog: (after Gracie leaves)
dialog: I've only been (in) your precinct
dialog: ten weeks, but they say you never
dialog: take cream, is that true?
dialog: Hobbes shrugs -
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Come on, you can tell me: true or
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I don't like cream.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: So that means no?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: "No" as in "No, never"? or “No" as”
dialog: in "Rarely," or "No" as in you do it
dialog: but you don’t talk about it?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Hobbesy. This is Chicago. We got a
dialog: tradition to uphold...
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: What's a matter, your ears don’t
dialog: work? The man says something, he
dialog: says it.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (calmly, to Lou)
dialog: I have a bed, roof, car. When I'm
dialog: hungry, I eat. I meet a nice girl,
dialog: I can afford to take her out.
dialog: What else do I need?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: A life.
dialog: Lou
dialog: So. Hypothetical. Other cops,
dialog: who have families -
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Hobbes has a family. Sort of -
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (pushing on)
dialog: Other cops, who do feel the need
dialog: once in a while, (to) skim a little
dialog: something on the side -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I don't judge.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I see.
dialog: You don’t. judge.
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: He‘s a fucking saint.
dialog: (aside, to Tiffany)
dialog: You got any thorns?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I left ‘em home.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I don’t let anybody else judge
dialog: either, not around me, ‘cause you
dialog: take any cop on the force, bad or
dialog: good, cream or no, 99% of the time
dialog: he’s still doing his job, right?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Ninety-nine five.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah, point 5S. So he -
dialog: {to Tiffany, equal time)
dialog: or she - is still doing more good
dialog: every single day than any lawyer,
dialog: stockbroker, insurance salesman, or
dialog: US President does in a lifetime.
text: Lou stares at Hobbes. He really didn’t expect this last
dialog: opinion. Let alone:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Cops are the chosen people.
dialog: It's hard to tell which way Lou's gonna go on this. Finally:
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I’m switching to Bud.
text: Meaning: Hobbes is okay. Lou grabs the passing Waitress:
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Hey, Gracie, bring me a Bud, huh?
dialog: (to others)
dialog: Anybody else want to go American?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT. HIS BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes sleeps.
text: Phone rings.
text: He blinks, shakes his head, answers it:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: ‘Lo?
text: Silence on the other end.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: (mutters to himself
dialog: Oh fuck.
dialog: Hello?
text: Still no response.
text: He hangs up, takes the receiver off the hook and sets it down
text: next to his beeper. Then he unplugs the receiver cord so that
text: the line’ll be busy but no annoying sound will emit.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 16
text: He takes a drink of water, shakes his head: he’s awake now.
text: He climbs out of bed in his t-shirt and boxers.
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT. HALL. NIGHT.
text: He walks down the hall. The door into the next bedroom is
text: open, and a small Nightlite shines.
text: Hobbes pushes the door farther open, looks in:
text: Two beds, a single and a double. The single has been slept
text: in but is empty. In the double are Hobbes’ brother ART, and
text: Art’s son SAM, 8, curled up together.
dialog: Sweetest thing you ever saw.
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT. KITCHEN. DAY.
text: Sam is devouring his cereal. Hobbes sits with, drinking
text: coffee. Art’s at the counter, proudly packing Sam’s lunch:
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Here we go: milk, pretzels, apple,
dialog: peanut butter and jelly sandwich -
text: Simultaneous with this last phrase, Sam says under his breath:
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
dialog: (still quietly)
dialog: Uncle John, will you please make
dialog: my lunch tomorrow?
dialog: (as Hobbes nods)
dialog: I can’t eat the same thing every -
text: A bicycle horn honks repeatedly. Hobbes looks out the window,
text: sees: TOBY, 9, on his bike. .
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: There’s Toby!
text: And with Art‘s childish enthusiasm, we suddenly get it: Art’s a
dialog: little retarded.
text: Sam leaps up from the table, grabs a small bookbag and the sack
text: lunch, gives his father a big hug, the irritation of a moment
dialog: ago totally forgotten:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I love you, Dad.
text: Sam heads toward his bike, standing by the front door -
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Wait, wait, don't forget -
text: Sam tears back toward Hobbes, leaps -
text: Hobbes catches him in the air. Sam gives him a tight bear hug,
dialog: and we sense: Hobbes as second parent.
text: Sam jumps down, sprints to his bike and wheels it out the doar,
text: which Art holds open. Art calls after him, part of the ritual:
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Have a good day at school!
text: Art closes the door, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What a kid. Come here, Art.
dialog: (pats chair)
dialog: Have breakfast with me.
speaker_heading: “ART
dialog: You're not in a hurry or something?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Reese is dead, (so) I can relax,
dialog: go in late for once.
text: Art is pleased: he rarely has time alone with Hobbes. Art
text: comes to the table, readies his breakfast, speaks shyly:
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: I love you, Johnny. .
text: Hobbes smiles wistfully. It’s almost painful that his brother
dialog: can hit this simple emotional level so naturally, gracefully.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: You ever think it would be easier...
dialog: your life would be so much easier or
dialog: something if Sam and I -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Stop.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Maybe Marcy wouldn’t have - (left)
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Art. Marcy was a jerk for leaving
dialog: me. You’re my brother.
dialog: Sit down, huh?
text: Art sits, dutifully.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I love you too.
text: Art smiles, brighter than any sunrise.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: TIGHT ON A CORNFLAKES BOX. Was cornflakes on the table before?
text: As THE CAMERA PULLS BACK we see we are now:
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER APARTMENT. MORNING.
text: Charles the Anorexic sits eating a bowl of cornflakes. Erect
text: posture, slightly formal manner.
text: Before he was casually dressed, now he’s in a suit.
text: Incongruous with his present appearance, the apartment around
text: him is in disarray: books strewn, furniture knocked over: as if
text: it was recently the scene of an enormous struggle.
text: On the wall beside Charles, out of focus, something is scrawled
dialog: in magic marker.
text: Charles sets his spoon in the bowl.
text: He looks down. There are four - and only four - objects on the
text: table: cornflakes, milk carton, sugar bowl, and, in the center,
text: the bowl of half-eaten cereal.
text: He adjusts the angle of the cornflakes box, moves the milk
text: carton slightly.
text: The four objects now form an odd and distinctive configuration,
dialog: like Stonehenge.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM. DAY.
text: Charles is carefully applying Crest to his toothbrush. Starts
text: to brush. THE CAMERA BEGINS TO MOVE...
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 19
text: His technique is just like the dentist teaches: small circles
text: along the gum line. The toothpaste foams.
text: His face is blank. He‘s certainly doing a very thorough job on
text: those teeth. Behind him we see the window, the bathtub...and
text: something sticking out of the tub -
speaker_heading: A MAN’S FOOT -
text: SHOCK MOVE: THE CAMERA SWOOPS DOWN to the BODY. Eyes open,
text: terrified; mouth twisted. HOLD on the horror...then back to:
text: Charles carefully rinses his toothbrush and leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT. DAY.
text: Charles exits the bathroom, walks to the door, opens it.
text: Turns to examine the apartment.
dialog: Everything just as he wants it.
speaker_heading: CUT: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRECINCT. DAY.
text: From a distance, we watch Hobbes park his car.
dialog: Get out.
text: Walk into the precinct.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE.
text: Charles The Anorexic stands near a phone booth, watching
text: Hobbes, twirling a fat cigar like a self-satisfied mafioso.
text: Takes a little puff.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. DAY.
text: Hobbes doing paperwork. (HOBBES’ DESK is very clean. Only a
text: few objects: carefully, almost geometrically, placed.)
text: Jonesy’s messy desk is on one side of Hobbes, he’s also
text: working. On the other side, Tiffany is listening to a
text: SECRETARY-TYPE (33, spectacular nails, big hair).
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: SECRETARY TYPE
dialog: He threatens me?, fine. He hits
dialog: me?, I can deal. But how can you
dialog: tell, Officer? If one day, no
dialog: warning, he’s gonna really do it?
text: Hobbes looks at the woman, pondering this question, as his
text: phone rings. Quick draw:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: John Hobbes.
speaker_heading: CHARLES’ VOICE
dialog: Hey, pal, got a pen?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Who's this?
speaker_heading: CHARLES’ VOICE
dialog: 17197 South Kedzie, Apartment 12C.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: {jotting it down, bored)
dialog: What’s there?
speaker_heading: CHARLES’ VOICE
text: A clue, Magoo.
text: The line goes dead. Hobbes hangs up the phone, considers...
dialog: Turns to Jonesy:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Couldn’t sleep last night.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Who can?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Remember Reese used to call two,
dialog: three a.m?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (tease)
dialog: He loved you, Hobbes, he truly did.
dialog: That kind of devotion -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I had another call last night.
text: Jonesy raises an eyebrow, wondering...
text: Hobbes flicks the piece of paper with the address.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yo, Tiff, see if we got a car near
dialog: 17197 South Kedzie, huh?
dialog: (gives her the paper)
dialog: 12C. Have the landlord let ‘em
dialog: in if necessary.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Hot tip?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Probably some bozo saw my name in
text: the Trib, wants to impress his girl.
text: As Tiffany goes off with the slip of paper -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSKAVICH’S APARTMENT BUILDING. DAY.
text: An unmarked police car pulls up, Hobbes and Jonesy get out,
text: hurry into the building -
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM. DAY.
text: Hobbes and Jonesy looking at the naked man’s body in the
text: bathtub. A most unpleasant sight.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (reading from notes)
dialog: Muskavich. Russian expatriate,
dialog: unemployed electrician. No family,
dialog: no friends, no enemies.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Everybody’s got enemies. What’s
dialog: the cause of death?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: (We need an) Autopsy.
text: He points to the number 7 spray-painted on the man’s chest.
speaker_heading: JONESY (CONT.)
dialog: What’s this (mean), it’s the
dialog: killer’s seventh victim?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (leaving bathroom)
dialog: I guess. We better check the m.o.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 22
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT. DAY.
text: The place crawls with Cops, Coroners, etc. Hobbes and Jonesy
text: walk to the table, look at the breakfast stuff: the Mini-
text: Stonehenge configuration of objects. Stare at it.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (joke)
dialog: Looks like your desk.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (gives Jonesy a look)
dialog: Whose eats?
dialog: Meaning the cornflakes.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Killer. Body’s cold 18 hours,
dialog: (but the) milk’s not spoiled.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: He killed this guy, slept here, had
dialog: a quiet breakfast and left?
speaker_heading: "JONESY
dialog: Seems like.
dialog: (sees something)
dialog: Hey check this.
text: He‘s looking at the magic-marker writing on the wall.
text: Hobbes turns.
text: Stares.
text: His blood runs cold as ice.
text: Written on the wall in a cursive scrawl:
dialog: Lyons
dialog: 222?
speaker_heading: Spakowsky
text: Hobbes continues to stare...
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: What?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 23
text: Hobbes shakes his head, finally finds what's left of his voice:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: It’s a riddle.
dialog: Something Reese asked.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: In his cell before he died, Reese
dialog: asked me: "Why is there a space
dialog: between Lyons and Spakowsky?"
dialog: On Hobbes‘ face:
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. DAY.
text: Maguire stands at Hobbes’ desk looking at photos of the writing
text: from Muskavich’s wall. He lowers them, shakes his head:
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Reese had an accomplice?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Fuck me.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Fuck us all, Mack.
text: Maguire walks off as Jonesy hangs up the phone, turns to
dialog: Hobbes:
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Fingerprint. The perp didn’t wear
text: gloves. Left prints on the spoon,
dialog: cereal bowl, toothbrush. It’s like
dialog: he's advertising.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: Must be he’s not in the databank.
text: Jonesy nods agreement. Lou walks by headed for the FAX. He
text: overhead their conversation; says in his arrogant way:
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I hate to be stupid, huh? (CONT.)
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Enjoy it, Lou -
text: Lou glares back. Jonesy is sassing him because of the lip Lou
dialog: gave Hobbes in the bar.
speaker_heading: LOU (CONT.)
dialog: But is motive still something we ask
dialog: here?, or are all crimes just done
dialog: for their own sake, out of sickness?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (mimes hitting buzzer)
dialog: Bzzzz. Number 2.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (off-hand, as always)
dialog: Everything has motive.
dialog: Sickness is a motive too.
text: This thought hovers for a moment -
text: In the b.g., SCHWAB (a trainee with an earring and spiky hair}
text: is distributing burritos. Lou picks up from the FAX machine:
text: something for him, something for Hobbes and Jonesy. He reads
text: theirs on his way over, drops it off on Hobbes’ desk:
dialog: Lou
dialog: Look sharp, Bud.
dialog: (he now calls Hobbes "Bud"
dialog: because of his beer choice)
text: Coroner’s prelim on the Roosky.
dialog: Isn’t this that wacko poison
dialog: Reese used on those Arabs?
text: Hobbes examines the FAX with concern. Lou is right.
text: Schwab reaches Hobbes’ desk with the burritos.
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: Chicken, spicy with onions?
text: Hobbes looks up at Schwab. Nods absentmindedly.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey Schwab, you're hip, right?
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
text: Hip, thigh, and crotch.
text: Schwab glances around nervously to see if anyone else heard
dialog: this un-trainee like remark.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Tell me this: why is there a space
dialog: between Lyons and Spakowsky?
text: Schwab stares at him blankly.
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: I don’t know, man. That’s not a
dialog: hip query.
text: Hobbes looks around. Everyone’s stopped to eat their burritos.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Tiff, you like puzzles and shit,
dialog: brainteasers?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Long as I'm doing the teasing...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Why is there a space between
dialog: Lyons and Spakowsky?
text: Beat. She frowns.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: What’s that even mean, man?
text: Hobbes shakes his head: he doesn’t know.
text: A lingering beat...
speaker_heading: JONESY (0.S.)
dialog: We had a Lyons once. What an
dialog: asshole.
text: Hobbes turns toward Jonesy, who’s chomping away...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Not your Lyons. This guy was a cop.
text: Hobbes gestures, keep talking.
speaker_heading: JONESY (CONT.)
dialog: I tell you: he was the King Kong of
dialog: assholes. I’m talking legend, huh?
text: His name is on the fuckin’ wall.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 26
text: Hobbes blinks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT. HALLS. DAY.
text: Jonesy leads Hobbes down the dingy back halls of the station.
dialog: (Here, as elsewhere: small areas which are poorly lit give a
text: spooky sense, as though something is lurking there.)
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Some chief in the 30s thought it'd
dialog: boost morale... I think they kept
dialog: with it till ‘75 or...(so), it got
text: like a booby prize.
text: He stops in front of an old metal plaque with an ornate crest
text: and the words: FOR OUTSTANDING AND COURAGEOUS VALOR.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Remember? It was out front till
dialog: they went with the remodel. (CONT.)
text: Jonesy runs a flashlight down the names. In bronze:
speaker_heading: 1964 GEORGE LYONS
text: 1965 (blank, but with a residue of old solder.
dialog: A name was once here, but has been removed.)
scene_heading: 1966 ANTON SPAKOWSKY
text: Hobbes stares at the plaque.
speaker_heading: JONESY (CONT.)
dialog: You musta passed it a thousand times-
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: (Yeah.) Right out in the lobby.
dialog: (quoting Reese)
dialog: I just had to “open my eyes,
dialog: look around sometime."
speaker_heading: JONESY (0.S.}
dialog: I don’t know Spakowsky, but Lyons was
dialog: so mean his wife finally shot him in
dialog: a foot. Son of a bitch couldn’t get
dialog: disability -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Jonesy. Why is there a space here?
dialog: Who is ‘65?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: I got no clue, man. Not a clue,
dialog: not @ memory.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGUIRE'S OFFICE. DAY.
text: Hobbes has just asked Maguire the same question. Maguire looks
text: up at him with a clear honest face:
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: "65? I don’t know, Hobbes, that
dialog: was before my time.
text: Hobbes stares at him....
text: Maguire stares back, then lowers his eyes. He’s lying. He
dialog: does know something.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Maguire...you know I’1ll find out.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Then find out.
text: Cdd. He doesn’t care if Hobbes knows, he just can’t tell him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES APARTMENT. HIS BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes sits at this desk. Only a few objects: computer,
text: address book on the corner, etc.
text: He’s on line, going through old issues of the Chicago Tribune.
text: He's found a front-page article with a photograph of George
text: Lyons and a headline: "LYONS NAMED COP OF THE YEAR FOR 1964."
text: He looks at the top of the page, the date: February 12, 1965.
text: He presses SEARCH and types in: February 12, 1966.
text: The 1966 front page pops up. He searches it: nothing.
text: Hits two keys, gets the front page for February 11, searches
dialog: that one: nothing.
text: ON HIS FACE as he tries more front pages, without success.
text: Then he stops. Moves closer to the screen as he reads -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 28
dialog: Headline:
scene_heading: ITALIAN DETECTIVE COP OF THE YEAR 1965.
dialog: Robert Milano nabbed "Kiddo Killer"
text: The photograph shows a handsome man with an honest face, in a
text: blue uniform.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Hobbes presses SEARCH and types in "Robert Milano."
text: The screen says "Searching..."
text: An article pops up about Milano making another arrest.
text: Hobbes scans it quickly, hits SEARCH again. The name "Robert
text: Milano" reappears, and Hobbes hits Return...
text: He waits...waits...
text: Something comes up.
text: He stares. The eerie computer light flickering over his face.
text: He hits: PRINT.
text: Paces in front of his window.
text: Goes to the printer, picks up the printed page, reads it again
text: as he continues pacing...
scene_heading: EXT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: From across the street, we see Hobbes pacing in his window.
text: He is being watched.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGUIRE'S OFFICE. MORNING.
text: Morning coffee cups; Hobbes has come in first thing. He's
text: waving the page he printed from the 1966 Chicago Tribune:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Six months after he’s named Cop of
dialog: the year, he goes to Canada and
text: blows his brains out.
dialog: But the article on the suicide is
dialog: page nine, somebody buried iti (CONT.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: (slaps print-out)
dialog: And there’s no information here
dialog: ‘cept Milano was on suspension at
dialog: the time. What gives, Maguire?
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: It’s old laundry.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I gather, and dirty, but I need this,
dialog: okay? For a guy who’s out killing
dialog: people right now, and he’s telling
dialog: me, right now, by writing on the
dialog: fucking wall, that I should look at
dialog: what happened to Milano!
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: I can’t help you, Hobbes.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I request access to our reports on
dialog: the suicide -
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE (overlapping)
dialog: Get real, huh? I said I can’t -
text: Pissed, Hobbes turns to go -
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE (CONT. )
dialog: I got something else though.
dialog: (holds up videotape)
text: Reese. From the prison.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (slight sarcasm)
dialog: Thanks, Maguire. You're a
dialog: white man.
text: He takes the tape and leaves. FOLLOW HIM OUT into:
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. MAIN ROOM. DAY.
text: Hobbes comes out, goes by Jonesy’s desk.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Tape on Reese, wanna view?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: You know I hate video.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Anything on Muskavich?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Fingerprints are a bust. All we
dialog: got is:
dialog: (consults notes)
dialog: Killer's tall, left-handed -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (idle, no significance:)
dialog: Like Reese -
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Yeah. And his teeth are bad.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (Shit.) He bit Muskavich?
text: Hobbes reaches his desk, puts down the tape. In his other
text: hand, he’s still holding the page he printed from the
text: newspaper. He looks at it, picks up the phone, dials 411.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
dialog: This is Debra, what city?
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: The clipping. At the bottom: "Detective Milano is survived by
text: his wife, Sylvia,35, and daughter Gretta, 8 months old."
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O.)
dialog: Chicago. Sylvia Milano.
scene_heading: M-I-L-A-N-O.
text: BACK TO SCENE.
text: Maguire is crossing. Hobbes calls to him, slightly nasty:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey, Lieutenant? This silence on
dialog: Milano. Is it your own idea, or
dialog: are you "just following orders?"
text: Maguire stops in his tracks:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Look. Somebody promised somebody
dialog: something a long time ago.
dialog: I’m keeping that promise, huh?
text: Hobbes thinks about this as Maguire moves away and:
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry, there’s no such listing.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Okay, thanks.
dialog: (starts to hang up, then:)
dialog: Wait. What about... Are you there?
dialog: (examines clipping)
dialog: You have a Gretta Milano?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (stands; to Hobbes)
dialog: Okay, I'll watch.
text: Hobbes tosses him the videotape -
speaker_heading: JONESY (CONT. )
dialog: You know, I been thinking -
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: {as to a horse)
dialog: Whoa, easy boy...
speaker_heading: OPERATOR’S VOICE
dialog: Please hold for the number.
text: Hobbes jots down the number as Jonesy comes over:
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Whoever killed Muskavich knows
text: the poison Reese used, he’s quoting
dialog: Reese... He could be a cop.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: (as he dials Gretta’s number)
dialog: I've thought of that.
dialog: (points jokingly at Lou)
speaker_heading: GRETTA'S VOICE (FROM PHONE)
dialog: Hi. Please leave a message.
dialog: Beep -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Ah. John Hobbes. 845-9594. It’s
dialog: important.
text: He hangs up, and they walk off:
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: You're giving your home number?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I don’t know why, I...
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: What is it, some girl with a cute
dialog: voice?
text: Hobbes playfully cuffs Jonesy...but Jonesy is right, Hobbes
dialog: liked her voice -
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT. VIDEO ROOM. DAY.
text: On screen (from a different angle than before): Reese is
text: singing, wild and raucous:
speaker_heading: " REESE
dialog: I‘1l come running back...baby baby
dialog: I'll come runnin’ back...to you...
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Used to have a lounge act, huh?
dialog: (as Hobbes rewinds tape)
dialog: You don’t want to watch him get
dialog: gassed, make sure he’s kaput?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I gotta see this priest again.
text: He presses PLAY. The tape runs:
text: Inside Reese's cell, a scene we haven’t seen before. A PRIEST
text: is talking to the Guard, trying to get the door unlocked.
text: Reese mutters something 0.S. and the CAMERA PANS to him...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (quiet, deadly)
dialog: Father.
dialog: (You) Step in here, I'll kill you.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: PRIEST (0.S.)
dialog: You don’t really mean that -
speaker_heading: . REESE
dialog: Five seconds. (is all it‘d take)
text: This registers on the Priest’s face.
text: Reese is calm, motionless, homicidal.
text: THE CAMERA PANS to the Priest, hesitating.
text: The Priest looks at the Guard, who shrugs.
text: CAMERA PANS BACK AND FORTH on this primitive game of chicken:
text: Reese staring.
text: Priest staring back, trying to make a judgement.
text: Reese gestures with his hand: come on in, dude...
text: Priest still staring...
text: He blinks. Lost it.
text: Turns, speaks softly to the Guard, and walks away.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Coward!
dialog: (yells after Priest)
dialog: How can you serve God if you ain’t
dialog: got any balls?!
dialog: (flat, to CAMERA)
dialog: Make sure Hobbes gets a copy of this,
dialog: huh? -
dialog: (diff voice)
dialog: Johnny boy, you watching?
dialog: (waves at camera)
dialog: I hope you're paying close attention
dialog: ...every gesture, every word...
dialog: 
text: Abruptly Reese shuts down. Freaky sight: live to dead in two
text: seconds. Eyes closed. Motionless. End of scene.
text: Hobbes fast-forwards, to his own entrance, and beyond -
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Hold a sec. I wanna...
text: He takes the remote, presses PLAY, and we see:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: REESE (ON TAPE)
dialog: Open your eyes, pal. Look around -
text: Jonesy presses REVERSE, and the tape rewinds.
text: He presses PLAY again, and we see Reese lunge for Hobbes’ hand
dialog: and kiss it.
text: After a moment, Reese begins babbling nonsense syllables,
dialog: making weird gestures...
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: What’s he talking later, Dutch?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: So he says.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: So this is Dutch too?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: {isn’t it obvious:)
text: This is gibberish.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: oh.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You sure on that?
text: Hobbes blinks, wonders...
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING. TWILIGHT.
text: Fading light. BOYS play stickball in the street.
text: Hobbes sits in his car, laptop on his knees, plugged into his
text: car phone. He’s on line, going through old newspaper files,
dialog: stories on Robert Milano.
text: He glances idly up at a window, starts to look away, then looks
dialog: again, more closely...
text: Yes, he did see something. A SHADOW inside.
text: He folds up the laptop.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 35
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING. HALL. EVENING.
text: Hobbes rings the bell.
text: GRETTA (32, beautiful in a glancing way, ethereal but grounded,
text: a charming casual manner) opens the door.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Gretta Milano?
text: She nods v. slightly -
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: My name is John Hobbes.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Oh yes. You called.
text: Neither friendly nor stand-offish. She’s just there.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: {flashing badge)
dialog: May I come in a moment?
text: She looks at his badge, then again at his face. Says nothing.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: I want to ask about your father.
text: Her face reacts. Here it is, the moment she’s long expected.
text: She walks away, leaving the door open for him to follow.
scene_heading: INT. GRETTA’S APARTMENT. EVENING.
text: Like a loft, high ceilings. The evening light gives the white
text: walls a soft glow. This effect is intensified by the art work:
text: massive reproductions of Raphaelite and Pre-Raphaelite angels.
dialog: The impact is quite striking, and Hobbes comments:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You’re surrounded by angels.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: I teach theology at Northwestern.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: They’re beautiful.
text: He looks at her: she’s beautiful too.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: (soft, neutral)
dialog: Why do you want to know about my
dialog: father?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: The files on his case are sealed.
text: She seems to have no reaction.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: Even now, 30 years later, my
dialog: boss won't say anything.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Good.
dialog: (considers, then:)
dialog: Mr. Hobbes, I could tell you what
dialog: my mother told me before she died.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I'm sorry - (about her death)
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: She’s not. But first I have to ask
dialog: again: why do you want to know? Is
dialog: it idle curiosity, or -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: No. See... I’m the guy who caught
dialog: Edgar Reese, who was just executed -
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Yes, I read about - (him)
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Reese kind of...gave me your
dialog: father’s name.
text: She looks at him rather blankly, says softly:
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Did Reese like to sing?
text: Hobbes nods.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: And at the end, he touched you or -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (slightly spooked)
dialog: Kissed my hand.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 37
text: She closes her eyes. When she opens them again, her voice is
dialog: different, more somber:
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: You want some coffee?
text: He nods. As she pours coffee for him, gets out milk and sugar:
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: One condition: you and I never spoke.
text: No reports, nothing in the files.
dialog: My name, and everything I say, is
dialog: just between us. Is that agreeable?
scene_heading: INT. GRETTA’S APARTMENT. LIVING ROOM. MINUTES LATER.
text: They sit with their coffee. She's watching him, thinking...
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: You look married.
text: He's surprised by the personal remark, but he answers:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Divorced.4 years.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Kids?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: One nephew. Why do you -
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: (gentle, efficient)
dialog: A family man shouldn’t risk it.
dialog: You believe in God?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Just Sundays. My job, seeing what
dialog: I see, faith isn’t easy to sustain.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: (factual) :
dialog: What you see in your job is nothing.
text: He nods, intrigued...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Risk what?
dialog: You said "A family man shouldn’t
dialog: risk -"
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Yes. I’m thinking that perhaps
dialog: you‘re here for a purpose you
dialog: yourself don’t yet see.
text: He starts to respond to this, but before he can get a word out,
text: she launches into her story:
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: According to my mother, who was
dialog: admittedly biased, my father was
dialog: the best cop on the force. Smart,
dialog: dedicated, incorruptible.
dialog: He received an award for catching
dialog: someone named the Kiddo Killer,
dialog: who was preying on...
dialog: {there’s more she could say
dialog: but this will suffice:)
dialog: ,..small boys. After Kiddo was
dialog: executed, copy-cat crimes occurred.
dialog: My father was implicated. The
dialog: evidence against him mounted: phone
text: calls, fingerprints, witnesses. He
dialog: went kind of...crazy. Bought a
dialog: house up in Canada...went there,
dialog: and shot himself.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (idly)
dialog: Can I go up to the house?
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: (subtly paranoid)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (picking up something)
dialog: Why not?
text: She nods, taking this under advisement, and proceeds with her
dialog: story:
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: The Department told my mother - for
dialog: the sake of her pension and my
dialog: father’s good name, all he‘d done
dialog: for the force - they’d hush it up.
dialog: I guess they're still keeping their
dialog: word.
text: Hobbes nods.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: GRETTA (CONT.)
dialog: Please understand, Mr. Hobbes, that
dialog: everyone including my parents saw
dialog: the evidence against my father and
dialog: considered it incontrovertible.
text: She leans forward. She looks him right in the eye and speaks
text: quietly but with enormous intensity:
speaker_heading: GRETTA (CONT. )
dialog: But I know - for a fact - that my
dialog: father was innocent of those crimes.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: How do you know?
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: How do you know he was innocent?
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: "Cause I know who did it.
dialog: And I think you're next, Mr. Hobbes.
dialog: I'm afraid you’re next.
dialog: That's all I can tell you.
dialog: (stands)
dialog: In fact, that’s more than I can
dialog: tell you.
text: She walks toward the door.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Wait a second. You were suggesting
dialog: before that there might be some
dialog: ether reason I’m here? ~
text: She gives the slightest of nods as she opens the front door.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Who does?
dialog: (nods politely)
dialog: It was nice to meet you.
text: He's thrown by her sudden insistence on getting rid of him:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Well. If I have further questions,
dialog: or... Can I at least - (call you)
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
scene_heading: INT. HALL. EVENING.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: I’d rather you didn’t.
text: He nods, taken aback again.
text: She starts to close the door, says softly:
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Go with God.
text: He stops short, turns -
text: But the door is already closed.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes parks his car, gets out.
text: Walks down the street lost in thought... (There should be a
dialog: few other pedestrians, not many.)
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: Sometimes it seems like the basic job
dialog: human beings have is to figure out
dialog: what the hell is going on. (CONT. }
text: Though we don’t pay attention at this point, a MAN is strolling
text: up the street, toward Hobbes.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: Example: Gretta Milano.
dialog: What was she hiding?
dialog: What was she afraid of?
dialog: Why did she end things so abruptly?
dialog: And her final words, "Go with God,"
dialog: what did they mean?
text: The Man has reached Hobbes. With a chilling shock we
dialog: recognize: Charles the Anorexic.
dialog: 
text: As he passes, he looks Hobbes in the eye -
text: Hobbes looks back -
text: For an instant their eyes lock -
text: On Charles’ face: the hint of a mocking smile -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
text: They pass each other.
text: Hobbes blinks, a vague apprehension skating across his
dialog: consciousness...
text: On his back, as he walks away from the camera:
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: One never knows, down to the smallest
dialog: thing. The man who catches your eye
dialog: in the street. Does he know you?
dialog: Did you go to high school together,
dialog: or is he a stranger? Is he a
dialog: homicidal maniac who hates your guts
dialog: on sight, or is he thinking about
dialog: robbing you, or is he (just) some
dialog: poor creature trying to make a
dialog: homosexual advance? (CONT .)
text: Charles the Anorexic returns to sight, his back becoming a
text: foreground silhouette, as he watches:
text: Hobbes disappears down the dark street.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.0., NARRATION}
dialog: Or was it nothing, nothing at all?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes enters, stops short. Spooky conspiratorial VOICES.
text: He silently closes the front door.
text: He moves warily down the unlit hallway... It feels as if {use
text: subliminal images?) monstrous creatures lurk in the darkness.
text: At the end of the hall, Hobbes steps decisively into the living
dialog: room - .
text: Art and Sam have fallen asleep in front of the tv, which is now
text: playing some béw film noir. Sam is clutching a teddy bear.
text: Hobbes gently shakes his brother, who turns, disoriented:
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Johnny? ?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Time to go to sleep, Art.
dialog: Come on, pull down his covers...
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 42
text: Hobbes picks up Sammy. Art goes ahead, wiping sleep from his
text: eyes with his knuckles like a little kid...
text: The spooky film noir MUSIC fills the apartment. As they move,
text: the phone rings. Art picks it up:
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: Without any reaction or comment, he hangs up. These calls are
text: such a routine occurrence Art barely notices them.
scene_heading: INT. ART AND SAM’S ROOM. NIGHT.
text: Art pulls down Sammy's covers, and Hobbes lays the boy in the
text: bed. The phone starts ringing again.
text: Art pulls the covers up, smoothes them.
text: Hobbes watches from the doorway.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Johnny. ..?
dialog: You ever get scared?
speaker_heading: * HOBBES
dialog: Sometimes.
text: Art nods. The phone keeps ringing. The room is very dark.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Me too.
text: The phone stops. Hollow silence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATED SUBWAY CAR. SLIGHT OVERHEAD ANGLE. NIGHT.
text: Charles The Anorexic stands, holding the strap. The car is
text: crowded: tired, unhappy people going home after a long day.
dialog: Many people are pressing against Charles. (One is a man, MOUSE
dialog: FACE, whom we will soon meet.)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES’ APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: Charles opens the door, looks around: the place is immaculate.
text: He enters, drops his jacket on the floor, his hat on the couch.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. LATER.
text: Charles is at the stove, making himself a grilled-cheese:
text: lonely guy special. The ingredients he’s using are spread over
text: the counter in a messy way.
text: He glances at the portable phone sitting in its cradle. It
text: seems to be guilt-tripping him.
text: He picks it up, dials as he cooks.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Mrs. Moohr, this is Charles.
dialog: Apparently... It seems I’ve had
text: some kind of nervous breakdown, and
dialog: I insulted your husband. I'm very
dialog: sorry for whatever -
scene_heading: MRS. MOOHR'S VOICE
dialog: It's too late, Charles. We hired
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I figured you did, - (CONT.)
text: The doorbell rings -
speaker_heading: CHARLES (CONT.)
dialog: And I'm sorry about it, but...
dialog: {heading for door)
dialog: The important thing is: will you
dialog: please apologize to your husband?
scene_heading: MRS. MOOHR’S VOICE
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: I will, Charles, thank you,
dialog: that's... (very nice of you.)
dialog: We always liked you, Charles.
text: She hangs up.
text: He presses OFF on the phone and opens his door -
text: A VIOLENT FORCE BURSTS IN. A man, but a man possessed by the
dialog: most primitive homicidal fury -
text: Wielding a HYPODERMIC NEEDLE -
text: Plunging the needle in, again and again, like a knife
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 44
text: SAVAGE BLUR of images, different angles, hand-held CAMERA,
dialog: shocking effect.
text: Charles fights back, waving his arms ineffectually, slapping at
text: the intruder. Useless. The attack is savage, relentless -
text: Charles staggers back, falls.
text: Like a wild beast, the attacker leaps: In for the kill.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. MOMENTS LATER.
text: A foot. Laces being undone. The shoe being removed.
dialog: Sock removed.
text: Hands go to Charles’ belt. His shirt is already off.
text: The intruder, Mouse face, slowly, pleasurably, strips Charles’
dialog: body...
dialog: Note: Descriptions of Charles The Anorexic and Mouse
dialog: Face are for reading purposes only. Their specific
dialog: physical characteristics are immaterial. What’s
dialog: important is that these roles be cast with actors who
dialog: have pronounced physical traits so we instantly
text: recognize them when we see them a second time.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. SLIGHTLY LATER.
text: Mouse Face dumps Charles’ body into the bathtub.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. SLIGHTLY LATER.
text: Mouse Face stands at the counter eating the grilled cheese
text: sandwich Charles was cooking. The thoughtful victim prepared a
dialog: post-murder snack.
text: As he eats, Mouse Face takes milk from the fridge and a box of
text: Cornflakes from the cabinet.
text: He carries the Cornflakes to the table, sets it down.
text: Looks at it.
text: Adjusts the angle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 4s
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. DAY.
text: Hobbes has a map of Canada on his desk. An "X%" is marked.
text: There are no roads near the "X." He's on the phone:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: ...dohn Hobbes. I apologize for
dialog: calling but your Dad’s house in
text: Canada seems to be seven miles from
dialog: nowhere. Can you get me directions?
dialog: Call me at the precinct.
text: He hangs up and folds the map as Jonesy drifts over:
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: I played Reese's tape on the phone
text: to a linguist guy. He’s coming down.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Prelim?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Says it sounds Middle Eastern
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Any more on Muskavich?
speaker_heading: JONESY
text: Only his pizza.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (passing by)
dialog: Hitting your area of expertise,
dialog: huh Jonesy?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (turns on Lou)
dialog: Look, man: Pizza is the staff of
dialog: life. Without pizza and other
dialog: fine Italian foods, there is no
dialog: happiness, okay?
text: (turns back to Hobbes) .
text: There was one slice left. Deep dish:
dialog: garlic, Linguisa and pineapple. An
dialog: unusual combo, but Gina’s over in
dialog: Oak Park has it as a #17. Plus:
dialog: there was nothin’ in Muskavich’s
dialog: stomach, so it was the killer’s eats.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You're saying the killer might be
dialog: from Oak Park?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: It's a shot.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Hell of a clue, Jonesy. Better
dialog: write this up for the journal.
text: Jonesy stares at him blankly.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Thanks, Lou. 1I'11 do that.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. LATER.
text: Hobbes is going through the files on Reese, which are still in
text: folders, not in the computer. Childhood photos, old letters,
text: school reports, a sports clipping from a high school newspaper.
text: Hobbes keeps going, examining a series of photos, looking into
text: the eyes of a killer. Then a thought comes. He digs back and
text: finds the old sports clipping.
text: Stares at it.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. HALL. MOMENTS LATER.
text: Hobbes comes down the hall, opens the door
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. VIDEO ROOM. DAY.
text: Jonesy and RICHARD LOUDERS, a linguist, are watching the tape
text: of Reese, as Hobbes enters:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Any luck?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: John Hobbes, Richard Louders, U.
dialog: of Cc.
speaker_heading: LOUDERS
dialog: It’s a language all right, but I’ve
dialog: never heard it spoken before.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Meaning?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: It's an antique.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: LOUDERS
dialog: I believe this is a Biblical tongue,
dialog: Syrian Aramaic. Only a few nomadic
dialog: tribes still speak it.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: So you don’t know what he’s saying?
speaker_heading: LOUDERS
dialog: No idea. But if you give me a copy,
dialog: I can work it.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Hey. Appreciate that, huh?
dialog: (stands, walks Louders
dialog: to door, they go 0.S.)
dialog: If you can hang about fifteen
dialog: minutes, we‘ll make you a dupe.
text: We. stay with Hobbes, who rewinds the tape back to Reese and the
text: Priest. He turns off the sound, runs it forward. Watches.
dialog: Jonesy returns:
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: "Aramaic?"
speaker_heading: ‘ HOBBES
dialog: I know.
text: Hobbes is playing over and over a short section in which Reese
text: gestures for the Priest to come in and get.killed, the Priest
text: leaves, and Reese waves at the video camera...
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Edgar Reese drove a fuckin’ bus.
dialog: He was smart, but self-educated,
dialog: so a little Dutch? Maybe. But
dialog: some ancient tongue only a few
dialog: tribesmen speak??
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I found something else. In Reese's
text: file was a clipping from his high
dialog: school baseball team.
dialog: He batted right, threw right.
text: They watch the tape. Reese is gesturing and waving with his
dialog: left hand.
speaker_heading: JONESY
text: So? He bats right and waves left.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 48
text: Hobbes turns up the sound and we hear:
speaker_heading: REESE (ON TAPE)
dialog: (diff voice)
dialog: John? Are you watching?
dialog: (waves at camera)
dialog: I hope you’re paying close attention
dialog: -.-.every gesture, every word...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (stops tape, ejects it)
dialog: We gotta get this duped.
dialog: {as they exit)
dialog: What're you saying, Hobbes? (CONT. }
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. DAY.
text: Conversation continues as they head back to their desks.
speaker_heading: JONESY (CONT.)
dialog: Reese did some of the sickest shit
dialog: on record. He’s speaking a language
dialog: 2000 years old. And you're worried
dialog: ‘cause he’s ambidextrous???
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I’m worried about everything.
text: Jonesy goes to get the tape copied as Schwab comes up with a
text: FAX and Hobbes’ phone rings.
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: You got an anonymous FAX here.
dialog: Some kinda map.
text: Hobbes stares at it as:
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: You driving to Canada?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (to Schwab)
dialog: Why not?
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: John Hobbes.
speaker_heading: VOICE (MOUSE-FACE)
dialog: Hey pal, need another clue?
text: Hobbes is silent.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: VOICE (MOUSE-FACE})
dialog: 13393 South Grove, Apartment 9.
dialog: Dial tone.
text: Hobbes looks at Jonesy, who has returned to his desk. Beat.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: That pizza place, with the #17?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (pleased, hungry)
dialog: You want a pie?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Is it close to Grove Street?
dialog: cur TO:
text: A SERIES OF FIXED SHOTS, LIKE POLICE PHOTOGRAPHS. A VISUAL
scene_heading: RECORD. A HORRIFYING MONTAGE.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLES’ APARTMENT. DAY.
text: Icy crisp image of a nondescript building. COPS and CORONERS
text: moving in and out, in slow motion.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES’ APARTMENT. DAY.
text: The empty apartment, seen through the open hall door.
text: A half-eaten grilled cheese sandwich on the counter.
text: A syringe on the floor.
text: A gaunt body face down in the bathtub.
text: An unrinsed, toothpaste-laden toothbrush on the sink.
text: Charles‘ clothes piled in the middle of the floor.
text: The gaunt body being turned over onto its back. Written in
text: magic marker on Charles’ chest are the numbers "5-6."
text: Charles’ eyes are open. Wide.
text: Hobbes looks at Charles, glances at Jonesy, then back at
dialog: Charles. Does Hobbes recognize Charles...?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
text: In Hobbes’ hand: his two quarters going nervously...
text: The kitchen table. A box of cornflakes, a container of milk,
text: a sugar bowl, and a half-eaten bowl of cereal. Carefully
text: placed in a distinctive configuration. Mini-Stonehenge redux.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: {stares at them)
dialog: It ain’t just the same objects.
text: They're in the same place. Exact.
dialog: {dourly)
text: It’s like he’s laughin’ at us.
text: Hobbes turns toward the wall where last time they found
text: writing. This time there’s a mirror there. Hobbes is
text: relieved. Casually he moves the mirror aside.
text: There's writing underneath it.
text: Slowly, forcing himself, Hobbes pushes the mirror farther...
dialog: until he can read:
speaker_heading: ARMAGEDDON.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Killer has a pretty high opinion
dialog: of himself.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Not the first.
text: Hobbes looks around the place...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You know what’s scary?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: What ain’t?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Last night, going home, a guy
dialog: walking the other way looked me in
dialog: the eye. One of those looks like
dialog: he knows you, you know?
text: Jonesy nods.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT. }
text: It was the guy in the bathtub,
dialog: Jonesy. The stiff, it was him.
dialog: Why would he look at me? Did he
dialog: already know he was gonna die?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: SL
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Tell you the truth, man. I'm not
dialog: smart enough to figure out what’s
dialog: going down here.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Me neither. But I have to.
dialog: (starting anywhere)
dialog: It’s gonna be the same poison,
dialog: right?
dialog: Jonesy nods -
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.}
dialog: How ‘bout the numbers on his chest?
dialog: Seven was last Friday, now he’s back
dialog: to five and six? Where’s six?
text: Jonesy shrugs. The CORONERS go by, carrying Charles’ body,
text: wrapped in a sheet.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Who is this guy anyway?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Everything’s under Charles Olom,
dialog: but it’s some kinda alias. We’re
text: running his prints.
text: Hobbes nods. Turns. Finds:
text: His own image, staring back from the mirror.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BASKETBALL PLAYGROUND. MORNING.
text: A BLUR of moving bodies.
text: Art on the sidelines, watching:
text: Hobbes is playing basketball with Sam, Toby, and Toby’s father
text: LUCIUS (34, Caucasian, bug-eyed, gravelly voice, a street black
text: in white skin). Lucius drives past Hobbes, makes a complete
text: hot-dog move for a game-winning lay-up, and gloats:
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: You can’t beat us, JH! You got
dialog: too much flab, man! Sittin’ on
dialog: your glutes all day. You need
dialog: some gym work!
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: We can beat you, Loosh, but it‘1ll
dialog: have to be next week. I gotta go.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on, Unc. Just one more...
text: In the background, Lucius hand-rolls a cigarette, lights up.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I can't, Sammy, I got a long drive.
dialog: Get your Dad in here, huh?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (soft, so Art can’t hear)
dialog: But he's a spaz.
dialog: (instantly, off Hobbes’ look)
dialog: I'm sorry, I know, I -
text: Hobbes sees Jonesy approaching, says firmly to Sam:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Cherish what you got, kid.
text: Hobbes tosses the ball to Art and goes to Jonesy. Art warms up
text: with Sam and Toby as Lucius puffs on his smoke.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Hey, Lucius, how's pharmaceuticals?
text: Lucius tokes on his cigarette as if it were a joint. Jonesy
text: smiles, turns to Hobbes:
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Tiffany get you?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I left my beeper, what gives?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: You know how weird this case is?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (There's more?) Tell me.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: We got an i.d. on "Charles Olom."
dialog: Real name Mickey Noons, born in
dialog: Oslo, illegal resident, small-time
dialog: shithead.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: That's not bad.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: That’s not ik.
dialog: Noons is the guy who killed the
dialog: Roosky. It's his prints all
text: over Muskavich’s apartment.
dialog: Hobbes thinks.
speaker_heading: JONESY (CONT.)
text: Noons poisons Muskavich, dumps him
text: in the tub, and sets out the
text: cornflakes. Three days later
dialog: somebody does the exact same thing
dialog: to Noons. Exact.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah. Exact. ‘Cause Noons and
dialog: Muskavich were actually killed by
dialog: the same person.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Some kinda ringmaster?
dialog: Hobbes nods -
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I don't know, man, but I got a bad
dialog: feeling.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Me too.
dialog: (dourly}
dialog: Like somebody's playin’ with my
dialog: dick and it ain’t me.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT./INT. COUNTRY ROAD/HOBBES’ CAR. DAY.
text: Hobbes drives through beautiful desolate landscape. Water
text: everywhere. Lakes. Narrow roads between the lakes. It feels
text: like the moon if the moon were mostly water. MUSIC accentuates
text: this sense of being in spooky alien territory...
text: The pavement stops. Fork in the road. Overgrown dirt roads in
text: both directions. No signposts, no aids to the traveller.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 34
text: Hobbes consults Gretta’s FAX: both written instructions and
dialog: diagrams...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILANO’S HOUSE. DAY.
text: A dilapidated farmhouse set back from the road, surrounded
text: three sides by water.
text: Hobbes’ car turns down the long driveway, parks.
text: As he walks toward the house, we realize: this is the house
dialog: from the opening of the movie...
text: The WIND blows, creating a disquieting effect...
text: Just before he reaches the house, Hobbes stops, looks around.
text: There are bushes but no trees for several hundred yards. This
dialog: location has one distinctive feature: it would be impossible
dialog: to approach by car or boat without being seen.
scene_heading: INT. MILANO’S HOUSE. DAY.
text: The windows are covered with decades of grime, so the room is
text: dark. Hobbes flicks a switch but the electricity’s off.
text: His eyes adjust to the light, or lack of it. A very creepy
dialog: place. Are there rats living here? Snakes? Monsters?
dialog: Salvation-Army-style furniture, but nothing’s in the right
text: place. The desk is in the middle of the room. Chairs are
text: turned over. There’s plaster on the floor, from a place where
text: one wall was torn up. Every drawer is pulled out onto the
text: floor, and old papers are scattered everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. MILANO’S HOUSE. KITCHEN.
text: Hobbes looks in. Empty, barren, as if it had never been used.
text: Hobbes notices marks on the floor. He sweeps away the dirt.
text: Gradually, to creepy effect, the painted outline of a sprawled
text: body becomes discernible: this is where Milano died.
scene_heading: INT. MILANO’S HOUSE. BEDROOM.
text: Monastic: a simple cot, an old dresser. A dark sheet hangs
text: over one wall.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: $5
scene_heading: INT. MILANO’S HOUSE. BATHROOM.
text: Empty, spartan. Movement. The ancient shower curtain is
text: moving slightly. Something or someone is behind it.
text: Hobbes hesitates...
dialog: Steps forward...
dialog: Yanks it back -
text: An empty tub. On the wall over it is a broken window; the
text: curtain was moving in the breeze.
scene_heading: INT. MILANO’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM.
text: Hobbes sits among the papers, slowly sifting through them.
text: He picks up one covered with some form of ancient writing...
text: A second piece of paper has similar writing.
text: He turns a sheet of paper over: it’s a photograph.
text: He holds it up to the light, sees:
text: A_family. Father, mother, three-month-old child. A joyous -
text: now ironically joyous - image.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: Hobbes stands by a bookcase. Only one shelf is filled: with
dialog: old books. -
text: Hobbes takes one down, leafs through it. Photographs of
text: paintings and drawings: Demons, gargoyles, monsters.
text: Hobbes leafs through a second book, a large one, with photos of
text: churches. He’s about to put the book back when he notices an 8
text: x 10 black-and-white photograph wedged into it.
text: He takes out the photo, examines it:
text: A CRUDE PAINTING. At the top are angels. Some seem to be
text: pushing others out, expelling them from Heaven. The ones who
text: were expelled fall toward the bottom of the painting. Their
text: arms are outstretched, fingers pointing at, almost touching,
text: the men and women walking along the bottom of the painting.
text: The men and women’s faces are filled with horror and grief.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 56
text: Hobbes removes the photo, closes the book, looks around.
text: He moves to the hall, glances for a last time, into the
text: bathroom, into the bedroom...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. DAY.
text: Casually, to check every possible contingency, he pulls down
text: the sheet that's covering one wall of the bedroom:
text: Under the sheet is the painting he just saw. Full sized, in
dialog: color, it’s powerful, creepy. .
text: Hobbes stares at it. Blinks.
text: Looks down at the photograph.
text: He's comparing them, looking back and forth. He's noticed
dialog: something.
text: He goes to the window, holds the photo up to the light... He's
text: looking at the lower right corner:
text: In the photograph, that corner is white, perhaps unfinished.
text: But not in the painting. The painting is complete.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN.
text: In the back of the kitchen is a pantry. Most of the shelves
dialog: hold old cans of food, etc.
text: one shelf is filled with paint and brushes. From this shelf
text: Hobbes grabs a can of turpentine.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. DAY. VARIOUS ANGLES.
text: Hobbes is using the turpentine and an old rag to remove the
text: surface paint from the lower right corner of the painting.
text: Gradually he uncovers the white wall underneath.
text: But the wall is not entirely white.
text: Underneath the surface layer of paint, over one section of the
text: white wall, something is written in small black letters.
text: Hobbes applies more turpentine, rubs harder, harder...until the
text: letters are visible.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: S7
text: He stares at them:
speaker_heading: AAELZZ
dialog: Hold image.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HOBBES’ CAR/FREEWAY. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes drives. Dark. Few surrounding cars. But when they do
text: come, their lights arc ominously across Hobbes’ face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes walking. Still thinking. The pattern of lights and his
text: solitary figure make a stark and beautiful image.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: When I want to think, I walk.
dialog: (CONT. }
text: Seedy neighborhood. Strip joints and hock shops.
speaker_heading: : HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: I love the night.
text: The streets. Smells.
dialog: The sense of strange possibilities...
dialog: {CONT .}
text: Hobbes blinks. His face changes, snapping from reverie to
text: alert. Footsteps. Scary MUSIC plays...
text: He walks a few more steps. Confirms: Someone is following him.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: Sometimes you come face to face
dialog: with your self.
text: Hobbes glances over his shoulder -
dialog: Sees no-one.
text: Walks a few steps. Puzzled.
text: Quickly stops and turns again, looks:
text: Still no one in sight. The footsteps have stopped too.
text: Hobbes resumes walking.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 58
text: The footsteps resume.
text: There’s a powerful spooky sense that he’s being followed by
text: something invisible.
text: He walks...slower...slower...coming to a decision. He can't
text: run. He can’t hide. He must face it. He stops, whirls -
dialog: 
text: Runs back toward the footsteps -
text: Sprinting down the street, looking every direction, every dark
text: building, every doorway, every parked car.
dialog: Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
text: He stops, frustrated and winded. ...And spooked.
text: JUMP BACK TO A STRANGE ANGLE.
text: Someone is there... Someone is watching him...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRETTA’S APARTMENT BUILDING. DAY.
text: A clear sunny day, the kind of day which makes the idea of evil
text: seem almost absurd. Hobbes waits by the entrance.
text: Gretta comes out, sees him, walks toward the street.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I went up there.
text: She keeps walking. He walks with her.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What do the letters AAELZZ mean?
text: She glances at him. Does she recognize the letters? We can’t
text: tell. And she still does not speak.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Your father wrote those letters on
text: the wall and painted over them.
dialog: They're alphabetical so maybe
dialog: they're scrambled or -
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: (reaching her car)
dialog: Walk away.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: (getting in car)
dialog: If you enjoy your life, if there’s
dialog: even one human being you care about
dialog: er who depends on you: give this
dialog: case to someone else.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I can’t do that.
dialog: This is my job.
text: She glances at him, starts her car.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: For your sake, I hope not.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm late for class.
text: She drives away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SHEET OF PAPER.
text: At the top are the letters AAELZZ, followed by the 720
text: permutations of these letters. Hobbes is going through them,
text: crossing out the ones that are clearly gibberish. We are:
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY LIBRARY. LATER. DAY.
text: A musty library, leather chairs and big oak tables. Twenty
text: names remain on his list: Hobbes is checking them in a
text: dictionary. He stops, having found something. Stares at it.
text: ZOOM IN ON THE dictionary and the definition:
text: AZAZEL: In the Old Testament: an evil spirit.
text: Hobbes stares at this.
scene_heading: ANOTHER TIME CUT.
text: Hobbes now has ancient books on the occult spread out over the
text: table. He picks up one of the books. We see a list of
text: Biblical names, including Azazel, followed by:
dialog: 
dialog: "Tt is said they must have a host body to survive."
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 69
text: He thinks about this. Walks around the table picking up one
text: book after another. As he looks at each, a piece of the text
text: flashes up briefly in boldface:
dialog: "They speak all the tongues of Babel."
text: "Azazel goes by the left hand and has stolen the gift
dialog: of song."
dialog: "When they move as spirit, no man can resist."
text: Hobbes stops, shakes his head. What am I doing?
text: He notices an elderly CHINESE GENTLEMAN at the next table.
text: Hobbes stares at him, gets an idea. He reads again:
dialog: "They speak all the tongues of Babel."
text: Hobbes puts the book down. Hesitates. Walks over:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Excuse me, sir. Can you teach
dialog: me to say something in Chinese?
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. DAY.
text: Schwab hands a FAX to Jonesy. Behind Jonesy’s desk are photos
text: (living, dead) of Muskavich and Noons, their apartments, the
text: writing on the wall, etc.
text: Hobbes is examining the crime-scene photos, wondering about
text: what he’s just read. Maguire comes up:
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Hey hotshot, you still getting
dialog: weird calls?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (surprised:)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Maguire hands Hobbes some bills:
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Phone records for Muskavich and
dialog: Noons. There were calls to your
dialog: apartment around the time of the
dialog: killings.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Oh, that’s cute -
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Yeah. I know it don’t mean diddly,
dialog: but it sure makes ‘em nervous
dialog: upstairs.
text: Maguire walks away, and Hobbes turns to Jonesy. Thinks.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You know: I'm startin’ to lose
dialog: my sense of humor.
dialog: (notices FAX)
dialog: Whatchoo got?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Translation came in on the Aramaic.
dialog: Whattaya make of this shinola?
dialog: 
text: Hobbes takes the FAX. Simultaneously we read and hear, from
dialog: the videotape:
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.0.}
dialog: (dry, irritated)
dialog: Why’d you ask for me, I’m not a
dialog: priest.
speaker_heading: REESE (V.0.}
dialog: No.
dialog: (first in Aramaic, then cross-
dialog: fading into the translation:)
dialog: You're still pure. That’s why I
dialog: couldn't enter you. (CONT. }
text: INTERCUT: Hobbes’ face, his stunned reaction to this
text: translation, with a more distant POV: someone watching...
speaker_heading: REESE (V.0., CONT.)
dialog: And even when I can, even when I’m
dialog: spirit, I won’t. No. It’s better
dialog: I get you for real. I'll fuck you
text: up and down, left and right, coming
dialog: and going. (CONT.)
text: Hold on Hobbes‘ reaction to this, and then slowly, under the
text: v.0. that follows, the more distant POV MOVES, pulling back,
text: out a small window into an alley, where:
text: A CAT sits on the window sill, looking into the precinct. We
text: FOLLOW it as it jumps down from the window, jogs toward the
text: front of the building...
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: REESE (V.O., CONT.)
dialog: I'll get so close to you...so close
dialog: it breaks you. And if that doesn’t
dialog: work? Well... (CONT . }
text: The Cat reaches the entrance to the precinct and rubs against a
text: CAB DRIVER who’s paused by the door to crush his cigarette.
speaker_heading: REESE (V.O., CONT.)
dialog: I have other ways.
dialog: I have so many many ways...
text: The Cab Driver enters:
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. OUTER ROOM. DAY.
text: The Cab Driver walks to the front desk. As he goes, his hand
text: lightly brushes against a BLOND COP.
text: The Blond Cop goes past the main desk, through the door into:
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. SQUAD ROOM. DAY.
text: The Blond Cop heads for the Water cooler. He passes Tiffany,
text: touches her hair:
speaker_heading: BLOND COP
dialog: Hey, Tiff, looking cute today.
text: Tiffany nods thanks, goes to her desk. Before she reaches it,
text: the trainee, Schwab, comes up to her, hands her:
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: Another memo -
text: Their hands touch as she takes it. We realize with a chill:
text: we're watching Azazel move.
dialog: 
text: FOLLOW Schwab to Hobbes’ desk. Hobbes is still staring at the
text: FAX of the translation. He folds it up and mutters -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Fuck this shit.
text: - As Schwab hands him the memo. Hobbes tosses down his pen,
text: picks up the memo, starts to read -
text: Schwab sits on the edge of Hobbes’ desk. He’s doing something
text: odd: surreptitiously unbuttoning one cuff, pulling it down so
text: it covers his fingers.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: Hey, Hobbes, can you tell me
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Shoot.
text: Schwab leans across the desk - an oddly dominant posture for a
text: trainee. He's supporting his body with his shirtcuffed hand.
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: That Fax you got the other day.
dialog: (off Hobbes’ look)
dialog: The anonymous one, about Canada...
text: For one long instant, Schwab seems physically threatening to
text: Hobbes... Is he about to leap over the desk and attack him?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What about it?
text: The moment for Schwab to attack...passes.
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: It was directions, right...?
text: Now we see what Schwab is doing: While Hobbes looks at Schwab's
text: face, Schwab is picking up Hobbes’ pen with his shirt cuff.
speaker_heading: SCHWAB (CONT.)
text: Directions to someplace up in
dialog: the Lake District?
dialog: Hobbes is wary. What’s this line of questioning about?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah.
text: Schwab gets off the desk, stands back up.
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: It’s beautiful up there, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Uh-huh...
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
text: Miles and miles of water...
text: Hobbes nods.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 64
text: Out of Hobbes’ sight: Schwab folds a copy of the memo around
text: Hobbes’ pen.
speaker_heading: SCHWAB (CONT. )
dialog: I’m just curious. Why’d you go
dialog: up there?
text: Hobbes stares at him.
text: Schwab smiles. He’s backing up.
text: Hobbes suspects.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Why do you ask, Schwab?
text: Schwab's smile becomes overt, mocking...and to our astonishment
text: he starts to sing. Under his breath, just for Hobbes:
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: "Time...is on my side...
dialog: Yes it is..."
text: Freaky. Same song Reese sang at his execution.
text: Hobbes is stunned -
text: Schwab backs into Lou, their hands touching. Out of Hobbes’
text: vision: Lou takes the folded memo (with the pen) from Schwab’s
text: hand. And the song moves too:
speaker_heading: SCHWAB
dialog: "Time..."
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: " \..is on my side, Yes it is."
text: Hobbes knows he’s watching something weird.
text: Lou's walking away, bumps into a YOUNG BLACK COP named MIKE.
text: Hobbes sees the change in both of them after they touch.
text: And the song passes again:
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: "I’11 come runnin’ back...
dialog: I’ll come runnin’ back..."
text: Hobbes stands as Mike heads out toward the front desk -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey Mike -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 65
text: Too late. Mike goes through the door -
text: Hobbes moves quickly after him -
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. OUTER ROOM. DAY.
text: Hobbes rushes out, looks toward the exit door: no Mike -
dialog: Turns, sees:
text: Mike is behind the main desk.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Mike?
dialog: Mike turns:
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What’s the skin, Hobbesy?
dialog: Nothing strange there.
text: Hobbes looks toward the door -
text: Two people going out: a SOCIETY WOMAN 52, and a short man,
text: ALMOST A MIDGET.
text: The Almost-Midget turns back, looks at Hobbes, and grins.
text: Hobbes sprints after him -
scene_heading: EXT. PRECINCT. DAY.
text: Crowded street. Hobbes rushes out, looks one way, then the
text: other; can’t see, can't see; finally spots the Almost-Midget
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey! Hey you!
text: The Almost-Midget doesn’t seem to hear. Is he hurrying away?
text: Hobbes shakes his head frustrated, doesn’t know what to do -
dialog: An idea comes -
text: He stares after the Almost-Midget -
dialog: Shouts:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Wwa_je-dow Nee Shu-shay!
dialog: Wwa je-dow Nee Shu-shay!
text: SUBTITLES read: "I know who you are. I know who you are!"
text: The Almost Midget does not react, but, nearby:
text: The Society Woman turns her head -
dialog: Hobbes sees it -
text: Their eyes meet -
text: Frozen moment... It’s her. And he knows it. The Society
dialog: Woman _is Azazel.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (stunned; mutters)
dialog: Holy shit...
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY WOMAN
dialog: Mandarin. Very clever.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Thank you.
text: He approaches her.
text: She smiles. Makes no movement to flee. And we see: she's
text: holding the memo which covers Hobbes’ pen.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: I do know who you are.
text: She just looks at him. Defiantly. Doesn’t believe it._
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT. )
dialog: Azazel.
text: Her face shifts, fast like slides: surprise/disbelief/fury.
text: Her eyes small and red. Her voice savage and husky:
speaker_heading: SOCIETY WOMAN
dialog: Where‘d you get that, from
dialog: Milano‘s place?
dialog: There are some things, Pal, you
dialog: shouldn't know. And if you know,
dialog: you should never ever tell.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
text: She touches the FAT MAN next to her, who mutters to Hobbes:
speaker_heading: FAT MAN
dialog: Beware my wrath.
text: Hobbes blinks.
text: The Fat Man turns away, touches someone. Then quickly touches
dialog: someone else. We gather: the first person did not work.
text: We watch the demon move. And we see, though Hobbes does not,
text: that with each touch, the sheet of paper with the pen also
text: passes. One person bumps into another, another. In a matter
dialog: of seconds, the demon could be any one of a hundred people.
text: Hobbes stands there pondering what the Society Woman just said,
dialog: realizing: He made a mistake.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. DETECTIVES ROOM. MOMENTS LATER.
text: Hobbes on the phone, listening to a line ring. As he waits,
text: he’s searching his desk top -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: {to the room)
dialog: Hey, has anybody seen my pen?
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: GRETTA'S VOICE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: It's Hobbes. I saw it. It came
text: here. JI spoke its name aloud.
text: She says nothing.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Before I make another stupid mistake,
dialog: will you please have lunch with me?
dialog: (off her silence)
dialog: I need to know something.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDLE-EASTERN RESTAURANT. DAY.
text: Subtly, eerily: this is more than an establishing shot. This
text: is a warning. The restaurant is being watched.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: a
dialog: o
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE-EASTERN RESTAURANT. DAY.
text: Hobbes sits at a booth. The table is covered with appetizers.
text: He's looking out the window. It‘s lunch hour, and the sidewalk
text: outside is filled with people casually brushing against each
dialog: other. Any one of them could be the demon...
speaker_heading: GRETTA (0.S.)
dialog: Hi.
text: He looks up, sees her.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Thanks for coming.
text: She nods.
dialog: Sits.
dialog: Says nothing.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You don’t want to talk?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You're scared?
text: She looks warily around the restaurant - and nods again.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: But not too scared to keep doing
dialog: whatever you’re doing. You just
dialog: want to keep a low profile.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: (smiles, nods)
dialog: Thank you. (for seeing who I am)
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What else?
dialog: You’d like to help me, but you can’t.
text: Her voice comes so quietly we almost don’t hear it:
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: We're not supposed to know. We're
dialog: not supposed to see. Like the
dialog: mafia: they don’t even exist.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 69
text: Hobbes stares at her...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Can they be killed?
speaker_heading: GRETTA
text: (stares at him,
dialog: forcefully:)
dialog: Don‘t try it, okay?
text: He nods thoughtfully, not necessarily in response to her
text: question. He's looking her over...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You say you're scared, but I don’t
dialog: feel it, I don’t sense it -
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: I‘m also prepared.
dialog: (casually)
dialog: We all face death every day.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Tellin’ me.
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Can I ask you something personal?
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Everything is personal if you’re
dialog: a person.
dialog: He laughs -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Being..."prepared"...is that why
dialog: you live alone?
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: There’s a difference.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Between risking for yourself and
dialog: for someone else.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Go on.
text: She shoots him a look. He was right: These are the questions
dialog: that cross the line, and she must decide now whether to cross
dialog: that line with him...
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: If I had someone, I'd want to share:
dialog: my life, thoughts, my work. But if
dialog: I shared this, I‘d put them at risk.
dialog: I don’t have a right to do that.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You can talk to me.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: I don’t mean you have to. I don’t
dialog: mean there’s anything else tied to
dialog: it. Just: you can if you want to.
text: She hesitates, reaches across, almost touches his hand.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Thanks, maybe I will.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK. DAY.
text: We watch them from a distance. Though they themselves don’t
text: know it, they look like a couple. They’re walking, not quite
text: hand-in-hand, but there’s a naturalness between them, an
dialog: ease...
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE.
dialog: Now we hear what Gretta’s saying:
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: I keep thinking...hoping...well,
dialog: after what happened to my Dad,
dialog: maybe I'll have luck the other way.
dialog: Maybe one day, if I’m good and I
dialog: surround myself with their images:
dialog: maybe I’1ll see an angel.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (gentle, still skeptical)
dialog: That would be something.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: I always wonder...if they really
dialog: have wings.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. SLIGHTLY WIDER. MOVING.
text: Now their voices are just murmurs. We’re moving with them,
text: watching them through a speckled mass of bushes, branches.
dialog: This is the POV of the demon.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. PRECINCT. DAY.
text: From across the street:
text: Gretta nods, smiles, thanks Hobbes for a nice time. He goes
text: inside. We hear: someone whistling. And what he’s whistling
text: sends a chill up us, for it is the same EERIE TUNE that has
dialog: been playing each time the demon is around...
text: Gretta moves down the street.
text: The DEMON’S POV moves after her. He continues whistling.
text: MUSIC underscores the tune...
text: Gretta’s strolling happily, looking in windows, enjoying time
dialog: outside of time.
text: DEMON’S POV moves diagonally across the street, to her side.
text: Moving quickly now, closing ground.
text: She stops to look in a store window...
text: The CAMERA gains more ground, then has to stop, because Gretta
text: can see the Demon, peripheral vision. The whistling ceases.
text: THE CAMERA turns, looks into another shop window (lingerie?)...
text: HOLD a beat, then PAN AGAIN:
text: Gretta’s back on the move.
text: The CAMERA follows, slowly at first, then closing quickly,
dialog: ominously -
text: Now only a few feet away -
text: A FINAL SURGE. A rush, an attack -
text: We pass a store window with signs: SALE!
text: A glint of steel as the Demon rushes forward -
dialog: We wince, want to cry out a warning -
text: A KNIFE flashes forward -
text: AT THE INSTANT OF IMPACT:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
text: Gretta turns into the store -
dialog: 
text: She’s going into a revolving door -
text: The knife gets caught in the door. It’s pinned, then wrenched
text: sideways and thrown to the ground.
text: Gretta is now in one revolving section, the knife in the next
dialog: section.
text: The CAMERA hesitates, looks through the door: a half-dozen
text: shoppers inside, milling around.
text: The CAMERA pushes forward, into the revolving door... The
text: demon is entering the store.
text: But as the demon enters, the CAMERA stays outside, pans down:
text: the revolving door comes back around...and delivers the butcher
text: knife back out onto the sidewalk.
scene_heading: INT. STORE. DAY.
text: The CAMERA enters as the demon, then swings laterally and pulls
text: back, so it’s NO LONGER THE DEMON‘S POV...
text: We see everyone in the store, including Gretta. Because of the
text: way the shoppers are milling around, we can‘t tell which person
text: the demon is occupying.
dialog: 
text: A couple of people move close to Gretta as she stands at the
text: counter. One bumps idly against her, then another. Is this
text: the demon’s_ touch??? Behind them:
text: A PUDGY OLD WOMAN WITH THICK GLASSES (think Hitchcock) enters
dialog: the store holding the butgher knife. uo
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (concerned)
text: This was on the sidewalk outside.
dialog: Did anyone...does anyone...
text: Gretta sees the knife, realizes she may be in danger -
text: She glances around at. the other shoppers -
text: They all look perfectly innocent.
text: Gretta eases toward the door.
text: As Gretta goes by, The Old Woman (now holding the butcher knife
text: by the handle, as an assailant would) gives her a sweet smile.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 73
text: A THIN WOMAN makes a sudden movement, putting herself in
text: Gretta’s path, a collision is inevitable -
text: Like a halfback avoiding a tackler, Gretta arches her body,
text: slips past the Thin Woman -
text: The Thin Woman grabs the man (MOUSTACHE) in front of her -
text: He lunges after Gretta -
text: She’s rushing to the revolving door -
text: He's right behind her, reaching for her -
text: She pushes the revolving door -
text: Mustache is about to touch her -
text: The revolving door moves -
text: But his hand is in her section -
dialog: 
text: It stops the door.
text: His HAND, inches from her, wiggling like a squashed bug -
text: His FACE, smiling at her -
speaker_heading: MOUSTACHE
dialog: Who are you?
text: She shoves the revolving door. It won’t budge.
text: His hand strains toward her...
speaker_heading: MOUSTACHE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Just tell me who you are.
text: She pushes again, with every ounce of her strength...
text: The door starts to move.
text: His hand is still in her compartment .
text: She glances back as she pushes, sees:
text: His face pressed against the glass, contorted in laughter or
dialog: pain -
text: She pushes harder, frantic -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
scene_heading: EXT. STORE. DAY.
text: She exits the revolving door, into heavy pedestrian traffic -
text: Mustache emerges after her, throwing people rudely aside -
text: She's shorter, thinner, weaves like a halfback -
text: A cab. Someone getting out, about to close the door -
dialog: She jumps in -
text: Moustache leaps after her -
text: She slams the door -
scene_heading: INT. CAB. DAY.
text: His hand lands - SMACK! - on her window.
text: She jams down on the lock -
text: His fingers are spread over the glass, his face grinning -
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Drive!
text: The CABBIE peels out. She looks back through the rear window:
text: Moustache is smiling and waving after her like he’s her friend.
text: The hand he’s waving is the one that was caught in the door.
text: It is broken and flopping slightly.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. SQUAD ROOM. DAY.
text: Hobbes sits at his desk staring at Reese‘s photo.
text: A shadow falls over him. Spooky.
text: He looks up quickly, sees:
text: Tiffany. She gestures with her head: that way.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. MAGUIRE'S OFFICE. DAY.
text: Maguire sits behind his desk. Somehow it feels larger, more
text: judicial. Hobbes sticks his head in the door.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You wanted to see me?
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Yeah, yeah, come in.
text: Hobbes enters, sits. Fiddles with his quarters.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: So. How ya doing?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: That‘s good.
dialog: These murders got you wound up?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Bag the chocolates, Maguire.
dialog: What’s goin’ on?
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Where were you when Muskavich
dialog: and Noons got killed?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Where was I?
dialog: (amused)
dialog: What, I'm a suspect?
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Not to me you’re not, but...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What’s this, the phone records?
dialog: I’d do that, wouldn't I?, if I
dialog: was the killer, I’d call home to
dialog: talk to myself and plant evidence
dialog: against me?
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: (shrugs, doesn’t like this)
dialog: Maybe you'd phone your brother or -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Oh, right. "Art, I just killed
dialog: someone, and I’m hungry. Fix me a
dialog: burger, huh?"
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: There’s something else, Hobbes.
dialog: Prints.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: .-My prints?
text: Maguire stares.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: On what?
text: Maguire looks at Hobbes’s hands.
text: Hobbes looks down himself, opens his palm: two quarters.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Quarters? You found quarters with
dialog: ...(my prints?) But... Somebody
dialog: could've picked my pocket, or...or
dialog: when I bought something...
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Yeah, but you know how we always
dialog: said this could be a cop?
text: Hobbes nods warily.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE (CONT.)
dialog: Well, it’s startin’ to look
dialog: embarrassing.
dialog: Do us both a favor, huh? Save
dialog: your ass and solve this thing.
scene_heading: EXT. PRECINCT. DAY.
text: Hobbes walks thoughtfully to his car.
text: As he puts the key in, he notices a piece of paper folded under
text: his windshield wiper. Some kind of flyer?
text: He takes it, opens it. Z00M IN on the print as we hear,
dialog: softly:
scene_heading: SOCIETY LADY'S VOICE
dialog: They didn’t crucify him because
dialog: he was bad. I just had to convince
dialog: a few people he was bad.
text: Hobbes whirls around to see if anybody's watching him. No.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: V7
text: Looks back at the paper. Stares. Crumples it. Freaked out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. V. LARGE DRUG STORE. DAY.
text: Hobbes gets out of his car, heads for the pay phone.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Hobbes on the phone as a voice answers -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey Loosh, I’m outside. You got
dialog: time for a consultation?
scene_heading: INT. DRUG STORE. REAR PHARMACY AREA. DAY.
text: Hobbes sits in back with Lucius, who we met on the basketball
text: court. Lucius wears a white pharmacist’s coat and is filling
text: two prescriptions, one with each hand.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: gH, my man. Welcome to the candy
dialog: store.
text: His eyes do a fast scan of the area. Like a juggler, he tosses
text: one of the pills toward his face. Like a lizard, he sticks out
text: his tongue and snags it. Gulp. So smooth and fast: did it
dialog: really happen?
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Prozac: so good. So what’s what?
dialog: (before Hobbes can reply)
dialog: I know, nobody left downtown knows
dialog: jack about jack so you gotta quiz
dialog: Lucius, right? What’s the bag?, rare
dialog: toxins? Some new synth narcotic?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I’m not here on drugs, Loosh.
dialog: You were alone once. Chasing
dialog: someone twice as good as you, twice
dialog: as smart, no clues. You went out -
dialog: too far - but you got him.
text: Lucius’ act has imploded. This is the last thing he wants to
text: talk about. He mutters:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Mosher.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: How? How'd you find him?
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (to end conversation:)
dialog: Luck.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: It wasn’t luck. (It broke you.)
dialog: Good luck doesn’t break somebody.
speaker_heading: LucIUS
dialog: (almost nasty)
dialog: Close your eyes, JH. Smell. Hear.
dialog: Feel. You sense him near, hit out.
dialog: But always to the side. Oblique.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What the hell does that mean?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: A great criminal’s like a genius,
dialog: man. You can’t beat Einstein at
dialog: relativity. If he’s got genius, you
dialog: gotta admire it, go with it, use it.
dialog: Hobbes considers this.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS (CONT. )
dialog: Greatness destroys, know what I'm
dialog: talkin’?
text: Lucius juggles four pills and catches them: two in “each
text: canister.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT BUILDING. EVENING.
text: Hobbes walks from his car toward the apartment building.
speaker_heading: SAM (0.S.)
dialog: Hi Une.
text: Surprised, Hobbes looks around, sees Sam up in a tree with
text: Toby. Sam smiles at Hobbes and waves.
text: Hobbes waves back, slows for a second as though disturbed by a
text: thought he cannot quite articulate...and goes on.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 79
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT. EVENING.
text: Hobbes comes in, hears the shower running, goes into his room.
dialog: Everything about his attitude says: the day is over, now I’m
dialog: home and I can relax. And of course this attitude tells us:
text: things just appear ordinary. Something is about to happen.
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ BEDROOM. EVENING.
text: Hobbes takes off his jacket, starts to unbutton his shirt...
text: He stops. Looks around the room. Something’s bothering him,
text: he doesn’t know what it is. Slowly his eyes scan the room...
text: And come to rest on his desk.
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES‘ APARTMENT. LIVING ROOM. EVENING.
text: Hobbes comes out of his room, sees Art moving down the hall in
text: his bathrobe. He has a towel around his head and is drying his
text: hair, his face...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey Art, you didn’t move my address
dialog: book, did you?
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Have you seen my address book?
text: Art shakes his head, nervously, tries to move past Hobbes.
text: Something's strange. Art is holding his towel over his. right
text: eye. He’s not drying his face, he’s covering his eye.
text: Hobbes stops Art, gently pulls the towel down, revealing:
text: Art has a black eye.
text: He blinks, musters the best face he can...
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: I fell.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: what?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: I fell or something.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Art... People don’t fall down
dialog: and hurt their eye.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: They don’t?
text: Hobbes shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Ooh.
dialog: (his face works, nervously)
dialog: Well...something...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: It's okay, say it.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: It's...Sammy. He hit me.
text: On Hobbes‘ face. Blinking, realizing...
scene_heading: EXT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT BUILDING. EVENING. (FLASHBACK)
text: Reprise the moment we just saw, Hobbes coming home. Only now
dialog: there’s different music and we notice different things:
speaker_heading: SAM (0.S.)
dialog: Hi Unc.
text: Sam's tone of voice is slightly mocking.
text: Hobbes, looks, sees Sam.
text: Sam is smiling down from the tree. But now his smile has a
text: slightly superior, slightly sinister quality.
text: He waves - with his left hand. And in his right hand he’s
dialog: holding: Hobbes' address book.
text: BACK TO SCENE.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: He didn’t mean to, Johnny.
dialog: Really. It was an accident.
text: But Hobbes is already sprinting toward the apartment door -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 81
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT BUILDING. HALL. EVENING.
text: Hobbes tears into the hall -
text: Bumps right into Sam -
text: Grabs him, yanks him up hard to look him in the eye -
text: Bewilderment and fear on Sam’s face; Hobbes is a little rough,
dialog: out of control -
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Uncle John?
text: Hobbes sees that Sam is now clear of the demon
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Where's Toby?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ahh. Still outside, I guess.
text: Hobbes drops Sam and sprints away, down the hall
scene_heading: EXT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT BUILDING. EVENING.
text: Hobbes runs out of the building, sees:
text: Toby sitting on the hood of a car reading Hobbes’ address book.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Leave them alone!
text: Toby smiles, which of course makes Hobbes even more enraged:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Leave my family alone!
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Why? You come after me, I come
dialog: after you and yours.
text: Enraged, Hobbes runs toward him -
text: Toby runs too - with the speed of youth.
text: Hobbes sprinting as fast as he can -
text: Toby’s going even faster. He swerves into the street, weaving
text: recklessly through traffic -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 82
text: Hobbes watches, alarmed -
text: Cars honk and hit their brakes - but Toby is smooth, fearless.
text: He makes it across.
text: A SCRAWNY MAN has stopped to watch Toby’s dare-deviling. Toby
text: runs near him, lunges, grabs his arm.
text: The Scrawny man moves away, and Toby stops to catch his breath.
text: Hobbes passes him. Like a concerned parent:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Go home, Toby.
text: Up ahead, the Scrawny Man reaches in the open window of a big
text: American car, unlocking the door. He gets in -
text: Hobbes walks toward the car.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Facing the American car. In the right side of the frame:
text: Hobbes is walking toward the car. °
text: Left side of frame: the Scrawny Man opens the glove
text: compartment, sets something on the dash. He rips open his
text: shirt and hunches over; he’s doing something we can’t see -
text: Hobbes getting nearer, nearer -
text: The Scrawny Man working on his chest. Something glints on the
text: dashboard. What he placed there: a pistol.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: SHOCK. The Scrawny Man leaps out, fires at Hobbes
text: Hobbes jumps to one side -
text: Scrawny Man keeps shooting
text: Hobbes falls, rolls behind a parked car, draws his gun
dialog: Silence.
text: Hobbes gets up, crouches. He’s unharmed.
text: He peeks out, instantly pulls back...
text: Then looks out again:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 83
text: The Scrawny Man is standing in the middle of the street.
text: His pistol is pointed at the ground.
text: His face is curiously blank.
speaker_heading: SCRAWNY MAN
dialog: What's a matter, pal, (you) afraid
dialog: to fight me?
dialog: Hobbes thinks.
dialog: Composes himself.
text: Steps out from behind the car.
text: Face to face. Gunfight on Elm Street.
text: The Scrawny Man's face curls into a smile.
speaker_heading: SCRAWNY MAN
dialog: I knew you’d come out.
dialog: I know you, Hobbes.
dialog: I know who you are.
dialog: {contemptuously)
dialog: Wwa_je-dow Nee Shu-shay!
text: Hobbes reacts to the Mandarin -
text: The Scrawny Man starts to slowly raise his gun. Very slowly.
text: A long suspended moment. Should Hobbes kill the demon or...
text: The Scrawny Man's gun is rising slowly, inevitably...
text: Then his arm jerks up, aiming -
text: Hobbes whips his own gun up, fires -
text: The Scrawny Man spins, falls.
text: Lies motionless.
text: Hobbes comes tentatively toward the body...
text: Looks down at it. A collapsed hunk of flesh.
text: Hobbes squats, feels the neck: no pulse.
text: He sighs with relief and almost a smile, believing he has
dialog: killed the demon.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: OVERHEAD CAMERA
text: On the Scrawny Man...then rising...floating up...moving to the
text: sidewalk. ALL SOUND CEASES. We've seen this camera move
text: before, at Reese's execution.
dialog: 
text: ‘The CAMERA COMES TO REST ABOVE a TEENAGE GIRL, 16, who's been
text: watching the scene. The CAMERA SWOOPS DOWN ONTO HER FACE:
scene_heading: She LAUGHS MALICIOUSLY -
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Hobbes spins, looks at the Teenage Girl. A realization coming
dialog: to him. No, it can’t be. But it is:
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: Wake up, Hobbes.
dialog: My spirit’s not that easy to kill.
text: She skips happily away.
text: Hobbes stares after her in horror...rage...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey!
text: She keeps going.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (very strong)
dialog: Hey you!!!
text: She turns casually, almost amused -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Why don’t you just kill me?! -
text: She looks surprised he can even ask. Isn‘t it obvious?
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: (feigning injury)
dialog: But...I‘m still having fun.
dialog: (subdued, vicious)
dialog: Aren‘t you still having fun?
text: She turns and goes.
text: Hobbes stares after her...
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 8s
scene_heading: SAME LOCATION. MINUTES LATER.
text: Cops swarm. Jonesy is interviewing a DIGNIFIED BLACK MAN who’s
text: saying the Scrawny Man fired first. Maguire talks to Hobbes:
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: We got a weird situation here.
dialog: Seems like you're kinda
dialog: specializing in weird situations,
dialog: and that in itself is getting a
dialog: little weird, huh?
dialog: (looks at corpse)
dialog: The guy was a schoolteacher.
dialog: We know he fired first, witnesses
text: corroborate, but his gun was filled
text: with blanks.
dialog: Plus: he got the gun outta someone
dialog: else’s car.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: It was all a set up.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: He set it up for you to kill him?
speaker_heading: JONESY (0.S.)
dialog: Now it’s letters.
dialog: They turn, see:
text: On the schoolteacher’s chest, in magic marker: The letters EZ.
text: They stare at it, bewildered.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: "Easy." He’s sending me some
dialog: kind of message.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: The killer’s sending you a message?
dialog: Hobbes? This time you are the
dialog: killer.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Sort of.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: No fucking "sort of!" No breaks!
dialog: No benefit of the doubt! We're
dialog: goin’ back to the precinet, huh?
dialog: Off Hobbes -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGUIRE’S OFFICE. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes sits facing Maguire and Lou.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: That's all you can say? You were
dialog: chasing this teacher ‘cause he
dialog: stole your address book?
text: Hobbes nods.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: As you know, you have to turn in
dialog: your gun till we get a formal
dialog: inquiry.
text: Hobbes stares at Maguire.
text: Someone knocks at the door. Lou goes.
text: Hobbes takes out his gun with two fingers (mimicking a suspect
text: carefully giving up a weapon) and drops it on Maguire's desk.
text: Lou is whispering with someone at the door.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (to Maguire)
dialog: You want my badge too? -
text: Maguire shakes his head. Lou moves away from the door.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: I don’t exactly like this, Hobbes.
text: Lou whispers to Maguire. Maguire thinks.
text: As Lou leaves the room:
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: I understand you lost your pen, huh?
dialog: you were lookin’ around yesterday
dialog: for your pen?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 87
text: Hobbes thinks for a split-second -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You found it?
dialog: {off Maguire’s silence)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
text: In that schoolteacher’s pocket.
text: Hobbes nods. Stands.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Unless you're gonna charge me
dialog: with planting evidence against
dialog: myself, I’m gonna go.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Go.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes exits Maguire’s office.
text: The precinct is empty except for Jonesy, working at his desk.
text: Hobbes stares at Jonesy. A Quintessential Cop: 55, overweight,
text: corrupt yet incorruptible. Puffing away on his cigarette.
text: Hobbes walks over, sits on his desk. Thinks. Watches:
text: Maguire exits his office, turns out the light, and goes.
text: Hobbes walks to the coffee machine, pours two cups.
text: He returns, dropping one cup off on Jonesy’s desk.
text: Jonesy nods thanks, keeps working.
text: Hobbes sits again on his desk.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: {w/o looking up)
dialog: Hey.
text: Beat. Hobbes waves Jonesy’s smoke away from his face.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Jonesy?
dialog: What‘s the point of life?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: The point?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Of life?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Don’t worry ‘bout that teacher.
dialog: It was a clean shoot.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: It’s not that. I’m really asking.
text: Jonesy nods. Considers it.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: The point is: we catch bad guys.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Not good enough.
text: Jonesy shrugs, goes back to work.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: Okay, shoot me for talking like this.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Hey, it‘s two in the morning, you
dialog: can talk any weird shit you want.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Good. ‘Cause...
dialog: What're we doing here, man? Why do
dialog: we exist?, why does anything exist?
dialog: Us, birds, trees, water -
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Could be God, Hobbes.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah, could be, but I have a hard
dialog: time believing we’re part of some
text: huge moral experiment conducted by a
dialog: being greater than we are. A being
dialog: greater than we are shouldn’t give a
dialog: shit about us. Five billion human
dialog: beings?? We’re like ants, man! Do
dialog: we care what ants do, from a moral
dialog: standpoint?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (an easy one)
dialog: Ants? No.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: But if there’s no God, how’d we get
dialog: here? See what I’m saying? Go back
dialog: to the beginning, the very beginning
dialog: of time, the big bang or whatever
dialog: you wanna call it.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Okay, I’m with you, the beginning.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Right. Now what came before?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Nothing. It’s the beginning.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: No no, sorry. Something as big as
dialog: the universe doesn’t just appear
dialog: out of nowhere; somebody or some
dialog: thing had to start it. It’s like:
dialog: even if there is a God...who made
dialog: God?
text: Jonesy stares at Hobbes, puffs on his cigarette...
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: I’m followin’ you, Hobbes...but
dialog: I'm losin’ you at the same time.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I know, I know -
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Are we headed somewheres here, or...
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: That’s what I’m asking you.
dialog: If there’s a purpose to life,
dialog: we better figure it out.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Maybe you figure it, you die.
dialog: (snaps fingers)
dialog: Heart attack, stroke. Like: if you
dialog: know what's what, you aren’t allowed
dialog: to stick around anymore; you get
dialog: promoted.
text: Hobbes nods. What Jonesy’s saying makes an odd kind of sense.
speaker_heading: JONESY (CONT. )
dialog: Meanwhile: Dolores says we're
dialog: here to do one thing.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: One thing?
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Different. It’s different for
dialog: everybody. Hers is lasagna.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: One thing, not two?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Maybe two, I don’t know. It’s
dialog: just her opinion, Hobbes. It’s
dialog: like: a moment comes, you either
dialog: do the right thing or the wrong.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: How do you know when the moment
dialog: comes?
text: Hobbes’ phone rings.
text: They both look at it.
text: It rings again. The same thought has come to both of them:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Like: this could be it for me?
dialog: (My moment?)
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: There’s the beauty (of it), Hobbes:
dialog: you never know.
text: Hobbes looks at the phone, looks at Jonesy...
dialog: Picks it up:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: John Hobbes.
text: Silence. Hobbes shakes his head, mutters into the receiver:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey look, I’m not in the mood -
speaker_heading: GRETTA’S VOICE
dialog: I can’t believe you‘re there.
dialog: It’s Gretta. I just... I wanted
dialog: to see if you’re okay. I talked
dialog: to your brother -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I killed somebody, Gretta.
dialog: (softly, so Jonesy
dialog: can’t hear)
dialog: I was trying to kill the demon,
dialog: and I shot a teacher.
speaker_heading: GRETTA’S VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry, John.
dialog: I'm truly sorry.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Well: you warned me.
speaker_heading: GRETTA’S VOICE
dialog: I tried to, but -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: Azazel can move after his host body
dialog: dies? .
speaker_heading: GRETTA’S VOICE
text: Yes. A short distance, a short time.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: But he can be killed?
speaker_heading: GRETTA’S VOICE
dialog: He must be. ...And I’m afraid you
dialog: and I are supposed to do it.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 92
text: He shakes his head. This is too much.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Gretta...I’m just a cop, okay?
dialog: I'm only a cop.
text: He hangs up, looks at Jonesy...
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: I'm going home to sleep, and I’m
dialog: gonna sleep all weekend, and
dialog: nothin’ better wake me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: Dark, quiet, peaceful...
text: Hobbes’ gasping face hurties up into frame. Nightmare.
text: He looks around. Blinking, nervous.
text: Everything’s fine. Windows closed, moon shining outside; clock
text: reads 4:30. He heaves a sigh and curls up, tries to sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ BEDROOM. MORNING.
text: He wakes to sunshine, the sound of birds; his curtains billow
text: gently in the morning breeze...
text: He stretches, sighs. He’s feeling better.
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES‘ BATHROOM. MORNING.
text: He washes his face.
text: He brushes his teeth.
text: He turns on the shower.
text: He pulls off his t-shirt and feels the water temperature: it’s
dialog: fine.
text: He turns back toward the mirror, starts to bend down to remove
dialog: his boxer shorts -
text: Stops.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 93
text: Face goes white.
text: Slowly he stands again.
text: Turns to face the mirror:
text: On his chest is written the letter E.
text: Massive adrenalin hit.
text: Re hurtles out of the bathroom, sees:
text: The open window, curtains moving. It was closed last night.
text: Hobbes goes to his dresser, takes a pistol from the top drawer.
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES‘ APARTMENT. LIVING ROOM. MORNING.
text: Hobbes‘ door eases open, he emerges. Looks, sees:
text: Everything seems normal. Sam sits on the floor in his pajamas.
text: He's watching Saturday morning cartoons and playing with a
dialog: bunch of toy cars -
text: Hobbes hides the pistol: from Sam’s view.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sure.
text: Hobbes heaves a small sigh of relief.
text: Sam is making car engine noises.
text: Hobbes looks around for Art or for other signs of disturbance.
dialog: Sees nothing unusual.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey.
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: What were you doing last night?
text: Hobbes stops. The question sends him into a weird
dialog: psychological torque...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (flat)
dialog: How do you mean?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You were doin’ something funny,
dialog: you were tickling me.
text: (as Hobbes stares,
dialog: paralyzed)
text: Tickling my chest.
text: Like someone forced to confront a horrible fate, Hobbes walks
text: slowly over to Sam.
dialog: Hesitates.
text: Unbuttons the boy’s pajama top.
text: Printed on Sam’s chest in magic marker are the letters: KI.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: {still playful, amused)
dialog: Why'd you write that?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (strangled voice)
dialog: I guess...I was trying to remind
dialog: myself: there’s something I gotta
dialog: do.
dialog: (suddenly realizes:)
dialog: Where’s your Dad?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: In the bedroom.
text: He’s a sleepy head.
text: Hobbes whips his head around, looks at the clock: 9:30.
text: At this sight, Hobbes knows.
scene_heading: INT. ART & SAM‘S ROOM. MORNING.
text: Shades drawn; just a little light spills in.
text: Silhouette. Art lies on his side, turned away from the door,
text: away from Hobbes.
text: Hobbes enters frame, comes around the bed, kneels. He can see
dialog: Art's face and we can’t.
text: He touches Art‘s neck, feeling for a pulse...
text: The angle of Hobbes’ head drops slightly.
text: He gently pulls down the covers.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 95
text: He slowly opens Art’s pajamas and looks at his chest.
text: SMASH IN TO CLOSE ON ART’S CHEST, the letters: EL.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: Hobbes pulls the covers back up, as he found them.
text: He kisses Art’s head...stands...walks out of the shot.
text: From this distance and angle it still looks like Art is
text: sleeping peacefully.
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ APARTMENT. DAY.
text: Hobbes closes the door gently behind him. He's carrying some
text: of Sam‘s clothes.
text: As he crosses the room, somehow he pulls himself together.
text: Says gently, without hint of his internal disturbance:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: We gotta get dressed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOBBES’ BUILDING. HALL. DAY.
text: Hobbes is carrying a small duffle for Sam. As they walk:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where’re we goin’?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: .-.I’m not sure.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: It‘s a surprise?
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Why aren’t we taking my Dad?
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Is he okay?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: He needs some extra sleep.
dialog: Beat.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 96
scene_heading: EXT. HOBBES’ STREET. DAY.
text: Two COPS in a green car watch Hobbes drive out of the basement
text: garage. One of them picks up his radio mike:
speaker_heading: FIRST COP
dialog: He's leaving. Should we pick him
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE (ON RADIO)
dialog: I don’t have the warrant yet.
dialog: Just tail him.
text: The First Cop hangs up the mike as the other Cop pulls out and
text: follows Hobbes’ car, which is going slowly down the street..
text: Suddenly Hobbes makes a right turn, speeds down an incline into
dialog: a basement parking garage -
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Hobbes comes out the other side of the parking garage into a
text: narrow alley and rams the accelerator.
text: THE CAMERA STARTS TO RISE...higher...higher...as Hobbes criss-
text: crosses the neighborhood, going through alleys and driveways
dialog: and parking garages...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ETHNIC NEIGHBORHOOD. DAY.
text: Hobbes pulls into a yellow zone next to a subway stop. Hobbes
text: jumps out, Sam scrambles across the seat, gets out Hobbes’
dialog: side. ~
text: THE CAMERA STARTS TO PAN as Hobbes and Sam go down the subway
text: stairs, KEEPS PANNING to a store window filled with Tvs...
text: ON TV: The Schoolteacher's body lying in the street. WITNESSES
text: talking. A photo of HOBBES. The news "headline" reads: "New
dialog: Witnesses Say Cop Murdered Teacher."
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR. DAY.
text: Hobbes sits with Sam, feeling relieved. Gives the boy a hug.
text: A SMALL POLISH WOMAN across the way is staring at Hobbes.
text: When he notices, she glances quickly away -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 97
text: The subway rolls on, a moment passes...
text: Hobbes sees: Over the Polish Woman’s head is a religious
text: advertisement: a Biblical quotation citing Chapter and verse.
text: He stares at this.
dialog: Blinks.
text: Fumbles in his pocket for pen and paper.
dialog: Writes:
speaker_heading: 7 #%S-6 EZ E RI EL
text: A beat, then he adds:
dialog: Ezekiel 7, 5-6
text: He’s stunned.
text: The Polish Woman whispers to the MIDDLE-AGED NURSE sitting next
text: to her. The Nurse glances at Hobbes, shrugs...
text: Hobbes sees this. Looks down the row of people across the way.
text: Most are reading the paper or staring off blankly. But ten
text: yards down A SHORT MAN is also staring. Something is up.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (whispers to Sam)
dialog: Don‘t stand up, but we’re
text: getting off at the next stop.
text: Sam nods, pleased; to him this feels like a game.
text: The train rolls into the station.
text: Hobbes holds Sam’s hand, keeping him seated as OTHER PASSENGERS
text: stand up and approach the doors.
text: A COLLEGE COUPLE sits across the way. The Girl is now glancing
text: subtly at Hobbes...
text: The subway doors open, people get out...
text: Hobbes waits.
dialog: Other people get in...
text: Finally: Hobbes squeezes Sam's hand -
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 98
text: They get up quickly and slip through the closing doors -
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION. PLATFORM. DAY.
text: Hobbes and Sam come out, turn to the right -
text: A COP is twenty feet away. He looks at Hobbes -
text: Hobbes turns Sam gracefully the other direction and they walk:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: Fast but not too fast.
text: Sam nods. Hobbes hears footsteps approach from behind. His
text: mind races as he tries to figure out what to do...
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (unsure of the i.d.)
dialog: Excuse me? Sir?
text: Hobbes whirls, punches -
text: Connects to the chin -
dialog: The Cop falls -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Run!
text: Hobbes and Sam sprint down the platform, out the exit doors, as
text: OTHER PASSENGERS watch in astonishment.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY STATION. DAY.
text: Hobbes and Sam run up the stairs. When they reach the top,
text: they turn right and start to walk.
text: At the corner is a bus. Hobbes glances casually back toward
dialog: the subway: no one’s coming.
text: They board the bus.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC PARK. DAY.
text: A big park, in a lousy neighborhood. Clumps of trees and
text: bushes. -Hobbes and Sam are hiding in a dense thicket. Hobbes
text: keeps a close look-out: watching the park, the street, the
text: vacant lot across the street...
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Okay, this is what it is. You
dialog: saw the police are after me.
dialog: They think I did something bad.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I'm really not sure.
dialog: Whatever it is, I didn’t do it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (nods thoughtfully)
dialog: I saw that once, on a show.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah.
text: There's nothing more to say. Sam has completely accepted his
text: word. He ruffles the boy’s hair:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You want something to eat?
scene_heading: MINUTES LATER.
text: Sam stands on the sidewalk near the vacant lot, buying two hot
text: dogs and a coke from a STREET VENDER.
text: Hobbes is in the bushes, keeping an eye on the boy.
text: But slowly his focus changes.
text: He’s looking past Sam, at the vacant lot: THREE HOMELESS MEN
text: cooking something over a large fire. Surrounding the fire is
text: an area 10 yards wide where grass is burned from similar fires.
text: Hobbes stares at it, mutters:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: Scorched earth.
text: His mind is racing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER BY THE PARK. DAY.
text: Hobbes is in a phone booth. He keeps a vigilant eye on
text: everyone in the vicinity. Sam crouches nearby, standing guard.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: . HOBBES
dialog: Lucius? Hobbes.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS’ VOICE
dialog: Jesus, man. You’re ail over the
dialog: news -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: So I gather.
dialog: {looking around)
dialog: I can’t talk long. Lemme tell
dialog: you want I want.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP. NIGHT.
text: Moving shadows. Hobbes and Sam slip from the roof of one
text: building onto the roof of another.
text: Hobbes looks around nervously.
text: Starts down the fire escape.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes and Sam come down onto a landing, look in, see Gretta in
text: her pajamas.
text: Hobbes knocks on the window.
text: She whirls, frightened.
text: Sees him.
dialog: Is relieved, and yet...
text: She approaches the window with a touch of trepidation.
text: He sees it.
text: She reaches the window. She’s still uncertain whether to undo
text: the security lock and open it the rest of the way.
text: Hobbes sticks his hand through the open window. The gesture
text: is - curiously, horribly - reminiscent of the man with the
text: Moustache reaching for her.
dialog: But of course it means something completely different. Touch
dialog: me. Trust me. Trust I’m not bearing the demon.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 101
text: She smiles almost wistfully.
text: Looks at his face...
text: Raises her hand...
text: Their palms meet. Joined.
dialog: Hold.
text: Their eyes are joined too.
text: She undoes the security catch,
text: As Hobbes helps the boy inside:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Gretta, this is Sam.
text: She smiles, instantly at the kid’s level:
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Hi Sam.
text: Sam grins at her. She glances at:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Can I see your Bible?
scene_heading: MINUTES LATER.
text: Hobbes leafs through the Bible...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Ezekiel...
dialog: {finding it)
dialog: Chapter 7, verses 5 and...
dialog: "And mine eye shali not spare thee,
dialog: neither will I have pity: but I will
dialog: recompense thy ways upon thee, and
dialog: thine abominations shall be in the
dialog: midst of thee: and ye shall know
dialog: that I am the LORD.
dialog: Thus saith the LORD GOD: An evil,
dialog: an only evil, behold, it is come."
text: He lowers the book, somewhat stunned.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
text: Azazel. An age of darkness.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (nods)
dialog: It‘s coming.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: No. It's already begun.
text: Hobbes nods again. Stares at Sam, who‘s having a snack, and
text: blinks. Comes back to reality, back to what he must do:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: Azazel wrote on Sam's chest.
dialog: Unless I do something, he’s next.
scene_heading: MINUTES LATER.
text: Sam sits on the floor. Sweet classical music plays. Gretta is
text: taking down small glass figurines, angels for him to play with.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Now these are the great angels:
text: Michael, and Raphael, and Metatron.
dialog: And this is Chochma, he’s very
dialog: wise...Sandalphon: very tall, don’t
dialog: you think?...and of course Shekinah:
dialog: she’s a personal favorite of mine
dialog: ‘cause she’s a girl.
dialog: Sam laughs -
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: Which one do you like best?
text: He smiles. His eyes are dancing.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. MOMENTS LATER.
text: Sam is now playing with the angels, making them fly and kiss
text: each other, acting out some child’s fantasy...
text: Gretta and Hobbes watch from across the room. This is their
dialog: first real chance to talk:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Tell me what's in the news.
text: She reacts. Hadn’t wanted to say anything, but since he asked:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: They found your brother this
dialog: afternoon.
text: He nods, pained.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: And that teacher? Yesterday? Two
dialog: new witnesses say you shot first
dialog: and you planted his gun.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah. I’m public enemy number one.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Just like my Dad.
text: Meaning she knows he’s being framed. He smiles gratefully.
text: At least she still has faith in him.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: So it’s okay?, we can stay here?
text: She nods. Of course.
speaker_heading: _ HOBBES
dialog: He’1l take the couch, I’1l take
dialog: the rug.
text: She looks at him...considers it...
text: Shakes her head.
scene_heading: INT. HER BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: She lies in the bed, watching him.
text: He's taking off his clothes, down to t-shirt and boxer shorts.
text: Gets in next to her.
text: Beat. She decides something.
text: Under the covers, she takes off her pajamas, drops them by the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What’re you doing?
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: I want to hold you.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 104
dialog: Beat.
text: He takes off his t-shirt and boxers, drops them.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: That's better.
text: They embrace.
text: The CAMERA RISES slowly to the wall, the image of an ANGEL.
text: The Angel's mouth is open as though crying out in ecstasy...
speaker_heading: GRETTA (V.0.)
dialog: Near as I can figure, we're
dialog: vessels. (CONT. }
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. LATER.
text: CAMERA SLOWLY MOVES to discover them: in bed, cuddled together.
speaker_heading: GRETTA (CONT., 0.S.)}
dialog: When we sing, we're vessels that
dialog: hold song. When we're like this,
dialog: we hold Ged,
dialog: {finally ON CAMERA)
dialog: and when we die: our souls depart
dialog: and we aren't vessels anymore.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: And when Azazel enters us?
text: She shakes her head; won’t say it. He does:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: We hold evil.
dialog: I’m scared, Gretta.
dialog: I'm scared the demon will enter me.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: I don't think it can. Some people
dialog: are -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Not by touch. As spirit. When its
text: host body dies, it can move as
dialog: spirit, right?, isn’t that what you
text: said? A short distance, a short
dialog: time?
dialog: (quoting book)
dialog: And "no man can resist."
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Well sure. If people are stronger
dialog: when we‘re fighting for our
dialog: lives... (Why not demons?)
text: He nods. Thinks.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
text: Greatness destroys.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I‘m just saying: sometimes a
dialog: strength can be a weakness,
dialog: know what I mean?
scene_heading: INT. GRETTA’S APARTMENT. DAWN.
text: Under another print of a floating angel: Hobbes, dressed to go,
text: sits on the floor by the couch, holding Sam‘s hand. The boy is
text: barely awake.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Sam: I have to tell you something.
text: Sam’s eyes open a little farther. He looks at Hobbes.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: My father.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I know.
text: Hobbes looks in his eyes, sees he does know.
text: Hobbes squeezes his hand.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Also...I have to go away. You’re
dialog: going to stay with Gretta.
text: Sam looks past Hobbes, to where Gretta stands in her doorway,
text: in her pajamas.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I want you to know: Whatever people
dialog: say about me, and whatever I do...
dialog: I'm doing it for you, okay?, because
dialog: I love you.
text: Sam looks up at him. Blankly for a long moment.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I’m going to go back to sleep.
dialog: {closes his eyes)
dialog: And when I wake up, everything’s
dialog: going to be better again.
text: This almost breaks Hobbes’ heart.
text: Gretta sits: beside Hobbes, beside Sam.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (to her, indicating Sam)
dialog: You sure it’s okay? (For him to
dialog: stay here?)
text: She nods. Not a casual consent.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You know what that means, don’t you?
text: She looks at him blankly.
speaker_heading: HOBBES {CONT.)
dialog: You’re not "low profile" anymore.
speaker_heading: GRETTA
dialog: Yeah. It‘s okay.
dialog: (slightly ironic)
dialog: I'm ready.
text: He takes her hand, squeezes it. Looks at her -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: They don’t have wings.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: You want to see one?, look in
dialog: the mirror.
text: She kisses his hand. Fervently. CAMERA MOVES IN on her face.
text: She’s covering his hand with kisses. Like a silent movie shot.
text: And then slowly...his hand pulls away. She’s left alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 107
scene_heading: EXT. LUCIUS’ HOUSE. DAY.
text: Suburban neighborhood. Gretta’s car pulls up, Hobbes honks.
text: Lucius bounces out of a modest split-level house. He wears
text: pants, no shirt, no shoes. He glances around warily, hands
text: Hobbes a smail paper bag.
text: Hobbes slips him a wad of hundred dollar bills.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Loosh: I know you think I’ve crossed
dialog: over, I know you think you’re insane
dialog: to do this, but I truly appreciate
dialog: your trust.
dialog: In his time, Lucius has heard a lot of similar horseshit from
dialog: addicts, killers, con-men:
dialog: Lucius
dialog: Yeah, yeah. Just be careful, huh?
text: He turns away, and Hobbes drives off:
scene_heading: INT. GRETTA’S CAR. DAY.
text: Hobbes punches a number on the car phone. As it starts to
text: ring, he removes the contents of Lucius’ paper bag and slips it
text: into his shirt pocket.
speaker_heading: JONESY’S VOICE
dialog: Jonesy -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JONESY’S VOICE
dialog: Hey. Where are you?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah, right.
dialog: I just want tell you: when the
dialog: moment comes...the right time,
dialog: the right place: you know it.
speaker_heading: JONESY‘S VOICE
dialog: What place?
text: Hobbes smiles slightly (Jonesy has taken the bait) and says
dialog: nothing.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: JONESY'S VOICE (CONT.)
dialog: Where you goin’, Hobbes?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Nowhere. Literally. Gonna take a
dialog: long drive, go someplace no-one‘1ll
dialog: find me. sit by the water and think.
text: (THE ACTION SLOWS DRAMATICALLY, down to eerie nanoseconds...)
speaker_heading: HOBBES (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: You must be wondering: what's Hobbes
dialog: doing? Doesn’t he know he’s giving
dialog: it away? Doesn’t he realize “Azazel"
dialog: will enter every cop on the force
dialog: until he finds this out?
dialog: Of course, that’s the idea.
dialog: But I have to be careful. Very
dialog: careful...
scene_heading: NORMAL TIME AND ACTION RESUMES:
text: Hobbes still driving.
speaker_heading: JONESY’S VOICE
dialog: Hey Hobbes, I gotta ask you
dialog: something.
text: Hobbes sees a POLICE CAR coming toward him...
text: As calmly and naturally as he can, he pulls to the side of the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Shoot.
speaker_heading: JONESY‘S VOICE
dialog: We been partners a long time.
text: The police car glides past. The COP looks casually in Hobbes’
text: direction. Hobbes uses the phone receiver to block his face.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah, twelve plus.
text: Hobbes looks in his rear-view mirror, watches the cop car
dialog: continue...slowly...up the street...
speaker_heading: JONESY'S VOICE
dialog: So. Is there something you wanna
dialog: say? (Do you want to confess?}
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 109
text: Hobbes sees the cop car turn the corner, vanish from view.
text: Hobbes sighs relief, focusses on Jonesy’s question:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: You’re a good partner, Jonesy.
speaker_heading: JONESY’S VOICE
dialog: (a smile in his tone)
dialog: You too, Hobbes.
dialog: See you, huh?
dialog: I'll never see you.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Yeah.
text: He hangs up, drives back out into traffic.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR. NIGHT.
text: Hobbes driving. His face is grim. HOLD this shot so that it
text: seems to pierce inside him and give a sense of time passage:
text: the long drive up there. Then he turns the wheel and we are:
scene_heading: EXT. MILANO’S HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: As Hobbes turns in the long driveway, his headlights catch
text: metal on a distant hill. Another car is hidden in the bushes.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (blinks, mutters)
dialog: You flew up, huh?
text: He parks, gets out.
text: He‘s got a FLASHLIGHT in one hand, car keys in the other.
text: As he goes toward the house, he flicks the keys into the
text: bushes. The action is so quick and minimal that someone at a
dialog: distance wouldn't read it.
text: He walks up onto the porch, glances in the window:
text: It's dark inside; no sign of anyone.
text: Hobbes moves to one side of the door (in case someone comes
text: out), leans against the wall of the building, shouts out into
dialog: the darkness:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: 1210
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Come on out!
dialog: I know you're here!
speaker_heading: MOVING POV
text: At some distance from Hobbes. A spooky, menacing shot, the POV
text: of a stalker: bushes in the foreground, Hobbes in the b.g.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT. )
dialog: What do you want now?
dialog: Haven’t you had enough fun?
dialog: (answering himself)
dialog: Or is there something more? (CONT.)
speaker_heading: SECOND MOVING POV
dialog: Different angle, from the other side of the building so that we
text: realize: there are two people after him. Like the other shot,
dialog: this one says: vicious killer.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT. )
dialog: What? Another test? Another
dialog: torture? You got me to kill
dialog: someone. You murdered my brother.
dialog: What more do you want?!
text: Maguire steps out into view.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: I just want to bring you in.
text: Hobbes turns to face Maguire.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: So it’s you.
dialog: Wwa je-dow Nee Shu-shay!
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: I know you've got a gun. Drop it.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: (moving toward Maguire)
dialog: Or else what? You‘1l shoot me?
dialog: That'd be too easy.
dialog: Where’s the fun in that?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: Just drop the gun, huh?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: JONESY (0.S.}
dialog: Do what he says, Hobbes.
text: Hobbes whirls around. Sees Jonesy. Mutters:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Two of you?
text: This doesn’t fit his plan. He looks back and forth between
text: them, trying to decide which one is Azazel, and then focusses
dialog: on his partner:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: {pained at the idea)
dialog: Jonesy? (Are you Azazel?}
text: Jonesy says nothing.
text: The other men are on opposite sides of Hobbes, 40 yards apart,
text: and so far: both of them are in character.
text: Hobbes carefully takes out his gun, drops it, stalls for time:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: I didn’t do it, guys.
dialog: I didn’t do any of it.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: I know that, Hobbes.
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: We'd both like to believe that.
dialog: But we have to bring you in.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: Why?
text: Maguire blinks in astonishment, shoots Jonesy a look -
speaker_heading: JONESY (CONT.)
dialog: What if we came up here and he'd
dialog: disappeared into the wilderness...
dialog: and we drove his car into the lake,
dialog: end of story?
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: MAGUIRE
dialog: What the fuck’re you talkin’,
dialog: Jonesy? We came to bring in the
dialog: son-of-a-bitch so he could stand
dialog: trial. If he did it, fine. If
dialog: he didn’t, even better. But
dialog: it's not our job to decide that.
dialog: Half beat.
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: You’re quite right, Mack. I don’t
dialog: know what got into me.
dialog: (steps forward)
dialog: Sorry Hobbes.
text: (raises his gun, aims:)
dialog: I gotta put on the cuffs.
text: Jonesy moves forward.
text: Hobbes’ eyes are shifting; he’s trying to figure out how to
dialog: escape. And which - if either - of these men is the demon.
text: Jonesy stops 20 feet from Hobbes. Still aiming his pistol
text: right at him, so Hobbes has no chance to run.
text: An odd frozen moment. Why did Jonesy stop?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: You know, Maguire...
text: Life is chock full of surprises.
text: Jonesy moves his gun just five degrees - from Hobbes to
dialog: Maguire.
text: Maguire frowns.
text: Jonesy shoots.
text: A look of complete astonishment on Maguire’s face...and he
text: falls dead.
text: Hobbes is also stunned. Is this the real Jonesy orc the demon?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Why‘d you do that?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Come on. I’m your partner.
dialog: (gestures toward woods)
dialog: Go on, you’re free. Run.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 113
text: Hobbes looks at the woods, then back at Jonesy. He isn’t sure.
dialog: If he runs and Jonesy is the demon, won't Jonesy shoot him in
dialog: the back?
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Keep thinking, Hobbes.
text: Hobbes‘ expression changes; he suspects -
speaker_heading: JONESY
dialog: (nasty, amused)
dialog: So. Now Jonesy’s fucked too.
text: He just shot his boss.
text: Hobbes dives through the closed window into Milano’s house -
text: "Jonesy" laughs.
text: He walks casually toward the house...
speaker_heading: "JONESY" (CONT. )
dialog: How ‘bout that, Hobbes?
dialog: You're fucked, Jonesy’s fucked.
dialog: One at a time, eh? That's how
dialog: we get you. One by one...
text: "Jonesy" moves around the house, glancing quickly in windows,
text: as if trying to draw Hobbes’ fire...
speaker_heading: "JONESY" (CONT. )
dialog: See the deal? (If) I kill you, it’s
dialog: the final pathetic chapter in the
text: life of another disgraced hero.
dialog: You’re just one more piece-of-shit
dialog: human scum. (CONT. ) 7
text: "Jonesy" comes to the kitchen door. Standing to one side, he
text: throws it open.
speaker_heading: "JONESY" (CONT.)
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Or, turn it around! If I die, I'll
dialog: enter you - and before you go down,
dialog: I'll put 20 more murders on your tab!
dialog: He jumps:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 114
scene_heading: INT. MILANO’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. NIGHT.
text: “Jonesy” hurtles into the kitchen, eyes dancing with
dialog: anticipation: he loves this shit.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: "JONESY" (CONT. )
dialog: Do I have a preference? Huh?
dialog: What‘s maximum fun? I think
dialog: you can guess, can’t you?,
dialog: what maximum fun is?
text: His eyes have adjusted to the darkness. He sees no sign of
text: Hobbes. Gun lowered, he steps from the kitchen into:
scene_heading: INT. MILANO’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: He enters, looks around, sees nothing.
text: Slowly he raises his pistol toward his own head...
speaker_heading: "JONESY" (CONT. )
dialog: Sure you can.
text: His gun moving slowly, inevitably, toward his temple...
speaker_heading: "JONESY" (CONT. )
dialog: Maximum fun is...
dialog: {with a big smile)
dialog: I become you.
text: Just before the barrel reaches his skull -
text: Hobbes flies at him out of the darkness -
text: They careen to the floor - oe
text: They're wrestling over Jonesy’s pistol. Varying shades of
text: blackness, a few streaks of slashing moonlight. Their bodies
text: entwined, grappling. Visually: it feels like we're watching
dialog: something mythic.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What do you want? My heart?
dialog: Soul?
dialog: You'll never get ‘em.
speaker_heading: "JONESY"
dialog: Fuck you, and fuck your heart,
dialog: and fuck your soul.
dialog: And that's a promise.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 115
text: Is "Jonesy" weakening...or is it intentional: the pistol is now
text: pointed at his head.
text: But Hobbes does not fire. Why? He keeps pushing the point of
text: the gun lower, lower...till it’s aimed at "Jonesy’s" chest.
text: A wrenching burst of energy. The men fly apart as the gun goes
dialog: off -
text: Silence. We can’t tell who was hit. Both bodies lie immobile
text: in the darkness.
text: We HEAR "Jonesy" laugh.
text: He‘s on the ground. Bleeding.
text: Hobbes appears over him.
speaker_heading: "JONESY"
dialog: (pained, playful)
dialog: Eww, you got me, Hobbes.
dialog: But isn’t that just ego?, huh?, to
dialog: want to kill me yourself?
dialog: What difference’s it make?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Not much. {CONT.)
text: Hobbes takes a cigarette pack from his shirt pocket. Knocks
text: one out, lights it.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT. )
dialog: But sometimes little things are
dialog: important.
dialog: ‘Sides, I want to talk.
dialog: (puffs on cigarette)
dialog: I think you were right: what Reese
dialog: said? Milano was just like me.
dialog: And he was trying to do just what
dialog: I am. That’s why he bought this
dialog: place, seven miles from nowhere...
dialog: (another puff)
dialog: But you didn't get it, did you?
dialog: He didn't quite pull it off, so
dialog: you didn’t get it.
speaker_heading: “ JONESY"
dialog: Get what?
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: You didn't get it with him, and
dialog: you still don’t get it with me.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: "JONESY"
dialog: I don’t get it, and I don’t give a
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Don‘t you? Open your eyes, Azazel.
dialog: Look around sometime.
text: The way Hobbes says this is creepy, as though he’s won. For
text: the first time in any human body, Azazel (as "Jonesy") looks
text: nervous. His eyes scan the room...
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: Don't you see anything...different?
text: "Jonesy’s" eyes come back to Hobbes, puffing away.
text: "Jonesy" stares at him.
speaker_heading: "JONESY"
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: You don’t....
text: He stops talking, overcome by a wave of pain.
text: Hobbes smiles casually, takes another puff.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: What‘d you say?
speaker_heading: "JONESY"
dialog: I said...you don’t...
dialog: (talking with great difficulty)
dialog: you don’t smoke.
dialog: 
text: Hobbes smiles again, takes an even bigger draw, a long and
text: heavy draw, pulling the smoke down into his lungs.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: That's right, Jonesy. I don’t.
text: A horrible look of realization coming onto "Jonesy’s" face.
speaker_heading: HOBBES (CONT.)
dialog: ‘Cause cigarettes kill.
speaker_heading: "JONESY"
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Especially: cigarettes laced with
dialog: poison.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: "JONESY"
dialog: Noooooo!
text: He spins, writhes, his body contorting, his eyes rolling back -
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Ever hear of a "scorched earth"
dialog: policy? An army destroys its own
text: country before the enemy invades.
text: “Jonesy’s" body clenches...
text: He glares at Hobbes...
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Seven miles from nowhere. You
dialog: got no place to go but me.
text: "Jonesy" starts to shake...harder, harder.
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: Come on, Azazel. Enter me, and
dialog: we die together.
text: Suddenly "Jonesy" has a huge horrifying spasm -
text: And stops. Completely.
dialog: Dead.
text: OVERHEAD SHOT, TIGHT ON "JONESY". ALL SOUND CEASES. The
text: CAMERA floats up slowly...moves over Hobbes...
text: Hobbes stares down at Jonesy’s body...
text: ON HIS FACE as he waits for the demon...
text: Very softly, almost inaudible, saying goodbye to this world:
speaker_heading: HOBBES
dialog: God bless you, Gretta.
dialog: God bless you, Sam.
text: He closes his eyes.
text: His face starts to sweat. We sense the invisible battle to
dialog: enter Hobbes.
text: Very subtly: his breathing becomes harder, more intense. He
text: takes another drag on the cigarette...frowns...winces...
text: BACK TO THE OVERHEAD CAMERA. IT HOVERS...HOVERS...AND GOES:
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 118
scene_heading: SWOOPING DOWN VIOLENTLY ONTO HOBBES’ FACE -
text: He yanks the cigarette from his mouth, hurls it across the
dialog: room -
text: His face hard, enraged. "Hobbes" is now Azazel.
text: He staggers out the door. Beside the door we see: his
text: cigarette has landed on some scattered papers -
scene_heading: EXT. MILANO’S HOUSE. MOONLIGHT.
text: "Hobbes" flies out onto the porch, looks at the car in the
text: driveway, pats his pants pocket - and then remembers. Curses.
text: Heads for the bushes.
text: (HERE THE ACTION REPEATS, FROM A DIFFERENT ANGLE, WHAT WE SAW
text: AT THE OUTSET OF THE MOVIE. "“HOBBES" STAGGERS FORWARD,
text: SEARCHES THE BUSHES FOR THE CAR KEYS AS HE MUTTERS "God damn,
text: God damn, God damn!", FINDS THE KEYS, THEN TRIES WITHOUT
text: SUCCESS TO MOVE AWAY FROM THAT SPOT. Under this:)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: "HOBBES" (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: Like I said at the start. I was
text: beaten. Outsmarted. Poisoned.
dialog: (snide, outraged}
dialog: By John Hobbes. (CONT. }
text: At this moment we realize, with a horrifying chill: this movie
dialog: has_b d not by Hobbes he demon Azazel
text: occupying Hobbes’ body.
speaker_heading: "HOBBES" (V.O., NARRATION}
dialog: He'd thought of everything. Even
dialog: throwing away his keys ‘cause he
dialog: saw I‘d parked far away so I’d want
dialog: to use his car.
text: His body crashes to the ground. Falling onto his back. His
text: hand moves to his chest -
speaker_heading: "HOBBES" (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: Can you imagine what it feels like
dialog: to be alive for thousands of years
dialog: and then actually die ‘cause some
dialog: self-righteous Chicago cop decides
dialog: he is going to save the fucking
dialog: world??!
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 119
text: His eyes flicker. He's fading. And something else is
text: happening too: his voice is changing...becoming deeper,
text: raspier, full of air... The "natural voice" of the demon is
dialog: coming through...
scene_heading: "HOBBES" /AZAZEL (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: Thank God.
dialog: Thank God there are other demons.
dialog: We will prevail.
text: He dies.
dialog: Silence.
text: Everything still and beautiful in the moonlight.
dialog: Hold.
text: The CAMERA DRAWS SLOWLY BACK FOR THE END OF THE FILM. ..Closing
text: music starts...and happy music too. The audience must feel a
text: sense of real satisfaction: Hobbes (the real Hobbes) has won.
text: With his "scorched earth" maneuver, Hobbes has killed "Hobbes,"
dialog: killed the demon.
text: We pull back farther, farther...and as if to cement our relief:
text: "THE END" appears on the screen.
text: The instant these word appear there is a HORRIBLE NOISE -
text: The words are wrenched away -
text: Something’s moving in the moonlight. A tail flickering...
scene_heading: SMASH IN CLOSE ON:
text: A CAT YOWLING! Hair up on end, arching its back: Possessed by
dialog: the demon!
dialog: 
text: The Cat slowly turns...TOWARD THE CAMERA.
text: And winks.
speaker_heading: AZAZEL (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: {playful)
dialog: Fooled you.
text: The Cat sits, licks its paws contentedly...
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
speaker_heading: “120
speaker_heading: AZAZEL (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: Don’t you remember?
dialog: I said I was going to tell you
dialog: about "the time I almost died."
text: Behind the Cat: light is flickering...a red glow... Milano’s
text: house is going up in flames, providing a spectacular backdrop
dialog: to the Demonized Cat.
text: The Cat looks over at Hobbes’ body, at the burning house...
speaker_heading: AZAZEL (V.O., NARRATION)
dialog: I better get moving.
dialog: I have a long way to go. (CONT.}
text: The Cat heads up the road. Trotting at a steady pace...
speaker_heading: AZAZEL (V.O0., NARRATION)
text: At least seven miles.
text: The Cat's figure gradually disappears into the night...
speaker_heading: AZAZEL (V.O., NARRATION}
dialog: (slightly mocking)
dialog: See you around.
text: The Cat vanishes.
text: Only darkness.
scene_heading: END CREDITS.
scene_heading: POSSIBLE SEQUENCE UNDER TITLES:
text: The cat disappears into darkness. The darkness intensifies,
text: becomes BLACK. Then the black turns mottled, gray, grayer,
text: we're seeing something but we can’t tell what it is. Gradually
text: more definition appears. We’re on a city street. People are
text: moving. Lots of people. Walking: some casually, some in a
text: hurry. And idly, casually, without even knowing what they’re
text: doing: they’re touching one another.
scene_heading: Scanned and converted to PDF by SCREENTALK Magazine - www.screentalk.biz
dialog: 
