dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT CENTER MALL - NIGHT
text: From the outside parking lot it looks like an
text: enormous beached whale. It is the prime hangout for
text: all the teenagers in the area. Kids mill around the
text: parking lot or stand by the mall entrance.
scene_heading: INT. RIDGEMONT CENTER MALL
text: There are three levels of stores underneath a
text: massive fluorescent roof. Different music comes
text: from each store. It looks seventies-modern, but
text: already used and run-down. Groups of kids cruise
text: the mall, eyeing each other and acting cool.
scene_heading: INT. SWENSON'S ICE-CREAM PARLOR - NIGHT
text: The teenage waitresses in their peppermint pattie
text: uniforms are rushing around, trying to keep up with
dialog: their orders.
text: A good-looking man in his mid-twenties enters and
text: sits. He wears a plastic name tag that says:
text: "Pacific Stereo Audio Consultant, RON JOHNSON."
text: Two Swenson's Waitresses pass by with supreme
text: indifference, and take their orders into the back
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. SWENSON'S BACK KITCHEN
speaker_heading: WAITRESS #1
dialog: I think he looks like Richard Gere.
text: The two Waitresses discuss the issue at hand. One
text: of them, Linda Barrett, is the seventeen year old,
dialog: retired sex queen of Ridgemont High.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS #1 (CONT'D)
dialog: I think he looks like... Richard
dialog: Gere. (Bruce Springsteen)
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Did you see his cute little butt?
text: A third waitress enters.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS #2
dialog: Let's talk about C-19.
scene_heading: WAITRESS #1 AND LINDA
dialog: We were!
speaker_heading: WAITRESS #2
dialog: I think I'll drop over and change
text: the shakers.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No, be cool, that's Stacy's
dialog: section.
text: Through the entrance, we see Stacy Hamilton. She is
text: the fifteen-year-old trainee, sweet-looking with
text: just the last traces of baby fat. She puts down a
text: glass of water for Ron, spills some and mops it up.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS #1
dialog: He's too old for Stacy, she hasn't
dialog: even started high school yet.
text: A flustered Stacy enters the back kitchen.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: How's it going.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Do you think that guy's cute?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS #1
text: In a blow-dryed kind of way.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Does anyone else want to take his
dialog: table?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Don't you like him?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Yeah, but I fucked up. You can take
dialog: it. Really.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Come on, Stacy, it's your section
dialog: and your man.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What should I do?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Just take his order, look him in
dialog: the eye and if he says anything
dialog: remotely funny, laugh a lot.
text: She fluffs up Stacy's hair and gently shoves her
text: towards the door. Stacy reluctantly exits.
scene_heading: INT. SWENSON'S DINING ROOM
text: Stacy goes to Ron's table.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: So you working hard or hardly
dialog: working?
text: Stacy thinks it over, decides it's a joke and
text: laughs (a little too late). Ron looks at her
dialog: soulfully.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: You look like you could still be in
dialog: high school.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I know, everyone says that.
text: He stares at her and she stares back uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: STACY (CONT'D)
dialog: What can I get for you tonight.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: How about your phone number?
text: Stacy smiles nervously.
scene_heading: INT. RIDGEMONT MALL - OUTSIDE SWENSON'S - NIGHT
text: A teenage boy stands in front of an in-mall theatre
text: across from Swenson's. He wears a stiff over-sized
text: tuxedo suit. He is Mark "The Rat" Ratner, a ticket
text: taker on the job.
text: Mike Damone, a transplanted Easterner, bops over
text: from the record store, eyeing every girl he passes.
text: He stops at the movie theatre.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Do you ever look at those girls who
dialog: work at Swenson's? They're
dialog: beautiful. And I have to stand out
dialog: here and watch them six nights a
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: You should work for yourself.
text: Two Junior High Kids spot Damone, walk up to him.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: What can I do for you, gentlemen?
scene_heading: JUNIOR HIGH KID #1
dialog: You the guy with the Van Halen
dialog: tickets?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: I could be.
scene_heading: JUNIOR HIGH KID #2
dialog: What do you want for something in
dialog: the first ten rows?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Twenty bucks apiece.
scene_heading: JUNIOR HIGH KID #1
dialog: Those tickets were only twelve
dialog: fifty!
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: So don't buy 'em.
scene_heading: JUNIOR HIGH KID #2
dialog: (to friend)
dialog: All the other scalpers are sold
dialog: out, Arnold.
text: Damone reacts indignantly.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Scalper? You call me a scalper? I
dialog: perform a service, my friends. The
dialog: service costs money. Now do you
dialog: want the tickets or not?
text: The Kids look at each other.
scene_heading: JUNIOR HIGH KID #1
dialog: Are you sure you can't go any
dialog: lower.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: These are my special back-to-school
dialog: prices.
scene_heading: JUNIOR HIGH KID #2
dialog: We'll take 'em.
text: Damone reaches inside his pants pocket for a wad of
dialog: tickets.
scene_heading: EXT. CARL'S JR. - NIGHT
text: At the other end of the mall is a neon-lit Carl's
dialog: Jr. Hamburger Restaurant. If Swenson's was the warm
text: up, this is the main attraction of the Ridgemont
dialog: Mall.
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S JR.
text: Back-to-school banners hang from the walls. Many
text: kids are lined up at the counters. In the middle of
text: the kitchen, directing all the orders, is a
text: seventeen year old named Brad. He moves
text: confidently, observing the fryer, checking cup
text: supply, and giving an affectionate squeeze to a
text: pretty cashier named Lisa. She lets him kiss her,
dialog: but only once.
text: A teenage Customer shouts to Brad from the front
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Hey Brad! I waited till you came
dialog: on! I wanted your fries.
text: Brad smiles, walks over to the fryer and discards
text: the fries left from the previous shift. He shouts
text: to the other employees as he puts in a new batch,
dialog: "his" batch.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: We need fifteen Superstars, David!
scene_heading: FELLOW EMPLOYEE #1
dialog: Okay, Brad!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I'll take care of the fry orders!
dialog: Just get me the Superstars!
scene_heading: FELLOW EMPLOYEE #2
dialog: Fish sandwiches!
text: Brad spots three surfers sitting in the dining
text: area. None of them are wearing shirts.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Hey you guys! You had shirts on
dialog: when you came in here.
text: ANGLE ON THE MAIN SURFER
text: a bleary kid sitting at the head of the table. He
text: runs a hand through his long, stringy blond hair.
text: After a time, he speaks.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Something happened to them, mon.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Come on, Spicoli. Why don't you
dialog: just put your shirts back on? See
dialog: the sign?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HANDWRITTEN SIGN IN WINDOW
text: that reads: "No Shirts, No Shoes, No Dice"
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S JR.
text: A store manager, Dennis Taylor, bustles up to Brad.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Any problems?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: No, just a couple of surfers with
dialog: no shirts on. I took care of it,
dialog: Dennis.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SURFERS
text: grumbling, putting shirts back on. It pains them.
text: Dennis heads back to his office when he sees
text: something in the trash bin.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Did you throw away those fries,
dialog: Hamilton?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: They were left over from the last
dialog: shift.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Those were perfectly good fries,
dialog: Hamilton.
dialog: (glares at Brad)
dialog: Perfectly good.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: But they weren't mine.
text: Brad laughs, goes back to work.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - LATE NIGHT
text: It is closed and only a few janitors remain. Stacy
text: and Linda walk through the large empty mall.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: He gave me his card.
dialog: (lovingly)
dialog: 'Ron Johnson, Audio Consultant.'
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Should we buy a frame for that?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Come on, Linda, I haven't had a
dialog: boyfriend all summer. You promised
dialog: when I started working at the mall
dialog: that my life would change... Do you
dialog: think he'll call this week?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Listen, Stace, you want to know
dialog: about guys? I'll tell you. They're
dialog: mostly chicken. Before I met Doug I
dialog: chased after every guy I thought
dialog: was cute. I thought if I gave out a
dialog: vibe they'd get the message and
dialog: call me up. Well, guess what? They
dialog: don't call.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: So what did you do?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I called them. If I was sitting
dialog: next to a guy and I wanted to sit
dialog: closer, I'd sit closer. If I wanted
dialog: to kiss him, I'd just do it. You
dialog: want Ron Johnson? Grab him.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I can't do that.
text: They pass a janitor cleaning graffiti that says:
scene_heading: LINCOLN SURF NAZIS and MAGGOT LUST FOR THE DUST.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Face it. With some guys you have to
dialog: make the first move. A lot of guys
dialog: are just... wussies.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Stacy, what are you waiting for?
dialog: You're fifteen. I did it when I was
dialog: thirteen. It's no huge thing. It's
dialog: just sex. If you don't, one of the
dialog: other girls will.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (cute)
dialog: He was hot, wasn't he?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: If I didn't have a fiance in
dialog: Chicago, I'd go for it.
text: A young Girl runs and catches up with Linda and
dialog: Stacy.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: Are you Linda Barrett?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I'm Carrie Frazier from Toys 'R Us.
dialog: Judy Hinton from May Company told
dialog: me I could ask you something.
text: Linda nods.
speaker_heading: GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: I have this situation with my
dialog: boyfriend, and I wanted to...
text: (looks at Stacy, then
text: whispers in Linda's ear)
text: Linda listens thoughtfully, then clicks into her
dialog: "sex expert" mode.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Okay, are you over sixteen?
text: The Girl nods.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: All right, what you want to do is
dialog: go to the Free Clinic and tell the
dialog: doctor that you have sex regularly
dialog: - several times a week -- and that
dialog: you need Nornel One Plus Fifty's.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: And they don't call my parents?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Not if you're over sixteen.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Okay. Thanks a lot, Linda.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: And don't let them talk you into a
text: diaphragm either.
text: The Girl thanks Linda again. Linda and Stacy get to
text: the back exit of the mall and Linda uses a key to
text: open the door.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I can't believe I start high school
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Believe it.
text: They exit the mall, into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL - DAY
text: We see all the elements of the first day of school.
text: The students carry new books, explore new lockers,
text: begin to stake out their ground.
text: Someone has taken the steel letters from the green
text: vanguard out front. It reads: "IDG MON SENOR HI
dialog: HO."
text: The rest of Ridgemont High is covered with toilet
text: paper. And a black spray paint message along the
text: side of the front office building reads, "LINCOLN
scene_heading: SURF NAZIS."
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Brad pulls into the Ridgemont High parking lot. He
text: drives a beat-up, four-door model LTD sedan. Three
text: friends wait for him near his parking space.
text: They are dressed in the same golf caps with brand
text: logos on the front like CAT, NATIONAL and CHAINSAW.
speaker_heading: BUDDY #1
dialog: Hamilton!
speaker_heading: BUDDY #2
dialog: The cruising vessel! Hey -- Yooooo!
text: Brad climbs out of his car and pats it admiringly.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Six more payments, gentlemen.
text: Brad joins his friends, and they walk towards the
dialog: gymnasium.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT PARKING LOT
text: We see a shiny, new, blue Mustang whip into the
text: parking lot. Students scatter from the parking
text: space. Behind the wheel is football star Charles
text: Jefferson. A huge, black kid. The halls at
dialog: Ridgemont part for Charles Jefferson.
text: Rat and Damone are in the parking lot. Damone
text: surrounded by underclassmen (customers) selling
dialog: tickets.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: See that Mustang? U.C.L.A. gave
dialog: Charles Jefferson that car when he
dialog: was a sophomore.
text: The underclassmen are impressed. They watch as
text: Jefferson opens his car door and stands to his full
text: height, over six-foot tall. He opens his trunk and
text: pulls out no books, just a football duffel bag. He
text: slowly walks by Damone, Rat and the underclassmen.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: How ya doing! That car looks great,
dialog: Charles!
text: Jefferson gives Damone a death glare.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Don't... fuck... with... it.
text: He moves on. Damone resumes selling tickets.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Shit, that's my man.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT PARKING LOT
text: We see a clutching, smooching couple walk by.
text: Cheerleader Cindy Carr and her boyfriend, Gregg
dialog: Adams.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The Four Stoners (from Carl's Jr.) tumble out of a
text: van in the parking lot. They head towards the
dialog: gymnasium.
scene_heading: INT. RIDGEMONT GYMNASIUM - DAY
text: Standing by the A-B-C-D-E registration counter in
text: the gymnasium, Brad waits to pick up his red ad
text: card. He stands surrounded by his buddies. They nod
text: vigorously at everything Brad says. As he talks,
text: fellow students all say hello or pat him as they
dialog: pass.
text: One troubled-looking boy, Arnold, walks up to Brad.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Brad, can I talk to you a minute?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Arnold. What's happening?
text: Arnold speaks confidentially to Brad.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Brad, I really fuckin' hate
dialog: McDonald's, man. Ever since they
dialog: started in with the chicken,
dialog: everything went downhill.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You want to work at Carl's?
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Oh, man, if you could swing
dialog: something there, I'd do anything
dialog: for you. I want to work with you
dialog: guys.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I can probably get you in there.
dialog: Just let me talk to Dennis Taylor.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: All right!!
text: Brad notices Stacy and nods with complete inner
dialog: cool.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hi, Brad.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Sis.
speaker_heading: BRAD'S BUDDIES
dialog: Hey, Stacy.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hi... Where's Lisa?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Everyone wants to know where Lisa
dialog: is. How should I know where Lisa
dialog: is?
dialog: (to buddies)
dialog: What am I gonna do? Now my little
dialog: sister goes to the same high
text: school. The party's over.
dialog: (to Stacy)
dialog: So who do you have first period?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: U.S. History. Mr. Hand.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Hey-yo.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hey-yoooooooooo.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: What's wrong with Mr. Hand?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Nothing... if you like 'Hawaii Five
dialog: O.' You better get in class, Stacy.
dialog: That's not the one to be late to.
text: Stacy hurries off.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: (as soon as she is gone)
dialog: Your sister is really turning into
text: a fox.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You should see her in the morning.
speaker_heading: BRAD'S BUDDIES
dialog: Hey-yooooooooooo.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. HISTORY CLASS - DAY
text: Stacy barely slips in the door before the final
text: attendance bell sounds. She finds a seat just as
text: the teacher's cubicle door opens at the back of the
text: classroom. A tall figure comes barreling down the
text: aisle. He is Mr. Hand. The man makes a double-speed
text: step to the door at the front of the class, kicks
text: the door shut and locks it. The windows rattle in
text: their frames. Stacy watches, wide-eyed, at her
dialog: first high school class.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Aloha. My name is Mr. Hand.
text: Mr. Hand writes his name on the green chalkboard
text: before his class. Every letter is a small explosion
dialog: of chalk.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (almost sweetly)
dialog: I have but one question for you on
dialog: our first morning 'together.'
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Can you attend my class? Pakalo?...
dialog: Understand?... History has proven
dialog: us one basic fact. Man does not do
dialog: anything that is not for his own
dialog: good. It is for your own good that
dialog: you attend my class. And if you
dialog: can't make it... I can make you.
text: An impatient knock begins at the front door of the
dialog: classroom.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: We have a twenty-question quiz
dialog: every Friday. It will cover all the
dialog: material we've dealt with during
dialog: the week. There will be no make-up
dialog: exams. It's important that you all
dialog: have your Land of Truth and Liberty
dialog: textbooks by Wednesday. At the
dialog: latest.
text: The knock continues.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Your grade is the average of all
dialog: your quizzes, plus the midterm and
text: final, which counts for one-third.
dialog: Got it?
text: The mystery knocker tries a lazy calypso beat on
text: the front door. No one in Mr. Hand's U.S. History
text: class dares mention it, much less answer it.
text: Stacy grips her desk with the tension of her first
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Also. There will be no eating in
dialog: this class. You get used to doing
dialog: your own business on your own time.
dialog: That's one demand I make. I don't
dialog: like staying after class with you
dialog: on detention. That's my time. I
dialog: don't like wasting it. Just like
dialog: you wouldn't want me to come to
dialog: your house some evening and discuss
dialog: U.S. History on your time. Pakalo?
text: Hand finally turns, as if he has just noticed the
text: sound at the door and opens the door an inch.
text: Jeffrey Spicoli stands in the doorway, red eyes
text: glistening. His long, blond hair is still wet and
text: streaming down the back of his white peasant shirt.
text: He grins, oblivious to such trivial matters as
text: attendance bells. A Student sitting near Stacy
text: turns to his friends.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: That guy has been stoned since the
dialog: third grade.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Yeah. I'm registered for this
dialog: class.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: What class?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: This is U.S. History, right? I saw
text: the globe in the window.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: (appears enthralled)
dialog: Really?
text: Spicoli holds his red ad card up to the crack in
text: the door.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Can I come in?
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: (swinging door open)
dialog: Oh, please. I get so lonely when
dialog: that third attendance bell rings
dialog: and I don't see all my kids here.
text: Spicoli laughs. He is the only one.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Sorry I'm late. This new schedule
dialog: is totally confusing.
text: Mr. Hand takes the red ad card and reads from it
text: with utter fascination.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Mr. Spicoli?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: That's the name they gave me.
text: Mr. Hand slowly tears the card into little pieces
text: and sprinkles the pieces over his wastebasket.
text: Spicoli watches in disbelief. His hands are frozen
text: in the process of removing his backpack.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: You just ripped my card in two!
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Hey, bud. What's your problem?
text: Mr. Hand moves to within inches of Spicoli's face.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: No problem at all. I think you know
text: where the front office is.
text: It takes a moment for the words to work their way
text: out of Jeff Spicoli's mouth.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: You... dick.
text: In the tense moment that follows, no one in the
dialog: class is sure what might happen.
text: Mr. Hand simply turns away from Jeff Spicoli as if
text: he ceased to exist and coolly continues his
dialog: lecture.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: I've taken the time to print up a
dialog: complete schedule of class quizzes,
dialog: and the chapters they cover. Please
text: pass them back to the desks behind
dialog: you...
text: Hand begins passing out stacks of purple
text: mimeographed sheets.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STUDENTS
text: all smelling the purple mimeographed sheets.
text: Still standing in the doorway, hyperventilating
text: with fifteen-year-old adrenalin, is Jeff Spicoli.
text: After a time, he fishes a few bits of his ad card
text: out of the wastebasket and huffs out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT LUNCH COURT - AFTERNOON
text: It's packed. The school's outdoor dining area is
text: actually just a small courtyard lined with fast
text: food machines and dominated by a large oak tree in
text: the center. Standing at the center of lunch court,
text: under the large oak tree, is Brad Hamilton and his
dialog: golf-cap Buddies.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You hear about the surfer in Mr.
dialog: Hand's class?
text: His Buddies shake their heads.
speaker_heading: BRAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Told Hand to fuck off.
speaker_heading: BRAD'S BUDDIES
dialog: Whoa!_
text: Brad sees another friend pass through lunch court.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Thompson!
text: Brad waits for him to pass.
speaker_heading: BRAD (CONT'D)
dialog: I hear Thompson got canned at Bob's
dialog: this summer.
speaker_heading: BUDDY #1
dialog: Yeah. They hacked his hours, so he
dialog: quit.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Where is he now?
speaker_heading: BUDDY #1
text: Making two eighty at Seven-Eleven.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Man.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: They make you wear a fuckin' candy
text: stripe suit over there.
speaker_heading: BUDDY #2
dialog: Poor guy.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Poor guy.
scene_heading: EXT. LUNCH COURT - ANGLE ON THE 200 BUILDING
speaker_heading: BATHROOM
text: near the outer rim of lunch court. Jeff Spicoli
text: comes stumbling out into the daylight, surrounded
text: by a small group of Ridgemont Stoners. Marijuana
text: smoke billows out behind them.
scene_heading: STONER BUDDY #1
dialog: It was so bitchin', mon. Everybody
text: is talking about it.
scene_heading: STONER BUDDY #2
dialog: Totally.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: The motherfucker pissed me off.
scene_heading: STONER BUDDY #2
dialog: Totally. You don't have to take
dialog: that shit.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I didn't take that shit.
text: They all laugh, flip hair out of their eyes.
scene_heading: STONER BUDDY #1
dialog: Tell us again. What happened after
dialog: he ripped up your ad card?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I called him a dick. And then I
dialog: reached for his class notes, and I
dialog: ripped 'em up. I said, 'Hey bud.
dialog: Two can play this game.'
text: The Stoners go wild.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll tell you this. If he hassles
dialog: me again, I can't be responsible
dialog: for what happens... you know why?
scene_heading: STONER BUDDY #1
dialog: Because he's a fuckin' dick!
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: You got it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Gimme a dollar.
text: One surfer digs out a dollar for Spicoli. They look
text: out at lunch court, see it teeming with straight
text: kids. They turn and walk towards the parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT. LUNCH COURT - ANGLE ON STACY AND LINDA
text: as they walk onto lunch court. They take a seat on
text: the outskirts of the area and watch all the
text: students crowding onto the eating area.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I hear some surfer pulled a knife
dialog: on Mr. Hand this morning.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: No way! He just called him a dick.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: God. People exaggerate so much at
dialog: this school.
text: The school couple, Cindy and Gregg walk by.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Hi, Linda. God, you look so great.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Hi, you guys. This is Stacy. Stacy,
text: this is Gregg Adams and Cindy Carr.
scene_heading: GREGG AND CINDY
dialog: Hi, Stacy.
text: Stacy smiles. Gregg and Cindy move on, repeating
text: the same scene a few feet away.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: If there's one thing that never
dialog: changes... it's a cheerleader.
text: Stacy turns to see a girl with short, black hair
text: passing by, wearing tight black spandex pants, and
text: dark lipstick.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Linda. That girl looks just like
dialog: Pat Benatar.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I know.
text: They watch her pass.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Actually, there are three girls at
dialog: Ridgemont who have cultivated the
text: Pat Benatar look.
text: Linda gestures out on lunch court.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ANOTHER PAT BENATAR LOOK-ALIKE
text: wearing pink spandex pants and short-cropped black
text: hair with dark lipstick.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STILL ANOTHER PAT BENATAR LOOK-ALIKE
text: wearing blue spandex pants and short black hair.
text: She stands a good distance away from the other two.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
text: None of them talk to each other.
text: Linda looks at them with bemusement but Stacy is
dialog: wondering.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Do you think guys find that
dialog: attractive?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh, give me a break, Stacy. You're
text: much prettier than them.
text: They sit and eat their lunches. Linda has her
text: perennial diet lunch of yogurt and raw vegetables.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Yeah but they look more
dialog: sophisticated. You'd probably think
dialog: they'd be better in bed.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What do you mean 'better in bed.'
dialog: You either do it or you don't.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: No there are variables that, like,
dialog: I might not be good at.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What variables?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Like, you know, giving blow jobs.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What's the big deal?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Well I never did it.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: There's nothing to it.
text: She takes out a carrot stick and eases it down her
text: throat. Stacv tries one but chokes.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: You just have to practice a little
dialog: first.
dialog: (feels her throat)
dialog: Relax these muscles. Think of your
text: throat as an open tunnel.
text: The girls try sliding the carrot sticks down their
text: throats without gagging.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON A BOY
text: at the next table; sees them and points them out to
text: his companions.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What happens... don't laugh at me,
dialog: but when a guy has an orgasm... you
dialog: know, like, how much comes out.
text: Stacy stops practicing and looks horrified. Linda
text: laughs.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Just kidding. About 10cc.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (enlightened)
dialog: Oh! That's where that group got its
dialog: name from.
text: They continue practicing as the boys look on. Stacy
text: manages to get almost a whole carrot down her
text: throat to Linda's amazement.
text: The group of boys break out in applause.
text: Stacy looks very embarrassed.
scene_heading: INT. BIOLOGY LAB - DAY
text: The class is situated so that all students sit at
text: Bunson burner tables lining the room.
text: Pat is seated at one of the tables and Stacy takes
text: a seat nearby; she looks at the ledge in front of
text: her. It contains a pig embryo. She listens to the
text: conversation next to her.
speaker_heading: GIRL STUDENT
dialog: I'll tell you right now. I'm not
dialog: going. I'll get sick or something.
dialog: I'm not going into a room with a
text: bunch of dead guys.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: You'll go. It's part of the final.
speaker_heading: GIRL STUDENT
dialog: (a Pat Benatar)
dialog: Have you heard what they do? I'm
dialog: serious. Have you heard?
scene_heading: BOY STUDENT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
text: The bodies are dissected, Mike, and
text: Mr. Vargas pulls out parts of the
text: dead body and holds them up. Okay?
scene_heading: BOY STUDENT
dialog: You mean he reaches in and pulls
dialog: this stuff out?
speaker_heading: GIRL STUDENT
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: BOY STUDENT
dialog: Like a heart?
speaker_heading: GIRL STUDENT
dialog: Hearts, lungs, guts...
text: Stacy strains to hear more, just as Mr. Vargas -- a
text: diminutive man holding a coffee mug -- enters the
dialog: class.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS
dialog: Good day, everyone! I just switched
dialog: to Sanka. I'm running a little slow
dialog: today, so have a heart.
text: ANGLE ON THE RAT
text: He is riveted on Stacy Hamilton, swooning.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: INT. STACY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: We see Stacy's room, a young girl's room with
text: posters and frilly pillows. Stacy is in bed, and
text: her Mother is just leaving the room.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sleep tight, Stacy.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Good night, Mom.
text: Her Mother shuts off the light, exits. Stacy pulls
text: back the covers. She is fully dressed.
scene_heading: EXT. STACY'S WINDOW - NIGHT
text: We see the window to Stacy's room slide slowly
text: open, and watch her slip outside. She hikes down a
text: drainage pipe to the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - NIGHT
text: A brown MG pulls up. Stacy jumps from the shadows
text: and hops in. The car drives away.
scene_heading: INT. RON'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Ron sits behind the wheel, humming casually along
text: to the music on his car stereo.
text: Ron has on a light-brown leather jacket. He looks
text: like a contestant for "The Dating Game."
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (a little nervous)
dialog: Thanks for picking me up.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: No problem.
text: He speeds off, turning up the radio to sing along.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: 'The Cuer-vo Gold, the fi-ine
dialog: Columbian.'
dialog: (eyes Stacy)
dialog: You look nice tonight.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Thanks. So do you.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Where do you feel like going?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I don't know. Wherever you want.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: How about the point?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: The point sounds fine.
speaker_heading: RON
text: (looks at her knowingly)
dialog: All right, the point it is.
text: We see Stacy's anxious face, as the car speeds up
text: Ridgemont Drive, with music.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POINT - NIGHT
text: Stacy and Ron sit in the car, listening to music.
text: The "point" is a natural lookout spot that lovers
text: can "discover." It is behind the baseball field and
text: dugout of Ridgemont High School.
text: Stacy and Ron get out of the car and walk to the
text: baseball dugout.
scene_heading: INT. DUGOUT - NIGHT
text: They sit side-by-side. Above them, a single light
text: bulb shines a very private fifty watts on things.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: That's a nice shirt.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Thanks. Thanks a lot.
text: Silence. They look at each other, look away.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: It's very warm out tonight.
speaker_heading: STACY
text: It is. It's very warm. I wonder how
dialog: long it will last?
text: Ron leans over and kisses Stacy lightly on the
text: cheek. Stacy sits quietly for a moment, thinking,
text: was that the first move? Then she lunges at Ron and
text: kisses him square on the mouth. At first surprised,
text: Ron then holds her there and kisses her in return.
text: After a time, he breaks away.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Are you really nineteen?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Yes... I am really nineteen.
text: They continue making out.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I think I better take you home.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What about those other guys you
dialog: live with?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: No. I mean back to your home.
text: But they make no moves in any direction. They
text: continue making out. Ron begins unbuttoning her
text: blouse and massaging Stacy's breasts. A moment
text: later, he tugs at her pants. Awkwardly, she starts
text: to help him. He tilts her backward onto the
text: concrete dugout bench. They kiss feverishly, her
text: hand pulling off her shoes, then her pants. Ron
dialog: goes to work.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Is this your first time?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: STACY'S POINT OF VIEW
text: as she feels a man enter her for the first time, we
text: see the graffiti above her:
dialog: Surf Nazis
dialog: Lincoln was here -- Sieg Heil
dialog: Led Zeppelin
dialog: Dan y Roberto (Disco Fags)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL LOCKERS - DAY
text: Stacy is standing by her locker, twirling the
text: combination. She is joined by Linda Barrett.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Was it great?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: It was okay.
speaker_heading: I LINDA
dialog: You'll always remember your first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: It was nice.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: So tell me, do you like Ron? Is it
dialog: serious?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Come on, Linda. It's just sex.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Hey! That's my line!
text: They both laugh and walk down the hall.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMILTON HOME - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Stacy arrives home. The Hamilton home has that
dialog: anonymous prepackaged tract look, like many others
text: in this lower-middle class neighborhood.
text: Brad washes his car in the driveway and listens to
text: the car radio.
speaker_heading: BRAD
text: Mom says to clean up the pool.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Why can't you do it?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Your friends use the pool. Your
dialog: friends messed it up.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Your friends use the pool too.
speaker_heading: BRAD
text: I take out the garbage.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Don't strain yourself.
text: Stacy bristles, and heads inside the front door.
scene_heading: INT. HAMILTON LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: The furniture in the Hamilton living room looks
text: like it was gleaned for a sale at Pic 'N Save.
text: Through the living room, one can see a very small,
text: kidney-shaped pool.
text: Stacy checks an erasable telephone message sheet
text: near the refrigerator. There are two names on it:
text: BRAD/STACY. Brad's side is filled with messages.
text: Stacy's is empty.
text: She notices a summer bouquet floral arrangement.
text: Stacy reads the attached note. It reads: "Memories
text: of You, Ron Johnson." She quickly gathers it up and
text: carries it back outside. She fans the door several
dialog: times to dispel the odor.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMILTON DRIVEWAY - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Brad! Have Mom or Dad seen this?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: They're not home yet.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Brad, what would you say if I asked
dialog: you to just put these flowers in
text: the trunk of the Cruising Vessel
dialog: and get rid of them at work?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I'd say... who the hell is Ron
dialog: Johnson?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I'll explain everything later.
text: Brad nods, as Stacy pushes the flowers into his
dialog: arms.
scene_heading: INT. DAMONE'S ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Damone expertly fills two glasses three-quarters
text: full of Kahlua, then adds a few drops of milk.
text: Music is playing on a nearby speaker. Damone hands
text: The Rat a drink and checks himself out in his
dialog: mirror.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: See that moustache coming in, Rat?
text: There is only a hint of peach fuzz, but he grooms
dialog: it anyway.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: See? You can almost press it out.
text: Damone turns around. His friend is preoccupied.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: I am in love.
text: Damone takes a sip of his drink, looks at The Rat.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: You... are a wuss. Part wimp. Part
text: pussy.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: What do you mean -- wuss? This girl
dialog: is my exact type. It's her.
text: Definitely her.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: It's definitely your mama.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Damone, you gotta listen to me.
text: Damone quits puttering around his room with the
text: Kahlua and milk. He grabs a chair and straddles it.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: All right... where did you see her?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: She's in my biology class.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Did you get her number?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Did you get her name?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: No. It's too soon.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: It's never too soon! Girls decide
dialog: how far to let you go in the first
text: five minutes.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Well, what do you want me to do? Go
dialog: up to this strange girl in my
dialog: biology class and say, 'Hello! I'd
dialog: like you to take your clothes off
dialog: and jump on me?'
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: I would. Yeah.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: I can see it all now. This is going
dialog: to be just like the girl you fell
dialog: in love with at Fotomat this
dialog: summer. You bought forty bucks of
dialog: fuckin' film and you never even
dialog: talked to her.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: (woeful)
dialog: You tell me, Mike. What do I do?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Okay. Okay.
dialog: (sighs, but loves it)
dialog: Here's what you do.
text: Damone gets up, moves to the door.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: You start from the second you walk
dialog: into biology. Don't just walk...
text: move across the room.
text: He saunters over to the chair.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't talk to her. Let her know.
dialog: Use your face. Use your body. Use
dialog: everything. This is what I do. I
dialog: just sent out the vibe and I have
dialog: personally found that... girls do
text: respond. Something happens.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Of course something happens. You
dialog: put the vibe out to thirty million
dialog: chicks, you know something's gonna
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: That's the idea, Rat. That's The
dialog: Attitude.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: The Attitude? The Attitude dictates
dialog: that you don't care if she comes,
dialog: stays, lays or prays. Whatever
dialog: happens, your toes are still
dialog: tappin'.
dialog: When you are the cruelest and the
dialog: coolest... then you have The
dialog: Attitude.
text: Damone knocks down the rest of his drink, and we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S JR. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: We see Brad operating at full throttle in the
text: kitchen, and taking a moment to sneak a kiss with
text: his girlfriend Lisa as she goes to the front
text: counter to open up a cash register. She allows him
dialog: only one kiss.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Were those flowers really for me,
dialog: Brad?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: How much did they cost?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Don't worry about it.
text: She gives him a kiss... on the cheek.
speaker_heading: BRAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's go to the Point tonight.
text: She pulls away.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What's there to do at the Point?
text: Brad shifts his weight, tries to find the right
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What's there to do at the Point?
dialog: God, Lisa, we've been going
dialog: together almost two years, and...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Brad. I don't want to have to use
dialog: sex as a tool.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Tool? Tool for what? We've been
dialog: going together almost two years!
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I don't want to talk about it here,
dialog: Brad.
text: Brad prepares to respond. He squints his eyes,
text: prepares for a truly sizzling comeback, when Dennis
text: Taylor, short and prematurely balding assistant
text: manager of Carl's Jr., comes bustling out of his
text: back office. He quickly surveys the situation in
text: the kitchen.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Hamilton! You have fifteen double
dialog: cheese to box!
text: Lisa returns to her cashier post, leaving Brad's
text: last words stalled in his mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMILTON HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: We see the Hamilton's cul-de-sac home. All the
text: lights are off in the house at this hour. Except
dialog: for Brad's room.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S ROOM
text: Brad is alone in his room. He's prone on his neatly
text: made bed, reading a paperback book entitled Power
text: With Class. On the wall of Brad's room is a large
text: framed photo of a Carl's Jr. hamburger.
text: Brad hears a muffled knock at his door.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Come on in.
text: Stacy walks into Brad's room.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Thanks for getting rid of those
dialog: flowers.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Don't worry about it. Who sent the
dialog: flowers?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: It's just some guy I met at
dialog: Swenson's. You don't know him.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I don't care it you tell me or not.
dialog: I got problems of my own.
text: He begins pacing.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Is everything okay at work?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Are you kidding? Work is great. I
dialog: kill at work. I don't even mind Mom
dialog: and Dad making me pay rent.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: You're going to break up with Lisa,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I've been doing some thinking. It's
dialog: my last school year. I'm a single,
dialog: successful guy. I think I want my
dialog: freedom.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Why? Because she won't sleep with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Where did you hear that?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I'm just guessing.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well... it's true.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Maybe you just need to give her
dialog: some time. She's so nice, Brad.
dialog: Everybody loves Lisa.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Everybody loves Lisa. Everybody
dialog: loves Lisa. But everybody doesn't
dialog: have to be her boyfriend.
text: Suddenly, Stacy pops the question.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hey, Brad. Are you still a virgin?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I don't know. I was just curious.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Maybe yes. Maybe no.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: You are a virgin!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I didn't say that.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: But your face did!
text: They laugh. Then Brad turns serious.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Are you still a virgin?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Maybe yes. Maybe no.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Don't give me that shit! I know
dialog: you're still a virgin!
text: Stacy smiles and stands up. She playfully slaps her
text: brother on the arm and walks down the hallway to
text: her room. We can see there is less frill and lace
text: in Stacy's room. The junior high paperbacks are
text: gone. There are no dolls in sight.
scene_heading: EXT. MALL PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Linda and Stacy walk past rows of cars. Stacy stops
text: at a brown MG.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: There... There's his car. I know
dialog: he's at work tonight. He hasn't
dialog: come into Swenson's since he called
dialog: my house. My mother told him I was
dialog: still at high school, after I told
dialog: him I was nineteen. I guess I
dialog: should tell him I'm fifteen.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Don't you dare, you'll never hear
text: from him again.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Does Doug care that you're
dialog: seventeen?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Doug sees beyond that stuff to what
dialog: the person inside is like. That's
dialog: why I'm marrying him.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: If he ever calls again I'll say I'm
dialog: eighteen.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Boy I am so glad to be through with
dialog: all these games.
text: They enter the mall.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. HISTORY CLASS - MORNING
dialog: We are now several weeks into the school year. Mr.
text: Hand is dropping test papers on desks like they are
text: pieces of manure.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
scene_heading: C... D... F... F... F... three
dialog: weeks we've been talking about the
dialog: Platt Amendment. What are you
dialog: people? On dope? A piece of
dialog: legislation was introduced into
text: Congress by Senator John Platt. It
dialog: was passed in 1906. This amendment
dialog: to our Constitution has a profound
dialog: impact upon all of our daily
dialog: liv....
text: Mr. Hand stops on a dime. He is like a champion
text: hunting dog that has just picked up the scent. He
text: scans the room.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is Jeff Spicoli?
text: There is silence in the U.S. history classroom.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw him earlier today near the
dialog: 200 Building bathrooms. Is he still
dialog: on campus?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyone?
text: One student sitting next to Stacy raises his hand.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, Desmond?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
text: I saw him by the food machines.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: How long ago?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Just before class, sir...
text: Mr. Hand snaps his fingers, Hawaii Five-O style.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Okay. Bring him in.
text: Desmond hustles out the door.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: What is this fascination with
dialog: truancy? What is it that gets
dialog: inside your heads?
text: Mr. Hand begins to pace the aisles as he speaks.
text: Occasionally, for emphasis, he bends down to
text: lecture directly into the students' faces.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: There are other teachers in this
dialog: school who look the other way at
dialog: truants.
dialog: (points to attendance clip
dialog: on the doorway)
dialog: It's a little game that you both
text: play. They pretend they don't see
dialog: you, you pretend you don't ditch.
dialog: Who pays the price later? You.
text: Desmond returns to the room with a red-eyed Jeff
dialog: Spicoli.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Hey! Wait a minute! There's no
dialog: birthday party for me here!
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Thank you, Desmond.
dialog: (to Spicoli)
dialog: What's the reason for your truancy?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I couldn't make it in time.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: (in top form)
dialog: You mean, you couldn't? Or you
dialog: wouldn't?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I don't know, mon. The food lines
dialog: took forever.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Food will be eaten on your time!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Why are you continuously late for
dialog: this class, Mr. Spicoli? Why do you
dialog: shamelessly waste my time like
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I don't know.
text: Mr. Hand appears mesmerized. He then turns and
text: heads for the board. He writes in long, large
text: letters as he slams the chalk into the green board.
text: He writes: "I DON'T KNOW".
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: I like that.
text: He stands back and admires it. He turns randomly to
dialog: Stacy.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't you like that, Miss Hamilton?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: I really like that too. 'I don't
dialog: know'... that's nice. 'Mr. Hand,
dialog: will I pass this class?' 'Gee, Mr.
dialog: Spicoli, I don't know'. I like
dialog: that.
dialog: I think I'm going to leave your
dialog: words on this board for all my
dialog: classes to enjoy. Giving you full
dialog: credit, of course, Mr. Spicoli.
text: We hear the blare of the dismissal bell. Stacy and
text: the other students get up to leave. Spicoli stays
dialog: in place. He has just figured out a truly bitchin'
text: comeback... and his mouth is forming the first
text: word, when Mr. Hand cuts him off.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: You can go now.
text: Hand turns back to his desk. The rest of the
text: students have already left. Spicoli's audience is
text: gone. He shrugs and lopes out the door.
scene_heading: INT. RIDGEMONT MALL - AFTERNOON
text: It's Christmas time at the Ridgemont Mall. All
text: three tiers are strung with neon lights, and we
text: hear the sound of the bell-ringing Santas.
scene_heading: INT. SWENSON'S - AFTERNOON
text: Stacy and Linda are enjoying a brief lull in the
text: Christmas season madness. They sit at the sundae
text: bar. Stacy looks forlorn, almost red-eyed, as she
dialog: makes a sundae.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You've got to get used to working
dialog: Christmas. People are always
text: screaming and yelling... then they
dialog: get home and they're all
dialog: Christmasy.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I think Christmas brings out the
dialog: worst in people.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I guess Ron hasn't called yet.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Not since November.
text: Linda nods her head, always the coach.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Stacy, it doesn't look good for the
dialog: relationship.
text: Stacy continues making her ice cream, slapping the
text: scoops onto the stainless steel dish.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Don't you think it meant anything
dialog: to him. Even if I am fifteen?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Stacy. What does it matter? He's a
dialog: stereo salesman. You want to marry
dialog: him? You want to have kids with
dialog: him? You want this guy to come
text: home, fifty years old, and he's
dialog: still got that little Pacific
dialog: Stereo badge on? Come on.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GREGG AND CINDY
text: who are seated at a back table, feeding each other.
text: Stacy looks at her finished sundae.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I should quit this job. I'm going
dialog: to get so fat working here...
dialog: nobody will ever take me out.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Stacy. How many times do I have to
dialog: tell you? You are really going to
dialog: be beautiful... someday.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Thanks a lot.
text: Linda punches Stacy lightly on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Hey -- Ron Johnson? It's his loss.
text: We follow Stacy, as she walks into the dining room
dialog: to serve the sundae.
scene_heading: INT. WHEREHOUSE RECORDS - MALL - DAY
text: We see a group of buzz-cut young toughs, walking in
text: formation, hunched over, sneering and wearing
text: sleeveless U.S. Army fatigue jackets. None of these
text: damaged-looking kids is over the age of fourteen.
text: They pass to reveal this legend on their backs:
scene_heading: LINCOLN SURF NAZIS.
text: Angle on Mike Damone and Mark Ratner, who are
text: standing by the upcoming concert list posted on the
text: door to Wherehouse Records. Damone sees the Surf
text: Nazis pass, turns to Mark Ratner, who is still
text: wearing his Cinema Four jacket.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: The business is changing, Rat. I'll
dialog: tell you, these kids today... they
dialog: don't even listen to Aerosmith.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: I hear they all dress like that at
dialog: Lincoln now.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: There used to be three or four of
dialog: those guys. Now we see 'em every
dialog: time we come to the mall.
text: Damone is approached by a couple of young ticket
dialog: Customers.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER #1
dialog: Got any Blue Oyster Cult tickets?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: No Cult. I ate twenty-four pairs of
dialog: Blue Oyster Cult tickets last time
dialog: around. I was this close to working
dialog: at 7-11. No Cult.
text: Suddenly we see all ticket business stop. Damone
text: and his customers see someone menacingly coming
text: directly for them. The small crowd parts as Charles
text: Jefferson, football duffel bag in hand, walks up.
text: With him is a thick, tough, miniature version of
text: himself. This is Little Charles. They both stop in
text: front of Damone.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: (after long look)
dialog: When is Earth, Wind and Fire
dialog: coming?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: (respectfully)
dialog: I'm really not sure. I haven't
dialog: heard anything yet, but I'll let
dialog: you know the second there is the
dialog: slightest news, sir.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: I'm taking my little brother.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Excellent. So that will be two
dialog: tickets... All right. Fine, sir.
text: Jefferson and L.C. push past the customers.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER #2
dialog: Wow. He really lives here. I
dialog: thought he just flew in for the
dialog: football games.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: (gaining composure)
dialog: Shit, he's my man. He knows where
dialog: to come for tickets.
text: Damone turns to The Rat.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, Rat. Are you ready for the
dialog: moment of truth?
text: The Rat adjusts his jacket, and nods.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: She is immune to my charms.
text: They walk together towards Swenson's, as The Rat
text: drapes his aqua-blue Cinema Four jacket around his
text: shoulders, like a French film director. Damone
text: walks a few steps, then stops Rat.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Hey, Rat.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Ace the jacket.
text: The Rat considers the suggestion, gets rid of the
text: jacket. They continue towards Swenson's.
scene_heading: EXT. SWENSON'S - DAY
text: The Rat pulls open the door to Swenson's. He walks
text: toward the counter to Stacy Hamilton.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hi. May I help you?
text: The Rat feels the beginnings of cold panic, but
text: barges through nonetheless.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Yes. I have two questions. I was
dialog: curious...
text: His voice becomes a shade deeper. He begins to pull
dialog: The Attitude together.
speaker_heading: THE RAT (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you do with the jackets
dialog: people leave here?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We keep them.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: You keep them.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: We keep them, in case the people
dialog: come back.
text: She reaches under the counter and pulls out a
text: cardboard box with some rumbled jackets and other
dialog: items.
speaker_heading: STACY (CONT'D)
dialog: Here they are. You can look through
dialog: it, if you want.
text: The Rat chuckles to himself, struggling with The
dialog: Attitude.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: It's cool. It would take too much
dialog: time to go through all that stuff.
dialog: I'll just pick up a new one.
text: Stacy smiles. He's obviously awkward, and she likes
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What's your other question?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: My other question is... can-I-have
dialog: your-phone-number-so-I-can-ask-you
dialog: out-sometime?
text: To The Rat's surprise, Stacy continues smiling.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Do you have a pen? This one's out
dialog: of ink.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Oh... yes.
text: He pulls one out of his jacket pocket, gives it to
text: her. Stacy writes her name and phone number on a
text: scrap of paper and gives it to him. The Rat looks
text: at the paper.
speaker_heading: THE RAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Stacy. Nice to meet you, Stacy. My
dialog: name is Mark Ratner.
text: He sticks out his hand, and they shake. We see The
text: Rat turn around and walk out of Swenson's.
scene_heading: EXT. SWENSON'S - AFTERNOON
text: The Rat exits with ultimate cool. He sees Damone
text: waiting just off to the side, talking to some
text: girls. The Rat nods, gives him the thumbs-up.
text: Damone returns the gesture. All-Attitude.
scene_heading: EXT. CARL'S JR. - MORNING
dialog: Carl's is happening tonight. There are lots of kids
text: inside. We hear charging rock music -- "Girls Got
text: Rhythm" by AC/DC -- coming from a radio in the back
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S JR. BATHROOM - MORNING
text: Inside the bathroom, Brad Hamilton applies the
text: Carl's scrub brush to a felt tip graffiti message
text: near the mirror: I EAT BIG HAIRY PUSSY. He pauses
text: and catches himself in the mirror. He adjusts his
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (talking to mirror)
dialog: Lisa? I have something to tell you.
dialog: Look, I'm a senior now.
dialog: I'm a single, successful guy and
dialog: I've got to be fair to myself.
dialog: Lisa... I think I need my freedom.
text: Brad pauses, looks at the mirror soulfully.
speaker_heading: BRAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Aw, don't do that... don't take it
dialog: personally, okay? Please? I knew
dialog: you'd understand, because...
text: The bathroom door opens -- it's Arnold, the boy who
dialog: Brad got a job.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Brad! I know you're on your break,
dialog: but would you cover me on register
dialog: three?
text: Brad nods, exits:
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S JR. COUNTER
text: Brad stands at the register.
text: We see a prominent display over Brad's head: TRY
text: OUR 100% GUARANTEED BREAKFAST. The last of many
text: harried businessmen customers gets his breakfast
text: order and takes his seat.
text: Brad is joined by Dennis Taylor, the Assistant
dialog: Manager.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Come on. Clean that counter off
dialog: Brad. Let's go. Play ball.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Okay, Dennis.
text: Brad begins polishing the counter and Dennis Taylor
text: returns to his office at the back of the kitchen.
text: Brad watches him disappear behind the door that
text: says: ASSISTANT MANAGER.
text: As soon as Dennis disappears behind the door, the
text: one Businessman in the place rises and returns to
text: the counter.
speaker_heading: BRAD (CONT'D)
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: May I help you?
text: The Businessman has short, curly brown hair. He
text: speaks in a whine.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: Yes. This is not the best breakfast
dialog: I ever ate.
text: The Businessman points to the huge display over
text: Brad's head: TRY OUR 100% GUARANTEED BREAKFAST.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And I want my money back.
text: Brad begins searching under the counter.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, I believe you have to fill
text: out a form. There's a pad right
dialog: around here.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: No. I want my money back right now.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, that's not the way it works,
dialog: really. And you ate most of your
dialog: food already, too...
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: See that sign? It says 100% Money
dialog: Back Guarantee. Do you know the
dialog: meaning of the word 'guarantee'? Do
dialog: they teach you that here? Give me
dialog: my money back.
text: Brad begins looking to the restroom. "Where's
dialog: Arnold?"
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I can't do that. But if you wait a
dialog: minute...
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
text: (as if talking to a
dialog: kindergartner)
dialog: Look. Just put your little hand
text: back in the cash register and give
dialog: me my $2.75 back. Okay?
dialog: (looks at name tag)
dialog: Please, Brad?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. Just let me find
dialog: the forms here.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: I am so tired. I am so tired of
dialog: dealing with morons. How hard is it
dialog: to...
text: Brad looks up from under the counter. No amount of
dialog: pay will make him take that kind of insult.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Mister, if you don't shut up, I'm
dialog: gonna kick 100% of your ass.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: Manager!!
text: "Bam!" The door to the Assistant Manager's office
text: swings open, and Dennis comes hurtling out of the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Can I help you, sir? Is there a
dialog: problem?
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: You bet there's a problem! Your
dialog: employee used profanity and
dialog: threatened me with violence! I'm
dialog: shocked, frankly. I've eaten here
dialog: many times and I've always enjoyed
dialog: the service -- until today!
text: Angle on bathroom door as it opens and Arnold
text: starts towards the register. He quickly sees the
text: incident with the irate Businessman and ducks back
text: inside the bathroom.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All I wanted was my money back for
dialog: this breakfast. It was a little
dialog: undercooked. And this young man
dialog: threatened me. Now I plan to write
dialog: a letter! I plan to...
text: Dennis wheels around to Brad.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Did you threaten this man or use
dialog: profanity in any way?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: He insulted me first. He called me
dialog: a moron.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Did you threaten this customer or
dialog: use profanity in any way?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You're fired.
text: Brad looks around, expecting his friends to defend
text: him. Dave and Rich seem very occupied with their
text: work. Brad is stunned.
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Businessman)
dialog: I'm very sorry this happened to
dialog: you, sir.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: Then Brad unhooks his fryer's apron and throws it
text: on the counter. He grabs a backpack and walks out
text: of the place. On the way, he bangs the bathroom
text: door with his fist.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I hope you had a hell of a piss,
dialog: Arnold.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S ROOM - DAY
text: He arrives back in his room and locks the door. He
text: yanks the burger picture off his wall, dumps it
text: into the trash. Then he takes it back out of the
text: trash and cracks the cardboard picture and plastic
text: frame in half.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS
text: We are in the middle of a deep, dark void. After a
text: moment, a pinprick of light appears in the
text: distance. We head towards the light. We are being
dialog: led somewhere important.
text: As we draw still closer, curtains suddenly part to
text: reveal a wildly cheering studio audience. We hear
text: the voice of Merv Griffin.
speaker_heading: MERV GRIFFIN (O.S.)
dialog: Will you please give a warm welcome
dialog: to... Jeff Spicoli!
text: The Merv Griffin Show band begins playing a Merv
text: Griffin Show version of AC/DC's "Highway to Hell".
text: Someone hands Jeff Spicoli a microphone. He works
text: the studio audience into a frenzy as he sings the
text: words to "Highway to Hell": Merv Griffin show
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Layin' ladies!
dialog: Drinkin' wine!
dialog: You gotta dollar --
dialog: You're a friend of mine!
dialog: Gettin' loose!
dialog: Feelin' fine!
dialog: You and me -- It's get down time!
dialog: We're on the Highway to Hell!
dialog: The Highway to Hell!'
text: Spicoli finishes up with a spectular pump. The
text: audience goes wild as Merv Griffin greets him
text: warmly, and guides Spicoli to his seat. Spicoli
text: motions for the cheers to die down. Griffin is
text: obviously happy to see him. He touches Spicoli's
text: arm lightly.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: How've you been?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Outrageous, Merv. Nice to be here.
dialog: I feel great.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I was going to say... your eyes
text: look a little red.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I've been swimming, Merv.
text: The audience howls. It's a famous Spicoli line.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Seriously, Merv, everything is
dialog: great.
dialog: I was thinking about picking up
dialog: some hash this weekend, maybe going
text: up to the mountains.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: I wanted to talk a little bit about
dialog: school, if I could...
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: School.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: School is no problem. All you have
dialog: to do is go to get the grades. And
dialog: if you know something, all you have
dialog: to do is go about half the time.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: How often do you go?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I don't go at all.
text: The audience is howling again. He is Merv's
dialog: favorite guest.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I hear you brought a film clip with
dialog: you. Do you want to set it up for
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Well, it pretty much speaks for
dialog: itself. Peter, you want to run with
dialog: it?
scene_heading: EXT. A MASSIVE WAVE - DAY
text: The film clip begins. It is a mammoth wave cresting
text: against the blue sky.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (V.O.)
dialog: Merv, this is the action down at
text: Sunset Cliffs at about six in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (V.O.)
text: Fascinating.
text: A tiny figure appears at the foot of the wave.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: That's me, Merv.
text: The audience gasps.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (V.O.)
dialog: Are you going to ride that wave?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Totally.
text: We watch as Spicoli catches the perfect wave, and
text: it hurtles him through a turquoise tube of water.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: What's going through your mind
dialog: right here, Jeff? The danger of it
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Merv, I'm thinking... I've only got
dialog: about four good hours of surfing
dialog: left before these little clowns
dialog: from junior high start showing up
text: with their boogie boards.
text: The audience is howling once again... when suddenly
text: we hear the loud noise of a door opening, followed
text: by a shrill voice. It is Spicoli's eight-year-old
dialog: brother, Curtis.
text: Jeff Spicoli's dream of glory evaporates.
scene_heading: INT. SPICOLI'S TRAILER HOME - MORNING
text: It is a messy trailer, part of a trailer park by
text: the sea. Spicoli's area is small, but he has made
text: it his own. The walls are covered with posters,
text: almost all of them naked centerfolds. It is obvious
text: Spicoli's parents are not welcome in his room.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Dad says you have to get up!
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Ugh.
text: He groans, starts to struggle out of bed.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave me alone!
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Dad says you're late again, you
dialog: butthole!
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Leave me alone.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Dad says!
text: Spicoli reaches over to the floor next to his bed.
text: He pulls a snorkel from the mess, heaves it at the
text: door and his little brother. It bounces off the
text: wall and doesn't even hit Curtis, but the kid
text: starts crying anyway.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
text: Daaaaaaaad! Jeff threw a snorkel at
dialog: me!!!!!!
text: Spicoli gets out of bed, groans again, and kicks
text: the door shut.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT GYMNASIUM
text: celebrating the big game with rival Lincoln High
text: School. We see Jeff Spicoli stumble from the
text: direction of the parking lot. He heads into the
text: gym, which is already full for a mandatory
dialog: assembly.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - DOORWAY - DAY
text: Spicoli wanders into the assembly, takes a seat on
text: a corner bleacher. He sits just below Brad Hamilton
dialog: and Lisa.
text: On podium in front of assembly, Cindy Carr and
text: another cheerleader, Dina Phillips, are making a
dialog: presentation before the school.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: I just want to say that we are not
dialog: 'Spirit Bunnies' anymore. We always
dialog: hated that name. It bugged the heck
dialog: out of Dina and me...
speaker_heading: DINA
dialog: It's just such a put down.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: They don't call the Chess Club
dialog: 'Checker Champs' or anything like
dialog: that. We're going to go to
dialog: everything this year, you guys.
dialog: We're going to go to soccer,
dialog: wrestling, basketball...
dialog: everything. We know you've got a
dialog: lot of spirit! Everybody --
dialog: riiiiiight? And we're gonna destroy
dialog: Lincoln next week? Riiiiiiight?
text: ANGLE ON THE STUDENTS OF RIDGEMONT
text: They don't respond.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JEFF SPICOLI
text: who is asleep in the bleachers.
text: ANGLE ON BRAD AND LISA
text: sitting nearby. We hear them over the drone of the
dialog: assembly.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Man, I don't even want to see those
text: guys from Carl's again.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: If you'd apologize I think Dennis
dialog: would take you back.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Apologize to that wimp? No way.
dialog: Fuck Dennis Taylor.
text: They sit in silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: BRAD (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm just glad we're still together,
dialog: Lisa, because I need you this year.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Look, Brad, I've been trying to
dialog: think of a way to tell you this.
dialog: We're almost out of high school,
dialog: this is our last year. I think we
dialog: owe it to ourselves to be free, and
dialog: meet some new people. Then, if we
dialog: get back together, we'll know it's
dialog: the right thing.
text: TIGHT ANGLE ON BRAD'S FACE
text: as he accepts the news.
speaker_heading: LISA (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But I still want to be friends.
text: TIGHT ANGLE ON BRAD'S FACE
text: as it falls slack.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - PODIUM IN FRONT OF ASSEMBLY
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: We're going to be going to every
dialog: game this year. We just want the
dialog: crowd to participate and we want
dialog: spirit from every little person in
dialog: this entire school. Allll-Riiiight?
text: There is unenthusiastic, minor applause from the
text: assembled students of Ridgemont High. Vice
text: Principal Ray Connors, a tough-looking man with an
text: H.R. Haldeman crew cut, approaches the podium. He
text: has a sour look on his face.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Well, thank you, girls. People,
dialog: don't forget, the big game is one
dialog: week away. We'll see everybody back
dialog: here on Monday and have a good
dialog: weekend.
text: For the first time during this assembly, there is a
text: loud and hearty applause.
text: A GRAINY HIGH SCHOOL FILM 57
text: We are suddenly watching a movie shown on a class
text: projection screen. We see footage of a serene,
text: middle-class neighborhood -- as seen through the
text: glass windshield of a car. Judging from the other
text: vehicles parked on the street, the film is from the
text: early Sixties. We hear the narrative voice of Desi
text: Arnaz, speaking in his inimitable Latin accent.
speaker_heading: ARNAZ
dialog: Driving ess an important part of
dialog: each and every one of our da-ily
dialog: lives. Ees a responsibility like no
dialog: o-ther and ess a matter of life
dialog: and...
text: A ball comes rolling out into the serene street. A
text: small child runs out after it. The driving of our
text: vehicle brakes, but not in time. The film freeze
text: frames on the terrified face of a child about to be
text: splattered.
speaker_heading: ARNAZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Death.
text: There is a swell of dramatic music.
speaker_heading: ARNAZ (CONT'D)
dialog: They have foun'... The Braking
dialog: Point.
text: The words flash on the screen and we hear a high
text: school Driver's Training class groan in mock
dialog: horror.
scene_heading: INT. DRIVER TRAINING CLASS - DAY
text: ANGLE ON CHARLES JEFFERSON AND BRAD HAMILTON
text: who are seated in this class.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LINDA AND STACY
text: sitting together in the class. They are oblivious,
text: lost in conversation.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What do you think of that guy who
dialog: works at the theatre? You know,
dialog: Mark Ratner.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh, come on. What is he? Fifteen?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Sixteen.
text: Linda looks nauseous.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Just watch out if he pulls up in a
text: van, and then puts on a Led
dialog: Zeppelin tape.
scene_heading: INT. DRIVER TRAINING CLASS
text: The film returns to another serene street scene as
text: seen through another front windshield.
speaker_heading: ARNAZ
dialog: The driver here has had jus' two
text: drinks. Two drinks at the home of a
dialog: frien'.
text: We hear the very-present sounds of Driver's
dialog: Training students.
speaker_heading: STUDENT #1
dialog: He's fucked-up, Ricky!
speaker_heading: STUDENT #2
dialog: They guys a drunk, Ricky!
speaker_heading: ARNAZ
dialog: And although this driver thinks he
dialog: ees drivin' well, he may be 'doing
dialog: okay, but he forgets to per-ceive
dialog: what ees real goin' on...
text: In the film, another car comes barreling from the
text: left, running a stop sign and exploding into the
text: side of the two-drink goner. In the class, the
text: Driver's Training students are howling.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT MALL - EARLY EVENING
text: The parking lot is full. Kids and shoppers stream
text: through the entrance in groups of all sizes.
scene_heading: INT. RIDGEMONT MALL
text: All three levels are teeming with kids.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE VIDEO PINBALL ARCADE
text: where we see Jeff Spicoli manning the Missile
text: Command machine. Spicoli wears a red bandana across
text: his forehead. A cigarette dangles from his mouth.
text: He is surrounded by a fleet of young surfers who
text: listen to him with reverence.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Be noble. Be aggressive. The thing
dialog: about Missile Command is to
dialog: decimate before you can be
text: decimated. Just like in real life.
text: The youngsters hang on every word of the sage
dialog: advice.
text: ANGLE ON A GANG OF SURF NAZIS
text: walking in formation.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MIKE DAMONE AND MARK RATNER
text: walking the mall.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Check it out, Rat. The Surf
text: Nazis... out for a Sunday stroll.
text: Damone and The Rat walk on. The Rat is barely
text: interested. He appears deep in thought.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: What do I say after she gets in the
dialog: car?
text: Damone, obviously in his element here at the mall,
text: stops to flash a winning smile at a well-built
text: older housewife.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: No problem, Rat. What you need is
dialog: my special Five Point Plan.
text: As he talks, Damone passes a Country Farms shop. He
text: plucks a free sample of cheese and sausage.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Knock it off, Damone. I need real
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: What do you mean? Men have died
dialog: trying to obtain this information.
dialog: I will give it to you for free.
text: The Rat and Damone continue on.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Okay. Tell me. What's the Five
dialog: Point Plan?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: All right. Pay attention.
text: The Rat nods, always the student, as they pass a
text: Wherehouse Record store. Damone stops right in
text: front of a seductively posed life-sized cardboard
text: stand-up of Debbie Harry, the alluring rock singer.
text: Damone begins his speech.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: First of all, Rat... never let on
dialog: how much you like a girl.
text: Damone turns to the cardboard cutout of Debbie
text: Harry to demonstrate.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: (disinterested)
dialog: Oh. Hi.
dialog: (turns back to The Rat) )
dialog: Two. Always call the shots.
text: He turns to Debbie Harry, who looks on with an
text: inviting cardboard smile.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Kiss me.
dialog: (to The Rat)
dialog: Three. Act like wherever you are,
dialog: that's the place to be.
dialog: (to Debbie Harry;
dialog: debonair) )
dialog: Isn't this great?
dialog: (to The Rat)
text: Four. When ordering food, find out
dialog: what she wants and then order for
dialog: both of you... it's a classy move.
dialog: (to Debbie Harry; Cary
dialog: Grant)
dialog: And the lady will have...
dialog: (to The Rat)
dialog: Five. And this is most important.
dialog: When you get down to making out,
dialog: whenever possible, put on the first
text: side of Led Zeppelin IV.
dialog: (to Debbie Harry;
dialog: seductive)
dialog: Why don't you put this tape on? It
dialog: sounds great in the back of my
dialog: van... why don't we listen from
dialog: there?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DEBBIE HARRY
text: with the same inviting smile.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: And that is how you talk to a girl,
dialog: Rat. Voila. You can't miss.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: I think I've got it. Once I get
dialog: going, I'll be okay. But... how do
dialog: I get started? I mean, I hardly
dialog: know her.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: You wuss. It's no problem. One
text: person says something to the other
dialog: and that's how it starts...
text: Standing there in the front of the Wherehouse, The
text: Rat nods his head and smiles. He's finally
dialog: beginning to understand, and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAT'S CAR - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: We see The Rat behind the wheel of a green Volvo.
text: Stacy sits beside him. They are driving the streets
dialog: of Ridgemont.
scene_heading: INT. THE RAT'S CAR
text: This is it. The Big Date. "Led Zeppelin IV" is on
text: the car stereo of his sister's van.
dialog: Finally...
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Thanks for coming to get me.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Sure thing.
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAT'S CAR
text: He rounds the corner of Luna Street, off the neon
text: fast-food stand that is Ridgemont Drive.
scene_heading: INT. THE RAT'S CAR
text: Yet another silence has fallen. Then, after a
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: This is a nice car.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Yeah. It's my sister's.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Do you have Mrs. George for
dialog: English?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Yeah. She is pretty good.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Yeah. She is pretty good.
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIS RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: They pull into the parking lot of a steak and
dialog: lobster house called The Atlantis.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Joey at Cinema Four said this is a
dialog: pretty good restaurant.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I've heard that, too.
text: The Rat finds a parking spot near the back of the
text: lot, grateful that the long silence is over. He
text: walks with Stacy to the front of The Atlantis.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATLANTIS - NIGHT
text: The Rat and Stacy are escorted by the host to a
text: nearby table. They are given large wooden menus.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Do you know what you want?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I think I'll have the Seafood Salad
dialog: Special.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Excellent.
text: The Rat leans back in the booth. He is starting to
text: feel in control now. Then something hits him. The
text: panic sweeps across his face.
text: Slowly, The Rat reaches back to check his wallet.
text: It's gone.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Oh yeah.
dialog: Cool. Cool was the name of the game. Stay cool.
speaker_heading: THE RAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you mind if I excuse myself for
dialog: a moment?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Not at all.
text: Just as The Rat is about to get up, the Waitress
text: approaches the table.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Are you ready to order here?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Well... sure.
dialog: (settles back down)
dialog: She will have the Seafood Salad
dialog: Special. And I will have... the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Anything to drink?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
text: Two Cokes.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Okay. Thanks.
text: The Rat gets back up again, looking paler by the
text: minute. He excuses himself and walks over to the
text: pay phone by the Atlantis toilets.
text: The Rat dials a number. Damone answers.
scene_heading: INT. DAMONE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: He is sitting in a chair, leaning onto the back two
text: legs, watching television.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Yo.
speaker_heading: THE RAT (V.O.)
dialog: Damone. It's Mark.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Mark. What happened to your date?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: It's happening right now. I'm here
dialog: at the Atlantis. Everything's fine
dialog: except... I left my wallet at home.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Did you go home and get it?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
text: No. It's too late. The food is
dialog: coming and everything. Damone, I've
dialog: got to ask you this favor, and I'll
dialog: never ask you for anything again in
dialog: this lifetime or any other. Will
dialog: you please borrow your mom's car,
dialog: go by my house, get my wallet, and
dialog: meet me back here?
text: There is silence.
speaker_heading: THE RAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Damone, are you there?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: (world-weary sigh)
dialog: I'm really pretty busy...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAMONE'S TELEVISION
text: as we see the flickering images of Leave It To
dialog: Beaver.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: You owe me for this one.
scene_heading: INT. ATLANTIS
text: The Rat hangs up, mildly relieved, and returns to
text: the table.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: INT. STACY AND THE RAT'S TABLE - AN HOUR LATER
text: The Rat and Stacy have finished the meal, and
dialog: desert.
text: ANGLE ON THE CHECK
text: as it sits in a little tray before The Rat.
text: The Waitress approaches the table. It is clear she
dialog: wants to make room for other customers and bigger
dialog: tips.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Are you sure there's nothing else I
dialog: can bring you?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: I'll have one more Coke... Do you
dialog: want another Coke, Stacy?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (quizzical) )
dialog: Sure. I'll... have another Coke.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
text: Two more Cokes.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Two... more... Cokes.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FRONT DOOR
text: as Mike Damone finally walks in. Damone looks over
text: the diners, then feigns great surprise when he sees
dialog: The Rat.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Hey, Mark. Is that you?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Damone! You come here?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: I come for the seafood. It's great!
dialog: Hey... you know what, Mark? I found
dialog: your wallet the other day. You want
dialog: it back?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Wow. I've been looking for that
dialog: thing! Hey, Damone, have you met
dialog: Stacy Hamilton? Stacy, this is Mike
dialog: Damone.
text: Stacy smiles politely, with the slightest sparkle
text: in her eye, as the Waitress returns with the two
dialog: Cokes.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Well, I've gotta be running.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Okay. See ya.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STACY
text: looking strangely at the proceedings.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Nice to meet you, Stacy.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Nice to meet you.
text: Damone leaves. The Rat takes a few quick gulps of
text: Coke, and gets up to pay the bill. As he moves out
text: of camera range, we see the strange look on the
text: faces of waitresses and diners.
scene_heading: INT. THE RAT'S CAR - LATE EVENING
text: The Rat pulls up to Stacy's house in the cul-de
text: sac. He stares straight ahead, like a zombie.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: I had a really nice time tonight.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Me, too. I'm real sorry someone
dialog: broke in and stole your tape deck.
text: The Rat nods glumly.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: I never thought it would happen at
dialog: The Atlantis. Jeez.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Do you want to come inside?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Aren't your parents asleep?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: No, they're away for the weekend.
text: Brad and I are watching the house.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Okay. Sure. I'll come in.
text: We see a confused but interested look on The Rat's
text: face.
scene_heading: INT. THE HAMILTON HOUSE - EVENING
text: They walk in the front door. The Rat stands
text: uncomfortably in the doorway to the living room.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Where's your brother?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I don't know. Probably out. Want
dialog: something to drink?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: No. That's okay.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Well, I'm going to change real
dialog: quick. I hope you don't mind.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Naw. I don't mind.
text: Stacy turns her back and pulls up her hair.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Will you unzip me?
text: ANGLE ON THE RAT'S FACE
text: as the wheels inside his mind start to spin. This
text: can't be what it seems. He unzips Stacy, past her
text: bra, down to the small of her back. It's the first
dialog: time he's ever done anything like that.
speaker_heading: STACY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks!
text: She walks down the hall to her room, easing out of
text: her dress as she walks. She leaves the door to her
text: room open.
speaker_heading: STACY (CONT'D)
dialog: You can come in, if you want!
text: ANGLE ON THE RAT'S FACE
text: He is completely unsure of himself, as he begins to
text: walk down the hall. His heart pounds into his
text: throat. He turns the corner and steps into Stacy's
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. STACY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Stacy stands there, looking gorgeous in an almost
text: seethrough white robe. The Rat pretends not to
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: So... pretty nice house you've got
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Thanks. So...
dialog: (puts hands on hips)
dialog: What do you want to do?
text: ANGLE ON THE RAT'S FACE
text: as he struggles with the memory of Damone's words.
dialog: "Always call the shots."
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Do you want to see some pictures? I
dialog: kept a lot of scrapbooks and
dialog: pictures and stuff from junior
dialog: high. How stupid, right?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Sure.
text: Stacy goes to her closet, reaches up to grab the
text: books from the top shelf. The Rat watches her robe
text: slip up her legs. Then she sits down next to him.
text: Her knee grazes his. It is almost too much for The
text: Rat. Go for it. We see The Rat struggle with the
text: action of putting his arm around her. He almost
text: does, but then reacts as she says suddenly...
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: This is me in the eighth grade. Did
dialog: you have Mr. Deegan?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: (looking pained)
dialog: Oh, yeah. I had Mr. Deegan.
text: Her knee grazes him again. Does she expect
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: THE RAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, Stacy, I want you to know
dialog: that...
text: The Rat struggles. Try as he might, he can't seem
text: to cross the line. He can't make his move. He is
text: woeful as he completes the sentence.
speaker_heading: THE RAT (CONT'D)
dialog: ... I've got to go home.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Do you really have to go?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Well... it's getting kind of late.
text: Suddenly, The Rat is seized with ambition. He
text: reaches one hand around her right shoulder and
text: plants the other hand directly on her left breast.
text: It looks something like a wrestling hold. The Rat
text: looks at Stacy. Stacy looks back at The Rat. The
text: Rat is absolutely frozen.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I guess it is getting late, Mark.
text: She shrugs him off, walks him to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HAMILTON HOME - NIGHT
text: We see The Rat's forlorn face as he trudges towards
text: his car. He stops. He takes a breath -- it wasn't
text: that late, he really didn't want to leave. The Rat
text: turns and begins walking back up the Hamilton
text: steps. Just as he does so, Stacy's bedroom light
text: clicks off. It was too late. He kicks at his car.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: You blew it, asshole.
text: Behind him, recklessly speeding towards Ridgemont
text: Drive, is Charles Jefferson's blue Mustang.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE BLUE MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: Jeff Spicoli is behind the wheel. Sitting next to
text: him is Little Charles, "L.C.", Jefferson's younger
text: brother. They're smoking grass and holding
text: Lowenbrau beers in between their legs. The radio is
text: blasting the music of Rick James.
dialog: L.C.
dialog: Hey, slow down. This is my
text: brother's car.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I thought he was out of town.
dialog: L.C.
dialog: He is.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Then don't hassle it.
text: They speed off down Ridgemont.
dialog: L.C.
dialog: Seen the new Playboy?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Naw. Any good?
dialog: L.C.
text: Suzanne Somers' tits.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: All right.
dialog: L.C.
dialog: I like sex.
text: Spicoli sees something in the rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Hold your beer down, L.C., I think
dialog: it's a cop.
text: Spicoli slows down. The car behind him slows down.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a cop. He's definitely
text: cruising me at busting distance.
text: The high beams switch on behind Spicoli.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck is this guy doing?
text: The car behind Spicoli then advances to the point
text: where it is now almost touching the blue Mustang.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck is this guy doing?
dialog: L.C.
dialog: This ain't no cop.
text: The mystery car bumps them lightly from behind.
speaker_heading: L.C. (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! He's gonna scratch my
dialog: brother's car!
text: The two boys start yelling. High beams fill the
text: Mustang with bright light and...
scene_heading: EXT./INT. MUSTANG AND GRANADA
text: Then mystery car pulls back, then up alongside
text: Spicoli and L.C. on the left. We hear the music on
dialog: the radio of George Thoroughgood's "Ride On,
dialog: Josephine".
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: It's a bunch of Jocks in a Granada!
dialog: L.C.
dialog: They're fuckin' with us.
text: The drivers of the two cars eye each others. Then
text: the Granada begins inching over, trying to force
text: Spicoli off the road.
speaker_heading: L.C. (CONT'D)
dialog: My brother's car!
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: All right. Die, Granada Jocks!
text: Spicoli guns ahead, in a real bullet move, and
text: easily overtakes the Granada. Spicoli is proud of
text: himself. He checks himself out in the rearview and
text: turns to L.C.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you roll your window up,
text: L.C.? It's messing my hair.
text: Spicoli pulls way ahead of the Granada, while L.C.
text: rolls his window up. Spicoli looks over to L.C. and
text: smiles wickedly.
text: Now Spicoli wants to show off. He pushes the pedal
text: to the floor.
dialog: L.C.
dialog: We just missed the turnoff to the
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: You know the thing I love about
text: Mustangs? The steering wheel.
text: Spicoli fingers the bubbles in the wheel.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
text: With a genuine Mustang steering
dialog: wheel, you can negotiate a hairpin
dialog: turn with ease, my man.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. MUSTANG
text: on the word "ease", Spicoli curls his finger into
text: one of the Mustang steering wheel bubbles and whips
text: it clockwise. The idea is to turn off onto a side
text: street and head back to the party. But instead, at
text: the moment of the hairpin turn, L.C. is attempting
text: to switch the radio station. Spicoli crooks his
text: finger farther into the bubble than he expected.
text: The car swings in a complete circle, a circle that
text: includes a bright yellow fire hydrant. The hydrant
text: rips the side of the car open like a can of tuna.
text: There is a silent moment of terror.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Are you okay?
text: There is silence. Outside the smashed car, the
text: Granada Jocks pass Spicoli and L.C.
speaker_heading: GRANADA JOCKS
dialog: Fuck youuuuuuuuuu!
text: Then L.C. stirs and utters his first words.
dialog: L.C.
dialog: My brother is going to kill us.
dialog: He's gonna kill you and then he's
dialog: gonna kill me. He's gonna kill us.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Just be glad you're all right.
dialog: L.C.
dialog: My brother is gonna shit.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Make up your mind. Is he gonna
dialog: shit, or is he gonna kill us?
dialog: L.C.
dialog: First he's gonna shit. And then
dialog: he's gonna kill us..
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Will you just relax, mon? He's not
dialog: gonna kill us. My father is a
dialog: television repairman. He's got all
dialog: kinds of tools. I can fix-this car.
dialog: L.C.
dialog: You can't fix this car, Spicoli.
text: ANGLE ON THE BLUE MUSTANG
text: waffled and mangled. It is just inches away from
text: scrap iron.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I can fix it.
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF SHOTS
text: as we see Ridgemont High gearing up for its big
text: Homecoming Game against Lincoln. We see a series of
text: shots of kids talking about it, wagering on the
dialog: chances of a Ridgemont victory. We see the many
text: signs and placards all over school, proclaiming
text: Ridgemont revenge. We see students lining up to
dialog: vote for Homecoming King and Queen in the
text: gymnasium. It is the most spirit that Ridgemont has
dialog: shown this year.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT SCHOOL - FLAGPOLE - DAY
text: From the back of the parking lot, we see a crowd
text: around the flagpole. A group of kids are staring at
text: something. They sadly shake their heads at the
text: sight, as if they are witnessing a funeral.
text: As we draw closer, we see the center of commotion.
text: It is an ugly sight. Someone had wrecked Charles
text: Jefferson's Blue Scholarship Mustang and welded it
text: to the flagpole. Spray-painted on the side was the
text: message: LINCOLN SURF PUNKS RULE.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT BLEACHERS - NIGHT
text: The Ridgemont football bleachers are full of
text: cheering students. We see the same basic groups
dialog: from lunch court, and many more.
text: The cheerleaders are on the field -- Cindy Carr,
text: Dina Phillips and company -- and their cheerleader
text: "husbands" sit directly in front of them in the
text: stands. Linda and Stacy sit in the bleachers with
text: some of the Swenson's girls. The Rat and Damone sit
text: several rows above them, watching. The teachers sit
text: together in another section.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRAD HAMILTON
text: who is again sitting alone in the bleachers.
text: Watching. Several old lunch court friends pass by,
text: on their way to the concession area.
speaker_heading: STUDENT #1
dialog: Hey, Brad! How's going?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: STUDENT #2
dialog: Where you working?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Fish and chips place.
speaker_heading: STUDENT #1
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Just a fish and chips place.
text: Brad says nothing more. The students look at each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: We'll be seeing you, Brad!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (sullen)
dialog: Later.
scene_heading: EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD - THE GAME - NIGHT
text: Everyone is cheering the amazing game on the field.
text: Charles Jefferson is poised on the offensive line.
text: He mutters a string of obscenities at the opposing
text: Lincoln player. The ball is snapped, and Charles
text: Jefferson comes directly at the player with both
text: elbows up and angled to hit inside his helmet. The
text: Lincoln player is hit and keels over.
text: Charles Jefferson sets up for another play. The
text: ball is snapped. Ka-boom. Down falls another
text: Lincoln player. Jefferson doesn't know who it was
text: who wrecked his Mustang, but he wasn't about to
dialog: spare any of them. There is pure madness in his
text: eyes. It has taken him over.
text: The Ridgemont points rack up. Jefferson is single
text: handedly maiming Lincoln for Homecoming.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT BLEACHERS - NIGHT
text: We see Jeff Spicoli and L.C. sitting calmly in the
text: bleachers, watching.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I think we may have gotten away
dialog: clean.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD AND SCOREBOARD
text: The half-time gun fires and the score is 36-7...
text: Ridgemont. Even the Ridgemont players steer clear
text: of Charles Jefferson as they return to their locker
dialog: room.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HAMILTON POOL - HOT AFTERNOON - SEVERAL
speaker_heading: WEEKS LATER
text: Linda and Stacy are sitting by the pool, dressed in
text: string tie bathing suits. They are listening to the
text: music of Tom Petty's "Breakdown" playing on the
text: living room stereo. Linda luxuriously applies
text: suntan lotion to her chest and legs, in long and
text: writhing strokes. Stacy reads a book. It's called
text: Total Orgasm. Several beats pass.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I sent a letter to Doug today. I'll
dialog: be so glad when he gets out here.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (engrossed in book)
dialog: You really ought to look at this,
text: Linda. There's a drawing on every
dialog: page... and all these quizzes. It's
dialog: like school.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Why don't you put your mother's
dialog: secret book back?
text: Linda continues regally applying lotion.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Listen to this... 'What are your
dialog: mate's three most erogenous zones?'
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (automatic)
dialog: Okay, penis, that's one, balls...
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Wouldn't penis and balls be the
dialog: same category?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You're right. Probably penis, mouth
dialog: and neck.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: All right! Here's another one. 'The
dialog: most satisfactory lovemaking occurs
dialog: when your mate climaxes first, you
dialog: climax first, you and your mate
dialog: climax together?'
speaker_heading: LINDA
text: Climax together.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Does that ever happen?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No. But it's a nice idea.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Listen to this ... it says 'Most
dialog: women derive pleasure from sex, but
dialog: they don't have real orgasms.'
text: Linda stops applying lotion, considers that
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Well... they obviously don't know
dialog: about Doug.
text: They laugh. Linda resumes applying the lotion.
text: Stacy continues reading the book. A couple of beats
dialog: pass.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: How long does Doug take?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I don't know. Thirty to forty
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What's Doug do in Chicago?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: He works for the airline. He'll be
dialog: out here. You'll meet him.
text: Stacy looks at Linda, almost disbelieving.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (wistful)
dialog: He's no high school boy.
text: There is a noise by the side fence leading into the
text: Hamiltons' backyard. It is Mark Ratner and Mike
text: Damone. They are already wearing swimsuits.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Hey! We came over to help you with
dialog: Math homework!
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Oh, really?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Really. We figured you needed the
dialog: help. On such a hot day.
text: Stacy quickly stashes the book in a stack of towels
text: beside her. She leans over to Linda and speaks
text: confidentially.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I think they're both virgins.
text: Stacy smiles, gets up and goes over to the fence.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I didn't ask for any help. Did you,
dialog: Linda?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Well, that's exactly why I brought
dialog: some Wisk for the jacuzzi.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: O-kay, you guys can come swimming.
dialog: But you have to leave as soon as my
dialog: Mom gets home. Okay?
scene_heading: EXT. HAMILTON POOL
text: Mike Damone yells "banzai!" and dives into the
text: small pool. At one end of the pool is the jacuzzi,
text: which is separated by a tile wall. Damone has
text: already poured the Wisk into the jacuzzi, and the
text: detergent has created a huge bubble bath effect.
text: Damone surfaces and flips into the jacuzzi.
text: Stacy, looking great in a green bikini, sits
text: kicking her legs by the side of the pool. Linda
text: stands on the board. She is poised to dive. The Rat
text: treads water and stares at both girls. Inside the
text: Hamilton living room, the family stereo plays the
text: music of Deep Purple's "Woman From Tokyo".
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Hey, Linda! I'll judge your dive.
dialog: I'm a champion diver myself.
text: Brad arrives home by the side gate and slams it
text: behind him. He is home from a bad day at work. He
text: walks out onto the patio and stands with his hands
text: on his hips. For the first time, our former campus
text: hero looks absurd. He is still in his uniform from
text: Captain Kidd Fish and Chips -- it is a blue and
text: white striped Pirates of the Caribbean outfit,
text: complete with black plastic sword at the side, and
text: a ridiculously large Ponce de Leon-esque hat. Brad
text: carries the hat under his arm.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Does Mom know you have company?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: It's just Linda. And Mark from
dialog: school.
text: Brad ignores the underclassmen, and notices Linda
text: on the board in her maroon bikini. He smiles.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Hi, Linda.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Hi, Brad.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, you guys, keep it down. I've
dialog: got some work to do upstairs.
text: Brad turns and heads back inside. He is just out of
text: earshot when they begin talking about him.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: God, he hardly even talks anymore.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I know. He hates to have to wear
dialog: uniforms.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Poor guy.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Really.
text: Stacy breaks the spell by jumping into the water,
text: surfacing, and flipping over the tile wall into the
text: Jacuzzi. She sits next to Damone, looking
text: mischievous.
text: ANGLE ON DAMONE AND STACY IN THE JACUZZI
text: talking while the others are at the other end of
dialog: the pool.
text: ANGLE ON THE RAT
text: casually catching sight of them together from the
text: other side of the pool. We can read the emotions on
text: The Rat's face. He is still taken with Stacy, but
text: his big moment for her appears to have passed.
text: ANGLE ON DAMONE AND STACY IN THE JACUZZI
text: as they talk.
text: Underneath the water, her leg accidentally knocks
text: against his. Then he feels her continue. Damone
text: feels Stacy's cool hand on his inner thigh. Moving
text: upwards, stopping just short of the bulge in his
dialog: trunks.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAMONE'S FACE
text: as it loosens and quivers just the slightest bit.
text: This is uncharted territory, even for Mr. Attitude.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LINDA
text: who is now sunning herself by the side of the pool.
text: She rubs her legs against each other, slowly,
text: enjoying the hot afternoon.
scene_heading: EXT. BRAD'S WINDOW - ANGLE ON BRAD
text: who is watching Linda from the window in his room.
text: We see him from behind, peeking out the curtains.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - ANGLE ON LINDA
text: who smiles at Damone and flips back into the pool
text: with a splash. Damone steals a look down at his
text: swimsuit. He's popped a big one.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Why don't you get up and do a dive,
dialog: Mike?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Go ahead.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAMONE'S FACE
text: and we know he can't get out of the water yet.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: No. I don't think so. Not right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Chicken!
text: Linda, for one, loses interest quickly. Standing by
text: the side of the pool, she jams a finger in her ear
text: and wiggles it.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Stacy! I've got water in my ears.
dialog: Do you have any Q-Tips?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: God, I don't think so. Better look
text: in the house.
text: Linda towels off and heads back inside the Hamilton
dialog: house. She knows how to walk.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S BEDROOM AND BATHROOM - AFTERNOON
text: We see Brad's room. The Carl's burger picture on
text: the wall is conspicuously missing. There is music
text: playing from his stereo -- Pink Floyd's "You and
dialog: Me".
text: We see Brad. He is kneeling on the bathroom floor,
text: his back to us. His green T-shirt is on, his
text: underwear in a pile on the floor behind him. His
text: arm is pumping slowly. Brad is jacking off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HAMILTON POOL - BRAD'S DAYDREAM
text: It features Linda Barrett, just as she stood on the
text: diving board a moment ago. She is gorgeous. Her
text: breasts seem even bigger than usual. Her nipples
text: are hard, poking through the film maroon string
text: bikini. Water rolls slowly down her cheeks, into
text: the corners of her mouth. Her lips are parted
text: slightly. Her eyes are filled with desire as she
dialog: says...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Hi, Brad.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know how cute I always thought
dialog: you were. I think you're so sexy.
dialog: Will you come to me?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRAD IN DAYDREAM
text: in a nice shirt, his hair combed back and looking
text: great. He walks to Linda. She reaches out and grabs
text: him for a kiss, pulling him close. Then she pushes
text: him away, so he can watch as she carefully unstraps
text: the top of her bathing suit. The incredible Linda
text: Barrett's breasts fall loose.
text: She takes Brad's hands and places them on her, as
text: she begins unbuttoning his shirt. They are just
text: about to fall into passionate lovemaking when we
dialog: hear...
speaker_heading: LINDA (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Brad! Do you have any Q-Ti...
text: The daydream evaporates and we see real life again
dialog: with an...
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S BATHROOM - ANGLE ON LINDA'S FACE
text: in the doorway of Brad's bathroom as she watches
text: the sight before her.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRAD
text: trying to cover himself and act nonchalant and keep
text: his back turned at the same time. The words barely
text: escape his mouth.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Wait just a... minute.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Sorry. I didn't know anybody was in
dialog: here.
text: Linda turns and goes immediately, as if she wants
dialog: to forget what she saw as quickly as possible. She
text: closes the door behind her.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRAD
text: still kneeling. It had all happened so quickly, so
dialog: fast
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Doesn't anybody fuckin' knock
dialog: anymore?
text: He slams the toilet seat down and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. U.S. HISTORY CLASS - DAY
text: The third attendance bell rings, and Mr. Hand
text: strides to the front of the class. He locks the
text: door. Then he takes the front of the class and
text: notices something very different.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JEFF SPICOLI
text: bright and clear-eyed, sitting in the front row.
text: His hands are clasped in front of him on the desk.
text: His textbook is open to the proper page.
text: Mr. Hand is suspicious, but continues with class.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Now in 1898, Spain owned Cuba.
dialog: Outright. Think about it. Cuba,
text: owned by a disorganized parliament
text: 4,000 miles away. Cubans were in a
text: constant state of revolt.
text: Mr. Hand begins pacing the aisles as he talks.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: In 1904, the United States decided
dialog: to throw a little weight around,
dialog: and...
text: There is a brief, sharp knock at the door. Mr. Hand
text: whips his head around, like McGarrett. He
text: approaches the door like a cat.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (sweet voice)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Mr. Pizza.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Again?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Mr. Pizza, sir!
text: Hand swings the door open, out of curiosity. In
text: walks a young Man in a Mr. Pizza delivery shirt.
speaker_heading: PIZZA MAN
dialog: Okay, who had the double cheese
dialog: sausage and bologna?
text: Jeff Spicoli speaks up.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: That's me.
text: The Delivery Man takes the pizza, sets it on the
text: desk, as Spicoli whips out some crumpled dollars.
text: Then he produces yet another crumpled dollar, and
text: presses it into the Delivery Man's hand.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: For you, my man.
text: The Delivery Man thanks him warmly, just as Mr.
text: Hand rages into the picture.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Am I hallucinating here? Just what
dialog: in the hell do you think you're
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Learning about Cuba. Having some
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Mr. Spicoli, you're on dangerous
dialog: ground here. You're causing a major
dialog: disturbance in my class and on my
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: (cool and urbane)
dialog: I've been thinking about this, Mr.
dialog: Hand. If I'm here... and you're
dialog: here... doesn't that make it our
dialog: time?
text: Mr. Hand is so furious he's almost shaking.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: So I thought I'd order us a pizza.
dialog: Just leave me a lot of bologna...
text: Mr. Hand snatches up the pizza, and starts to throw
text: it in the wastebasket. Then he thinks better, and
text: heads for the door. He opens it just as a gang of
text: young Stoners walk past.
speaker_heading: STONER #1
dialog: There's the pizza.
speaker_heading: STONER #2
dialog: Totally!
text: Mr. Hand pushes the pizza into their hands and
text: slams the door.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: You better save some for me, you
dialog: swine!
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: And you, my friend. I'll see you
dialog: for a two-hour detention every
dialog: afternoon this week.
text: Spicoli eases back in his chair, shrugs. It was a
dialog: good idea at the time.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN KIDD FISH AND CHIPS - DAY
text: Brad Hamilton, looks terribly uncomfortable in his
text: Ponce de Leon hat and buccaneer uniform. He rings
text: up an order for an older Customer.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Why aren't you in school, son?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I go to school in the mornings. I
dialog: have a work study program for the
dialog: afternoon.
text: He bags one final coffee and punches up the amount.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: $8.46, please.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Here you go. I have it exactly.
dialog: (sets money down)
dialog: Good luck!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Thank you, and thanks for coming to
dialog: Captain Kidd.
text: Brad loosens his buccaneer scarf, and starts back
text: towards the kitchen. He is stopped by the sudden
dialog: appearance of Captain Kidd Assistant Manager,
dialog: Harold.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Hamilton! I'll take over the fryer.
dialog: Those boys at IBM need some Catch
dialog: of-the-Day boxes, and I told them
dialog: you would personally deliver them
dialog: within the hour. I'll reimburse you
dialog: for gas.
text: Brad dutifully unhooks his apron, to reveal the
text: bottom half of his pirate suit.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Just write me out a bill.
text: While Harold leans down to tally up the fish order,
text: Brad goes to a nearby employee's closet. He has
dialog: completely perfected the art of changing back into
text: his street clothes, and it takes less than a
text: minute. He is just about to finish buttoning his
text: street shirt when Harold sees him.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Hamilton, come over here. What is
dialog: that you've got on?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: This is how I dress all the time.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: But you took off your Captain Kidd
dialog: uniform.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I thought I'd take it off for the
dialog: drive over to IBM. It's kind of
dialog: uncomfortable.
text: Harold can barely fathom the idea.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Come on, Hamilton. You're going
dialog: over there to represent Captain
dialog: Kidd Fish and Chips. We have stores
dialog: all over Southern California. Part
dialog: of our image, part of our appeal is
dialog: in our uniforms. You know that!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You really want me to put all this
dialog: stuff back on?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Yes. I think so. Show some pride,
dialog: Hamilton.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRAD
text: as he stands there, stoic looking.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I don't believe you're asking me to
dialog: do this, but okay.
text: He begins taking off his street shirt. He looks at
text: Harold, looks at the boxes, and returns to the
dialog: closet.
scene_heading: INT. THE CRUISING VESSEL
text: Brad is driving down the freeway, listening to the
text: music of Bruce Springsteen's "Out in the Streets."
text: He pries open one of the fourteen Catch-of-the-Day
text: boxes on the seat next to him and pulls out a small
text: piece of fried fish. Brad takes a bite.
text: The look on his face says it is the worst piece of
text: shit he has ever tasted. He throws the piece out
text: the window, and drives on.
text: Brad turns to see a girl smiling at him from
text: another car. It makes his afternoon. He returns the
text: smile with gusto.
text: ANGLE ON THE GIRL
text: as she bursts out laughing and drives away.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRAD
text: looking perplexed. Then he realizes that he hasn't
text: taken his Ponce de Leon hat off. Brad drives on.
text: A SERIES OF ANGLES ON BRAD'S CAR
text: as we see the Cruising Vessel move down the
text: highway. We see the Captain Kidd hat go flying out
text: the window. Then the plastic sword, and the scarf.
text: Then a couple boxes of Captain Kidd fish. Then the
text: rest of them. We see Brad rip past the IBM
dialog: Building.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT HIGH SCHOOL - AFTERNOON
text: School is out and kids are leaving campus, heading
text: for the parking lot and bus stop. We see Mike
text: Damone carrying some books, walking towards
text: Ridgemont Drive. He is joined by Stacy Hamilton,
text: who hurries to catch up to him.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I can't wait until I can drive next
dialog: year. I walk every day. It's such a
dialog: drag.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Get a ride with somebody.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Sometimes I get a ride with my
dialog: brother. But he usually works in
text: the mornings, and then drives to
dialog: school himself.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: What a guy.
text: Damone turns to her after a moment, all Attitude.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: You know Mark Ratner really likes
dialog: you. You like him?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Mark is a really nice boy...
text: Stacy walks along, then stops and looks at Damone.
speaker_heading: STACY (CONT'D)
dialog: But I think I like you.
text: They turn the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMILTON HOME
text: They have arrived at Stacy's house. There are no
text: cars parked out front. No one is home.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Do you want to come in for a
dialog: second?
text: The Attitude starts to weaken. After a long pause,
text: Damone responds.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Do you have any ice tea?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Sure. Come on in.
text: Stacy unlocks her front door, they go inside.
scene_heading: INT. HAMILTON KITCHEN
text: Damone stands in the white linoleum Hamilton
text: kitchen. Stacy opens the refrigerator door.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I guess the annuals are coming in
dialog: pretty soon. Are you going to get
dialog: one?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Aren't you curious to see how your
dialog: class picture turned out?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: I know what I look like.
text: Stacy places a glass of ice tea in front of him.
text: They are all alone in the house.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Do you want to take a quick swim?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Brad probably has some trunks you
dialog: can borrow... I'm going to my room
dialog: to change!
text: Damone stares straight ahead. She's going to her
text: room to change. Stacy scoots down the hall toward
text: her bedroom.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: This is great ice tea!
scene_heading: INT. STACY'S ROOM - ANGLE ON STACY IN HER ROOM
text: In the middle of changing, she has caught her own
text: reflection in the mirror. She pauses a moment,
text: looking at the young girl looking back.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - ANGLE ON DAMONE IN THE KITCHEN
text: He continues staring straight ahead.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (from other room)
dialog: You don't have to shout! You can
dialog: come back here to my room!
text: Damone doesn't move. He pretends he doesn't hear. A
text: moment later, Stacy comes bounding back down the
text: hall in her green bikini. She grabs Damone by the
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Come with me! I know there's a suit
dialog: in the changing room!
text: She pulls him away.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHANGING ROOM
text: They enter the wood-panelled changing room next to
text: the Hamilton pool. There are two swimsuits hanging
text: from wooden pegs.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Pick a suit.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: I don't know. It's getting pretty
dialog: late...
text: She locks the door to the changing room and begins
text: to walk towards Mike Damone.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Are you really a virgin?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Come on...
text: He could feel his leg starting to shake the
dialog: slightest bit.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: It's okay if it's your first time.
text: She gives him a kiss.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Listen. I feel pretty strange here.
dialog: Because Mark really likes you, and
dialog: he's my friend.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: He's my friend, too.
text: She gives him another kiss. He kisses her in
text: return. Standing there, feeling Stacy in her
text: bikini, feeling her kiss him, Damone also felt some
text: of his reservations slip away.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: You're a really good kisser.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: So are you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Are you shaking?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: (shaking)
dialog: No. Are you crazy?
dialog: It is clear that this is as far as Mr. Attitude has
dialog: ever gotten with a girl. Stacy takes the
text: initiative, rubbing her hands through his hair,
text: rubbing his sides, kissing his neck, then pulling
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Why don't you take off your
dialog: clothes, Mike?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: You first.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: How about both of us at the same
dialog: time?
text: Damone nods, and watches as Stacy unhooks her top
text: and steps out of her bikini bottom. She stands
text: naked in the shadows of the afternoon sun. She sits
text: down naked on a red changing room couch, and
text: gathers her legs up to her chest. She watches as
text: Damone struggles with his clothes.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAMONE
text: hopping on one leg, pulling first out of his pants,
text: then his jockey underwear. Bashfully, he goes to
text: sit next to Stacy on the couch. They begin to kiss,
text: and it quickly escalates into heavy petting. Stacy
text: pulls away.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I want you to know that it's your
dialog: final decision if we should
dialog: continue or not.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Let's continue.
text: Stacy leans back and pulls him on top of her. He
text: enters her and begins pumping so hard, so fast,
text: that he doesn't notice he's banging the sofa into
text: the wall of the changing room.
text: But just as quickly as Damone starts, he stops.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Hey, Mike?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: What? Are you all right?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I think we're making a lot of
text: noise.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
text: He has a strange look on his face.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: I think I came. Didn't you feel it?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I guess I did.
text: They lay there, Damone still on top of her on the
text: red couch.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAMONE
text: as we read the confusion on his face. He is
text: embarrassed, a little confused... mostly he just
dialog: wants to be alone.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: I've got to get home. I've really
dialog: got to go, Stacy.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STACY
text: as she looks up at him. She gives him a kiss.
text: Damone gets up puts his pants and shirt on. He
text: leaves the changing room.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIOLOGY CLASS - AFTERNOON
text: We see Stacy sitting at her usual seat, and she's
text: wearing a bright spring dress with a slight amount
dialog: of makeup.
text: She looks at Damone's seat with anticipation, but
text: it remains empty as other students file in.
text: Finally, she turns to The Rat.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Where's Mike today?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Today's April 16th. Damone never
text: comes to school on April 16th.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What's April 16th?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
text: It's John Bonham's birthday.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: John Bonham?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
text: John Bonham. The drummer for Led
dialog: Zeppelin. He died a couple years
dialog: ago. Every birthday he stays home
dialog: and plays everything John Bonham
dialog: ever recorded. It's like his own
dialog: holiday.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Oh. I see.
text: The bell rings, and Mr. Vargas enters the room with
text: his Sanka cup.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE COUNSELOR'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: Seated at the desk is Mrs. O'Rourke. There is a
text: knock at the door.
text: The door swings open. Brad Hamilton holds out his
dialog: yellow slip.
scene_heading: MRS. O'ROURKE
dialog: Have a seat, Brad... Brad have you
dialog: got your list of college
dialog: applications?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, to tell you the truth Mrs.
dialog: O'Rourke, I've kind of been putting
dialog: it off. I'm not sure what I want to
dialog: do yet.
scene_heading: MRS. O'ROURKE
dialog: (by rote)
dialog: All right Brad. Let me ask you like
dialog: this. If I were queen of the world,
dialog: and I could make you whatever you
dialog: wanted to be, what would it be?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I don't know... Burt Reynolds.
text: There is no humor on Mrs. O'Rourke's face.
scene_heading: MRS. O'ROURKE
dialog: I realize it's important to have
dialog: fun in your senior year, with your
dialog: friends, but there comes a time
dialog: when you have to get serious about
dialog: your future, think about college,
dialog: and put aside all this fun.
text: Brad looks up suddenly.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You know what, Mrs. O'Rourke? I
dialog: broke up with my girlfriend this
dialog: year. I lost my job at Carl's, and
text: two other places. I wake up at 5:30
dialog: to work at 7-11, then I go to
dialog: school, then I go back to 7-11. I
dialog: have to pay rent, you know. My
dialog: grades haven't been that bad, and
dialog: now you're telling me that the fun
dialog: is over. Well, I'm still waiting
dialog: for the fun to start.
scene_heading: MRS. O'ROURKE
dialog: Brad, I'll see you when I'm through
dialog: with the rest of the seniors. If
dialog: you want to visit the career
dialog: office, go right ahead. I'll talk
dialog: to you when you're more prepared.
text: Brad gathers his books and opens the door to leave.
scene_heading: MRS. OIROURKE
dialog: Next!
text: An absolutely exuberant Cindy Carr pops her head in
text: the door.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Hi-yeeeeeeee!!!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT HALLWAY - MORNING
text: The bell has just rung, and Mike Damone comes out
text: of Youth and Law class. He has an absorbed, driven
text: look on his face. He walks past the rows of
text: lockers, and doesn't even notice as he passes Stacy
text: Hamilton standing by her locker. She smiles, grabs
text: his arm affectionately.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hi Mike!
text: Damone turns to see her, is thoroughly unimpressed.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Oh. Hi.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I didn't see you this morning.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Look, I'm kind of in a hurry.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I'm in a hurry too. I just thought
dialog: I could say hi to you.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Hello.
text: He pulls away, leaving a bewildered Stacy standing
text: by her locker. She grabs some books and hurries in
text: the other direction.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL BUS - DAY
text: The bus pulls up to the front entrance of
text: University Hospital. The students file out and
text: collect next to the front door. Mr. Vargas
text: gleefully addresses the class. This is his favorite
dialog: field trip.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS
dialog: Today we're going to explore how
dialog: this hospital works to preserve
dialog: human life.
dialog: We'll be visiting every floor,
dialog: every level where these fine
dialog: doctors and nurses take care of us,
dialog: in life... and in death.
scene_heading: INT. MATERNITY WARD
text: The class exits from a hospital elevator, onto
text: another floor. They are now standing outside the
text: maternity ward. We hear the loud noise of babies.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS
text: Over thirty children are delivered
dialog: here each day...
text: The class moves on.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOTTOM FLOOR
text: The class exits another hospital elevator.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS
dialog: This is part of your third quarter
dialog: exam, and I'd advise you to take
dialog: careful notes on what we're about
dialog: to see.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DR. MILLER
text: a young intern who has joined the class for the
dialog: last part of their tour.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS
dialog: May I just ask you one last time to
dialog: conduct yourselves with the utmost
dialog: maturity...
text: The kids are beginning to get very nervous now as
text: they are led down the hall to the "Cold Room." The
text: door to the "Cold Room" has only one sign on it. It
scene_heading: reads: CADAVERS -- MEDICAL EXAMINATION ONLY. Mr.
text: Vargas opens the door, and the class seems to gasp.
scene_heading: INT. THE COLD ROOM
dialog: There are six examination tables in the "Cold
text: Room". Each of them contains a cadaver covered by a
text: white sheet. Mr. Vargas has gathered the class
text: around one table in particular. He fingers the edge
text: of the white sheet as he talks.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS
dialog: As you know, all the bodies in this
dialog: room are recently deceased human
dialog: bio-structures.
text: A student raises his hand.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS
dialog: Yes, Randy?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Who are these guys?
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS
text: Most of them were derelicts, Randy.
dialog: They sold the right for medical
dialog: examination of their bodies for
dialog: money. Something like thirty
dialog: dollars, I believe. Isn't that
dialog: right, Doctor Miller?
scene_heading: DR. MILLER
dialog: Twenty-five dollars.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JEFF SPICOLI
text: who turns to Stacy.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Twenty-five bucks is pretty good.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS
dialog: Now this gentleman here is named
dialog: Arthur. Arthur died from heart
dialog: failure last week and we are
text: fortunate enough to view his body
text: in its pristine state.
text: Mr. Vargas suddenly pulls the white sheet aside and
text: we see the body of Arthur. The students' eyes
text: widen. Some gasp. Others cover their mouths. Others
text: begin furious notes. Nobody speaks. The body of
text: Arthur is smallish and withered. It is orange,
text: flaky, and not quite real looking. A deep cut has
text: been made in Arthur's chest.
text: Mr. Vargas bends Arthur upright for a better
text: student view. He gestures to the deep cut made in
text: Arthur's chest.
text: The tension mounts.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS (CONT'D)
dialog: This incision allows us to pull
dialog: aside the skin covering of the
dialog: chest cavity and really observe the
text: human organs as they exist in their
dialog: natural state.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ARTHUR
text: and his shrunken face, which seems to say please
dialog: don't.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS (CONT'D)
dialog: I want all of you to take a look at
text: the chest cavity for just a moment.
text: Mr. Vargas grabs the two sides of Arthur's chest
text: cavity covering, and rips it open.
speaker_heading: MR. VARGAS (CONT'D)
dialog: Here we have the human lungs and
dialog: heart, which you can see is
text: actually located in the center of
dialog: your chest.
text: With a squish, Mr. Vargas reaches inside Arthur and
text: pulls out the human heart for display. The class
text: stands in silent shock. Only one comment escapes
dialog: from any of them.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Bitchin'.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STACY HAMILTON
text: who goes running out of the "Cold Room", holding
text: her mouth. The Rat runs after her.
scene_heading: INT. BOTTOM FLOOR HALL
text: Rat and Stacy sit side-by-side on some orange
text: plastic chairs, by a nurse's desk. Stacy is shook
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I made a fool of myself.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Nobody noticed. Don't worry about
dialog: it. We'll just stay out here until
dialog: everyone comes out, we'll blend
dialog: back in.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What about the notes?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: I'll get you the notes.
text: She squeezes his arm.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - AFTERNOON
text: The students file out of the hospital, looking like
dialog: they've just been through a war.
scene_heading: INT. LINDA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: It is night, and Linda and Stacy are watching
dialog: Fantasy Island.
speaker_heading: MONTALBAN
dialog: You see, Tatoo, what this man
dialog: doesn't realize is that he must one
dialog: day leave Fantasy Island. And he
dialog: must continue his life as an
text: incurable leper.
text: Stacy is fighting back tears. Linda looks angry.
text: Telephone rings. Linda jumps to get it.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Hello.
text: Linda obviously is disappointed when she hears a
text: female voice.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah... you're kidding... What did
dialog: he say... What did you say... How
dialog: much did it cost? Look, tell him he
dialog: can have a relationship with you or
dialog: a 'more open' relationship with
dialog: someone else... Listen, Debbie, can
dialog: I call you later. I'm waiting for
dialog: Doug to call.
text: She plops back on the couch with Stacy.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll bet he forgets to call again.
text: She notices that Stacy is crying over the TV show.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: God, Stacy, it's not that sad. It's
dialog: just David Soul and Ricardo
dialog: Montalban.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I don't know, I'm just so
dialog: depressed. Everything is just so...
dialog: depressing.
text: Linda shuts off the television.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You have been acting very strange
dialog: the last few weeks.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I don't know... I just don't feel
dialog: right.
text: Linda sits down next to Stacy on the bed.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What do you think it is?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: What do you think it is?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: It couldn't be.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: It could be. I had a pregnancy test
dialog: at the clinic. I'll find out
dialog: Monday. I guess it was Damone.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Of course it was Damone. If it was
dialog: Ron Johnson, you'd be out to here!
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I'm not going to tell him. He's an
dialog: asshole. I hate him.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: But it costs money to have an
dialog: abortion. Even at the Free Clinic.
dialog: You tell Damone to pay for it. It's
dialog: the least he can do. It's the guy's
dialog: responsibility too.
text: She puts the TV back on and they watch.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: You know, there's one thing you
dialog: didn't tell me about guys.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: You didn't tell me that they can be
dialog: so nice, so great... but then you
text: sleep with them and they start
text: acting like they're five years old.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You're right. I didn't tell you
dialog: that.
scene_heading: EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD - TWO DAYS LATER
text: Stacy Hamilton is walking towards Mike Damone on
text: the football field. We see him from a distance,
dialog: timing track runners.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Mike, there's something that's been
dialog: on my mind and I have to tell you
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: What? Now?
text: He clicks off the time on a runner, and then turns
text: to face her.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don't you call me up tonight?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Mike. I want you to know that I'm
dialog: pregnant.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STACY
text: as she looks down. They are words she never thought
dialog: she would be speaking.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: How do you know it's mine? We only
dialog: did it once.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I know it's yours.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAMONE
text: as he realizes she is sincere, and he truly begins
dialog: to panic.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: You made me do it! You locked the
dialog: door. You made me do it! You wanted
dialog: it more than me!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STACY
text: She does not flinch.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Take that back.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: All right, I take it back.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAMONE
text: He hugs his arms tighter across his chest, and
text: decides to try a more mature tact.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: There's only one thing we can do.
dialog: We've got to get rid of it. We've
dialog: got to get an abortion.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: We've got to get an abortion?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Yeah. My brother Art got his
dialog: girlfriend one once.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: It's already planned, Mike. It's
dialog: going to cost $150 at the Free
dialog: Clinic.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Doesn't sound free to me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So you want me to pay for it?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Half. Okay?
dialog: (bites back tears)
dialog: Seventy-five dollars. And a ride to
dialog: the clinic.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
text: Seventy-five dollars, and a ride.
dialog: Okay.
text: Stacy stands there, hands folded, nodding.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: INT. DAMONE'S ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: He is working at his desk, counting through a wad
dialog: of money.
text: ANGLE ON THE LIST
text: in front of him, which has a split line down the
dialog: middle. People Who Owe Me -- fifteen dollars Rick.
dialog: People I Owe -seventy-five dollars REO Speedwagon
dialog: tickets, seventy-five dollars abortion. Damone
text: counts fifteen dollars into his stack, crosses out
text: Rick. Then he counts through the money. Seventy
text: five dollars exactly. He crosses out REO Speedwagon
text: tickets. This leaves him no money for the abortion.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - AFTERNOON
text: Here, at the same corner where she once waited for
text: Ron Johnson, Stacy waits for Damone. Cars pass, no
dialog: Damone.
scene_heading: INT. HAMILTON HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Stacy is on the phone, calling Damone. We see the
text: phone messages sheet that lists two calls for
text: Stacy, and none for Brad. The line rings four
dialog: times, then it's answered.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hello... is Mike there?
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE
dialog: Hold on.
text: Stacy sags, disbelieving, and looks at the clock on
text: the kitchen wall. It's getting late...
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (CONT'D)
text: He says he's helping his father in
dialog: the garage and he'll call you back.
text: Stacy is stunned.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
text: Stacy hangs up. She punches out another number,
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: MRS. BARRETT (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hi, Mrs. Barrett. Is Linda there?
speaker_heading: MRS. BARRETT (V.O.)
dialog: She went off to the beach. She'll
dialog: be back later, though.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Okay. Thanks.
text: She looks at the clock again, then hears a noise in
text: the driveway.
speaker_heading: STACY (CONT'D)
dialog: Brad! Hey, wait a second!
text: She runs out.
scene_heading: EXT. CRUISING VESSEL - AFTERNOON
text: Brad and Stacy pull up next to the flea market.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Yeah. This is it. I have some
dialog: shopping to do.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: See you later.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Thanks a lot, Brad. I really
dialog: appreciate it.
text: She gets out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. FLEA MARKET
text: Stacy Hamilton watches her brother drive away. Then
text: she looks to both sides, and walks on. She passes
text: the entrance to the Flea Market. She walks around
text: the corner to another building marked BIRTH CONTROL
text: - FREE CLINIC. Brad follows her in the rearview
dialog: mirror.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTH CONTROL CLINIC
text: Stacy is lying in bed wearing a paper dress. Her
text: hair is stuffed in paper shower cap. She looks
text: anxious. In a bed next to her an older girl is
text: being affectionate with her visiting boyfriend.
text: A Nurse comes in with an IV.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: This is going to prick a little.
text: She sticks the needle into Stacy's hand. Stacy
text: looks pained but doesn't yell. The Nurse pats the
text: rolling bed.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now scoot over here.
text: Stacy moves onto it. Looking up from her point of
text: view, we see the ride out of the room and into:
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM
text: Stacy gets wheeled in. The Doctor looks down at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Hello, Stacy, I'm Doctor Bartell.
text: Stacy moves onto the operating table as the Nurse
dialog: and Doctor get ready.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Any questions before we begin?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: This is going to hurt, isn't it?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: We'll use a local but you'll feel
text: some pressure. It doesn't last that
dialog: long.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Does it hurt more to have a baby?
text: The Doctor pauses and considers her question.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Yes... but I think you mind it
dialog: less.
text: Stacy looks up at the lights and listens to the
text: sound of suction tubes.
scene_heading: INT. B.C. WAITING AREA
text: The other girl and Stacy sit at a table eating
text: toast and jelly. The girl is reading. The Nurse
text: enters.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: How are we doing in here? Debbie,
dialog: ready to leave?
text: The girl nods and gets up.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Right through here. Stacy, I can't
dialog: let you go unless you have a ride
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Uh, my boyfriend said held be
text: waiting downstairs.
text: The Nurse studies her, decides she's telling the
text: truth and allows her to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE TO THE FREE CLINIC
text: Stacy walks back out into the sunlight, slowly and
text: weakly. She is surprised and amazed at who she sees
text: standing outside, waiting for her.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRAD HAMILTON
text: He stands, hands on hips, just outside the door.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Brad!
text: He puts an arm around her and leads her toward his
text: waiting car.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Since when do you shop at the Flea
dialog: Market anyway?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Brad. Please don't tell Mom and
dialog: Dad...
text: He helps her into the cruising vessel. He starts up
text: the car and drives off.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Who did it?
text: Stacy stares out the window. Tears well in her
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: BRAD (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not going to tell me, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: All right, then. It's your secret.
text: Stacy smiles at Brad. Brad smiles back. The car
text: drives on.
scene_heading: INT. LINDA'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Stacy is in Linda's room, sitting on her bed. Her
text: eyes are red and moist from crying. Linda listens
text: to her story.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I really thought he would show up.
dialog: I waited... and waited... and
dialog: waited...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: That little prick.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Then I called his house, and his
dialog: mother told me he was in the garage
text: helping his father.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: That little prick.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I paid for it and everything.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: There goes your stereo for another
dialog: year. Mike Damone is a no-brain
dialog: little prick. I'm not letting him
dialog: get away with this.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Don't do anything, Linda. I'd
dialog: rather just forget about it. I
dialog: don't even like the guy.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Stacy, he's not a guy.
dialog: (loud)
dialog: He's a little prick!
text: Stacy lies back on the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. DAMONE HOUSE - MORNING
text: The front door to the Damone house opens, and out
text: walks Mike Damone carrying some books. He looks
text: troubled, burdened, and stares down at the walkway
text: as he moves towards his car. He walks around,
text: starts to pen the car door, then he sees it. There,
text: in white spray paint across the driver's door, is
text: the message: PRICK.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Shhhhhhhhhit.
text: He looks both ways, and starts back towards the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: EXT. DAMONE CAR
text: Mike Damone travels down Ridgemont Drive, making
text: the turn into the school parking lot. There is a
text: large cardboard panel taped on the side of his car.
scene_heading: EXT. DAMONE'S LOCKER
text: He arrives at his locker, where, in white spray
text: paint, there is another message: LITTLE PRICK.
text: Several girls walk by, they laugh knowingly.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: Hi, Mike!
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Hi, mike!
text: Damone backs up against the locker, with a sick
text: smile on his face.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Hi... girls.
text: More students pass, looking strangely at the young
text: man pinned against his own locker.
scene_heading: EXT. BOY'S LOCKER ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Damone exits the boys locker room. Just as he does,
text: he is accosted by The Rat. We have never quite
text: heard this tone in The Rat's voice before.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Damone? What happened between you
dialog: and Stacy?
text: Damone feigns The Attitude, shakes his head. Damone
text: sighs.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Let me tell you something, Rat.
dialog: Sometimes girls just go haywire. It
dialog: was a month ago, I've been trying
dialog: to think of a way to tell you ever
dialog: since. We started messing around
dialog: and...
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: ... something happened. It's all
dialog: over with. It's no big deal. I
dialog: never called her again.
text: The Rat says nothing.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: If you ask me, she's pretty
dialog: aggressive. You understand what I'm
dialog: saying?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: No Damone. I don't understand.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: She wasn't really your girlfriend
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Hey fuck you Damone. There's a lot
dialog: of girls out there and you mess
dialog: around with Stacy. What have you
dialog: got to prove?
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Jesus. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: I always stick up for you. Whenever
dialog: people say 'Aw, that Damone is a
dialog: loudmouth' -- and they say that a
dialog: lot -- I say 'You just don't know
dialog: Damone.' When someone says you're
dialog: an idiot, I tell them 'Damone's not
dialog: an idiot. You just don't know him.'
dialog: Well, you know, Damone, maybe they
dialog: do know you pretty good. And I'm
dialog: just finding out.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Fine. Get lost.
text: Damone starts to push past him, but The Rat shoves
text: his shoulder hard.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: All right, Rat. You want to do
dialog: something about it?
text: Damone begins the classic high school fighting
text: ritual. He throws his books down. He takes a step
text: back. He goes into a crouch. He gestures towards
dialog: himself. Then Damone says the universally
text: recognized high school fighting words.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well come on.
text: The Rat shows no fear. As other kids begin to crowd
text: around the two boys, Rat throws his own books down.
text: He takes a step back, goes into the crouch. He
text: gestures toward himself.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: You come on.
text: They stand there, gesturing, neither one of them
text: wanting to make the first move.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: No. You come on, you wuss.
text: Assistant Coach Mr. Sexton comes running out of the
text: boy's locker room, and steps in front of the two
dialog: boys.
speaker_heading: SEXTON
dialog: Hey! Knock this crap off!!
text: The Rat stalks off, disappearing into the crowd of
text: onlookers.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT DRIVE - NIGHT
text: The Ridgemont Drive strip is filled with cars,
text: cruising for parties. There is a lot of honking,
text: and yelling out windows. Everyone is headed towards
text: the beach. We stay on a lowly 7-11 store near the
text: freeway entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. 7-11 STORE - NIGHT
text: A yellow Firebird slowly, menacingly cruises the
text: empty parking lot. It does not stop.
text: Then, around the corner, walks Jeff Spicoli. We see
text: him in the neon 7-11 light, his hands stuffed deep
text: into the pockets of baggy jeans. He walks inside
text: the store. He is the only shopper.
scene_heading: INT. 7-11 STORE
text: Brad Hamilton stands behind the counter in a red
text: and white striped shirt and cap, making fresh
text: coffee. Jeff Spicoli trudges up to the counter. He
text: looks at Brad. Brad looks at Spicoli. There is an
text: unspoken edge between them.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Hey, mon, can I use the bathroom?
text: Brad squints his eyes, looks at the sign on the
text: back room door.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: sign which reads: Rest Room For Employees Only.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Go ahead. Just make it quick.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Totally.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: It's the first door on your left.
text: Spicoli disappears into the back room. Brad sighs,
text: looks at the clock. It reads: 11:15. Then he hears
text: Spicoli from the back room.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (O.S.)
dialog: I can't find it, mon!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: It's the first door on your left!
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (O.S.)
dialog: On the ledge?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: First door on your left!
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (O.S.)
dialog: There it is!
text: Brad sighs again. He loads a new filter into the
dialog: coffee maker.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. 7-11 STORE
text: A moment later, the yellow Firebird pulls into the
text: 7-11 parking lot. A man in a windbreaker comes
text: hurtling out of the car, into the store. He spray
text: paints the scanning camera above the door. He
text: hustles up to the counter, produces a .45 Magnum
text: and points it chest high at Brad. There is a glazed
text: and nervous speedy edge to his voice.
speaker_heading: ROBBER
dialog: I want money. And I want it all --
dialog: now.
text: Brad looks pale and young under the fluorescent 7
text: 11 light.
text: He speaks slowly.
speaker_heading: BRAD
text: They empty and close the big safe
dialog: here at midnight.
speaker_heading: ROBBER
dialog: (getting tougher)
dialog: I know this store. I know where the
dialog: safe is.
text: He bangs the gun on the counter, hard.
speaker_heading: ROBBER (CONT'D)
text: Over there behind the donut case.
dialog: Now move!
text: Brad slowly moves to the donut case, like a zombie.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I'm instructed to tell you that we
text: are on a video alarm system and
text: there are other hidden cameras in
dialog: the store ...
speaker_heading: ROBBER
dialog: Just give me the money. Move it.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (legs are shaking)
dialog: I just started here, and they just
dialog: taught me the procedure. I'll give
dialog: you the money, just let me figure
dialog: this out.
speaker_heading: ROBBER
dialog: (very menacing)
dialog: Move it. Move it.
text: Brad opens the phony back of the donut case and
text: fiddles with the strongbox combination.
speaker_heading: ROBBER (CONT'D)
dialog: (more menacing)
dialog: Let's go, stupid.
text: Brad looks at the gunman.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You motherfucker. Get off my
dialog: fuckin' case.
text: The Robber is about to react when the bathroom door
text: opens and Jeff Spicoli starts out, wiping his hands
text: on his pants.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: No towels, mon...
text: The Robber turns to look at Spicoli, and that is
dialog: all that Brad Hamilton needs. Just like it is the
dialog: most natural thing in the world, Brad reaches for
text: the hot, steaming coffee pot he has just made and
text: throws it into the gunman's face and hands.
speaker_heading: ROBBER
dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrr!!!
text: The .45 falls out of his hand and rattles to the
text: floor. The gunman is still grabbing his face, and
text: looking at his skinless hands in horror when Brad
text: snaps up the gun. In the parking lot, the gunman's
text: accomplice, poised behind the wheel of the yellow
text: Firebird, spots the foul-up and screeches out of
text: the parking lot.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: There goes your ride home.
text: Brad pulls the under-counter alarm with newfound
text: confidence. Jeff Spicoli stands there, mesmerized
text: at the entire event.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Awesome. Totally awesome.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEMONT MALL - NIGHT
text: Kids are pouring into the Ridgemont mall. Summer
text: banners are already up.
scene_heading: INT. THE MALL - NIGHT
text: In the midst of all the kids and shoppers, we see
text: The Rat walking slowly down the promenade. He is
text: wearing an Army surplus jacket, and his hands are
text: buried deep in his pockets.
text: Two girls pass his way. One smiles briefly at him,
text: and The Rat turns to watch her pass. He is about to
text: say something to her, then no. He walks on, sees
text: Swenson's Ice-Cream Parlor up ahead. The Rat
text: decides to walk the other way.
scene_heading: INT. SWENSON'S - NIGHT
text: The place is busy again, filled with shoppers and
text: teenagers in summer-type clothing.
text: We see Stacy Hamilton, once again, at the cash
text: register wearing an Assistant manager name tag and
text: a hostess gown.
text: She handles a customer's bill, then stands there a
text: moment, looking glum. Linda Barrett approaches.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Another summer of working at
dialog: Swenson's.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Come on. There's lots of men around
dialog: here. Keep your eyes open.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: You know, Linda. I've finally
dialog: figured it out. It's not sex I
dialog: want. Anyone can have sex.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I want romance.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Romance in Ridgemont? We don't even
dialog: get cable TV.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: the back kitchen door, which swings open, and out
text: comes Mike Damone in a peppermint Swenson's shirt.
text: He wipes some grime on his pants.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Mike! You have a mess on C-9!
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: All right. All right. I just
dialog: cleaned B-8. Give me a break.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Get going.
text: The two girls smile, go back to their posts.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF SPICOLI'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jeff Spicoli sits in his room, and it is his
text: castle. Clothes lie in disarray on the floor. A
text: huge half-waxed surfboard is propped against the
text: window. We see Spicoli dressed in a too large white
text: short-sleeved shirt, attempting to tie his father's
text: fat paisley tie. He stops to take a hit from his
text: bong, all the while talking on the phone. The music
text: of Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Freebird" plays on the radio.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I... am... so... wasted, mon. What
dialog: is in this shit?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Doesn't that stuff cause brain
dialog: damage?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Bitchin'.
text: Spicoli listens for a moment. He rubs his eyes,
text: shakes his head. He is really buzzed.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, mon, I am going to Mexico as
text: soon as school is out. Two more
dialog: weeks, bud. Week from Wednesday.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I am gonna take both boards, my
text: duck feet, many cases of beer, and
dialog: just jam.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No, mon, from school. I'm leaving
dialog: as soon as school gets out. I'll be
text: at Sunset Cliffs by nighttime.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Totally.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Later.
text: Spicoli hangs up, and concentrates on tying his
text: tie. He almost strangles himself. Then suddenly the
text: door to his room flies open and Spicoli's little
text: brother Curtis bursts in.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Jeff you have company!
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Go away, Curtis. If you can't
dialog: knock, I can't hear you.
text: Curtis slams the door and leaves. A moment later
text: there is a knock.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: That's better. Come in.
text: The door swings open and Jeff Spicoli sits in
text: stoned shock at the sight before him. There,
text: standing in the doorway of his room is Mr. Hand.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr... Mr. Hand.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: That's right, Jeff. Mind if I come
dialog: in?
text: Spicoli can only nod.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling downstairs)
dialog: Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Spicoli.
text: Hand walks into Spicoli's room, takes off his suit
text: jacket and lays it on the chair back. He stops a
text: moment and catches the stare of Miss January
text: Penthouse on the wall, then turns to Spicoli.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you going somewhere tonight,
dialog: Jeff?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Yeah. The Graduation Dance Mr.
dialog: Hand. It's the last school event of
dialog: the year.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: I'm afraid we've got some things to
dialog: discuss here, Jeff.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Did I do something wrong, Mr. Hand?
text: Hand removes several copies of Oui Magazine from
text: another chair and sits down. He sets his briefcase
text: on Spicoli's dresser, next to a bag of pot, and
text: opens it up for easy access.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Do you want to sit there, Jeff?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: I don't know. I guess so.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Fine. You sit right here on your
dialog: bed. I'll use the chair here.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: As I explained to your parents just
dialog: a moment ago, and to you many times
dialog: since the very beginning of the
dialog: school year -- I don't like to
dialog: spend my time waiting for late
dialog: students, or detention cases. I'd
dialog: rather be preparing the lesson.
text: Mr. Hand takes a sheet from his briefcase and looks
text: at it.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: According to my calculations, Mr.
dialog: Spicoli, you wasted a total of
dialog: eight hours of my time this year.
dialog: And rest assured that is a kind
dialog: estimate.
text: He returns the sheet to his case and looks into
text: Spicoli's weed-ravaged eyes.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, Mr. Spicoli, comes a rare
dialog: moment for me. Now I have the
dialog: unique pleasure of squaring our
dialog: account. Tonight, you and I are
dialog: going to talk in great detail about
dialog: the Davis Agreement, all the
dialog: associated treaties, and the
dialog: American Revolution in particular.
dialog: Now if you can just turn to Chapter
dialog: 47 of Lord of Truth And Liberty.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Hey, it's in my locker, Mr. Hand.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Well, then, I'm glad I remembered
dialog: to bring an extra copy just for
dialog: you.
text: Hand reaches in his case and produces the book. He
text: hands it to Spicoli.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: INT. SPICOLI'S ROOM - HOURS LATER
text: Wearily, Spicoli is trying to grasp the material.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: ... so, like, when Jefferson went
dialog: before the people what he was
dialog: saying was 'Hey, we left this place
dialog: in England because it was bogus,
dialog: and if we don't come up with some
dialog: cool rules ourself, we'll be bogus,
dialog: too!' Right?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MR. HAND
text: who nods his head.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Very close, Jeff.
text: Hand reaches over and gets his case.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I've made my point with you
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Hey, Mr. Hand, can I ask you a
dialog: question?
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Do you have a guy like me every
dialog: year? A guy to... I don't know,
dialog: make a show of. Teach other kids
dialog: lessons and stuff?
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Well, you'll find out next year.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: No way, mon. When I graduate U.S.
dialog: history I ain't even coming over to
dialog: your side of the building.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: If you graduate.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: You're gonna flunk me?!
text: Mr. Hand pauses a moment, then breaks into the
text: nearest approximation of a grin we have seen all
text: year. It isn't much, but it's noticeable. His lips
text: crinkle at the ends.
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Don't worry, Spicoli. You'll
text: probably squeak by.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: All right! Oh, yeah!
text: Mr. Hand has now gathered all his material, and he
text: stands to approach Spicoli's door. Jeff jumps up,
text: extends his hand.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Aloha, Mr. Hand!
speaker_heading: MR. HAND
dialog: Aloha, Spicoli.
text: Mr. Hand exits the room, and descends the staircase
text: of the Spicoli household. Spicoli kicks the door
text: shut, grins, and continues struggling with his tie.
scene_heading: INT. RIDGEMONT GYMNASIUM - NIGHT
text: Tight angle on the emotion-filled face of the lead
text: singer in a cheesy high school band called the T
text: Birds. He is bathed in a blue light, singing the
text: last verse of The Eagles' 'Take It To The Limit'.
text: We pull back to reveal a large, clumsy banner
text: reading: LAST DANCE. Students are pouring into the
dialog: gym for this event. Many have brought their annual
text: yearbooks. On stage, the lead singer snaps his
text: fingers and the band goes into Nick Lowe's 'Heart
text: of the City'. Some students start to dance.
dialog: Every one of our characters is either here, or
text: about to arrive. From Charles Jefferson to Spicoli
text: to Mr. Hand. For once, all classes are partying
dialog: together. But, just as in the beginning of the year
text: on lunch court, the kids are still cordoned off
text: into their distinctive cliques.
text: ANGLE ON MORE STUDENTS ARRIVING
text: at the Last Dance. They see Mr. Hand signing
text: annuals by the door. They all say the same thing as
text: they pass, "Aloha, Mr. Hand". He nods in return.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STACY
text: surveying the growing mob of annual-crazed
text: students. From behind her comes Linda Barrett in a
text: low-cut black dress.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Where's Doug?
speaker_heading: LINDA
text: He's not coming.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Not coming? What happened?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: He says he's got to stay in
dialog: Chicago.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: He says I should visit him
dialog: sometimes.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Sometime?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Yeah, like maybe never.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: But what are you going to do?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Well I might go to Dartmouth.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Dartmouth?!
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I didn't tell anyone I applied
dialog: cause I never thought I'd make it.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I can't believe it! But what about
dialog: Doug?
speaker_heading: LINDA (STOIC)
dialog: There's a world of guys out there.
dialog: I just wish I didn't have to date
dialog: any of them.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hey -- Doug Stallworth? It's his
dialog: loss.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MIKE DAMONE
text: in another part of the dance, by the Junior class
text: sponsored food counter. Damone is standing, talking
text: to several girls, gesturing and being Damone, Mr.
dialog: Attitude.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Sign my annual, honey.
text: The girls look at each other, laugh. They walk
dialog: away.
text: ANGLE ON THE RAT
text: standing nearby.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: You're losing it, Damone.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: You're crazy. Those girls love me.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JEFF SPICOLI
text: sprawled out in the bleachers with his surfer
text: stoner buddies. He turns to one admiring stoner
dialog: (Todd).
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Hey, mon. Sign my annual.
text: Spicoli slips the annual into the kid's crotch. The
text: stoner winces in pain, but still opens the book and
text: lingers on all the signings in Spicoli's annual.
text: They are all drug-related messages from fellow
text: stoners. After a moment, Spicoli's friend signs:
dialog: "Thanks for the reds. Todd."
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Hey, mon, good thing we're going to
dialog: Mexico this summer. 'Cause you're
dialog: gonna get kicked out of your house
dialog: when your parents read your annual.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - ANGLE ON DOOR
text: Brad Hamilton pushes both doors open, and makes his
text: entrance into the Last Dance. There is a lot of
text: activity going on, but all nearby eyes turn to Brad
text: as he walks into the dance. Fifteen kids
text: immediately gravitate towards him. They all want
dialog: Brad to sign their annuals, to talk about the 7-11
text: incident. Onstage, the T-Birds play the Beatles'
dialog: "It Won't Be Long".
text: We see Brad's old girlfriend Lisa push up to him.
text: Her new jock boyfriend holds a protective arm
text: around her.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I saw your picture in the paper.
dialog: You had the greatest look on your
dialog: face!
scene_heading: ANOTHER STUDENT
dialog: Front of the Metro Section. I'm
dialog: telling my parents, 'I know this
dialog: guy, I know this guy.'
text: Lisa's boyfriend pulls his arm tighter around her.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Will you sign my annual, Brad?
text: Brad smiles, nods. He signs, and gives her his. We
text: then see Brad's three Buddies from Carl's Jr. come
text: up, pat him on the back and grab his shoulder. Brad
text: studies them warily.
speaker_heading: BUDDY #1
dialog: Fuckin' manager of 7-11!
speaker_heading: BUDDY #2
dialog: Get us jobs over there, Brad! You
dialog: can do it!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Since when do you guys want to work
dialog: at 7-11?
speaker_heading: BUDDY #2
dialog: Come on, Brad! It would be great!
dialog: All of us together!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, 7-11 is a tremendous
dialog: operation. It's really changed,
dialog: man. They've got great food, great
dialog: magazines, videogames... it's
dialog: class. Total class.
speaker_heading: BUDDY #3
dialog: As soon as you can get us in there,
dialog: we're gone from Carl's, Brad.
speaker_heading: BUDDY #2
dialog: Yeah, man, all the little punks
dialog: from junior high have taken over
dialog: the place.
text: Brad leaves his old buddies. He grins and notices
text: someone across the crowded dance floor.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Hey, Thompson! Wendell! Get a job!
text: They laugh, flip him off. Brad is back in his
text: element at last. He moves into the main dancing
text: area, works his way across the room, past the
text: bleachers, when he hears a voice.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (O.S.)
dialog: Hamilton!
text: Brad turns around, seen Spicoli sitting on the
text: bottom rung of the bleachers. Spicoli looks back
dialog: with true respect.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Awesome.
text: He throws Brad his annual. Brad gives him his. They
dialog: sign.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Easy, mon.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Later.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE BLEACHERS
text: where several couples are passionately making out.
text: Four teachers clomp up into the stands from
text: different angles. They pin the couples in
text: flashlight beams, like the main tower pinning an
text: escaping prisoner.
text: ANGLE ON THE T-BIRDS
text: onstage, singing the Rolling Stones' "I'm Free".
scene_heading: EXT. GYNMASIUM - NIGHT
text: We see Jeff Spicoli leave the dance and come
text: backing down the stairs with a stoner bud. His fist
text: is in the air.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Summer, mon! We're there!
text: He turns to his stoner bud.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's roll, my man.
text: Spicoli backs right into a young buzz-cut kid.
speaker_heading: SPICOLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, bud! Watch yourselff
text: Spicoli turns around to see he's backed into a
text: squad of eight Lincoln Surf Nazis. They are all
text: standing on the steps, waiting.
speaker_heading: SURF NAZI
dialog: Are you Jeff Spicoli?
text: Spicoli looks up and down the row of Surf Nazis. On
text: the end, he sees L.C.
dialog: L.C.
dialog: That's him! He did it!
speaker_heading: SPICOLI
dialog: Hey, mon, I don't know what your
dialog: trip is, but...
text: Spicoli dashes off down Luna Street. L.C. and the
text: Surf Nazis take out in hot pursuit, chasing him
text: through the parking lot, past Ridgemont High, and
text: into the night. They will never catch him.
speaker_heading: SLOW
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. RIDGEMONT MALL
text: School is out and it's summer business as usual at
text: the Ridgemont Mall. We see the same stores, the
text: same packs of kids roaming the three tiers.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MARK RATNER
text: who stands against the railing in his Cinema Four
text: jacket, gazing across the mall at Swenson's Ice
text: Cream Parlor. He sees Stacy walk two girlfriends to
text: the outdoor front tables, and almost look his way.
text: The Rat turns away suddenly. Then he hears her
text: calling out after him.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hey Mark! Turn around!
text: Ratner turns around, affects total and complete
text: cool. He waves across the mall to her.
speaker_heading: STACY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come over here!
text: He looks back at his post at the theatre, decides
text: it's okay to step away. He walks across the mall.
scene_heading: INT. SWENSON'S
text: Stacy is standing by the sundae bar. Next to her
text: are two empty stools. After a moment, we see The
text: Rat plop onto one of the metal stools. He pounds
text: the seat next to him with the palm of his hand.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: You. Sit.
text: Stacy turns to look at him, smiles. She sits.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Hi, Mark.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Hi, Stacy. How are you?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I'm fine. Mark, I'm so glad you
dialog: came over here because I want you
dialog: to know something. I just thought I
dialog: would tell you that I really
dialog: enjoyed getting to know you this
dialog: year.
text: The Rat maintains The Attitude.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Yeah? About fifty people I didn't
dialog: know wrote that in my annual.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I know everybody says it, but I
dialog: really mean it.
text: The Rat looks at her from the corner of his eyes.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Yeah. I want you to have this
dialog: picture, so you won't forget what I
dialog: look like. And so you'll remember
dialog: to call me over the summer.
text: She withdraws a picture from her pocket, hands it
dialog: to The Rat.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Well, I don't know, I may be doing
dialog: some traveling this summer. I don't
dialog: know how much I'll be around...
dialog: (breaks down, takes
dialog: picture)
dialog: But I'll give you a call sometime.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: I'd like that.
text: She gives him a kiss on the mouth, gets up and
text: walks away. The Rat sits there, smiling at the way
text: things sometimes turn out. He slips the picture
text: into his pocket, a satisfied young man.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. SWENSON'S AND MALL
text: The Rat is joined by Mike Damone, who has changed
text: into his street clothes.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: She wants it, Rat.
text: The Rat snickers, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DAMONE (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw you. You had pure Attitude.
text: The Rat turns to look at his friend.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: The Attitude, Damone, is only good
dialog: until you meet the right girl.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Whatever you say, Rat.
text: They take off together, blending into the crowd of
text: kids walking the mall.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: And... you can only tell it's the
dialog: right girl if you're sensitive.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: Sensitive -- what is that?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Sensitive is when you can tell how
dialog: people feel without asking.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: So what makes you so sensitive?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Well, for one, I read. I don't
dialog: watch as much television as you.
dialog: I'm trying to feel things more. I'm
dialog: learning a lot about people.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: What do you read? What's the last
dialog: book you read?
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: Lust For Life. It's the story of
dialog: Vincent Van Gough.
speaker_heading: DAMONE
dialog: (scoffs)
dialog: Yeah, well, I saw the movie. That
dialog: must mean I'm sensitive too.
speaker_heading: THE RAT
dialog: It's a way, Damone. It's a vibe. I
dialog: put it out, and I have personally
dialog: found that girls do respond.
text: Damone laughs, shoves him hard. We lose sight of
text: the two boys in the sea of kids.
text: A SERIES OF ANGLES
text: of Ridgemont Center Mall with music.
speaker_heading: CREDITS
speaker_heading: FADE TO
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
