scene_heading: "FATAL INSTINCT"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: David O'Malley
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON:
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER - NIGHT
text: The sultry dampness of a blistering summer hangs in the night
text: air. People stroll the boardwalk looking for a cool breeze.
text: The soft rhythms of a jazz concert float from the band shell.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - A PAIR OF SEXY HIGH HEELS
text: and a woman's shapely legs, walking along the wooden pier.
text: OPENING TITLES &amp; CREDITS OVER.
text: After several steps, a discarded piece of gum sticks to one
text: of her shoes, stretching out stickily. Two steps later, a
text: piece of paper sticks to the gum, flopping awkwardly with
dialog: each step.
text: The MOVING CAMERA PANS UP her gorgeous legs and sensuous
text: body. She wears a loose summer dress that floats like gossamer
text: around her soft curves. Her hair is long and blond.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: To some guys, women are like a cheap
dialog: puzzle... with pieces that just don't
dialog: fit. They think the soul of a woman
dialog: is darker than a back alley... more
dialog: tangled than a telephone cord... and
text: colder than a Klondike Bar in Canada.
dialog: But those guys don't even have a
dialog: clue.
text: She stops at the railing. We see an incredibly beautiful
text: face and cool, alluring eyes. This is LOLA CAIN. The term
text: "femme fatale" was coined for her. She's on display... and
dialog: knows it.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: When you know women the way I do,
dialog: you understand exactly what what
dialog: makes them tick... what makes them
dialog: hum... what makes them jiggle up and
dialog: down when they walk. And it's not
dialog: the kind of thing you can learn from
dialog: a correspondence course.
text: The CAMERA MOVES with her as she walks on, passing TWO MEN
text: whose eyes are glued to her. We HOLD ON THEM.
text: One is NED RAVINE, in his thirties, stalwart, handsome, hair
text: trimmed neatly, but with a feel of loose ends about him...
text: coat slung over his shoulder, sleeves rolled up, the sweat
text: dampening his shirt. He's a cop. A plain clothes detective
text: who's been around the block a few times and still gets lost.
text: Next to him is ARCH, his partner. Older, if not in years, at
text: least in mileage. Dependable, solid, with no great aspirations
text: except to reach the end of a shift intact. He's eating Nachos
text: from a cardboard container, licking the cheese off his
dialog: fingers.
text: The CAMERA PUSHES IN to NED. His eyes are fixed on Lola.
scene_heading: ANGLE - LOLA - NED'S POV
text: She walks to the other side of the pier... as more paper
text: sticks to the gum on her shoe. She stands at the railing.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: There are two kinds of women in this
dialog: world... and I've known 'em both.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - ARCH
text: Arch heaves an exasperated sigh and looks toward Ned. The
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to INCLUDE NED. It isn't "voice-over"
text: narration at all. Ned is actually talking out loud.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: One will take you for a fast ride on
text: a bumpy road with no seat belt. But
dialog: the other kind...
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Jeez... knock off the chatter, will
dialog: ya.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Just trying to keep you awake, Arch.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: I'm awake! Where do you come up with
dialog: all that crap about women?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: It's true. Women are very complex,
dialog: but if you know how to read 'em...
dialog: they're an open book. You can always
dialog: tell the rotten apples from the
dialog: peaches.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Are you kiddin'?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'd stake my career on it. Anybody
dialog: ever proves me wrong, I'll throw
dialog: away my badge.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Aayyhh... women are trouble...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I used to believe that too. Until I
text: married Lana. Now, she... is a peach.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Yeah, well you're a lucky stiff,
dialog: pal. Ya hold down two jobs. Got a
dialog: beautiful wife waitin' for ya at
dialog: home. Everything a guy could ever
dialog: want, including NO kids.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'd love to have kids.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: What?! Rug-rats? Give me a break!
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Jeez, I hate stakeouts. What makes
dialog: you think Milo's gonna show up here?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Logic. He knocked off all those banks.
dialog: He's got cash. He's gonna want to
dialog: spend it. This is one of the few
dialog: places that still takes cash. Sooner
dialog: or later... he's gotta turn up.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: And how we s'posed to recognize this
dialog: scumbag?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: The "Support Hose Bandit"? When you
dialog: see him... you'll know him.
text: In the b.g., MILO CRUMLEY, the "Support Hose Bandit", ambles
text: by casually, unnoticed, sucking on a cherry Snow-Cone through
text: the panty-hose pulled down over his head.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: These are the best damn Nachos in
dialog: North America. Maybe the world!
text: He pops the last chip in his mouth, licks his fingers and
text: turns the container over.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: I'm empty. I'm gonna get a refill.
dialog: You want some?
text: Ned shakes his head. Arch heads off to the Nacho stand. Ned
text: steps over to the railing... gazes out at the ocean.
text: A SAXOPHONE begins to wail a scorching, romantic melody... a
text: recurrent tune that will come to be known as LOLA'S THEME.
text: A beat later... Lola moves to Ned's side at the railing. He
text: tries to ignore her presence, peering into the darkness.
text: Lola digs in her purse for a pack of cigarettes.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Got a light?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Sure.
text: Ned pulls out a small flashlight, shines it in her purse.
text: She pulls a cigarette out of the pack, puts it to her lips...
text: her eyes on Ned, sizing him up.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: How about a match?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No thanks. I have plenty.
text: He pulls out a handful of matchbooks, shows her, then stuffs
text: them back in his pocket.
text: He turns and walks along the pier. She falls into step beside
text: him, lighting her own cigarette. A saxophone player named
text: DIZZY follows behind them, continuing to play. He's the actual
dialog: source of the romantic THEME MUSIC we've been hearing.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: You really are incredibly stupid,
dialog: aren't you? I like that in a man.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'd be insulted, but I know you're
dialog: serious.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: You sound so sure of yourself.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'm not as dumb as I look.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Let me buy you a drink, Mr. uh...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Ravine. Ned Ravine. And you are...?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Thirsty. What about that drink?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'm on duty.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Brain surgeon?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Cop.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Oooo... and I bet you have a big
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You lose.
text: Lola looks toward a nearby hot dog vendor.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: If I can't buy you a drink...
dialog: (nods toward vendor)
dialog: ...let me buy you one of those.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Who can say no to a weiner?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Not me.
text: Lola turns to the hot dog VENDOR, raising two fingers.
speaker_heading: LOLA
text: Two dogs. Hot.
text: She takes them... hands one to Ned. He picks up the plastic
text: mustard container to put mustard on her hot dog first.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You come here often?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Only when I'm in heat.
text: Ned REACTS to this, squeezing the container. A stream of
text: mustard squirts out, hitting the front of Lola's dress.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh! Sorry.
text: Flustered, he stuffs his hot dog into his inside jacket
text: pocket, then tries to wipe the mustard off Lola's dress,
text: smearing it all over her, making it worse. She watches him
text: with a cool, detached gaze as he fumbles ingenuously.
text: Suddenly, Ned stops, looking off. He sees... Milo Crumley
text: going into the PUBLIC RESTROOM. Ned starts to leave. Lola
text: grabs his hand, holding it tightly against her breast.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Where ya going?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Get something to wipe it off.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: That's okay. You're doing just fine.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'll get you a wet paper towel.
text: He heads for the men's room... signaling to Arch, who's
text: waiting in line at the Nacho stand. Arch motions at the long
text: line... all UNIFORMED COPS... shrugging helplessly.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM ON PIER - NIGHT
text: Several MEN are at the urinals. Milo, still wearing the panty
text: hose over his head, washes his face at the sink. He looks
text: up, sees Ned enter. Ned sees Milo... reacts, pulling the
text: frankfurter out of his pocket and pointing it.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hold it right there, Milo!
text: The Men turn, seeing Ned pointing the frankfurter.
speaker_heading: RESTROOM PATRON
dialog: Look out! He's got a weenie!
text: Milo bolts, slamming into Ned, knocking him back through the
text: door of a stall, into the lap of the MAN inside.
scene_heading: EXT. MEN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Milo bursts out, colliding with Arch. They both go down in a
text: flurry of Nacho chips and cheese. Arch helps Milo to his
text: feet, apologizing profusely... picking up the gun that Milo
text: dropped, handing it back to him. Milo sprints off down the
dialog: pier.
text: A beat later, Ned bursts out the door... dashing after Milo.
scene_heading: ANGLE - ALONG THE PIER
text: Milo runs frantically, knocking people aside! He ducks into...
scene_heading: INT. BUMPER CAR PAVILION - NIGHT
text: ...and drags a FLUSTERED MAN out of a bumper car, jumps in,
dialog: and speeds away!
text: A beat later, Ned runs up, followed by Arch. Ned flashes his
text: badge at a FRECKLE-FACED KID in one of the bumper cars.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Police emergency! I need your car!
text: He pulls the kid out, jumps in, slaps a portable FLASHING
text: RED LIGHT on the dashboard... then speeds off after Milo, a
text: SIREN WAILING! He zig-zags through the crush of other bumper
text: cars in the pavilion.
text: Ned's bumper car catches up with Milo, pulling alongside.
text: Milo turns the wheel, RAMMING Ned! Ned RAMS him back, both
text: bumper cars swerving violently... spraying SPARKS!
text: Ned SLAMS Milo's car again! Milo loses control, spins out
text: and SMASHES into the pavillion railing!
text: Ned swerves to avoid a collision, but RAMS into two other
text: bumper cars, wrenching to a grinding halt. A BEAT. The AIRBAG
text: inflates in his bumper car.
text: Arch runs up as Ned pulls himself from the wreckage. They
text: turn to see Milo leap from his mangled bumper car, leap over
text: the pavillion railing and dash down the pier and into an
text: alley between two buildings. A sign on the building says:
scene_heading: DEAD END ALLEY.
text: Ned and Arch eye each other, shake their heads, and follow
dialog: after Milo.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: IN THE ALLEY
text: Milo runs into a tall chain link fence at the end of the
text: alley and scrambles up the wire mesh. Suddenly, Ned's hand
text: shoots out, grabs Milo's ankle, yanking him down hard.
text: Milo jumps to his feet, swinging at Ned, who catches Milo's
text: fist with his hand, stopping it cold... neatly snapping a
text: handcuff on his wrist. He shoves Milo's arm against the fence
text: and snaps the other cuff to the chainlink.
text: A SWITCHBLADE flashes out of Milo's other hand with a sharp
text: CLICK! Milo slashes the blade at Ned, just missing his face.
text: On the backswing, Ned parries with his own switchblade and
text: flips Milo's knife away.
text: Milo pulls a .45 Calibre REVOLVER with his free hand! Ned
text: shoves his finger into the end of the barrel. Milo looks
text: surprised... then sneers, clicking the hammer back.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You take science in high school,
dialog: Milo?
speaker_heading: MILO
dialog: I skipped high school, cop!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Then you're probably not familiar
dialog: with the theory of inverse
dialog: proportionate explosive dynamics.
speaker_heading: MILO
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: If you fire a weapon with the barrel
text: obstructed, the explosive force
dialog: multiplies by twenty-three point
dialog: five nine eight and reverses on itself
dialog: with diametric polarity?
speaker_heading: MILO
dialog: Yeah. So?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: The gun will blow up in your hand...
dialog: and it won't even scorch my pinkie.
speaker_heading: MILO
dialog: Ha! That's just theoretical
dialog: hypothesis. Inverse proportionate
dialog: explosive dynamics has never been
dialog: demonstrated conclusively in a
dialog: laboratory environment.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh yeah. Then pull the trigger, smart
dialog: guy. Let's find out.
text: Milo hesitates, unsure. Finally, he releases the gun. Ned
text: raises it up on the end of his finger. Arch pulls it off
text: with a loud POP!
text: Ned cuffs Milo's hands behind him... spins him around.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You have the right to remain silent...
dialog: next... if you waive that right,
dialog: anything you say... next...
speaker_heading: REVEAL ARCH
text: holding up a series of "cue cards"... as Ned reads from them.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...may be used against you in a court
dialog: of law... next... You have the right
dialog: to an attorney... Do you have an
dialog: attorney?
speaker_heading: MILO
dialog: Nahhhh!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Then today's your lucky day...
text: He flips out a business card, handing it to Milo.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE BUSINESS CARD
text: It reads... "Ned Ravine - Defense Attorney"
scene_heading: EXT. NED'S HOUSE - DAWN
text: Large. Expensive. Impressive. The name on the mailbox reads
dialog: "Ned and Lana Ravine."
text: We begin to HEAR the O.S. SOUND of passionate lovemaking!
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAWN
text: The CAMERA MOVES up the stairs, into the bedroom. Still O.S.,
text: we hear more heavy breathing... urgent whispers... lust...
dialog: passion... squeaky bedsprings!
text: A trail of clothes is scattered before us on the way to the
text: bed... shoes, a dress, slip, bra, nylons, panties... greasy
text: coveralls with a "Frank Kelbo - Mobile Mechanic" namepatch,
text: dirty work boots, a wrench and a gigantic grease gun...
text: The bed shakes violently. A female VOICE calls the shots as
text: various tools drop to the floor.
speaker_heading: LANA (O.S.)
dialog: Oh yes, Frank! Adjust the stroke by
dialog: ten percent! That's it.
dialog: (CLUNK! A wrench)
dialog: Now tweak my points. Oh yes, oh yes!
speaker_heading: (THUNK! Pliers)
dialog: You got it! Stabilize your ball joints
dialog: and grind my rear differential!
dialog: (CLINK! Screwdriver)
dialog: Now accelerate! Floor it! Lay rubber,
text: baby! VRRROOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMM!
text: A beat. The LIGHT clicks ON. LANA; a sexy redhead with a
text: cool, manipulative edge, and FRANK; a slick, smarmy Lothario,
text: lay under the sheets, panting, glistening with sweat.
text: Lana reaches for a pack of "Fatal 100's" on the bedside table.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Not bad for an auto mechanic...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (grins, cocky)
dialog: Yeah, well you're not so bad
dialog: yourself... for a lawyer's wife...
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Better watch your tongue, sweetie,
dialog: or I'll have my husband arrest you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Busy man. Cop and a lawyer. When
dialog: does he ever find time for you?
text: She lights a cigarette... exhales a soft, gloomy cloud.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: He doesn't. That's why I need you to
dialog: keep my engine tuned, Frank. Why
dialog: drive a jalopy when you can have a
dialog: hot rod?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maybe you should trade him in on a
dialog: new model.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I would... if I could make any money
dialog: on the deal.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (reaches for her)
dialog: Want to go for another test drive?
text: The SOUND of an automobile engine outside. Lana stops him.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Pull over and park it, Frank. I'm
dialog: still under warranty.
scene_heading: EXT. NED'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Ned glances at the white van parked in the driveway, then
text: takes note of his wife's silver Mercedes... sitting on floor
text: jacks, the hood raised, tools spread out around it.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - THE KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Ned enters. Lana wears a diaphanous dressing gown, buttoned
text: unevenly, hair disheveled. She smokes a cigarette.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Morning sweetheart.
text: Ned kisses her on the back of the neck as he passes through
text: the kitchen on his way to the dining room. She reacts with
text: bored, contemptuous disinterest, picking up the coffee pot.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Uh huh. Want some coffee?
text: Ned steps back into the kitchen with his briefcase.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No thanks.
text: Ned sees Frank sitting at the kitchen table, hair messed up,
text: coveralls hastily pulled on inside-out. Frank is reading a
text: copy of INSURANCE DIGEST magazine. A headline on the cover
text: touts an article: "LIFE INSURANCE FOR YOUR CAT!... Cover All
text: Nine Lives For The Price of One!" Ned's smile fades.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Frank here was just grabbing a little
text: before going back to work on my car.
text: He steps over to the table... gives Frank a cool stare.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: How long you been working on Lana's
dialog: Mercedes, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Oh... I don't know... six, seven
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: And ya still haven't found the
dialog: problem?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (a leering smile)
dialog: Think I got my finger on it though.
text: Ned turns to Lana.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I know what he's doing, Lana. I wasn't
dialog: born yesterday. He's not fixing your
dialog: car. He's SCREWING you!
text: Lana tenses up at this. Frank freezes. He figures they've
text: been busted. He sits there, holding the magazine, not moving
text: a muscle... as Ned turns on him.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: YOU are screwing my wife! I can see
dialog: what your game is, Frank. You open
text: up her hood, poke around in there...
dialog: squirt some lubrication in... play
dialog: around with all her parts... then
dialog: take an old used piston and stick it
dialog: in... then pull it out... in, out,
dialog: in, out! Every day! There's no end
dialog: to it. You just keep coming and
dialog: COMING!... and the bill just gets
dialog: bigger and BIGGER!
text: Lana braces herself against the sink, breathless... turned
text: on by Ned's description. Ned goes to her, sympathetic.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: But you don't see it, do you, Lana?
dialog: You're too good... too pure. You
dialog: can't see the evil in people like
dialog: him.
dialog: (turns to Frank)
dialog: Well, you're not getting away with
dialog: it, pal. I'm pulling the plug! You're
dialog: fired!
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: Ned... don't you have to be somewhere?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: Oh... yeah. Thanks, honey. I'm late
dialog: for court.
text: He goes to kiss her mouth and she turns her cheek to him. He
text: looks at her lovingly... touches her face tenderly.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You are so naive.
text: He picks up his briefcase, gives Frank a nasty look, then
text: exits thru the back door.
text: Lana and Frank stare at each other lustfully, really hot
text: now! Frank sweeps the dishes off the table with his arm.
text: Lana leaps into his arms, wrapping her legs around his waist.
text: He lays her down on the kitchen table, standing over her.
text: Suddenly, Ned opens the back door, glaring right at Frank...
text: not even noticing Lana on the table.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Finish your coffee... then GET OUT!
text: He slams the door. A beat. Lana and Frank begin to devour
text: each other with passionate kisses. Another beat. The front
text: doorbell RINGS once... then again.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Just the postman. He always rings
dialog: twice.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S LAW OFFICE - DAY
text: Richly appointed with stately oak, walls lined with law books.
text: As in all "Noir" thrillers, venetian blinds cast dramatic
text: slashes of light and ceiling fans turn lazily in every room.
text: Ned hurries in, rummaging through the files on his desk.
text: LAURA, a strikingly lovely brunette, enters from the outer
text: office, files in hand. She is Ned's astute, dedicated, self-
text: sacrificing "girl-friday" and legal secretary. She keeps his
text: life from spinning crazily apart. She absolutely adores him.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Laura... do you know where...?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (hands him file)
dialog: Right here. The judge decided to
dialog: skip arraignment and take Milo direct
dialog: to trial. You're six minutes late,
dialog: but don't sweat it. You got Judge
dialog: Allen. He's always eleven minutes
dialog: late.
text: She picks up a lawbook, flips it open to a dog-eared page.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I suggest you try Lemming versus
dialog: Florida, 1956... where the guy jumped
text: in the water and everybody followed.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (thinks about it)
dialog: Yeah. Good idea.
text: He smiles gratefully... drops the file into his briefcase.
text: Ned heads for the office washroom. Laura darts ahead of him
text: into the washroom and turns the water on.
text: Ned steps in... splashes some water on his face. Laura grabs
text: a towel from the rack where three small towels hang neatly...
text: hands it to Ned. He dries his face, looking at her with
dialog: genuine fondness and gratitude.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I don't know what I'd do without
dialog: you?
text: She glances toward the toilet, notices it hasn't been flushed.
text: She FLUSHES it, lowers the seat.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Really?
text: She sits down on the toilet seat, watching him adoringly as
text: he shaves with an electric razor.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Laura, how long have you worked for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Two years, seven months, twenty-three
dialog: days, nineteen hours...
dialog: (checks her watch)
dialog: ...six minutes and fifty-two seconds.
dialog: (softly, to herself)
dialog: ...fifty-three... fifty-four... fifty-
dialog: five... fifty-six...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: And when was the last time I gave
dialog: you a raise?
text: Laura neatly folds the end of the toilet paper into a point.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Never. But that's okay. I don't need
dialog: a raise. In fact... I was thinking
dialog: of giving you a rebate on my salary.
text: He clicks off the razor, turns to look at her for a long
dialog: moment, considering this, then...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Naw. That's okay. You keep it.
text: He gives her a manly pat on the shoulder then casually tosses
text: the towel onto the rack, where it hangs sloppily askew...
text: right next to her face. He exits.
text: Laura stares at the towel with a tortured expression. The
text: CAMERA PUSHES IN to her face as we see...
scene_heading: INT. ULTRA-MODERN BEACH HOUSE - DAY
text: Scrawled on a steamed-up bathroom mirror - FLASHBACK - CAPE
text: COD - THREE YEARS EARLIER. A hand wipes the mirror off,
text: revealing Laura... younger, longer hair, with a nasty black
dialog: eye.
text: LAURA'S HUSBAND appears behind her, glaring insanely. He
text: looks toward the towel rack.
text: There are three towels... with HIS - HIS - HIS embossed along
text: the bottom edge. One towel hangs longer than the others.
speaker_heading: LAURA'S HUSBAND
dialog: Did we forget something?
text: She meekly lines up all the towels.
speaker_heading: LAURA'S HUSBAND
dialog: Did we forget something?
text: She meekly lines up all the towels.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Laura's Husband pulls the cupboard open. All the cans and
text: boxes are neatly stacked in straight lines. All except one.
text: She straightens it... trembling with fear.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF BEACH HOUSE - DAY
text: He pulls her outside, nodding toward a line of tall PINE
text: trees behind the house. They are all straight and even...
text: except one, whose tall branches tower conspicuously above
dialog: the rest.
text: He holds up a chainsaw, nodding toward the trees. Shaking
text: and tearful... she backs into the house.
speaker_heading: END FLASHBACK
dialog: BACK TO LAURA
text: SCREAMING out in terror! Ned rushes in, shaking her.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Laura. Laura! What is it?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (coming out of it)
dialog: I'm okay, I'm okay. I just get a
dialog: bit... claustrophobic... in the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Maybe we should try some prune juice.
text: He gives her shoulder a consoling squeeze, then exits. She
text: shakily straightens the towels and regains her composure.
text: Ned opens a wardrobe closet in his office. He walks along,
text: looking at thirty exactly identical blue suits, hanging
text: neatly. Laura follows behind him. He stops and stares,
dialog: indecisive.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Wear the blue one.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Ned turns dramatically to face the jury.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen... I ask you...
dialog: does this look like the face of a
dialog: crook?
scene_heading: ANGLE - MILO CRUMLEY
text: sitting next to Laura at the defense table... STILL wearing
text: the panty hose over his head.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Of course it does. But the question
dialog: of my client's guilt or innocence is
dialog: not the issue here today. I'm certain
dialog: every member of the jury can clearly
dialog: see that he's guilty!
speaker_heading: BLIND JUROR
dialog: I can't.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON NED - JURY'S POV
text: Ned ignores this, turning to look directly at the CAMERA as
text: he addresses the jury... holding up a pair of nylon pantyhose.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Put yourself in his shoes. Look
dialog: through his eyes. See the world the
dialog: way HE sees it!
text: He puts the pantyhose over the LENS, obscuring our view.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Things just don't look the same.
dialog: It's fuzzy... and frightening!
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - TO INCLUDE NED AND JURY
text: The nylon pantyhose are draped over the frightened face of a
text: WOMAN JUROR. All the other Jurors are holding up their own
text: socks and nylon stockings, trying to peer through them.
text: Ned steps over to Milo, motioning toward him.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen... Milo Crumley
dialog: is not the perpetrator here. He is
speaker_heading: the VICTIM!
text: Milo unwraps a piece of bubble gum and pushes it into his
text: panty-hose covered mouth, chewing the nylon and gum together.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Like ALL of us... this man is the
dialog: unfortunate victim of these tragically
dialog: difficult economic times. And what
dialog: does that mean? He can't support his
dialog: family!
text: Ned motions toward the gallery, where we SEE...
text: ...MILO'S WIFE and TWO CHILDREN, all wearing panty hose over
text: their faces. Ned motions toward Milo.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: For God's sake!... He can't even
dialog: support his own FACE!
text: JUDGE ALLEN notices that Milo is chewing gum.
speaker_heading: JUDGE ALLEN
dialog: Mr. Crumley... you cannot chew gum
dialog: in my courtroom... unless you have
dialog: enough for everyone.
text: Milo holds up a big plastic bag filled with bubble gum. Judge
text: Allen grabs it, takes a piece of gum and hands it to the
dialog: Bailiff.
speaker_heading: JUDGE ALLEN
dialog: Bailiff. Pass these out.
text: The Bailiff takes the bag, offers one to Ned... who takes a
text: piece, unwraps it and starts chewing. The Bailiff then
text: proceeds to pass out gum to EVERYONE in the courtroom.
text: The JURY FOREMAN raises his hand and clears his throat.
speaker_heading: JUDGE ALLEN
dialog: And don't forget the jury.
speaker_heading: NED
text: And so, desperate and broke, with no
dialog: other options before him, Mr. Crumley
dialog: went to eleven Savings &amp; Loans and
dialog: did what any of you would have done.
dialog: He stole back the money that the
dialog: S&amp;Ls had stolen from him!
text: The courtroom erupts in CHEERS! Judge Allen raps the gavel.
speaker_heading: JUDGE ALLEN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Mr. Ravine... please approach the
dialog: bench.
text: He does. The Judge leans toward him, reaching out to cover
text: the microphone, covering the end of the gavel instead. The
text: Judge's voice is AMPLIFIED over the courtroom speakers.
speaker_heading: JUDGE ALLEN
dialog: You're not running for congress here,
dialog: so knock off the speeches and quit
dialog: inciting these brainless morons! Now
dialog: pick up the pace and wrap this son-
dialog: of-a-bitch up! Call your first
dialog: witness.
text: Ned turns... looking out over the courtroom.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I call... Detective Ned Ravine.
text: There is a surprised GASP from the crowd... and a loud MURMUR.
text: The BAILIFF holds out a video box. It's titled HOLY BIBLE -
text: THE VIDEO. Ned puts one hand on it, raises the other.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Do you swear to tell the truth, the
dialog: whole truth and nothing but the truth,
dialog: so help you God?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I do.
text: Ned sits down... then gets up, his demeanor changing.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Detective Ravine, at the time of the
dialog: arrest, did you read the defendant
dialog: his Miranda rights?
text: He slips back into the witness box.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Of course. That's standard procedure.
text: Ned steps over to Arch, who is sitting in the first row of
text: the gallery. Arch hands him the Miranda "cue cards."
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Are these the cards Officer Brooks
dialog: used to prompt you while reading Mr.
dialog: Crumley his rights?
text: He lays them on the corner of the stand... then slips into
text: the chair. He picks the cards up and flips thru them. On the
text: back we can see scribbled... "NED'S IDIOT CARDS"
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah. These are them.
text: Ned jumps to his feet, pacing dramatically, grabbing the
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Reading from the cards now... quote
dialog: "You have the right to remain silent,
dialog: if you waive that right, anything
dialog: you say... may be used against you
dialog: in a court of law." Is that right?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (back in the chair)
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (stands up, announces)
dialog: WRONG! The official Miranda warning
dialog: is... "anything you say CAN be used
dialog: against you in a court of law." Not
dialog: "may"... "CAN!"
dialog: (on the attack)
dialog: Don't you know the difference between
dialog: "can" and "may", Detective? Every
dialog: school kid knows "can" is a verb
dialog: that indicates ability to perform,
dialog: while "may" is a verbal auxiliary
dialog: indicating the permission to act.
text: Ned pivots into the witness stand, changing his attitude
text: from aggressive attorney to defensive, angry witness as he
text: hits the chair.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I didn't have time to worry about
dialog: past participles or interrogative
dialog: pronouns! I was trying to protect
dialog: society from a deranged MADMAN!
text: (leaps up, pointing)
dialog: But this ivy league fop...!!!
text: The courtroom ERUPTS! The Judge bangs the gavel. Ned strides
text: proudly toward the defense table.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I have no more use for this witness.
speaker_heading: JUDGE ALLEN
dialog: Mr. Ravine...
text: Ned turns. The Judge motions with a finger for Ned to approach
text: the bench. Ned does, resting his hand on it.
speaker_heading: JUDGE ALLEN
dialog: I'm dismissing this case on the
dialog: grounds of improper grammar.
text: The Judge smacks Ned's hand with a ruler!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Ow!
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: (jumps up)
dialog: But your Honor...!
speaker_heading: JUDGE ALLEN
dialog: I know, I know. It's a technicality.
dialog: But it's the kind of technicality
dialog: that makes the American legal system
dialog: what it is today! Court's adjourned!
text: The Judge mistakenly picks up the microphone and whacks it
text: on the bench like a gavel. BAM! BAM! BAM! It is DEAFENING!
text: Everyone covers their ears in pain.
text: The THX Sound System Logo appears at the bottom of the
text: screen... along with "The Courtroom Is Listening"
scene_heading: INT. NED'S LAW OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Ned turns the key... enters through the private door. He
text: HEARS the plaintive sound of a saxophone playing Lola's
text: Theme... his eyes drawn to the slightly opened door to the
dialog: outer office.
scene_heading: ANGLE - NED'S POV THRU OPENING
text: A gorgeous pair of legs, sleek nylons, high-heeled shoes.
text: There are several CANDY WRAPPERS, CIGARETTE BUTTS and other
text: pieces of TRASH stuck to the bottom of one shoe.
speaker_heading: NED
text: pushes the door open. It's Lola. She wears a tight white
text: dress, long white gloves and broad-brimmed hat. The hat tips
text: up slowly, revealing her eyes.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I waited. You never came back.
text: Ned reaches in his pocket, pulls out a wet paper towel.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I got busy. Here's that paper towel
dialog: I promised.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Thanks...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: How'd you get in? The door was locked.
text: Lola proudly holds up a tiny bobbie pin. She smiles.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: It's miraculous what a real woman
dialog: can do... with a bobbie pin.
text: Ned looks at the door. The frame and lock have been brutally
text: chewed away, as if someone used a jackhammer on them! She
text: pulls out a pack of cigarettes... BLACK LUNG LITES.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: (offering)
dialog: Cigarette?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No... thanks. They're bad for ya.
text: He goes to the water cooler. She lights up, exhaling a soft
text: cloud of smoke through a sleepy smile, her voice purring.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Yes, I know. I like things that are
dialog: bad for me.
dialog: (touching lawbooks)
dialog: So... I hear you go both ways.
text: Ned hesitates... about to drink from the paper cup.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Only once. It was a fraternity prank.
dialog: I never saw him again.
text: He gulps the water down, crumbles the cup in his hand.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: No, I mean... you're a cop and a
dialog: lawyer.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh. Yeah. Well, there's a lot of
dialog: scum out there on the streets... but
dialog: they all deserve a fair and costly
dialog: trial.
text: Ned turns, tries to casually "dunk" the crumpled cup in the
text: waste basket. He misses.
text: Laura enters with a huge pile of lawbooks in her arms. She
text: sees Ned miss the basket and darts over as he bends down to
dialog: pick it up.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'll get that.
text: She picks it up and tosses it into the waste basket.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh... Laura... this is, uh...
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Lola Cain.
text: Laura sets the heavy load of books on the desk and steps
text: toward Lola, extending her hand. Lola takes her time removing
text: the long white glove... finally reaching out and shaking
text: Laura's hand with a condescending air.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: So lovely to meet you, Laura.
text: Ned grabs the books and turns to the bookshelf, replacing
text: each lawbook in its proper slot.
text: The "handshake" between Lola and Laura turns tense, then
text: aggressive, eventually becoming a "standing Indian wrestle"
text: as they try to force each other off balance with sheer force.
text: Ned is oblivious to the battle behind him, chattering away.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Gotta keep these darn books in their
dialog: right place or we'll never find the
dialog: ones we need. Let's see, Q thru M...
dialog: R thru B... W thru F...
text: Laura suddenly whirls Lola around, putting her in an arm
text: lock. But Lola elbows Laura in the stomach! Laura doubles
text: over. Lola feigns sympathy, taking her hand... then spins,
text: twisting Laura's arm, flipping her head over heels!
text: Laura lands on the couch... upside down... gasping. Lola
text: strikes a haughty pose, still holding her lit cigarette. She
text: takes a drag. Laura checks her watch, then tumbles off the
text: couch, landing on her feet. She straightens her skirt.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: It's getting late. I'll give you a
dialog: ride home, Ned.
text: Finished with the books, Ned turns... smiles.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I have my car.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'll tow you.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Not today. You don't need to wait.
dialog: I'll see you tomorrow.
text: Lola looks at Laura... icy, haughty, triumphant. Laura moves
text: reluctantly toward the door, sees the lock and door frame
text: chewed to pieces... whirls around, heads back toward Ned.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I should call someone to fix this...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Tomorrow...
text: She instantly spins around, heads back toward the door...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'll call from home.
text: ...and exits. Ned sits down on the corner of the desk. Lola
text: sits in the chair across from him.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I think I should warn you, Mr.
dialog: Ravine... I'm not wearing any
dialog: underwear.
text: She crosses her legs suggestively... then slowly, enticingly,
text: re-crosses them in the other direction.
text: Unimpressed, Ned opens Laura's desk drawer... pulls a pair
text: of sexy lace panties from a Kleenex-style dispenser box
text: labeled "PANDORA'S POP-UP PANTIES"... which pulls another
text: pair up into position. He tosses the panties to Lola.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Try these on.
text: She does... very, very slowly and seductively... as they
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: So... what can I do for you?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I've run across some... papers...
dialog: and I thought you might be able to
dialog: tell me what they are. You see, I'm
dialog: not very experienced when it comes
dialog: to... papers.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'll help you Miss Cain, if I'm able.
dialog: Do you have the... papers... here?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: No... they're at home. I thought you
dialog: might stop by...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'm on duty tonight.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Don't they ever give you a night
dialog: off?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah. Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: (picks up cigarette)
dialog: Why don't we meet tomorrow evening
dialog: then?
text: She finishes pulling the panties on with a sultry smile...
text: "snapping" the elastic waistband. She goes to the door,
text: pauses... turns to him.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I'll let you know where.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (steps over to her)
dialog: What's wrong with my office?
text: She looks around, exhaling another cloud of smoke.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Nothing a good interior decorator
dialog: couldn't fix.
text: She opens the door. Behind her, in the hall, we see Dizzy,
text: the saxophone player, wailing away on "Lola's Theme."
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON LOLA
text: She takes a final, long drag on her cigarette, then reaches
text: O.S. with it... toward Ned.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Take care of this for me, will ya?
text: With a sultry smile, she turns and leaves, closing the door.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON NED
text: The cigarette is stuck in his nose.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The front door swings open. Frank is standing there, dressed
text: in a cheap, loose-fitting suit and a T-shirt.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I came back for my shower cap.
text: Lana, now wearing the diaphanous gown, pulls him inside. She
text: kisses him hungrily, slipping a frilly plastic shower cap
text: with a gaudy floral design on his head.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Yeah, well you came to the right
dialog: place.
text: She walks to the living room. Frank follows, still wearing
text: the shower cap. Lana snaps her fingers.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Sit down.
text: He sits in a chair, looking around.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: On duty all night. By the time he
dialog: wraps up his reports, it'll be close
dialog: to noon tomorrow.
text: She sits on the couch, picks up a stack of papers.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I was just reading over...
text: She looks up at Frank. Sees the shower cap.
speaker_heading: LANA
text: Take off the hat, Frank.
text: He slips the shower cap off as Lana continues.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I was just reading over my husband's
dialog: insurance policies. You wouldn't
dialog: know anything about insurance, would
dialog: you, Frankie?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah, matter of fact, I sell policies
dialog: part-time. I got half a brain... or
dialog: didn't you notice?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I musta had my eye on something else.
dialog: (hands him papers)
dialog: How about a translation.
text: He flips through, scanning the pages, shrugging.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Standard accident policy... all the
dialog: usual stuff... blah, blah, blah. The
dialog: face value is... Wow. Not bad. Three
dialog: million bucks!
dialog: (flips page)
dialog: And there's a triple indemnity rider.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Meaning?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Aw, it's just something agents throw
dialog: in so we can boost the premium. If
dialog: the policy holder dies under very
dialog: specific conditions, it pays off
dialog: three times the face value of the
dialog: policy.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Nine million dollars...?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah... but it's a sure bet for the
dialog: company. Nobody ever collects.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well, like here... it only pays off
text: if he's shot with a pistol, falls
text: from a moving northbound train and
text: drowns in a fresh water stream.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: All three?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: See what I mean, sweetheart? What
dialog: are the odds of that?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: It could happen.
dialog: (dramatic beat)
dialog: Suppose it did happen?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Then you'd be rich.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Then we'd be rich.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What're you sayin'...?
text: She drops to her knees in front of him, her face close to
text: his, speaking with a persuasive urgency.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: We're gonna kill the son-of-a-bitch!
dialog: And I know exactly how! He has a
dialog: legal symposium in Santa Barbara
dialog: this weekend... All we have to do is
dialog: get him to take the train up instead
dialog: of driving.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How we gonna do that? Didn't you
dialog: tell me he hates trains?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: That's where you come in, baby. You're
dialog: gonna rig his car so it doesn't work.
dialog: That should be no problem for you.
text: She gets up, walks to the adjoining room... snapping her
text: fingers at her side. He follows.
text: She steps to a table, pulls the cover off an elaborate scale-
text: model of Dealey Plaza and a train station, complete with HO-
text: Scale model trains chugging around the tracks.
text: She uses a pointer to trace the route to the depot.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Then... we give him a lift to the
dialog: train station... through Dealey Plaza,
text: past the Book Suppository and around
dialog: the grassy knoll...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Isn't that out of our way?
text: Ignoring this, she turns the LIGHTS OFF, walks over to a
text: screen and picks up a remote control. She clicks the button.
text: A SLIDE PROJECTOR comes on, throwing an IMAGE on Frank's
text: back. We can read the words: THE PLAN.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Move, Frank.
text: He moves over. "THE PLAN" appears on the screen.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: And pay attention.
text: As she talks, IMAGES appear on the screen, accompanying her
text: rapid spiel. We see: a shot of the depot, a map of the rail
text: route, a gun, a river, a Bingo game, baseball action and a
dialog: huge dollar sign!
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Ten minutes out of the station he'll
text: be standing in the vestibule between
text: cars... trying to avoid a panic
dialog: attack. Fourteen minutes and ten
text: seconds out, the train crosses the
dialog: Santa Ynez River. So at thirteen
dialog: minutes and fifty-four seconds, I
text: shoot him, shove him out the door...
text: he hits the river and drowns. Bingo!
dialog: A triple play. We're rich!
text: The lights click ON.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You been thinking about this a lot,
dialog: haven't you?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: No. It just came to me.
dialog: (closer, seductive)
dialog: I had this image of a big, powerful,
text: throbbing train... plunging into a
text: long, dark, wet tunnel.
text: They embrace, kissing passionately, dropping out of frame.
text: The model train CHUGS faster, the train whistle SHRIEKING a
text: long "Woooooooo-woooooooooo!"... racing into a model tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - SQUAD ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ned and Arch drag in a bunch of bad-ass, multi-ethnic GANG
text: MEMBERS they've just busted. Ned angrily shoves one of the
text: toughest gang members against the wall... losing his cool.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Stand over there and shut up!
speaker_heading: GANG MEMBER #1
dialog: Hey, man, we got rights! Don't you
dialog: be layin' no deleterious malfeasance
dialog: on us.
text: Ned goes ballistic and slams him into the wall again!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Watch your mouth, punk! I don't want
dialog: to hear language like that!
text: Arch grabs Ned by the shoulder, pulling him back, calming
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Whoa, hold on, hoss! Take it easy.
dialog: You seem a little tense tonight.
dialog: What is it?
text: Ned regains his composure. He's depressed.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Aw... I don't know. I guess it's
dialog: Lana. It's just... I know she wants
dialog: to have a baby so bad...
text: Gang Member #1 steps closer, listening.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...but I never get to spend any time
dialog: with her. And when I am home... it's
dialog: like she's, you know... avoiding
dialog: sex.
text: Gang Member #1 steps closer, listening.
speaker_heading: GANG MEMBER #1
dialog: You should try to be more sensitive,
dialog: man. More romantic. Bring her flowers.
text: He steps between them, putting his arm around Ned's shoulder.
speaker_heading: GANG MEMBER #1
dialog: Try to understand how she feels.
dialog: After all...
text: He steps back, begins to SING "Try A Little Tenderness"...
speaker_heading: GANG MEMBER #1
dialog: She may be weary... Women do get
dialog: weary... Wearing that same old shabby
dialog: dress... But when she's weary... Try
dialog: a little ten-der-ness...
text: The other Gang Members join in on the SECOND VERSE with a
text: sweet, mellow street-corner harmony as back-up... and some
text: smooth group choreography.
text: The COPS on duty listen raptly, getting maudlin and dewey-
text: eyed. Tears roll down the cheeks of the BOOKING SERGEANT.
text: The lights dim. A big, gruff COP makes eyes at a HOOKER being
text: booked... and they start to slow dance.
text: Arch watches all this with a sentimental smile, munching on
text: his Nachos. When the song ends, Arch puts a comforting hand,
text: covered with Nacho cheese, on Ned's shoulder.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That can't be it. I'm the tenderest
dialog: guy on the force. Nah... I think
dialog: she's just afraid she won't be able
dialog: to get pregnant.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: What's to be afraid! It's like making
dialog: breakfast! You bring home the bacon...
dialog: she's got the eggs. Ya scramble it
dialog: up. Ba-da-boom ba-da-bing! She's got
dialog: an omelette in the oven!
dialog: (a beat, then)
dialog: Why don't you knock off early... go
dialog: home. It'd be nice for Lana to wake
dialog: up in the morning and find you there
dialog: for a change.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Naw... I can't. I got all this
dialog: paperwork.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Don't worry about that.
speaker_heading: GANG MEMBER #1
dialog: We'll do our own paperwork, man!
scene_heading: OTHER GANG MEMBERS
dialog: Yeah! We'll fill out all that shit.
text: Ned nods, smiles and gratefully "high-fives" the Gang Members
text: as he heads for the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The house is dark. A key turns in the lock and Ned enters.
speaker_heading: IN THE BEDROOM
text: It's dark. Ned quietly undresses and slips into bed.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CLOSE ON LANA - DAWN
text: Sunlight creeps through the windows. Lana's eyes flutter
text: open. She sees Ned beside her... sleeping. Suddenly, it hits
text: her. She turns! Frank is on the other side, curled up,
text: snoring. She's laying between both men!
text: Lana elbows Frank. He stirs, groggy. She covers his mouth...
text: indicating Ned. Frank's eyes bug out! He slips out of bed.
text: The bed frame SQUEAKS LOUDLY! Frank freezes. Ned sleeps on
dialog: steadily.
text: Frank grabs his clothes. An unending torrent of coins fall
text: out of his pants pockets, CLANGING on the floor! He freezes.
text: Ned sleeps on. Frank retrieves the coins, clumsily stepping
text: on the TV REMOTE CONTROL.
text: A high-tech, sleekly designed TELEVISION MONITOR rises up...
text: clicks ON. Frank tries frantically to push the set down, but
text: it keeps rising into position. An IMAGE appears. It's WILLARD
text: SCOTT, doing the weather on the TODAY SHOW.
text: Frank grabs the remote control, frantically pounding on all
text: the buttons. The VOLUME goes up... SOUND BLASTING!
speaker_heading: WILLARD SCOTT
dialog: (on television)
dialog: ...and Mrs. Prudy Ann Camomile of
dialog: Delphi, Georgia is one-hundred and
dialog: thirteen! What a gorgeous hunk of
dialog: female! Smokes three cigars a day,
text: drinks a straight shot of vodka at
dialog: bedtime... and still has sex!
text: The alarm clock goes off, CLANGING LOUDLY! Lana dives for
text: it, slamming her hand down, killing the alarm.
text: Going for a double-play, she flings the clock at the TV,
text: nailing the on/off switch! Silence. Ned is still out cold.
text: Frank moves toward the door... but with each step the floor
text: CREAKS LOUDLY! He turns the knob. It CLUNKS! He pulls the
text: door open v-e-r-y s-l-o-w-l-y and it CRE-E-E-E-A-K-S like
text: the piercing metal brakes of a train!
text: He blows Lana a kiss, then pulls the door closed very gently.
text: It sticks. He pulls harder. The knob pops off in his hand
text: and he falls backward, tumbling down the stairs with a HUGE
text: RACKET! Ned doesn't stir. Finally it's SILENT. Lana exhales.
text: A SMALL BIRD lands on the sill of the open window, trilling
text: a sweet little "CHIRP." Ned sits bolt upright, irritated.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Damn birds!
text: He grabs his shoe, heaving it toward the open window.
scene_heading: EXT. NED'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Frank glances back up at the bedroom window with an arrogant
text: smirk. WHAP! Ned's shoe hits him right in the face!
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Ned comes down the courthouse steps. He pauses in the street,
text: glimpsing the back of a WOMAN passing nearby... a STUNNING
text: BLOND decked out in a clinging dress and fashionable hat...
text: a long strip of toilet paper trailing from her high heel
text: shoe. It must be LOLA. He turns to watch her.
text: A HORN BLARES! BRAKES SCREECH! The SOUND OVERLAPS to...
scene_heading: INT. NED'S LAW OFFICE - DAY
text: The door opens. Ned enters, looking terrible. Suit ripped,
text: hair messed up, bruised and battered, briefcase crushed.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: My God, Ned... you look like you
text: were hit by a bus.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I was.
dialog: (notices)
dialog: Who's in my office?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Max Shady's mother.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Not again.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE OFFICE
text: MRS. SHADY, an older woman with a pleasant appearance, sits
text: in an overstuffed leather chair. Ned and Laura enter.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Shady.
text: Ned goes straight to his office closet, pulls out an identical
text: blue suit... and starts stripping off his tattered clothes.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Laura... check on my insurance. Make
dialog: sure it's paid up.
text: Laura reluctantly returns to the outer office.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: Good idea, Mr. Ravine. My son, Max,
dialog: is getting out of prison tomorrow.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: Gee, has it been seven years already?
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: Seven long, miserable years in the
text: slammer. And he's a bit pissed off.
speaker_heading: NED
text: Well, being locked in a tiny room
dialog: with no TV can make a guy feel pretty
dialog: tense.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: I'm very concerned about him, Mr.
dialog: Ravine. He said you were a two-bit
dialog: shyster... and he's going to rip
dialog: your head off and use it for a bowling
dialog: ball!
text: He goes to her, putting a comforting hand on her shoulder,
text: looking her right in the eye, attempting to provide solace.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'm sure the experience wasn't all
dialog: negative. He probably made a lot of
dialog: friends...
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: (ever hopeful)
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...learned a useful trade...
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: Oh yes... live autopsies...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...caught up on all those books he
dialog: wanted to read...
text: She struggles to her feet feebly...
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: Maybe so... but he said he's going
dialog: to punch you in the testicles...
text: She hauls off and PUNCHES him like a pile driver! WHAM! He
text: doubles over, gasping.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: ...smash your face...
text: She KNEES him in the face, raising him up... then nails him
text: with a devastating RIGHT CROSS, spinning him around. He
text: collapses over the desk.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: ...and decimate your wardrobe.
text: She grabs the tail of his suit jacket and rips it up the
dialog: back!
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: And I wouldn't want that to happen.
dialog: (spanks his butt)
dialog: He's a naughty naughty boy. I just
dialog: thought I should warn you.
text: She turns and shuffles out, passing through the outer office.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: (to Laura)
dialog: Bye for now.
dialog: (pauses by desk)
dialog: Oh... may I have a cookie?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (at file cabinet)
dialog: Sure.
text: She grabs a handful of cookies and casually flings them at
text: Laura... as she heads out the door.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: Thank yooooooooou.
text: Laura rushes into Ned's office with the file folder. He
text: staggers unsteadily by the desk.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh my God, Ned.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I hate when she comes to see me.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Don't you realize, Ned?... you could
dialog: be in real danger.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (sees file)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Extreme peril. You know, the risk of
dialog: personal bodily harm.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (points at file)
dialog: No... I mean that.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Your insurance file. But the policy's
dialog: missing. Did you take it home?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I don't think so.
text: Laura looks puzzled... wondering where it might be. Then...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh, wait a second...
text: She goes to her desk in the outer office, digs through a
text: drawer. Suddenly, she GASPS!
dialog: She is holding...
speaker_heading: A FRAMED PHOTOGRAPH
text: of her abusive HUSBAND... sneering. A circle has been drawn
text: around his head with lipstick and a diagonal line slashed
text: across his face.
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO: FLASHBACK
scene_heading: HER HUSBAND'S FACE
text: peers out through a sailboat porthole at stormy seas. A piece
text: of masking tape stuck to the glass matches the diagonal line.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN OF SAILBOAT - NIGHT
text: Laura's Husband turns from the porthole. Laura cowers.
text: The boat pitches and heaves, disturbing all the neatly hung
text: towels, emblazoned with MINE - MINE - MINE across the bottom
text: edge. Laura's Husband reacts with a crazed look in his eyes.
text: Laura makes a break for it, running up on deck.
scene_heading: EXT. SAILBOAT IN STORM - NIGHT
text: Laura's Husband scrambles up onto the deck, looking fore and
text: aft. Laura's vanished! He looks out to sea, calling...
speaker_heading: LAURA'S HUSBAND
dialog: Lau-raaaaa!
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: Laura paddles ashore, grasping a little kid's inflatable
text: float ring. She struggles onto the sand and looks out to
text: sea, triumphant... tossing the plastic float aside.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - ULTRA CONTEMPO BEACH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: -- Laura rushes in, tracking water all through the house.
text: -- Laura cuts an inch of hair from her amazingly long, very
text: wet tresses, then puts on a WIG... that is also LONG and
speaker_heading: WET!
text: -- Laura retrieves a bra and a package of Twinkies from a
text: secret hiding place... and stuffs them into a small brown
text: paper bag.
text: -- Laura hurriedly mops up her water tracks, then...
text: -- She uses an industrial buffer to wax the hardwood floor.
text: -- Laura removes her wedding ring... throws it in the toilet.
text: She reaches for the handle to flush it... hesitates, seeing
text: the "CONSERVE WATER - THIS MEANS YOU!" sticker on the toilet.
text: She reaches into the bowl and retrieves the ring.
text: -- On the deck, Laura throws the wedding ring toward the
text: ocean. A SEAGULL swoops down, snatching it in mid-air and
text: flies off.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
text: -- In the bathroom... the Seagull flies in through the open
text: window, lands on the back of the toilet and drops the ring...
dialog: into the toilet bowl!
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - NEXT MORNING
text: Laura's Husband reaches into the surf and picks up the
text: deflated float ring. He looks at it with a cruel sneer.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - BATHROOM
text: Laura's Husband fishes Laura's wedding ring out of the toilet
text: bowl... looking off with demonic rage!
scene_heading: END FLASHBACK MONTAGE
scene_heading: THE CAMERA PULLS BACK
text: from Laura's SCREAMING mouth! Her eyes are filled with pure
text: terror! A GIGANTIC wave of WATER splashes in her face!
text: We see Ned... holding a tiny empty paper cup in his hand.
text: Laura is completely drenched!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Laura! Are you alright? That was a
dialog: very long flashback you had.
text: She snaps out of it, sputtering.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes... I know. It's okay. I'm just a
dialog: little... pre-menstrual.
text: She goes to her desk, still upset. She picks up the message
text: spike and turns to Ned.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: That Lola Cain... "person"... stopped
dialog: by. She left this!
text: She thrusts it toward Ned's face! There's a business card
text: stuck on the end. He pulls it off.
scene_heading: ANGLE - CLOSE ON BUSINESS CARD
text: It reads: LE HOT CLUB! No Air Conditioning... And Proud Of
text: It! Scribbled next to it is the message... "Meet me at 7:30".
text: The edges of the card are scorched.
scene_heading: INT. LE HOT CLUB - NIGHT
text: It's dark, seductive, smoky, crowded... and HOT. Everybody
text: is dripping with sweat and holding unlit cigarettes.
text: Ned enters, sees Lola sitting on a stool at the bar, one leg
text: crossed provocatively over the other. A beer can is stuck to
text: the gum on the bottom of her shoe. It falls off with a CLUNK.
text: He sits on the stool next to her. She looks at him, smiles.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh yeah, before I forget... you asked
dialog: me to take care of this.
text: He reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out a LIT CIGARETTE.
text: It has a very long ash.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Thanks...
text: She takes it... inhales a drag, then lets the smoke flow out
text: through her smile. It flows out for a loooooooooong time!
dialog: More smoke than she could ever have inhaled. Then...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You smoke too much.
dialog: (looks around, then)
dialog: It's hot tonight.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Is it? I never know. My body heat
dialog: runs about twenty degrees above
dialog: normal.
text: He notices the drink in her hand is BOILING. A saxophone
text: begins to softly wail Lola's Theme. Ned looks over to see a
text: QUARTET, featuring Dizzy on sax. The GUITARIST spontaneously
text: bursts into FLAME! A FIREMAN, in full gear, jumps up from
text: the bar and puts out the blaze with a fire extinguisher.
text: None of the band members miss a beat.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Maybe we should look for a cooler
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I doubt we'll find one. Even the
text: wind chimes on my porch aren't moving
text: much these days. They keep thudding
text: softly, like dairy cows bumping butts
dialog: in the night. I go out there expecting
dialog: to find a cool breeze... but it's
text: just a lot of hot air.
text: Ned glances at the MALE CUSTOMERS... sitting at the bar across
text: from them. They're staring coldly at Ned.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What're they lookin' at?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: A lot of them have tried that seat.
dialog: You're the first one's lasted this
dialog: long.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I feel honored.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Don't. It's broken.
text: A beat of realization, then the stool collapses with a CRASH!
text: Ned pulls himself back up and drags another stool over.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Did you bring the... papers?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: No. I thought you might come over...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Sure. I'll drive you.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I brought my own car.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'll follow you then.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I know it sounds silly, but would
dialog: you leave first... wait in your car?
dialog: I come here a lot and I wouldn't
dialog: want those men to think I'm "easy"...
text: a slut who'll jump into bed with
dialog: anyone at the drop of a hat. But if
dialog: you leave first...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...they'll think I'm a putz for
dialog: passing up a sure thing.
text: Lola stares at Ned for a long moment... then SLAPS his face.
text: He doesn't move, remaining staunchly macho. Then, suddenly,
text: she SLUGS HIM so hard it knocks him over the top of the bar!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: (for all to hear)
dialog: Now leave me alone!
text: She pauses to give him a flicker of a COY SMILE... then picks
text: up her drink and moves to a nearby table. Ned struggles to
text: his feet and staggers to the door.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Ned is a mess! Blood trickles from the side of his mouth.
text: Shirt soaked in sweat. He turns the radio ON. LOLA'S THEME
text: starts playing.
text: A small ceiling fan hangs from the interior roof of his car,
text: turning slowly. The venetian blinds on his side windows are
text: partially open, letting in slashes of dramatic light.
scene_heading: ANGLE - HIS POV OF ROAD
text: He's following Lola's car. It signals and turns left.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Still hot, Ned pulls the chain on the ceiling fan. It spins
text: faster. MUCH faster! The car becomes like a wind tunnel!
scene_heading: EXT. LOLA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The two cars enter a long drive, coming to a stop near a
text: large two story house surrounded by lush greenery.
text: Ned climbs out... his wind-blown hair flattened on one side
text: and sticking out crazily.
scene_heading: ANGLE - LOLA'S CAR DOOR - NED'S POV
text: It opens. Lola's legs swing out. The CAMERA PANS DOWN her
text: long legs to her feet. The car floormat is stuck to one shoe.
text: She casually shakes it off... going to the front door.
scene_heading: INT. LOLA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: They enter. It's DARK. Ned squints into the shadows.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, here we are... in the dark.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I have The Clapper.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You what?
text: Lola CLAPS her hands twice and all the LIGHTS COME ON. She
text: smiles at him... drops her car keys on the hall table, then
text: goes up the stairs.
text: Ned drops his car keys on the table too and follows her.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH OFF BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Lola clicks on a porch light. She and Ned step out. Dozens
text: of small boxes hang around the perimeter of the porch.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: My wind chimes.
text: Ned steps over, running his hands along the boxes. They "thud"
dialog: against each other.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You know, these would work a lot
dialog: better if you took them out of the
dialog: boxes.
text: He slips several boxes off, releasing clusters of the metal
text: chimes. They "tinkle" and "clang" melodically in the breeze.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Well well... I guess you have been
dialog: around. I'm impressed.
text: She moves close, coming on to him. Ned feels uneasy.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Why don't we take a look at those...
dialog: papers?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Papers. Right.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING AREA OFF BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Lola comes in, looks around, then down. She removes her shoe,
text: pulling off two scraps of paper stuck to the gum on her heel.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Ned is looking through a book... "KAMIKAZE KAMA SUTRA - The
text: Encyclopedia of Deadly Sexual Positions." Lola comes back
text: in, hands Ned the two scraps of paper.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That's it? These are the... papers?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Yes. They're so confusing to me. Can
dialog: you tell me what they are?
text: He checks them out... shrugs. It's obvious.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: This one's a laundry receipt... and
dialog: the other one's an expired lottery
dialog: ticket.
text: He hands them back to her, but she gently pushes them away.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: No. You keep them... as a memento of
dialog: our time together.
text: She slips them into his jacket pocket... then sensuously
text: slides her hands around him, grabbing his buns, pulling him
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I'm so grateful. How can I ever repay
dialog: you for all you've done?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Cash would be nice.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Isn't there some other way?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I suppose you could wash my car.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: No, I mean, isn't there something
dialog: else you want? Something I could
dialog: give you?
text: She seductively starts to slide the jacket off his shoulders.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hey... slow down... there's a speed
dialog: limit in this state. Sixty-five miles
dialog: an hour.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: How fast was I going, officer?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh, about a hundred and twenty-three.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Suppose you pull me over and frisk
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Suppose I let you off with a warning?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Suppose I find a cop with a bigger
dialog: nightstick?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Suppose I put you under arrest for
dialog: being a bad girl with bad thoughts?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Suppose you handcuff me to the bed?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (rapid run-on)
dialog: Suppose I do and then we lose the
dialog: key and while I'm gone to get a
dialog: duplicate made the house catches on
dialog: fire and I can't get back to save
dialog: you because the bridge is washed out
dialog: and so you die a horrible death
text: toasted like a Polish sausage on a
dialog: flaming spit!
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Nah... I better be going.
text: He turns and leaves. She is stunned, confused, breathless.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: Ned opens the door, pauses, turns... as Lola joins him there.
text: She looks into his eyes with desire.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: You're not so tough. Last chance.
text: She moves her lips close to his, about to kiss him. Then...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No thanks. I got a cold shower and a
dialog: wife who trusts me waiting at home.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: What's the matter? Don't you want
dialog: me? It's the way I look, isn't it?
text: He steps out, pauses... turns to her.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Don't forget to lock up.
text: Ned pulls the door shut. The lock CLICKS. He pauses by his
text: car, realizing something, heaves a sigh, goes back to the
dialog: door.
text: He tries the knob, but the door is locked. He looks through
text: the small window. He sees Lola standing inside... breathing
text: heavily, bracing herself against the staircase bannister,
text: hand to her heaving chest as if to calm a pounding heart.
text: He pushes against the door. It won't budge. He goes to the
text: large window, gazing inside. She slides one hand enticingly
text: across her breast and thigh, striking a seductive pose.
text: He points toward the door, motioning for her to unlock it.
text: She looks away. Frustrated, Ned tries the window. It's locked.
text: He picks up a wrought iron chair, SLAMS it into the window!
text: The heavy chair falls apart. The glass doesn't even vibrate!
text: He sees a riding power mower in the driveway... jumps into
text: the seat, starts the engine... barreling toward the front of
text: the house! THUNDER CRASHES and LIGHTNING FLASHES in the sky!
text: He PLOWS into the side of the house, SMASHING a huge hole
text: thru the wall!... MOWING a swath in the carpet!
text: Lola GASPS. Ned climbs off the mower, moving toward her. She
text: opens her arms, breathless. The MUSIC SWELLS dramatically!
text: She intercepts him, embracing him passionately.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I knew you'd come back...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (looking past her)
dialog: I forgot my car keys.
text: He struggles free, grabbing his car keys from the hall table.
text: She follows, embracing him again, even more tenaciously.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: That's not what you came back for.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yes it is.
text: Impatient, she crushes her mouth against his, kissing him
text: hard, desperately clawing at his clothes. She's relentless...
text: devouring him with her lips and tongue.
text: Overwhelmed, he succumbs to her passion. His car keys drop
text: from his hand. She pushes him down toward the floor.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - AT FLOOR LEVEL
text: Her hands grasp his shirt, ripping it open. The buttons fly
text: in all directions! She grabs at his leather belt, twisting
dialog: it in her hands... ripping it in two!
text: She grabs his pants by the cuffs... rips one pant leg off!
dialog: Then the other!... tossing them over each shoulder!
text: Ned and Lola tumble across the floor, arms and legs
text: entangled... rolling themselves up in a rug in the process.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FIREPLACE
text: A roaring fire. We HEAR O.C. MOANING and HEAVY BREATHING.
text: The CAMERA TILTS DOWN to a sheepskin rug in front of the
text: fireplace. No one is there! A crystal vase falls, CRASHING
text: on the stone hearth. The CAMERA TILTS UP to REVEAL Ned and
text: Lola... stretched out on the mantle, ravishing each other.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE REFRIGERATOR
text: The door suddenly BURSTS OPEN! Ned and Lola tumble out...
text: wrapped in each other's arms, food tumbling out with them.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE DINING ROOM TABLE
text: The table wiggles. The CAMERA MOVES UP to REVEAL Ned and
text: Lola kissing passionately. She lays on the table, arms and
text: legs stretched upward... a spinning plate balanced on the
text: pointed finger of each hand... and a large spinning platter
text: balanced on the end of her pointed left toe. Her right foot
text: brushes the platter to keep it spinning. The Ed Sullivan
dialog: Show position.
scene_heading: SEVERAL ANGLES - IN BED
text: -- Ned and Lola's entangled legs, moving under the sheets.
text: -- Ned sitting, wrists tied to the brass bed with silk
text: scarves.
text: -- Lola, also with her wrists tied to the bed with silk
text: scarves.
text: -- Then... A WIDER ANGLE... revealing that they are BOTH
dialog: tied... at opposite ends of the same bed!
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE BASEMENT STAIRS
text: Wrapped in each other's arms, they tumble down the stairs...
text: crashing into a workbench, still kissing passionately!
scene_heading: ANGLE - A WALL SOCKET
text: Ned's hand plugs in a cord. RACK FOCUS to a soft lamb's wool
text: BUFFER WHEEL rising into frame, WHIRRING. It dips into an
text: open can of FLOOR WAX... then moves over to Lola's naked
text: body, buffing the surface of her skin to a high gloss. The
text: CAMERA MOVES to her EYES. They're CROSSED in ecstasy.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE BEDROOM FLOOR
text: HEAVY BREATHING. SQUEAKY BED NOISES. The CAMERA MOVES up
text: along the mattress. The bed moves with a jerky rhythm. The
text: CAMERA REVEALS Lola's hand, grasping the sheet tightly. WE
text: MOVE UP to Lola, lying face down against the pillow.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: ...don't... stop...
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE BED
text: Ned jumps up and down on the bed like a trampoline! Lola is
text: on her stomach, bouncing each time Ned's feet hit the bed.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: ...Oh Ned... please... don't...
dialog: stop...
text: He does a complete BACK FLIP!... then keeps bouncing.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: The wind blows. THUNDER and LIGHTNING! RAIN pours down.
text: Ned and Lola, both in yellow rain slickers, ravish each other
text: lustfully on the roof, sliding down the incline of shingles.
text: Oblivious to the peril, they slip right over the edge!
text: They hang from the eaves trough, each clutching it with one
text: hand while still holding one another with their free arms...
text: kissing passionately. The trough breaks! They fall!
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE GROUND BELOW
text: They roll out of the bushes onto the lawn, arms and legs
text: entangled. They fall apart, gasping for breath. A beat.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: That takes care of foreplay.
text: Ned's eyes widen. Lola grins lustily, rolling on top of him.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - MORNING
text: The cell wall is a clutter of PHOTOS: Hitler... Mussolini...
dialog: Charles Manson... and his mother, Mrs. Shady.
text: A man's muscular naked torso rises into frame, his back to
text: us. He's doing pull-ups, his body covered with TATTOOS!
dialog: Quotes on each arm... "Don't have a cow, man!" - Bart
dialog: Simpson... and "I know you are, but what am I?" - Pee Wee
dialog: Herman.
text: On one shoulder, a gravestone with the epitaph "I told you I
dialog: was sick!"
text: In the center of his back... we see a big tattoo of Ned's
text: face labeled "DEAD MEAT."
text: A GUARD opens the cell door.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: It's time, Max.
text: The prisoner turns. He's butt-ugly, hard, nasty looking.
text: It's MAX SHADY... with a HUGE "Double Corona" CIGAR in his
text: mouth. On his chest is a tattoo that reads: THIS SPACE FOR
text: RENT. He walks right toward the CAMERA LENS and the FRAME
text: goes TO BLACK.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK FRAME
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL PRISON - MORNING
text: Two huge iron doors swing open and a mob of milling REPORTERS
text: rushes forward, surrounding Max Shady. He wears a blue suit
text: just like Ned's. The Reporters have no microphones, but shove
text: their empty hands at Max as if they do. They shout questions.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: Mr. Shady! What's the first thing
dialog: you're gonna do now that you're out?
speaker_heading: MAX SHADY
text: Find Ned Ravine... rip his head off
dialog: and use it for a bowling ball!
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Are you a good bowler?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: You ever bowled a three-hundred game?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #4
dialog: How would you handle a seven-ten
dialog: split?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: Say, aren't you wearing one of
dialog: Ravine's "trademark" blue suits?
speaker_heading: MAX SHADY
dialog: Yeah. The bastard gave it to me as a
dialog: gift... to make up for losing my
dialog: case. Now I'm going to wear it to
dialog: his friggin' funeral!!
text: Shady sees someone o.s., waves like a gleeful little kid.
speaker_heading: MAX SHADY
dialog: Ma!
scene_heading: INT. LOLA'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: A ceiling fan rotates slowly... a pair of shorts and a nylon
text: stocking hanging from the blades. The house is a wreck!
text: The CAMERA MOVES DOWN to Ned and Lola, both reclining in a
text: big claw-foot bathtub, facing each other, their arms draped
text: lazily over the sides. Ned's eyes are closed.
text: "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" plays on the stereo in the b.g.
text: Lola's hand reaches for an ICE PICK on the floor, raising it
text: up slowly. Then... CLICK!... ignites the cigarette lighter
text: in the handle, touching the flame to the end of her cigarette.
text: She chips away a big chunk of ice from the block in a silver
text: ice bucket beside her... then sensuously rubs the ice across
text: her breasts. Ned winces at the sight of this.
text: Lola smiles at him, then lets the chunk of ice slide into
text: the water... and pushes it between Ned's legs. He cringes,
text: eyes crossed. The familiar repetition of MUSICAL notes from
text: the stereo DRONES LOUDER... grabbing Ned's attention.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That's Madam Butterfly, isn't it?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Iron Butterfly. In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (listening)
dialog: Oh yeah, sure... now I can hear it.
speaker_heading: LOLA
text: It tells the sad story of a woman
text: who is rejected by her lover after a
dialog: brief, but torrid, affair... so she
text: stalks him with an ice pick and stabs
dialog: him with it more than a thousand
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Really? I never could understand the
dialog: lyrics.
text: He lifts his feet out of the water, dangles them over each
text: side of the tub. He's still wearing one blue sock. Lola raises
text: her feet out of the water. She's still wearing her high heel
text: shoes. They are dripping.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You know, what happened last night
dialog: was very, uh...
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Yes... it was. I should check on my
dialog: homeowners insurance.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: But we can't ever let it happen again.
dialog: Ever!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: What are you saying, Ned? That you're
dialog: rejecting me, your lover, after a
dialog: brief, but torrid, affair?!
text: Ned pulls his feet in, sits up... suddenly feeling vulnerable.
text: He measures his words very, very carefully.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I wouldn't put it exactly like that.
dialog: It's just that... well, I'm married
dialog: to a wonderful woman... who is very,
dialog: very attractive...
dialog: (but adds quickly)
dialog: ...not that you aren't very
dialog: attractive!
text: His voice begins to ECHO and FADE as the CAMERA MOVES IN to
text: a CU of Lola's enraged EYES!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (voice echoing)
dialog: ...you aren't very attractive... you
dialog: aren't very attractive... you aren't
dialog: very attractive...
dialog: And then WE SEE...
text: A CLOSE SHOT of her hand, grasping the ice pick... scratching
text: it along the side of the tub, peeling back the porcelain. A
text: GRATING SCREECH OVERLAPS to...
scene_heading: INT. PET STORE - DAY
text: TIGHT on a SCREECHING TROPICAL BIRD. We PULL BACK to reveal
text: Ned looking around the store. His ripped pants have been
text: temporarily repaired with big pieces of masking tape. A CLERK
text: steps over with two big Parrots on her shoulders.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Don't touch anything. You bond with
dialog: it... you buy it. Whatdya want?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'd like to buy a pet.
text: She eyes him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Yeah. For what purpose?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: It's a gift... for my wife.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Right. They all say that.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: She spends a lot of time alone. I
dialog: thought it might be nice if she had
dialog: something to keep her company.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Yeah. Sure. I bet. How do I know
dialog: you're not the kind of guy who punches
dialog: out parakeets? Or takes some poor
text: defenseless animal, throws it in a
dialog: sack and runs over it with your car
dialog: five or six times.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I would never hurt an animal.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Boy, I would. They're driving me
speaker_heading: CRAZY!
text: Turns and SHOUTS at the noisy birds.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Shuddup!
text: They do. She turns back to Ned.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Okay... tell me more about this broad
dialog: you're married to. I like to match
dialog: people with the pets they deserve.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE SQUAD ROOM - DAY
text: A typical police squad room... smoke-filled, cluttered, busy.
text: Arch sits at a desk doing paperwork, surrounded by the Gang
text: Members... who are also filling out papers. Arch SINGS to
text: himself, munching on nachos from a big pile of chips. The
text: Gang Members harmonize with him.
text: A Gang Member reaches for a nacho chip. Arch grabs for the
text: gun in his shoulder holster.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Uh-uh.
text: The Gang Member drops the chip. Arch pops it in his mouth,
text: continues singing. The Gang Members join in with harmony.
text: Ned enters in the background, carrying a box with airholes
text: in it. He steps over to his desk, looking at the singing
text: Gang Members, then motions like a choir leader, cutting them
text: off neatly.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (doubtful)
dialog: You do all my paperwork?
text: They all hand over their completed paperwork. Ned stares at
text: them for a beat... surprised.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Get out of here.
text: They do. He opens the files... checks out the papers. Arch
text: notices something O.S. and gets up.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: And a damn good job, too. One of 'em
dialog: even did it in Spanish.
text: Arch turns the sound up on a wall-mounted TV monitor.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Hey Ned! Catch this! Friend of yours.
text: On the screen... it's Max Shady speaking to the press.
speaker_heading: MAX (O.S.)
dialog: (on T.V.)
dialog: ...I'd like to reach down Ned Ravine's
dialog: throat and pull out his guts with my
dialog: bare hands!
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Jesus... you hear that?
speaker_heading: NED
text: He's just working through his anger,
text: trying to find a constructive outlet.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Are you kiddin'! He'll do it! The
dialog: guy's a friggin' looney!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Trust me, I spent a lot of time with
dialog: him when I was preparing his case.
dialog: He's really a very sweet, sensitive
dialog: human being.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (on T.V.)
dialog: I'd like to mash his head like a
dialog: ripe melon...
speaker_heading: NED
text: He gets a little melon-dramatic.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (on T.V.)
dialog: ...then cut off all his fingers and
dialog: rip out his liver with my teeth!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: See. Loves to exaggerate.
text: Arch slumps in his chair, really stunned.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Christ, Ned... you're in deep shit.
text: Ned laughs it off. He starts checking through the messages
text: and paperwork on his desk. The PHONE RINGS. He picks it up.
speaker_heading: NED
text: Lieutenant Ravine.
text: Ned's face darkens. He turns away.
scene_heading: INT. LOLA'S HOUSE - TIGHT SHOT - LOLA'S MOUTH - DAY
text: Speaking into the phone... intense, obsessive.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I want to see you, Ned.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE SQUAD ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (whispering harshly)
dialog: I told you not to call me! It's
dialog: finished between us. No. No, I'm not
dialog: sucking anything of yours anymore!
dialog: (voice gets louder)
dialog: It's done! OVER!
text: He SLAMS the receiver down, shattering the phone! Everyone
text: stares at Ned in stunned silence.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (shrugs it off)
dialog: Wrong number.
scene_heading: INT. LOLA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: She's in the bathtub, phone receiver in one hand, still
text: jabbing at the porcelain tub with the ice pick. Water squirts
text: from the holes she's punctured in the side of the tub. She
text: flings the ice pick at the wall. It sticks!
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY
text: Lana is seated on a park bench wearing a trenchcoat, hat and
text: sunglasses. Frank walks up, looks around nervously, pretending
text: not to know Lana. He sits down next to her.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How come we gotta meet here?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: We have to be careful now. We can't
dialog: risk being seen together at the house
dialog: or someone might connect us to the
dialog: murder later on.
text: She hands him a hat.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Here... put this on.
text: She takes her sunglasses off, looks at him. He hesitates,
text: staring at the hat. A dignified looking OLDER GENTLEMAN
text: approaches. Frank quickly slips the hat on his head.
text: The Older Gentleman sits on the bench across from them. He
text: opens a paper sack and begins neatly laying his lunch out
text: next to him. An apple, sandwich, napkin, Mountain Dew.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (whispers to Frank)
dialog: Speak Yiddish.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Red Yiddish.
text: We see the SUB-TITLE "Speak Yiddish." From this point on,
text: all their dialog is in YIDDISH... but it appears in ENGLISH
text: SUB-TITLES across the bottom of the screen.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ich hobe getracht, efsher iz der
dialog: nisht geshtoigen un nisht gefloygen.
dialog: (I been thinkin'...
dialog: maybe this plan is
dialog: too complicated.)
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Zein nisht azoy meshige! Der plan iz
dialog: kosher vi yosher.
dialog: (Quit worrying. The
dialog: plan is perfect.)
scene_heading: INTERCUT - ANGLE ON OLDER GENTLEMAN
text: He tosses crumbs of his sandwich to the pigeons, occasionally
text: glancing up at Frank and Lana. Whenever they speak, however,
text: his eyes look down toward their legs.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - MEDIUM TWO-SHOT ON FRANK AND LANA
text: with SUB-TITLES across the bottom of screen, about knee-level.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yo! Ober mir darfen imvarfen in tsug.
dialog: Un schissen un schtippen in vasser
dialog: arein. Oy a broch! Mir zenen git
dialog: bakackt.
dialog: (Yeah, but we gotta
dialog: get him on the train,
dialog: shoot him... then
text: push him in the river.
dialog: There's a million
dialog: ways we can screw
dialog: up.)
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Vus iz mit idr? Die host a vaichen
dialog: schmoke?
dialog: (You're not going
dialog: soft on me, are you?)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ven hob ich gehat a vaichen schmoke?
dialog: (When have I ever
dialog: gone soft on you?)
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Lest'n Yomkippur.
dialog: (Last Yom Kippur.)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nu shoin, ein mul. Es paseert tsie
dialog: yeyden man.
dialog: (Okay... once! It
dialog: happens to every
dialog: guy.)
text: He looks around nervously.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oy! Mir vellen zein oif groise tsures.
dialog: Me'vet unz chap'n.
dialog: (We're going to be in
dialog: big trouble. They're
dialog: going to catch us.)
speaker_heading: OLDER GENTLEMAN
dialog: There's very little risk involved.
dialog: Statistics reveal that less than
dialog: thirty-two percent of all murderers
dialog: are ever apprehended.
text: They both look at him... stunned. A long beat.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You speak Yiddish?
speaker_heading: OLDER GENTLEMAN
dialog: No. But I can read sub-titles.
text: Frank and Lana are speechless. But across the bottom of the
text: screen we see a SUB-TITLE reflecting their thoughts.
speaker_heading: SUB-TITLE
dialog: Oy vay!
scene_heading: INT. NED'S LAW OFFICE - DAY
text: Ned enters, carrying the box. He sets it down on her desk.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh gee, you shouldn't have...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I didn't. It's for my wife.
text: He goes into his office, starts to change out of his tattered
text: suit. Laura talks to him from the outer office.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: She called. Wondered why you never
dialog: came home last night. I told her you
dialog: were working with a client,
dialog: undercover.
text: She steps into the doorway of his office.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Were you?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: There's lipstick on your collar.
text: She returns to her desk. Disturbed, Ned quickly pulls the
text: shirt collar out, checks it.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No there isn't.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No... there isn't. But you answered
dialog: my question. She's a real looker,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Lola Cain.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I hadn't noticed.
text: She opens the blinds behind her and looks at Ned through the
text: window between their offices.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yeah, I noticed how you hadn't
dialog: noticed.
dialog: (returns to work)
dialog: That's alright. She noticed enough
dialog: for both of us.
text: She picks up a stack of papers from the FAX machine. Ned
text: steps into the doorway, wearing a clean shirt.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I worry about you, Ned. I worry a
dialog: lot.
dialog: (hands him papers)
dialog: Max Shady's been faxing death threats
dialog: to you all morning.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (reading bits)
dialog: ...stick a knife in your...
dialog: (reacts, next)
dialog: ...rip the eyeballs out of your...
dialog: (next)
text: ...drive razor-sharp spikes under
dialog: your...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Did you get to the one...?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...cut it off... shove it in a
dialog: blender.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yeah... that one.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (tosses them aside)
dialog: He's just getting it out of his
dialog: system. Once they say it... they
dialog: never do it. You know... like the
dialog: President.
text: There's a KNOCK at the door. They look up to see an ominous
text: SILHOUETTE of a MAN on the milkglass. Ned starts toward the
text: door. Laura grabs his arm, stopping him.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Wait. It might be him.
text: She opens her purse, pulls out a big COLT .45, holding it
text: out to him. Ned stares at it, taken aback.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Where did you get that?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (as if obvious)
dialog: From my purse.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What are you doing with it?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (still obvious)
dialog: Handing it to you.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Jeez, Laura, what do you use a gun
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You shoot it. A bullet comes out.
dialog: Gosh, Ned, after all your years as a
dialog: cop, I'd think you'd know these
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: NED
text: Laura... put the gun away.
text: He hands the gun back to her... goes to the door... opens
text: it. There's a young DELIVERY MAN holding a bouquet of flowers.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: (checks card)
dialog: Flowers for Ned Rav...
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Hey... aren't you that lawyer guy?
dialog: Man, you are dead meat!
text: Ned grabs the flowers, slams the door. Laura takes the
text: envelope from the flowers... opens it.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Is this another sick joke from Max
dialog: Shady?
text: She looks at the card... her expression turning cold.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What is it...?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (hands it to him)
dialog: Lola Cain.
text: She grabs the flowers... takes them into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'll put these in water for you.
text: Ned opens the envelope. An audio cassette drops into his
text: hand. Written on the label: PLAY ME.
text: From the bathroom, we hear the LOUD SOUND of a TOILET
text: FLUSHING.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S CAR - NIGHT
text: It's raining. Ned pops the cassette into the tape player.
speaker_heading: LOLA'S VOICE
dialog: Ned, darling... I know this seems
dialog: like a strange way to talk with you...
dialog: but since you won't take my calls, I
dialog: have no other choice.
dialog: (then suddenly)
dialog: Watch it! That red car's turning
dialog: left!
text: Ned swerves to avoid a collision, HONKING his horn.
speaker_heading: LOLA'S VOICE
dialog: I love you, Ned. We're meant to be
dialog: together... forever.
dialog: (then suddenly)
dialog: The light's changing! Floor it! Go!
dialog: Go! Go!
text: Ned guns it!... accelerating through a yellow light.
speaker_heading: LOLA'S VOICE
dialog: Nice move!
dialog: (then sincere again)
dialog: Nothing can keep us apart, Ned. Not
dialog: even your wife. I'd hate to have to
dialog: tell her about us, but if necessary...
dialog: I will.
text: We see HEADLIGHTS behind Ned's car.
scene_heading: INT. LOLA'S CAR - NIGHT
text: She is following him, her eyes intense, obsessed. Dizzy sits
text: in the back seat, noodling softly on his saxophone.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ned steps into the living room carrying the box. Lana comes
text: down the stairs, pulling on a bathrobe.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: What happened to you last night?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (guilty as charged)
dialog: Why? What have you heard?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: You could have called. But then, I
dialog: suppose you were tied up.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (reflecting back)
dialog: Only part of the time.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I never know when you're coming home,
dialog: Ned. How can I ever make any plans?
text: In the b.g., through the window, WE SEE Frank drop from the
text: second floor, right onto the seat of a waiting motorcycle.
text: He ZOOMS OFF into the night.
text: Ned steps up behind Lana, slips his arms around her.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I promise I'll spend more time with
dialog: you. I know it's been rough, being
dialog: alone so much. But I'll make it up
dialog: to you. Maybe we should try again,
dialog: you know... to have a baby.
text: She rolls her eyes at this... changes the subject.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: So what's in the box?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh... I brought you a present!
text: He hands it to her. She opens it, looks in. She looks up,
text: struggling unsuccessfully to hide a look of displeasure.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: It's... sorta like a cat.
text: Ned pulls out a PET SKUNK and puts it in Lana's lap. She
text: forces a weak smile.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Not enough like a cat.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: It's a little skunk. I got it at
dialog: Birds-and-Skunks-R-Us.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Lola stands in the pouring rain outside, drenched... staring
text: at Lana and Ned through the window.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: So... what're you going to name him?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: How about... Ned?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (thinks about it)
dialog: Yeah. Got a nice ring to it. I've
dialog: always liked the name Ned.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: No kidding.
text: He puts his arms around them both.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: So whatdya think? You love Ned Junior
dialog: as much as you love me?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: At least.
text: The phone RINGS. Lana stands up, unceremoniously dropping
text: the Skunk into Ned's arms. She goes into...
scene_heading: THE ADJOINING ROOM
dialog: ...to answer the phone.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Hello?... Hello?... Hello?
dialog: (then, whispering)
dialog: Frank? Is that you?
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Lola is in a glass telephone booth with venetian blinds and
text: a ceiling fan. She cracks the blinds open. In the background,
text: through a window, we can see Lana in the house on the phone.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I told you not to call. Frank? FRANK!
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Ned enters the cavernous marble rotunda, turns down a hallway
text: crowded with milling attorneys and defendants. Lola suddenly
text: intercepts him... a newspaper trailing from her high heel
dialog: shoe.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Who's Frank?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Frank? The only Frank I know is an
dialog: auto mechanic... but I sure as hell
dialog: wouldn't recommend the guy. He's
dialog: really slow.
text: He starts to move off, but she stops him, impassioned.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I had to see you, Ned. I need to
dialog: feel your arms around me! I wanna
dialog: suck your toes til the nails pop
dialog: off!
text: Lola's voice ECHOES. BYSTANDERS gather, listening. Ned looks
text: around self-consciously, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I told you, what happened was a big
dialog: mistake. A one night stand. It's
dialog: over. I have a wife...
text: The CROWD presses closer... not missing a thing. A WOMAN
text: snaps a FLASH PICTURE! A MAN turns on his video camera.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: It doesn't matter. She'll know all
dialog: about us soon anyway. I want YOU! In
dialog: my bed... in my arms... in MEEEEEEE!
text: Mortified, Ned spins on his heels and makes a bee-line for
text: the safety of the Men's Room. Lola holds up two tickets.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I got us tickets to see Iron
dialog: Butterfly!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I hate opera!
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM - DAY
text: Ned bursts in, goes to the urinal... not noticing BEN ARUGULA,
text: an older gentleman in a business suit, standing at the urinal
text: next to him. A beat later... Lola enters.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Why are you running from me? Didn't
dialog: it mean ANYTHING to you?... buffing
dialog: my buns with carnuba wax?
dialog: (looks down)
dialog: Come on, Neddy-poo. Doesn't Mr. Pokey
dialog: want to go exploring?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He's busy right now.
text: Arugula glances sideways at Ned, curious and uneasy.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Look, I told you... Mr. Pokey made a
dialog: big mistake! One lousy mistake in
dialog: his whole stinkin' life! So why don't
dialog: you give him a BREAK! Besides... he
dialog: belongs to my wife!
scene_heading: EXT. SHOOTING RANGE - DAY
text: Lana FIRES her gun rapidly... BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!...
text: over her shoulder, behind her back, under her leg.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TARGET
text: A full-body cut-out of a man, wearing one of Ned's trademark
text: gray suits. A HUGE SMOKING HOLE has been blown right through
text: the crotch! Lana smirks, inhales the SMOKE from the gun
text: barrel... and blows it out.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: TILT DOWN from an official government seal that reads "ARS
text: GRATIA ARTIS." JUDGE Ben Arugula... the distinguished looking
text: gentleman from the men's room, sits on the bench. Ned, Laura
text: and a SLIMY DEFENDANT stand at the defense table.
speaker_heading: JUDGE ARUGULA
dialog: I'd like to congratulate Mr. Pokey
dialog: for setting yet another unusual legal
dialog: precedent. This is the first time
dialog: I've ever tried a case in which the
dialog: JURY was found to be insane.
scene_heading: ANGLE - JURY AND BAILIFF
text: The BAILIFF is handing out straitjackets to all the JURORS.
text: The Jury Foreman struggles to get his on and laced up.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: (to another Juror)
dialog: What're you? A thirty-eight long?
text: BACK TO JUDGE ARUGULA
speaker_heading: JUDGE ARUGULA
dialog: The jury will be remanded to the
dialog: Center For Unclear Thinking in Simi
text: Valley. Court's adjourned.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE HALLWAY - DAY
text: The JURY is led from the courtroom in straitjackets and
text: chains. Ned and Laura follow them out.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Your BIRTHDAY! Today? Why didn't you
dialog: tell me?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: It's not important. I just had one
dialog: last year.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, I'm taking you out to celebrate!
text: In the b.g. the Slimy Defendant pulls a gun and forces
text: CITIZENS... including Judge Arugula... up against the wall,
dialog: robbing them!
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh no no! It's no big thing. I'll
dialog: have another one sometime.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I insist. And I want to get you a
dialog: nice present.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You're so sweet. You don't have to.
dialog: You gave me a present last year.
dialog: Those lovely Ginzu knives.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah... aren't they great! They last
dialog: forever. And you can cut right through
dialog: a shoe with 'em!
text: As they walk off, we HOLD ON a CLOSE SHOT of a newspaper.
text: The headline reads: EX-CON STALKS COP/LAWYER NED RAVINE!
text: Below it is a picture of Max Shady, eyes wide with psychotic
text: rage... a huge cigar in his mouth, wearing a garish Hawaiian
dialog: shirt.
text: Hands lower the newspaper... revealing Max himself, with the
text: same cigar, shirt and crazed look on his face.
scene_heading: INT. LE MISS FASHION BOUTIQUE - DAY - MONTAGE
text: Laura models hats... each one becoming more outrageous. She
text: coaxes Ned into joining her. They BOTH try on WOMEN's hats...
text: smiling and laughing... as "Brown Eyed Girl" plays.
text: In one of the mirrors, we SEE Max Shady's reflection... as
text: he also tries on women's hats, watching them, puffing his
dialog: cigar.
scene_heading: INT. LE HULA BOWL RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Laura wears a baseball cap with beer cans attached to each
text: side with long, curved plastic straws. The cap emblem reads
text: "BEER BIMBO." A price tag hangs from it. She is beaming.
text: In the b.g., Hawaiian DANCERS juggle flaming torches as they
text: dance around an ICE SCULPTURE of a Hula Dancer.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: It's nice to be off the streets...
dialog: away from all the pain and misery
dialog: out there.
text: Ned motions casually toward the world "out there"... sticking
text: his thumb into the eye of a WAITER who is bending over to
text: pick up a spoon, setting off a chaotic CHAIN REACTION of
text: small disasters that finally culminates with someone near
text: the dance floor bumping into the Torch Juggler, throwing his
dialog: rhythm off.
text: Distracted, he starts catching the FLAMING ENDS of the
dialog: torches! OW! OH! YI! OUCH! YIPES!
text: He drops them all. The Waiter who bumped into him, politely
text: picks up one of the flaming torches and hands it back to the
text: Torch Juggler. He grabs the flaming end of the torch... and
text: lets out a SCREAM!
text: He lunges toward a voluptuous HULA GIRL ICE SCULPTURE,
text: grabbing the frozen breasts. His burned hands SIZZLE!
text: Ned and Laura don't even notice... gazing only at each other.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: What's he thinking when he looks at
dialog: me with that goofy smile...?
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: Boy, does she look stupid in that
dialog: hat.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: If I told him how I really feel,
dialog: he'd probably fire me. What am I
dialog: saying? He probably doesn't even
dialog: know I exist.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: Laura's incredible. And so smart.
dialog: Smart enough to recognize that Ginzu
dialog: knives are the gift of a lifetime.
dialog: (then, concerned)
dialog: But she never goes out with guys. I
dialog: wonder why?
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I guess I'll just have to wait. But
dialog: he's married. I could wait forever.
dialog: Than again... maybe Lana will get
dialog: hit by a runaway truck. There's always
dialog: a chance that...
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: But who cares if she... Oh, sorry.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: That's alright. I was just rambling.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: Go ahead...
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: No, no, really... you first...
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: I insist... please...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh, uh... I just wanted to remind
dialog: you about...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...the Legal Symposium...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...in Santa Barbara...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...tomorrow...
speaker_heading: NED &amp; LAURA
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: ..."How To Sue Your Loved Ones."
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah. I'm driving up in the morning.
scene_heading: ANGLE - MAX SHADY
text: sits at a corner table wearing a chic beret from the hat
text: store, voraciously devouring a huge Hawaiian Pit Roasted
text: Pig. He wrenches the apple from the Pig's mouth... takes a
dialog: huge bite!
text: BACK TO NED AND LAURA
text: A saxophone begins to wail "Lola's Theme." Ned looks up, his
text: eyes drawn to the lounge. He sees...
text: Lola... striking a sexy pose on a bar stool, eyes locked on
text: Ned. Dizzy walks thru, behind the bar, playing his sax.
text: She grabs a handful of cherries from a glass on the bar,
text: shoves them in her mouth, cheeks bulging, tongue moving
text: furiously. A moment later, she pulls out a long chain of
text: inter-locked cherry stems.
text: Ned reacts, shaken, glancing nervously at Laura. She smiles,
text: unaware. His eyes flash back to Lola.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: He's so cute. He can't even look me
text: in the eye.
text: Ned's reacts intensely to...
speaker_heading: LOLA - NED'S POV
text: She stretches out sensuously on the bar, executing a series
dialog: of humanly impossible erotic gymnastic positions! Then,
text: wrapping her legs around a brass pole, she spins no-handed...
text: until her thighs begin to SMOKE!
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - ON ENTIRE ROOM
text: The eyes of every MALE in the restaurant are riveted on Lola!
scene_heading: CLOSER ON NED AND LAURA
text: The table starts to rise slowly on Ned's side, glasses sliding
text: toward Laura. She reaches out to stop them... noticing Ned's
text: distracted expression.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (touching his arm)
dialog: What is it, Ned? You can tell me.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (sighs, reluctant)
dialog: I'm a man, Laura. And all men feel
dialog: passion at one time or another. Even
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What would you think of a married
dialog: man who gave in to those wild,
dialog: sensual, raging desires?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh... wow... golly...
text: She gulps, eyes wide. The DRUMS pound faster as the Dancers
dialog: in the b.g. pick up the frenetic tempo!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What if, for just one crazy moment,
dialog: he couldn't resist...? He got knocked
dialog: for a loop and lost control?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (smiles, eager)
dialog: Gosh... that might be okay.
text: Breathless, she breaks a sweat, gasping for air. The DRUMS
text: beat LOUDER, FASTER. The b.g. Dancers whip into a frenzy!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What if a tidal wave of lust crashed
text: over him and he was sucked into a
text: vortex of wild, thrashing urges?
text: Both of Laura's ballcap beer cans EXPLODE! Beer SPRAYS out
text: in a huge gush, drenching her! Ned is so preoccupied with
text: his own dilemma, he doesn't even notice. He heaves a sigh...
text: pats her hand... smiles philosophically.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well... it's not your problem. I'll
dialog: work it out.
scene_heading: ANGLE - AN ICE PICK
text: grasped tightly in Lola's hand. She walks toward Ned and
text: Laura, a seething rage in her eyes.
text: As she passes the ice sculpture, she stabs the ice pick into
text: the crystalline Hula Dancer's neck! The head breaks off. She
text: catches it and keeps coming, tossing the head casually in
text: one hand, like a basketball.
text: Lola appears suddenly at Ned and Laura's table. They look
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: (to Laura)
dialog: Like some ice for your drink?
text: She drops the ice Mermaid head. It shatters Laura's glass to
text: bits! Lola turns to Ned with a cold glare.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Does your wife know you're...
dialog: "working" late? I certainly hope so,
dialog: Mr. Ravine.
text: She lights her cigarette with the ice pick lighter, then
text: flips it like a jackknife. It STICKS into Ned's chair, right
text: between his legs.
text: Lola flashes a coldly arrogant smile at Laura... then exits.
scene_heading: EXT. NED'S HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - MORNING
text: Frank opens the hood to Ned's car, holding a screwdriver in
text: one hand... a wrench in the other. He doesn't know where to
dialog: start.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - MAX SHADY'S FEET - MORNING
text: A NEWSBOY tosses a folded newspaper. It lands at Max Shady's
text: feet. Max picks up the paper, opens it. The headline says:
text: SHADY READS NEWSPAPER IN FRONT OF RAVINE RESIDENCE! Max looks
text: around self-consciously, eyes shifting uneasily.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Lana stands by the front door. She calls upstairs to Ned.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Hurry up, darling. You'll be late!
text: Frank slips in, wearing his greasy overalls. He wipes his
text: hands on a rag... giving Lana a sly wink.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: It's all taken care of. When do I
dialog: knock on the door?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Wait until I signal you. When I raise
dialog: the blinds... you knock.
text: She steps over to the blinds and demonstrates. He knocks.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Not now!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh, later... right... okay.
text: She nods, patronizing. Frank exits. Lana picks up the Skunk,
text: cuddling him. Ned comes down wearing his trademark gray suit.
text: Lana kisses him passionately... a final farewell.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Drive carefully, sweetheart. Say bye-
dialog: bye to Little Ned. He loves his
dialog: daddy... don't you Stink Pot?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (pets the skunk)
dialog: See you tonight, Junior.
text: As soon as Ned closes the door, Lana's smile vanishes and
text: she casually tosses the Skunk aside with a LOUD CRASH O.C.
scene_heading: EXT. NED'S HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - MORNING
text: Ned turns the car key. Nothing. He gets out, opens the hood.
text: He stares... dumbfounded.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - MORNING
text: Ned comes in, visibly upset. Lana acts surprised.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: This neighborhood is getting worse
dialog: all the time! Damn kids stole my
dialog: engine!
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Why don't you catch the train to
dialog: Santa Barbara? It leaves in twenty
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'll just fly up.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: No!
text: Ned looks at her strangely. She catches herself.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I mean... you can't. Armed terrorists
dialog: seized the airport this morning. A
dialog: plane crashed into the tower... and
dialog: all the runways are on fire!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah. So?
speaker_heading: LANA
text: And it's fogged in.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Dammit.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: For my peace of mind... take the
dialog: train.
text: Lana goes to the window, starts to raise the blinds.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I can't do it. You know how I feel
dialog: about riding trains.
text: She stops... letting the blinds drop down.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Darling... it's only a short trip.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (reconsiders)
dialog: Yeah... right. A short trip.
text: She starts to raise the blinds again. He picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (he hesitates)
dialog: A short trip to hell in a metal tomb!
text: He slams the receiver down. Lana drops the blinds again...
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Just because both your parents died
dialog: in a train wreck...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: And my brother, Jeff...
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: And your brother, Morty...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: My two sisters...
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Right...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: My best friend, Al... my dog, Woof...
dialog: Grandma Rose... and Uncle Lionel.
dialog: All killed by trains!
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (very convincing)
dialog: Coincidence, Ned. Beside... that's
text: the past. They're gone.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (sighs, resigned)
dialog: Yeah. I guess I can't bring them
text: back by not riding on a train.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: That's right.
text: She starts to raise the blinds again...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: But I just can't get over this stupid
dialog: nagging fear that...
text: She abandons the blinds, leaving them raised part way...
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Fear! What about our baby, Ned? I
dialog: don't want to raise a child in a
dialog: home filled with fear!
text: There's a KNOCK at the door. Lana tugs on the cord and the
text: blinds drop with a CRASH. The KNOCKING stops. She pretends
text: it didn't even happen, racing on.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: But if you can conquer your fear...
dialog: maybe I can conquer my fear of having
text: a baby with a father who's fearful.
dialog: (goes for broke)
dialog: Ned... don't let a train kill our
dialog: child before it's even conceived!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (heaves a sigh)
dialog: I guess you're right.
text: She grabs the cord, then hesitates...
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You're sure now...?
text: A beat. He nods. She quickly pulls the blinds up.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: But we'll never make it to the
text: station. By the time a cab gets
dialog: here...
text: A LOUD KNOCK at the front door. Lana opens it. It's Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I was in the neighborhood. Thought
dialog: I'd stop by and pick up my tools.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Frank will drive you. Won't you Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sure, I'll take you to the train
dialog: station.
text: They all freeze. Lana glares at Frank, who is completely
text: unaware of his faux pas... while Ned tries to figure out why
dialog: that response didn't sound right.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S VAN - DAY
text: They climb into the van. Ned nervously checks his watch.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Twelve minutes. We'll never make it.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK'S VAN - DAY
text: The CAMERA BOOMS DOWN LOW to reveal Max Shady under the van,
text: hanging on like a leech, his back only inches from the road.
text: The van drives off.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S VAN - MINUTES LATER
text: At an intersection... they see a "DETOUR" sign. Frank and
text: Lana exchange concerned looks. Frank turns the corner. The
text: van starts vibrating violently, tossing them around.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: We're not going to make it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We'll make it!
text: He shifts gears, guns the engine. They rocket ahead, BOUNCING
text: WILDLY, their heads THUMPING the car roof! The van SPLASHES
text: through deep water, a huge fantail spraying out on both sides.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - DAY
text: The train is pulling in. The CAMERA PANS to Frank's muddy
text: van as it drives up nearby. Frank waits in the van as Ned
text: and Lana get out and walk toward the train.
text: They pass a feeble OLD WOMAN struggling to drag a HUGE STEAMER
text: TRUNK along the platform... inches at a time. A REDCAP passes
text: her also, carrying a small overnight case for an attractive,
text: elegantly attired SOCIALITE. Everyone ignores the Old Woman.
text: Ned looks nervously at the train, already pale.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Okay... now what're you going to do
dialog: if you feel queasy going through the
dialog: tunnel?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'll stand in the vestibule between
dialog: the cars.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: That's right. When you get queasy...
text: go stand in the vestibule between
dialog: the cars.
text: She kisses his cheek. He reluctantly boards the train. Her
text: smile vanishes.
text: She hurries back to the next car, nods at Frank, boards the
text: train. Frank peels off his coveralls, follows her on.
scene_heading: ANGLE - COACH PLATFORM
text: Laura's Husband steps from the train, holding the deflated
text: Ninja Turtle float ring. He looks around, then walks toward
text: the cab stand. The CAMERA MOVES with him, then HOLDS ON...
scene_heading: MAN READING NEWSPAPER - TIGHT SHOT
text: The headline says: SHADY VOWS BLENDER VENGEANCE ON RAVINE!
text: Under the headline is a picture of Max Shady... muddy, bloody,
text: greasy, clothes ripped, cigar shredded... looking off.
text: The paper lowers, revealing Max... a battered mess, looking
text: off. He picks up a small violin case and quickly moves toward
text: the train as it starts to pull out.
text: We now SEE that the seat of Max's pants has been ripped out,
text: his naked buttocks scratched and scraped raw by the road.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Ned stares out the window... apprehensive, nervous.
text: Frank and Lana enter at the opposite end of the coach. They
text: spot Ned, quickly ducking into a seat where they can observe
text: him yet remain hidden from view behind the tall seatbacks.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST COACH CAR - DAY
text: Max walks through the car looking for Ned. He pauses, puffing
text: on his big cigar. A WOMAN PASSENGER looks up and is shocked
text: to see Max's scraped bare butt hanging out only inches away.
speaker_heading: WOMAN PASSENGER
dialog: OH! My dear gracious!
text: Max swivels around to look at her... turning his bare behind
text: toward an IRRITABLE MAN across the aisle.
speaker_heading: IRRITABLE MAN
dialog: SIR! Would you PLEASE extinguish
dialog: that foul smelling cigar?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (turning slowly)
dialog: You want me to put out my CIGAR? YOU
dialog: want me to put out my cigar? You
dialog: want ME to put out my CIGAR?
speaker_heading: IRRITABLE MAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Certainly.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Max enters through the vestibule, without his cigar, stopping
text: in his tracks when he sees Ned. He smiles to himself, then
text: ducks back into the lavatory.
scene_heading: INT. LAVATORY - DAY
text: Max looks at himself in the mirror. He's a disaster. He opens
text: the violin case, pulling out his trademark "Ned Ravine" gray
text: suit on a hangar. It's not even wrinkled.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Ned looks pale... sweating... reacting tensely to every lurch
text: and bump the train makes. The feeble Old Woman strains to
text: pull her huge steamer trunk down the aisle, inch by inch,
text: toward Ned.
text: ANGLE ON FRANK AND LANA
text: Lana peers over the seat, watching Ned with a cruel smile.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: It's already getting to him. He'll
dialog: be out of that seat and into the
dialog: vestibule within ten minutes... I
dialog: guarantee it.
scene_heading: INT. LAVATORY - DAY
text: Max is cleaned up, dressed in the suit. He straightens his
text: tie, slicks his greasy hair back, sticks a big cigar in his
text: mouth and grins at himself in the mirror.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You talkin' to me? You talkin' to
dialog: ME? You... talkin'... to... ME?
text: He reaches into the violin case, pulls out a complex
text: assortment of metal parts, assembling them swiftly. CLICK...
text: SNAP... CLUNK! It's an incredibly nasty looking high-tech,
text: automatic weapon with gigantic cartridge clip.
text: He screws on a long silencer and points the gun at the
text: ceiling. POOF!... a muffled gunshot! Debris fall around him.
text: He looks up. He has blown a HOLE through the roof of the
dialog: coach.
text: He adjusts the Silencer Volume Control, which has a scale
text: from 1 thru 11. He turns it all the way down to "0"... DEAD
text: SILENT. He pulls the trigger. The gun RECOILS, but there is
text: absolutely NO SOUND! He has blown another HOLE in the ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Ned looks across the aisle to see a GROSS SLOB pulling all
text: kinds of strange food items from a paper bag, making a big,
text: sloppy, disgusting SANDWICH that squirts and drips all over.
text: Ned turns away... really queasy now.
scene_heading: INT. LAVATORY - DAY
text: Max reaches into the case, pulls out A BLENDER! He plugs it
text: into the outlet and REVS it a couple times, grinning wickedly.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Max steps out of the lavatory and sees the CONDUCTOR coming
text: his way collecting tickets. He quickly spins around, slides
text: the door open and steps into the vestibule between cars.
text: The Conductor can't get past the Old Woman, so he climbs
text: over the top of her trunk, with no thought of helping her.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE - DAY
text: Max looks out the side window, trying to conceal the weapon
text: in front of him. The Conductor enters, sees him.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Ticket?
text: Without turning, Max holds the ticket up over his shoulder.
text: The Conductor takes it, punches it, notices the gun barrel.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Sorry pal... automatic weapons are
dialog: only allowed in the club car after
dialog: nine p.m.
text: Max turns, raising the gun with a nasty GROWL. The Conductor
text: casually snaps a baggage tag to the barrel, taking the gun.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: I'll check it with baggage. You can
dialog: claim it at the depot in Santa
dialog: Barbara.
text: The Conductor drops the weapon into a big mesh bag... along
text: with a dozen other guns he's collected. He exits. Max whirls
text: around facing the window, eyes filled with rage. Now what?
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: A gun barrel slowly protrudes between the seats in front of
text: Frank and Lana. Their eyes widen. Suddenly, a stream of water
text: hits Frank in the face! He sputters. A LITTLE KID named JEFF
text: scrambles into the aisle.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hi! I'm Jeff and I'm eight years
dialog: old. Didja know if ya put a penny on
dialog: the track it'll make the train crash?
dialog: No kiddin'! You ever been in a wreck?
dialog: My uncle has. Lotsa times. It's really
dialog: neat. Everybody gets creamed! All
text: bloody guts... heads ripped off and
dialog: stuff... Hey... wanna hear my song
dialog: "Great Green Gobs of Greasy Grimy
dialog: Gopher Guts"?
text: Lana turns to Frank... inspired. She leans toward Jeff.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You want to earn a couple bucks,
dialog: kid?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON NED
text: Jeff bounces into the seat across from Ned.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hi! I'm Jeff and I'm eight years
dialog: old. Didja know if ya put a penny on
dialog: the track it'll make the train crash?
text: ANGLE ON FRANK AND LANA
text: Lana peers over the seat at Ned. She smiles.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: He's losing it. You better get up to
dialog: the next car. Remember, give me the
dialog: high sign as soon as you see the
dialog: river. It'll be two minutes and nine
dialog: seconds past the tunnel. I'll take
dialog: care of the rest. Anything goes
dialog: wrong... just make sure you back me
dialog: up.
dialog: (grabs his collar)
dialog: And don't let him see you.
text: Frank gets up, moves down the aisle slowly, eyes on Ned. He
text: can't squeeze past the Old Woman, who is still struggling to
text: pull her huge trunk down aisle. So... he climbs right over
text: the top of it... oblivious to her.
text: Frank stares at Ned warily as he gets closer. Suddenly, Jeff
text: squirts a stream of water in Ned's eyes. Frank sees his
text: chance, rushing past Ned toward the vestibule.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE - DAY
text: Frank races through the vestibule behind Max's back. By the
text: time Max turns to see who's there... Frank is gone.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Ned wipes the water from his eyes, blinking. He grabs the
text: squirt gun away from Jeff, holding it up angrily.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: This... is not a toy!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yes it is.
text: A beat. Ned realizes he's right. Acting tough, he pulls the
text: plug and drains the water out of the gun, then tosses it
text: back to Jeff.
text: Without missing a beat, Jeff drops the empty water magazine
text: from the grip and jams a full one in... just like loading a
text: cartridge clip. He smirks, ready for action.
text: In the aisle next to them, the Old Woman now pulls her trunk
text: back toward the vestibule. Jeff points the squirt gun at
text: her. Suddenly, she whips around and SQUIRTS HIM in the face
text: with her own squirt gun! He sputters!
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE - DAY
text: Max stares out the window, still seething. Behind him, the
text: Old Woman moves into the vestibule, inch by inch, trying to
text: drag her trunk into the first coach car.
text: Max turns, sees her struggling and goes to her aid.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Here... let me help you with that.
text: He pushes the trunk into the first coach car, then very
text: politely holds the door open for her. She smiles sweetly at
text: him as she shuffles through.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: What a nice young man. You are so
dialog: polite.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I try to be.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Jeff is SINGING to Ned... to the tune of "The Old Gray Mare."
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Great green gobs of greasy, grimy
dialog: gopher guts... mutilated monkey
dialog: meat... chopped up dirty birdie's
text: feet... one pint jar of all-purpose
text: porpoise pus... cooked in a Mulligan
dialog: stew.
text: Ned turns queasy. The train lurches. He stiffens.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST COACH CAR - DAY
text: The Old Woman has unpacked her huge trunk. She has hung up
text: clothes... set out a vase with flowers... hung up a big framed
text: painting... and turned on a floor lamp. She pulls out a set
text: of dumbbells, pumps them a couple times... and drops them on
text: the floor with a loud CLUNK!
text: Frank watches her from his seat across the aisle with a blank
text: expression... only his eyes moving.
text: The Conductor punches the Old Woman's ticket, then holds out
text: his hand, waiting. She pulls out a Smith &amp; Wesson .44
text: Magnum... drops it in his bag. He waits. She pulls out an
dialog: Uzi.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TRACKS AHEAD - MOVING SHOT - DAY
text: Up ahead, we see a tunnel approaching.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (still singing)
text: French fried eyeballs and ugly scabs
dialog: you wanna pick... stuff to make your
dialog: mother sick... dog poop on a stick...
text: puke and snot all mixed together in
dialog: a pot...
text: Ned is looking very pale and queasy. Suddenly, Jeff jumps
text: up... presses his face against the window.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Oh boy! Here comes the tunnel!
text: Ned can't take it anymore. He gets up, pale and sweating.
scene_heading: EXT. TRACKS AHEAD - MOVING SHOT - DAY
dialog: ...racing toward the tunnel!
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Lana sees Ned stumble shakily into the aisle, moving toward
text: the vestibule.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Way to go, Ned. Right on time.
text: The train enters the TUNNEL. Everything goes PITCH BLACK. A
text: few beats, then... LIGHT fills the car again as they emerge
text: from the tunnel. Lana looks. Ned is gone! She heads down the
dialog: aisle.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST COACH CAR - DAY
text: The Conductor is still tagging weapons as the Old Woman comes
text: up with a Ruger Mini 14 machine gun, a Mauser C96 automatic
text: handgun, a sawed-off double-barreled .12 gauge shotgun...
text: and an old wooden slingshot.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Lana looks through the small window into the vestibule and
text: catches a glimpse of a gray suit. She ducks back, leaning
text: against the lavatory door.
scene_heading: INT. LAVATORY - THE MIRROR - DAY
text: Ned's dripping face rises up from the sink into view. He
text: splashes more water on, trying to overcome his queasiness.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Lana reaches into her purse, pulls out a gun. She looks
text: through the vestibule windows into the first coach car, her
text: eyes searching for Frank.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST COACH CAR - LANA'S POV - DAY
text: Frank pokes his head out into the aisle, looking toward Lana.
text: He waves at her.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Lana ducks back, pressing herself against the lavatory door...
text: gripping the gun, tense.
scene_heading: INT. LAVATORY - DAY
text: Ned starts to open the door, then stops. He notices the violin
text: case. Opens it. A couple of bullets roll around inside. Then,
text: he sees the blender... puzzled.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Lana leans forward, looking through the vestibule windows,
text: watching desperately for Frank's signal.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST COACH CAR - DAY
text: Frank looks out the window and sees...
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER - FRANK'S POV
text: It looms ahead.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Lana sees Frank's frantic signal. She raises the gun, pulls
text: the hammer back and steps quickly into...
scene_heading: INT. THE VESTIBULE - DAY
text: Max hears someone enter. He stiffens...
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Ned steps out of the lavatory.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE - DAY
text: Lana FIRES!... blowing a hole right through Max and the window
text: behind him! She keeps firing! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!
dialog: BLAM! More bullets than the gun could ever possibly hold!
scene_heading: INT. SECOND COACH CAR - DAY
text: Ned hears the GUNSHOTS and whirls around, looking into the
text: vestibule through the glass window, just as...
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBLE - DAY
text: ...Max turns to face Lana, filled with bloody bullet holes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You shootin' at me?
text: Shocked to see it's Max, Lana empties the rest of the bullets
text: into him... BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Max is SLAMMED back into
text: the vestibule door by the impact!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah... you're definitely shootin'
dialog: at me.
text: She fires one last shot... BLAM!!!
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN ON BRIDGE - DAY
text: Max flies out the door, executing a perfect "full gainer
text: with a triple twist and a half-tuck"... a flawless Olympic
text: style dive... ending with a dead body "belly flop" into the
dialog: water!
scene_heading: INT. FIRST COACH CAR - DAY
text: Frank sees Max hit the river and lets out a loud "WHOOP!"
text: The Old Woman shoots him a nasty look. He stifles himself.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE - DAY
text: Ned slides the vestibule door open... steps toward Lana. In
text: a daze, she raises the gun, points it at him, pulling the
text: trigger... CLICK... CLICK... CLICK. He takes the gun from
text: her gently.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST COACH CAR - DAY
text: Frank jumps up, rushing forward. He skids to a stop... seeing
text: Ned through the glass! Shocked, he ducks back.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE - DAY
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: In this crazy world, there's not a
dialog: whole lot a guy can count on. But
dialog: when the chips are down, I can always
dialog: count on you.
text: He takes her hand gently and kisses it...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You risked your life to save mine. A
dialog: guy can't ask any more from a woman
dialog: than that.
text: ... then, CLICK! He snaps a handcuff on her wrist!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: But I saw you shoot him, Lana. In
dialog: cold blood. I gotta arrest you for
dialog: murder.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Ned... you wouldn't...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Sorry. I'm a cop. I have a job to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: But... you said it yourself. I saved
dialog: your life.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Don't worry, baby. I know a good
dialog: lawyer.
scene_heading: SPINNING NEWSPAPER
text: whirls at us, snapping to a stop in someone's hands... upside
text: down. The hands turn it rightside up. The headline reads:
text: "COP ARRESTS WIFE FOR MURDER!... WILL DEFEND HER IN COURT!"
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: The paper lowers, revealing Lola Cain with a gratified smile.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY JAIL - DAY
text: Ned and Laura move up the steps, surrounded by REPORTERS and
text: MEDIA PEOPLE. Questions are being fired from all sides.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: What kind of gun did she use?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That's a question for the arresting
dialog: officer.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Aren't you the arresting officer?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You'll have to ask her attorney.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: But aren't you her attorney?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Only her husband can answer that.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: What will Mrs. Ravine be wearing at
dialog: the trial?
text: Ned stops at the top of the stairs, turning to the Reporters.
speaker_heading: NED
text: A lovely powder blue dress with a
text: cinch waist, full bodice and a
text: delicately pleated skirt.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: Does it have a matching jacket?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No comment.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: Is it cotton or rayon?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (perturbed)
dialog: I said... NO COMMENT!
text: Ned and Laura turn and enter the building.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Did she eat any of the victim's body
dialog: parts?
scene_heading: INT. CITY JAIL BUILDING - ENTRY CORRIDOR - DAY
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Jeez... they're really throwing some
dialog: tough questions out there today.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: They're just doing their job.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah... well I call it a "high-tech
text: lynching of an uppity white
dialog: housewife."
scene_heading: INT. CAVERNOUS ROOM - DAY
text: It's huge, dark and shadowy. More than a dozen heavily armed
text: POLICE OFFICERS stand guard all around the perimeter. In the
text: center is a cell constructed of iron bars, like an animal
text: cage. Ned and Laura enter. Arch steps over.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (seeing the cage)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: Only cell available. They had that
dialog: serial killer locked up here... you
dialog: know, the one who talks his victims
text: to death then eats them... Hannibal
dialog: the Lecturer. But they let him out
dialog: for a three week tour to publicize
dialog: his new book.
text: Arch hands him a hardbound book.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (reading the cover)
dialog: "To Serve Man."
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: It's a cookbook.
text: Ned flips it over.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE BOOK - NED'S POV
text: On the back is a picture of HANNIBAL THE LECTURER... wearing
text: a baseball catcher's mask with barbed wire over the mouth.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: And look, look... he autographed it.
text: Arch pulls the front cover of the book open, pointing.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (reads it)
dialog: To Arch... Love to have you for dinner
dialog: sometime... Hannibal.
dialog: (hands it back)
dialog: Very nice.
text: Arch points toward the cage.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: They're waiting for ya. They didn't
dialog: want to start without her attorney
dialog: being present.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LANA - CANTED ANGLE
text: There's a BIG MOTH on her mouth. The CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY.
text: A beat... she spits the moth off, irritated.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: PFFFTT! Damn moths! This place could
dialog: use a good exterminator.
text: Three POLICE INVESTIGATORS sit opposite Lana at a long table.
text: Moths flutter everywhere.
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR # 2
dialog: (to Police Guard)
dialog: Let's get the SWAT Team in here.
text: Ned, Laura and Arch enter the cage as the Guard exits.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Can't you get me out of this cage,
dialog: Ned? I'm goin' buggy in here.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Judge said no bail. Don't worry.
dialog: Just tell the truth, you'll be fine.
text: He turns to the Investigators.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Who's gonna handle the interrogation?
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR 1
dialog: It's your collar... your bust...
dialog: your call... your show... your play...
dialog: your move... your wife...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Okay, okay!... I'll handle it.
text: Laura sits at the far end of the table and opens her notebook.
text: Lana pulls out her mirrored compact, starts to apply lipstick.
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR 2
dialog: Sorry Mrs. Ravine... there's no makeup
dialog: allowed in this building.
text: He nods toward a warning sign: a circle around a LIPSTICK
text: with a diagonal line thru it. She responds, cool, confident.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: What're you gonna do... arrest me
dialog: for primping?
text: In the b.g., members of the SWAT Team desperately swat at
text: the fluttering moths.
text: Ned spins his chair around, plants one foot on it, leans on
text: his knee, looking hard at Lana.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Don't give us a tough time. Just
dialog: spill it! What were you doing on
dialog: that train?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Well...
text: Ned raises his hand, sits down, leans close, changing his
dialog: tone.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (confidential)
dialog: As your attorney, I must advise you...
dialog: you don't have to answer that
dialog: question.
text: Ned stands, paces, agitated... plants his foot on the chair
text: again. He leans toward her... getting tough again.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Alright, quit playing games with us!
dialog: (fires questions)
dialog: Who put ya up to it? Where'd you get
dialog: the gun? What's your link with the
dialog: CIA?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I...
text: Ned jumps in, motioning with his hands for this to stop.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Whoa whoa whoa whoa! That's it! I
dialog: will not tolerate this unwarranted
dialog: badgering of my client. She'll have
dialog: her day in court, gentlemen.
text: He slams his briefcase shut and turns to Lana, sincere.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I want to thank you, Mrs. Ravine,
dialog: for being so cooperative with these
dialog: gentlemen.
dialog: (turns to Laura)
dialog: Did you get all that down, Laura.
dialog: Every word she said?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yep. Both of 'em.
scene_heading: EXT. NED'S HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY
text: The CAMERA MOVES IN to a wire mesh cage at the very back of
text: the yard. A small sign on it says: NED JUNIOR. The door is
dialog: open. The cage is... empty!
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - DAY
text: Lola rides the roller coaster with Lana's pet Skunk. She
text: LAUGHS maniacally as they plunge down a steep grade!
text: The Skunk stands stiffly on her lap, his paws planted on the
text: guard rail, eyes bulging out!... his fur standing straight
dialog: up!
scene_heading: INT. NED'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ned hesitates at the front door. It's open a crack. He moves
text: inside cautiously. There is a strange BUBBLING SOUND coming
text: from the kitchen. He moves toward it... apprehensive.
text: He enters the kitchen and SEES... a huge bubbling pot on the
text: stove, foam spilling over from under the lid! His mind reels!
text: He charges out the back door.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF HOUSE - DAY
text: Ned bursts out the back door... CAMERA TRACKING with his
text: feet as he dashes across the huge back yard... MUSIC POUNDING!
text: He SEES the EMPTY animal cage! The door is open. A fuzzy
text: blanket hangs halfway out.
text: Shocked, Ned spins around... running back toward the house...
text: CAMERA TRACKING HIS FEET, struggling to keep up. The CAMERA
text: SLAMS into a tree!... CRACKING the LENS!
scene_heading: INT. NED'S HOUSE - THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Ned bursts in... SEES the bubbling pot!... a huge butcher
text: knife on the counter!... and LOLA, arms outstretched to greet
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: NO!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: NED
speaker_heading: NOOOOO!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: NED
text: NOOOOOOOooooooo!!!
text: She whips the cover off the bubbling pot.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: YES! Cappelini pomodoro!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What?
text: She lifts up pasta with a spaghetti spoon... tossing a sprig
text: of basil into the pot from the basil-leaf crown she wears.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Pasta with tomato sauce. Whatsa matta?
dialog: You don't like Italian?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Where's Ned Junior? WHERE IS HE?!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I thought he might like to get out,
dialog: so I took him to the amusement park.
text: He grabs Lola's arm and drags her toward the front door.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You can't just break into my house,
dialog: cook my food... borrow my skunk!
dialog: (opens the door)
dialog: Leave me alone. Stay out of my face!
dialog: Out of my neighborhood! Out of my
speaker_heading: LIFE!
text: She steps outside... turns to him.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: You haven't seen the last of me,
dialog: Ned.
text: He SLAMS the door in her face... hesitates a beat, curious...
text: then pulls the door open. Lola's still there.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I told you.
text: Ned SLAMS the door again.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE STEPS - DAY
text: It's a media circus! Vendors sell "TRIAL BALLOON" balloons.
text: PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS cluster around a squad of CHEERLEADERS
text: wearing sweaters emblazoned with "FREE LANA OR BUST!" across
text: their chests.
text: They perform a rousing CHEER in front of a sign on the
text: building that reads... "LE COURTHOUSE".
speaker_heading: CHEERLEADERS
dialog: (with choreography)
dialog: Lana, Lana, she's the one Shot a bad
dialog: guy with a gun Blew that sucker off
dialog: a train Some guys are a friggin'
dialog: pain YaaaaaAAAAAAAAY LANA!
text: A BBC COMMENTATOR speaks to a TV camera.
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: Once again, Americans are making a
text: mockery of their courts, turning a
dialog: murder trial into a media circus!
dialog: How can justice ever prevail when it
dialog: is ridiculed and reviled in such a
dialog: heinously revolting manner? This is
dialog: Clement Von Franckenstein returning
dialog: you to our BBC studios in London for
dialog: the latest photographs of Lady Di
text: naked in the bath.
text: Ned and Laura push their way through the crush of REPORTERS.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Spectators pour through several turnstiles, shoving in their
text: tokens. TV cameras have been set up to broadcast the trial.
text: A UNIFORMED THEATER USHER escorts JURY MEMBERS in, checks
text: their tickets, hands them programs and directs them to their
dialog: seats.
text: Ned and Laura sit at the defense table, next to Lana... who
text: is oblivious to everything, deeply engrossed in a pocket
text: video game. Ned looks toward the gallery and does a disturbed
dialog: take.
text: It's Lola!... sitting in the back row wearing a tailored
text: suit, large brimmed hat with dark veil... and a SKUNK SKIN
text: STOLE draped around her shoulders!
text: Dizzy sits next to her, playing softly on a MUTED SAX.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BROADCAST BOOTH
text: A SPORTSCASTER delivers play-by-play of the action.
speaker_heading: SPORTSCASTER
dialog: What a great day for a trial! We
dialog: have lots of incandescent lighting,
dialog: seventy-two degrees inside... and no
dialog: wind!
scene_heading: ANGLE - COURTROOM
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Oy vay! Oy vay! Superior Court of
dialog: Los Angeles is now in session. And
text: here he is... direct from a triumphant
dialog: one-week engagement in Las Vegas
dialog: Circuit Court... the honorable...
dialog: the venerable... the totally
dialog: irrepressible... Judge Harlan Skan-
dialog: kyyyyyyy!
text: Flashing "APPLAUSE" signs and flashing "ALL RISE" audience
text: prompters. Everyone gives the Judge a standing ovation.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BROADCAST BOOTH
speaker_heading: SPORTSCASTER
dialog: Wow... has this defense team been
dialog: HOT! Thirty-seven straight victories
dialog: this year! Let's go down for the
dialog: coin toss.
scene_heading: ANGLE - COURTROOM
text: The Bailiff flips a coin, motions to the PROSECUTOR.
speaker_heading: SPORTSCASTER (V.O.)
text: The Prosecution wins the flip of the
text: coin and elects to kick things off.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: The PROSECUTOR delivers her impassioned opening statement.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: ...the prosecution will prove that
dialog: this repulsive and degenerate woman
dialog: coldly murdered a decent, law-abiding
dialog: citizen...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (jumps up)
dialog: Objection! Move to strike. Hearsay,
dialog: irrelevant, stupid, idiotic, caca-
dialog: doody poo-poo...
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: Sustained.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: Laura is on the stand. Ned hands her a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: And can you tell us what this is?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yes. It's a death threat that Max
dialog: Shady FAXED to you on the day he was
dialog: released from prison.
text: Ned snatches it back, pacing, folding it into a paper
dialog: airplane.
speaker_heading: NED
text: A FAX in which he threatened to puree
dialog: certain parts of my anatomy in a
dialog: blender! I'd like to submit this
dialog: into evidence.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: (jumps up)
dialog: Objection! Who cares about the FAX
dialog: in this case?
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: I'll allow it.
text: Ned sails the paper plane toward the COURT CLERK, who is at
text: an evidence table already piled high with tagged guns,
text: appliances, knickknacks, auto parts and other junk.
text: The plane sails toward an open window. The Clerk grabs it...
dialog: going OUT the window with the plane!
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE LAWN - DAY
text: The Cheerleaders lead the SPECTATORS in an exuberant CHEER.
speaker_heading: CHEERLEADERS
dialog: U-G-L-Y! You ain't got no alibi!
dialog: You're ugly! Yeah, you're ugly! M-A-
dialog: M-A! How you think you got that way?
dialog: Your Mama! Yeah, your Mama!
text: In the b.g., the Court Clerk plummets to the ground, then
text: staggers to his feet, and stumbles... dazed... back toward
dialog: the courthouse.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: One of the JURORS watches a "DICK VAN DYKE" re-run on a small
text: portable TV monitors, oblivious to the testimony. In the
text: b.g., the battered Clerk stumbles back in with the paper
text: plane. The Conductor is on the stand. Ned holds up a BLENDER.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: And is this the blender you found in
dialog: the lavatory of the train?
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Yes... it is.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'd like this marked as evidence.
text: The Bailiff reaches out, Ned waves him off... instead, tossing
text: the blender over several heads to the Court Clerk... who
text: runs to catch it, CRASHING into the wall. The blender falls,
speaker_heading: SHATTERS.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BROADCAST BOOTH
speaker_heading: SPORTSCASTER
dialog: Awwwww... a bad call by Ravine. Let's
dialog: check out the re-play.
text: On the RE-PLAY SCREEN we see the action repeated in SLOW
text: MOTION as the Sportscaster draws lines, circles, x's and
text: squiggles.
speaker_heading: SPORTSCASTER
dialog: Look at THAT! The Bailiff is wide
text: open! But instead of handing it off,
dialog: Ravine goes for the long bomb. Ohhhh!
dialog: The pass is wide! A real wobbler!
text: There's no way! He scrambles, but he
dialog: just can't get his hands on it...
dialog: And RIGHT THERE!...
dialog: (freezes the frame)
dialog: ...WHAM! That blender is gone!
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: At the defense table, Laura glances over at Lana, who is
text: casually browsing through a copy of GALS &amp; GUNS magazine.
text: Laura reacts, then, trying to be as diplomatic as possible...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Ned... did you ever consider that
dialog: maybe you don't know women as well
dialog: as you think you do?
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR (O.S.)
dialog: Now would you tell the court, in
dialog: your own words, what you said to Mr.
dialog: Ravine?
text: They both look toward the witness stand. Ned is shaken.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I'm really worried about this guy.
dialog: He could blow our whole case right
text: out of the water.
scene_heading: ANGLE - WITNESS STAND - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jeff, the little boy from the train is on the witness stand.
text: The Prosecutor stands by, listening as...
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (singing)
text: Great green gobs of greasy grimy
dialog: gopher guts... mutilated monkey
dialog: meat... itsy-bitsy birdie feet...
text: Great green gobs of greasy grimy
dialog: gopher guts... and me without a spoon!
text: The JURORS turn pale and reach for the air sickness bags in
text: front of them. The Courtroom erupts. The Judge pounds his
text: gavel LOUDLY.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (pointing at Lana)
dialog: That lady paid me two bucks to sing
dialog: it to him...!
text: But NO ONE hears this in all the confusion. The Judge, also
text: looking ill now, bangs his gavel again.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: Recess! Ten minutes!
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - DAY
text: The Judge, Jury, Attorneys and Spectators are all playing on
text: the swings, teeter-totters, monkey bars... having a blast!
text: Ned and the Prosecutor play "dodge-ball." Laura cheers Ned
text: on. The Prosecutor rockets the ball at Ned... and just misses!
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Gotcha, dork face! Gotcha, gotcha!
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No you didn't!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No way! Uh-uh! Missed by a mile!
text: The BAILIFF steps into CLOSE UP, blowing a whistle loudly!
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Recess is over! Let's go... move it,
dialog: move it, move it!
scene_heading: INT. BROADCAST BOOTH - LATER
text: Marching band MUSIC fades off-screen.
speaker_heading: SPORTSCASTER
dialog: There they go... the UCLA Marching
dialog: Band! And now... Holy Toledo!... it
text: looks like the victim's mother...
dialog: Helen Shady... is gonna take the
dialog: stand! This will be the first
text: defensive play of the afternoon.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - SAME TIME
text: Mrs. Shady is on the stand. Ned paces.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Mrs. Shady... would you tell us about
dialog: your son, Max. Was he a... a good
dialog: boy?
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: He was the best. And that's not just
dialog: a mother talking. You can ask anybody.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: But he got into trouble once in
dialog: awhile... like all kids do?
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: Well, you know, pranks. Little jokes
dialog: and things. But he was so cute. I
dialog: have pictures!
text: She reaches down into her huge purse, pulling out a photo
text: album. She opens it, showing Ned.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
text: Here. This is when he set the cat on
dialog: fire...
dialog: (then, assuring him)
dialog: Oh... but the cat deserved it.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (looks, points)
dialog: And what, uh... what are these...?
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: Marshmallows. He just loved to toast
text: marshmallows over a roaring cat.
text: Burned on the outside... all soft in
dialog: the middle.
dialog: (turns page)
dialog: And right here... this was taken on
dialog: the day he left the priesthood to
dialog: join the Green Berets.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE JURY
text: They rise slowly out of their seats, craning their necks,
text: trying to see the photos.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Ned is now seated next to Mrs. Shady in the witness box,
text: looking at the photo album with her. Judge Skanky peers over
text: the side of the bench.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: This is cute.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: (laughs, delighted)
dialog: Oh yes! That was during his Ku Klux
dialog: Klan phase. He would take the sheets
dialog: right off my bed... cut those little
dialog: holes in them. What a stitch he was!
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE SPECTATORS
text: are now on their feet, all straining to catch a glimpse of
text: the photos in the album.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: And is this Max... with all the
dialog: tools... fixing his bike?
text: She snatches the photo out of the album.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: Why that shouldn't even be in there!
dialog: It's his rotten little half-brother.
dialog: (rips up photo)
dialog: Stinkin' little pecker... he never
dialog: was any good...
scene_heading: ANGLE - BROADCAST BOOTH
text: The Sportscaster is pushing his face against the broadcast
text: booth glass, trying to see what everyone's looking at.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: (points at another)
dialog: Oh! I didn't like these neo-Nazi
dialog: boys. They were all so fussy and
dialog: persnickety about everything. Heil
dialog: this and heil that.
dialog: (flips the page)
dialog: Oh look... here's Max with his
dialog: chainsaw. He loved to go to the
dialog: national park and cut down those
dialog: giant old trees. It made him feel so
dialog: patriotic. You know, if he hadn't
dialog: been such a successful criminal... I
dialog: think he would have been a lumberjack.
text: The Court Clerk, Bailiff and Court Recorder have all moved
text: around behind the witness stand, peering over Mrs. Shady's
text: shoulder at the photos.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: (tearful, angry)
dialog: But now he'll never be anything! Not
dialog: since...
dialog: (stands up, points)
dialog: ...that woman, your wife, pulled the
dialog: trigger and put my little Max in his
dialog: grave!
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: Mrs. Shady! Do not POINT your finger
dialog: in my courtroom. It's discourteous,
text: impolite and disrespectful.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: Don't you tell me what to do with my
dialog: finger! It's been more places than
dialog: you've ever dreamed of!
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: (bangs gavel)
dialog: Sit down!
speaker_heading: MRS. SHADY
dialog: I'll point my finger wherever I want!
text: Mrs. Shady goes berserk... leaping from the witness stand,
text: pointing several different fingers at Judge Skanky.
text: The Bailiff attempts to restrain her, but she breaks free...
text: scurrying around the courtroom, pointing fingers at everyone!
dialog: CHAOS prevails!
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: The Irritable Man from the train is on the stand... Max's
text: huge cigar stuck in his ear! The hair around his ear is
text: scorched.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Did you encounter the victim... Max
dialog: Shady... on board the train?
speaker_heading: IRRITABLE MAN
dialog: Yeah. And I told him... "this is the
dialog: NO SMOKING car! Would you please put
dialog: out your damn cigar!"
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: And is that the cigar in your ear?
text: The Man strains to see the cigar out of the corner of his
text: eye. Impatient, Ned finally holds up a small pocket mirror.
speaker_heading: IRRITABLE MAN
dialog: I believe it is.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'd like the cigar and the head of
dialog: this witness entered into evidence.
text: The Bailiff picks up the Irritable Man and dumps him on the
text: evidence table, where he is tagged by the Court Clerk.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: The defense calls... Lana Ravine!
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: Lana is on the stand. The Bailiff swears her in.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Do you swear to tell the truth, the
dialog: whole truth and nothing but the truth
dialog: so help you God?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (looks to Judge)
dialog: Do I have to answer that, Harlan?
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: No, no dear. I'll vouch for her.
text: Ned approaches.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Now, Mrs. Ravine... may I call you
dialog: Lana?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: No. Call me Angel Tits.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: I object!
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: Sustained. Counselor... you will
dialog: address Angel Tits as Mrs. Ravine.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Mrs. Ravine... would you please tell
dialog: the court... what were you doing on
dialog: that train?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I saw Max Shady at the station...
dialog: saw him get on board. I knew he'd
dialog: made threats to kill you and mutilate
dialog: your reproductive organs...
text: Ned and EVERY MALE in the courtroom winces at this, doubling
text: over in imagined agony. Lana pauses, then continues...
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: ...so I got on the train too... so I
dialog: could warn you.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Do you want to have children?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Someday. With the right man.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: But you couldn't have children if
dialog: my...
dialog: (makes a gesture)
dialog: ...were...
dialog: (another gesture)
dialog: ...and, uh...
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: It would be difficult.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: So you followed him, knowing you had
dialog: to protect me... your husband...
dialog: your best friend... the man you
dialog: love... the future father of your
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: And when you saw that maniac standing
text: in the vestibule, waiting to pulverize
dialog: my pee-pee... you pulled the gun and
dialog: fired and fired and FIRED!
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: And fired and fired and fired and
dialog: fired and fired and fired and fired...
text: She pauses to count off on her fingers, then...
speaker_heading: LANA
text: ...and fired and fired and fired.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: The defense rests, your Honor.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: The COURTROOM ARTIST has been sketching intensely throughout
text: the trial. We finally see... he's been sketching a BOWL OF
text: FRUIT on the Court Recorder's desk. Ned picks up some fruit
text: from the bowl and approaches the defense table.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: How can you convict a courageous
dialog: woman who risked everything to save
dialog: the life of her beloved husband? A
dialog: woman who acted boldly to stop a
text: demented maniac from doing THIS!...
text: Ned shoves the BANANA and two PLUMS into a demonstration
text: blender on the defense table. He hits the puree button and
dialog: the blender WHIRRS loudly!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (shouts over)
text: ...pulverizing the private parts of
dialog: the man she loves!
text: All MALES in the courtroom react with pained expressions,
text: cringing and doubling-over. Ned turns the blender off.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (directly to Jury)
dialog: Lana Ravine is a loving wife and the
dialog: potential mother of my potential
dialog: child. I challenge YOU to strike a
dialog: blow for motherhood and the American
dialog: justice system! Put the "con" back
dialog: in the Constitution. Put the "ju"
dialog: back in jurisprudence. Put the "can"
dialog: back in American. And put the "dom"
dialog: back in freedom. Find this woman
dialog: INNOCENT!... so we can all go to bed
dialog: happy tonight!
scene_heading: INT. PRESS ROOM - LATER
text: A REPORTER opens the door marked PRESS ROOM. Inside, a DOZEN
text: REPORTERS press their pants on a dozen ironing boards.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: The jury's back!
text: The Reporters scramble for the door, pulling their pants on!
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS a folded piece of paper as the Jurors
text: pass it along to the FOREMAN... who hands it to the Bailiff...
text: who hands it to the Judge. He unfolds it, reads it... then
text: winks flirtatiously at the FEMALE JUROR who wrote it. She
text: blushes.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: (back to business)
dialog: So... has the jury reached a verdict?
speaker_heading: JURY FOREMAN
dialog: (stands up)
dialog: Yes we have, your Honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: How do you find the defendant... on
dialog: the count of manslaughter?
speaker_heading: JURY FOREMAN
dialog: Not guilty.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: On the count of murder in the first
dialog: degree?
speaker_heading: JURY FOREMAN
dialog: Not guilty.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: On the Count of Monte Cristo?
speaker_heading: JURY FOREMAN
dialog: Not guilty.
text: A BOISTEROUS CLAMOR in the court. The electronic signs FLASH
text: "NOT GUILTY!"... "NOT GUILTY!"... "NOT GUILTY!"
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: Good. Then on the count of three,
dialog: let's all get the hell out of here!
dialog: One... two...
text: The Jury and Spectators start to rise. The Judge hesitates,
text: gavel poised, shooting them a warning look.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: Wait... for... it...
text: Everyone FREEZES halfway out of their seats... waiting.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SKANKY
dialog: Two and a half... THREE!
text: He smacks his gavel. Everyone scatters for the doors, but
text: Judge Skanky beats them out of the room.
text: Lana turns cool, dropping her courtroom facade. She plucks
text: off her earrings, unbuttons the neck of her dress, reaches
text: in and magically pulls out her bra, tossing it away.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Well, counselor, looks like you won
dialog: another case. Lucky for me.
text: TWO LEGAL AIDES sneak up behind Ned and dump a big plastic
text: barrel of Gatorade cans over his head!
speaker_heading: BAILIFF (O.S.)
dialog: (over P. A. system)
dialog: Attention courtroom shoppers! All
dialog: trial evidence now on sale. Forty to
dialog: sixty percent off all exhibits!
dialog: Everything must go!
text: They turn to SEE: Spectators and Jurors browse through the
text: clutter of junk in front of the Court Clerk on the evidence
text: table. An IRRITABLE WOMAN claims the Irritable Man, grabbing
text: the cigar from his ear and throwing it down.
speaker_heading: IRRITABLE WOMAN
dialog: I told you, Bernard... smoking cigars
dialog: is bad for your hearing!
text: She pulls him away as Lana steps up, with a cigarette dangling
text: from her lips. Lana picks up her gun and spins the cylinder.
text: It's loaded. The battered Court Clerk limps over, smiling.
speaker_heading: COURT CLERK
dialog: Mrs. Ravine! What can I do for ya?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: How much for my gun?
text: Laura sees this... turns to Ned with a look of shock.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I don't believe it! She just bought
dialog: her gun back! The gun she used to
dialog: kill a man!
text: Ned looks off toward Lana with admiration.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah... the same gun that saved my
dialog: life. I'm sure it has sentimental
dialog: value.
text: As Lana wades into the crowd of REPORTERS, some still without
text: pants, the CAMERA MOVES TO Lola, who is watching Lana from
text: the back of the courtroom.
text: Lola pulls a small cord hanging from the side of her hat...
text: opening her veil like window drapes. She's not happy.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S GARAGE - DAY
text: Frank lays on a mechanic's "creeper", working under a car.
text: Lana steps between his feet. He hears her and rolls out, his
text: crotch sliding to a stop against her legs. He looks up,
text: covered with black grease.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So... you did it. Ya beat the rap.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: No thanks to you.
text: He gets to his feet, cocky.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey... I knew he'd spring ya.
text: She walks toward him, her voice cold, accusing. He backs up.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You didn't lift a finger, Frank. You
dialog: let me take all the heat.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Heeeee-eeey... what could I do?
text: Lana pulls the gun from her purse, pointing it at him.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You were gonna let me rot in the
dialog: slammer... never say a thing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Look... you're out... free. Now we're
dialog: together. That's what counts. We can
dialog: try again! Forget triple indemnity.
dialog: We'll whack him and split three mil.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I'm not splitting anything, Frank.
dialog: (cocks the gun)
dialog: And you know too much.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (arrogant)
dialog: Come on, Lana. You're not gonna shoot
dialog: me.
text: He brashly turns his back to her, putting some tools away.
text: She sees a huge electric powered SCREWDRIVER on the workbench
text: next to her, smiling diabolically. She lowers the gun.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You're right.
dialog: (then, seductive)
dialog: Maybe I'll just screw you to death.
text: He laughs arrogantly... starts to unbutton his shirt.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Now you're talkin' baby.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GARAGE WINDOW - DAY
text: We see Lana's SILHOUETTE on the window as she raises the big
scene_heading: power screwdriver and turns it on. WHIRR-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R!
text: The CAMERA WHIPS AROUND and PUSHES IN TO...
speaker_heading: LOLA
text: watching the murder from her car. There is a... FLASH! Then
dialog: another! And another! We are...
scene_heading: INT. THE GARAGE - LATER
text: A POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER takes FLASH pictures of the crime scene.
text: The CORONER, COPS, FORENSIC MEN... all do their thing. Ned
text: and Arch amble in, looking around. Arch is eating Nachos.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC MAN
dialog: Watch your step, guys. There's a lot
dialog: of blood.
text: Throughout this scene, in the b.g., the milling COPS and
text: INVESTIGATORS slip on all the blood, as if on slick ice, and
text: fall out of frame, their arms and legs flailing helplessly!
text: One of the Coroner's INVESTIGATORS approaches Arch and Ned.
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR
dialog: Looks like a suicide. We found a
dialog: note.
text: He holds up a rolled piece of paper with a pair of tweezers.
text: Ned takes it, trying to unroll it.
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR
text: It was stuck up his nose.
text: Ned hands it off to Arch, who casually unrolls it. The
text: Investigator slips, arms waving, and falls out of frame.
speaker_heading: ARCH
dialog: (reading it)
dialog: "I can't take it anymore. I'm a
dialog: mediocre mechanic... and a lousy
dialog: lover."
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He's sure got that right.
text: Arch gives Ned a very strange look. Ned feels his stare.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: The "mechanic" part, I mean.
text: In the b.g., various COPS pair up to have their pictures
text: taken by the Police Crime Scene Photographer... posing,
text: grinning.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (stares at the body)
dialog: I don't know why, Arch, but I just
dialog: can't shake this crazy hunch it wasn't
dialog: suicide.
speaker_heading: THE CAMERA MOVES
text: behind Ned on his line, revealing Frank... pinned to the
text: wall by the power screwdriver stuck in his back! It's still
text: running... vibrating with a GRINDING HUM.
text: Ned reaches out and turns the screwdriver OFF.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ned enters, pausing. He hears VOICES. He goes to the living
text: room. Lana and Lola turn to see him in the doorway. He is
text: shocked. Lana looks shaken. But Lola is cool... in control.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Oh... uh, Ned... This is Lola, um...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (nervous, defensive)
dialog: Um? She told you her name was Um?
dialog: And what other lies did she tell
dialog: you? I've never seen this woman in
dialog: my life! Never followed her home!
dialog: Never had sex with her in the
dialog: refrigerator! It's all a sick
dialog: fantasy... and I deny everything!
text: He turns to Lola.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: When will women like you learn, you
dialog: can't tear apart a perfectly good
dialog: marriage with your vicious lies...
dialog: Miss UMMMM!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Actually... it's Smith. Lola Smith.
dialog: I sell vacuum cleaners, Mr. Ravine.
dialog: The big powerful kind that suck up
dialog: everything in sight. I was just
dialog: telling your wife, if she wants to
dialog: get rid of all her dirt, she has to
dialog: be willing to pay the price.
text: She turns to Lana with a cold and contemptuous glare.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Let me know what you decide, Mrs.
dialog: Ravine. I'm sure we can work out a
dialog: convenient "payment" plan. A pleasure
dialog: meeting you... Ned.
text: Lola exits. As soon as the door closes, Lana whirls around
text: in a fury!... SMASHING a lamp! She SHRIEKS furiously!
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I... hate... SALESMEN!
text: He puts his arms around her, comforting.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I know it's been a tough ordeal...
dialog: with the trial and everything. Tell
dialog: you what... let's take a trip.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: A trip?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah. Just the two of us.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (darkly inspired)
dialog: I like that. Just you and me... all
dialog: alone. I'll start packing.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Great. Listen... I got something to
dialog: take care of. I'll be back in awhile.
text: He kisses her and exits. Lana turns to look up toward the
text: landing, a vengefully insane smile clouding her face.
scene_heading: INT. LOLA'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: A demanding KNOCK at the door. Lola hesitates at the door.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Who is it?
text: The door CRASHES OPEN! Ned is silhouetted in the doorway. He
text: looks really pissed! Lola turns and runs. Ned sprints after
text: her, leaping through the air... bringing her down with a
dialog: tackle!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I just want to talk.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Why didn't you say so?
text: Her foot shoots out, smashing him right in the face... WHAM!
text: She jumps up and scrambles away. Ned pursues her. She grabs
text: a bottle of scotch from the counter, spins around.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Would you like a drink?
text: She throws the bottle! He ducks and it shatters on the wall!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No thanks. I'm driving.
text: She whirls on one foot, nailing him in the head with a FLYING
text: SPIN KICK! He stumbles back, dazed. She grabs an ice pick.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Then let's get to the point!
text: Lola charges! Ned rolls onto his back, jamming both feet
text: into her stomach, heaving her up over him... thru the air!
text: She SLAMS into the wall!... then slowly turns... still cool
text: and collected. She raises a cigarette... lights it with the
dialog: ice pick "lighter."
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: So what's your problem, tough guy?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Stay away from my life, my wife, my
dialog: home and my pets! I'm taking Lana on
dialog: a vacation and when I come back, I
dialog: don't ever want to see your face
dialog: again!
text: He shoves her against the wall... the cigarette flying away.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: A VACATION! She doesn't deserve a
dialog: VACATION! She's a brat! A bad girl!
dialog: She always was and always will be!
text: He grabs her by the shoulders, shaking her.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What are you talking about? You don't
dialog: know anything about Lana?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I know EVERYTHING!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (shakes her hard)
dialog: How do you know her? Who is she to
dialog: you? TELL ME!
text: She clams up. He slaps her.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Who is she!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: She's your wife!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (slaps her again!)
dialog: Who is she!?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: She's my sister!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (slaps her again)
dialog: Liar! Who is she?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: She's your wife!
text: He raises his hand to slap her hard.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: WHO IS SHE!
dialog: She SLAPS him!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: She's my sister!
text: She continues to slap him... back and forth... repeating her
dialog: answers... "She's your wife"... "She's my sister!"... "Your
dialog: wife!"... "My sister!"... "Wife!"... "Sister!"
text: He reaches a boiling point, raising two fingers, preparing
text: to give her the Three Stooges "two-fingered eye poke." She
text: blocks it with her hand and shoves him away. Then, she
text: executes a perfect Three Stooges "wiggly-hand head slap",
dialog: telling him...
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: She's your wife... AND my sister!
text: Ned is stunned. MUSIC THUNDERS dramatically! Lana clicks the
text: stereo off. The MUSIC STOPS.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: She was spoiled rotten! She stole
dialog: everything I ever had. Everything!
dialog: Including him.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Him? Who, him?
speaker_heading: LOLA
text: Dwayne. The boy's gym teacher. He
dialog: was older. So mature... so strong.
text: He smelled like dirty sweat socks
dialog: and old basketballs. And he was all
dialog: mine. For awhile.
dialog: (turning bitter)
dialog: But Lana wasn't satisfied with her
dialog: own things. She had to have mine
dialog: too. She took it all... my makeup,
dialog: my sweaters, my shoes, my underwear...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You wore the same clothes?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: We were identical twins.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What're you talking about? You two
dialog: don't look anything alike.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Not anymore. One day I caught her
dialog: stealing my lavender eye shadow and
text: she smashed my face in with a shovel.
dialog: I had fifty-three operations. When
dialog: the doctors were finished with me...
dialog: I looked like THIS! I'm ugly. UGLY!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You're beautiful.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Don't lie to me.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: They did a terrific job!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: I look in the mirror. I can SEE!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: But... you're gorgeous!
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Tell that to Dwayne. When he saw my
dialog: face, he left me for HER... because
dialog: she looked more like me than I did!
dialog: First she stole my looks... then she
dialog: stole the only man who ever loved
dialog: me!
text: She comes toward him... feeling in control once more.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: But I found a way to get even. The
dialog: best revenge possible. Destroy her
dialog: marriage!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That's why you did all this? Seduced
dialog: me... harrassed me... the tape...
dialog: the flowers... the phone calls...
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: You been hangin' out with Dick Tracy,
dialog: haven't ya?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: It won't work. Lana loves me.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: It doesn't matter. I'm blackmailing
dialog: her for everything she's worth. She
dialog: murdered that greasy auto mechanic.
dialog: I saw her do it.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Lana killed Frank Kelbo?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: (also stunned)
dialog: Kelbo! His name was Kelbo?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah. Why? Did he burn you on car
dialog: repairs too?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Dwayne's name was Kelbo. He had a
dialog: son. Frankie Kelbo.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Ned wanders to his car, climbs in, sits there... stunned.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
text: The pieces of the puzzle were falling
dialog: into place and I didn't like the
dialog: picture they were making. If Lana
dialog: really killed Frank Kelbo, then I
dialog: had misjudged her by a mile. Sure...
dialog: he was a lousy mechanic. But murder?
text: Ned rubs his temples, shuts his eyes.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: It was all starting to give me a
dialog: headache bigger than the national
dialog: deficit.
scene_heading: INT. LOLA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" plays on the stereo. Lola sits on the
text: floor by an end table, eyes dazed, staring blankly. A lamp
text: with a "clapper" switch sits on the table.
text: As the CAMERA MOVES IN SLOWLY to her, she absently "claps"
text: the light off... then on... then off... then on... then off...
scene_heading: INT. NED'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON female hands using a keyhole saw to cut through a
text: railing on the second floor landing above the foyer.
text: Outside... the SOUND of a car... headlights! The sawing stops.
scene_heading: EXT. NED'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ned pulls up. The house is dark and ominous. So is the MUSIC.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The front door is open a crack. He cautiously pushes it and
text: the door CR-E-A-K-S open very slowly. The door STOPS, but
text: the LOUD CREAKING continues. Ned touches it lightly with the
text: tip of his finger. The CREAKING STOPS.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Lana?
text: Ned moves up the stairs. The CAMERA BOOMS UP with him, HOLDING
text: ON an ECU of the partially severed railing.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Ned enters. Hot water gushes from the faucet into a clawfoot
text: bathtub. He turns the water off, looking around, puzzled.
text: Loosens his tie, rubs his head. A splitting headache. Opens
text: the medicine cabinet and... SCREECH! YEOW! CRASH! A CAT leaps
text: out!... darts away. There's a NOISE from downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER
text: Someone is POUNDING on the door. Ned enters and opens it.
dialog: It's Laura.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Ned! I'm glad you're here. I have so
dialog: much to tell you.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Come on in. I'll make some tea. Grab
text: a chair.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Thanks... I brought my own.
text: She drags a chair in behind her, sits at the kitchen table.
text: Ned puts a kettle on the burner, turns it on. He starts
text: searching through the cupboard for teabags.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: So... what have you got?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: A lottery ticket and a laundry
dialog: receipt.
dialog: (lays them on table)
dialog: I found them in the pocket of that
dialog: suit you wore the night you were
text: working under cover with a client.
text: Ned freezes, staring out the window, unable to face her.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You remember that night, don't ya
dialog: Ned? Then it hit me. Lottery starts
dialog: with L-O. Laundry starts with L-A. L-
dialog: O... L-A. Lola.
text: Ned turns to her when he hears Lola's name... looking baffled
text: by this convoluted piece of logic.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (shrugs it off)
dialog: Don't sweat it. It's the way a woman's
dialog: mind works.
text: He turns back to the cupboard, picking up a container.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: How about Ovaltine?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Fine. Then I remembered you told me
dialog: some guy named Frank had been working
dialog: on your wife's car for two months.
dialog: You with me so far?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I'm way ahead of you.
text: He brings the Ovaltine container to the table.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Well back it up. You probably took a
dialog: wrong turn. Remember your insurance
dialog: policy... the one we couldn't find?
dialog: I started thinking, who else had
dialog: access to it beside you and me? The
dialog: answer came up... Lana. And since
dialog: she's a woman, it's probably hidden
dialog: right here.
text: A huge ceramic cookie jar sits on the table in front of them.
text: Laura SMASHES it with her fist, breaking it open! Cookies
dialog: spill out... and the insurance policy.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: So that's where she hid the Oreos.
text: He sits down... starts eating Oreos... twisting them apart.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Ned, Lana wasn't trying to save your
dialog: life when she shot Max Shady. She
dialog: and Frank were plotting to kill you
dialog: and collect on your insurance policy.
dialog: But she shot the wrong guy.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That's the craziest thing I ever
dialog: heard.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (she presses on)
dialog: Don't you see... Frank was going to
dialog: let her take the fall. So she murdered
dialog: him and tried to make it look like
dialog: suicide.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's when I realized there was a
dialog: connection between Lola and Lana...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah... they're sisters. Twin sisters.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Well, hang on to your jock strap,
dialog: Ned. There's more.
text: She unrolls a complex genealogical chart... walks him thru
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Not only is Frank's father Dwayne
text: Kelbo, notoriously amorous gym teacher
dialog: and Lola Cain's former lover...
dialog: Frank's mother is Helen Shady. Max
dialog: and Frank are half-brothers who never
dialog: met.
text: Laura pauses dramatically, then announces.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Your lovely wife, Lana, murdered
dialog: both of Helen Shady's sons.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: This is so unbelievable.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: And you haven't even heard my story.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - UPSTAIRS LANDING - NIGHT
text: The keyhole saw cuts through the railing. The CAMERA REVEALS
text: Lana, eyes filled with Machiavellian rage.
text: She enters the bathroom, lays the saw blade down. Suddenly...
text: a PAIR OF HANDS plunge into frame, grabbing her by the throat!
text: We GO WITH HER as she is pushed back into the tub, the hands
text: forcing her head under water. Lana grabs a diving mask, clamps
text: it over her face. One of the attacking hands rips it away!
text: Lana grabs a snorkel, sticking it in her mouth. The hand
text: pulls it from her, tossing it aside.
text: The hand shoves a little RUBBER DUCKIE into Lana's mouth!
text: Lana struggles, finally going limp. Her open eyes stare up
text: from beneath the water. The last few bubbles rise to the
dialog: surface.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: He turned into a monster. And that's
dialog: when I left him. I just couldn't...
text: The tea kettle WHISTLES! Laura pulls it off the burner. The
text: whistling subsides... replaced by the distant SOUND of water
text: running upstairs. Ned cocks his head, listening.
speaker_heading: NED
text: That damn faucet keeps turning on
dialog: all by itself. I'll go check it.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Okay. I'll make the Ovaltine.
text: Ned exits. Laura opens the Ovaltine container. It's empty. A
text: DARK SHADOW moves past the window behind Laura. Suspense
text: MUSIC. Laura opens the cupboard. PIGEONS explode out, wings
text: beating furiously! She catches her breath, looks in the
text: cupboard. The cans and boxes are covered with pigeon shit.
text: She shoves them aside, looking for the Ovaltine.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - SAME TIME
text: Ned looks up toward the light from the bathroom. Water seeps
text: over the edge of the landing and down the steps. As he moves
text: up the steps, the SOUND of MUSIC... the familiar strains of
text: "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida"... grows louder and LOUDER.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - SAME TIME
text: It's filled with steam. He waves the steam away... STARTLED
text: to see Lana's lifeless body beneath the water, the rubber
text: duckie jammed into her mouth. The tub overflows on the floor.
text: He turns the faucet off. The water stops... and so does the
text: MUSIC. Puzzled, he turns the faucet on. The MUSIC STARTS.
text: Turns it off. The MUSIC STOPS.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: As Laura turns away to enter the pantry... her Husband's
text: twisted face suddenly appears in the kitchen window!
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SAME TIME
text: Ned enters. The MUSIC is coming from the closet. Ned yanks
text: the door open! A flock of PIGEONS bursts out!... revealing a
text: GUEST MUSICIAN playing an instrument.
speaker_heading: GUEST MUSICIAN
dialog: I'm sittin' in for Dizzy. He had a
dialog: gig tonight.
text: Ned shuts the door, eyes shifting. Lola must be near.
scene_heading: INT. PANTRY OFF KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: Laura searches the large walk-in pantry for tea bags. She
text: hears a LOUD CRASH of BREAKING GLASS in the kitchen... stops
text: and listens... then casually shrugs it off.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: Laura's Husband stands in the kitchen. The back door is
text: open... the window shattered. He SEES... the kitchen towels
text: hanging sloppily on the rack! The disorganized clutter of
text: cans and boxes in the cupboard! WE PUSH IN to his wildly
dialog: insane eyes!
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS LANDING - SAME TIME
text: As Ned enters the upstairs landing, we hear VOICES in his
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: NED
speaker_heading: (ECHOING V.O.)
dialog: Women are an open book. You can always
dialog: tell the rotten apples from the
dialog: peaches. I'd stake my career on it...
dialog: stake my career on it... stake my
dialog: career on it...
text: The repetitive ECHO gets to him. He smacks his head with the
text: palm of his hand. The skipping stops... followed by...
speaker_heading: NED
speaker_heading: (ECHOING V.O.)
dialog: ...If anyone ever proves me wrong,
dialog: I'll throw away my badge.
text: IN THE DARKNESS
text: A woman's HAND unrolls a leather kit... the "U-Pick an Ice
dialog: Pick Porta-Pik-Pak!"... with seven ice picks in separate
text: slots, each labeled with a day of the week.
text: The hand selects "Wednesday's" ice pick, pulls it out. Then...
scene_heading: BONG... BONG... BONG... BONG...!
scene_heading: CANTED ANGLE ON - A GRANDFATHER CLOCK
text: It CHIMES loudly. It's twelve midnight!
speaker_heading: THE HAND
text: returns the ice pick to its slot, selects the one for
dialog: Thursday.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: Laura comes out of the pantry. She stops... gasps! Everything
text: in the cupboard is neatly stacked! All the towels are
dialog: straight!
text: She whirls around... coming face to face with her Husband!
text: He smiles demonically, holding up the Ninja Turtle float
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: LAURA'S HUSBAND
dialog: Forget something, sweetheart?
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS LANDING - SAME TIME
text: Ned nears the bathroom door and suddenly... A PIERCING SCREAM!
text: Lola charges, an ice pick raised over her head! She knocks
text: him backward, into the bathroom, slashing at him. But he
text: deflects the attack, grabbing at her arms.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: Laura backs away from her Husband. He holds her wedding ring.
speaker_heading: LAURA'S HUSBAND
dialog: You forgot to flush, darling.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS LANDING - SAME TIME
text: As Ned and Lola continue their violent struggle... Lola grabs
text: toiletries to aid in her attack. She squirts Ned with SHAVING
text: CREAM... squeezes TOOTHPASTE in his hair... and throws BATH
text: POWDER in his face!
text: Ned is blinded. Gaining the advantage, Lola shoves him back,
text: slamming his head into the wall. He's dazed, helpless.
text: Lola raises the ice pick, moving forward to strike! But Ned
text: grabs a HAIR BLOWER and swings it around, pointing it at her
text: like a gun! She freezes... then smiles contemptuously.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: What're you gonna do, Ned? Blow me
dialog: away?
text: She LAUGHS arrogantly. Ned clicks on the hair blower to HIGH,
text: a blast of HOT AIR hitting Lola's face, puffing her cheeks
text: out, pushing her back, hair flying wildly!
text: Her backside hits the railing where Lana has cut it... the
dialog: wood splintering!
text: Lola tumbles over backward, SCREAMING! She hangs suspended
text: in mid-air for a moment, like a cartoon character, arms
text: flailing. Then... WHOOM!... she FALLS to the marble floor
text: below, hitting with a LOUD THUD!
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: Laura's Husband hears Lola fall, turning. Laura grabs the
text: iron skillet and CLOBBERS him with it! BONG! He goes down.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I never forget anything... honey.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS LANDING - SAME TIME
text: Ned stares at the hair blower in his hand. Filled with disgust
text: and revulsion, he throws the "weapon" down.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: Laura pulls TWO REVOLVERS from her purse... spinning them
text: like John Wayne... expertly tossing one over her back,
text: catching it in front! She heads for the foyer.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - A MOMENT LATER - ON LOLA'S BODY
text: Laura pauses, looks down at Lola's body... notices something.
text: She pushes Lola's skirt a bit higher with the toe of her
dialog: shoe.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: Those are MY panties!
text: She looks up... sees a light emanating from the bathroom.
text: ON THE LANDING
text: Laura moves through the shadows... stops outside the bathroom,
text: pressing her back against the wall, guns up and ready.
text: She swivels into the doorway... taking a shooter's stance...
text: guns pointed! She sees... LANA... submerged in the tub, face
text: up, the rubber duckie in her mouth.
text: Laura steps back and turns... right into a THING covered in
text: white! Startled, she SHRIEKS! Ned drops the white towel he's
text: using to wipe off all of the shaving cream and toothpaste.
text: Relieved to see it's Ned, she throws her arms around him!
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh Ned!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You were right... there's a million
dialog: things I don't know about women.
dialog: Maybe you can teach me a few hundred.
text: He pulls out his police badge, looks at it.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hell... I had too many careers anyway.
text: He tosses it away, over the railing.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - ECU LOLA - SAME TIME
text: The badge drops from above, landing on the floor right in
text: front of Lola's lifeless face. A beat. Her eyes pop open!
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - ECU ON BATH WATER - SAME TIME
text: Suddenly, the rubber duckie pops to the surface.
text: ON THE LANDING
text: Laura hugs Ned again, arms locked around his neck, still
text: gripping a gun in each hand.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh Ned, I love you. I always loved
dialog: you!
scene_heading: INT. FOYER
text: Lola sits bolt upright, bloody but still bouncy.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Lana suddenly SITS UP in the tub, inhaling a huge GASP of
dialog: air, her eyes wild!
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Laura's Husband's eyes POP OPEN! He SITS UP suddenly...
text: smashing his head into the sharp corner of the kitchen table!
text: He topples back slowly... really dead! Finally.
scene_heading: INT. THE STAIRCASE
text: Lola's feet move steadily up each stair... her bloody hand
text: grasping the ice pick.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM FLOOR - LOW ANGLE
text: Lana's feet step out of the tub, water dripping all around.
text: She picks up the pointed saw from the floor.
text: ON THE LANDING
text: Ned and Laura still embrace, her forearms crisscrossed behind
text: his neck. It's been a long embrace.
text: Suddenly, Lana and Lola both appear, SCREAMING like banshees!
text: Lana charges from the bathroom, grasping the sharp saw blade!
text: Lola races at them from the stairway... with the ice pick!
text: Without missing a beat, Laura raises the barrels of both
text: guns and FIRES at them simultaneously... right next to Ned's
dialog: ears.
text: The impact of one bullet knocks Lana all the way back through
text: the bathroom, CRASHING spectacularly out the window! The
text: other bullet sends Lola flipping down the staircase!
text: Ned looks stunned, his eyes crossed... the thundering gunshots
text: still ringing in his ears. Laura proudly blows the gunsmoke
text: away from the end of each barrel.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Got 'em!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (deafened)
speaker_heading: WHAT?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I said... I GOT 'EM!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: HUH?!!!
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (yells)
text: THEY'RE DEAD! GONE! KA-PUT!
text: He strains to make out what she's saying, ears still ringing.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (yells back)
text: SURE I'LL MARRY YOU! NEXT TUESDAY
dialog: WOULD BE PERFECT!
text: A beat. Laura opens her mouth to correct him, then decides
text: against it. She smiles... speaking softly, almost shyly.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Okay. But I want to have kids.
text: He hears THIS... smiles at her.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Great.
text: They embrace.
scene_heading: EXT. NED'S HOUSE - WIDE SHOT - NEAR DAWN
text: We MOVE IN SLOWLY toward the house.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: So... maybe I was wrong. Maybe women
dialog: really are like a big jigsaw puzzle...
dialog: with pieces that never seem to fit
dialog: where you want 'em to.
scene_heading: INT. NED'S HOUSE - THE BEDROOM - SAME TIME
text: Ned and Laura are in bed, wrapped in each other's arms.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: All I know is, there are three things
dialog: that men can't possibly ever do...
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - NED AND LAURA
text: Revealing that it's NOT "voice over narration." Ned is
text: actually rattling on aloud again.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: ...understand women... give birth...
dialog: and program a VCR. And giving birth
dialog: is the easy one.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Ned...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yeah, Laura?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Knock off the chatter, will ya?
text: He smiles at her. They kiss. Romantic SAXAPHONE MUSIC begins
text: to play... only this time, it's "Laura's Theme."
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY... revealing Dizzy laying on
text: the bed beside them... playing the sax.
text: After a beat, Laura turns to Dizzy.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: We won't need you anymore.
text: Ned casually slips him a twenty dollar bill. Dizzy slips off
text: the bed and out the door. Laura turns to Ned.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: We can make our own music.
text: Her hand reaches slowly over the edge of the bed, toward the
text: floor. Suddenly... she comes up with a CONCERTINA, a small
dialog: accordian... and begins to play it!
text: Ned lays there listening for a few moments, a stunned look
text: frozen on his face. Then... he reaches under the pillow and
text: pulls out a HARMONICA and joins in.
text: The CAMERA BOOMS UP to a HIGH ANGLE SHOT... as they play
text: MEDLEY of all the MUSIC heard in the film.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: ROLL END CREDITS
text: After the final credit, WE HEAR:
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Ned, do you know... I want you to
dialog: make love to me all night long?
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: No. But if you hum a few bars...
dialog: I'll fake it.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
