speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: August Wilson
dialog: Based upon his play
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
scene_heading: TITLE: AUGUST WILSON’S FENCES
text: The screen remains black. The sound of
text: a truck rumbling along a street. Two
text: men are heard talking:
dialog: Bono (v.o.): Troy, you ought to stop that lying!
dialog: mroy (v.o.): I ain’t lying! The nigger had a water-
dialog: melon this big. Talking about . . . “What water-
dialog: melon, Mr. Rand?” I like to fell out! “What
dialog: watermelon, Mr. Rand?” . . . And it sitting there
dialog: big as life.
dialog: pono (v.o.): What did Mr. Rand say?
dialog: mroy (v.o.): Ain’t said nothing. Figure if the nigger
dialog: too dumb to know he carrying a watermelon, he
dialog: wasn’t gonna get much sense out of him. Trying to
dialog: hide that great big old watermelon under his
text: coat. Afraid to let the white man see him carry
dialog: it home.
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 1 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
scene_heading: EXT. WYLIE AVENUE, THE HILL, PITTSBURGH—
scene_heading: EARLY SEPTEMBER—MORNING
text: The rear of the garbage truck, god’s
dialog: point of view: Troy Maxson and Jim
text: Bono hang on to either side of the
text: truck as it heads toward its next
dialog: collection point.
text: Troy is fifty-three years old, a large
text: man with thick, heavy hands; it is
dialog: this largeness that he strives to fill
text: out and make an accommodation with.
dialog: Together with his blackness, his
text: largeness informs his sensibilities
dialog: and the choices he has made in his
dialog: life.
text: Of the two men, Bono is obviously the
dialog: follower. His commitment to their
dialog: friendship of thirty odd years is
text: rooted in his admiration of Troy’s
dialog: honesty, capacity for hard work, and
dialog: his strength, which Bono seeks to
dialog: emulate.
dialog: Bono: I’m like you . . . I ain’t got no time for them
dialog: kind of people.
dialog: troy: Now what he look like getting mad ’cause he see
dialog: the man from the union talking to Mr. Rand?
dialog: Bono: He come talking to me about . . . “Troy Maxson
dialog: gonna get us fired.” I told him to get away from
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 2 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: me with that. He walked away from me calling you
dialog: a troublemaker. (anxious) What Mr. Rand say?
dialog: troy: Ain’t said nothing. He told me to go down to the
dialog: commissioner’s office next Friday. They called me
dialog: down there to see them.
text: The truck halts. Troy gets down and
text: heads for heavy garbage cans at the
text: curb; Bono uses Troy’s shoulder to
text: ease himself down.
dialog: Bono: Well, as long as you got your complaint filed,
dialog: they can’t fire you. That’s what one of them white
dialog: fellows tell me.
dialog: troy: I ain’t worried about them firing me. They gonna
dialog: fire me ‘cause I asked a question? That’s all I
dialog: did. I went to Mr. Rand and asked him—“Why? Why
dialog: you got the white mens driving and the colored
dialog: lifting?” Told him, “What’s the matter, don’t I
dialog: count?”
scene_heading: TITLE: THE HILL, PITTSBURGH
speaker_heading: TITLE: 1957
dialog: troy: You think only white fellows got sense enough
dialog: to drive a truck? That ain’t no paper job. Hell,
dialog: anybody can drive a truck. How come you got all
dialog: the whites driving and the coloreds lifting?
text: The truck’s white driver watches the
text: collectors in his side mirror.
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 3 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: troy: He told me, “Take it to the union.” Well, hell,
dialog: that’s what I done! Now they wanna come up with
dialog: this pack of lies.
dialog: Bono: I told Brownie if the man come and ask him any
dialog: questions . . . just tell the truth! It ain’t
dialog: nothing but something they done trumped up on you
dialog: "cause you filed a complaint on them.
text: Bono returns the last empty can. Troy
text: climbs up on the truck.
dialog: troy: Brownie don’t understand nothing. All I want
dialog: them to do is change the job description. Give
dialog: everybody a chance to drive the truck. Brownie
dialog: can’t see that. He ain’t got that much sense.
text: Bono in place, Troy slaps the truck.
text: As it starts moving, Troy pulls a
text: lever and the compactor crushes the
dialog: trash.
scene_heading: EXT. SANITATION YARD—AFTERNOON
text: Men stream out of the yard, Troy and
dialog: Bono among them.
dialog: How you figure he be making out with that gal be
dialog: up at Taylors’ all the time... that Alberta
dialog: gal?
dialog: troy: Who?
dialog: Bono: Brownie!
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 4 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: troy: Same as you and me. He getting as much as we is.
dialog: Which is to say nothing.
dialog: Bono: It is, huh? I figure you doing a little better
dialog: than me . . . and I ain’t saying what I’m doing.
dialog: troy: Aw, nigger, look here . . . I know you. If you
dialog: had got anywhere near that gal, twenty minutes
dialog: later you be looking to tell somebody. And the
dialog: first one you gonna tell . . . that you gonna want
dialog: to brag to. . . is gonna be me.
dialog: Bono: I ain’t saying that. I see where you be eyeing
dialog: her.
dialog: troy: I eye all the women. I don’t miss nothing. Don’t
dialog: never let nobody tell you Troy Maxson don’t eye
dialog: the women.
dialog: BoNo: You been doing more than eyeing her. You done
dialog: bought her a drink or two.
dialog: troy: Hell yeah, I bought her a drink! What that mean?
dialog: I bought you one, too. What that mean ‘cause I buy
dialog: her a drink? I’m just being polite.
dialog: pono: It’s all right to buy her one drink. That’s what
dialog: you call being polite. But when you wanna be buy-
dialog: ing two or three . . . that’s what you call eye-
dialog: ing her.
dialog: troy: Look here, as long as you known me... you
dialog: ever known me to chase after women?
dialog: BoNo: Hell yeah! Long as I done known you. You for-
dialog: getting I knew you when.
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 5 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: troy: Naw, I’m talking about since I been married to
dialog: Rose?
dialog: BoNo: Oh, not since you been married to Rose. Now,
dialog: that’s the truth, there. I can say that.
dialog: troy: All right then! Case closed.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HILL DISTRICT—TROY AND ROSE’S
scene_heading: STREET—AFTERNOON
text: Troy and Bono make their way down the
text: street to a narrow house. A pair of
text: lawn chairs sit on the small front
text: porch. They take the short cut through
text: the side alley into the back yard. It
dialog: is Friday, payday, and the one night
dialog: of the week the two men engage ina
dialog: ritual of talk and drink.
dialog: Bono: I see you be walking up around Alberta’s house.
dialog: You supposed to be at Taylors’ and you be walking
dialog: up around there.
dialog: mroy: What you watching where I’m walking for? I ain’t
dialog: watching after you.
dialog: Bono: I seen you walking around there more than once.
dialog: moy: Hell, you liable to see me walking anywhere!
dialog: That don’t mean nothing because you seen me walk-
dialog: ing around there.
dialog: BoNo: Where she come from anyway? She just kinda
dialog: showed up one day.
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 6 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: mor: Tallahassee. You can look at her and tell she one
dialog: of them Florida gals. They got some big healthy
dialog: women down there. Grow them right up out the ground.
dialog: Got a little bit of Indian in her. Most of them
dialog: niggers down in Florida got some Indian in them.
dialog: Bono: I don’t know about that Indian part. But she
dialog: damn sure big and healthy. Woman wears some big
dialog: stockings. Got them great big old legs and hips
text: as wide as the Mississippi river.
dialog: troy: Legs don’t mean nothing. You don’t do nothing
text: but push them out of the way. But them hips cush-
dialog: ion the ride!
dialog: Bono: Troy, you ain’t got no sense.
dialog: troy: It’s the truth! Like you riding on Goodyears!
text: Troy cracks the seal of the bottle of
text: gin, pours some out on the ground...
dialog: for the folks that are long gone.
scene_heading: EXT. TROY’S AND ROSE’S BACKYARD—
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: In the center of the yard, a large
text: tree, two chairs beneath it. A
text: battered baseball hangs from a rope
text: tied to a tree limb; a big weathered
text: bat leans against the trunk.
text: The yard is bordered on either side by
text: fences and houses. At the rear,
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 7 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: there’s a derelict wooden house with
text: boarded windows. The remnants of a
text: fence are strewn between the wild lot
text: behind the abandoned house and the
text: Maxsons’ yard.
dialog: Materials for a new fence. ..a
text: couple of wooden sawhorses waiting for
text: the lumber stacked under a tarp. One
text: or two chairs of dubious value sit at
text: one end where the kitchen window opens
text: onto the porch. An old-fashioned ice
text: box stands silent guard at the other
dialog: end.
text: Rose maxson comes out onto the porch,
text: holding a bowl of snap peas. She is
dialog: ten years younger than troy. Her
dialog: devotion to him stems from the
dialog: recognition of the possibilities of
text: her life without him: a succession of
dialog: abusive men and their babies, a life
dialog: of partying and running the streets,
dialog: the church, or aloneness with its
text: attendant pain and frustration. She
text: recognizes troy’s spirit as a fine and
dialog: illuminating one and she either
dialog: ignores or forgives his faults, only
text: some of which she recognizes. Though
text: she doesn’t drink, her presence is an
dialog: integral part of the friday night
dialog: rituals.
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 8 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: RosE: What you all out here getting into?
dialog: troy: What you worried about what we getting into for?
dialog: This is men talk, woman.
dialog: RosE: What I care what you talking about? Bono, you
dialog: gonna stay for supper?
dialog: Bono: No, I thank you, Rose. But Lucille say she cook-
text: ing up a pot of pigfeet.
dialog: troy: Pigfeet! Hell, I’m going home with you! Might
dialog: even stay the night if you got some pigfeet. You
dialog: got something in there to top them pigfeet, Rose?
dialog: Rosz: I’m cooking up some chicken. I got some chicken
text: and collard greens.
dialog: troy: Well, go on back in the house and let me and
dialog: Bono finish what we was talking about. This is men
dialog: talk. I got some talk for you later. You know what
dialog: kind of talk I mean. Go on and powder it up.
dialog: RosE: Troy Maxson, don’t you start that now!
text: TROY (PUTS HIS ARM AROUND HER): Aw, woman . . . come here.
dialog: Look here, Bono . . . When I met this woman
dialog: I got out that place, say, “Hitch up my pony,
dialog: saddle up my mare . . . there’s a woman out there
dialog: for me somewhere. I looked here. Looked there.
text: Saw Rose and latched on to her.” I latched on to
dialog: her and told her-I’m gonna tell you the truth-I
dialog: told her, “Baby, I don’t wanna marry, I just
dialog: wanna be your man.” Rose told me . . . tell him
dialog: what you told me, Rose.
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 9 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: rosz: I told him if he wasn’t the marrying kind, then
dialog: move out the way so the marrying kind could find me.
dialog: mox: That’s what she told me. “Nigger, you in my way.
dialog: You blocking the view! Move out the way so I can
dialog: find me a husband.” I thought it over two or three
dialog: days. Come back—
dialog: Rose: Ain’t no two or three days nothing. You was back
dialog: the same night.
dialog: troy: Come back, told her . . . “Okay, baby . . . but
dialog: I’m gonna buy me a banty rooster and put him out
text: there in the backyard... and when he see a
dialog: stranger come, he’1l flap his wings and crow. . .”
dialog: Look here, Bono, I could watch the front door by
dialog: myself . . . it was that back door I was worried
dialog: about.
dialog: ROSE: Troy, you ought not talk like that. Troy ain’t
text: doing nothing but telling a lie.
dialog: moy: Only thing is... when we first got mar-
dialog: ried . . . forget the rooster . . . we ain’t had
dialog: no yard!
dialog: pono: I hear you tell it. Me and Lucille was staying
dialog: down there on Logan Street. Had two rooms with the
dialog: outhouse in the back. I ain’t mind the outhouse
dialog: none. But when that goddamn wind blow through
dialog: there in the winter . .. that’s what I’m talking
dialog: about! To this day I wonder why in the hell I ever
dialog: stayed down there for six long years. But see, I
dialog: didn’t know I could do no better. I thought only
dialog: white folks had inside toilets and things.
dialog: 10
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 10 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: RosE: There’s a lot of people don’t know they can do
dialog: no better than they doing now. That’s just some-
dialog: thing you got to learn. A lot of folks still shop
dialog: at Bella’s.
dialog: mroy: Ain’t nothing wrong with shopping at Bella’s.
dialog: She got fresh food.
dialog: Rose: I ain’t said nothing about if she got fresh
dialog: food. I’m talking about what she charge. She
dialog: charge ten cents more than the A&P.
dialog: troy: The A&P ain’t never done nothing for me. I
dialog: spends my money where I’m treated right. I go
dialog: down to Bella, say, “I need a loaf of bread, I’11
dialog: pay you Friday.” She give it to me. What sense
dialog: that make when I got money to go and spend it
dialog: somewhere else and ignore the person who done
dialog: right by me? That ain’t in the Bible.
dialog: ROsE: We ain’t talking about what’s in the Bible. What
dialog: sense it make to shop there when she overcharge?
dialog: troy: You shop where you want to. I’11 do my shopping
dialog: where the people been good to me.
dialog: RosE: Well, I don’t think it’s right for her to over-
dialog: charge. That’s all I was saying.
dialog: Bono: Look here... I got to get on. Lucille be
dialog: raising all kind of hell.
dialog: roy: Where you going, nigger? We ain’t finished this
dialog: pint. Come here, finish this pint.
dialog: pono: Well, hell, I am. . . if you ever turn the bot-
dialog: tle loose.
dialog: 11
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 11 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: Troy hands him the bottle.
dialog: troy: The only thing I say about the A&P is I’m glad
dialog: Cory got that job down there. Help him take care
text: of his school clothes and things.
text: Rose straightens up. Cory is a sore
dialog: subject.
dialog: moy: Gabe done moved out and things getting tight
dialog: around here. He got that job... he can start
dialog: to look out for himself.
dialog: RoszE: Cory done went and got recruited by a college
dialog: football team.
dialog: moy: I told that boy about that football stuff. The
dialog: white man ain’t gonna let him get nowhere with
dialog: that football. I told him when he first come to me
dialog: with it. Now you come telling me he done went and
dialog: got more tied up in it. He ought to go and get
dialog: recruited in how to fix cars or something where he
dialog: can make a living.
dialog: RoszE: He ain’t talking about making no living playing
dialog: football. It’s just something the boys in school
dialog: do. They gonna send a recruiter by to talk to you.
dialog: He’ll tell you he ain’t talking about making no
dialog: living playing football. It’s a honor to be re-
dialog: cruited.
dialog: mroy: It ain’t gonna get him nowhere. Bono’ll tell you
dialog: that.
dialog: pono: If he be like you in the sports . . . he’s gonna
dialog: be all right. Ain’t but two men ever played base-
dialog: 12
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 12 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: ball as good as you. That’s Babe Ruth and Josh
dialog: Gibson. Them’s the only two men ever hit more
dialog: home runs than you.
dialog: mroy: What it ever get me? Ain’t got a pot to piss in
text: or a window to throw it out of.
dialog: Rosz: Times have changed since you was playing base-
dialog: ball, Troy. That was before the war. Times have
dialog: changed a lot since then.
dialog: troy: How in hell they done changed?
dialog: RosE: They got lots of colored boys playing ball now.
dialog: Baseball and football.
dialog: Bono: You right about that, Rose. Times have changed,
dialog: Troy. You just come along too early.
dialog: troy: There ought not never have been no time called
dialog: too early! Now you take that fellow... what’s
dialog: that fellow they had playing right field for the
dialog: Yankees back then? You know who I’m talking about,
dialog: Bono. Used to play right field for the Yankees.
dialog: Rose: Selkirk?
dialog: troy: Selkirk! That’s it! Man batting .269, under-
dialog: stand? .269. What kind of sense that make? I was
dialog: hitting .432 with thirty-seven home runs! Man
text: batting .269 and playing right field for the Yan-
dialog: kees! I saw Josh Gibson’s daughter yesterday. She
text: walking around with raggedy shoes on her feet.
dialog: Now I bet you Selkirk’s daughter ain’t walking
dialog: around with raggedy shoes on her feet! I bet you
dialog: that!
dialog: 13
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 13 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: RoszE: They got a lot of colored baseball players now.
dialog: Jackie Robinson was the first. Folks had to wait
dialog: for Jackie Robinson.
dialog: troy: I done seen a hundred niggers play baseball bet-
dialog: ter than Jackie Robinson. Hell, I know some teams
dialog: Jackie Robinson couldn’t even make! What you
dialog: talking about Jackie Robinson. Jackie Robinson
dialog: wasn’t nobody. I’m talking about if you could
dialog: play ball then they ought to have let you play.
dialog: Don’t care what color you were. Come telling me I
dialog: come along too early. If you could play
dialog: then they ought to have let you play.
text: Troy takes a long drink.
dialog: RosE: You gonna drink yourself to death. You don’t
dialog: need to be drinking like that.
dialog: troy: Death ain’t nothing. I done seen him. Done
dialog: wrassled with him. You can’t tell me nothing
dialog: about death. Death ain’t nothing but a fastball
dialog: on the outside corner. And you know what I’1l do
dialog: to that! Lookee here, Bono . . . am I lying?
text: Handing Bono the bottle, Troy picks up
text: the bat and takes a gentle whack at
text: the tethered ball. He assumes a
text: batter’s stance.
dialog: moy: You get one of them fastballs, about waist high,
text: over the outside corner of the plate where you
dialog: can get the meat of the bat on it
text: (he swings, smacking the ball hard:)
dialog: 14
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 14 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: And good God!
text: The ball flies in fast circles around the
text: tree limb. Troy looks up into the sky.
dialog: mroy: You can kiss it good-bye. Now, am I lying?
dialog: Bono: Naw, you telling the truth there. I seen you do
dialog: it.
dialog: mov: If I’m lying . . . that 450 feet worth of lying!
dialog: That’s all death is to me. A fastball on the out-
dialog: side corner.
dialog: RosE: I don’t know why you want to get on talking
dialog: about death.
dialog: troy: Ain’t nothing wrong with talking about death.
dialog: That’s part of life. Everybody gonna die. You
dialog: gonna die, I’m gonna die. Bono’s gonna die. Hell,
dialog: we all gonna die.
dialog: ROSE: But you ain’t got to talk about it. I don’t like
dialog: to talk about it.
dialog: troy: You the one brought it up. Me and Bono was
dialog: talking about baseball... you tell me I’m
dialog: gonna drink myself to death. Ain’t that right,
dialog: Bono? You know I don’t drink this but one night
dialog: out of the week. That’s Friday night. I’m gonna
dialog: drink just enough to where I can handle it. Then
dialog: I cuts it loose. I leave it alone. So don’t you
dialog: worry about me drinking myself to death. ’Cause I
dialog: ain’t worried about Death. I done seen him. I
dialog: done wrestled with him.
dialog: Rose could recite this story herself.
dialog: 15
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 15 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: mroy: Look here, Bono . . . I looked up one day and
text: Death was marching straight at me. Like Soldiers
dialog: on Parade! The Army of Death was marching straight
dialog: at me. The middle of July, 1941. It got real cold
dialog: just like it be winter. It seem like Death him-
text: self reached out and touched me on the shoulder.
dialog: He touch me just like I touch you. I got cold as
text: ice and Death standing there grinning at me.
dialog: RoszE: Troy, why don’t you hush that talk.
dialog: moy: I say . . . “What you want, Mr. Death? You be
dialog: wanting me? You done brought your army to be get-
dialog: ting me?” I looked him dead in the eye. I wasn’t
text: fearing nothing. I was ready to tangle. Just like
dialog: I’m ready to tangle now. The bible say be ever
dialog: vigilant. That’s why I don’t get but so drunk. I
dialog: got to keep watch.
dialog: Ros (To Bono): Troy was right down there in Mercy Hos-
dialog: pital. You remember he had pneumonia? Laying
text: there with a fever talking plumb out of his head.
dialog: troy: Death standing there staring at me . . . carrying
text: that sickle in his hand. Finally he say, “You want
dialog: bound over for another year?” See, just like
dialog: that . . . “You want bound over for another year?”
dialog: I told him, “Bound over hell! Let’s settle this
dialog: now!” It seem like he kinda fell back when I said
dialog: that, and all the cold went out of me. I reached
text: down and grabbed that sickle and threw it just as
dialog: far as I could throw it . . . and me and him com-
dialog: menced to wrestling. We wrestled for three days and
dialog: three nights. I can’t say where I found the strength
dialog: 16
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 16 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: from. Every time it seemed like he was gonna get
dialog: the best of me, I’d reach way down deep inside my-
dialog: self and find the strength to do him one better.
dialog: Rose: Every time Troy tell that story he find different
dialog: ways to tell it. Different things to make up
dialog: about it.
dialog: troy: I ain’t making up nothing. I’m telling you the
dialog: facts of what happened. I wrestled with Death for
dialog: three days and three nights and I’m standing here
dialog: to tell you about it... All right. At the end
dialog: of the third night we done weakened each other to
text: where we can’t hardly move. Death stood up,
text: throwed on his robe . . . had him a white robe
text: with a hood on it.
text: Troy mimics a Klansman’s hood. Bono laughs at
text: this; Rose does the same in spite of herself.
dialog: troy: He throwed on that robe and went off to look for
dialog: his sickle. Say, “I'll be back.” Just like that.
dialog: “I’11 be back.” I told him say, “Yeah, but
dialog: you gonna have to find me!” I wasn’t no fool. I
dialog: wasn’t going looking for him. Death ain’t nothing
dialog: to play with.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM—AFTERNOON
text: Lyons, 34, enters from the street,
text: guitar case in hand. He is troy’s son
dialog: from a previous marriage. Although he
dialog: fancies himself a musician, he is more
text: caught up in the rituals and “idea” of
dialog: 17
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 17 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: being a musician than in the actual
text: practice of the music. He hears troy’s
text: voice and heads to the back door,
text: where he stands, listening.
dialog: troy (o.s.): And I know he’s gonna get me. I know I
dialog: got to join his army . . . his camp followers.
dialog: But as long as I keep my strength and see him
dialog: coming... as long as I keep up my vigi-
dialog: lance . . . he’s gonna have to fight to get me. I
dialog: ain’t going easy.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACK YARD—AFTERNOON
dialog: Bono: Well, look here, since you got to keep up your
dialog: vigilance . . . let me have the bottle.
dialog: mroy: Aw hell, I shouldn’t have told you that part. I
dialog: should have left out that part.
dialog: RoszE: Troy be talking that stuff and half the time
dialog: don’t even know what he be talking about.
dialog: troy: Bono know me better than that.
dialog: pono: That’s right. I know you. I know you got some
dialog: Uncle Remus in your blood. You got more stories
dialog: than the devil got sinners.
dialog: troy: Aw hell, I done seen him too! Done talked with
dialog: the devil.
dialog: RoszE: Troy, don’t nobody want to be hearing all that
dialog: stuff.
text: Lyons comes out on the porch.
dialog: 18
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 18 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: iyons: Hey, Pop.
dialog: troy: What you come “Hey, Popping” me for?
dialog: iyons: How you doing, Rose?
text: He kisses her.
dialog: iyons: Mr. Bono. How you doing?
dialog: Bono: Hey, Lyons . . . how you been?
dialog: troy: He must have been doing all right. I ain’t seen
dialog: him around here last week.
dialog: RosE: Troy, leave your boy alone. He come by to see
dialog: you and you wanna start all that nonsense.
dialog: troy: I ain’t bothering Lyons.
text: Troy offers Lyons the bottle.
dialog: troy: Here . . . get you a drink. We got an under-
dialog: standing. I know why he come by to see me and he
dialog: know I know.
dialog: zyons: Come on, Pop... I just stopped by to say
dialog: hi. . . see how you was doing.
dialog: troy: You ain’t stopped by yesterday.
dialog: RosE: You gonna stay for supper, Lyons? I got some
text: chicken cooking in the oven.
text: As she heads toward the house, Rose
text: picks up Troy’s apron and gloves from
text: the back porch, carrying them inside.
dialog: iyons: No, Rose . . . thanks. I was just in the neigh-
dialog: borhood and thought I’d stop by for a minute.
dialog: 19
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 19 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: moy: You was in the neighborhood all right, nigger.
dialog: You telling the truth there. You was in the neigh-
dialog: borhood ‘cause it’s my payday.
dialog: Lyons: Well, hell, since you mentioned it . . . let me
dialog: have ten dollars.
dialog: mroy: I’1l be damned! I’1l die and go to hell and play
dialog: blackjack with the devil before I give you ten
dialog: dollars.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE—AFTERNOON
text: Troy heads into the house, making his
text: way up front to the sitting room.
text: Lyons pursues, Bono follows. Troy sits
text: on the sofa, watching Rose set the
dialog: table.
dialog: pono: That’s what I want to know about... that
dialog: devil you done seen.
dialog: Lyons: Pop done seen the devil? You too much Pops.
dialog: mroy: Yeah, I done seen him. Talked to him too!
dialog: RoszE: You ain’t seen no devil. I done told you that
dialog: man ain’t had nothing to do with the devil. Any-
dialog: thing you can’t understand, you want to call it
dialog: the devil.
dialog: troy: Look here, Bono . . . I went down to see Hertz-
dialog: berger about some furniture. Got three rooms for
dialog: two- ninety-eight. That what it say on the radio.
dialog: “Three rooms . . . two- ninety-eight.” Even made
dialog: 20
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 20 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: up a little song about it. Go down there . . . man
dialog: tell me I can’t get no credit. I’m working every
dialog: day and can’t get no credit. What to do? I got an
text: empty house with some raggedy furniture in it.
text: Cory ain’t got no bed. He’s sleeping on a pile of
text: rags on the floor. Working every day and can’t get
dialog: no credit. Come back here-Rose’1l tell you-madder
dialog: than hell. Sit down... try to figure what I’m
dialog: gonna do. Come a knock on the door. Ain’t been
dialog: living here but three days. Who know I’m here?
dialog: Open the door . . . devil standing there bigger
dialog: than life. White fellow . . . got on good clothes
text: and everything. Standing there with a clipboard in
dialog: his hand. I ain’t had to say nothing. First words
dialog: come out of his mouth was . . . “I understand you
dialog: need some furniture and can’t get no credit.” I
dialog: liked to fell over. He say, “I'll give you all the
dialog: credit you want, but you got to pay the interest
dialog: on it.” I told him, “Give me three rooms’ worth
dialog: and charge whatever you want.” Next day a truck
text: pulled up here and two men unloaded them three
dialog: rooms. Man what drove the truck give me a book.
dialog: Say send ten dollars, first of every month to the
dialog: address in the book and everything will be all
dialog: right. Say if I miss a payment the devil was com-
dialog: ing back and it’ll be hell to pay. That was fifteen
dialog: years ago. To this day . . . the first of the month
dialog: I send my ten dollars, Rose’1l1 tell you.
text: rose: Troy lying.
text: Rose returns to the kitchen. Troy’s
text: voice follows her. As she goes about
dialog: 21
scene_heading: 9780735217867 _Fences.indd 21 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: readying the food with a
dialog: perfectionist’s care:
dialog: mroy: I ain’t never seen that man since. Now you tell
dialog: me who else that could have been but the devil? I
dialog: ain’t sold my soul or nothing like that, you un-
dialog: derstand. Naw, I wouldn’t have truck with the
dialog: devil about nothing like that.
text: Rose brings a plate of cornbread to
text: the dining table. Lyons has his guitar
text: out, tuning it.
dialog: moy: I got my furniture and pays my ten dollars the
text: first of the month just like clockwork.
dialog: BoNo: How long you say you been paying this ten dol-
dialog: lars a month?
dialog: moy: Fifteen years!
dialog: Bono: Hell, ain’t you finished paying for it yet? How
dialog: much the man done charged you?
dialog: troy: Aw hell, I done paid for it. I done paid for it
dialog: ten times over! The fact is I’m scared to stop
dialog: paying it.
dialog: roszE: Troy lying. We got that furniture from Mr.
dialog: Glickman. He ain’t paying no ten dollars a month
dialog: to nobody.
dialog: troy: Aw hell, woman. Bono know I ain’t that big a
dialog: fool.
dialog: yons: I was just getting ready to say . . . I know
dialog: where there’s a bridge for sale.
dialog: 22
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 22 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: troy: Look here, I’1l tell you this . . . it don’t mat-
dialog: ter to me if he was the devil. It don’t matter if
dialog: the devil give credit. Somebody has got to give it.
dialog: RosE: It ought to matter. You going around talking
dialog: about having truck with the devil . . . God’s the
dialog: one you gonna have to answer to. He’s the one
dialog: gonna be at the Judgment.
text: Rose heads back into the kitchen.
dialog: Lyons: Yeah, well, look here, Pop... let me have
dialog: that ten dollars. I'll give it back to you. Bon-
dialog: nie got a job working at the hospital.
dialog: mroy: What I tell you, Bono? The only time I see this
dialog: nigger is when he wants something. That’s the
dialog: only time I see him.
dialog: iyons: Come on, Pop, Mr. Bono don’t want to hear all
dialog: that. Let me have the ten dollars. I told you
dialog: Bonnie working.
dialog: troy: What that mean to me? “Bonnie working.” I don’t
dialog: care if she working. Go ask her for the ten dol-
dialog: lars if she working. Talking about “Bonnie work-
dialog: ing.” Why ain't you working?
dialog: iyons: Aw, Pop, you know I can’t find no decent job.
dialog: Where am I gonna get a job at? You know I can’t
dialog: get no job.
dialog: troy: I told you I know some people down there. I can
dialog: get you on the rubbish if you want to work. I told
dialog: you that the last time you came by here asking me
dialog: for something.
dialog: 23
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 23 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: tyons: Naw, Pop. . . thanks. That ain’t for me. I
dialog: don’t wanna be carrying nobody’s rubbish. I don’t
dialog: want to be punching nobody’s time clock
dialog: mroy: What’s the matter, you too good to carry peo-
dialog: ple’s rubbish? Where you think that ten dollars
dialog: you talking about come from? I’m just supposed to
dialog: haul people’s rubbish and give my money to you
dialog: "cause you too lazy to work. You too lazy to work
dialog: and wanna know why you ain’t got what I got.
dialog: roszE: What hospital Bonnie working at? Mercy?
text: Lyons: She’s down at Passavant working in the laundry.
dialog: moy: I ain’t got nothing as it is. I give you that ten
dialog: dollars and I got to eat beans the rest of the week.
dialog: Naw . . . you ain’t getting no ten dollars here.
dialog: Lyons: You ain’t got to be eating no beans. I don’t
dialog: know why you wanna say that.
dialog: moy: I ain’t got no extra money. Gabe done moved over
dialog: to Miss Pearl’s, paying her the rent, and things
dialog: done got tight around here. I can’t afford to be
dialog: giving you every payday.
dialog: Lyons: I ain’t asked you to give me nothing. I asked
dialog: you to loan me ten dollars. I know you got ten
dialog: dollars.
dialog: roy (arrackinc) :Yeah, I got it. You know why I got it?
dialog: ‘Cause I don’t throw my money away out there in
dialog: the streets. You living the fast life . . . wanna
dialog: be a musician . . . running around in them clubs
dialog: and things . . . then, you learn to take care of
dialog: 24
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 24 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: yourself. You ain’t gonna find me going and asking
dialog: nobody for nothing. I done spent too many years
dialog: without.
dialog: Lyons: You and me is two different people, Pop.
dialog: troy: I done learned my mistake and learned to do
dialog: what’s right by it. You still trying to get some-
dialog: thing for nothing. Life don’t owe you nothing.
dialog: You owe it to yourself. Ask Bono. He’1ll tell you
dialog: I’m right.
dialog: iyons: You got your way of dealing with the world
dialog: I got mine. The only thing that matters to me is
dialog: the music.
dialog: troy: Yeah, I can see that! It don’t matter how you
dialog: gonna eat . . . where your next dollar is coming
dialog: from. You telling the truth there.
dialog: iyons (anNoveD): I know I got to eat. But I got to live
dialog: too. I need something that gonna help me to get
dialog: out of the bed in the morning. Make me feel like
dialog: I belong in the world. I don’t bother nobody. I
dialog: just stay with my music ‘cause that’s the only
dialog: way I can find to live in the world. Otherwise
dialog: there ain’t no telling what I might do. Now I
dialog: don’t come criticizing you and how you live. I
dialog: just come by to ask you for ten dollars... I
dialog: don’t wanna hear all that about how I live!
dialog: troy: Boy, your mama did a hell of a job raising you.
dialog: iyons: You can’t change me, Pop. I’m thirty-four years
dialog: old. If you wanted to change me, you should have
dialog: 25
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 25 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: been there when I was growing up. I come by to see
dialog: you... ask for ten dollars and you want to
dialog: talk about how I was raised. You don’t know noth-
dialog: ing about how I was raised.
dialog: RoszE: Let the boy have ten dollars, Troy.
dialog: troy (70 Lyons): What the hell you looking at me for?
dialog: I ain’t got no ten dollars. You know what I do
dialog: with my money.
dialog: (to Rose)
dialog: Give him ten dollars if you want him to have it.
dialog: Rose: I will. Just as soon as you turn it loose.
text: mRoy (REACHING IN HIS Pocker): There it is. Seventy-six
dialog: dollars and forty-two cents. You see this, Bono?
dialog: Now, I ain’t gonna get but six of that back.
dialog: ROSE: You ought to stop telling that lie. Here, Lyons.
text: She hands him the money.
text: LYONS (PACKING UP HIS GurTAR): Thanks, Rose. Look . . . I
dialog: got to run. . . I'll see you later.
dialog: mroy: Wait a minute. You gonna say, “thanks, Rose,”
dialog: and ain’t gonna look to see where she got that ten
dialog: dollars from? See how they do me, Bono?
speaker_heading: LYONS
dialog: 
dialog: I know she got it from you, Pop. Thanks. I’11
dialog: give it back to you.
dialog: troy: There he go telling another lie. Time I see that
dialog: ten dollars . . . he’1l be owing me thirty more.
dialog: Lyons: See you, Mr. Bono.
dialog: 26
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 26 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: ono: Take care, Lyons!
dialog: uyons: Thanks, Pop. I'll see you again.
text: Lyons is out the door.
dialog: troy: I don’t know why he don’t go and get him a de-
dialog: cent job and take care of that woman he got.
dialog: oso: He’1l be all right, Troy. The boy is still young.
text: troy: The boy is thirty-four years old.
dialog: Rose: Let’s not get off into all that.
dialog: Bono: Look here . . . I got to be going. I got to be
text: getting on. Lucille gonna be waiting.
text: Troy goes to Rose, puts his arm around
dialog: her.
dialog: troy: See this woman, Bono? I love this woman. I love
dialog: this woman so much it hurts. I love her so
dialog: much . . . I done run out of ways of loving her.
dialog: So I got to go back to basics. Don’t you come by
dialog: my house Monday morning talking about time to go
dialog: to work . . . ‘cause I’m still gonna be stroking!
dialog: Rose: Troy! Stop it now!
dialog: pono: I ain’t paying him no mind, Rose. That ain’t
dialog: nothing but gin-talk. Go on, Troy. I’1l see you
dialog: Monday.
text: Bono goes through the door. As he
text: does, Troy calls to him:
dialog: troy: Don’t you come by my house, nigger!
dialog: 27
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 27 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT PORCH—LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bono walks down the front steps as we
dialog: hear...
dialog: mroy (0.s.): I done told you what I’m gonna be doing.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY- TROY AND ROSE’S
scene_heading: BEDROOM DOOR—NIGHT
text: Camera slowly pushes in as we hear
text: sounds of lovemaking emanating from
dialog: inside as we cut to
scene_heading: INT. CORY’S ROOM—NIGHT
text: Teenager-messy, cleats and football
text: equipment, books and clothes strewn
text: about. On his desk, a photo of Cory
text: and Rose sits next to an envelope with
dialog: the logo of The Elizabeth City State
dialog: Teacher’s College.
text: Cory is in bed, pillow clamped over
text: his head to block the sounds of his
dialog: parents
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: The darkness fades to light as Rose is
dialog: heard singing:
dialog: 28
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 28 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: ROSE (v.0.): . . . Just ask Jesus to be a fence around
dialog: you,
dialog: And you never have to worry anymore.
dialog: Just bow down
dialog: Jesus be a fence all around me every day.
scene_heading: INT. TROY’S AND ROSE’S BEDROOM—
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: Rose’s singing hauls Troy up from a
dialog: deep slumber
dialog: RosE (0.8.): When you get burdened—
dialog: Jesus, I want you to protect me
dialog: As I travel on the way.
dialog: When you get lonely—
text: He gets slowly out of bed,
text: disoriented. He looks out of the
text: window. Rose is in the backyard,
text: hanging wet clothes on the line.
dialog: ROSE: Jesus be a fence all around me every day
dialog: Jesus, protect me
dialog: As I travel on my way.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND STORY LANDING—MORNING
text: Troy comes out of the bedroom. He sees
text: Cory’s bedroom door is closed.
dialog: 29
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 29 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD—MORNING
text: Troy comes out of the house feeling
text: like Superman. Rose is at the foot of
text: the porch steps, cranking laundry
text: through a mangle atop a bucket.
dialog: Rose: Morning. You ready for breakfast? I can fix it
dialog: as soon I finish hanging up these clothes.
dialog: troy: I got the coffee on. That’ll be all right. I’1l
dialog: just drink some of that this morning.
scene_heading: ROSE (CRANKING THE MANGLE): That 651 hit yesterday. That’s
text: the second time this month. Miss Pearl hit for a
dialog: dollar . . . seem like those that need the least
dialog: always get lucky. Poor folks can’t get nothing.
dialog: mroy: Them numbers don’t know nobody. I don’t know why
dialog: you fool with them. You and Lyons both.
dialog: Rose: It’s something to do.
dialog: moy: You ain’t doing nothing but throwing your money
dialog: away.
text: Rose stops wringing out the clothes
text: and takes him on.
dialog: Rose: Troy, you know I don’t play foolishly. I just
dialog: play a nickel here and a nickel there.
dialog: moy: That’s two nickels you done thrown away.
dialog: ROSE: Now I hit sometimes . . . that makes up for it.
dialog: It always come in handy when I do hit. I don’t
dialog: hear you complaining then.
dialog: 30
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 30 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: mox: I ain’t complaining now. I just say it’s foolish.
dialog: Trying to guess out of six hundred ways which way
dialog: the number gonna come. If I had all the money nig-
dialog: gers . . . these Negroes, throw away on numbers
dialog: for one week—just one week—I’d be a rich man.
text: Troy heads inside as Rose brings the
text: laundry basket to the line and hangs
dialog: it.
scene_heading: ROSE (T0 TROY IN THE KITCHEN): Well, you wishing and call-
dialog: ing it foolish ain’t gonna stop folks from play-
dialog: ing numbers. That's one thing for sure.
dialog: Besides . . . some good things come from playing
dialog: numbers. Look where Pope done bought him that
text: restaurant off of numbers.
text: Troy comes out, cup of coffee in hand.
dialog: troy: I can’t stand niggers like that. Man ain’t had
text: two dimes to rub together. He walking around with
text: his shoes all run over bumming money for ciga-
dialog: rettes. All right. Got lucky there and hit the
dialog: numbers
dialog: Rose: Troy, I know all about it.
dialog: troy: Had good sense, I'll say that for him. He ain’t
text: throwed his money away.
text: Troy goes down the steps toward the
text: ruined fence.
dialog: troy: I seen niggers hit the numbers and go through
dialog: two thousand dollars in four days. Man brought
dialog: him that restaurant down there . . . fixed it up
dialog: 31
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 31 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: real nice . . . and then didn’t want nobody to
dialog: come in it! A Negro go in there and can’t get no
dialog: kind of service. I seen a white fellow come in
text: there and order a bowl of stew. Pope picked all
dialog: the meat out the pot for him. Man ain’t had noth-
text: ing but a bowl of meat! Negro come behind him and
dialog: ain’t got nothing but the potatoes and carrots.
dialog: Talking about what numbers do for people, you
dialog: picked a wrong example. Ain’t done nothing but
dialog: make a worser fool out of him than he was before.
text: Rose comes out from behind the hanging
dialog: laundry.
dialog: RosE: Troy, you ought to stop worrying about what hap-
dialog: pened at work yesterday.
dialog: troy: I ain’t worried. Just told me to be down there
text: at the commissioner’s office on Friday. Everybody
dialog: think they gonna fire me. I ain’t worried about
dialog: them firing me. You ain’t got to worry about that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Where’s Cory? Cory in the house?
dialog: (loud)
speaker_heading: CORY!
dialog: RosE: He gone out.
dialog: troy: Out, huh? He gone out ‘cause he know I want him
dialog: to help me with this fence. I know how he is. That
dialog: boy scared of work. He ain’t done a lick of work
dialog: in his life.
dialog: 32
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 32 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: ROSE: He had to go to football practice. Coach wanted
dialog: them to get in a little extra practice before the
dialog: season start.
dialog: mroy: I got his practice . . . running out of here
text: before he get his chores done.
dialog: Rose: Troy, what is wrong with you this morning?
text: Troy grabs a shovel goes to a corner
dialog: of the yard.
dialog: Rose: Don’t nothing set right with you. Go on back in
dialog: there and go to bed . . . get up on the other side.
dialog: mroy: Why something got to be wrong with me? I ain’t
dialog: said nothing wrong with me.
dialog: ROSE: You got something to say about everything. First
dialog: it’s the numbers . . . then it’s the way the man
dialog: runs his restaurant . . . then you done got on
dialog: Cory. What’s it gonna be next? Take a look up
dialog: there and see if the weather suits you... or
dialog: is it gonna be how you gonna put up the fence with
text: the clothes hanging in the yard.
dialog: troy: You hit the nail on the head then.
dialog: Rrosz: I know you like I know the back of my hand. Come
dialog: on in here and get you some more coffee . . . see
dialog: if that straighten you up.
dialog: (going into the house)
dialog: "Cause you ain’t right this morning.
text: Troy starts to pace out the fence
dialog: 33
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 33 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: line . . . He stops at the sound of a
text: young girl’s shout which seems to come
text: from the abandoned house. Troy looks,
text: listens: Nothing. Then the unsettling
text: silence is broken by faint
dialog: singing
dialog: caprieL (0.s.): Yes, ma’am, I got plums
dialog: You ask me how I sell them
dialog: Oh ten cents apiece—Three for a quarter
dialog: Come and buy now .
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE ALLEY—MORNING
text: Troy heads up the dark alley toward
text: the street. The singing gets louder,
text: intermingled with children’s voices,
text: chanting, mocking the singer.
text: EXT. THE STREET IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE—
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: Troy sees his brother gabriel coming
text: down the street, followed by the
dialog: neighborhood kids. He is seven years
dialog: younger than troy. Injured in world
text: war ii, he has a metal plate in his
text: head. He carries an old trumpet tied
text: around his waist and believes with
dialog: every fiber of his being that he is the
text: archangel gabriel. He carries a
dialog: 34
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 34 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: chipped basket with an assortment of
dialog: discarded fruits and vegetables he has
text: picked up in the strip district and
text: which he attempts to sell.
scene_heading: GABRIEL (SINGING): ‘Cause I’m here today and tomorrow
dialog: I’1l be gone.
text: As the kids see Troy heading their
text: way, they scatter.
dialog: GABRIEL: There’s Troy . . . Hey, Troy!
dialog: troy: Hey, Gabe.
text: Rose comes out on the porch.
dialog: GABRIEL: Hey, Rose!
dialog: RosE: How you doing, Gabe?
text: She continues down the steps, past
text: Troy, and up to Gabe. Troy looks up
text: and down the street, embarrassed. One
text: or two old people are watching from
text: windows and stoops.
dialog: RosE: What you got there?
dialog: GABRIEL: You know what I got, Rose. I got fruits and
dialog: vegetables.
text: Rose looks through his basket,
text: treating the produce carefully.
dialog: RosE: Where’s all these plums you talking about?
dialog: aBRIEL: I ain’t got no plums today, Rose. I was just
dialog: 35
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 35 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: singing that. Have some tomorrow. Put me in a big
dialog: order for plums. Have enough plums tomorrow for
dialog: Saint Peter and everybody.
text: Gabriel shoots an anxious glance to
dialog: Troy.
dialog: carte, (70 Rost): Troy’s mad at me.
dialog: troy: I ain’t mad at you. What I got to be mad at you
dialog: about? You ain’t done nothing to me.
dialog: caBRIEL: I just moved over to Miss Pearl’s to keep
dialog: out from in your way. I ain’t mean no harm by
dialog: it.
dialog: mroy: Who said anything about that? I ain’t said any-
dialog: thing about that.
dialog: GABRIEL: You ain’t mad at me, is you?
dialog: troy: Naw . . . I ain’t mad at you, Gabe. If I was mad
dialog: at you I'd tell you about it.
dialog: GABRIEL: Got me two rooms. In the basement. Got my own
dialog: door too. Wanna see my key?
text: He fishes out a key on a string and
text: shows Rose and Troy.
dialog: caprigL: That’s my own key! Ain’t nobody else got a key
dialog: like that. That’s my key! My two rooms.
dialog: moy: Well, that’s good, Gabe. You got your own
dialog: key . . . that’s good.
dialog: RoszE: You hungry, Gabe? I was just fixing to cook Troy
text: his breakfast.
dialog: 36
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 36 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: caBRIEL: I’1l take some biscuits. You got some bis-
dialog: cuits?
text: Rose tries to lead Gabriel by the hand
text: into the house.
scene_heading: GABRIEL (10 ROSE): Did you know when I was in Heaven
dialog: every morning me and Saint Peter would sit down
dialog: by the Gate and eat some big fat biscuits?
text: Troy sees a pair of old ladies across
text: the street, whispering.
dialog: GABRIEL: Oh, yeah! We had us a good time. We’d sit
dialog: there and eat us them biscuits and then Saint Pe-
dialog: ter would go off to sleep and tell me to wake him
dialog: up when it’s time to open the Gates for the Judg-
dialog: ment.
dialog: Ros: Well, come on, I’1l make up a batch of biscuits.
dialog: caBRIEL: Troy . . . Saint Peter got your name in the
dialog: book. I seen it. It say... Troy Maxson. I
dialog: say... I know him! He got the same name like
dialog: what I got. That’s my brother!
dialog: troy: How many times you gonna tell me that, Gabe?
dialog: GapRIEL: Ain’t got my name in the book. Don’t have to
dialog: have my name. I done died and went to Heaven. He
dialog: got your name though. One morning Saint Peter was
text: looking at his book . . . marking it up for the
dialog: Judgment . . . and he let me see your name. Got it
dialog: in there under M. Got Rose’s name... I ain’t
dialog: seen it like I seen yours . . . but I know it’s in
dialog: there. He got a great big book. Got everybody’s
dialog: 37
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 37 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: name what was ever been born. That’s what he told
dialog: me. But I seen your name. Seen it with my own eyes.
dialog: mroy: Go on in the house there. Rose going to fix you
dialog: something to eat.
dialog: capRIEL: Oh, I ain’t hungry. I done had breakfast with
dialog: Aunt Jemimah. She come by and cooked me up a whole
dialog: mess of flapjacks. Remember how we used to eat
dialog: them flapjacks?
dialog: troy: Go on in the house and get you something to eat
dialog: now.
dialog: capRIEL: I got to go sell my plums. I done sold some
dialog: tomatoes. Got me two quarters. Wanna see?
text: He shows his quarters to Troy, then
dialog: pockets them.
dialog: GABRIEL: I’m gonna save them and buy me a new horn so
dialog: Saint Peter can hear me when it’s time to open the
dialog: Gates.
dialog: (turning with a sudden violence)
dialog: Hear that? Hear that? That’s the hellhounds. I
dialog: got to chase them out of here. Go on get out of
dialog: here! Get out!
dialog: (singing softly)
dialog: Well, all you hypocrite members,
dialog: You wasting your time away.
dialog: My God’s calling for workmens
dialog: And you had better obey.
dialog: (louder)
dialog: 38
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 38 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: Better get ready for judgment!
text: Gabriel walks away singing as
text: neighborhood kids give chase. Troy
text: starts after him, then stops, looking
text: at the old ladies, watching. He goes
text: into the house.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN—MORNING
text: Troy comes into the kitchen. Rose,
text: apron on, is making biscuit batter.
dialog: Ros: Where’s Gabe?
dialog: troy: He gone off somewhere.
dialog: ROSE: He ain’t eating right. Miss Pearl say she can’t
dialog: get him to eat nothing.
dialog: troy: What you want me to do about it, Rose? I done
dialog: did everything I can for the man. I can’t make him
dialog: get well. Man got half his head blown away
dialog: what you expect?
text: Troy pours himself a second cup of
dialog: coffee.
dialog: Rosz: Seem like something ought to be done to help him.
dialog: troy: Man don’t bother nobody. He just mixed up from
dialog: that metal plate he got in his head. Ain’t no
text: sense for him to go back into the hospital.
dialog: Rose: Least he be eating right. They can help him take
dialog: care of himself.
dialog: 39
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 39 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: troy: Don’t nobody wanna be locked up, Rose. What you
dialog: wanna lock him up for? Man go over there and fight
dialog: the war . . . messin’ around with them Japs, get
text: half his head blown off . . . and they give hima
dialog: lousy three thousand dollars. And I had to swoop
dialog: down on that.
dialog: Rose: Is you fixing to go into that again?
dialog: troy: That’s the only way I got a roof over my
dialog: head . . . ‘cause of that metal plate.
dialog: Rosz: Ain’t no sense you blaming yourself for nothing.
dialog: Gabe wasn’t in no condition to manage that money.
dialog: You done what was right by him. Can’t nobody say
dialog: you ain’t done what was right by him. Look how
dialog: long you took care of him. . . till he wanted to
dialog: have his own place and moved over there with Miss
dialog: Pearl.
dialog: moy: That ain’t what I’m saying, woman! I’m just
dialog: stating the facts. If my brother didn’t have that
dialog: metal plate in his head . . . I wouldn’t have a
text: pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of. And
dialog: I’m fifty-three years old. Now see if you can un-
dialog: derstand that!
text: He turns and goes to the front door.
text: He grabs his jacket and hat. Rose is
text: in the kitchen doorway, holding the
text: mixing bowl.
dialog: Rosz: Where you going off to? You been running out of
dialog: here every Saturday for weeks. I thought you was
dialog: gonna work on this fence?
dialog: 40
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 40 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: mroy: I’m gonna walk down to Taylors’. Listen to the
dialog: ball game. I’1l be back in a bit. I’11 work on it
dialog: when I get back.
text: He goes out the front door, closing it
text: hard. Rose looks down at the mixing
text: bowl, surprised that she’s holding it.
text: She goes to the kitchen trash can and
text: starts to dump the batter, but she
text: can’t. She sits at the table. She finds
text: the ball game on the radio. She gets a
text: metal cooking sheet, returns to the
text: table, wipes her hands and starts
text: lumping batter onto the sheet. Soon
text: her fingers are covered with batter.
text: She scrapes vigorously at her hands to
text: clean them, then stops, her hands
text: shaking. She exerts her will,
text: steadying them. CLOSE UP on her hands;
text: time passes, the light changes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN—DAY
dialog: cory (o.s.): Mama? You all right?
text: Two hours later. Rose sits, unmoving.
text: The lumps of dough on the sheet have
text: hardened. The game is still in
text: progress. She turns as if waking up.
text: Cory’s behind her in his muddy workout
text: clothes, holding his shoulder pads and
dialog: 41
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 41 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: cleats. Rose wipes her hands, switches
text: off the radio, then carries the baking
text: sheet to the trash can, scraping off
text: the ruined biscuits with a knife.
dialog: Rose: Your daddy like to had a fit with you running out
dialog: of here this morning without doing your chores.
dialog: cory: I told you I had to go to practice.
dialog: ROSE: He say you were supposed to help him with the
dialog: fence.
dialog: cory: He been saying that the last four or five Satur-
dialog: days, and then he don’t never do nothing, but go
dialog: down to Taylors’ . . . Did you tell him about the
dialog: recruiter?
text: He opens the refrigerator and imagines
dialog: the possibilities
dialog: RosE: Yeah, I told him.
dialog: cory: What he say?
dialog: Rose: He ain’t said nothing too much. You get up there
dialog: and get started on your chores before he gets
dialog: back. Go on and scrub down them steps before he
text: gets back here hollering and carrying on.
text: Rose tosses the baking sheet in the
dialog: sink.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT PORCH—LATER THAT DAY
text: Rose, dressed nicely, checks the front
text: door to make sure it’s locked. She
dialog: 42
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 42 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: ROSE
speaker_heading: ROSE
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: ROSE
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: ROSE
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: ROSE!
speaker_heading: ‘TROY:
speaker_heading: ROSE!
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: picks up a covered pie that she’s put
text: on one of the chairs. Troy comes
text: silently up the front steps, grabbing
text: Rose from behind. Startled, she jumps!
dialog: : Troy!
text: He laughs.
dialog: : Go on, now. You liked to scared me to death.
dialog: What was the score of the game? Lucille had me on
text: the phone and I couldn’t keep up with it.
dialog: What I care about the game? Come here, woman.
text: He tries to kiss her.
dialog: : I thought you went down Taylors’ to listen to
dialog: the game. Go on, Troy! You supposed to be putting
text: up the fence.
text: Attempting to kiss her again.
dialog: I’1l put it up when I finish with what is at
dialog: hand.
dialog: : Go on, Troy. I ain’t studying you.
text: Playfully chasing after her.
dialog: I’m studying you . . . fixing to do my homework!
text: He lunges again, grabs her.
dialog: Troy, you better leave me alone.
dialog: Where’s Cory? That boy brought his butt home yet?
text: He’s in the house doing his chores.
dialog: 43
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 43 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: roy (caLLING): Cory!! Get your butt out here, boy!
dialog: (with lust in his eyes)
dialog: When you coming back?
scene_heading: ROSE (ENJOYING THIS?) I’11 be right back.
dialog: roy: When?
dialog: Rose: I’m just going down the street.
text: As Rose leaves, Troy turns, climbs the
dialog: steps.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD—DAY
text: Troy comes out of the house. He goes
text: to the tarp covering the lumber. Cory
text: comes out onto the porch.
dialog: moy: You just now coming in here from leaving this
dialog: morning?
dialog: cory: Yeah, I had to go to football practice.
dialog: troy: Yeah, what?
dialog: cory: Yessir.
dialog: mox: I ain’t but two seconds off you noway. The gar-
dialog: bage sitting in there overflowing . . . you ain't
dialog: done none of your chores . . . and you come in
dialog: here talking about, “Yeah.”
dialog: cory: I was just getting ready to do my chores now,
dialog: Pop
dialog: 44
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 44 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: mroy: Your first chore is to help me with this fence
dialog: on Saturday. Everything else come after that. Now
dialog: get that saw and cut them boards.
text: Cory takes the saw and begins cutting
text: the boards. Troy continues working.
text: There is a long pause.
dialog: cory: Hey, Pop . . . why don’t you buy a TV?
dialog: troy: What I want with a TV? What I want one of them
dialog: for?
dialog: cory: Everybody got one. Earl, Ba Bra . . . Jesse!
dialog: troy: I ain’t asked you who had one. I say what I want
dialog: with one?
dialog: cory: So you can watch it. They got lots of things on
dialog: TV. Baseball games and everything. We could watch
dialog: the World Series.
dialog: troy: Yeah . . . And how much this TV cost?
dialog: cory: I don’t know. They got them on sale for around
dialog: two hundred dollars.
dialog: mroy: Two hundred dollars, huh?
dialog: cory: That ain’t that much, Pop.
dialog: mx: Naw, it’s just two hundred dollars.
dialog: (pointing with his pencil)
dialog: See that roof you got over your head at night?
dialog: Let me tell you something about that roof. It’s
dialog: been over ten years since that roof was last
dialog: 45
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 45 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: tarred. See now... the snow come this winter
dialog: and sit up there on that roof like it is... and
dialog: it’s gonna seep inside. It’s just gonna be a lit-
dialog: tle bit . . . ain’t gonna hardly notice it. Then
dialog: the next thing you know, it’s gonna be leaking all
dialog: over the house. Then the wood rot from all that
dialog: water and you gonna need a whole new roof. Now,
dialog: how much you think it cost to get that roof tarred?
dialog: cory (stops sawinc): I don’t know.
dialog: mroy: Two hundred and sixty-four dollars . . . cash
dialog: money. While you thinking about a TV, I got to be
dialog: thinking about the roof . . . and whatever else
dialog: go wrong around here. Now if you had two hundred
dialog: dollars, what would you do... fix the roof or
dialog: buy a TV?
dialog: cory: I’d buy a TV. Then when the roof started to
dialog: leak . . . when it needed fixing . . . I'd fix it.
text: Cory hurls a finished plank aside and
text: grabs the next one.
dialog: troy: Where are you gonna get the money from? You done
dialog: spent it for a TV. You gonna sit up and watch the
dialog: water run all over your brand-new TV.
dialog: cory: Aw, Pop. You got money. I know you do.
dialog: troy: Where I got it at, huh?
dialog: cory: You got it in the bank.
dialog: mRoy: You wanna see my bankbook? You wanna see that
dialog: $73.22 I got sitting up in there?
dialog: 46
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 46 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: cory: You ain’t got to pay for it all at one time. You
dialog: can put a down payment on it and carry it home
dialog: with you.
dialog: troy: Not me. I ain’t gonna owe nobody nothing if I
dialog: can help it. Miss a payment and they come and
dialog: snatch it right out your house. Then what you
dialog: got? Now, soon as I get two hundred dollars clear,
dialog: then I’1l buy a TV. Right now, as soon as I get
dialog: two hundred and sixty-four dollars, I’m gonna
dialog: have this roof tarred.
dialog: cory: Aw . . . Pop!
dialog: troy: You go on and get you two hundred dollars and
dialog: buy one if ya want it. I got better things to do
dialog: with my money.
dialog: cory: I can’t get no two hundred dollars. I ain’t
dialog: never seen two hundred dollars.
dialog: troy: I/1l tell you what . . . you get you a hundred
dialog: dollars and I’1l put the other hundred with it.
dialog: cory: All right, I’m gonna show you.
dialog: troy: You gonna show me how you can cut them boards
dialog: right now.
text: Cory begins to cut the boards. There
text: is a long pause.
dialog: cory: The Pirates won today. That makes five in a row.
dialog: mroy: I ain’t thinking about the Pirates. Got an all-
dialog: white team. Got that boy . . . that Puerto Rican
dialog: boy . . . Clemente. Don’t even half-play him.
dialog: 47
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 47 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: That boy could be something if they give him a
dialog: chance. Play him one day and sit him on the bench
dialog: the next.
dialog: cory: He gets a lot of chances to play.
dialog: moy: I’m talking about playing regular. Playing ev-
dialog: ery day so you can get your timing. That’s what
dialog: I’m talking about.
dialog: cory: They got some white guys on the team that don’t
dialog: play every day. You can’t play everybody at the
dialog: same time.
dialog: moy: If they got a white fellow sitting on the
dialog: bench . . . you can bet your last dollar he can’t
dialog: play! The colored guy got to be twice as good be-
dialog: fore he get on the team. That’s why I don’t want
dialog: you to get all tied up in them sports. Man on the
dialog: team and what it get him? They got colored on the
dialog: team and don’t use them. Same as not having them.
dialog: All them teams the same.
dialog: cory: The Braves got Hank Aaron and Wes Covington.
dialog: Hank Aaron hit two home runs today. That makes
text: forty-three.
dialog: troy: Hank Aaron ain’t nobody. That’s what you sup-
dialog: posed to do. That’s how you supposed to play the
dialog: game. Ain’t nothing to it. It’s just a matter of
dialog: timing . . . getting the right follow-through.
dialog: Hell, I can hit forty-three home runs right now!
dialog: cory: Not off no major-league pitching, you couldn’t.
dialog: troy: We had better pitching in the Negro leagues. I
dialog: 48
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 48 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: hit seven home runs off of Satchel Paige. You
dialog: can’t get no better than that!
dialog: cory: Sandy Koufax. He’s leading the league in strike-
dialog: outs.
dialog: troy: I ain’t thinking of no Sandy Koufax.
dialog: cory: You got Warren Spahn and Lew Burdette. I bet you
dialog: couldn’t hit no home runs off of Warren Spahn.
dialog: mroy: I’m through with it now. You go on and cut them
dialog: boards.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Your mama tell me you done got recruited by a
dialog: college football team? Is that right?
dialog: cory: Yeah. Coach Zellman say the recruiter gonna be
dialog: coming by to talk to you. Get you to sign the
dialog: permission papers.
dialog: troy: I thought you supposed to be working down there
dialog: at the A&P. Ain’t you supposed to be working down
dialog: there after school?
dialog: cory: Mr. Stawicki say he gonna hold my job for me
dialog: until after the football season. Say starting
dialog: next week I can work weekends.
dialog: troy: I thought we had an understanding about this
dialog: football stuff? You suppose to keep up with your
dialog: chores and hold that job down at the A&P. Ain’t
dialog: been around here all day on a Saturday. Ain’t
dialog: none of your chores done . . . and now you tell-
dialog: ing me you done quit your job.
dialog: 49
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 49 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: cory: I’m gonna be working weekends.
dialog: roy: You damn right you are! And ain’t no need for
dialog: nobody coming around here to talk to me about
dialog: signing nothing.
dialog: cory: Hey, Pop . . . you can’t do that. He’s coming
dialog: all the way from North Carolina.
dialog: troy: I don’t care where he coming from. The white man
dialog: ain’t gonna let you get nowhere with that foot-
dialog: ball no way. You go on and get your book-learning
dialog: so you can work yourself up in that A&P or learn
dialog: how to fix cars or build houses or something, get
dialog: you a trade. That way you have something can’t
dialog: nobody take away from you. You go on and learn how
dialog: to put your hands to some good use. Besides haul-
dialog: ing people’s garbage.
dialog: cory: I get good grades, Pop. That’s why the recruiter
dialog: wants to talk with you. You got to keep up your
dialog: grades to get recruited. This way I’1l be going
dialog: to college. I’1l get a chance
dialog: troy: First you gonna get your butt down there to the
dialog: A&P and get your job back.
dialog: cory: Mr. Stawicki done already hired somebody else
dialog: ‘cause I told him I was playing football.
dialog: mox: You a bigger fool than I thought... to let
dialog: somebody take away your job so you can play some
dialog: football. Where you gonna get your money to take
dialog: out your girlfriend and whatnot? What kind of fool-
dialog: ishness is that to let somebody take away your job?
dialog: 50
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 50 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: cory: I’m still gonna be working weekends.
dialog: my: Naw . . . naw. You getting your butt out of here
dialog: and finding you another job.
dialog: cory: Come on, Pop! I got to practice. I can’t work
text: after school and play football too. The team
dialog: needs me. That’s what Coach Zellman say
dialog: troy: I don’t care what nobody else say. I’m the
dialog: boss . . . you understand? I’m the boss around
dialog: here. I do the only saying what counts.
dialog: cory: Come on, Pop!
text: Troy comes right up to Cory, in his
dialog: face.
dialog: troy: I asked you . . . Did you understand?
dialog: cory: Yeah
dialog: 
dialog: troy: What
dialog: cory: Yessir.
dialog: moy: Yessir.
dialog: cory (pause): Can I ask you a question?
dialog: troy: What the hell you wanna ask me? Mr. Stawicki the
dialog: one you got the questions for.
dialog: cory: How come you ain’t never liked me?
dialog: troy: Liked you? Who the hell say I got to like you?
dialog: What law is there say I got to like you? Wanna
dialog: stand up in my face and ask a damn fool-ass ques-
dialog: 51
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 51 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: TROY
speaker_heading: TROY
speaker_heading: coRY
speaker_heading: TROY
speaker_heading: TROY
speaker_heading: coRY
speaker_heading: TROY
speaker_heading: coRY
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: CORY:
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: CORY:
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: CORY:
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: tion like that. Talking about liking somebody.
dialog: Come here, boy, when I talk to you.
text: Cory hesitates, then goes to Troy.
dialog: : Straighten up, goddamn it!
dialog: Cory does.
dialog: : I asked you a question . . . what law is there
dialog: say I got to like you?
dialog: : None.
dialog: : Well, all right then! Don’t you eat every day?
text: Cory looks down.
dialog: : Answer me when I talk to you! Don’t you eat ev-
dialog: ery day?
dialog: : Yeah.
dialog: : Nigger, as long as you in my house, you put that
dialog: sir on the end of it when you talk to me!
dialog: : Yes... sir.
dialog: You eat every day.
dialog: Yessir!
dialog: Got a roof over your head.
dialog: Yessir!
dialog: Got clothes on your back.
dialog: Yessir.
dialog: Why you think that is?
dialog: 52
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 52 11/15/16
speaker_heading: 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: cory: ‘Cause of you.
dialog: troy: Aw, hell, I know it’s ‘cause of me . . . but why
dialog: do you think that is?
dialog: cory (ugsrvanz): ‘Cause you like me.
dialog: troy: Like you? I go out of here every morning
dialog: bust my butt . . . putting up with them crackers
dialog: every day . . . ’cause I like you? You about the
dialog: biggest fool I ever saw. It’s my job. It’s my re-
dialog: sponsibility! You understand that? A man got to
dialog: take care of his family. You live in my house
dialog: sleep your behind on my bedclothes . . . fill you
dialog: belly up with my food . . . ‘cause you my son.
text: Rose is in the kitchen, listening
text: through the screen door.
dialog: troy: You my flesh and blood. Not ‘cause I like you
dialog: ‘Cause it’s my duty to take care of you. I owe a
dialog: responsibility to you! Let’s get this straight
dialog: right here... before it go along any fur-
dialog: ther... I ain’t got to like you. Mr. Rand
dialog: don’t give me my money come payday ‘cause he
dialog: likes me. He gives me ‘cause he owe me. I done
dialog: give you everything I had to give you. I gave you
dialog: your life! Me and your mama worked that out be-
dialog: tween us. And liking your black ass wasn’t part
dialog: of the bargain. Don’t you try and go through life
dialog: worrying about if somebody like you or not. You
dialog: best be making sure they doing right by you. You
dialog: understand what I’m saying, boy?
dialog: cory: Yessir.
dialog: 53
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 53 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: mroy: Then get the hell out of my face, and get on
dialog: down to that A&P.
text: Cory runs up the stairs, yanks open
text: the screen door to discover Rose,
text: standing there. He pushes past her,
text: letting the door slam. She comes out
text: onto the porch.
text: ROSE (COMING DOWN INTO THE YARD): Why don’t you let the boy
dialog: go ahead and play football, Troy? Ain’t no harm
dialog: in that. He’s just trying to be like you with the
dialog: sports.
dialog: moy: I don’t want him to be like me! I want him to
dialog: move as far away from my life as he can get. You
dialog: the only decent thing that ever happened to me. I
dialog: wish him that. But I don’t wish him a thing else
dialog: from my life.
text: He starts to put away the sawhorses.
dialog: mror: I decided seventeen years ago that boy wasn’t
dialog: getting involved in no sports. Not after what
dialog: they did to me in the sports.
dialog: RoszE: Troy, why don’t you admit you was too old to
dialog: play in the major leagues? For once... why
dialog: don’t you admit that?
dialog: troy: What do you mean too old? Don’t come telling me
dialog: I was too old. I just wasn’t the right color.
dialog: Hell, I’m fifty-three years old and can do better
dialog: than Selkirk’s .269 right now!
dialog: RoszE: How’s was you gonna play ball when you were
dialog: 54
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 54 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: over forty? Sometimes I can’t get no sense out
dialog: of you.
dialog: troy: I got good sense, woman. I got sense enough not
dialog: to let my boy get hurt over playing no sports. You
dialog: been mothering that boy too much. Worried about
dialog: if people like him.
dialog: Rose: Everything that boy do . . . he do for you. He
dialog: wants you to say, “Good job, son.” That’s all.
dialog: troy: Rose, I ain’t got time for that. He’s alive.
dialog: He’s healthy. He’s got to make his own way. I made
dialog: mine. Ain’t nobody gonna hold his hand when he
dialog: get out there in that world.
dialog: Rose: Times have changed from when you was young,
text: Troy. People change. The world’s changing around
dialog: you and you can’t even see it.
dialog: Roy (SLOW, METHODICAL): Woman . . . I do the best I can
dialog: do. I come in here every Friday. I carry a sack of
dialog: potatoes and a bucket of lard. You all line up at
dialog: the door with your hands out. I give you the lint
dialog: from my pockets. I give you my sweat and my blood.
dialog: I ain’t got no tears. I done spent them. We go up-
text: stairs in that room at night . . . and I fall down
dialog: on you and try to blast a hole into forever. I get
dialog: up Monday morning . . . find my lunch on the table.
dialog: I go out. Make my way. Find my strength to carry me
dialog: through to the next Friday. That’s all I got, Rose.
text: Troy starts into the house.
dialog: mroy: That’s all I got to give. I can’t give nothing
dialog: else!
dialog: 55
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 55 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: He goes inside. The door swings shut
text: behind him. Rose, alone, watching him
dialog: go.
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL—AFTERNOON
text: We’re moving at a rapid walking pace
text: looking up at a ceiling fresco of
dialog: wpa-era heroic worker figures laying
text: sewers. The sound of footsteps. The
text: camera pans down to catch the back of
text: a white deputy commissioner. He
text: hurries past various businessmen and
dialog: -women, all white, to find troy sitting
text: in the chair against the opposite
text: wall, looking nervous, hat in hand.
scene_heading: DEPUTY COMMISIONER: Mr. Maxson?
text: Troy stands.
scene_heading: DEPUTY CoMMISIONER: The commissioner will see you now.
text: Close up on Troy’s face.
speaker_heading: cut TO
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: In the black we hear Troy and Bono.
dialog: Bono (v.o.): He told him the same thing he told you.
dialog: Take it to the union.
dialog: 56
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 56 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: mroy (v.o.): (excited)
dialog: Brownie ain’t got that much sense. Man wasn’t
dialog: thinking about nothing. He wait until I confront
dialog: them on it... then he wanna come crying se-
dialog: niority.
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: ROSE! HEY ROSE!
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF TROY’S AND ROSE’S HOUSE—
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Troy peacocking, Bono walks beside
text: him. Across the street, a couple of
text: people look out of their windows.
dialog: Bono: I wish I could have seen Mr. Rand’s face when
dialog: he told you.
dialog: troy: He couldn’t get it out of his mouth! Liked to
dialog: bit his tongue! When they called me down there to
dialog: the commissioner’s office . . . he thought they
dialog: was gonna fire me. Like everybody else.
dialog: pono: I didn’t think they was gonna fire you. I thought
dialog: they was gonna put you on the warning paper.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE YARD—AFTERNOON
dialog: troy: HEY ROSE!
dialog: (to Bono)
dialog: Yeah, Mr. Rand like to bit his tongue.
dialog: 57
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 57 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: pono: I see you run right down to Taylors’ and told
dialog: that Alberta gal.
scene_heading: roy (CALLING): HEY ROSE!
dialog: (to Bono)
dialog: I told everybody. HEY ROSE!
dialog: (for Bono)
dialog: I went down there to cash my check.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD—CONTINUOUS
text: Rose sticks her head out of the
text: kitchen window.
dialog: Rose: Hush all that hollering, man! I know you out
dialog: here. What they say down there at the commission-
dialog: er’s office?
dialog: Roy (WITH MOCK PRIDE): You supposed to come when I call
dialog: you, woman. Bono’ll tell you that.
dialog: (to Bono)
dialog: Don’t Lucille come when you call her?
dialog: Rose: Man, hush your mouth. I ain’t no dog . . . talk
dialog: about . . . “come when you call me.”
text: Rose pulls her head back in and shuts
text: the window. Troy, still peacocking,
text: heads up the steps and makes a show of
text: opening the back porch door for her.
dialog: 58
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 58 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: TROY (LOUD FOR ROSE TO HEAR): You hear this, Bono? I had
dialog: me an old dog used to get uppity like that. You
dialog: say, “C’mere, Blue!” . . . and he just lay there
dialog: and look at you.
text: Rose hurries out onto the back porch.
dialog: 
text: End up getting a stick and chasing him away try-
dialog: ing to make him come.
dialog: Rose: I ain’t studying you and your dog. I remember
dialog: you used to sing that old song.
dialog: roy (HE siNcs:) Hear it ring! Hear it ring!
dialog: Had an old dog his name was Blue.
dialog: RosE: Don’t nobody want to hear you sing that old
dialog: song.
dialog: troy (sINGING): You know Blue was mighty true.
dialog: RosE: Used to have Cory running around here singing
dialog: that song.
dialog: Bono: Hell, I remember that song myself.
dialog: roy (SINGING): You know Blue was a good old dog.
text: Blue treed a possum in a hollow log.
dialog: That was my daddy’s song. My daddy made up that
dialog: song.
dialog: RosE: I don’t care who made it up. Don’t nobody wanna
dialog: hear you sing it.
text: TROY (MAKES A SONG LIKE CALLING A pos): Come here, woman.
dialog: Rose: You come in here carrying on, I reckon they
dialog: 59
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 59 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: ain’t fired you. What they say down there at the
dialog: commissioner’s office?
text: TROY (PUTS HIS ARM AROUND ROSE): Look here, Rose... Mr.
dialog: Rand called me into his office today when I got
dialog: back from talking to them people down there
dialog: it come from up top... he called me in and
dialog: told me they was making me a driver.
dialog: Rosz: Troy, you kidding!
dialog: troy: No I ain’t. Ask Bono.
dialog: Rose: Well, that’s great, Troy. Now you don’t have to
dialog: hassle them people no more.
text: Lyons comes out from inside.
dialog: moy: Aw hell . . . I wasn’t looking to see you today.
dialog: I thought you was in jail. Got it all over the
dialog: front page of the Courier about them raiding See-
dialog: fus’ place . . . where you be hanging out with
dialog: all them thugs.
dialog: 
dialog: Lyons: Hey, Pop... that ain’t got nothing to do
dialog: with me. I don’t go down there gambling. I go down
dialog: there to sit in with the band. I ain’t got nothing
dialog: to do with the gambling part. They got some good
text: music down there.
dialog: mrox: They got some rogues . . . is what they got.
dialog: tyons: How you been, Mr. Bono? Hi, Rose.
dialog: Bono: I see where you playing down at the Crawford
dialog: Grill tonight.
dialog: 60
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 60 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: ROSE: How come you ain’t brought Bonnie like I told
dialog: you. You should have brought Bonnie with you, she
dialog: ain’t been over in a month of Sundays.
dialog: Lyons: I was just in the neighborhood . . . thought
dialog: I'd stop by.
dialog: troy: Here he come
dialog: Bono: Your daddy got a promotion on the rubbish. He’s
dialog: gonna be the first colored driver. Ain’t got to do
text: nothing but sit up there and read the paper like
dialog: them white fellows.
text: Lyons comes down the steps and joins
dialog: them.
dialog: Lyons: Hey, Pop . . . if you knew how to read you'd be
dialog: all right.
dialog: Bono: Naw . . . naw. . . you mean if the nigger knew
dialog: how to drive he’d be all right. Been fighting with
dialog: them people about driving and ain’t even got a
dialog: license. Mr. Rand know you ain’t got no driver’s
dialog: license?
dialog: troy: Driving ain’t nothing. All you do is point the
dialog: truck where you want it to go. Driving ain’t
dialog: nothing.
dialog: Bono: Do they know you ain’t got no driver’s license?
dialog: That’s what I’m talking about. I ain’t asked if
dialog: driving was easy. I asked if Mr. Rand know you
dialog: ain’t got no driver’s license.
dialog: mroy: He ain’t got to know. The man ain’t got to know
dialog: 61
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 61 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: my business. Time he find out, I have two or three
dialog: driver’s licenses.
text: LYONS (GOING INTO HIS PocKET): Say, look here, Pop
dialog: troy: I knew it was coming. Didn’t I tell you, Bono?
dialog: I know what kind of “look here, Pop” that was. The
dialog: nigger fixing to ask me for some money. It’s Fri-
dialog: day night. It’s my payday. All them rogues down
dialog: there on the avenue . . . the ones that ain’t in
text: jail... and Lyons is hopping in his shoes to
dialog: get down there with them.
text: Lyons takes out a ten dollar bill and
text: holds it out to Troy.
dialog: Lyons: See, Pop . . . if you’d give somebody else a
dialog: chance to talk sometime—you’d see that I was fix-
dialog: ing to pay you back your ten dollars like I told
dialog: you. Here . . . I told you I’d pay you when Bon-
dialog: nie got paid.
dialog: moy: Naw . . . you go ahead and keep that ten dol-
dialog: lars. Put it in the bank. The next time you feel
dialog: like you wanna come by here and ask me for some-
dialog: thing . . . you go on down there and get that.
dialog: Lyons: Here’s your ten dollars, Pop. I told you I
dialog: don’t want you to give me nothing. I just wanted
dialog: to borrow ten dollars.
dialog: moy: Naw . . . you go on and keep that for the next
dialog: time you want to ask me.
dialog: Lyons: Come on, Pop . . . here go your ten dollars.
dialog: 62
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 62 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: Lyons tries again to hand the money to
dialog: Troy.
dialog: RosE: Why don’t you go on and let the boy pay you
dialog: back, Troy?
dialog: iyons: Here you go, Rose. If you don’t take it I’m
dialog: gonna have to hear about it for the next six
dialog: months.
text: He hands her the money.
dialog: Rose: You can hand yours over here too, Troy.
dialog: mroy: You see this Bono, you see how they do me?
dialog: Bono: Yeah, Lucille do me the same way.
text: Gabriel is heard singing
dialog: GABRIEL: Better get ready for the judgement!
dialog: Better get ready for
dialog: Hey! . . . Hey! There’s Troy’s boy!
dialog: Lyons: How you doing, Uncle Gabe?
dialog: GABRIEL: Lyons . . . The King of the Jungle!
text: He surveys the backyard, finding Rose,
text: who’s come to greet him.
dialog: caBRIEL: Rose . . . hey, Rose. Got a flower for you.
text: Gabe rummages in his basket till he
text: finds a torn-off branch of a rose vine.
text: He hands it to Rose.
dialog: GABRIEL: Picked it myself. That’s the same rose like
dialog: you is!
dialog: 63
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 63 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: RoszE: That’s right nice of you, Gabe.
dialog: Lyons: What you been doing, Uncle Gabe?
dialog: GABRIEL: Oh, I been chasing hellhounds and waiting on
dialog: the time to tell Saint Peter to open the Gates.
dialog: Lyons: You been chasing hellhounds, huh? Well
dialog: you doing the right thing, Uncle Gabe. Somebody
dialog: got to chase them.
dialog: GABRIEL: Oh, yeah . . . I know it. The devil’s strong.
dialog: The devil ain’t no pushover. Hellhounds snipping
dialog: at everybody’s heels. But I got my trumpet wait-
dialog: ing on the Judgment time.
dialog: Lyons: Waiting on the Battle of Armageddon, huh?
dialog: aBRIEL: Ain’t gonna be too much of a battle when God
dialog: get to waving that Judgment sword. But the peo-
dialog: ple’s gonna have a hell of a time trying to get
dialog: into Heaven if them Gates ain’t open.
text: LYONS (PUTTING HIS ARMS AROUND GABRIEL): You hear this, Pop?
dialog: Uncle Gabe, you all right!
text: GABRIEL (LAUGHING WITH LYoNs): Lyons! King of the Jungle.
dialog: RosE: You gonna stay for supper, Gabe? Want me to fix
dialog: you a plate?
dialog: GABRIEL: I’1l1 just take a sandwich, Rose. Don’t want
dialog: no plate. Just wanna eat with my hands. I’1l take
dialog: a sandwich.
dialog: ROSE: How about you, Lyons? You staying? Got some
text: short ribs cooking.
dialog: 64
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 64 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: Lyons: Naw, I won’t eat nothing till after we finished
dialog: playing.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You ought to come down and listen to me play,
dialog: Pop.
dialog: troy: I don’t like that Chinese music. All that noise.
dialog: ROSE: Go on in the house and wash up, Gabe... I’1l
dialog: fix you a sandwich.
scene_heading: GABRIEL (T0 LYONS AS HE GOES INSIDE): Troy’s mad at me.
dialog: Lyons: What you mad at Uncle Gabe for, Pop.
text: ROSE: He thinks Troy’s mad at him ’cause he moved over
dialog: to Miss Pearl’s.
dialog: troy: I ain’t mad at the man. He can live where he
dialog: want to live at.
dialog: Lyons: What he move over there for? Miss Pearl don’t
dialog: like nobody.
dialog: ROSE: She don’t mind him none. She treats him real
dialog: nice. She just don’t allow all that singing.
dialog: troy: She don’t mind that rent he be paying
dialog: that’s what she don’t mind.
dialog: Rose: Troy, I ain’t going through that with you no
dialog: more. He’s over there ’cause he want to have his
dialog: own place. He can come and go as he please.
dialog: troy: Hell, he could come and go as he please here. I
dialog: wasn’t stopping him. I ain’t put no rules on him.
dialog: 65
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 65 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: Rose: It ain’t the same thing, Troy. And you know it.
dialog: Now, that’s the last I wanna hear about that. I
dialog: don’t wanna hear nothing else about Gabe and Miss
dialog: Pearl. And next week
dialog: (Gabe calls from the kitchen)
dialog: 
dialog: caprieL (0.s.): I’m ready for my sandwich, Rose.
dialog: RoszE: And next week . . . when that recruiter come
dialog: from that school... I want you to sign that
dialog: paper and go on and let Cory play football. Then
dialog: that’1l be the last I have to hear about that.
text: mroy (10 Rosz AS SHE GOES INTO THE KITCHEN): I ain’t thinking
dialog: about Cory nothing.
dialog: LyoNs: What . . . Cory got recruited? What school he
dialog: going to?
dialog: moy: That boy walking around here smelling his
dialog: piss... thinking he’s grown. Thinking he’s
dialog: gonna do what he want, irrespective of what I
dialog: say. Look here, Bono . . . I left the commission-
dialog: er’s office and went down to the A&P... that
dialog: boy ain’t working down there. He lying to me.
dialog: Telling me he got his job back . . . telling me
dialog: he working weekends . . . telling me he working
dialog: after school . . . Mr. Stawicki tell me he ain’t
dialog: working down there at all!
text: Lyons: Cory just growing up. He’s just busting at the
dialog: seams trying to fill out your shoes.
dialog: mroy: I don’t care what he’s doing. When he get to the
dialog: 66
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 66 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: point where he wanna disobey me . . . then it’s
dialog: time for him to move on. Bono’ll tell you that. I
dialog: bet he ain’t never disobeyed his daddy without
dialog: paying the consequences.
text: Troy offers Bono the bottle. Bono
dialog: takes it.
dialog: pono: I ain’t never had a chance. My daddy came on
dialog: through . . . But I ain’t never knew him to see
dialog: him . . . or what he had on his mind or where he
text: went. Just moving on through. Searching out the
dialog: New Land. That’s what the old folks used to call
dialog: it. See a fellow moving around from place to
dialog: place... woman to woman... called it
dialog: Searching out the New Land. I can’t say if he ever
dialog: found it. I come along, didn’t want no kids.
dialog: Didn’t know if I was gonna be in one place long
dialog: enough to fix on them right as their daddy. I fig-
dialog: ured I was going searching too.
text: Bono sips, hands the bottle to Lyons,
text: who takes a big swig.
dialog: Bono: As it turned out I been hooked up with Lucille
dialog: near about as long as your daddy been with Rose.
dialog: Going on sixteen years.
dialog: troy: Sometimes I wish I hadn’t known my daddy. He
dialog: ain’t cared nothing about no kids. A kid to him
dialog: wasn’t nothing. All he wanted was for you to
dialog: learn how to walk so he could start you to work-
dialog: ing. When it come time for eating . . . he ate
dialog: 67
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 67 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: first. If there was anything left over, that’s
dialog: what you got. Man would sit down and eat two
dialog: chickens and give you the wing.
dialog: Lyons: You ought to stop that, Pop. Everybody feed
dialog: their kids. No matter how hard times is . . . ev-
dialog: erybody care about their kids. Make sure they
dialog: have something to eat.
dialog: troy: The only thing my daddy cared about was getting
dialog: them bales of cotton in to Mr. Lubin. That’s the
dialog: only thing that mattered to him. Sometimes I used
dialog: to wonder why he was living. Wonder why the devil
dialog: hadn’t come and got him. “Get them bales of cot-
dialog: ton in to Mr. Lubin” and find out he owe him
dialog: money
dialog: tyons: He should have just went on and left when he
dialog: saw he couldn’t get nowhere. That’s what I would
dialog: have done.
dialog: troy: How he gonna leave with eleven kids? And where
dialog: he gonna go? He ain’t knew how to do nothing but
dialog: farm. No, he was trapped and I think he knew it.
dialog: But I’ll say this for him. . . he felt a respon-
dialog: sibility toward us. Maybe he ain’t treated us the
dialog: way I felt he should have . . . but without that
dialog: responsibility he could have walked off and left
dialog: us . . . made his own way.
dialog: Bono: A lot of them did. Back in those days what you
text: talking about... they walk out their front
dialog: door and just take on down one road or another and
dialog: keep on walking.
dialog: 68
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 68 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: tyons: There you go! That’s what I’m talking about.
text: Troy offers Bono the bottle.
dialog: Bono: Just keep on walking till you come to something
dialog: else. Ain’t you never heard of nobody having the
dialog: walking blues? Well, that’s what you call it when
dialog: you just take off like that.
dialog: troy: My daddy ain’t had them walking blues! What you
dialog: talking about? He stayed right there with his
dialog: family. But he was just as evil as he could be.
dialog: My mama couldn’t stand him. Couldn’t stand that
dialog: evilness. She run off when I was about eight.
scene_heading: EXT. AN ALABAMA COTTON FIELD—DAY
text: A sharp colorless memory fragment:
text: TROY’S FATHER, A SHARECROPPER, SEEN FROM BEHIND AS
text: HE STEERS A PLOW PULLED BY A MULE.
dialog: troy (v.o.): She sneaked off one night after he had
dialog: gone to sleep. Told me she was coming back for me.
dialog: I ain’t never seen her no more. All his women run
dialog: off and left him. He wasn’t good for nobody.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD—AFTERNOON
dialog: troy: When my turn come to head out, I was fourteen
text: and got to sniffing around Joe Canewell’s daugh-
dialog: ter.
dialog: 69
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 69 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN—AFTERNOON
text: Rose sits next to Gabriel, eating a
text: sandwich, his trumpet on the table.
text: Rose is listening to Troy.
dialog: moy (0.s.): Had us an old mule we called Greyboy. My
dialog: daddy sent me out to do some plowing and I tied
text: up Greyboy and went to fooling around with Joe
dialog: Canewell’s daughter. We done found us a nice
dialog: spot, got real cozy with each other. She about
dialog: thirteen and we done figured we was grown any-
dialog: way... So we down there enjoying our-
dialog: selves . . . ain’t thinking about nothing.
text: EXT. A WOODS IN ALABAMA—DAY
dialog: Memory fragment, no color: The arms,
text: shoulders, legs of a teenaged girl,
text: pushing aside low-growing new foliage,
text: lying down on leaves; a quick glimpse
text: of a pretty face; her laughter heard
text: underneath Troy’s voice:
dialog: mroy (v.o.): We didn’t know Greyboy had got loose and
dialog: wandered back to the house and my daddy was look-
dialog: ing for me. We down there by the creek enjoying
dialog: ourselves when my daddy come up on us.
dialog: 70
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 70 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD—AFTERNOON,
dialog: troy: Surprised us. He had them leather straps off the
text: mule and commenced to whupping me like there was
dialog: no tomorrow. I jumped up, mad and embarrassed. I
dialog: was scared of my daddy.
text: EXT. A WOODS IN ALABAMA—DAY
text: Memory fragment: Troy’s father’s huge
text: arms tearing at branches, scrabbling
text: after something that’s scrambling away
text: from his grasping hands.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD—AFTERNOON
dialog: troy: When he commenced to whupping on me . . . quite
dialog: naturally I run to get out of the way. Now I
dialog: thought he was mad ‘cause I ain’t done my work.
dialog: But I see where he was chasing me off so he could
dialog: have the gal for himself. When I see what the
dialog: matter of it was, I lost all fear of my daddy.
dialog: Right there is where I become a man... at
text: fourteen years of age.
text: EXT. A WOODS IN ALABAMA—DAY
text: Memory fragment: The teenaged girl,
text: running, terrified, deeper into the
text: woods; Troy’s father’s back, his shirt
dialog: 71
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 71 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: being torn open by the stroke of a
text: leather reins; his arms raised against
text: further lashing.
dialog: troy (v.o.): Now it was my turn to run him off. I
dialog: picked up them same reins that he had used on me.
text: I picked up them reins and commenced to whupping
text: on him. The gal jumped up and run off . . . and
dialog: when my daddy turned to face me, I could see why
dialog: the devil had never come to get him
text: Troy’s father grabs the reins,
text: lowering his arms; a moment in which
text: we see his face for the first time.
dialog: moy (v.o.): . . . ‘cause he was the devil himself.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN—AFTERNOON
text: Gabriel stands with his trumpet,
text: sandwich in his other hand. Rose is
text: still sitting, transfixed.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD—AFTERNOON
dialog: mroy: I don’t know what happened. When I woke up, I
text: was laying right there by the creek, and Blue
dialog: this old dog we had . . . was licking my face. I
dialog: thought I was blind. I couldn’t see nothing. Both
text: my eyes were swollen shut. I laid there and cried.
dialog: I didn’t know what I was gonna do.
dialog: 72
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 72 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: He stops, lost someplace inside his
dialog: head.
dialog: troy: The only thing I knew was the time had come for
dialog: me to leave my daddy’s house. And right there the
dialog: world suddenly got big. And it was a long time
dialog: before I could cut it down to where I could handle
dialog: it.
text: Gabe comes out on the porch. A beat,
dialog: then:
dialog: Lyons: What you got there, Uncle Gabe?
dialog: GABRIEL: Got me a ham sandwich. Rose gave me a ham
dialog: sandwich.
dialog: troy: I don’t know what happened to him. I done lost
dialog: touch with everybody except Gabriel. But I hope
dialog: he’s dead. I hope he found some peace.
dialog: yons: That’s a heavy story, Pop. I didn’t know you
dialog: left home when you was fourteen.
text: The phone rings inside the house.
dialog: iyons: Fourteen’s kinda young to be out on your own.
dialog: I don’t know what I would have done.
dialog: troy: I got up from the creek and walked on down to
dialog: Mobile. I was through with farming.
dialog: (stands, goes to a safe place
text: his bat, leaning against the tree)
dialog: Figured I could do better in the city. So I
dialog: walked the two hundred miles to Mobile.
dialog: 73
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 73 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: tyovs: Wait a minute . .. you ain’t walked no two
dialog: hundred miles, Pop. Ain’t nobody gonna walk no
dialog: two hundred miles. You talking about some walking
dialog: there.
dialog: Bono: That’s the only way you got anywhere back in
dialog: them days.
dialog: tyons: Shhh. Damn if I wouldn’t have hitched a ride
dialog: with somebody!
dialog: mroy: Who you gonna hitch it with? They ain’t had no
dialog: cars and things like they got now.
text: Swinging his bat...
dialog: troy: We talking about 1918.
text: Rose comes out onto the porch.
dialog: Rose: What you all out here getting into?
dialog: roy (ro Rosz): I’m telling Lyons how good he got it.
dialog: He don’t know nothing about this I’m talking.
dialog: Rosz: Lyons, that was Bonnie on the phone. She say you
dialog: supposed to pick her up.
dialog: Lyons: Yeah, okay, Rose.
dialog: mroy: I walked on down to Mobile and hitched up with
dialog: some of them fellows that was heading this way.
dialog: Got up here and found out . . . not only couldn't
dialog: you get a job . . . you couldn’t find no place to
dialog: live. I thought I was in freedom. Shhh. Colored
text: folks living down there on the riverbanks in
dialog: whatever kind of shelter they could find for them-
dialog: 74
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 74 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: selves. Right down there under the Brady Street
text: Bridge. Living in shacks made of sticks and tar
dialog: paper.
dialog: Here we go.
dialog: troy: Messed around there and went from bad to worse.
dialog: Started stealing. First it was food. Then I fig-
dialog: ured, hell, if I steal money I can buy me some
dialog: food. Buy me some shoes too! One thing led to
dialog: another. Met your mama. I was young and anxious
dialog: to be a man. Met your mama and had you. What I do
dialog: that for?
text: Lyons is unsure if his father is
dialog: joking.
dialog: troy: Now I got to worry about feeding you and her.
dialog: Got to steal three times as much. Went out one day
dialog: looking for somebody to rob... that’s what I
dialog: was, a robber. I'll tell you the truth. I’m
dialog: ashamed of it today. But it’s the truth. Went to
dialog: rob this fellow . . . pulled out my knife
text: and he pulled out a gun. Shot me in the chest. It
dialog: felt just like somebody had taken a hot branding
dialog: iron and laid it on me. When he shot me I jumped
dialog: at him with my knife. They told me I killed him
dialog: and they put me in the penitentiary and locked me
dialog: up for fifteen years. That’s where I met Bono.
dialog: That’s where I learned how to play baseball. Got
dialog: out that place and your mama had taken you and
dialog: went on to make a life without me.
text: Lyons listens, completely absorbed.
dialog: 75
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 75 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: moy: Fifteen years was a long time for her to wait.
dialog: But that fifteen years cured me of that robbing
dialog: stuff.
dialog: (looking at Rose)
dialog: Rose’1ll tell you. She asked me when I met her
dialog: if I had gotten all that foolishness out of my
dialog: system. And I told her, “Baby, it’s you and base-
dialog: ball all what count with me.” You hear me, Bono?
dialog: I meant it too. She say, “Which one comes first?”
dialog: I told her, “Baby, ain’t no doubt it’s base-
dialog: ball . . . but you stick and get old with me and
dialog: we’ll both outlive this baseball.” Am I right,
dialog: Rose? And it’s true.
dialog: RoszE: Man, hush your mouth. You ain’t said no such
dialog: thing. Talking about, “Baby, you know you'll al-
dialog: ways be number one with me.” That’s what you was
dialog: talking.
dialog: troy: You hear that, Bono. That’s why I love her.
dialog: Bono: Rose’1l keep you straight. You get off the
dialog: track, she’ll straighten you up.
text: Rose heads to the kitchen.
dialog: ROSE: Lyons, you better get on up and get Bonnie. She
dialog: waiting on you.
dialog: Lyons: Hey, Pop, why don’t you come on down to the
dialog: Grill and hear me play?
dialog: troy: I ain’t going down there. I’m too old to be sit-
text: ting around in them clubs.
dialog: 76
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 76 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: Bono: You got to be good to play down at the Grill.
dialog: iyons: Come on, Pop
dialog: troy: I got to get up in the morning.
dialog: iyons: You ain’t got to stay long.
dialog: mroy (stanpinc): Naw, I’m gonna get my supper and go on
dialog: to bed.
dialog: Lyons: Well, I gotta go. I’1l see you again.
text: Lyons heads into the house.
dialog: troy: Don’t you come around my house on my payday.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN—LATE AFTERNOON
text: Rose is cooking.
dialog: ROSE: Pick up the phone and let somebody know you com-
dialog: ing. And bring Bonnie with you. You know I’m al-
text: ways glad to see her.
text: Troy and Bono come into the kitchen.
dialog: iyons: Yeah, I’1l do that, Rose. You take care now.
dialog: See you, Pop. See you, Mr. Bono.
dialog: (calling through the screen door)
dialog: See you, Uncle Gabe.
text: Gabe calls in from outside:
dialog: casrre, (0.s.): Lyons! King of the Jungle!
text: Lyons grabs his guitar and leaves.
dialog: 77
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 77 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: troy (m0 ROSE): Is supper ready, woman? Me and you got
dialog: some business to take care of. I’m gonna tear it
dialog: up too.
dialog: RosE: Troy, I done told you now!
text: Troy puts his arm around Bono.
dialog: mroy: Aw hell, woman... this is Bono. Bono like
dialog: family. I done known this nigger since . . . how
dialog: long I done know you?
dialog: Bono: It’s been a long time.
dialog: mroy: I done known this nigger since Skippy was a pup.
dialog: Me and him done been through some times.
dialog: Bono: You sure right about that.
dialog: mroy: Hell, I done know him longer than I known you.
dialog: And we still standing shoulder to shoulder. Hey,
dialog: look here, Bono . . . a man can’t ask for no more
dialog: than that. I love you, nigger.
dialog: Bono: Hell, I love you too . . . but I got to get home
dialog: see my woman. You got yours in hand. I got to go
dialog: get mine.
scene_heading: EXT. MAXSON HOUSE—FRONT PORCH
text: Bono goes out onto the front porch.
text: Troy follows. They stop when a helmet
text: comes flying in Troy’s direction. Cory
text: standing in the middle of the street,
text: dressed in his football uniform, he
dialog: 78
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 78 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: gives Troy a hard, uncompromising
dialog: look.
dialog: cory: What you do that for, Pop?
text: Rose comes out.
dialog: Rose: What’s the matter? Cory . . . what’s the mat-
dialog: ter?
dialog: cory: Papa done went up to the school and told Coach
dialog: Zellman I can’t play football no more. Wouldn’t
dialog: even let me play the game. Told him to tell the
dialog: recruiter not to come.
dialog: Rose: Troy
dialog: mroy: What you Troying me for. Yeah, I did it. And the
dialog: boy know why I did it.
dialog: cory: Why you wanna do that to me? That was the one
dialog: chance I had.
dialog: Rose: Ain’t nothing wrong with Cory playing football,
dialog: Troy.
dialog: troy: The boy lied to me. I told the nigger if he
dialog: wanna play football . . . to keep up his chores
dialog: and hold down that job at the A&P. That was the
dialog: conditions. Stopped down there to see Mr. St-
dialog: awicki
dialog: cory: I can’t work after school during the football
dialog: season, Pop! I tried to tell you that Mr. Stawic-
dialog: ki’s holding my job for me. You don’t never want
dialog: to listen to nobody. And then you wanna go and do
dialog: this to me!
speaker_heading: 719
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 79 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: troy: I ain’t done nothing to you. You done it to
dialog: yourself
text: Gabriel is standing across the street.
text: He lifts the trumpet to his lips and
text: tries to blow. No sound comes out.
dialog: cory: Just ‘cause you didn’t have a chance! You just
dialog: scared I’m gonna be better than you, that’s all.
text: Troy comes down onto the street. Cory
text: backs away a little.
dialog: troy: Come here.
text: Cory reluctantly goes over to Troy.
scene_heading: ROSE (COMING DOWN THE sTEPs): Troy
dialog: mroy: All right! See. You done made a mistake.
dialog: cory: I didn’t even do nothing!
dialog: mroy: I’m gonna tell you what your mistake was.
text: The football helmet is on the street
text: next to Troy. He kicks it with his foot
text: and sends it tumbling down the hill.
dialog: mor: See . . . you swung at the ball and didn’t hit
dialog: it. That’s strike one. See, you in the batter’s box
dialog: now. You swung and you missed. That’s strike one.
text: Troy closes the distance, his face
text: leering, terrifying. Cory tries not to
text: flinch. Troy hisses in Cory’s ear:
dialog: troy: Don’t you strike out!
dialog: 80
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 80 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD—THE FOLLOWING
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: CLOSE UP: We see a baseball swinging
text: like a pendulum, in and out of focus.
text: Cory is at the tree hitting the ball
text: with the bat. He tries to mimic Troy
text: but his swing is awkward, less sure.
text: Rose watches . . . Cory swings again,
dialog: misses.
dialog: RosE: Cory, I want you to help me with this cupboard.
dialog: cory: I ain’t quitting the team. I don’t care what
dialog: Poppa say.
dialog: Rose: I’1l talk to him when he gets back. He had to
dialog: go see about your Uncle Gabe. The police done ar-
dialog: rested him. Say he was disturbing the peace.
dialog: He’ll be back directly. Come on in here and help
dialog: me clean out the top of this cupboard.
text: Cory goes into house. Rose sees Troy
text: and Bono enter the backyard from the
text: side yard.
dialog: Rose: Troy . . . What they say down there?
dialog: troy: Ain’t said nothing. I give them fifty dollars and
dialog: they let him go. I'll talk to you about it.
dialog: Where’s Cory?
dialog: Rose: He’s in there helping me clean out these cup-
dialog: boards.
dialog: troy: Tell him to get his butt out here.
dialog: 81
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 81 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: Rose goes into the house. Troy and
text: Bono make their way over to the pile
dialog: of wood.
dialog: roy: All they want is the money. That makes six or
dialog: seven times I done went down there and got him.
dialog: See me coming they stick out their hands.
dialog: Bono: Yeah. I know what you mean. That’s all they care
dialog: about... that money. They don’t care about
dialog: what's right.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Nigger, why you got to go and get some hard
dialog: wood? You ain’t doing nothing but building a lit-
dialog: tle old fence. Get you some soft pine wood. That's
dialog: all you need.
dialog: rox: I know what I’m doing. This is outside wood. You
dialog: put pine wood inside the house. Pine wood is in-
dialog: side wood. This here is outside wood. Now you
dialog: tell me where the fence is gonna be?
dialog: Bono: You don’t need this wood. You can put it up with
dialog: pine wood and it’1ll stand as long as you gonna be
text: here looking at it.
dialog: troy: How you know how long I’m gonna be here, nigger?
dialog: Hell, I might just live forever. Live longer than
dialog: old man Horsely.
dialog: pono: That’s what Magee used to say.
dialog: moy: Magee’s a damn fool. Now you tell me who you
dialog: 82
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 82 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: ever heard of gonna pull their own teeth with a
text: pair of rusty pliers.
dialog: Bono: The old folks . . . my granddaddy used to pull
dialog: his teeth with pliers. They ain’t had no dentists
dialog: for the colored folks back then.
dialog: troy: Get clean pliers! You understand? Clean pliers!
dialog: Sterilize them! Besides we ain’t living back
dialog: then. All Magee had to do was walk over to Doc
dialog: Goldblum’ s.
dialog: They start to work... or not.
dialog: Bono: I see where you and that Tallahassee gal
dialog: that Alberta . . . I see where you all done got
dialog: tight.
dialog: troy: What you mean “got tight”?
dialog: Bono: I see where you be laughing and joking with her
dialog: all the time.
dialog: troy: I laughs and jokes with all of them, Bono. You
dialog: know me.
dialog: Bovo: That ain’t the kind of laughing and joking I’m
dialog: talking about.
text: Cory comes out from the house.
dialog: cory: How you doing, Mr. Bono?
dialog: troy: Get that saw from Bono and cut some wood. He
text: talking about the wood’s too hard to cut.
dialog: (to Bono)
dialog: 83
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 83 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: Stand back there, Jim, and let that young boy
dialog: show you how it’s done.
dialog: Bono: He’s sure welcome to it.
text: Cory goes to Bono, who hands him the
text: saw. Cory saws fast finishing in
text: seconds, puts the next board in place
text: and saws.
dialog: Bono: Whew-e-e! Look at that. Big old strong boy. Look
dialog: like Joe Louis. Hell, must be getting old the way
text: I'm watching that boy whip through that wood.
dialog: cory: I don’t see why Mama want a fence around the
dialog: yard noways.
dialog: mroy: Damn if I know either. What the hell she keeping
dialog: out with it? She ain’t got nothing nobody want.
dialog: Bono: Some people build fences to keep people out
text: and other people build fences to keep people in.
dialog: Rose wants to hold on to you all. She loves you.
dialog: moy: Hell, nigger, I don’t need nobody to tell me my
dialog: wife loves me. Cory . . . go on in and see if you
dialog: can find that other saw.
dialog: cory: Where’s it at?
dialog: troy: I said find it! Look for it till you find it!
text: Cory goes into the house. Troy turns
dialog: to Bono
dialog: troy: What’s that supposed to mean? Wanna keep us in?
text: BONO (BONO LEADS TROY OUT OF EARSHOT): Troy . . . I done
dialog: 84
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 84 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: known you seem like damn near my whole life. You
dialog: and Rose both. I done know both of you all for
dialog: a long time. I remember when you met Rose. When
dialog: you was hitting them baseballs out the park. A
dialog: lot of them old gals was after you then. You had
dialog: the pick of the litter. When you picked Rose, I
dialog: was happy for you. That was the first time I knew
dialog: you had any sense. I said... My man Troy
dialog: knows what he’s doing... I’m gonna follow
dialog: this nigger . . . he might take me somewhere. I
dialog: been following you too. I done learned a whole
dialog: heap of things about life watching you. I done
dialog: learned how to tell where the shit lies. How to
dialog: tell it from the alfalfa. You done learned me a
dialog: lot of things. You showed me how to not make the
dialog: same mistakes . . . to take life as it comes
text: along and keep putting one foot in front of the
dialog: other.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Rose a good woman, Troy.
dialog: troy: Hell, nigger, I know she a good woman. I been
dialog: married to her for eighteen years. What you got
dialog: on your mind, Bono?
dialog: Bono: I just say she a good woman. Just like I say
dialog: anything. I ain’t got to have nothing on my mind.
dialog: troy: You just gonna say she a good woman and leave
dialog: it hanging out there like that? Why you telling
dialog: me she a good woman?
dialog: Bono: She loves you, Troy. Rose loves you.
dialog: 85
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 85 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: troy: You saying I don’t measure up. That’s what you
dialog: trying to say. I don’t measure up ‘cause I’m see-
dialog: ing this other gal. I know what you trying to say.
dialog: pono: I know what Rose means to you, Troy. I’m just
dialog: trying to say I don’t want to see you mess up.
dialog: mroy: Yeah, I appreciate that, Bono. If you was mess-
dialog: ing around on Lucille I’d be telling you the same
dialog: thing.
dialog: Bono: Well, that’s all I got to say. I just say that
dialog: because I love you both.
text: Troy takes this in.
dialog: mroy: Hell, you know me . . . I wasn’t out there look-
dialog: ing for nothing. You can’t find a better woman
dialog: than Rose. I know that. But seems like this woman
text: just stuck on to me where I can’t shake her loose.
dialog: I done wrestled with it, tried to throw her off
dialog: me . . . but she just stuck on tighter. Now she’s
dialog: stuck on for good.
dialog: Bono: You’s in control . . . that’s what you tell me
dialog: all the time. You responsible for what you do.
dialog: moy: I ain’t ducking the responsibility of it. As
dialog: long as it sets right in my heart . .. then I’m
dialog: okay. ‘Cause that’s all I listen to. It’ll tell
dialog: me right from wrong every time. And I ain't
dialog: talking about doing Rose no bad turn. I love
dialog: Rose. She done carried me a long ways and I love
dialog: and respect her for that.
dialog: pono: I know you do. That’s why I don’t want to see
dialog: 86
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 86 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: you hurt her. But what you gonna do when she find
dialog: out? What you got then? If you try and juggle both
dialog: of them . . . sooner or later you gonna drop one
dialog: of them. That’s common sense.
dialog: mroy: Yeah, I hear what you saying, Bono. I been try-
dialog: ing to figure a way to work it out.
dialog: BoNo (LEANING IN. . .): Work it out right, Troy. I
dialog: don’t want to be getting all up between you and
dialog: Rose’s business . . . but work it so it come out
dialog: right.
dialog: troy: Aw hell, I get all up between you and Lucille’s
dialog: business. When you gonna get that woman that re-
dialog: frigerator she been wanting? Don’t tell me you
dialog: ain’t got no money now. I know who your banker is.
dialog: Mellon don’t need that money bad as Lucille want
dialog: that refrigerator. I’1l tell you that.
dialog: pono: Tell you what I’1l do... when you finish
dialog: building this fence for Rose . . . 1711 buy Lu-
dialog: cille that refrigerator.
dialog: troy: You done stuck your foot in your mouth now!
text: Troy stands up, grabs up a board and
text: begins to saw. Bono starts to walk out
dialog: of the yard.
dialog: mor: Hey, nigger . . . where you going?
dialog: Bono: I’m going home. I know you don’t expect me to
dialog: help you now. I’m protecting my money. I wanna
dialog: see you put up that fence by yourself. That’s
dialog: what I want to see.
dialog: 87
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 87 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: (climbing the steps)
dialog: You'll be here another six months without me.
dialog: mroy: Nigger, you ain’t right
dialog: Bono: When it comes to my money... I’m right as
text: fireworks on the Fourth of July.
text: mroy (CALLING AFTER HIM): All right, we gonna see now.
dialog: You better get out your bankbook
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT—AFTERNOON
text: Cory sits on a crate, doing curls with
text: barbells made from cans, cement and a
text: pipe, an old saw in the dirt at his
text: feet. Above him, Bono’s footsteps and
text: the kitchen door open and shut.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD—AFTERNOON
text: Troy continues to work. Rose comes out
dialog: from the kitchen
dialog: Rose: What they say down there? What’s happening with
dialog: Gabe?
dialog: mroy: I went down there and got him out. Cost me fifty
dialog: dollars. Say he was disturbing the peace. Judge
dialog: set up a hearing for him in three weeks. Say to
dialog: show cause why he shouldn’t be recommitted.
dialog: Rose: Well, what’s you say? What’d you tell the judge?
dialog: 88
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 88 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: troy: Told him I’d look after him. It didn’t make no
text: sense to recommit the man. He stuck out his big
dialog: greasy palm, and told me to give him fifty dollars
dialog: and take him on home.
dialog: Rose: Where’s he at now? Where’d he go off to?
dialog: troy: He’s gone on about his business. He don’t need
text: nobody to hold his hand.
dialog: RosE: Well, I don’t know. Seem like that would be the
dialog: best place for him if they did put him into the
dialog: hospital. I know what you're gonna say. But that’s
dialog: what I think would be best.
dialog: troy: The man done had his life ruined fighting for
dialog: what? And they wanna take and lock him up. Let him
dialog: be free. He don’t bother nobody.
dialog: RosE: Well, everybody got their own way of looking at
dialog: it I guess. Come on and get your lunch. I got a
text: bowl of lima beans and some cornbread in the
dialog: oven. Come on get something to eat. Ain’t no
dialog: sense you fretting over Gabe.
dialog: mroy: Rose . . . got something to tell you.
dialog: ROSE: Well, come on. . . wait till I get this food
text: on the table.
text: Rose turns to go into the house. Troy
text: follows.
dialog: 89
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 89 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN—AFTERNOON
dialog: Troy: Rose.
text: She turns around.
dialog: mroy: I don’t know how to say this.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I can’t explain it none. It just sort of grows
dialog: on you till it gets out of hand. It starts out
dialog: like a little bush . . . and the next thing you
dialog: know it’s a whole forest.
dialog: Rose: Troy . . . what is you talking about?
dialog: troy: I’m talking, woman, let me talk. I’m trying to
dialog: find a way to tell you . . . I’m gonna be a daddy.
dialog: I’m gonna be somebody’s daddy.
dialog: Rose: Troy . . . you're not telling me this? You're
dialog: gonna be . . . what?
dialog: troy: Rose . . . now... see
dialog: Rose: You telling me you gonna be somebody’s daddy?
dialog: You telling your wife this?
text: From out in the back yard, Gabriel
dialog: calls:
dialog: casRIEL (0.s.): Hey, Troy! Hey, Rose!
dialog: ROSE: I have to wait eighteen years to hear something
dialog: like this.
dialog: 90
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 90 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: Gabriel enters from the back porch. He
text: carries a rose in his hand.
dialog: GABRIEL: Hey, Rose . . . I got a flower for you.
dialog: (He hands it to her)
dialog: That’s a rose. Same rose like you is.
dialog: RosE: Thanks, Gabe.
dialog: GABRIEL: Troy, you ain’t mad at me is you? Them bad
dialog: mens come and put me away. You ain’t mad at me is
dialog: you?
dialog: troy: Naw, Gabe, I ain’t mad at you.
dialog: RosE: Eighteen years and you wanna come with this.
text: GABRIEL (TAKES A QUARTER OUT OF HIS POCKET): See what I got?
dialog: Got a brand-new quarter.
dialog: troy: Rose . . . it’s just
dialog: RosE: Ain’t nothing you can say, Troy. Ain’t no way
dialog: of explaining that.
dialog: GABRIEL: Fellow that give me this quarter had a whole
dialog: mess of them. I’m gonna keep this quarter till it
dialog: stop shining.
dialog: Rose: Gabe, go on up front now. I got some watermelon
dialog: in the Frigidaire. I’1l get you a piece.
dialog: GABRIEL: Say, Rose . . . you know I was chasing hell-
dialog: hounds and them bad mens come and get me and take
dialog: me away. Troy helped me. He come down there and
dialog: 91
scene_heading: 9780735217867 _Fences.indd 91 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: told them they better let me go before he beat
dialog: them up. Yeah, he did!
dialog: ROSE: You go on up front and I’1l get you a piece of
dialog: watermelon, Gabe. Them bad mens is gone now.
dialog: GABRIEL: Okay, Rose . . . gonna bring me some water-
text: melon. The kind with the stripes on it.
text: Gabriel goes up to the front room.
dialog: Then:
dialog: roszE: Why, Troy? Why? After all these years to come
dialog: dragging this in to me now. It don’t make no sense
dialog: at your age. I could have expected this ten or
dialog: fifteen years ago, but not now.
dialog: troy: Age ain’t got nothing to do with it, Rose.
dialog: RoszE: I done tried to be everything a wife should be.
dialog: Everything a wife could be. Been married eighteen
dialog: years and I got to live to see the day you tell
dialog: me you been seeing another woman and done fa-
dialog: thered a child by her. And you know I ain’t never
dialog: wanted no half-nothing in my family. My whole
dialog: family is half. Everybody got different fathers
dialog: and mothers . . . my two sisters and my brother.
dialog: Can’t hardly tell who’s who. Can’t never sit down
dialog: and talk about Papa and Mama. It’s your papa and
dialog: your mama and my papa and my mama
dialog: troy: Rose . . . stop it now.
dialog: roszE: I ain’t never wanted that for none of my chil-
dialog: dren. And now you wanna drag your behind in here
dialog: and tell me something like this.
dialog: 92
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 92 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: mRoy: You ought to know. It’s time for you to know.
dialog: RosE: Well, I don’t want to know, goddamn it!
text: Rose, suffocating, heads outside. Troy
text: follows.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT—AFTERNOON
text: Muffled sounds . . . Cory not sure what
text: he is hearing.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD—AFTERNOON,
dialog: mroy: I can’t just make it go away. It’s done now. I
dialog: can’t wish the circumstance of the thing away.
dialog: RosE: And you don’t want to either. Maybe you want to
dialog: wish me and my boy away. Maybe that’s what you
dialog: want? Well, you can’t wish us away. I’ve got
dialog: eighteen years of my life invested in you. You
dialog: ought to have stayed upstairs in my bed where you
dialog: belong.
dialog: troy: Rose . . . now listen to me . . . we can get a
dialog: handle on this thing. We can talk this out
dialog: come to an understanding.
dialog: Rose: All of a sudden it’s “we.” Where was “we” at
dialog: when you was down there rolling around with some
dialog: godforsaken woman? “We” should have come to an
dialog: understanding before you started making a damn
dialog: 93
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 93 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: fool of yourself. You’re a day late and a dollar
dialog: short when it comes to an understanding with me.
dialog: moy: It’s just... She gives me a different
dialog: idea... a different understanding about my-
dialog: self. I can step out of this house and get away
dialog: from the pressures and problems . . . be a dif-
dialog: ferent man. I ain’t got to wonder how I’m gonna
dialog: pay the bills or get the roof fixed. I can just be
dialog: a part of myself that I ain’t never been.
dialog: Rose: What I want to know . . . is do you plan to con-
dialog: tinue seeing her. That’s all you can say to me.
dialog: mroy: I can sit up in her house and laugh. Do you un-
dialog: derstand what I’m saying. I can laugh out
text: loud . . . and it feels good. It reaches all the
text: way down to the bottom of my shoes.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Rose, I can’t give that up.
dialog: RoszE: Maybe you ought to go on and stay down there
dialog: with her . . . if she a better woman than me.
dialog: moy: It ain’t about nobody being a better woman or
dialog: nothing. Rose, you ain’t to blame. A man couldn't
dialog: ask for no woman to be a better wife than you've
dialog: been. I’m responsible for it. I done locked my-
dialog: self into a pattern trying to take care of you all
dialog: that I forgot about myself.
dialog: Rosz: What the hell was I there for? That was my job,
dialog: not somebody else’s.
dialog: 94
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 94 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: troy: Rose, I done tried all my life to live de-
dialog: cent... to live a clean... hard... use-
dialog: ful life. I tried to be a good husband to you. In
dialog: every way I knew how. Maybe I come into the world
dialog: backwards, I don’t know. But . . . You born with
dialog: two strikes on you before you come to the plate.
dialog: You got to guard it closely . . . always looking
dialog: for the curveball on the inside corner. You can’t
dialog: afford to let none get past you. You can’t afford
dialog: a call strike.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM—AFTERNOON
text: Gabriel sits, immobile.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD—CONTINUOUS
dialog: mroy: If you going down . . . you going down swing-
dialog: ing. Everything lined up against you. What you
dialog: gonna do. I fooled them, Rose. I bunted. When I
dialog: found you and Cory and a halfway decent job
dialog: I was safe. Couldn’t nothing touch me. I wasn’t
dialog: gonna strike out no more. I wasn’t going back to
dialog: the penitentiary. I wasn’t gonna lay in the
dialog: streets with a bottle of wine. I was safe. I had
dialog: me a family. A job. I wasn’t gonna get that last
dialog: strike. I was on first looking for one of them boys
dialog: to knock me in. To get me home.
dialog: RosE: You should have stayed in my bed, Troy.
dialog: 95
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 95 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: mroy: Then when I saw that gal . . . she firmed up my
dialog: backbone. And I got to thinking that if I
dialog: tried . . . I just might be able to steal second.
dialog: Do you understand, after eighteen years I wanted
dialog: to steal second.
dialog: ROSE: You should have held me tight. You should have
dialog: grabbed me and held on.
dialog: mroy: I stood on first base for eighteen years and I
dialog: thought . . . well, goddamn it... go on for
dialog: it!
dialog: Rosz: We’re not talking about baseball! We’re talking
dialog: about you going off to lay in bed with another
dialog: woman . . . and then bring it home to me. That's
dialog: what we’re talking about. We ain’t talking about
dialog: no baseball.
dialog: troy: Rose, you're not listening to me. I’m trying the
dialog: best I can to explain it to you. It’s not easy for
dialog: me to admit that I been standing in the same place
dialog: for eighteen years.
dialog: rosz: I been standing with you! I been right here with
dialog: you, Troy. I got a life too. I gave eighteen years
dialog: of my life to stand in the same spot with you.
dialog: Don’t you think I ever wanted other things? Don’t
dialog: you think I had dreams and hopes? What about my
dialog: life? What about me? Don’t you think it ever
dialog: crossed my mind to want to know other men? That I
dialog: wanted to lay up somewhere and forget about my
dialog: responsibilities? That I wanted someone to make
dialog: me laugh so I could feel good?
dialog: 96
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 96 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT
text: Cory moves toward the basement window,
text: trying to hear his mother and father.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD—CONTINUOUS
dialog: RosE: You not the only one who’s got wants and needs.
dialog: But I held on to you, Troy. I took all my feel-
dialog: ings, my wants and needs, my dreams . . . and I
dialog: buried them inside you. I planted a seed and
dialog: watched and prayed over it. I planted myself in-
dialog: side you and waited to bloom. And it didn’t take
dialog: me no eighteen years to find out the soil was hard
dialog: and rocky and it wasn’t never gonna bloom.
scene_heading: INT. THE FRONT ROOM
text: Gabriel lifts up his trumpet, holds it
text: high in trembling hands. His mouth is
text: wide-open.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD—CONTINUOUS
dialog: RosE: But I held on to you, Troy. I held you tighter.
dialog: You was my husband. I owed you everything I had.
dialog: Every part of me I could find to give you. And up-
dialog: stairs in that room . . . with the darkness fall-
dialog: ing in on me . . . I gave everything I had to try
dialog: and erase the doubt that you wasn’t the finest man
dialog: 97
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 97 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: ROSE:
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: ROSE:
speaker_heading: TROY
speaker_heading: ROSE
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: CORY:
speaker_heading: ROSE:
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: in the world, and wherever you was going... I
dialog: wanted to be there with you. ’Cause you was my
dialog: husband. ‘Cause that’s the only way I was gonna
dialog: survive as your wife. You always talking about
dialog: what you give . . . and what you don’t have to
dialog: give. But you take too. You take . . . and don’t
dialog: even know nobody’s giving!
text: Rose heads toward the house. Troy
text: grabs her arm.
dialog: You say I take and don’t give!
dialog: Troy! You’re hurting me!
dialog: You say I take and don’t give.
dialog: Troy . . . you’re hurting my arm! Let go.
dialog: : I done give you everything I got. Don’t you tell
dialog: that lie on me.
dialog: : Troy!
dialog: Don’t you tell that lie on me!
text: Cory rushing out of the house.
dialog: Mama!
dialog: Troy. You're hurting me.
dialog: Don’t you tell me about no taking and giving.
text: Cory comes up from behind Troy and
text: tries to tackle him. Troy, surprised,
text: is thrown off balance just as Cory
text: throws a glancing blow that catches
dialog: 98
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 98 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: him on the chest and knocks him down.
text: Troy is stunned, as is Cory.
dialog: Rose: Troy. Troy. No!
text: Troy gets to his feet and starts at
dialog: Cory.
dialog: Rose: Troy . . . no. Please! Troy!
text: Rose pulls on Troy to hold him back.
text: Troy stops himself.
dialog: troy (70 cory): All right. That’s strike two. You stay
dialog: away from around me, boy. Don’t you strike out.
dialog: You living with a full count. DON’T YOU STRIKE
dialog: out!
scene_heading: SIX MONTH SEQUENCE
dialog: We hear Little Jimmy Scott’s “Day By
dialog: Day Somewhere
text: Dead leaves falling.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD
text: Early winter, the first fence posts are
dialog: up.
dialog: 
text: Cory works out feverishly.
dialog: 99
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 99 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD
text: Winter, snow. Cross beams connect the
text: posts, and the first vertical pickets
text: begin to shut out the abandoned house.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: An empty room, the table is set.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD—NIGHT
text: Troy bundled against the lingering
text: cold, works alone. Rose watches him
text: from the kitchen window.
scene_heading: INT. TAYLORS’ BAR
text: Troy drinks heavily in a crowded bar.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD
dialog: March: More pickets, the fence half
dialog: done.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: Rose kneeling in prayer.
dialog: 100
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 100 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY
text: Gabe sits among the tombstones eating
dialog: a sandwich.
text: EXT. THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE—
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: It’s early April, and the weather’s
text: cool. Rose, looking tired, wears a
text: light jacket and scarf over her head.
text: She locks the front door and starts
text: down the steps. She stops to pull
text: weeds from among the daffodils she’s
text: growing in the planter-cans.
scene_heading: EXT. SANITATION YARD—LATER THAT.
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Men stream out of the garage, Troy
text: among them. He sees something that
text: makes him stop. Rose is across the
text: street, waiting for him. He crosses
text: the street slowly. They stand looking
dialog: at one another; Then:
dialog: Rose: Troy, I want to talk to you.
dialog: troy: All of a sudden, after all this time, you want
dialog: to talk to me, huh? You ain’t wanted to talk to
dialog: me for months. You ain’t wanted to talk to me last
dialog: 101
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 101 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: night. You ain’t wanted no part of me then. What
dialog: you wanna talk to me about now?
text: Rose looks around at the men who
text: glance at her and Troy as they pass
dialog: by.
text: ROSE: Tomorrow’s Friday.
dialog: troy: I know what day tomorrow is. You think I don’t
dialog: know tomorrow’s Friday? My whole life I ain’t
dialog: done nothing but look to see Friday coming and
dialog: you got to tell me it’s Friday.
dialog: RoszE: I want to know if you’re coming home.
dialog: troy: I always come home, Rose. You know that. There
dialog: ain’t never been a night I ain’t come home.
dialog: Rose: That ain’t what I mean . . . and you know it. I
dialog: want to know if you’re coming straight home after
dialog: work.
dialog: mroy: I figure I’d cash my check . . . hang out at Tay-
dialog: lors’ with the boys . . . maybe play a game of
dialog: checkers
dialog: rosz: Troy, I can’t live like this. I won’t live like
dialog: this. You livin’ on borrowed time with me. It’s
dialog: been going on six months now you ain’t been com-
dialog: ing home.
dialog: moy: I be home every night. Every night of the year.
dialog: That’s 365 days.
dialog: Rose: I want you to come home tomorrow after work.
dialog: 102
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 102 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: troy: Rose . . . I don’t mess up my pay. You know that
dialog: now. I take my pay and I give it to you. I don’t
dialog: have no money but what you give me back. I just
dialog: want to have a little time to myself . . . a lit-
dialog: tle time to enjoy life.
dialog: Rose: What about me? When’s my time to enjoy life.
dialog: mroy: I don’t know what to tell you, Rose. I’m doing
dialog: the best I can.
dialog: RosE: You ain’t been coming home from work but time
dialog: enough to change your clothes and run out
dialog: and you wanna call that the best you can do?
dialog: troy: I’m going over to the hospital to see Alberta.
dialog: She went into the hospital this afternoon. Look
dialog: like she might have the baby early. I won’t be
dialog: gone long.
text: Troy starts to walk away.
scene_heading: ROSE (STOPPING HIM): Well, you ought to know. They went
dialog: over to Miss Pearl’s and got Gabe today. She said
dialog: you told them to go ahead and lock him up.
text: He comes back.
dialog: troy: I ain’t said no such thing. Whoever told you
dialog: that is telling a lie. Pearl ain’t doing nothing
dialog: but telling a big fat lie.
dialog: ROSE: She ain’t had to tell me. I read it on the pa-
dialog: pers.
dialog: roy: I ain’t told them nothing of the kind.
dialog: 103
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 103 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: Rose: I saw it right there on the papers.
dialog: roy: What it say, huh?
dialog: RoszE: It said you told them to take him.
dialog: mroy: Then they screwed that up, just the way they
dialog: screw up everything. I ain’t worried about what
dialog: they got on the paper.
dialog: Rosz: Say the government send part of his check to the
dialog: hospital and the other part to you.
dialog: troy: I ain’t got nothing to do with that if that’s
dialog: the way it works. I ain’t made up the rules about
dialog: how it work.
dialog: Rose: You did Gabe just like you did Cory. You wouldn’t
dialog: sign the paper for Cory . . . but you signed for
dialog: Gabe. You signed that paper.
dialog: mroy: I told you I ain’t signed nothing, woman! The
dialog: only thing I signed was the release form. Hell, I
dialog: can’t read, I don’t know what they had on that
dialog: paper! I ain’t signed nothing about sending Gabe
dialog: away.
text: A few men from the garage are watching
text: across the street.
dialog: RoszE: I said send him to the hospital . . . you said
dialog: let him be free... now you done went down
dialog: there and signed him to the hospital for half his
dialog: money. You went back on yourself, Troy. You gonna
dialog: have to answer for that.
dialog: moy: See now . . . you been over there talking to
dialog: 104
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 104 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: Miss Pearl. She done got mad ’cause she ain’t
dialog: getting Gabe’s rent money. That’s all it is.
dialog: She’s liable to say anything.
dialog: Rose: Troy, I seen where you signed the paper.
dialog: troy: You ain’t seen nothing I signed. What she doing
dialog: got papers on my brother anyway? Miss Pearl tell-
dialog: ing a big fat lie. And I’m gonna tell her about
dialog: it too!
text: Troy starts to walk away... Turns
dialog: around
dialog: troy: You ain’t seen nothing I signed! Say . . . you
dialog: ain’t seen nothing I signed!
text: Rose disappointed, walks away.
text: CLOSE UP on Troy, we hear a phone
dialog: ringing as we cut to
scene_heading: INT. DAY ROOM—WESTERN PSYCHIATRIC
speaker_heading: HOSPITAL—DAY
text: The ringing phone continues over this:
text: CLOSE UP on Gabe, hospital pajamas,
text: cleaned up, haggard, sedated. A hand
text: brings a spoonful of mashed carrots to
text: Gabe’s lips. He opens his mouth. A
text: ruckus in the corridor outside scares
text: him; he closes his mouth. Then he
text: looks at the person who’s holding the
text: spoon, and opens his mouth again. The
text: spoon goes in.
dialog: 105
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 105 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: Troy sits across from Gabe, a bowl of
text: mashed carrots on his lap, feeding his
text: brother. Gabe swallows, then grins.
text: The ringing continues over this, and
dialog: into:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE AND TROY’S BEDROOM—LATE
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Lightning flashes.
text: The phone’s ringing downstairs. Rose,
text: barely awake, switches on a small
text: bedside table lamp, then hurries down
text: to the phone. Troy opens his eyes as
text: he hears Rose answering it, then
text: silence. Troy sits up as she climbs
text: the stairs. Cory calls from his room:
dialog: cory (o.s.): Mama?
text: Rose murmurs to Cory, comes in the
text: bedroom, closes the door.
dialog: Rose: Troy . . . that was the hospital. Alberta had
dialog: the baby.
dialog: troy: What she have? What is it?
dialog: Rose: It’s a girl.
text: Troy stands, he starts getting
dialog: dressed.
dialog: troy: I better get on down to the hospital to see her.
dialog: 106
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 106 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: Rose: Troy
dialog: troy: Rose . . . I got to go see her now. That’s only
dialog: right... what’s the matter... the baby’s
dialog: all right, ain’t it?
dialog: RosE: Alberta died having the baby.
dialog: Roy (conruseD): Died . . . you say she’s dead? Alber-
dialog: ta’s dead?
dialog: Rosz: They said they done all they could. They couldn’t
dialog: do nothing for her.
text: Roy (STUNNED, OFF BALANCE): The baby? How’s the baby?
dialog: Rose: They say it’s healthy.
text: Troy looks around as if trying to
text: locate the door. Rose doesn’t know
dialog: what to do.
dialog: RosE: I wonder who’s gonna bury her.
dialog: troy: She had family, Rose. She wasn’t living in the
dialog: world by herself.
dialog: RosE: I know she wasn’t living in the world by her-
dialog: self.
dialog: troy: Next thing you gonna want to know if she had any
dialog: insurance.
dialog: Rose: Troy, you ain’t got to talk like that.
dialog: mroy: That’s the first thing that jumped out your
text: mouth. “Who’s gonna bury her?” Like I’m fixing to
dialog: take on that task for myself.
dialog: 107
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 107 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: Rose: I am your wife. Don’t push me away.
dialog: mroy: I ain’t pushing nobody away.
dialog: (starting to put on his shoes)
dialog: Just give me some space. That’s all.
text: One shoe on, the other in his hand, he
text: stands and turns on Rose with
text: controlled fury.
dialog: mrox: Just give me some room to breathe!
text: Rose is shocked by his demand. She
text: turns, closes the door, and leaves the
text: room. Alone, Troy realizes he’s
text: holding his shoe. He sits heavily on
text: the bed and puts it on. As he does he
text: starts talking to himself.
dialog: moy: All right... Mr. Death. See now... I’m
dialog: gonna tell you what I’m gonna do. I’m gonna take
dialog: and build me a fence around this yard.
text: He goes to the window and throws it
text: open. He leans out, breathing hard,
text: looking down into the dark yard, the
text: abandoned house beyond the fence. He
text: feels the darkness pull at him, making
text: him lean farther out. He tightens his
text: grip on the windowsill, and says to
dialog: the darkness:
dialog: troy: See? I’m gonna build me a fence around what be-
dialog: longs to me. And then I want you to stay on the
dialog: 108
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 108 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: other side. See? You stay over there until you're
dialog: ready for me.
text: Lights start to come on and windows
text: are being opened in the neighbors’
dialog: houses.
dialog: troy: Then you come on. Bring your army. Bring your
dialog: sickle. Bring your wrestling clothes. I ain’t
dialog: gonna fall down on my vigilance this time. You
dialog: ain’t gonna sneak up on me no more.
dialog: A few people call: “Shut up!” “Are you
dialog: crazy?” “Stop making a racket!” etc.
dialog: troy: When you ready for me . . . when the top of your
dialog: list say Troy Maxson . . . You come up and knock
dialog: on the front door. Ain’t nobody else got nothing
dialog: to do with this.
text: We see the closed door behind Troy.
text: Then we’re on the other side of the
text: door, on the landing. Rose is leaning
text: hard against the door, hand on the
text: knob, wanting to go in but knowing she
text: mustn’t. Troy’s voice is loud even
text: through the door.
dialog: mroy (0.8.): This is between you and me.
text: Cory comes out of his room. He walks
text: to his mother as Troy shouts:
dialog: mroy (o.s.): Man to man. You stay on the other side of
dialog: that fence until you ready for me.
dialog: 109
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 109 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: cory (sormiy, scarep): Mama, what’ s—
text: Rose turns to Cory, shakes her head-
text: “don’t talk” and tries to push him
text: back toward his room. He won’t go.
text: Rose holds on to him, and they listen,
text: not moving.
dialog: mroy (0.s.): Then you come up and—
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD—LATE NIGHT
text: We’re looking up at Troy, leaning out
text: the window, shouting:
dialog: troy: —and you knock on the front door! Anytime you
dialog: want!
dialog: (waiting for a response)
dialog: I'll be ready for you!
text: Troy waits again; no response. He
text: draws himself back into the room,
text: closes the window. He opens the
text: bedroom door. Rose and Cory are there.
text: No one knows what to say. Troy passes
text: his wife and son. They hear him
text: descending the stairs, then the front
text: door opens and slams shut.
dialog: 110
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 110 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD—1 WEEK LATER—
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: In the kitchen, the radio’s on:
text: Opening Day for the Pirates. The
text: broadcast plays throughout the scene.
text: Rose is on her knees, weeding the
dialog: garden.
text: She hears the back door open and looks
text: toward the porch. Troy is there,
text: holding a small, fair-skinned rranr i
speaker_heading: HIS ARMS.
dialog: troy: Rose . . . I’m standing here with my daughter in
dialog: my arms. She ain’t but a wee bitty little old
dialog: thing. She don’t know nothing about grownups’ busi-
dialog: ness. She innocent . . . and she ain’t got no mama.
scene_heading: ROSE (CLIMBING THE sTEPs): What you telling me for, Troy?
text: She passes Troy and goes into the
text: kitchen. Troy stands still. The radio
text: blares the baseball game.
text: From inside, the sound of running
text: water, then kitchen clattering, then
text: the sound of a knife chopping
text: something, hard. The baby starts to
text: fret. Troy jounces her a little,
text: talking to her, sitting on the bottom
dialog: steps.
dialog: 111
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 111 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: moy: Well . . . I guess we’ll just sit out here on
dialog: the porch.
dialog: (calling back into the house, to Rose)
dialog: A man’s got to do what’s right for him. I ain’t
dialog: sorry for nothing I done. It felt right in my heart.
text: Troy waits for a response. The chopping
text: continues. The baby cries. Troy wipes
text: his finger on his shirt and holds a
text: knuckle to her mouth. She fastens on
text: his knuckle. Something that looks like
text: a smile passes across her face.
dialog: mroy: What you smiling at? Your daddy’s a big man. Got
dialog: these great big old hands. But sometimes he’s
dialog: scared. And right now your daddy’s scared ‘cause
dialog: we sitting out here and ain’t got no home. Oh, I
dialog: been homeless before. I ain’t had no little baby
dialog: with me. But I been homeless.
text: The chopping has stopped.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN—AFTERNOON
text: Rose has chopped a large pile of okra.
text: She holds the knife, listening.
dialog: 112
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 112 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACK PORCH—AFTERNOON
dialog: rox: You just be out on the road by your lonesome and
dialog: you see one of them trains coming and you just
dialog: kinda go like this
dialog: (singing, as a lullaby)
dialog: Please, Mr. Engineer, let a man ride the
dialog: line
dialog: Please, Mr. Engineer, let a man ride the
dialog: line
dialog: I ain’t got no ticket please let me ride the
text: blinds.
text: Rose comes out. Troy stands.
dialog: troy: She’s my daughter, Rose. My own flesh and blood.
dialog: I can’t deny her no more than I can deny them boys.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You and them boys is my family. You and them
dialog: and this child is all I got in the world. So I
dialog: guess what I’m saying is . . . I’d appreciate it
dialog: if you’d help me take care of her.
dialog: Rose: Okay, Troy . . . you’re right. I'll take care
dialog: of your baby for you... ‘cause . . . like you
dialog: say... she’s innocent... and you can’t
text: visit the sins of the father upon the child. A
text: motherless child has got a hard time.
text: She takes the baby.
dialog: 113
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 113 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: Rose: From right now . . . this child got a mother.
dialog: But you a womanless man.
text: Rose goes back into the house with the
text: baby. Troy remains, frozen.
text: Over this, the sound of a truck idling.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN A WEALTHY NEIGHBORHOOD—
scene_heading: 1 MONTH LATER—EARLY
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: The lawns and trees along the street
text: are bright spring green. A garbage
text: truck idles as two young african-
text: american collectors lift and empty
text: cans. Troy’s in the driver's seat,
text: bored, lonely. Through his rearview
text: mirrors he watches the collectors
text: talking, laughing.
text: A group of white high school students
text: come out of one of the houses,
text: clowning, chatting, several boys in
text: varsity jackets. Troy watches them.
text: Then he’s startled by a loud thump from
text: the back: in his rearview mirror, the
text: collectors step on board. He shifts
text: into first gear and the truck rolls
text: through the wealthy neighborhood.
dialog: 114
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 114 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD—AFTERNOON
text: Troy comes in through the side yard to
text: the sound of a bat hitting a baseball.
text: Cory, in his A&P uniform, fake bow-tie
text: dangling from his open collar, is
text: hitting the ball. The moment Cory sees
text: Troy, he stops. Troy looks ready to
text: say something. Cory tosses the bat
text: away, carelessly. Making a show of it
text: he buttons his collar, clips the tie
text: into place, and walks out the right
text: side alley, all without giving his
text: father a glance. Troy goes to the bat,
text: picks it up and puts it into its
text: proper place against the tree. He
text: turns and heads into the house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/FRONT ENTRANCE—
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Troy comes into the kitchen, which
text: looks different: it’s cluttered with
text: baby bottles, nipples, a high chair.
text: Two steaming pots and one cold covered
text: pot are on the stove, the heat turned
text: off. Rose, dressed up, holds the baby
text: in one arm, from which a purse hangs,
text: stuffed with diapers and two warm
text: bottles. With her free hand Rose picks
dialog: up the cake.
dialog: 115
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 115 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: mroy: I’m coming in and everybody’s going out.
dialog: Rose: I’m taking this cake down to the church for the
dialog: bake sale. Lyons was by to see you. He stopped by
dialog: to pay you your twenty dollars. It’s laying in
text: there on the table.
text: Troy takes his pay from his pocket.
dialog: moy: Well . . . here go this money.
text: As Rose leaves the kitchen with the
dialog: baby and the cake:
dialog: RosE: Put it in there on the table, Troy. I'll get it.
text: His money still in his hand, Troy
text: follows her to the front door, which
text: he opens for her.
dialog: mrox: What time you coming back?
dialog: Rose: Ain’t no use in you studying me. It don’t matter
dialog: what time I come back.
dialog: troy: I just asked you a question, woman. What’s the
dialog: matter . . . can’t I ask you a question?
dialog: Rose: Troy, I don’t want to go into it.
text: She steps out onto the front porch. He
text: starts to follow, but she stops in the
text: doorway. She puts the cake down on one
text: of the porch chairs, turns to him:
dialog: Rose: Your dinner’s in there on the stove. All you got
dialog: to do is heat it up. And don’t you be eating the
dialog: rest of them cakes in there. I’m coming back for
dialog: 116
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 116 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: them. We having a bake sale at the church tomor-
dialog: row.
text: Rose shuts the door firmly. Troy stands
text: there, listening to her going down the
dialog: steps.
text: He stands alone in the empty house, unsure of
text: what to do. He flaps the money he’s holding. He
text: goes to the dining room table and puts his cash
text: next to Lyons’ twenty. He pockets the twenty and
text: starts for the door.
scene_heading: INT. TAYLORS’ BAR—LATE AFTERNOON
text: Troy sits alone at the bar, a generous
text: glass of gin before him. He takes a
dialog: sip.
text: Someone pulls out the stool next to
text: him and starts to sit. Troy looks.
dialog: It’s Bono.
dialog: Bono: Hey, Troy.
dialog: troy: Hey, what’s happening, Bono?
dialog: Bono: I just thought I’d stop by to see you. Wasn’t
dialog: no one at the house, so I figured -
dialog: troy: What you stop by and see me for? You ain’t
dialog: stopped by the house in a month of Sundays. Hell,
dialog: I must owe you money or something.
dialog: Bono: Since you got your promotion I can’t keep up
dialog: 117
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 117 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: with you. Used to see you every day. Now I don’t
dialog: even know what route you working.
dialog: moy: They keep switching me around. Got me out in
dialog: Greentree now . . . hauling white folks’ garbage.
dialog: Bono: Greentree, huh? You lucky, at least you ain’t
dialog: got to be lifting them barrels. Damn if they
dialog: ain’t getting heavier. I’m gonna put in my two
dialog: years and call it quits.
dialog: moy: I’m thinking about retiring myself.
dialog: Bono: You got it easy. You can drive for another five
dialog: years.
dialog: troy: It ain’t the same, Bono. It ain’t like working
dialog: the back of the truck. Ain’t got nobody to talk
dialog: to... feel like you working by yourself. Naw,
dialog: I’m thinking about retiring.
text: Bono nods. An awkward silence.
dialog: troy: How’s Lucille?
dialog: pono: She all right. Her arthritis get to acting up
dialog: on her sometime. Saw Rose on my way here. She go-
dialog: ing down to the church, huh?
dialog: moy: Yeah, she took up going down there. All them
dialog: preachers looking for somebody to fatten their
dialog: pockets.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Got some gin here.
dialog: pono: Naw, thanks. I just stopped in to say hello.
dialog: 118
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 118 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: my: Hell, nigger . . . you can take a drink. I ain’t
dialog: never known you to say no to a drink. You ain’t
dialog: got to work tomorrow.
dialog: Bono: I just stopped by. I’m fixing to go over to Skin-
dialog: ner’s. We got us a domino game going over his
dialog: house every Friday.
dialog: troy: Nigger, you can’t play no dominoes. I used to
dialog: whup you four games out of five.
dialog: Bono: Well, that learned me. I’m getting better.
dialog: mroy: Yeah? Well, that’s all right.
dialog: Bono: Look here . . . I got to be getting on.
text: Troy nods as Bono slides down off the
dialog: bar stool.
dialog: Bono: Stop by sometime, huh?
dialog: troy: Yeah, I'll do that, Bono.
text: Bono slaps Troy on the back and starts
dialog: to go.
text: troy (NOT WANTING TO BE ALONE): Lucille told Rose you
dialog: bought her a new refrigerator.
dialog: Bono: Yeah, Rose told Lucille you had finally built
dialog: your fence . . . so I figured we’d call it even.
dialog: troy: I knew you would.
dialog: Bono: Yeah . . . okay. I’1l be talking to you.
dialog: mroy: Yeah, take care, Bono. Good to see you. I’m
dialog: gonna stop over.
dialog: 119
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 119 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: Bono: Yeah. Okay, Troy.
text: Bono leaves. Troy downs the rest of
text: his drink in one swallow. Under his
text: breath, he starts to sing:
dialog: mroy (stowny): Hear it ring! Hear it ring!
dialog: Had an old dog his name was Blue.
scene_heading: EXT. WYLIE AVENUE—RECRUITMENT OFFICE—
speaker_heading: TWILIGHT
text: Troy’s singing continues over this:
dialog: troy (v.o.): You know Blue was mighty true
dialog: You know Blue was a good old dog
text: Cory walks home from work in his A&P
text: uniform. He passes an armed forces
text: recruiting office. In the window, a
text: poster: a big, handsome white Marine,
text: above him: we aREN’T LOOKING FOR JUST ANYONE.
text: moy (v.o.): Blue treed a possum in a hollow log
dialog: You know from that he was a good old dog
dialog: And below: we might be looking for
text: you. Cory stares at it for a long
text: time, as Troy’s singing continues:
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD—TWILIGHT
text: Cory approaches the house. He stops
text: when he hears his father singing.
dialog: 120
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 120 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: TROY:
dialog: cory:
speaker_heading: TROY:
dialog: cory:
speaker_heading: TROY:
dialog: cory
speaker_heading: TROY:
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: Old Blue died and I dug his grave
dialog: Let him down with a golden chain
text: Cory heads into the yard. Troy sits in
text: the middle of the back steps, blocking
text: them. The pint bottle in his hand is
text: nearly empty.
dialog: Every night when I hear old Blue bark!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Blue treed a possum in Noah’s Ark!
text: Cory looks to the right, considering
text: going around to the front. Then he
text: decides not to. He walks up to the
dialog: steps.
dialog: I got to get by.
dialog: Say what? What’s you say?
dialog: You in my way. I got to get by.
dialog: You got to get by where? This is my house.
dialog: Bought and paid for. In full. Took me fifteen
dialog: years. And if you wanna go in my house and I’m
dialog: sitting on the steps... you say excuse me.
dialog: Like your mama taught you.
dialog: : Come on, Pop . . . I got to get by.
text: Cory starts to maneuver his way past
text: Troy. Troy grabs his leg and shoves
dialog: him back.
dialog: You just gonna walk over top of me?
dialog: 121
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 121 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: cory: I live here too!
dialog: moy: You just gonna walk over top of me in my own
dialog: house?
text: Troy stands, advancing on Cory, who
text: backs away, then stops.
dialog: cory: I ain’t scared of you.
dialog: troy: I ain’t asked if you was scared of me. I asked
dialog: you if you was fixing to walk over top of me in my
dialog: own house? That’s the question. You ain’t gonna
dialog: say excuse me? You just gonna walk over top of me?
dialog: cory: If you wanna put it like that.
dialog: troy: How else am I gonna put it?
dialog: cory: I was walking by you to go into the house ‘cause
dialog: you sitting on the steps drunk, singing to your-
dialog: self. You can put it like that.
dialog: rox: Without saying excuse me???
text: Cory doesn’t respond.
dialog: troy: I asked you a question. Without saying excuse
dialog: me???
dialog: cory: I ain’t got to say excuse me to you. You don’t
dialog: count around here no more.
dialog: mroy: Oh, I see . . . I don’t count around here no
dialog: more. You ain’t got to say excuse me to your
dialog: daddy. All of a sudden you done got so grown that
dialog: your daddy don’t count around here no more
dialog: Around here in his own house and yard that he done
dialog: 122
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 122 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: paid for with the sweat of his brow. You done got
dialog: so grown to where you gonna take over. You gonna
dialog: take over my house. Is that right? You gonna wear
dialog: my pants. You gonna go in there and stretch out
dialog: on my bed. You ain’t got to say excuse me ‘cause
dialog: I don’t count around here no more. Is that right?
text: cory (HE’sS HAD ENOUGH): That’s right. You always talking
dialog: this dumb stuff. Now, why don’t you just get out
dialog: my way.
dialog: troy: I guess you got someplace to sleep and something
dialog: to put in your belly. You got that, huh? You got
dialog: that? That’s what you need. You got that, huh?
dialog: cory: You don’t know what I got. You ain’t got to
dialog: worry about what I got.
dialog: troy: You right! You one hundred percent right! I done
dialog: spent the last seventeen years worrying about
dialog: what you got. Now it’s your turn, see? I'll tell
dialog: you what to do. You grown . . . we done estab-
dialog: lished that. You a man. Now, let’s see you act
dialog: like one. Turn your behind around and walk out
dialog: this yard. And when you get out there in the al-
dialog: ley . . . you can forget about this house. See?
dialog: "Cause this is my house. You go on and be a man
dialog: and get your own house. You can forget about
dialog: this. ’Cause this is mine. You go on and get yours
dialog: "cause I’m through with doing for you.
dialog: cory: You talking about what you did for me
dialog: what'd you ever give me?
dialog: troy: Them feet and bones! That pumping heart, nigger!
dialog: 123
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 123 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: I give you more than anybody else is ever gonna
dialog: give you.
dialog: cory: You ain’t never gave me nothing! You ain’t never
dialog: done nothing but hold me back. Afraid I was gonna
dialog: be better than you. All you ever did was try and
dialog: make me scared of you. I used to tremble every time
dialog: you called my name. Every time I heard your foot-
text: steps in the house. Wondering all the time
dialog: what’s Papa gonna say if I do this? . . . What's
dialog: he gonna say if I do that? . . . What’s Papa gonna
dialog: say if I turn on the radio? And Mama, too
dialog: she tries . . . but she’s scared of you.
dialog: moy: You leave your mama out of this. She ain’t got
dialog: nothing to do with this.
dialog: cory: I don’t know how she stand you. . . after what
dialog: you did to her.
dialog: toy: I told you to leave your mama out of this!
text: Troy advances toward Cory.
dialog: cory: What you gonna do . . . give me a whupping? You
dialog: can’t whup me no more. You're too old. You just
text: an old man.
text: Troy grabs Cory’s shirt and pulls Cory
text: to him.
dialog: mror: Nigger! That’s what you are! You just another
dialog: nigger on the street to me!
text: Troy throws Cory backward in the dirt.
dialog: cory: You crazy! You know that?
dialog: 124
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 124 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: troy: Go on now! You got the devil in you. Get on away
dialog: from me!
dialog: cory: You just a crazy old man. . . talking about I
dialog: got the devil in me.
text: Troy advances on Cory.
dialog: troy: Yeah, I’m crazy! If you don’t get on the other
dialog: side of that yard... I’m gonna show you how
dialog: crazy I am! Goon. . . get the hell out of my yard.
dialog: cory: It ain’t your yard. You took Uncle Gabe’s money
dialog: he got from the Army to buy this house and then
dialog: you put him out.
dialog: troy: Get your black ass out of my yard!
text: Troy’s advance backs Cory up against
text: the tree. Cory grabs up the bat.
dialog: cory: I ain’t going nowhere! Come on . . . put me out!
dialog: I ain’t scared of you.
dialog: troy: That’s my bat!
dialog: cory: Come on!
text: Troy walks toward Cory.
dialog: troy: Put my bat down!
dialog: cory: Come on, put me out!
text: Cory swings at Troy, who backs across
dialog: the yard.
dialog: cory: What’s the matter? You so bad . . . Put me out!
text: Troy advances toward Cory.
dialog: 125
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 125 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: cory (BACKING uP): Come on! Come on!
dialog: You're gonna have to use it! You wanna draw that
dialog: TROY!
dialog: you're gonna have to use it.
dialog: bat back on me
dialog: cory: Come on! Come on!
text: Cory swings that bat at Troy a second
text: time. He misses. Troy continues to
text: advance toward him.
dialog: troy: You’re gonna have to kill me! You wanna draw
dialog: that bat back on me. You’re gonna have to kill me.
text: Cory, backed up against the tree, can
text: go no farther. Troy taunts him. He
text: sticks out his head and offers him a
dialog: target.
dialog: troy: Come on! Come on!
text: Cory is unable to swing the bat. Troy
text: grabs it.
dialog: mrox: Then 1711 show you.
text: Cory and Troy struggle over the bat.
text: The struggle is fierce and fully
dialog: Troy ultimately is the
dialog: engaged.
dialog: and takes the bat from Cory
dialog: stronger,
text: and stands over him ready to swing. He
text: stops himself.
dialog: Go on and get away from around my house.
text: Cory, stung by his defeat, picks
dialog: 126
dialog: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 126
speaker_heading: 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: himself up, walks slowly out of the
text: yard and up the alley.
dialog: cory: Tell Mama I’1l be back for my things.
text: TROY (CALLING AFTER HIM): They’1l be on the other side of
dialog: that fence!
text: Troy starts toward the tree with the
text: bat, staggering, sick exhausted, his
text: mouth horribly dry. He tries to
dialog: moisten it with this tongue: no use.
dialog: troy: I can’t taste nothing. Hallelujah!
dialog: I can’t taste nothing no more.
text: He assumes a batting posture and
text: begins to taunt Death, the fastball in
text: the outside corner.
dialog: troy: Come on! It’s between you and me now!
text: A static-y growl starts, building into
text: a roar. Troy taunts the pitcher as the
text: light gives way to complete darkness:
dialog: troy: Come on! Anytime you want! Come on! I be ready
dialog: for you . . . but I ain’t gonna be easy.
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: In the blackness, Rose’s voice:
dialog: Rose (v.o.): Raynell!
dialog: raynetL (v.o.): Ma’ am?
dialog: 127
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 127 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: Rose (v.o.): What you doing out there?
speaker_heading: raynetL (v.o.): Nothing.
speaker_heading: TITLE: 1965
dialog: Rose (v.o.): Girl, get in here and get dressed. What
dialog: you doing?
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD—MORNING
text: The sky is gray, dark clouds roll in.
text: Raynell, 7, in her nightgown, kneels
text: in rose’s garden, which is now much
text: larger. She looks up at the bedroom
dialog: window.
dialog: RAYNELL: Seeing if my garden growed.
text: Rose leans out of the window, her hair
text: up, wearing black.
dialog: RosE: I told you it ain’t gonna grow overnight. You
dialog: got to wait.
dialog: RAYNELL: It don’t look like it never gonna grow. Dag!
dialog: Rose: I told you a watched pot never boils.
dialog: RAYNELL: This ain’t even no pot, Mama.
dialog: ROSE: Get in here and get dressed. This ain’t no morn-
dialog: ing to be playing around. You hear me?
dialog: RAYNELL: Yes, ma’am.
dialog: 128
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 128 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN AND FRONT ROOMS—
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: Raynell dawdles past Bono and Lyons in
text: dark suits, drinking coffee. She
text: starts upstairs. There’s a knock at
text: the door. She looks up to see if her
text: mother is coming to answer it. She
text: decides to answer it herself, but it
text: opens. Cory comes in.
text: He’s 25 now, a Marine Corporal. He
text: carries a duffel bag. Raynell stares
text: at him in his dress uniform, agog.
dialog: cory: Hi.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I bet your name is Raynell.
dialog: RAYNELL? Uh-huh.
dialog: cory: Is your mama home?
dialog: RAYNELL: Mama . . . there’s some man down here. Mama?
text: Raynell flies up the stairs. Cory puts
text: down his bag and looks around.
dialog: Rose: Cory? Cory! Lord have mercy!
text: Rose runs down, then stops, looking at
text: her son. She calls back into the
dialog: kitchen:
dialog: RosE: Look here, you all!
dialog: 129
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 129 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: She runs to Cory, and they embrace.
dialog: Bono and Lyons come in from the
text: kitchen. Raynell watches from midway
text: on the stairs.
dialog: Bono: Aw, looka here
text: Rose steps back, looking at him,
text: wiping tears away.
dialog: RosE: Done got all grown up!
dialog: cory: Don’t cry, Mama. What you crying about?
dialog: RosE: I’m just so glad you made it.
dialog: cory: Hey, Lyons. How you doing, Mr. Bono.
dialog: tyons: Look at you, man. Look at you. Don’t he look
dialog: good, Rose. Got them corporal stripes.
dialog: Ros: What took you so long?
dialog: cory: You know how the Marines are, Mama. They got to
dialog: get all their paperwork straight before they let
dialog: you do anything.
dialog: Rose: Well, I’m sure glad you made it. They let Lyons
dialog: come. Your Uncle Gabe’s still in the hospital.
dialog: They don’t know if they gonna let him out or not.
dialog: I just talked to them a little while ago.
text: Lyons: A corporal in the United States Marines.
dialog: BoNo: Your daddy knew you had it in you. He used to
dialog: tell me all the time.
dialog: Lyons: Don’t he look good, Mr. Bono?
dialog: 130
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 130 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: Bono: Yeah, he remind me of Troy when I first met him.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Say, Rose, Lucille’s down at the church with
dialog: the choir. I’m gonna go down and get the pallbear-
dialog: ers lined up. I'll be back to get you all.
dialog: RosE: Thanks, Jim.
dialog: cory: See you, Mr. Bono.
text: Bono goes out the front door.
text: No one speaks. Then Lyons points to
text: Raynell on the stairs.
dialog: Lyons: Cory, look at Raynell. Ain’t she precious? She
dialog: gonna break a whole lot of hearts.
text: Raynell hides behind the banisters.
dialog: Rose: Raynell, come and say hello to your brother.
dialog: This is your brother, Cory. You remember Cory.
dialog: RAYNELL: No, ma’am.
dialog: cory: She don’t remember me, Mama.
dialog: ROSE: Well, we talk about you. She heard us talk about
dialog: you. This is your brother, Cory.
dialog: (to Raynell)
dialog: Come on and say hello.
dialog: RAYNELL: Hi.
dialog: cory: Hi. So you're Raynell. Mama told me a lot about
dialog: you.
dialog: 131
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 131 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
scene_heading: ROSE (STARTING FOR THE KITCHEN): You all c’mon and let me
dialog: fix you some breakfast. Keep up your strength.
dialog: cory: I ain’t hungry, Mama.
dialog: Lyons: You can fix me something, Rose. I’1l be there in
dialog: a minute.
dialog: RosE (To cory): Cory, You sure you don’t want nothing.
dialog: I know they ain’t feeding you right.
dialog: cory: No, Mama . . . thanks. I don’t feel like eat-
dialog: ing. I’1l get something later.
dialog: ROSE: Raynell . . . get on upstairs and get that dress
dialog: on like I told you.
text: Raynell scrambles upstairs as Rose
text: goes into the kitchen.
dialog: Lyons (Pausz): I always knew you was gonna make some-
dialog: thing out yourself. Your head was always in the
dialog: right direction. So . . . you gonna stay in
dialog: make it a career . . . put in your twenty years?
dialog: cory: I don’t know. I got six already, I think that’s
dialog: enough.
dialog: Lyons: Stick with Uncle Sam and retire early. Ain’t noth-
dialog: ing out here. I guess Rose told you what happened
dialog: with me. They got me down the workhouse. I thought
dialog: I was being slick cashing other people’s checks.
dialog: cory: How much time you doing?
dialog: yons: They give me three years. I got that beat now.
dialog: I ain’t got but nine more months. It ain’t so bad.
dialog: 132
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 132 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: You learn to deal with it like anything else. You
dialog: got to take the crookeds with the straights.
dialog: That's what Papa used to say. He used to say that
dialog: when he struck out. I seen him strike out three
dialog: times in a row. . . and the next time up he hit
text: the ball over the grandstand. Right out there in
text: Homestead Field. He wasn’t satisfied hitting in
dialog: the seats . . . he wanted to hit it over every-
dialog: thing! After the game he had two hundred people
dialog: standing around waiting to shake his hand. You
dialog: got to take the crookeds with the straights.
dialog: Yeah, Papa was something else.
dialog: cory: You still playing?
dialog: Lyons: Cory . . . you know I’m gonna do that. There’s
dialog: some fellows down there we got us a band. . . we
dialog: gonna try and stay together when we get out
dialog: but yeah, I’m still playing.
text: Rose calls from the kitchen:
dialog: Rosz: Lyons, I got these eggs in the pan.
dialog: iyons: Let me go on and get these eggs, man. Get ready
dialog: to go bury Papa.
dialog: (a beat, then)
dialog: How you doing? You doing all right?
text: Cory nods. Lyons touches him on the
text: shoulder and they share a moment of
text: silent grief. Lyons goes into the
text: kitchen. Cory looks up to the top of
text: the stairs and sees Raynell, in her
dialog: 133
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 133 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: dress, studying him with excited
dialog: curiosity.
dialog: RAYNELL: Hi.
dialog: cory: Hi.
text: She comes down a couple of steps,
dialog: curious.
dialog: RAYNELL: Did you used to sleep in my room?
dialog: cory: Yeah . . . that used to be my room.
text: RAYNELL: That’s what Papa call it. “Cory’s room.” It
dialog: got your football in the closet.
text: Rose calling from the kitchen
dialog: ROSE: Raynell, get in there and get them good shoes
dialog: on!
dialog: RAYNELL: Mama, can’t I wear these? Them other one hurt
dialog: my feet.
dialog: Rose: Well, they just gonna have to hurt your feet for
dialog: a while. You ain’t said they hurt your feet when
dialog: you went down to the store and got them.
dialog: RAYNELL: They didn’t hurt then. My feet done got big-
dialog: ger.
dialog: RosE: Don’t you give me no back talk now. You get in
dialog: there and get them shoes on.
text: Raynell looks at her brand-new
text: brother . . . reluctantly, she obeys
text: her mother. Cory makes his way to the
dialog: 134
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 134 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: kitchen, passing his brother who is
text: wiping his plate clean.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN—MORNING
text: Cory enters the kitchen. He looks at
text: the photos on the wall noticing that
dialog: JFK and Martin Luther King have been
text: added next to the photo of Jesus. He
text: looks at his mother, then heads out
text: into the yard.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD—MORNING
text: Cory comes down the steps into the
text: yard, taking it all in. He sees Troy’s
text: bat leaning against the tree. He walks
text: toward it as he hears
text: ROSE (AS SHE COMES DOWN BACK STEPS): Ain’t too much changed.
dialog: He still got that piece of rag tied to that tree.
dialog: He was out here swinging that bat. I was just
text: ready to go back in the house. He swung that bat
text: and then he just fell over. Seem like he swung
text: it and stood there with this grin on his
text: face . . . and then he just fell over. They car-
dialog: ried him on down to the hospital but I knew there
dialog: wasn’t no need . . . why don’t you come on in
dialog: the house.
dialog: cory: Mama . . . I got something to tell you. I don’t
dialog: 135
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 135 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: know how to tell you this . . . but I’ve got to
dialog: tell you . . . I’m not going to Papa’s funeral.
dialog: RoszE: Boy, hush your mouth. That’s your daddy you
dialog: talking about. I don’t want hear that kind of talk
dialog: this morning. I done raised you to come to this?
dialog: You standing there all healthy and grown talking
dialog: about you ain’t going to your daddy’s funeral?
dialog: cory: Mama . . . listen
dialog: Rose: I don’t want to hear it, Cory. You just get that
dialog: thought out of your head.
dialog: cory: I’ve got to say no to him. One time in my life
dialog: I’ve got to say no.
dialog: RoszE: Don’t nobody have to listen to nothing like
dialog: that. I know you and your daddy ain’t seen eye to
dialog: eye, but I ain’t gotta listen to that kind of talk
dialog: this morning. Disrespecting your daddy ain't
dialog: gonna make you a man, Cory. You got to find a way
dialog: to come to that on your own. Not going to your
dialog: daddy’s funeral ain’t gonna make you a man.
text: Cory looks around, trying to find what
dialog: to say. Then:
dialog: cory: The whole time I was growing up . . . living in
dialog: his house . . . Papa was like a shadow that fol-
dialog: lowed you everywhere. It weighed on you and sunk
dialog: into your flesh. It would wrap around you and lay
dialog: there until you couldn’t tell which one was you
dialog: anymore. That shadow digging in your flesh. Trying
dialog: to crawl in. Trying to live through you. I’m just
dialog: 136
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 136 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: saying I’ve got to find a way to get rid of that
dialog: shadow, Mama.
dialog: ROSE: You just like him. You got him in you good.
dialog: cory: Don’t tell me that, Mama.
dialog: ROSE: You Troy Maxson all over again.
dialog: cory: I don’t want to be Troy Maxson. I want to be me.
dialog: Rose: You can’t be nobody but who you are, Cory. That
dialog: shadow wasn’t nothing but you growing into your-
dialog: self. You either got to grow into it or cut it
dialog: down to fit you. But that’s all you got to make
dialog: life with. That’s all you got to measure yourself
dialog: against that world out there. Your daddy wanted
dialog: you to be everything he wasn’t . . . and at the
dialog: same time he tried to make you into everything he
dialog: was. I don’t know if he was right or wrong
dialog: but I do know he meant to do more good than he
dialog: meant to do harm.
text: She stops, overwhelmed. Cory puts his
text: hand on her hand. She takes his hand,
text: squeezes it, turns it over, holding on.
dialog: ROSE: Sometimes when he touched he bruised. And some-
dialog: times when he took me in his arms he cut.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When I first met your daddy I thought, “Here is
dialog: aman I can lay down with and make a baby.” That’s
dialog: the first thing I thought when I seen him
dialog: “Rose Lee, here is a man that you can open your-
dialog: 137
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 137 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: self up to and be filled to bursting. Here is a man
dialog: that can fill all them empty spaces you been tip-
text: ping around the edges of.”
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When your daddy walked through the house he was
dialog: so big he filled it up. That was my first mistake.
dialog: Not to make him leave some room for me. But I
dialog: wanted a house that I could sing in, and that’s
dialog: what your daddy gave me. I didn’t know to keep up
dialog: his strength I had to give up little pieces of
dialog: mine. I took on his life as mine and mixed up the
dialog: pieces so that you couldn’t hardly tell which was
dialog: which anymore. It was my choice. It was my life and
dialog: I didn’t have to live it like that. But that’s what
dialog: life offered me in the way of being a woman and I
text: took it. I grabbed hold of it with both hands. By
dialog: the time Raynell came into the house . . . I didn’t
dialog: want to make my blessing off of nobody’s misfor-
dialog: tune, but I took on to Raynell like she was all
dialog: them babies I had wanted and never had.
text: The phone rings.
dialog: RoszE: Like I’d been blessed to relive a part of my
dialog: life. And if the Lord see fit to keep up my
dialog: strength . . . I’m gonna do her just like your
dialog: daddy did you . . . I’m gonna give her the best
dialog: of what’s in me.
text: Raynell comes out with her old shoes on.
text: RAYNELL? Mama . . . Reverend Tolliver on the phone.
dialog: 138
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 138 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: Rose goes into the house.
dialog: RAYNELL: Hi.
dialog: cory: Hi.
dialog: RAYNELL: You in the Army or the Marines?
dialog: cory: Marines.
dialog: RAYNELL: Papa said it was the Army. Did you know Blue?
dialog: cory: Blue? Who’s Blue?
dialog: RAYNELL: Papa’s dog what he sing about all the time.
text: cory (SINGING): Hear it ring! Hear it ring!
dialog: I had a dog his name was Blue
dialog: You know Blue was mighty true
dialog: You know Blue was a good old dog
text: Blue treed a possum in a hollow log
dialog: You know from that he was a good old dog.
dialog: Hear it ring!
text: Raynell, embarrassed, delighted, joins
dialog: in.
text: CORY AND RAYNELL? Blue treed a possum out on a limb
dialog: Blue looked at me and I looked at him
text: Grabbed that possum and put him in a sack
dialog: Blue stayed there till I came back
text: Old Blue’s feets was big and round
dialog: Never allowed a possum to touch the ground.
dialog: Old Blue died and I dug his grave
dialog: I dug his grave with a silver spade
dialog: Let him down with a golden chain
dialog: 139
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 139 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
dialog: And every night I call his name
dialog: Go on Blue, you good dog you
dialog: Go on Blue, you good dog you
text: RAYNELL: Blue laid down and died like a man
dialog: Blue laid down and died
text: cory (stRuceLins): Blue laid down and died like a man
text: Now he’s treeing possums in the Promised Land.
dialog: CORY AND RAYNELL: I’m gonna tell you this to let you
dialog: know
dialog: Blue’s gone where the good dogs go.
text: Rose comes to the door.
dialog: Rose: Cory, we gonna be ready to go in a minute.
dialog: 
dialog: cory (T0 RAYNELL): You go on in the house and change
dialog: them shoes like Mama told you so we can go to Pa-
dialog: pa’s funeral.
dialog: RAYNELL: Okay, I’1l be back.
text: Raynell hurries into the house. Cory gets up,
text: crosses over to the tree. Rose stands at the screen
text: door watching him. She takes a look at the threat-
text: ening sky, about to return to the house, when she
text: sees Gabriel. He’s older but healthier, more vi-
text: tal, in a new suit and a hat. One arm is behind
text: his back. Rose is speechless with surprise.
dialog: GABRIEL: Hey, Rose!
dialog: ROSE: Gabe?
text: GaBRIEL: I’m here, Rose. Hey Rose, I’m here.
dialog: 140
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 140 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
dialog: Rose: Lord
dialog: (calling back to the house)
dialog: Look here, Lyons!
text: Lyons, then Bono come out from the
dialog: house.
dialog: Lyons: See, I told you, Rose . . . I told you they’d
dialog: let him come.
dialog: cory: How you doing, Uncle Gabe?
dialog: Lyons: How you doing, Uncle Gabe?
text: Gabriel looks at each of them, then
text: back to Rose. He takes his hand from
text: behind him and holds his trumpet aloft.
text: GABRIEL: Hey, Rose. It’s time. It’s time to tell Saint
text: Peter to open the Gates.
text: Not knowing what she’s agreeing to,
text: Rose nods.
dialog: GABRIEL: Troy, you ready?
text: Gabriel waits for an answer. Raynell
text: comes out on the porch and hides
text: behind Rose, shy. Gabe smiles at her,
text: and she returns his smile.
dialog: GABRIEL: You ready, Troy. I’m gonna tell Saint Peter
dialog: to open the Gates. You get ready now.
text: Gabriel puts the trumpet to his lips,
dialog: two decades of waiting for this moment
dialog: 141
scene_heading: 9780735217867_Fences.indd 141 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: finally over. He inhales and blows into
text: the horn. No sound. Gabriel blows
dialog: again, a huge effort: Nothing.
text: Then Gabe begins to dance, slow and
text: strange, eerie, skeletal and life-
text: giving, a dance of atavistic signature
text: and ritual. Lyons goes to Gabe,
text: embracing him, trying to stop him.
text: Gabriel pushes Lyons away.
text: He points the trumpet at the ground and
text: inhales as he arcs the horn upwards
text: till he’s on his toes, closing his
text: eyes, putting the mouthpiece to his
text: lips; Gabriel blows once more, and:
text: From the tarnished, battered bell of
text: the broken trumpet comes an ear-
text: splitting note, growing higher and
text: louder till it’s almost like a woman's
dialog: scream.
text: In the clouds directly above Gabe, a
text: small aperture opens up and a pillar
text: of brilliant light descends, bathing
text: Gabriel and his horn in gold. The
text: trumpet’s blast stops; the silence is
text: huge and abrupt.
text: CLOSE-UP: Gabriel, his face raised up,
text: bathed in light. He lowers his
dialog: trumpet. He says to God:
dialog: casRIEL: That’s the way that go!
dialog: 142
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 142 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: FENCES
text: The camera begins to pull away, up and
text: up. Rose goes to Gabriel, Raynell
text: following behind her. Then Raynell
text: runs ahead of her mother.
text: CLOSE-UP: Raynell’s small hand taking
text: hold of Gabe’s hand. The camera is
text: high above the yard; the men have gone
text: inside, and Rose is behind them.
text: Raynell leads Gabriel behind Rose.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH
text: Bono leaves the house first, followed
dialog: by Cory and Lyons.
text: Twenty black cars wait at the curb, a
text: flower car behind them, and then the
text: hearse. Neighbors have begun gathering
text: on both sides of the street.
text: Bono goes to the first car as Lyons
text: gets into the second.
text: Cory waits outside by the open car
text: door. Raynell comes out of the house,
text: leading Gabe; Bono motions for her to
text: come to the first car, and she does. He
text: opens the rear door for them, and
text: Raynell and Gabe get in.
text: Rose comes out of the house, Bono
text: watches. She walks up to Cory, grabs
dialog: 143
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 143 11/1516 1:50 PM
speaker_heading: AUGUST WILSON
text: him and holds him tight. She gets in
text: the car and Cory climbs in after her.
text: Bono gives the roof of the car a loud
text: slap, then climbs in and shuts the
text: door. The first car pulls out; the
text: others follow.
text: People line the street. Men take off
text: their hats as the funeral cortege goes
text: down the hill. Beyond the Hill, the
text: towers of Pittsburgh rising.
dialog: 144
scene_heading: 9780735217867 Fences.indd 144 11/1516 1:50 PM
dialog: 
