dialog: 
text: "FERRIS BUELLER'S DAY OFF"
dialog: by
dialog: John Hughes
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT
dialog: July 24, 1985
text: "FERRIS BUELLER'S DAY OFF"
speaker_heading: 1 BLACK SCREEN 1
speaker_heading: MAIN TITLES
text: IT'S SILENT. A BEAT...AND AN EXPLOSION OF SOUND. A HOUSEHOLD
text: IN THE MORNING. KIDS GETTING READY FOR SCHOOL. CLOCK RADIOS.
scene_heading: KITCHEN APPLIANCES. SHOWERS. FIGHTING. PEOPLE YELLING. DOG
scene_heading: BARKING. APPLIANCES BUZZING. CAR HORNS. IT SOUNDS JUST LIKE
text: YOUR HOUSE DID. STREAMS OF ROCK'N ROLL FADE IN AND OUT. HUEY
text: LEWIS TO LIONEL RITCHIE TO HUSKER DU. SURROUND MAKES IT FEEL
text: LIKE YOU'RE IN THE ROOM. AN AURAL TOUR OF A HOUSE ON A
text: SCHOOL MORNING. BEGINING IN THE KITCHEN AND MOVING UPSTAIRS.
speaker_heading: FATHER'S VOICE (TOM)
dialog: Where's my wallet?!
speaker_heading: SEVEN YEAR OLD BOY (TODD)
dialog: YOU IDIOT!!
scene_heading: TWELVE YEAR OLD GIRL (KIMBERLY)
speaker_heading: MOM!
speaker_heading: TODD
speaker_heading: SHUT-UP!
scene_heading: EIGHTEEN YEAR OLD GIRL (JEANIE)
dialog: I NEED A TOWEL!!
speaker_heading: TOM
speaker_heading: JOYCE!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (whispers, sadistic)
dialog: When you turn ten, your head's going
dialog: to swell up real big like a watermelon
dialog: and we're going to have to put you
dialog: to sleep like they do with a dog.
speaker_heading: TODD
speaker_heading: MOM!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: JOYCE!!
speaker_heading: JEANIE
text: WHO PISSED ON THE TOILET SEAT!? MOTHER!!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Where's Mom?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Is my head going to swell up?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JEANIE
text: OH, MY GOD! THE TOILET PAPER'S ALL WET!!!
speaker_heading: MOTHER (JOYCE)
dialog: (screams)
speaker_heading: TOM!
text: The house falls dead SILENT. We hear footsteps thundering
text: through the house. A TENSE STRAIN OF MUSIC FADES UP.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Wait! Hold still!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: You heads starting to swell up!!
text: Todd screams. We hear the sound of Tom's footsteps running
text: through the kitchen, down the hall, up the stairs, up the
text: hallway. A door open.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (worried)
dialog: It's Ferris!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: What's wrong? For Christ's sake!
dialog: Look at him!
scene_heading: 2 CLOSE-UP. FERRIS 2
text: An eighteen year-old boy. He's staring lifelessly at CAMERA.
text: His mouth's open. His eyes are bugged-out. His tongue is fat
text: and dry in his mouth. He's laying in bed, on his side.
scene_heading: 3 INT. BOY'S BEDROOM 3
text: Ferris' parents, TOM and JOYCE BUELLER are standing at
text: bedside. They're in their late forties, early fifties.
text: Handsome, upper-middle class parents. They're both dressed
dialog: for work.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ferris?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: He doesn't have a fever. But he says
text: his stomach hurts and he's seeing spots.
scene_heading: 4 CLOSE-UP. FERRIS 4
text: His lifeless eyes blink.
scene_heading: 5 INT. BEDROOM. PARENTS 5
text: Tom bends down and touches Ferris' forehead.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What's the matter, Ferris?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: Feel his hands. They're cold and clammy.
text: Tom takes one of Ferris' hands.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (discreetly)
dialog: Should you call the doctor?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: He doesn't want me to.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Why don't you want Mom to call
dialog: the doctor?
text: Ferris exhales loudly. He tries to speak but all he can
text: manage is a choked gasp.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What?
text: Ferris tries again.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (raspy)
dialog: Don't make a fuss. I'm fine. I'll get up.
text: He starts to get up. Joyce gently pushes him back down.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I have a test today. I have to take it.
dialog: I want to get into a good college
dialog: so I can have a fruitful life...
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You're not going to school like
dialog: this.
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: Maybe I should call the office and
dialog: tell them I won't be in.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm okay, Mom. I feel perfectly...Oh, God!
text: He's gripped by a seizure. His body stiffens and he chokes.
text: His older sister, JEANIE, walks into the room. She's dressed
text: for school. She's cute and stuck-up. A major pill.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Oh, fine. What's this? What's his problem?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: He doesn't feel well.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Yeah, right. Dry that one out
dialog: and you can fertilize the lawn.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That's enough, Jeanie.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: You're not falling for this, are you?
dialog: Tell me you're not falling for this.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Is that Jeanie? I can't see that
dialog: far. Jeanie?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
text: Pucker up and squat, Ferris.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Thank you, Jeanie. Get to school.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: (angry, defeated)
dialog: You're really letting him stay home?
dialog: I can't believe this. If I was bleeding
dialog: out my eyes, you guys'd make me go to
dialog: school. It's so unfair.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Please don't be upset with me, Jeanie.
dialog: Be thankful that you're fit and have
dialog: your health. Cherish it.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Oh, I wanna puke.
text: She glares at Ferris. Her eyes are mascara and vengence. She
text: slips out of the room. Ferris' brother, TODD and sister,
text: KIMBERLY peek into the room.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Myocardial infarction?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Get your stuff. Daddy'll be right
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Syphilitic meningitus? That would be
text: a huge family embarrassment.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Get downstairs!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: If he dies, I got dibs on his stereo.
text: She turns sharply and exits.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Dad? Does my head look alright?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Get downstairs! Now!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Just answer me one question! Is it
dialog: swelling up? Kim said it was going
dialog: to get as big as...
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY (OC)
dialog: A WATERMELON!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (yells out the room)
dialog: Shut-up!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Get downstairs! NOW!
text: Todd backs out of the room.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'll be okay. I'll just sleep.
dialog: Maybe I'll have an aspirin around
dialog: noon.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (to Ferris)
dialog: I'm showing houses to the family
dialog: from California today but I'll be in
dialog: the area. My office'll know where
dialog: I am, if you need me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll check it with you, too.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It's nice to know I have such
dialog: loving, caring parents. You're
dialog: both very special people.
scene_heading: 6 CU. FERRIS 6
text: He acknowledges Tom with a pathetic flutter of his eyelids.
scene_heading: 7 INT. BEDROOM. JOYCE 7
text: She strokes Ferris' hair.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I hope you feel better, pumpkin.
text: She leans down and kisses his forehead. Tom pats his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Get some rest.
scene_heading: 8 CU. FERRIS 8
text: Ferris lets out a wheeze. His glassy eyes follow his parents
text: to the door.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (OC)
dialog: We love you, sweetie.
speaker_heading: TOM (OC)
dialog: Call if you need us.
text: They close the door. The lock clicks. Ferris' eyes shift
text: from the door to CAMERA. A sly, little smile crawls across
text: his lips.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: They bought it.
text: The MTV theme music ROARS IN.
scene_heading: 9 CU. TV SCREEN 9
text: The TV at the foot of Ferris' bed. The MTV logo is playing.
scene_heading: 10 INT. BEDROOM 10
text: Ferris yanks open the drapes. The pall of the sickroom
text: disappears in the brilliant glow of morning sunlight.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Incredible! One of the worst performances
dialog: of my career and they never doubted it
dialog: for a second.
dialog: (looks out the window)
dialog: What a beautiful day!
text: He turns from the window.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: Parents always fall for the clammy hands.
dialog: It's physical evidence of illness. It's
dialog: a good, non-specific symptom. Parents are
text: generally pretty hip to the fever scams.
dialog: And to make them work you have to go a hundred
dialog: and one, hundred and two. You get a nervous
dialog: mother and you end up in a doctor's office
dialog: and that's worse than school.
text: He flips on his stereo and fills the room with the MTV
text: broadcast. A NEW SONG begins.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Fake a stomach cramp and when you're
text: doubled over, moaning and wailing, just
dialog: lick your palms. It's a little stupid
text: and childish but then so if high school.
dialog: Right?
text: He equalizes the sound a little.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: This is my ninth sick day with semester.
dialog: If I go for ten, I'm probably going to
dialog: have to barf up a lung. So, I absolutely
dialog: must make this one count.
text: He exits into the hallway.
scene_heading: 11 INT. BATHROOM 11
text: Ferris walks into the bathroom. It's littered with Jean's
text: debris. He turns on the shower water.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I don't care if you're fifty five
dialog: or seven, everybody needs a day off
text: now and then. It's a beautiful day.
dialog: How can I be expected to handle
dialog: high school?
text: He bends down OUT OF FRAME as he loses his briefs. He pops
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I do actually have a test. That wasn't
dialog: bullshit.
text: He steps into the shower. Through the pebbled glass of the
text: shower door we see Ferris' outline.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: That I care about it was.
scene_heading: 12 INT. BATHROOM. SHOWER STALL. 12
text: Inside the shower. Ferris' hair is standing straight up.
text: It's moulded into a fin with shampoo.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It's on European socialism. I mean,
dialog: really. What's the point? I'm not
dialog: European. I don't plan to be European.
dialog: So, who gives a shit if they're socialists?
dialog: They could be fascist anarchists and it
dialog: still wouldn't change the fact that I
dialog: don't own a car.
text: He turns the shower head around and uses it like a
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (sings)
dialog: WELL SHAKE IT UP, BABY,
text: TWIST AND SHOUT...
scene_heading: 13 INT. HALLWAY. LATER 13
text: Ferris comes out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around
text: his waist. He's drying his hair with another of a different
dialog: color.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Not that I condone fascism. Or
dialog: and "isms". "Isms", in my opinion
dialog: are not good. A person should not
dialog: believe in an "ism". He should
dialog: believe in himself. John Lennon
dialog: said it on his first solo album.
dialog: "I don't believe in Beatles, I
dialog: just believe in me." A good point
dialog: there. Afterall, he was the Walrus.
text: He opens a linen closet and tosses the towel in it.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I could be the Walrus and I'd still
dialog: have to bum rides off people.
text: He passes CAMERA and goes into his room.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (OC)
dialog: I'm not very political? Let me
dialog: put that into perspective...
scene_heading: 14 INT. BEDROOM 14
text: Ferris tosses the towel he's dried hair with on the bed.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: My uncle went to Canada to protest
dialog: the war, right? On the Fourth of
dialog: July he was down with my aunt and he
dialog: got drunk and told my Dad he felt
dialog: guilty he didn't fight in Viet Nam.
dialog: So I said, "What's the deal, Uncle
dialog: Jeff? In wartime you want to be a
dialog: pacifist and in peacetime you want
dialog: to be a soldier. It took you twenty
dialog: years to find out you don't believe
dialog: in anything?"
dialog: (snaps his fingers)
text: Grounded. Just like that. Two weeks.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Be careful when you deal with old
dialog: hippies. They can be real touchy.
text: He opens his door.
scene_heading: 15 INT. CLOSET 15
text: The door opens and Ferris rifles through his shirts.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: My mother was a hippie. But she
dialog: lost it. She got old. If she listens
dialog: to the White Album now? She doesn't hear
text: music, she hears memories. Nostalgia is
dialog: her favorite drug. It'll probably be
dialog: mine, too. I hope not.
text: He finds a shirt he likes. He steps back from the closet and
text: puts it on. He drops the towel.
scene_heading: 16 INT. BEDROOM 16
text: He walks across the room to his dresser. He opens his
text: underwear drawer. There's an old model of a submarine on the
text: top of the dresser. He picks it up.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: In eighth grade a friend of mine
dialog: made a bong out of one of these.
text: The smoke tasted like glue.
text: He pulls out a pair of underwear. He gets dressed as he
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: His name is Garth Volbeck. He's a
dialog: serious outsider. Not a bad guy, I
dialog: like him. I'm probably his only friend.
dialog: I do what I can for him. I mean, if
dialog: I was him, I'd appreciate it. Do unto others,
dialog: right? Anyway, his mother owns a gas station.
dialog: His father's dead and his sister's rumored
dialog: to be a prostitute, which is complete bullshit.
dialog: She only puts out so people will hang out
dialog: with her. It's sad but I don't hold it
dialog: against her. Better to hold it against the
dialog: guys who use her and don't care about her.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: My parents never allowed Garth over here.
dialog: It was because of his family. Mainly his
dialog: older brother. He's in jail. I could see them
dialog: not wanting his brother here because he is
dialog: a registered psycho. I wouldn't want him here.
dialog: I once watched the guy eat a whole bowl of
dialog: artificial fruit just so he could see what
dialog: it was like to have his stomach pumped.
dialog: But Garth isn't his brother. It isn't his fault
dialog: that his brother's screwed-up. Alot of fights
dialog: with the parents on that point. I always felt
dialog: for Garth. I was sleeping at his house once
dialog: and I was laying on the dark worrying that
dialog: his brother was going to come in and hack me
text: to death with an ax and I heard Garth crying.
dialog: I asked him what was wrong and he said, "Nothing".
dialog: ... Nothing was wrong. There was no
text: specific thing he was crying about.
dialog: In fact, he wasn't really even aware that
text: he was crying. He just cried himself to
dialog: sleep every night. It was a habit. The
dialog: guy's so conditioned to grief that if
text: he doesn't feel it, he can't sleep. How
dialog: could you possibly dump on guy who has to
dialog: deal with that kinda shit? My parents
dialog: acknowledge the trudge of the situation
dialog: and I'm sure that deep down, they do feel
dialog: for him but still the guy's banned from
dialog: our house.
text: He looks at himself in the mirror on the back of his closet
text: door. He doesn't like what he's wearing. He continues his
text: speech as he disrobes.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Unfortunately, now my parents have a
dialog: legit argument. Garth doesn't need his
dialog: brother to give him a rep anymore. He's
text: getting one on his own. He's lost. It's
text: over for him. He's eighteen. Gone from
text: school. Gone from life. His legacy is
text: a gas station.
scene_heading: 17 INT. HOUSE. STAIRCASE 17
text: Ferris comes down the stairs. He's wearing a completely
dialog: different outfit.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: One very serious danger is playing
dialog: sick is that it's possible to believe
dialog: your own act.
scene_heading: 18 INT. KITCHEN 18
text: Ferris comes into the kitchen and crosses to the
dialog: refrigerator.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: That and boredom. Alot of people
dialog: ditch and feel great for about an
text: hour. Then they realize there's
dialog: nothing to do. TV and food. I myself
dialog: have ditched and gotten so bored I
dialog: did homework. Figure that shit out.
text: He takes a sip out of a bottle of orange juice.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You have to plan things out before
dialog: you take the day off. Otherwise
dialog: you get all nervous worrying about
dialog: what to do and all you get is grief
dialog: and the whole point is to take it
dialog: easy, cut loose and enjoy.
text: He crosses to the pantry.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You blow your day and at about three
dialog: o'clock, when everybody's out of school,
dialog: you're going to wish you'd gone to
dialog: school so you could be out having
dialog: fun.
text: He emerges from the pantry with a handful of Oreos.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Avoid the misery. Plan your day.
dialog: Do it right.
scene_heading: 19 INT. FAMILY ROOM 19
text: Ferris walks in and flops down in an armchair.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: There's alot of pressure at work
dialog: in my age group. And it's not always
dialog: recognized.
text: He reaches over and picks up the telephone. He sets it in
text: his lap.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: Some guy whose hair is falling out
text: and his stomach's hanging over his
dialog: belt and everything he eats makes
text: him fart, he looks at someone like
dialog: me and thinks, "This kid's young and
text: strong and has a full, rich future ahead
dialog: of him, what's he got to bitch about?"
scene_heading: 20 CU. PHONE 20
text: He punches out a number.
scene_heading: 21 INT. FAMILY ROOM. FERRIS 21
text: He remote controls the TV on.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: That's just one reason why I need a
dialog: day off every now and then.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. ANOTHER HOUSE 22
text: A sleek, modern house on a couple of deeply wooded acres. A
text: prime house in a prime location. A telephone rings OVER.
scene_heading: 23 INT. BOY'S BEDROOM 23
text: It's a dark, dreary sick room. Shades drawn, floor strewn
text: with used tissues, nightstand a still-life of over the
text: counter remedies. A high school boy, CAMERON FRYE, is laying
text: in bed. We don't see his face, only a silhouette with a
text: thermometer sticking out his mouth. U2's SUNDAY BLOODY
text: SUNDAY is playing. He's mumbling random words.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Food...shelter...no...yes...
text: The phone rings. His hand reaches back and hits the speaker
dialog: phone button.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Cameron! What's happening?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Very little.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: How do you feel?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
text: Shredded.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Is your mother in the room?
text: Cameron takes the thermometer out of his mouth.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: She's not home. Where are you?
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Home.
scene_heading: 24 INT. FERRIS' FAMILY ROOM. FERRIS 24
text: Ferris is sprawled out in the chair.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm taking the day off. Get
text: dressed and come over.
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S VOICE
dialog: I can't. I'm sick.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It's all in your head. Come on over.
scene_heading: 25 INT. CAMERON'S ROOM 25
text: Cameron's insistant.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I feel like complete shit, Ferris.
dialog: I can't go anywhere.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry to hear that. Now, come
dialog: on over and pick me up.
text: Ferris disconnects. Cameron slowly hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I'm dying.
text: The phone rings again. Cameron hits the speaker button.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: You're not dying. You just can't think
dialog: of anything good to do.
scene_heading: 26 INT. FERRIS' FAMILY ROOM 26
text: Ferris hangs up.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: If anybody needs a day off, it's
dialog: Cameron. He has alot of things to
text: sort out before he graduates. He
dialog: can't be wound this tight and go
dialog: to college. His roommate'll kill
dialog: him. I've come close myself. But I
dialog: like him. He's a little easier to
dialog: take when you know why he's like he
text: is. The boy cannot relax. Pardon
dialog: by French but Cameron is so tight
dialog: that if you stuck a lump of coal up
dialog: his ass, in two weeks you'd have a
dialog: diamond.
dialog: (after-thought)
dialog: And Cameron would worry that he'd
dialog: owe taxes on it.
scene_heading: 27 INT. SCHOOL. HALLWAY 27
text: We hear roll call as CAMERA MOVES ACROSS the tile floor. A
text: shoe's POV.
speaker_heading: TEACHER'S VOICE
dialog: Albers?
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: TEACHER'S VOICE
dialog: Anderson.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: Here.
text: CAMERA enters a classroom. It travels past a teacher's Hush
text: Puppies and heads up an aisle of desk past dirty yellow
text: Reebocks, rotting Air Jordans, scuffed heels, pristine
dialog: loafers...
speaker_heading: TEACHER'S VOICE
dialog: Anheiser?
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: TEACHER'S VOICE
dialog: Busch?
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: TEACHER'S VOICE
dialog: Bueller?
text: CAMERA reaches the last desk and rises slowly to reveal that
text: it's empty.
speaker_heading: TEACHER'S VOICE
dialog: Bueller?
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: He's sick.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: My best friend's sister's boyfriend's
dialog: brother's girlfriend heard from this
dialog: guy who knows this kid who's going
text: with a girl who saw Ferris pass-out
dialog: at 31 Flavors last night. I guess
dialog: it's pretty serious.
speaker_heading: TEACHER'S VOICE
dialog: (weary)
dialog: Thank you, Simone.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: (cheery)
dialog: No problem whatsoever.
speaker_heading: TEACHER'S VOICE
dialog: Drucker?
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE
dialog: What?
text: WOUND-OUT CAR ENGINES COME UP LOUD.
dialog: 28 CU. TV 28
text: THE ROAD WARRIOR is playing on video cassette. The big chase
text: at the end.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY ROOM. FERRIS
text: He's sitting in the arm chair pretending it's Humongous' war
text: wagon. He's wearing a hockey mash. He's steering. He reaches
text: down and grabs an imaginary nitrous oxide valve.
speaker_heading: CU. TV
text: Humongous reaches down and grabs a real nitrous oxide valve.
text: He gives it a twist.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He throws himself back against the chair.
speaker_heading: CU. TV
text: The force of the rapid acceleration of his vehicle throws
text: Humongous back in his seat.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He bounces himself in the chair to simulate the bumpy high
dialog: speed ride.
speaker_heading: CU. TV
text: The was wagon hurtles down the road.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He rears back in horror.
speaker_heading: CU. TV
text: The war wagon is heading for a head-on collision with the
text: tanker truck.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: Arms outstretched, head thrown back, braced for collision.
speaker_heading: CU. TV
speaker_heading: IMPACT!
text: MOZART COMES UP.
scene_heading: 29 CU. FLOWERING TREE BRANCH 29
text: Outside a bedroom window. A flowering crabtree branch.
text: Petite pink flowers. WE PULL BACK FROM THE WINDOW INTO THE
text: ROOM. It's Jeanie's room. A pink and powder blue pig pen.
text: Clothes everywhere, make-up, books, records. Ferris is
text: sitting on her bed going through a purse.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: This is really degrading.
text: He comes up with a crumpled dollar bill.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Financing my activities this way.
dialog: Very damaging to the self-image.
dialog: But, hey, I'm broke. In times of
dialog: crisis one must to what one must
dialog: to. I'll pay it back. With interest.
text: He comes up with a five.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Regardless of how much shit sisters
dialog: make you eat, how often they rat on
dialog: you, how gross they act or how wicked
dialog: and insensitive they can be, you should
dialog: not alientate them. Because most likely
dialog: they have cash and it's usually very easy
dialog: to get your hands on.
text: He holds up a twenty and snaps it. PINK FLOYD'S "MONEY"
speaker_heading: COMES UP.
scene_heading: 30 INT. LIVING ROOM 30
text: The song plays as Ferris digs through the sofa cushions.
speaker_heading: CU. SOFA
text: Ferris extracts a sticky quarter from a crevice.
scene_heading: 31 INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM 31
text: Ferris is going through his father's pants pockets. Another
text: crumpled bill surfaces.
scene_heading: 32 CU. WASHING MACHINE TOP 32
text: A couple of stiff, hard, bleached singles that have gone
text: through the wash lay on top of the washer. A hand scoops
dialog: them up.
scene_heading: 33 CU. LUCITE ENCASED PROOF SET 33
text: An obvious gift from a grandparent. A U.S. Mint proof set. A
text: ten, a five and a single enclosed in a lucite frame. A
text: screwdriver tip wedges between the two pieces of Lucite and
text: pops them apart. A hand peels the bills off the backing.
scene_heading: 34 CU. KITCHEN DRAWER 34
text: Hands ripping through the kitchen junk drawer. Locating a
dialog: dollar bill.
scene_heading: 35 CU. COIN COLLECTION 35
text: The familiar blue collector's album. One-by-one, the
text: quarters are being popped out of their slots.
scene_heading: 36 CU. VACCUUM CLEANER 36
text: The dusty, dirty contents of the bag are emptied on the
text: floor. Fingers pick a dime out of a matted wad of filth.
scene_heading: 37 CU. SNOOPY BANK 37
text: It's being shaken furiously.
scene_heading: 38 CU. BIRTHDAY CARD 38
text: It's a child's card. It's slowly opened to reveal a crisp,
dialog: new five.
scene_heading: 39 INT. HALL CLOSET 39
text: The door opens and Ferris thrusts his hands into the pockets
text: of the coats. He comes up with a ball of Kleenex. A roll of
text: Tums. A squirt gun. Then a modest wad of bills. His face
text: lights up as he counts out the cash. He closes the door.
scene_heading: 40 CU. FLOOR AND BED 40
text: Ferris' face appears between the bed and the floor. His arm
text: reaches out for a small metal bank hidden under the bed.
scene_heading: 41 CU. BANK 41
text: It's on a work bench. An awl is driven in between the door
text: and the jamb. It pries the door open. Inside are trading
text: cards, a charred doll's head, a Zippo lighter and, finally,
text: a five dollar bill.
scene_heading: 42 INT. KITCHEN 42
text: Ferris is on his hands and knees under the kitchen table.
scene_heading: 43 CU. TABLE LEG 43
text: Ferris lifts the leg and removes a quarter that's been used
dialog: to balance the table.
scene_heading: 44 INT. KITCHEN 44
text: Ferris stands up and pockets the quarter.
scene_heading: 45 CU. FERRIS' BED 45
text: A shower of coins and bills rain down on the sheets. The
speaker_heading: SONG ENDS.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. REAL ESTATE OFFICE. MORNING 46
text: A suburban realty company. A cute little building in town.
scene_heading: 47 INT. OFFICE 47
text: Joyce is behind a desk. Across from her are two WOMEN.
dialog: They're also real estate agents.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: No one's going to consider a
text: house with a black living room.
dialog: Not even those jerks from Vermont.
dialog: Let's be realistic.
speaker_heading: AGENT 1
text: Mrs. Volbeck's dead set against
dialog: putting any money into the house.
text: Joyce's phone intercom buzzes. She take the call.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Joyce Bueller.
text: Her eyes open wide with alarm.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. I
dialog: completely forgot to call.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. HIGH SCHOOL 48
text: A modern, suburban high school.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Are you aware that your son is not
dialog: in school today?
scene_heading: 49 INT. SCHOOL. HALLWAY 49
text: It's a passing period. The hall is clogged with students.
speaker_heading: JOYCE'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, I am. Ferris is home sick. I
dialog: had a meeting first thing this
dialog: morning. I should have called. It
dialog: completely slipped my mind.
scene_heading: 50 INT. SCHOOL. DEAN'S OUTER OFFICE 50
text: A SECRETARY is at work at her desk. We hear the dean inside
dialog: the office.
speaker_heading: DEAN'S VOICE
dialog: Are you also aware that Ferris does not
dialog: have what we consider an exemplary
dialog: attendance record?
scene_heading: 51 INT. DEAN'S OFFICE. CU. DESK SIGN 51
text: It reads, EDWARD R. ROONEY. DEAD OF STUDENTS. The dean's
text: feet are up on the desk, behind the sign. Moderately priced
dialog: dress shoes.
speaker_heading: JOYCE'S VOICE
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: DEAN'S VOICE
dialog: I just had his file up.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. CU. DEAN
text: ED ROONEY is sitting behind his desk. He's tough, clean and
text: straight as an I-beam. Short, neatly combed hair, suit and
text: tie. He's toying with a pencil. He's confident to the point
dialog: of arrogance.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I just has his file up, Mrs. Bueller.
text: Behind him is a computer terminal. He removes his feet from
text: the desk and turns in his swivel chair.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: If Ferris thinks he coast this last
dialog: month and still graduate, he's sorely
dialog: mistaken.
speaker_heading: JOYCE'S VOICE
dialog: This is all news to me.
scene_heading: CU. COMPUTER MONITOR
text: The monitor on Rooney's desk displays Ferris' records.
speaker_heading: ROONEY'S VOICE
dialog: So far this semester alone, he's been
dialog: absent nine times. Including today.
speaker_heading: JOYCE'S VOICE
dialog: Nine times?
text: Under DAYS MISSED we see a number 9 suddenly change to a
dialog: number 2.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE
text: Rooney turns to the monitor. He reads off the screen.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I have it right here in front of me. He's
dialog: missed...
text: He looks closer at the screen.
scene_heading: 52 INT. FERRIS' ROOM 52
text: Ferris is at his Macintosh computer. He has his record up
text: on the screen.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I wanted a car. I got a computer. How's
dialog: that for being born under a bad sign?
scene_heading: 53 INT. JOYCE'S OFFICE 53
text: She's still on the phone with Rooney.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I can give you every assurance that
text: Ferris is home and that he is, in
dialog: fact, very ill. I debated whether
dialog: or not I should even leave him.
dialog: I can appreciate that at this time
dialog: of year children are prone to taking
dialog: the day off, but in Ferris' case,
dialog: he's truly a very sick boy.
scene_heading: 54 INT. FERRIS' BEDROOM 54
scene_heading: MUSIC BLASTS. SOLO GUITAR.
scene_heading: CU. SPEAKER
text: The grille cloth is throbbing.
scene_heading: CU. LED METERS
text: The meters on the amplifier are totally in the danger zone.
speaker_heading: CU. TV MONITOR
text: We see Ferris in his room with a guitar around his neck.
text: He's playing.
scene_heading: CU. VIDEO CAMERA
text: A home video camera is capturing Ferris on tape.
scene_heading: 55 INT. CAMERON'S ROOM 55
text: He's sitting on the edge of the bed buttoning his shirt. He
text: sighs deeply and fall back on the bed.
scene_heading: 56 INT. SCHOOL. HALLWAY 56
text: Jeanie is at her locker during a passing period. A
text: GIRLFRIEND comes up to her.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I'm really sorry about your brother.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: What're you sorry for? I have to live
text: with the trouser snake.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: No, I mean I heard he's really sick.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Who said he's sick.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: A whole bunch of people. They said
text: he's like on the verge of death.
text: Jeanie stares incredulously at the girl.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: This guy in my biology class said
dialog: that if Ferris dies he's giving
dialog: his eyes to Stevie Wonder? He's
dialog: really sweet isn't he?
text: She smiles and exits. Jeanie cocks her head in bewilderment.
text: She kicks her locker shut.
scene_heading: 57 INT. FERRIS' ROOM 57
text: He's in bed on the phone.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: A sample of my blood was sent
dialog: to Atlanta to the Center for
dialog: Disease Control. I don't know,
dialog: man, I'm bricking heavily.
dialog: (point to the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Freshman.
dialog: (to the phone)
dialog: Did you see Alien? When the guy
dialog: had the creature in his stomach?
dialog: It feels like that.
scene_heading: 58 INT. SCHOOL. HALLWAY 58
text: A FRESHMAN BOY is on the pay phone. A couple of his BUDDIES
text: are standing at his side waiting anxiously for news.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Goddamn! Are you kidding?
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Did you see Alien?
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: You never rented the video cassette?
text: Second boy shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Oh. He's really wasted.
speaker_heading: THIRD BOY
dialog: (to the Second Boy)
dialog: Who's he talking to?
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: Ferris Bueller. You know him?
speaker_heading: THIRD BOY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Yeah. He's getting me out of summer
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Anyway, I appreciate you letting us
dialog: know how you're doing. We gotta split.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Huh?...Yeah, sure. Hold on.
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: (to Third Boy)
dialog: Shit. I hope he doesn't die.
dialog: I can't handle summer school.
text: The boy snatches a passing GIRL.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Did you see Alien?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Yeah, why?
text: He hands her the phone.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Who?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Hi, Ferris. How's your bod?
dialog: (jaw drops)
dialog: Oh, my God! You're dying?
dialog: Is it serious?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Shiit! Are you upset?
scene_heading: 59 INT. DEAN'S OFFICE 59
text: Rooney's comparing his computer monitor to hard copy. His
text: SECRETARY is standing over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I don't trust this kid any further
dialog: than I can throw him!
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: With your bad knee, you better
dialog: not throw anybody, Ed.
text: Rooney stares at her for a long beat.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: What's so dangerous about a character
dialog: like Ferris Bueller is that he gives
dialog: the good kids bad ideas. The last thing
dialog: I need at this point in my career is
dialog: fifteen hundred Ferris Bueller disciples
dialog: running around these halls.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: He's very popular, Ed. Sportos, motorheads,
text: geeks, sluts, pinheads, dweebies, wonkers,
dialog: richies, they all adore him.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: That's exactly why I have to catch him
dialog: this time. To show these kids that the
dialog: example he sets is a first class ticket
dialog: to nowhere.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Ooo. You sounded like Dirty Harry just
dialog: now.
text: Rooney looks up at her with a proud smile.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Really?
text: He unconsciously does an Eastwood squint.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. FERRIS' HOUSE 60
text: It's a glorious late spring day. A florist's truck drives
text: past the house.
scene_heading: 61 INT. FERRIS' ROOM 61
text: He's on the telephone. As he speaks he does a little
text: MacPainting on his MacIntosh. A Modigliani nude.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron, if you're not over here
dialog: in fifteen minutes, you can find
dialog: a new best friend. I'm serious, man.
dialog: This is bullshit, making me wait
dialog: around the house for you.
scene_heading: 62 INT. CAMERON'S BEDROOM 62
text: Cameron's back in bed.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I'm sick. I feel like shit. Why can't
dialog: you leave me alone?
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: You're not up for some good times?
text: It's a beautiful day. It's almost
dialog: summer. If this was Hawaii, we'd be
dialog: surfing.
scene_heading: 63 INT. FERRIS' ROOM 63
text: He's growing weary of Cameron's wimpishness.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You want to stay home and try
dialog: to have the shits? Try to barf?
dialog: Try to feel worse?
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S VOICE
dialog: I don't have to try.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Be a man. Take some Pepto Bismol
dialog: and get dressed. You're boring me
dialog: with this stuff.
text: The other phone line rings.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Squeeze you buns for a second. I
dialog: got another call.
text: He puts Cameron on hold. He clears his throat and answers
text: the second line. He sounds like he's on his last breath.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: H--hell-o?
scene_heading: 64 EXT. OFFICE BUILDING. DOWNTOWN 64
text: A LaSalle Street office tower.
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: Ferris?
scene_heading: 65 INT. TOM'S OFFICE 65
text: He's behind his desk. Nice office. Two windows. Herman
text: Miller desk and chair.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You sound miserable.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Really? Darn! I thought I was improving.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Were you sleeping?
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: I was trying to do some homework.
scene_heading: 66 CU. COMPUTER MONITOR 66
text: A closer view of the rude drawing Ferris is making.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (OC)
dialog: I'm so worried about falling behind.
scene_heading: INT. FERRIS' ROOM
text: He leans back from the monitor and sips a Coke.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Dad? Can you hold on a second?
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: Sure, pal. Are you alright?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: Just a little phlegm on the phone.
dialog: Hold on.
text: He puts his father on hold.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron? It's my Dad.
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, that's just great. Are you busted?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It's completely cool. He's just
dialog: checking up on me. Now, listen to
dialog: me. I'm working on getting some
dialog: heavy bucks out of him. So, the least you
dialog: can do is hurry up and get over here.
dialog: Bye.
text: He disconnects and gets his father back. He switches back to
text: his sick voice.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Sorry, Dad. The moment before you
dialog: called, I had a chest spasm and I
dialog: blew lung fluid all over the place.
dialog: It was making me ill looking at it.
dialog: But gee, it's sure great of you to call.
dialog: I'm sure there're alot of fathers
dialog: who wouldn't take time out from
dialog: their busy schedules to call a dumb,
text: sick teenager.
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: Hey, pal, what was I supposed to do?
text: Ferris reaches out and hits a key on his computer. The
text: screen dumps the drawing.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Give yourself some credit, Dad. It
dialog: was a mammoth gesture. It's like those
dialog: savings bonds you used to give me
dialog: every Christmas.
text: (looks at CAMERA and smiles)
dialog: It was that kind of concern.
scene_heading: CU. COMPUTER SCREEN
text: A message is flashing: "TRANSMITTING DATA".
scene_heading: INT. FERRIS' ROOM
text: He turns away from the computer and puts his feet up on the
text: desk. He lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You had to work hard for the money
dialog: to buy those things, right?
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: Not any harder than anybody else.
text: Ferris mouths Tom's words as he says them.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. CHICAGO LOOP. DIAMONDVISION SCREEN 67
text: Ferris' drawing suddenly appears on the billboard.
text: Pedestrians stop to look.
scene_heading: 68 INT. FERRIS' ROOM 68
text: He blows a smoke ring.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You work so hard I'll bet you don't
dialog: even remember where those bonds are,
dialog: right?
text: Ferris points a finger in the air as a cue to his father.
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: Wrong.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Oh, yeah? You're pulling my leg. You're
dialog: just trying to cheer me up.
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: Like hell I am. They're in a shoebox
dialog: in my closet.
text: Ferris smiles. He looks at CAMERA. He's gotten exactly what
dialog: he wants.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (to CAMERA, normal
dialog: voice)
dialog: Was that a class move or what?
dialog: The guy gave it up faster than
dialog: a drunk Catholic girl. I hope my
dialog: kids don't pull this shit on me.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Of course, if they didn't, they'd
dialog: be dumb and abnormal and they'd
dialog: probably never move out of my
dialog: house and I'd have to support them
dialog: until I die. I take it back.
dialog: (to the phone,
dialog: sick voice)
dialog: Dad? All this talking has made me
dialog: kind of light-headed. I think
dialog: I better lie down.
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: Okay, pal. You take care. I'll
dialog: call you after lunch.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You don't have to, Dad.
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: I want to. Bye now.
text: He hangs up. Ferris sighs.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You win some, you lose some.
text: He turns his desk chair around and gets up.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm so disappointed in Cameron.
text: Twenty bucks says he's sitting
dialog: in his car debating about whether
dialog: or not he should go out.
scene_heading: 69 INT. CAR. CAMERON 69
text: He's sitting behind the wheel of his car.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: We're gonna get caught. No doubt
dialog: about it.
text: He cuts the engine.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I'm not doing it.
text: He sits for half a beat.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: He'll keep calling until I come
dialog: over.
text: He sighs and restarts the engine. Another beat.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Actually, what'll happen is I'll
dialog: get caught. Ferris'll escape.
text: Another beat. He stops the engine. A CRASH OF HORROR MUSIC.
scene_heading: 70 CU. DRESSER DRAWER 70
text: Hands curl around the drawer pulls. The drawer is opened
text: slowly, ominously. The hands lift a sweater out. A HERALDIC
text: STING as we see a men's magazine beneath the sweater.
scene_heading: INT. FERRIS' ROOM
text: He takes out the magazine. He leafs through the pages for
text: the pictorials as he speaks.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron'll go on like that for a
dialog: good thirty minutes. The guy
dialog: is a shellfish when it comes to
dialog: making a decision. The reason
dialog: he doesn't fell good is, he
dialog: worries about everything. He's
dialog: the only guy I know who's deeply
dialog: concerned that when he grows up
dialog: there'll be a critical shortage
dialog: of strategic metals.
text: He exits the room.
scene_heading: 71 INT. HALLWAY 71
text: Ferris comes out of his room and heads down the hallway.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron's also the only guy
dialog: I know who knows what strategic
dialog: metals are.
dialog: (waves the magazine)
dialog: Pardon moi.
text: He goes into the bathroom. We HEAR THE TOILET SEAT SLAM
speaker_heading: DOWN.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (sings)
dialog: MAYBE I'M JUST LIKE MY MOTHER,
text: SHE'S NEVER SATISFIED...
scene_heading: 72 INT. CLASSROOM. LATER 72
text: A stunningly beautiful girl, SLOANE PETERSON, is sitting at
text: her desk in a history class. She's staring out the window as
text: a tweedy MALE TEACHER delivers a dry, dusty lecture.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Roosevelt's health had seriously
dialog: deteriorated by the time he met
dialog: with Churchill and Stalin at Yalta.
dialog: (sneezes)
dialog: Pardon me.
text: The classroom door opens and the school NURSE walks in. For
text: a moment, the teacher thinks she's come in because she heard
text: him sneeze. She crosses to him and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
text: She, like the others, watches the nurse curiously.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM. TEACHER AND NURSE
text: The teacher's face drops as he's delivered an obvious piece
text: of disturbing news. He nods grimly to the Nurse. She looks
text: at the kids.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Sloane Peterson?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
text: Sits up in her seat.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: She's a picture of compassion and understanding.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: May I see you outside for a moment?
dialog: There's been an emergency.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
text: A smile curls across her lips. As she gathers her books she
text: looks to the GIRL next to her.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Dead grandmother.
scene_heading: 73 INT. HALLWAY 73
text: The Nurse is gently holding Sloane's hand.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (nods solemnly)
dialog: Dead grandmother.
scene_heading: 74 CU. ROONEY 74
text: He has a suspicious look on his face.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Dead grandmother?
scene_heading: INT. DEAN'S OFFICE
text: Rooney's at his desk. His secretary is standing across from
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: That's what Mr. Peterson said. I
dialog: had Florence Sparrow notify Sloane.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Who's this girl's going with?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: It's so hard to tell. I see her
dialog: alot with Ferris Bueller.
text: Rooney smiles. His suspicions are confirmed.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Could you get me Mr. Peterson's
dialog: daytime number?
text: As the secretary starts out of the room, Rooney's phone
text: rings. She stops and answers the desk phone.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: Edward Rooney's office.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes. Can you hold? Thank you.
text: She puts the call on hold.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: It's Mr. Peterson.
text: Rooney is startled. He thinks for a beat then reaches for
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Do you still want his number?
text: Rooney answers her with an annoyed look. She smiles and
text: backs out. He punches the phone button.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Ed Rooney.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Ed? This is George Peterson.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: How are you today, sir?
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: We've had a bit of bad luck this
dialog: morning as you may have heard.
text: Rooney rolls his eyes. It's so obvious it's not Mr.
dialog: Peterson.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I heard. And, gosh, I'm all broken
dialog: up. Huh? Oh, sure. I'd be happy to
dialog: release Sloane. You produce a corpse
dialog: and I'll release Sloane. I want to
dialog: see this dead grandmother firsthand.
text: The secretary stops cold in the doorway. She turns to Rooney
text: in horror. He covers the phone.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: It's Ferris Bueller. Nervy litttle
dialog: punk. I'm gonna set a trap and let
dialog: his walk right into it!
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: That's right. Cart the stiff in and
dialog: I'll turn over your daughter. It's
dialog: school policy. Was this your mother?
text: Rooney's other line rings.
scene_heading: 75 INT. SECRETARY'S OFFICE 75
text: She steps out of Rooney's office and picks up the other
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: Ed Rooney's office.
text: Her jaw drops.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Hold, please.
text: She puts the call on hold and hangs up. She hurried into
dialog: Rooney's office.
scene_heading: 76 INT. DEAN'S OFFICE 76
text: Rooney's chewing out the person on the other line.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I'll tell you want, you don't
dialog: like my policies, you can just
dialog: come on down and smooch by big
dialog: old ugly ass. You hear me?
text: The secretary comes in. She's waving her arms furiously.
text: Rooney tries to wave her away. He's angry. She stomps her
text: foot. Rooney covers the phone.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: What!?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: Ferris Bueller's on line two.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY'S FOOT
text: It freezes in mid-tap.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY'S HAND
text: The pencils falls from his fingers.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY'S FACE
text: A mask of horror. He glances at the phone.
speaker_heading: CU. PHONE
text: The second line light is flashing.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He blinks, cocks his head, twitches.
scene_heading: 77 INT. FERRIS' ROOM 77
text: He's zipping his pants, fastening his belt. The phone's
text: cradled against his shoulder. He speaks in the same voice he
dialog: used on his father.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Mr. Rooney? I'm sorry to disturb
dialog: you at work but I was wondering if
dialog: it would be possible for my sister
dialog: to bring home any assignments from
dialog: my classes that I may need.
scene_heading: 78 INT. DEAN'S OFFICE. ROONEY 78
text: He's staring blankly ahead.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: CU. PHONE
text: Rooney's finger gingerly presses the button on the waiting
dialog: call.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He winces as he returns to the first call.
scene_heading: 79 INT. FERRIS' HOUSE. KITCHEN 79
text: Cameron's on the phone in the kitchen. He's doing a deep,
text: phoney "father" voice.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You oughta be sorry for Christ's
dialog: sake! A family member dies and
dialog: you insult me. What's the matter
dialog: with you, anyway?
scene_heading: 80 INT. DEAN'S OFFICE. ROONEY 80
text: He apologies profusely to Cameron. He's perspiring,
dialog: trembling.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I don't know. I thought you were
dialog: someone else. You have to know,
dialog: sir, that I would never deliberately
dialog: insult you. I can't begin to tell
dialog: you how embarrassed I am.
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S VOICE
dialog: Pardon my French but you're an asshole!
text: Rooney nods enthusiastically.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Absolutely! I most certainly am.
scene_heading: 81 INT. KITCHEN 81
text: Cameron lays into Rooney.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: This isn't over yet, buster. You
dialog: just make sure my daughter's out
text: in front of the school in ten
dialog: minutes. Do you read me?
speaker_heading: ROONEY'S VOICE
dialog: Load and clear, Mr. Peterson.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Call me sir, goddamn it!
speaker_heading: ROONEY'S VOICE
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: That's better.
text: Ferris strolls into the kitchen to catch the last of the
text: conversation. Cameron covers the phone.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (to Ferris)
dialog: I'm scared shitless, Ferris! What
dialog: is Rooney guesses my voice!
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Impossible. You're doing great.
text: Cameron sighs and goes back to the phone.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: I don't have all day to bark at you
dialog: so I'll make this short and sweet.
text: Ferris gives Cameron an enthusiastic thumbs up.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (mouths)
dialog: Great!
text: Cameron smiles proudly.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I want my daughter out in front
dialog: of the school in ten minutes. By
dialog: herself. I don's want anyone around...
text: Ferris smacks Cameron. He's said the wrong thing. He covers
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What'd I do?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Out in front my herself? It's too
dialog: suspicious! He'll think something's
dialog: up, moron. Cover it.
text: Cameron panics. He holds the phone out to Ferris.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You do it!
text: Ferris waves his arms angrily.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Talk!
text: Cameron takes a deep breath. He clears his throat and puts
text: on his father's voice.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I changed my mind, fella. You be out
dialog: in front with her! I wanna have a
dialog: few words with you!
text: Ferris slaps Cameron. The phone flies out of his hand.
scene_heading: 82 CU. ROONEY 82
text: He winces as the phone hits the floor with a loud CLONK!
text: We HEAR THE BOYS SCRAMBLING TO PICK UP THE PHONE, THEN
text: CAMERON CLEARING HIS THROAT.
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S VOICE
dialog: On second thought, I don't have
dialog: time to talk to you. We'll get
text: together soon and have lunch.
text: We HEAR A SLAP AND THE CALL DISCONNECTS.
scene_heading: 83 INT. FERRIS' KITCHEN 83
text: Cameron's rubbing the side of his head.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Why'd you hit me?!
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Where's your brain?!
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Why'd you hit me?!
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Where's your brain?!
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Why'd you hit me?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Where's your brain?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I asked you first.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: How can we pick up Sloane if Rooney's
dialog: going to be there with her?!
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I said for her to be there alone
dialog: and you freaked!
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: My, God, you're so stupid!
dialog: (aside)
dialog: I didn't hit you, I lightly slapped
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You hit me. Look, don't ask me to
dialog: participate in your crap if you
dialog: don't like the way I do it!
text: Ferris is incredulous at Cameron's stupidity. Cameron's
text: anger is intensified by his embarrassment.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I was home, sick. You get me out of
dialog: bed, being me over here, make me
dialog: jeopardize my future, make me do
text: a phoney phone call on a dean of
dialog: students, a man who could squeeze
dialog: my nuts into oblivion and then
dialog: you deliberately hurt my feelings.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I didn't deliberately hurt your feelings.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Oh, really?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Yeah, really.
text: Cameron glares at Ferris.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Hey, Ferris? Have a nice life.
text: He turns and heads out of the room. Ferris sighs.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Stick it up your ass, Ferris.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron, I'm sorry. I didn't mean
dialog: to jam you. It was uncalled for.
text: Cameron stops.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You're serious?
text: He turns around.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Dead serious.
text: Cameron smiles. He appreciates Ferris apology.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You did screw up through, right?
dialog: Not that is was necessarily all
dialog: you fault. Right?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: To fix this situation, I'm going
dialog: to have to ask you for a small favor.
text: Cameron's jaw drops.
scene_heading: 84 INT. GARAGE 84
text: The door opens slowly, dramatically as we hear a heraldic
text: fanfare. Light streams in to reveal Cameron and Ferris
text: looking at the car. Ferris is smiling with excitement and
text: awe. Cameron is frowning with trepidation and fear.
scene_heading: CU. FERRARI STALLION
text: The prancing black stallion. We move up from the stallion to
text: the erotic red hood of a 1958 Ferrari 250 GTS California.
scene_heading: CAMERON AND FERRIS
text: Cameron's face is ashen. The end of the world is at hand.
dialog: Ferris is in heaven.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (grim monotone)
dialog: 1958 Ferrari 250 GTS California. Less
dialog: than a hundred were made. It has a
dialog: market value of $265,000. My father
dialog: spent three years restoring it. It
dialog: is joy, it is his love, it is his
dialog: passion.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It is his fault he didn't lock the
dialog: garage.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Ferris, my father loves this car more
dialog: than life itself. We can't take is out.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: A man with priorities so far out of
dialog: whack doesn't deserve such a fine
dialog: automobile.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: He never drives it, Ferris. He just
text: rubs it with a diaper.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: We can't pick up Sloane in your car,
dialog: Cameron. Rooney'd never believe Mr.
dialog: Peterson drives that piece of shit.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It's not a piece of shit.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It's a piece of shit. Don't worry
dialog: about it. I don't even have a piece
dialog: of shit. I have to envy yours. Look,
dialog: I'm sorry but there's nothing else
dialog: we can do.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: He knows the mileage, Ferris. He has
text: it tatooed on his wrist.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: He doesn't trust you?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Alright, look, this is real simple.
text: He puts his arm around Cameron.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Whatever miles we put on it, we'll
dialog: take off.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (big, proud smile)
dialog: We'll drive home backwards.
text: Cameron shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Forget it. I'm putting my foot down,
dialog: Ferris. You'll have to think of
dialog: something else...
scene_heading: CU. FERRARI GRILLE
text: Cameron's protests are drowned out by the distinctive roar
dialog: of the twelve cylinders.
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S VOICE
dialog: ...You're not talking me into this
dialog: one. I have to live with the man.
dialog: I'm sorry but...
text: The roar of the engine is overtaken by the sound of a
text: crowded school hallway.
scene_heading: 85 INT. SCHOOL. JEANIE 85
text: She comes out of a classroom. She stops as Sloane and Rooney
text: walk past. Sloane has her coat on and she's carrying her
text: books. Jeanie watches her suspiciously.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. SCHOOL 86
text: The Ferrari is parked out in front. The top is down.
scene_heading: 87 INT. FERRARI 87
text: Ferris is driving. He's wearing a man's hat and sunglasses.
text: Cameron's in the back.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Are you crazy?! Put the top back
dialog: up!
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: This is perfect top-down weather.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What about Rooney?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron, the more obvious we are,
dialog: the less likely we are to get
dialog: caught.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: That makes no sense whatsoever.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: The adult mind is a suspicious
dialog: machine.
dialog: (look around at Cameron)
dialog: Stay down, man.
text: Cameron squeezes himself lower.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Howcome it's my Dad's car and
dialog: I'm taking all the risk and I have
dialog: to ride back here?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I don't have an explanation.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. SCHOOL 88
text: Rooney and Sloane come out the door.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Once again let me say how deeply
dialog: saddened I am by your loss.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Were you close to your grandmother?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Oh. Um. Yeah. Very. She was a terrific
dialog: lady. Very hip. Very old. Yeah.
speaker_heading: DEEP VOICE
dialog: Oh, Sloane! Dear!
text: Sloane looks across at the Ferrari. Rooney looks.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: Ferris is looking out across the roof of the Ferrari. He's
text: careful to keep his nose and mouth below the roofline.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Hurry along now!
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL
text: Rooney's suspicious. Sloane smiles and bids Rooney a hasty
dialog: farewell.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I guess that's my Dad. Thanks.
dialog: See ya.
text: She hurries to the car. Rooney watches her. Something does
dialog: compute for him.
scene_heading: 89 INT. SCHOOL. JEANIE 89
text: She's watching out the door. She sees the Ferrari pull away.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. SCHOOL. ROONEY 90
text: He can't quite put his finger on what's bothering him.
scene_heading: 91 INT. FERRARI 91
text: Sloane shrieks with delight. She leans across the console
text: and gives Ferris a kiss.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: This is so great! I can't believe
dialog: it! Right in front of Rooney!
text: She laughs and turns to Cameron.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Hi, Cameron. You comfortable?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Hi. No.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What a fabulous car!
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Enjoy it quick. It' s going home.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It was risky, it was bold but
dialog: it was totally necessary.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What're we gonna do?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: The question isn't "what are we
dialog: gonna do", the question is "what
dialog: aren't we going to do."
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Don't tell me we're not going to
dialog: take the car home. Please.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
speaker_heading: (to CAMERA)
dialog: If you had access to a car like this
dialog: would you take it back right away?
dialog: Would you give up feeling like a
dialog: ton just to ease your best friend's
dialog: tension?
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Either would I.
scene_heading: 92 EXT. STREET. FERRARI 92
text: It accelerates away like a shot.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. SUBURBAN BANK 93
text: A fresh, modern bank building. The clock outside read 9:53.
text: The Ferrari pulls into the parking lot.
scene_heading: 94 INT. BANK. DOORS 94
text: Ferris, Cameron and Sloane walk in. Ferris is cocky and
text: confident. Sloane's still intoxicated with her freedom.
text: Cameron's having stomach trouble. Ferris leads the way to an
text: open teller window.
scene_heading: INT. BANK. TELLER
text: A WOMAN about seventy with a silver blue beehive. It's about
dialog: four inches higher the highest beehive you're ever seen. As
text: she moves the beehive hits a small sign over her head. She's
text: been at the bank since they opened. She smiles when she sees
dialog: Ferris.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Ferris Bueller?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: He's at the window. On either shoulder are Cameron and
text: Sloane. Ferris smiles. Cameron blanches.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Froeling. How are you?
speaker_heading: TELLER
text: She pats the rock-solid mass of blue hair. In doing so she
text: locates a missing ball point pen. She withdraws it from the
text: hair and smiles at it's reappearance.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: I passed a kidney stone Tuesday, so
dialog: I'm a little pooped but other than
dialog: that, I'm as chipper as can be.
dialog: (something occurs to her)
dialog: Say, should you be in school?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: He lays his savings bonds on the counter.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Me?
dialog: (polite laugh)
dialog: I'm out of school, Mrs. Froeling.
dialog: In fact. I'm married. This is my
dialog: wife...Madonna.
text: Sloane suppresses a laugh.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (to Cameron)
dialog: And this is my brother-in-law,
dialog: ZZ Top. ZZ, this is Mrs. Froeling.
text: Cameron isn't amused.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: (to Cameron)
dialog: Is Top a Slavic name?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'd like to cash these in, please.
dialog: We're having a baby and we need the
dialog: cash for a crib, clothes, diapers,
dialog: food pellets, leash, water dish...
scene_heading: INT. BANK. TELLER WINDOW
text: Mrs. Froeling takes the bonds with a hearty smile. The
text: latter part of the conversation sails over her like a line
dialog: drive.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: A baby!
dialog: (to Sloane)
dialog: You must be so excited.
text: Cameron groans and turns away from the sham.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I'm thrilled, ma'am. I'm especially
dialog: looking forward to wearing those
text: jeans with the stretch panel in
dialog: front.
text: Mrs. Froeling thumbs through the bonds.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Are you hoping for a boy or
dialog: a girl?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Actually, we're hoping for a car.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: He's spooked by the games playing. He scans the bank
text: nervously. He blinks, focuses, blinks again.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Joyce is with a MIDDLE-AGED COUPLE and their bored,
text: sour-puss teenage son, BOYD. He's sitting in a chair with
text: his legs slung over the sides waving a Bic lighter back and
text: forth across his rump. The parents are Joyce's clients from
text: Vermont. A LOAN OFFICER is discussing the local financing
text: situation with them. His is an open office adjacent to the
text: teller windows. Joyce's back is to the tellers.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: It's like he's just witnesses an ax murder.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Shit...
scene_heading: INT. BANK. JOYCE
text: Her back is to the teller windows. She's conducting her
text: meeting. Behind her we see Cameron grab Ferris and point her
text: out to him. He waves. Cameron slaps his arm.
scene_heading: INT. BANK. TELLER WINDOW
text: Mrs. Froeling shows Ferris the savings bonds.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: These bonds aren't mature. If you hold
dialog: onto them another two years you'll get
dialog: an additional four dollars...
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm aware of that.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: You're throwing away four dollars.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: No, ma'am, I'm giving it to the
dialog: government. They need it. Do you
dialog: know what an aircraft carrier's
dialog: going for these days?
scene_heading: INT. BANK. JOYCE
text: She concludes her meeting. She shakes hands with the loan
text: officer and stands. The Vermont Couple stands. Boyd scrapes
text: the bottom of his shoe on the desk, leaving a glob of mud
text: behind and he stands. Joyce turns into the bank. Ferris,
text: Cameron and Sloane are gone. She escorts her customers out.
scene_heading: INT. BANK. DOOR
text: Joyce and the Vermont Couple approach the doors. Boyd lays a
text: luggie in the drinking fountain. Mrs. Froeling passes with
text: the savings bonds. She stops when she sees Joyce.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Mrs. Froeling, how are you?
scene_heading: MRS. FROELING
dialog: I passed a kidney stone Tuesday.
dialog: (shifts gears, to Joyce)
dialog: Say, you must be very proud.
text: Joyce doesn't know what she's talking about.
scene_heading: MRS. FROELING
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I met Madonna.
text: She pats Joyce on the arm.
scene_heading: MRS. FROELING
dialog: She told me everything. Keep me posted,
dialog: I'll want to send a gift.
text: She toodles on her way. Joyce and the Vermont Couple are
text: completely baffled.
scene_heading: 95 EXT. BANK 95
text: Joyce and the Vermont Couple walk along the side of the
text: bank, heading for the parking lot. Boyd's tagging along
text: behind. He picks up a stone and hurls it into the parking
dialog: lot.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: My son's home sick today. If
dialog: you wouldn't mind, on our way
dialog: back to the office, I'd like
text: to just run in and check up on him.
text: We HEAR A METALLIC PING! as Boyd's missle hits a car.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Of course.
text: They pass a show window. As they pass, we hold on the
dialog: window. It's promoting saving for college educations. A
text: mannequin father is congratulating his mannequin son in a
text: mortar and gown as a stiff Sloane, Ferris and Cameron look
text: on proudly.
scene_heading: 96 INT. DEAN'S OFFICE 96
text: His secretary is dialing a number for him.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: This is the Peterson's home.
text: She hands the phone to Rooney.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Watch your mouth this time.
text: Rooney glares at her.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Ferris Bueller's behind this. There's
dialog: no doubt in my mind. That's what I was
dialog: saying this morning. Why he has to be stopped.
dialog: He's got Sloane Peterson involved in this
dialog: thing now. See?
text: The secretary nods.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: And her grandmother, too.
scene_heading: 97 CU. PHONE ANSWER MACHINE 97
text: It clicks on. We hear a grieved woman's voice. It sounds an
dialog: awful lot like Sloane.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: We can't come to the phone right now.
dialog: We've had a death in the family. If
dialog: you need to reach us we'll be at
dialog: the following number...
scene_heading: 98 INT. DEAN'S OFFICE 98
text: Rooney quickly takes down a number.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. CAMERON'S HOUSE 99
text: His answering machine clicks on. We hear Cameron's voice.
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S VOICE
dialog: You have reached the Coughlin Bros.
dialog: Mortuary. We are unable to come to
dialog: the phone right now but if you'll leave
dialog: your name and number...
scene_heading: 100 INT. DEAN'S OFFICE 100
text: Rooney hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Something's going on, goddamn it.
text: The secretary's looking at a newspaper on Rooney's desk.
text: She's not listening to him.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: There's a railroad strike.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: And I'm going to stop it!
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: My brother-in-law'll appreciate it.
text: Rooney looks at her, puzzled.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: My brother-in-law rides the train
dialog: to work.
text: Rooney stares at her like she's crazy.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Who gives a good goddamn?
scene_heading: 101 EXT. EDENS EXPRESSWAY 101
text: The major thoroughfare into the city of Chicago from the
text: suburbs. The Ferrari streaks past. In the distance we see
dialog: the Sears Tower, the Hancock Building and the Standard Oil
dialog: Building.
scene_heading: 102 INT. SCHOOL. HALLWAY 102
text: Jeanie's walking down the hall. She's stopped by a KID with
dialog: a Coke can.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Yo. We're collecting money to
dialog: buy Ferris Bueller a new kidney.
text: Jeanie stares at him. She's flabbergasted at the proportions
text: her brother's scan has reached.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: They run about fifty g's so it
dialog: you could help out...
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Go piss up a flagpole!
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Huh?
text: She knocks the can out of his hands and storms down the hall.
text: The kid yells after her.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Hey, babe! Some day you might
dialog: need a favor from Ferris Bueller!
dialog: Then where'll you be?!
text: He reaches for the can.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Heartless wench...
scene_heading: 103 EXT. CHICAGO LOOP. PARKING GARAGE 103
text: The Ferrari pulls into a large parking garage.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE
text: Ferris, Sloane and Cameron get out. Cameron's having fits.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: We can't leave the car here!
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Because we can't! I want it back
dialog: home where it belongs!
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What could happen to it?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It could get stolen, wrecked, scratched,
dialog: you name it.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'll give the guy a five to watch it.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What guy?
scene_heading: CU. PARKING ATTENDANT
text: He smiles with relish at the car. 6'6", 240. An IQ that
text: equals his hourly wage. Shoulder-length hair stuffed into a
text: hairnet Gold teeth. Earring. Goatee.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT
text: The Attendant swaggers over to the car. Ferris slips him a
dialog: give.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You speak English?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Since I was three.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Great. I want to you take extra special
dialog: care of this vehicle, okay?
text: He pats the Attendant on the arm. He smiles.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Like it's a beautiful woman.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I appreciate it.
text: The Attendant very gingerly gets into the car. Ferris turns
text: to Cameron. The Ferrari pulls into the lot very slowly, very
text: carefully. No squealing tires, no revving engine.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: See what a finski can do to
dialog: a person's attitude? He's going
dialog: to treat it like a beautiful
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Yeah, sure. Whip it with a stick
text: and piss on the hood.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Oh, please, Cameron. Do you have to
dialog: be so graphic?
text: She heads down the street.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: This is so right!
text: Ferris nudges Cameron on. They exit the garage and head
text: after Sloane. A long beat and the Ferrari creeps down the
text: exit ramp of the garage. It's gone in the entrance and out
text: the exit. Another attendant jumps in the passenger side.
text: He's skinny, tall, with a huge knit hat willed with dreads.
text: He lets out a spirited laugh and the Ferrari peels out of
text: the lot. It heads down the street away from Sloane, Ferris
dialog: and Cameron.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. FERRIS' HOUSE 104
text: Joyce's care pulls in the driveway. She gets out and heads up
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: 105 INT. FERRIS' ROOM 105
text: It's dark. There's a figure in the bed. We hear soft
text: snoring. A wire runs from under the bed covers to the closet
text: door to the door to the room itself.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM. DOOR KNOB
text: The wire is tied to the doorknob. It's taut. Downstairs, we
text: hear a door open and close.
scene_heading: 106 INT. HOUSE. STAIRWAY 106
text: Joyce quietly walks up the stairs.
scene_heading: 107 INT. HOUSE. HALLWAY 107
text: Joyce comes up the stairs and crosses to Ferris' room. She
text: listens at the door. WE HEAR THE SNORING.
scene_heading: CU. DOORKNOB
text: Joyce slowly turns the doorknob and pushes the door open a
dialog: crack.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: The door opens and the figure-like lump in the bed moves.
scene_heading: CU. JOYCE
text: She smiles and closes the door.
scene_heading: 108 INT. ROOM. CLOSET 108
text: The closet door is open. The wire from the bedroom door is
text: strung over the top of the closet door. A trophy is attached
text: to the end of the wire and it's resting on a yard stick. As
text: the bedroom door closes, the trophy lifts up off the
text: yardstick and the lump in the bed goes back down to it's
dialog: original position.
scene_heading: CU. FERRIS' SYNTHESIZER
text: Little LED's are lighting up to the rhythm of the snoring.
text: The snoring it simulated.
scene_heading: 109 INT. HALLWAY 109
text: Joyce listens at the door another beat. She's smiles with
dialog: relief and affection.
scene_heading: 110 EXT. SEARS TOWER. LATER 110
text: HELICOPTER SHOT moves in on the world's tallest building. As
text: it passes we see three figures pressed against the windows.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (VO)
text: This is the world's tallest building.
dialog: From our vantage point here on the
dialog: 103 floor, we are provided with a
dialog: view of four states.
speaker_heading: CAMERON (VO)
dialog: Do you think the car's alright?
speaker_heading: FERRIS (VO)
dialog: Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin and
dialog: my personal favorite, Indiana.
scene_heading: 111 INT. SEARS TOWER OBSERVATION DECK 111
text: Ferris, Cameron and Sloane are standing against the window.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I don't feel good, Ferris. Are
dialog: we gonna stay long?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Take a step back...
text: Ferris steps back. Sloane and Cameron follow suit.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Now, lean against the glass. Like
dialog: this...
text: He leans forward, putting all his weight on his forehead.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: And look down.
text: Sloane leans forward. Cameron follows, reluctantly.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Oh, shit!
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: The street far, far below. A dizzying view.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION DECK
text: The three are leaning against the glass.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What if the glass gives?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Death.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: He's looking down.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I think I see my Dad.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. STREET LEVEL 112
text: A middle-aged man, Cameron's father, HORACE FRYE, is
text: standing on the street corner. He's lean, clean, tough and
text: humorless. He's wearing a puzzled look on his face.
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S FATHER
dialog: I think I see my car.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The Ferrari screams down the avenue and disappears down the
dialog: underground ramp.
scene_heading: 113 INT. SEARS TOWER LOBBY 113
text: Ferris and Sloane bound down the escalator. Cameron follows
text: glumly. They dance past the giant Calder mobile. They're
dialog: singing.
scene_heading: FERRIS AND SLOANE
text: I BEEN ALL 'ROUND THIS GREAT BIG WORLD
text: AND I'VE SEEN ALL KINDS OF GIRLS
text: YEAH, BUT I COULDN'T WAIT TO GET
text: BACK IN THE STATES
text: BACK TO THE CUTEST GIRLS IN THE WORLD
dialog: I WISH THEY ALL COULD BE CALIFORNIA
dialog: I WISH THEY ALL COULD BE CALIFORNIA
scene_heading: 114 EXT. STREET 114
text: Ferris and Sloane burst out the doors garnering the annoyed
text: stares of the business people busily going in and out of the
text: building. Cameron politely waits his turn to exit. Ferris
text: and Sloane head down the street. Cameron follows.
scene_heading: FERRIS AND SLOANE
text: I WISH THEY ALL COULD BE CALIFORNIA GIRLS!
scene_heading: 115 EXT. CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE 115
text: Giant old monolith.
scene_heading: 116 INT. CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE. TRADING ROOM 116
text: Traders are frantically buying and selling commodities.
scene_heading: 117 INT. GALLERY 117
text: Ferris, Cameron and Sloane are sitting in the gallery
text: watching the proceedings.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Do you love me?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Do you love me?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I asked you first.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Yes. You?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Would I trash a day of education to
dialog: be with you if I didn't love you?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Would I risk damaging a deep and
dialog: wonderfully enriching relationship
dialog: with my parents if I didn't love you?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Would I have introduced you as my wife
dialog: if I didn't love you?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Wait a minute. That was a lie.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: True.
text: Ferris puts his arm around Sloane.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Would you want to get married? I
dialog: mean if I wasn't an asshole.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Today?
text: Sloane stares at him. Is he serious.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm game.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: No way!
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'll do it, if you will.
text: Cameron suddenly adds his two cents.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You need a blood test.
text: Ferris looks around at him.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: If your blood's not compatible,
dialog: you could produce a pinhead. The
dialog: state requires a blood test.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: So, you can't get married today.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Tomorrow?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: If you get a blood test today.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I'm not getting married.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I'm with you, babe.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What do you mean, why not? Think
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Besides being too young and your
dialog: father hating my guts and not
dialog: having any place to live and feeling
dialog: awkward about being the only cheer-
dialog: leader with a husband, give me a
dialog: good reason why not.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I'll give you two. My mother and
dialog: father.
text: Ferris and Sloane look at him curiously.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
text: They're married and they hate each other.
dialog: (to Ferris)
dialog: You've seen them. Am I right?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You're father's a toad and your
dialog: Mom's always wired out, but so what?
dialog: They're old. That's natural.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It makes me puke. Seeing people
dialog: treat each other like that. It's
text: like the car. He loves the car.
dialog: He hates his wife.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: My parents are divorced. So what?
dialog: It's not like it doesn't happen
dialog: ten thousand times a day.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Just because it happens doesn't
dialog: make it right. Are you comfortable
dialog: with it?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: No. It's not something I can get comfortable
dialog: with. I've tried. Are yours divorced?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: They may as well be.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Do you think they're staying together
dialog: because of you?
text: Cameron hasn't seen it that way. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Do they like you?
dialog: It hasn't occured to Cameron that his parents might not like
dialog: him. That parental love might not be a given.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Yeah. Sure.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Consider this...my father canned me
dialog: and my brother and my Mom for a
dialog: twenty five year old dipso with fake
dialog: tits. He dropped us like a rock. Everything
dialog: was cool at our house. I thought so.
dialog: We all thought so. Then BLAM! It's over.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
speaker_heading: (to CAMERA)
dialog: This is all news to me. She keeps a
dialog: pretty good secret.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: (to Cameron)
dialog: It was pure selfishness. When I have
dialog: a kid, I don't care how much I want
dialog: something, if it's gonna screw-up the
dialog: kid, forget it.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
speaker_heading: (to CAMERA)
dialog: She's not lying.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You could change.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Yeah. But I'm gonna try not to.
dialog: I'm gonna think about it. I'm
dialog: gonna try to prevent it.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: This is optomism. It's a common
dialog: trait with my age group. Adults
dialog: think it's cute, it's like a charming
dialog: quick that infests youth. But it's
dialog: a cool thing and I think, deep down,
dialog: crusty old shits wish they had some.
dialog: They wish they had her, too.
dialog: (points to Sloane)
dialog: Sorry. She's taken.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I'd rather not have my family break
dialog: apart, thank you.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Well, you know what? It ain't up
dialog: to you. It's out of your hands.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: So, I in other words, I should just
dialog: sit back and watch it crumble?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: You're merely an inhabitant in their
dialog: universe.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: Frightening choice of words.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: They call the shots. When you split
dialog: from them, you call the shots.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: So, you're saying I should run away?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: No. She's saying it's time for lunch.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Let's go feed Cameron.
text: They stand up and head out. Ferris hangs back a moment. He
text: cups his hands to his mouth. He yells at the top of his
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
speaker_heading: BUY!
text: And he exits. Cool and casual.
scene_heading: 118 INT. CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE. TRADING FLOOR 118
text: It explodes with activity in response to Ferris' shout.
text: We HEAR A RADIO ANNOUNCER.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Commodity prices rose sharply today
dialog: in unusually heavy trading...
scene_heading: 119 EXT. RESTAURANT 119
text: A French restaurant on the Gold Coast. It's noon.
scene_heading: 120 INT. RESTAURANT 120
text: Ferris, Sloane and Cameron are standing in the restaurant.
text: Ferris is looking at the maitre 'd's reservations book.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: His fingers runs down to a party of three for 12:00.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT
text: The maitre'd returns.
speaker_heading: MAITRE'D
dialog: (to Ferris)
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Yes. I'm Abe Frohman. Party of
dialog: three for 12:00.
text: The maitre'd looks at Ferris curiously.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Is there a problem?
speaker_heading: MAITRE'D
dialog: You're Abe Frohman?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm Abe Frohman.
speaker_heading: MAITRE'D
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: I'm sorry, son. I'm very busy right
dialog: now. If you have trouble finding the
dialog: door...
text: Sloane tugs Ferris' sleeve. He ignores her.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Are you suggesting that I'm not
dialog: who I say I am?
speaker_heading: MAITRE'D
dialog: Shall I call the police?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Let's go...Abe.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm not going anywhere.
dialog: (to the Maitre'd)
dialog: Call the police. Go ahead. Better
dialog: yet...
dialog: (grabs the phone)
dialog: ...I'll call myself.
text: Cameron chokes. Sloane grits her teeth. The maitre'd smiles
dialog: smuggly.
speaker_heading: CU. PHONE
text: Ferris punches out a number. A beat and the restaurant's
text: second line lights up and the phone rings.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT
text: The maitre'd motions for the phone so that he can answer the
text: call. Ferris waves him off angrily.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You touch me and I yell "rat!"
dialog: There's another phone around here.
dialog: Find it.
text: The maitre'd backs off.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Ferris, let's split, please?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Cameron's right. We're gonna
dialog: get busted.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Not a chance in the world.
text: He hands the phone to Sloane.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Ask for Abe Frohman.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT. LATER
text: Ferris, Sloane and Cameron are seated in the restaurant. The
text: maitre'd is hovering over Ferris.
speaker_heading: MAITRE'D
dialog: I appreciate your understanding.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Don't grovel, Charles. Just leave
dialog: us to our repast and all will be
dialog: forgotten.
speaker_heading: MAITRE'D
dialog: Enjoy your luncheon.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Thank you.
text: The maitre'd backs away. Ferris smiles. Sloane is impressed.
text: Cameron is flushed with nerves.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Darling, you were wonderful.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Oh, but I had a wonderful teacher.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron, dear friend?
text: Cameron looks to Ferris.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: And you thought we wouldn't have
dialog: any fun. Shame on you.
text: Ferris disappears behind his menu.
scene_heading: 121 EXT. SCHOOL 121
text: We HEAR HALLWAY SOUNDS AND JEANIE.
speaker_heading: JEANIE (VO)
text: Ferris Bueller's days are numbered.
scene_heading: 122 INT. GIRL'S LOCKER ROOM 122
text: Jeanie's sitting on a bench in a field hockey uniform. She's
text: talking to a FRIEND.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: (mean, vicious)
dialog: I'm gonna bust his buns.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Why? What's the point?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Why? Because I'm sick of the little
dialog: dope. He manipulates my parents, he
dialog: does whatever he wants, whenever he
dialog: wants and he never gets nailed.
dialog: (wicked pause)
dialog: Well, babe, today I'm the hammer.
text: She yanks angrily on the velcro strap on her sneakers. The
text: straps rip off in her hand.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: I think he's cute.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Sweetie, it's an established fact that
dialog: you have no taste. Ferris is not cute.
dialog: He's not charming. He's not nice. He's
dialog: not a wonderful person. He's an ignorant
dialog: mule and the sooner everybody in this
dialog: school comes to that realization the
dialog: better off we'll all be.
text: She displays the velcro straps to her friend.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: See? My brother strokes you, you
dialog: sympathize with him, I get pissed
dialog: off and this is what happens!
text: Jeanie tosses the straps on the floor.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Let me tell you something. I study
dialog: hard, I work hard, I'm polite, I'm
dialog: considerate, I'm friendly and fair
dialog: to all kinds of people. Except
dialog: morons. I try to be everything a
dialog: good, decent person should be and
dialog: you know what?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Everybody thinks you're an asshole.
text: Jeanie freezes with her next sentence pinned to her tongue.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: I don't think you're an asshole.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Who does?
text: Her friend smiles sheepishly.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Rachel?
text: Jeanie's friend shrugs, wags her head, does everything but
text: verbally confirm.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Rachel's a dirt bag. Who else?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: I don't know. Just forget it.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Forget that everybody thinks I'm an
dialog: asshole? Would you like everybody to
dialog: think you're an asshole?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Not everybody thinks you're an
dialog: asshole. Mr. Rooney likes you.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Oh, hey. That's exciting. A fat
text: fifty year old clod with B.O.
dialog: likes me.
text: Jeanie shakes her head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Would everybody be happier if
dialog: maybe I were to die in a flaming
dialog: car accident or something?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Maybe if you didn't cat like and
dialog: asshole...
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Am I acting like an asshole?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: I didn't mean it that way.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: I this a conspiracy to shit all
dialog: over me or something? Is my brother
dialog: behind this? Tell me if he is or I'll
dialog: sock your tits.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: You really do have a problem, Jeanie.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Me? I have a problem?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Somebody who threatens to sock people's
dialog: tits has a problem.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Alright. How about if I sock your
dialog: face?
text: Jeanie's friend gets up.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Take a walk, Jeanie.
text: Her friend exits.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: (yells after her)
dialog: If it means anything to you, I
dialog: have my period! MY BODY'S RIDDING
text: ITSELF OF OLD EGGS, GODDAMN IT!
text: She snarls and slumps against the lockers.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
text: He's gone. He's over. He's monkey meat.
scene_heading: 123 INT. MEN'S ROOM. CHEZ PAUL 123
text: Ferris is standing at the urinal.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: She's a person who views life as
text: an ordeal that must be endured. Her
text: body is a transport vehicle for her
dialog: anger. I don't know where she gets
dialog: this shit. Basically, the family's
dialog: pretty cool.
text: He looks down at the urinal.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I wonder if everybody shoots at
dialog: cigarette butts in urinals? Probably
dialog: not many women.
dialog: (continues)
dialog: I used to think that my family was
dialog: the only one that had weirdness
dialog: in it. It used to worry me. Then I
dialog: met Cameron and I saw how his
dialog: family functioned.
text: He zips this trousers and steps away from the urinal.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron's home life is really shit.
dialog: He wasn't lying. That's why he's sick
dialog: all the time. It really upsets him.
dialog: What he said about his parents hating
dialog: each other? I refuse to sleep over at
text: his house. His parents fight all the
dialog: time. Even when I'm there. Is there
dialog: anything worse than being at somebody's
dialog: house when their parents are fighting?
dialog: It's the absolute height of social
dialog: discomfort.
text: He checks his hair in the mirror.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: When they go after each other, Cameron
dialog: tightens up. It's scary. He gets so
dialog: wadded-up, you couldn't pry his buns
text: apart with a crowbar. The thing with
dialog: taking his old man's car? It's good
dialog: for him. It teaches him to deal with
dialog: his fear. Plus, and I must
dialog: be honest here, I love driving it.
dialog: I highly recommend picking one up.
text: He exists the men's room. We hold a beat. A toilet flushes.
text: Another beat and Tom walks out of the stall. He crosses to
dialog: the sink.
scene_heading: 124 INT. RESTAURANT 124
text: Cameron and Sloane have been served their lunches. They're
text: staring at the plates.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I don't know. But it looks like
text: it's already been eaten and digested.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I knew it was a mistake letting
dialog: Ferris order for us.
text: Ferris slides over to the table and drops into his seat.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Cameron looks at Ferris.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What is this shit?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You got me. I don't speak French.
text: He puts his napkin in his lap and smells his plate.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I think it's a land-based beefoid
dialog: creature.
text: He takes a bite. He savors the taste.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Splendid.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Superb.
text: Cameron and Sloane try theirs. They chew tentatively.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Good?
text: Sloane and Cameron shrug. It's not bad. A WAITER passes.
text: Ferris stops him.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Yo, Clouseau!
text: The waiter stops and looks at Ferris indignantly.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I have a growth on my brain that
dialog: causes memory lapses. Could you
dialog: tell me what we ordered here?
text: The waiter glances at the plates.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Sweetbreads.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Uh, huh. And what might that be?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Pancreas.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: As in the gland that has important
dialog: functions in digestion and metabolism?
scene_heading: CU. SLOANE AND CAMERON
text: They stop chewing. They're holding their sweetbreads in their
dialog: mouths.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He continues his questioning.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: ...That secretes a thick, colorless fluid
dialog: containing digestive enzymes? The home
dialog: of the world famous isles of Langerhans?
scene_heading: CU. WAITER
text: He nods broadly, knowing that he's spoiling the kids' meal.
scene_heading: CU. SLOANE AND CAMERON
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He pats his mouth with his napkin. He looks to Cameron and
text: Sloane. He raises a finger, holds it a beat and gives a cue.
scene_heading: CU. WAITER
text: He turns away as Sloane and Cameron spit out their food.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He watches Sloane and Cameron then glances at the waiter.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Check, please!
scene_heading: 125 EXT. RESTAURANT 125
text: Tom and his two GUESTS are standing at the curb, talking. A
text: cab is waiting. The door's open. In the B.G. Ferris, Sloane
text: and Cameron come out of the restaurant. They approach the
text: cab. Tom's back it to Ferris. Ferris stops cold.
scene_heading: FERRIS, SLOANE, CAMERON
text: They turns on cue at Tom, now in the B.G., turns toward the
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: 40,000 restaurants in the downtown
dialog: area and I pick the one my father
dialog: goes to.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: We're gonna get nabbed, for sure.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: No way, Cameron. Only the meek
dialog: get nabbed. The bold survive.
dialog: Let's go.
text: He turns to the cab. Sloane and Cameron turn slowly.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. CAB
text: Tom and his party are still jawing at curbside. Ferris,
text: Sloane and Cameron slowly approach the cab. Behind the backs
text: of the men, Ferris scoots Sloane into the cab. Cameron
text: dashes in. The Ferris hops the cab.
scene_heading: INT. CAB
text: Ferris slams the door.
scene_heading: CU. CAB DOOR HANDLE
text: A man's hand reaches for the handle as the cab pulls away.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT
text: Tom and his guests watch in bewilderment at their cab takes
text: off. MUSIC COMES UP.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. MUSEUM OR SCIENCE AND INDUSTRY 126
text: The grand old Chicago museum.
scene_heading: 127 INT. MUSEUM. OVERHEAD SHOT 127
text: The main gallery is crowded with school kids.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM. FLOOR
text: A class of kids walking along holding hands. Among the
text: second graders are Ferris, Sloane and Cameron, holding hands
text: looking like giant grade schoolers.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM. DISPLAY CASE
text: Baby chicks are hatching in a huge, round incubator. Sloane,
text: Ferris and Cameron are intently watching the process.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM. COAL MINE
text: Sloane, Ferris and Cameron ride in the coal train in the
text: coal mine replica. Ferris and Sloane are making out.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM. INDUSTRIAL DISPLAY
text: Sloane operates a metal press to produce a tin ashtray.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM. HEART REPLICA
text: A giant, walk-thru replica of a human heart. Ferris staggers
text: out of it, clutching his heart, feigning a massive heart
dialog: attack.
scene_heading: INT. GERMAN U-BOAT
text: Ferris is examining the controls of the captured U-Boat. He
text: checks to see if he's being watched then he presses a button
text: and pulls a lever.
scene_heading: CU. PROPELLER
text: For the first time in forty years, the screw turns.
scene_heading: CU. HUMAN FETUS IN A BOTTLE
text: The famous stages of life display which features bottled
text: fetuses. The ninth month. A tiny human being in a jar.
scene_heading: CU. SLOANE, FERRIS, CAMERON
text: Sloane wants to cry. Cameron's stomach is in his throat.
text: Ferris is lost in thought. The MUSIC ENDS.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: (remorsefully)
dialog: I wonder if he has a name?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (blank)
dialog: Ninth Month.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. CHICAGO RIVER. LONG, HIGH SHOT 128
text: From the Merchandise Mart, looking down the fetid, green
text: swath of water. A boat is rolling up the man-made canyon.
speaker_heading: CAMERON (VO)
dialog: Are you guys worried about nuclear war?
speaker_heading: FERRIS (VO)
dialog: Cameron, it's a beautiful day, we've
dialog: won our freedom, we're traveling down
dialog: one of American's most scenic polluted
dialog: waterways and you have to bring up
dialog: nuclear war?
speaker_heading: SLOANE (VO)
dialog: It is kind of raggy subject, Cam.
speaker_heading: CAMERON (VO)
dialog: Regardless. It's with us every day.
text: The possiblity of global destruction.
speaker_heading: SLOANE (VO)
dialog: Don't you think it's an issue because
dialog: people need something to worry about?
dialog: They have to like, have some major
dialog: problem that puts all their little
dialog: bullshit into some kind of persepective?
speaker_heading: CAMERON (VO)
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: They used to have Viet Nam. They
dialog: used to have the oil crisis stuff
dialog: and Iran. That's over and people
dialog: have to have their big issue. It's
dialog: not like somebody came up with the
dialog: nuclear holocaust yesterday at
dialog: noon, you know.
speaker_heading: SLOANE (VO)
dialog: To answer your question...No, I'm not
dialog: worried about it at all.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (VO)
dialog: We don't know when the bombs going
dialog: off. We do know, however, that college
text: starts in the fall.
speaker_heading: CAMERON (VO)
dialog: (dramatic, deadly serious)
dialog: Do you know what a nuclear winter is?
dialog: Long beat.
speaker_heading: SLOANE (VO)
dialog: Yeah. Everybody's dead, it's real
dialog: cold and the skiing's for shit.
text: The boat makes the turn in the river and CLEARS FRAME.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT DOCK
text: The three are sitting on the aft deck of the tour boat.
text: Their feet are up on the railing. Very casual, very relaxed.
text: Discussing the end of the world.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: My step-father's always going off about
dialog: how when he was young he was committed to
dialog: all these causes.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: He's full of shit. All the old hippies
dialog: are full of shit.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: He says I don't care about things like
dialog: he did.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: What's he care about now?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
text: Baldness, fatty meats and money.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I rest my case.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What's spooky is they still control
dialog: everything. They took over when they
dialog: were young and they never gave it up.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: One of the most frightening experiences
dialog: of my young life has been observing
dialog: my parents and our neighbors playing
text: the Baby Boom Edition of Trivial Pursuits.
text: It's chilling to see people crazed with
dialog: the minutia of their past.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It's human nature to like what you had
dialog: better than what you have.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Agreed.
text: A loud speaker on the boat identifies a point of interest.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
text: TO YOUR LEFT IT THE WORLD'S TALLEST
text: BUILDING...
text: The three look to the left.
scene_heading: LOUDSPEAKER, FERRIS,
speaker_heading: SLOANE, CAMERON
dialog: The Sears Tower.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You know, this is all very interesting
dialog: but I'm starving.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: An hour ago you wanted to yack.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I feel better now.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: Lean over and grab a fish.
text: Cameron looks over the side of the boat. An obtuse thought
text: flashes through Sloane's brain.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What comes after a nuclear winter?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Nuclear spring.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. SCHOOL 129
dialog: Meanwhile...
scene_heading: 130 INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE THE DEAN'S OFFICE 130
text: Jeanie is having a small moral debate with herself.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
text: It's reprehensible to squeal on
dialog: your own flesh and blood...but it's
dialog: for his own good. His cavalier
dialog: attitude will get him into trouble
dialog: later in life...and it'll continue
dialog: to piss me off and I'll get so
dialog: wadded-up that it'll cause cervex cancer
dialog: and he'll ruin my life. Screw him.
text: She slips into the Dean's outer office.
scene_heading: 131 INT. DEAN'S OUTER OFFICE 131
text: Rooney's secretary is behind her desk. Jeanie walks in. The
text: secretary looks up and greets her with a weary smile.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Hello, Jeanie. Who's bothering
dialog: you now?
text: Jeanie scowls at her.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Is Dean Rooney in?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I'm sorry, he's out. Can I help you?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: (condescending)
dialog: I seriously doubt it. When's he back?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I don't know. He left the grounds
dialog: on personal business.
scene_heading: 132 EXT. STREET. CU. CURB 132
text: A car tire rolls into FRAME and stops. Slide across to the
text: sidewalk. Rooney's dress shoe steps out onto the pavement.
text: Move up to reveal Rooney standing at the door of his
text: bile-green LeBaron. Rooney peels off his shades and looks
text: around like he's Dirty Harry. In his mind he is Dirty Harry.
scene_heading: CU. FIRE HYDRANT
text: Rooney's dres shoe on the hydrant. He ties his lace and
text: pulls up his sock.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Rooney straightens his tie and jacket and slips into a rowdy
dialog: hot dog joint.
scene_heading: 133 INT. HOT DOG STAND 133
text: It's jammed with construction workers, secretaries, suburban
text: businessmen. It's loud and confusing. Rooney pushes his way
text: in and scopes the crowd.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: A young person is playing a video game in a far corner.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He suspects it's Ferris. It look sort of like Ferris. He
text: smiles and cuts into the crowd.
text: CU. THE BACK OF THE VIDEO PLAYER'S HEAD
text: MOVE IN on the player.
speaker_heading: ROONEY (OC)
dialog: I've been waiting a long time
dialog: for this.
text: The player looks up.
speaker_heading: ROONEY (OC)
dialog: Your ass is mine.
text: The player turns around. It's a GIRL.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: The blood evacuates his face. He stares at the girl.
speaker_heading: CU. GIRL
text: She stares at him. She picks up her Coke. She puts the straw
text: to her lips and sucks.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He's still staring. He can't think of anything to say.
speaker_heading: CU. GIRL
text: Holding the straw in the mouth, she draws it out of the cup.
text: She raises it, pointing it directly in Rooney's face.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He squints
speaker_heading: CU. GIRL
text: She blows a strawful of Coke in Rooney's face.
scene_heading: CU. NAPKIN HOLDER
text: A hand yanks a napkin hold.
scene_heading: INT. HOT DOG STAND. SERVICE COUNTER
text: Rooney wipes his face. Behind him is the kitchen and a
text: grease-covered TV set broadcasting a Cubs baseball game.
text: There's a long foul ball. The TV camera follows the ball
text: into the stands. A kid makes a stab at the ball. Rooney
text: wipes his suit off. The TV camera zooms in on the boy
text: triumphantly holding the foul ball aloft. It's Ferris.
text: He does a little celebration dance. Rooney wads up the
text: napkin and tosses it in a trashbin. The TV camera returns to
text: the game. Rooney glances at the screen.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: What's the score?
speaker_heading: HOT DOG MAN
dialog: Zero to zero.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Who's winning?
speaker_heading: HOT DOG MAN
dialog: Cubs.
text: Rooney nods and exits.
scene_heading: 134 EXT. WRIGLEY FIELD. STANDS 134
text: Ferris sits down with the baseball. He shakes his stinging
text: paw. On either side of him are Cameron and Sloane. Cameron's
text: scarfing nachos.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I think I broke my thumb.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Can we leave now?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You want to leave? We just got here.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: You got a call, you broke your thumb,
dialog: what's left to do?
text: Cameron offers his nachos to Sloane. She looks at them with
dialog: disgust.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: No wonder you're always sick.
text: Ferris leans back, puts his hands behind his head and turns
text: his face to the bright sun.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Do you realize that if I played by
dialog: the rules, right now I'd be in gym?
scene_heading: 135 EXT. HIGH SCHOOL. PLAYING FIELD 135
text: A boy's gym class is doing laps. A blue Fiat pulls into the
dialog: shot.
scene_heading: 136 INT. FIAT 136
text: Jeanie's at the wheel. She sneaks a glance at the school.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: I can't believe my brother's making
dialog: me put myself in a position where I
dialog: could get expelled. Selfish little
dialog: moron.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Ferris? You're overshadowed
dialog: me long enough. I'm gonna get
dialog: you, buddy.
text: She puts the car in gear and drives out of the shot.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. STATE STREET 137
text: A parade is underway. Floats and politicians. Marching
text: bands, drum and bugle corps, soldiers, school kids. Figure
text: skating club in outfits and skates performing their routines
text: on pavement. It's GERMAN-AMERICAN APPRECIATION DAY.
scene_heading: EXT. STATE STREET. FLOAT
text: Riding atop on a float is Ferris. He's waving to the crowd.
text: He and half a dozen homely German-American Beauty Queens.
text: He's leading the girls in singing, "DANKE SHOEN".
scene_heading: EXT. STATE STREET. SLOANE AND CAMERON
text: They're watching Ferris go by. They wave to him.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I love him.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It's hard not to.
text: Cameron breaks a smile. As worried as he is about the day
text: and getting caught, he has to admire Ferris for his lack of
text: inhabitions. Cameron mumbles a few words.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Stop...water...want...
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Do you believe in reincarnation?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Do you believe that you lived before?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Yeah. Sort of.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: DO you ever wonder what you were?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I don't have to wonder. I know.
text: Sloane looks at him with amazement.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I was a tractor tire.
scene_heading: EXT. STATE STREET. FLOAT
text: Ferris is on his knees, reaching down from the float,
text: shaking hands with people in the crowd.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Guten tag, dude!
scene_heading: EXT. STATE STREET
text: Sloane and Cameron continue their conversation.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What were you in a previous life?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I'm not sure but I think I know
dialog: who Ferris was.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Hannibal.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: From the A-Team?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: No. The guy who rode the elephants
dialog: into Switzerland.
text: Sloane laughs at herself. They step out of the crowd and
text: head down the street in the direction the parade's heading.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I think if he was anybody, he
dialog: was Magellan. You know, the guy
dialog: who went around the world.
text: Cameron nods.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I could see him ignoring popular
dialog: belief and taking off on some
dialog: impossible mission.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Yeah. As long as I've known him,
dialog: everything works for him. There's
dialog: nothing he can't handle. I can't
dialog: handle anything. School, parents,
dialog: the future. Ferris can do anything.
scene_heading: EXT. STATE STREET. FLOAT
text: Ferris is playing "TWIST AND SHOUT" on the accordian. The
text: girls on the float are singing.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: WELL, SHAKE IT UP, BABY, NOW!
speaker_heading: GIRLS
scene_heading: SHAKE IT UP, BABY
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: TWIST AND SHOUT!
speaker_heading: GIRLS
text: TWIST AND SHOUT!
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: COME ON, COME ON, COME ON, BABY ON!
dialog: COME ON AND WORK IT ON OUT!
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: WORK IT ON OUT!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. SLOANE AND CAMERON
text: They continue their conversation.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: The future's worse for a boy, isn't
dialog: it?
text: Cameron doesn't understand what she means.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: A girl can always bail out and
dialog: have a baby and get some guy
dialog: to support her.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: That's a pretty grim thought.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: True, but it's an option. No options
dialog: is worse.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I don't know what I'm gonna do.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: College.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Yeah, but to do what?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What are you interested in?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Me either.
text: They walk on for a few beats. We HEAR "TWIST AND SHOUT"
text: GROWING LOUDER AND LOUDER. The sons is taking over all the
text: other tunes in the band. It's infecting the entire parade.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What do you think Ferris is gonna
dialog: do?
scene_heading: EXT. STATE STREET. MARCHING BAND
text: They're playing TWIST AND SHOUT.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MOUNTED POLICE OFFICER
text: He's singing.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: YOU KNOW YOU LOOK SO GOOD!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. PUNKS
text: A band of PUNKS are dancing on the roof of a news kiosk.
speaker_heading: PUNKS
dialog: LOOK SO GOOD!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET MOTHER AND HER CHILDREN
text: A WOMAN and her two TODDLERS sing along.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: YOU KNOW YOU LOOK SO FINE!
speaker_heading: TODDLERS
scene_heading: LOOK SO FINE!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. BLACK TEENAGER
text: He's wearing a shower cap and a maroon overcoat.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
text: COME ON AND TWIST A LITTLE CLOSER!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. OLD NEWSPAPER SELLER
text: He singing along.
speaker_heading: NEWSPAPER SELLER
text: TWIST A LITTLE CLOSER!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. CHOIR GROUP
text: They're marching down the parade. They're singing in their
text: angleic voices.
speaker_heading: CHOIR
dialog: AND LET ME KNOW THAT YOU'RE MINE!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. STREET CLEANERS
text: With their brooms ready...
speaker_heading: STREET CLEANERS
dialog: KNOW THAT YOU'RE MINE!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DECK
text: The entire parade is singing and playing "TWIST AND SHOUT".
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. VIEWING STAND
text: The POLITICIANS and their WIVES stand up.
scene_heading: POLITICIANS AND WIVES
speaker_heading: AH!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. VIEWING STAND
speaker_heading: The CLERGYMEN stand.
speaker_heading: CLERGYMEN
speaker_heading: AH!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. VETERANS
text: Marching in formation and in WWII uniforms.
speaker_heading: VETERANS
speaker_heading: AH!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. FLOAT
text: Ferris leads the Beauty Queens in the rousing finale.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
speaker_heading: AH!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. WIDE AND HIGH
text: The entire parade is at frenzy pitch.
speaker_heading: PARADE
speaker_heading: AHHHHH!
text: The SOUND OF THE VOICES blends with the SOUND OF A RED-LINED
scene_heading: HIGH PERFORMANCE ENGINE.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. CALUMET CITY 138
text: The Port of Chicago. Grim, gritty waterfront. Suddenly,
text: Cameron's father's car flies OVER CAMERA. Like the opening
text: shot in Star Wars. The Starship Ferrari. SLO-MO.
scene_heading: CU. FERRARI UNDER-CARRIAGE
text: It travels past to reveal a beautiful blue sky. SLO-MO.
scene_heading: CU. PARKING ATTENDANT
text: His eyes are wide with exhilaration. Mouth open, tongue out.
text: Maniac at the wheel. SLO-MO.
speaker_heading: CU. RASTAMAN
text: His eyes are closed. Big smile. SLO-MO,
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS. KIDS
text: They're looking up in the air, following the car as it flies
text: over them. Broad, excited smiles. The car's shadow passes
text: over them. SLO-MO.
scene_heading: 139 CU. CAR GRILLE 139
text: It fills the frame and stops. We MOVE UP to reveal Rooney
text: behind the wheel of his car.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRIS' HOUSE
text: Rooney gets out of his car. He looks at the house, looks up
text: and down the street, then crosses to Ferris' house.
scene_heading: 140 INT. HOUSE. FOYER 140
text: Rooney's at the front door. We see him peek in a window at
text: the top of the door. The doorbell rings.
scene_heading: 141 INT. HOUSE. FERRIS' ROOM. COMPUTER 141
text: It acknowledges the doorbell.
scene_heading: CU. CASSETTE PLAYER
text: It clicks on.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. HOUSE. FRONT PORCH 142
text: The house intercom activates. We HEAR FERRIS' VOICE.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Who is it?
text: Rooney presses the intercom.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: This is Ed Rooney, Ferris. I'd
dialog: like to have a word with you.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry I can't come to the door
dialog: right now. I'm very ill and I'm
dialog: afraid that in my weakened condition,
dialog: I could take a nasty spill down the
dialog: stairs and subject myself to further
dialog: school absenses.
text: There's a pause. Rooney presses the intercom again.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: B.S. Come down here.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: You can reach my parents at their
dialog: places of business. Thank you for
dialog: stopping by. I appreciate your concern
dialog: for my well-being. It will be remembered
dialog: long after this illness has past.
text: His voice clicks off. Rooney presses the intercom again.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I'm not leaving until you come
dialog: down and talk to me.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Have a nice day.
text: Rooney presses the intercom.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I'm not leaving, Ferris.
text: There's no response. Rooney rings the doorbell again. The
text: pre-recorded litany starts over.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Who is it?
text: Rooney doesn't realize that he's listening to a recording.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Don't get smart with me Ferris!
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry I can't come to the door
dialog: right now. I'm very ill and I'm
dialog: afraid that in my weakened condition...
text: Rooney leans back from the door. He can't quite figure out
dialog: what's going on. But's it's highly suspicious.
scene_heading: 143 INT. HOUSE. LIVING ROOM 143
text: Rooney steps through the hedges and peeks in the windows. We
text: HEAR FERRIS' VOICE inside.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: You may reach my parents at their
dialog: places of business.
scene_heading: 144 INT. HOUSE. KITCHEN 144
text: Rooney tries to peak in the kitchen window.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: I appreciate your conern for my
dialog: well-being. It will be remembered
dialog: long after...
scene_heading: 145 EXT. HOUSE. BACKDOOR 145
text: A black rubber doggie door. The type that allows a dog to
text: come and go as it pleases. Rooney is crouched down. He lifts
text: the doggie door and peeks in the house.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Along the kitchen floor. Through the kitchen, into the
text: dining room. We hear a LARGE DOG GROWL.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He's peaking through the door. He hears the dog. His face
text: freezes.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Have a nice day.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE. DOGGIE DOOR
text: A Rottweiler bursts through the doggie door in a fury of
text: gnashing teeth and foam.
scene_heading: 146 CU. LARGE BREASTS 146
text: Tassled pasties twirl like airplane propellers.
scene_heading: CU. CAMERON, FERRIS AND SLOANE
text: They're sitting in a booth in the garish, nearly deserted
text: strip joint. Cameron's mouth is open in amazement. Sloane is
text: embarrassed and revolted.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: How does she do that? One goes
dialog: one way, one goes the other.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: She's probably schizophrenic.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Ferris, this is nauseating me.
dialog: Really. I'm losing respect for
dialog: you by the bucket.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You don't think it's amazing that
dialog: we got in?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Who wants to get in?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: Cameron looks like a toddler, for
dialog: Christ's sake. I'm talking about
dialog: a major achievement in false
dialog: identification.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I'm not interested in watching
text: someone jiggle their mammary glands.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Point well taken. But consider why
dialog: she does it. Why she does it and
dialog: you don't.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I'm not a tramp.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Maybe her life fell apart. Maybe she
text: lost somebody. A lover. A boyfriend.
dialog: A parent. A child...
speaker_heading: (to CAMERA)
dialog: This kind of thing makes me a little
dialog: depressed. You may think because I'm
dialog: the age I am that I'm a sex maniac.
dialog: That sex is all I think about.
dialog: But that's not true. I'm a romantic.
dialog: I think alot of people my age are.
dialog: We think about love and matters of
dialog: the heart. And SAT scores and acne
dialog: aside, we worry about lonliness. It's
dialog: a terrible thing. And we feel it. I
dialog: feel it.
text: He flips his collar up, curls his lip and affects an Elvis
text: impression. A sappy, do-wop track FADES UP. The club lights
text: go down. Cameron and Sloane disappear into darkness. Ferris
text: stands up from the booth. He strolls slowly through the
text: empty club as the stripper bumps and grinds in a pool of
text: blue light.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You know, someone said the world's a
text: stage and each must play a part.
dialog: Fate had me playing in love, with you
dialog: as my sweetheart. Act one was when we
dialog: met. I loved you at first glance. You
dialog: read your lines so cleverly and never
dialog: missed a cue. Then came act two. You
dialog: seemed to change. You acted strange.
dialog: And why, I've never known.
text: He climbs up on the little runway. The stripper disappears
text: in darkness as Ferris takes over the spotlight.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Honey, you lies when you said you
dialog: loved me and I had no cause to
dialog: doubt you. But I'd rather go on
dialog: hearing your lies than to go on
dialog: living without you. Now, the stage
text: is bare and I'm standing there with
dialog: emptiness all around and if you won't
dialog: come back to me, then they can bring
dialog: the curtain down...
text: Elvis fades up. The orignal recording. Ferris lip synchs
text: with the big, dramatic florish that was the King's trademark
text: ballad sign-off.
speaker_heading: ELVIS
dialog: IS YOUR HEART FILLED WITH PAIN?
dialog: SHALL I COME BACK AGAIN?
dialog: TELL ME DEAR, ARE YOU LONESOME TONIGHT?
text: Ferris drops his head. Like the King would.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET. CAMERON'S CAR 147
text: Cameron's father is looking at the car. He's studying it. It
text: looks terribly familiar. He leans into the open car and
text: reaches for the glovebox to see if the contents will confirm
text: if it's his. He freezes. He looks up slowly.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The Attendant and the Rastaman are glowering at him. They're
text: holding bags of fried chicken.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: You looking for something in my
dialog: car?
scene_heading: CU. CAMERON'S FATHER
text: He shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S FATHER
dialog: No.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. FERRIS' TOWN. JEANIE 148
text: Jeanie's standing at her car. She's staring incredulously
text: into the distance. Her mouth's open. She's shaking her head
dialog: slowly.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Spray-painted on the town water tower in gigantic black
scene_heading: letters -- SAVE FERRIS BUELLER.
scene_heading: CU. JEANIE
text: She's furious.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: I'm gonna microwave his nuts...
scene_heading: 149 EXT. MICHIGAN AVENUE 149
text: Afternoon traffic.
scene_heading: 150 INT. TAXI CAB 150
text: Ferris, Sloane and Cameron in the backseat of a checker.
text: Ferris is on one window, Cameron on the other. Sloane's in
text: the middle. Ferris is talking to the DRIVER.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: So...
text: He leans forward and reads the driver's name off the city
dialog: license.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: So, Yuri, how long have you been
dialog: in America?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: One year.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: What's your overall impression?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: It's very good here.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Better than Russia?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Much better here than in Russia.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Clearly you've never been to an
dialog: American high school.
text: Ferris sits back. He puts his arm around Sloane.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It's getting late, Ferris. I have
dialog: to get the car home. I know you
dialog: don't care, but it means my ass.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You think I don't care?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I know you don't care.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: That hurts, Cameron.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Jump back, Ferris, Cameron's been
dialog: a good sport.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron, what'd you see today?
text: Cameron looks at him.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You saw four states, a submarine,
dialog: a giant heart, seventy five dollars
dialog: worth of cooked pancreas, two of the
dialog: most incredible breasts ever to come
text: out of modern plastics, major
dialog: league baseball and...
dialog: (quizical look)
dialog: Are you gonna chuck your nachos?
text: Cameron's staring past Ferris. He's frozen. Ferris realizes
text: he's looking at something out the window. He turns. He
text: freezes.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: In the gridlock traffic, their cab is squeezed tight
text: alongside another cab. In that cab is Tom. He's about a foot
text: from Ferris. He turns and looks right into CAMERA.
speaker_heading: TOM'S POV
text: Ferris' frozen face.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' POV
text: Tom glances back at his paper. He pauses. Looks up. Thinks.
text: Turns back to CAMERA.
speaker_heading: TOM'S POV
text: Sloane is sitting where Ferris was. She's wearing
text: sunglasses, looking bored. She turns and glances out the
text: window. Fakes a yawn.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Tom stares at her. He's baffled. He looks away.
scene_heading: INT. CAB. FLOOR.
text: Cameron and Ferris are on the floor. On their asses, with
text: their backs to the back of the front seat, feet up on the
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (to Sloane)
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: (revolted)
text: He's looking at me and he's licking
text: the glass and making obscene gestures
text: with his hands.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: What?!
text: Sloane bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Roast!
text: She licks her finger and touches Ferris knee. She makes a
text: sizzling sound. She collapes on the seat in hysterics.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S CAB
text: Tom's looking into Ferris' cab.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Sloane's bouncing up and down.
speaker_heading: CU. TOM
text: He can't quite figure out what's going on. He turns and
text: slowly raises his newspaper over his face. We see on the
text: back of the paper a small story with the headline: COMMUNITY
text: RALLIES AROUND SICK YOUTH.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. FERRIS' HOUSE. BACKYARD. DOG 151
text: The Rottweiler's chewing on a shoe. Tearing it apart.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD. ROONEY
text: He's standing outside the fence. He's missing a shoe. His
text: suit pants are torn from the crotch to the knee. His suit
text: coat pocket is torn off. His hair's messed and there're
text: grass-stains on his knees and elbows. He's looking in at the
dialog: dog.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: That's a $28.00 dress shoe, you
dialog: worthless mutt!
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The Rottweiler leaps at CAMERA.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. CITY STREET 152
text: Ferris is leading the way down Michigan Avenue. He's
text: hustling through the crowd. He has Sloane by the hand. She's
text: jogging to keep up. Cameron's a few steps behind. He keeps
text: bumping into people. Ferris and Sloane make the turn at
text: Wacker Driver and disappear into the Stone Container
text: Building. Cameron follows, mumbling again.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Money...tits...please...
scene_heading: 153 EXT. HOUSE. FRONT 153
text: A florist truck pulls up in front of the house. A DELIVERY
text: MAN gets out iwth a huge floral arrangement. He heads up to
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. HOUSE. PORCH 154
text: Rooney's sitting on the porch patting a bloody knee with his
text: handkerchief. The delivery man hops up on the steps. Rooney
text: looks up at him. He greets Rooney cheerily.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: Howdy!
text: He presses the doorbell. A beat and we hear Ferris'
dialog: recording.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Who is it?
text: The Deliver Man presses the intercom.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: Focus on Flowers. I have a delivery.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry but I can't come to the
dialog: door right now. I'm very ill and I'm
dialog: afraid...
scene_heading: ROONEY FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: It's a recording, asshole. ...that in my weakened
dialog: condition, I could take a
dialog: DELIVERY MAN nasty spill and subject
dialog: What's your problem? myself to further school
dialog: absenses...
speaker_heading: ROONEY (pause)
dialog: He's one of my students. You can reach my parents
dialog: at their places of
dialog: DELIVERY MAN business. Thank you for
dialog: Little bugger's dying. stopping by. I appreciate
dialog: your concern for my well-
dialog: ROONEY being. It will be
dialog: What? remembered long after
dialog: this illness has passed.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: As I heard it from our mailman
dialog: he was supposedly born with only
text: half a kidney.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Have a nice day.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: (to the intercom)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (continues)
dialog: I don't know the details. But my
dialog: boss had to send to Milwaukee to
dialog: get more orchids. He's very
dialog: popular.
text: Rooney is flabbergasted.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: Nobody's home here?
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: You gonna be around for awhile?
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I imagine so.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: You wanna keep an eye on these?
text: Rooney looks at the flowers. Then he looks at the Delivery
dialog: Man.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: (happy sigh)
dialog: It really touches me that so many people
dialog: are rallying behind this guy. I guess
dialog: there's hope for the human race afterall.
text: He hands the arrangement to Rooney.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY MAN
dialog: Gotta run.
text: He bounds off the porch and trots to the truck. Rooney looks
text: incredulously at the arrangement. He opens the attached
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: Oh, Christ...
speaker_heading: CU. CARD
dialog: It's signed:
text: ALL OUR BEST FOR A SPEEDY RECOVERY
scene_heading: THE ENGLISH DEPT. FACULTY AND STAFF
scene_heading: 155 INT. RADIO STATION STUDIO 155
text: The number one afternoon FM rock'n roll D.J. is sitting
text: behind his microphone.
dialog: D.J.
dialog: I don't know who that was or
dialog: what they were playing but I
dialog: apologize for it nonetheless.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I have a guest with me today...
scene_heading: 156 INT. STUDIO. FERRIS 156
text: He put his headphones on.
scene_heading: 157 EXT. FERRIS' HOUSE 157
text: Jeanie's car pull in the driveway. We hear her car radio.
dialog: D.J.
dialog: His name is Ferris Mueller.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Bueller. Ferris Bueller.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. JEANIE
text: She goes into shock. Her eyes blink, her head cocks.
dialog: D.J.
dialog: Sorry about that.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It's cool.
text: Jeanie draws back and punches out her radio.
scene_heading: CU. CAR ANTENNA
text: The impact of her blow to the radio shoots the antenna in
dialog: the air.
scene_heading: 158 INT. STUDIO 158
text: Ferris leans forward and adjusts the microphone.
dialog: D.J.
dialog: He has an incredible story.
text: Ferris turns to CAMERA.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm going to tell a massive lie here.
dialog: It's going to by very thick and very
dialog: steamy. I think radio's a facinating
text: medium, it challenges the imagination.
dialog: Unlike television which provides the
dialog: images, radio...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know this. Anyway, it's always been
dialog: a dream of mine to be on the radio.
dialog: I have what I consider to be an excellent
dialog: broadcast voice. I practise it in the
dialog: bathroom all the time. I used to play
dialog: records and do introductions to them.
dialog: But I've never had the chance to sit
text: behind a microphone and try it out
dialog: for real. This is a 50,000 watt outlet.
dialog: I'm going out to several million people
dialog: so let me just say, I'm in a very pleasant
dialog: groove right now.
text: (clears his voice,
dialog: speaks into the
dialog: mike, affects a
dialog: "radio" voice)
dialog: Well, Steve, you and your listeners are
dialog: probably not going to believe this but...
scene_heading: 159 INT. SCHOOL 159
text: A group of kids are sitting around a blaster.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: ...I'm the first Chicago area youth
dialog: to be selected to participate in
text: a space shuttle mission.
scene_heading: 160 INT. STUDIO 160
text: Ferris turns from the mike to CAMERA.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I was going to say I knew Springsteen's
dialog: home phone number and I was going
dialog: to give out the number of the New
dialog: Jersey State Police but I thought I
dialog: might get busted. After I got flunked
dialog: in driver's ed for sideswiping a mail
dialog: box, which was not in any way, shape
dialog: or from my fault. I was putting out a
dialog: cigarette, like I was told. It was weird.
dialog: I'm so used to getting in a car and
dialog: lighting up, because I'm not allowed to
dialog: smoke at home, that I got in the driver's
text: ed. car and spaced completely, pulled out
text: of the lot, lit up a 'boro and Mrs. Heller
text: looked at me like I'd just pulled a bunny
dialog: out of my nose or something and I realized
dialog: what the hell I was doing and I went to
dialog: put it out and hit the mail box. Anyway,
dialog: I was so pissed off at her reaction to
dialog: the whole thing that I considered running
text: an ad in a sleaze magazine for a school
dialog: teacher that does phone sex and I was gonna
dialog: use Mrs. Heller's home number but is cost
dialog: too much. I took it again and passed. But
dialog: I had to work at Burger King to get the
dialog: cash to pay for the driver's ed. car. The
dialog: car got fixed in auto shop for nothing and
dialog: I think Rooney pocketed the cash. But I
dialog: can't prove it? I'm in high school, remember?
text: He turns back to the DJ.
dialog: D.J.
dialog: How did you get picked for this.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It's kind of a long story but I've
dialog: been doing alot of programming for
dialog: NASA.
scene_heading: 161 INT. SCHOOL. HALLWAY 161
text: A even larger group of kids is listening to the blaster.
text: They're cheering him on.
scene_heading: 162 EXT. FERRIS' HOUSE. BACKYARD 162
text: The Rottweiler is laying unconscious on the lawn. The flower
text: arrangement is scattered all over the yard and the ceramic
text: vase the flowers were in has obviously struck the dog. The
text: broken pieces are all around the dog's head.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRIS HOUSE. BACKYARD. ROONEY
text: He's smiling with great satisfaction.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Sleep tight, pooch.
text: He hears something in the house. His head snaps around. He
text: drops down and peek in the windows.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: A glimpse of a fleeting figure.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: His eyes dance in anticipation of revenge.
scene_heading: 163 INT. HOUSE. FERRIS' ROOM 163
text: Jeanie kicks the door open. The yardstick flings the covers
text: and the pillows beneath them in the air. She stomps in and
text: turns off the snoring synthesizer.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: I knew it!
text: She grabs the phone and sits down. She dials a number.
scene_heading: 164 EXT. HOUSE. FRONT 164
text: Rooney sneaks around the side of the house. He slinks up on
text: the porch. The front door's open. He peeks in.
scene_heading: 165 INT. FERRIS' ROOM 165
text: Jeanie's on the phone.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Is Mrs. Bueller there? Where is she?
dialog: This is her daughter. Do you know where
dialog: she is? Do you know when she'll be back?
dialog: Do you know anything?
text: She slams the phone down.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: The worm has luck like clams
dialog: have body odor...
text: She's startled by a noise downstairs. A smile spreads across
text: her face. He's back and she's going to nail him.
scene_heading: 166 INT. HOUSE. FOYER 166
text: Rooney sneaks into the house. He looks around the foyer and
text: heads into the kitchen.
scene_heading: 167 INT. HOUSE. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY 167
text: Jeanie tiptoes down the stairs.
scene_heading: 168 INT. HOUSE. KITCHEN 168
text: Rooney sneaks through the kitchen into the den.
scene_heading: 169 INT. HOUSE. FOYER 169
text: Jeanie comes down the stairs into the foyer.
scene_heading: 170 INT. HOUSE. KITCHEN 170
text: Rooney comes out of the den, back into the kitchen. He
text: crosses back toward the foyer.
scene_heading: 171 INT. FOYER 171
text: Jeanie sneaks into the kitchen.
scene_heading: 172 INT. KITCHEN 172
text: Jeanie and Rooney come face-to-face. Jeanie squeals in
text: horror. She doesn't recognize Rooney as himself but as an
text: intruder. She drops into a karate stance and kicks Rooney in
text: the face. He hits the deck. She flees back up the stairs.
scene_heading: 173 INT. CAR 173
text: Boyd is sitting in the backseat of Joyce's car listening to
dialog: the radio.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: My input on the Star Wars defense
dialog: plan was pretty substantial so I
dialog: guess this is their way of rewarding
dialog: me. I'm pretty flattered.
speaker_heading: EXT. CAR
text: Joyce and her clients leave a show house and head toward the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Boyd looks out the window as his parents and Joyce appear.
speaker_heading: D.J. VOICE
dialog: Can you stay around and take a few
dialog: phone calls?
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: I'd really like to but I have a kidney
text: operation in about an hour.
speaker_heading: EXT. CAR
text: Joyce and her clients take one last look at the house.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: If you're willing to commit a
dialog: little time and a little money
dialog: to this place, you can really
dialog: have something to be proud of.
dialog: Don't let the black living room
dialog: throw you off.
text: She opens the car door.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: The door opens.
speaker_heading: D.J. VOICE
dialog: I wish you the best of luck.
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: Thanks, Steve.
speaker_heading: D.J. VOICE
dialog: A very interesting guy, Ferris Bueller.
text: Joyce gets in. The clients get in the other side. A song
dialog: starts.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (to the kid)
dialog: Well, Boyd, how are you bearing
dialog: up?
text: The kid stares at her.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Did I tell you I have a son
dialog: your age?
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: Twice.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: His name is Ferris. I think you'd
dialog: like him.
text: Boyd sits up in the seat at the mention of Ferris' name.
speaker_heading: BOYD
text: Is he going up in the space shuttle
dialog: in September?
text: Joyce looks around at Boyd. She gives him a curious look.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Not that I know of.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: I knew he was bullshitting.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Watch your mouth.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: How do you watch your mouth?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Do you know my son?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don't pay any attention to him.
dialog: He thinks it's cute to bait adults.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: I don't think it's cute. I think
dialog: it's fun.
text: Joyce give him a puzzled smile and starts the car.
scene_heading: 174 INT. FERRIS' ROOM 174
text: Jeanie's on the phone. She's in a panic.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: This is not a phoeny phone call. There's
text: an intruder, male caucasian, possibly armed,
dialog: certainly weird, in our kitchen.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: My name is Bueller.
text: There's another pause. Jeanie's face drops.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: It's real nice that you hope my
dialog: brother's feeling better but I'm
dialog: in danger, okay? I'm very cute,
dialog: I'm very alone and I'm very
dialog: protective of my body. I'd rather
dialog: not have it violated or killed.
dialog: I need help!
scene_heading: 175 INT. KITCHEN 175
text: Rooney's plugging his bloody nose with paper towel. The
text: intercom goes on.
speaker_heading: JEANIE'S VOICE
dialog: Excuse me. If whoever's in the house
dialog: is still in the house, I'd like you
dialog: to know that I have just called the police.
dialog: If you have any brains whatsoever, you'll
dialog: get your ass out of my house real quick.
text: Rooney stiffens with fear.
speaker_heading: JEANIE'S VOICE
dialog: I'd also like to add that I have
text: my father's gun. And a scorching
dialog: case of herpes.
scene_heading: 176 EXT. STREET 176
text: Rooney's car is hooked to a tow truck. It's parked in front
text: of a fire hydrant and the windshield is decorated with
text: parking citations. In the distance SIRENS WAIL.
scene_heading: 177 EXT. PARKING LOT 177
text: The three are waiting for the Ferrari. We HEAR TIRES
text: SQUEALING, AN ENGINE REVING-OUT. Then the Ferrari pulls down
text: the ramp and jams to a frightening stop. A BLACK GUY jumps
text: out. Ferris hands him the parking stub.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Just out of curiosity, what was
dialog: your top speed coming down the
dialog: ramp?
speaker_heading: BLACK GUY
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: About 60.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Stunning!
text: He hands him a buck and opens the door and pulls the
text: passenger seat forward for Cameron.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: This is probably the last time you'll
dialog: have to ride back here. Keep that in
dialog: mind.
text: Cameron gives him a look and squeezes in.
scene_heading: 178 EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET 178
text: The Ferrari cruises through traffic.
scene_heading: INT. FERRARI
text: Sloane's in the passenger seat. Ferris is driving and
text: Cameron is crammed in the back.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What's next.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
text: Nothing. We return the car.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: We could go to my house. My parents
dialog: aren't coming home until late.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: We have enough cash left for a quick
dialog: flight to Peoria and back.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Very funny.
text: Ferris looks in the mirror and changes lanes. He glances
text: down at the speedometer, then to the road. And back to the
dialog: speedometer.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron? How many miles did you
dialog: say this thing had when we left?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: One hundred and twenty six and
dialog: halfway between three and four
dialog: tenths. Why? How many miles are
dialog: on it now?
text: He glances down at the speedometer.
scene_heading: CU. SPEEDOMETER
text: The odometer reads 432.7.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
speaker_heading: (to CAMERA)
dialog: Here's where Cameron goes berserk.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAFFIC
text: The Ferrari pulls up at a stop light. We HEAR A THUNDERING,
scene_heading: MUFFLED SCREAM.
scene_heading: EXT. EXPRESSWAY
text: The Ferrari is buzzing through traffic.
scene_heading: INT. FERRARI
text: Sloane turns in her seat and looks at Cameron. Her gesture
dialog: is one of genuine support.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: His eyes are frozen in a mindless, vacant stare.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He looks at Sloane. He's concerned.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Hey, Cameron. It's okay. We'll fix
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: He's still holding the stare. He starts to breathe heavily.
text: He's trembling.
speaker_heading: CU. SLOANE
text: She whips around in the seat and grabs his arms.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Cameron! Cut it out! What's
dialog: wrong?! Ferris!
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He shoots Sloane a look.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron, are you okay? It's
dialog: no problem, really. Your old
dialog: man won't know a thing. It's
text: completely fixable.
scene_heading: INT. FERRARI
text: Sloane fires an angry look at Ferris.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Shut-up! It is a problem! For
dialog: him it's a problem. Nothing's
dialog: a problem for you. But it's
dialog: a problem for him! So, just
dialog: shut-up.
text: She turns back to Cameron.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What can I do, Cameron?
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: Eyes front. He knows what he's doing.
scene_heading: 179 INT. FERRIS' HOUSE. FOYER 179
text: The doorbell rings. The Ferris' tape is activated.
speaker_heading: FERRIS VOICE
dialog: Who is it?
text: We hear a MALE VOICE over the intercom.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Anybody home?
speaker_heading: FERRIS' VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry that I can't come to
dialog: the door right now...
text: The tape continues as Jeanie hurtles down the stairs.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: I'm saved! Thank you, God!
dialog: Thank you, thank you, thank you!
text: She jumps the last few stairs and slides to the front door.
text: She whips it open.
scene_heading: 180 EXT. HOUSE. FRONT DOOR 180
text: The door swings open.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Thank...you...
text: Her jaw goes slack. She blinks her eyes.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: The Delivery Man and a young ASSISTANT are standing at the
text: door with floral arrangements. Spread all around them are
text: more flowers. A sexy singing NURSE and a BALLOON MAN steps
text: up on the porch.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (sings)
dialog: WE HOPE YOU'RE FEELING BETTER
dialog: WE HOPE YOU'RE FELLING FIT
dialog: WE...
text: The door slams shut.
scene_heading: 181 EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET 181
text: Rooney's walking down the street. A school bus is crawling
text: alongside him as kids hang out the windows. From inside we
text: hear SHOUTING and seventeen different SONGS PLAYING ON
text: BLASTERS. A top forty montage.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Hey, Mr. Rooney! What're you doing?
text: Rooney doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER KID
dialog: Did you get in a fight?
text: Rooney keep walking. The bus doors open. The DRIVER calls
text: out to him.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You want a lift?
text: Rooney takes a few more steps. He stops. The bus stops.
text: Rooney takes a deep breath. He climbs aboard the bus.
scene_heading: 182 INT. BUS 182
text: The bus is jammed with WONKS and WEINERETTES. The passengers
text: are silent as they watch Rooney shuffle down the aisle and
text: take an empty seat next to a skinny, myopic GIRL.
speaker_heading: CU. GIRL
text: She looks at Rooney and smiles. She pushes her Coke bottle
text: glasses up on her nose.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He looks vacantly at her.
speaker_heading: CU. GIRL
text: She holds her smile.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I'll bet you never smelled a
dialog: real school bus before.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He stares at her.
speaker_heading: CU. GIRL
text: She holds up a candy package.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Gummi Bear?
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He stares at her.
speaker_heading: CU. GIRL
text: She puts one in her mouth.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: They've been in pocket. They're
text: real soft and warm.
speaker_heading: CU. BOY
text: A rotund FRESHMAN BOY sitting across from Rooney is staring
text: at him.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He looks across to the kid.
speaker_heading: CU. BOY
text: He leans forward.
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN BOY
dialog: It's kind of like being in the
dialog: belly of the beast isn't it?
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He turns him eyes to the front. The bus jerks forward and
text: pulls away.
scene_heading: 183 EXT. BUS 183
text: It grinds through the gears as it heads down the quiet
text: street. The BLASTERS go back on, the SHOUTING RESUMES.
scene_heading: 184 EXT. PARK 184
text: Cameron's laying on a picnic table. Sloane's sitting beside
text: him on the table. She's stroking his hair. Ferris WALKS INTO
text: THE FOREGROUND. He addresses CAMERA.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: This may very well be for real. I
dialog: think Cameron might have blown a
dialog: micro-chip or two. He's always been
dialog: a little keyed-up. All I wanted to do
dialog: was give him a good day. We're
dialog: gonna graduate in a couple of months.
dialog: Then we have the summer. He'll work
dialog: and I'll work. And we'll see each
dialog: other at night and on the weekends
dialog: but then he'll go to one school and I'll
dialog: go to another. And basically that'll
dialog: be it. As much as we like each other,
dialog: the process of growing up will
dialog: separate us.
text: He begins to walk. We follow him.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Sloane's a bigger problem. She still
dialog: has another year of high school. How
dialog: do I deal with that? I was serious when
dialog: I said I'd marry her. I would. This isn't
dialog: just teenage infatuation. That's what my
dialog: parents call it. What do they call what they
dialog: have? If that's love, I'll take infatuation.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: His eyes are closed. Sloane's stroking his hair.
speaker_heading: FERRIS (VO)
dialog: Cameron's never been in love. At
dialog: least no one's ever been in love
dialog: with him. He's gonna marry the first
dialog: girl he lays. And she's gonna treat
dialog: him like shit because he's gonna
dialog: kiss her ass for giving him what he's
text: built-up in his mind as the end-all,
dialog: be-all of human existance. She won't
dialog: respect him because you can't respect
dialog: someone who kisses your ass. It just
dialog: doesn't work.
speaker_heading: CU. SLOANE
text: She's studying Cameron's face. She looks away.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Ferris?
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He looks to the picnic table. Then back to CAMERA.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm being tested here.
text: He starts back to the picnic table.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: My best friend has flipped-out.
dialog: Conventional wisdom would suggest
dialog: a visit to the nearest trauma
dialog: center. I wouldn't fault anybody
dialog: for doing that. My, personally,
dialog: I think this calls for something
dialog: new, something bold, something wet
dialog: and wild.
scene_heading: 185 CU. JACUZZI JET 185
text: UNDERWATER SHOT. A hyrdojet spews a gush of air bubbles.
scene_heading: CU. BLASTER
text: A finger pushes the PLAY button on the cassette. MUSIC COMES
dialog: UP.
speaker_heading: CU. BEER CAN LID
text: The finger pops a beer.
scene_heading: CU. OREO PACKAGE
text: A painted fingernail pierces the cellophane wrapper.
scene_heading: INT. JACUZZI
text: Ferris and Sloane are in Sloane's parents' Jacuzzi. Their
text: clothes are tosssed around the deck. Cameron's been placed
text: in a patio chair at the edge of the Jacuzzi. He's still
text: catatonic. He's mummbling softly. Ferris is drinking a beer.
text: Sloane's eating Oreos.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You feeling any better, Cameron?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: The water's really nice. I wish
dialog: you'd come in.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: Staring into space.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Surgery...fire...move...
scene_heading: CU. SLOANE AND FERRIS
text: They look at each other. She offers him a cookie. He offers
text: her his beer.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron? Do you think this because
dialog: of the car or is it a combination
dialog: of everything shitty in your life?
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: He doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Music...kiss...attack...
scene_heading: CU. SLOANE AND FERRIS
text: Sloane sips the beer.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You just can't deal with anymore
dialog: shit? The car took you into the
dialog: red zone? Time for a reality check?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Cameron? I could flip real easy, too.
dialog: There's nothing wrong with it. At one
dialog: time or another, everybody goes to
dialog: the zoo.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Maybe he was actually sick. Maybe
dialog: he wasn't bullshitting himself.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Gesundheit...God...mercy...
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD
text: Ferris and Sloane watch their catatonic friend.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: CU. SLOANE
text: She leans forward and stares at Cameron.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He cocks his head, wondering what Cameron's up to.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: He keels over forward.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD
text: Cameron falls out of the chair and splashes down,
text: face-first, into the water. Sloane screams. Ferris leaps for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Ferris struggles with Cameron's lifeless bulk.
speaker_heading: CU. SLOANE
text: She's screaming. Ferris thrashes around in the water.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Ferris grabs Cameron's collar and rips him out of the water.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD
text: Ferris sits Cameron on the edge of the Jacuzzi.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
speaker_heading: CAMERON!
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: His eyes are closed. He's lifeless.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: His face is a mask of terror. He shakes Cameron.
speaker_heading: CU. SLOANE
text: She's screaming.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: A smile spreads across his face.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He sees the smile. He stops shaking Cameron.
scene_heading: EXT. JACUZZI
text: Ferris and Cameron are looking at each other. Sloane's still
text: screaming. She realizes that Cameron's okay. She stops
text: screaming.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (Cameron)
dialog: You asshole!
text: Cameron's smiling.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What?
text: Ferris starts to laugh. Cameron explodes with laughter.
text: Sloane's bewildered.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What's so funny?
scene_heading: 186 INT. POLICE STATION. WAITING ROOM 186
text: Jeanie's sitting on a wooden bench with a WASTED TEENAGE BOY
text: in a Triumph t-shirt, long hair, torn jeans, creepers, studs
text: and chains. He's studying her.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Drugs?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: No, thank you. I'm straight.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I meant, are you here for drugs?
text: Jeanie stares at him.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Drugs.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: I don't know why I'm here.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Then why don't you go home?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Why don't you put your thumb
dialog: up your butt?
text: The boy stares at her.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: You want to talk about your problem?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: With you? Are you serious?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Yeah, I'm serious.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Blow yourself.
text: Jeanie turns away. The boy crosses his legs. Jeanie looks
text: back at him.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: You really want to know what's wrong?
text: The boy shrugs.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Alright. If you've got the time,
dialog: I've got the troubles. In a nutshell,
dialog: I hate my brother. How's that?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: That's cool. Did you shoot him or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: No, not yet.
text: The boy nods. He understands the emotion.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: I went home to confirm that the
dialog: shithead was ditching school and
dialog: a guy broke into the house and I
dialog: called the cops and they picked me
dialog: up for making a phoney phone call.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: What do you care if your brother
dialog: ditches school?
text: Jeanie stares at the boy.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Why should he get to ditch school
dialog: when everybody else has to go?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: You could ditch.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: I'd get caught.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: So, you're pissed at him because
dialog: he ditches and doesn't get caught?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Basically.
text: The boy nods knowingly.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Then your problem is you.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Excuse you. You oughta spend a little
dialog: more time dealing with yourself and
dialog: a little less time worrying about
dialog: what your brother does. It's just
dialog: an opinion.
text: Jeanie stares angrily at him. Partly because he's so bold
dialog: and partly because he's so right.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: There's somebody you should talk
dialog: to.
text: Jeanie stares at him threateningly.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: If you say Ferris Bueller, you lose
text: a testicle.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: You know him?
scene_heading: CU. JEANIE'S HAND
text: It curls into a fist.
scene_heading: 187 CU. FERRARI TIRE 187
text: It's spinning rapidly.
scene_heading: CY. ACCELERATOR
text: A brick's resting on the accelerator, holding it down.
scene_heading: INT. CAMERON'S GARAGE
text: Ferris, Cameron and Sloane are sitting in the garage. The
text: Ferrari is jacked up. The wheels are turning. The engine's
dialog: racing.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: The whole time I was just thinking
dialog: things over. I was like, meditating.
dialog: I was thinking about the future.
dialog: And I realized it doesn't make
dialog: and difference if the present
dialog: goes to shit.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I have a agree with you there.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I've been thinking all day that if
dialog: you could only have the use of one
dialog: word, what would it be?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Sloane is naked before your eyes and
dialog: you're thinking about words?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: God bless you, Cameron.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Thank you, Sloane.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: If you guys only had one word, what
dialog: would it be?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I can't believe you'd think up something
text: like with a naked girl in a jacuzzi
dialog: right in front of you.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Come on, Ferris, answer his question.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Bathroom.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I'd say...
dialog: She thinks.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cash.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It's the only word you could
dialog: ever use.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Love.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: And what is you loathe somebody?
dialog: Are you going to say "love" every
dialog: time you see them?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: It's better than "hello".
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Hellos' generic.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: You wanna be generic?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It's help.
text: Cameron smiles at his wisdom. Ferris and Sloane think about
text: it. It's a good choice. Cameron gets up and walks to the
dialog: Ferrari.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: The word is help.
text: Cameron peeks in the window.
scene_heading: CU. ODOMETER
dialog: Nothing's happening.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE
text: Cameron pulls his head out of the car.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Ferris? It's not working.
text: Ferris looks up.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
text: The miles aren't coming off, running
text: it in reverse.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I thought that might be a problem.
dialog: Let's crack open the odometer and
dialog: roll it back by hand.
text: Cameron shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I got a better idea. It's cool.
text: He walks back around behind the Ferrari.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Seventeen years and I've never
dialog: taken a stand. Now, I'm gonna
dialog: do it. I'm taking a stand against
dialog: my father, against my family,
dialog: against myself, against my past,
dialog: my present and my future. I will
text: not sit idly by as events that affect
dialog: me unfold to change the course of
dialog: my life. I will take a stand and I
dialog: will defend it. When my father comes
dialog: home tonight, he's finally going
dialog: to have to deal with me. Good or
dialog: bad, I'm taking a stand.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He turns to CAMERA.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: This is a big U-2 fan.
speaker_heading: CU. SLOANE
text: She smiles proudly at Cameron. She applauds him.
speaker_heading: CU. CAMERON
text: He's serious and determined. He has made up his mind and it
text: appears that it won't be changed by anyone but himself.
speaker_heading: CU. TIRES
text: It's spinning wildly.
scene_heading: CU. MERCEDES BUMPER
text: Cameron's foot rests on the bumper. A beat and it gives a
dialog: mighty shove.
speaker_heading: CU. TIRE
text: The spinning tires slam down on the cement.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE
text: Cameron has kicked the Ferrari off the jack. It squeals out
text: of the garage in a cloud of blue tire smoke. A $50,000
text: unmanned investment heading backwards down a driveway.
scene_heading: CU. SLOANE AND FERRIS
text: They're in shock.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: The Ferrari shoots down the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE
text: Cameron watches the car go. He's strangely placcid about the
text: impending disaster. Ferris and Sloane are bewildered.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: The Ferrari travels down the driveway, across the street,
text: over the curb into the wooded property opposite the house.
speaker_heading: CU. TREE
text: The Ferrari's brief journey ends as it smacks a tree trunk.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE
text: Ferris and Sloane exchange baffled looks. They look at
dialog: Cameron. He's proud and bold.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: What was that about?
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: This has to be a dream.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Cameron? One quick question.
dialog: Why'd you do that?
text: Cameron holds his proud posture for a beat. Then a look of
text: bewilderment comes over his face. He shoots a look to
text: Ferris. A puzzled look.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You trashed the car.
text: Cameron looks across the street.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I took a stand.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: No, Cameron. You wrecked a car.
text: Cameron thinks for a moment. Then he regains his confidence.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It's okay.
text: Ferris looks across the street at the car.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I have an idea. If you're interested.
text: Cameron looks at him. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I'm gonna handle it.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I think this could work.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: No, thanks. I want to deal with
dialog: it by myself.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: What about your one word?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You already did it. If I need it
dialog: again, I'll use it.
text: He smiles. He raises am impish eyebrow.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It's cool. I'm loose.
scene_heading: 188 INT. POLICE STATION. OFFICE 188
text: Joyce is talking with the juvenile officer. Outside the
text: office, on the bench, we see Jeanie and the boy making out.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: She's never been in trouble before.
dialog: This is a shock to me. First, I
dialog: don't know why she wasn't at school.
dialog: Second, I don't know why she'd call
dialog: you with this story about a rapist.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: For whatever reasons she did it,
dialog: I think she'd had a good scare.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I hope so. I appreciate your calling
dialog: me. I can assure you that her father
dialog: and I will have a long talk with her.
text: The gathers her purse and jacket and stands.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Oh, by the way, I hope you son's
dialog: feeling better.
text: Joyce looks at the officer curiously.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Tell him, all the guys at the
dialog: station here are pulling for
dialog: him.
scene_heading: 189 INT. POLICE STATION. WAITING ROOM 189
text: Jeanie quickly breaks the embrace with the boy as Joyce
text: steps out of the juvenile officer's room. She's still a
text: little bewildered that everybody knows Ferris was ill.
text: Jeanie wipes her lips and sits up straight. The boy adjusts
text: his pants to better hide his passion.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: (to the boy)
dialog: If you keep this to yourself, I
dialog: think we can probably get it on
dialog: pretty good.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: For sure.
text: Jeanie stands up.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Don't "hi" me, young lady. Get
dialog: your stuff.
text: Jeanie reaches down for her purse.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Jean. What's yours?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Garth Volbeck.
scene_heading: 190 EXT. SLOANE'S BACKYARD 190
text: Sloane and Ferris are standing at the back fence.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I had a great time today.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Yeah. It was pretty cool.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: You think Cameron's gonna be
dialog: alright?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Sure. He had to so it, I guess.
dialog: His old man had it coming. He'll
dialog: be okay. I'd be worried if he'd
dialog: taken my idea.
text: Sloane smiles knowingly.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: You didn't have an idea, did you?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: Not a glimmer.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: You're so smart.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: No. I'm just real loose.
text: He kisses her.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'll call you tonight.
text: Sloane nods. Ferris jumps the fence and takes off across the
text: backyards. Sloane watches him go. A huge smile spreads
text: across her face.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: I LOVE YOU!
text: She backs away from the fence. MUSIC FADES UP.
speaker_heading: SLOANE
dialog: He's gonna marry me. I know it.
text: She turns and runs into the house.
scene_heading: 191 EXT. BACKYARD 191
text: Ferris sprints across a backyard. He jumps a plaster elf.
scene_heading: 192 EXT. ANOTHER BACKYARD 192
text: Ferris vaults a fence. He runs directly for a swimming pool.
text: He's approaching it from the side. He leaps, hits the diving
text: board, springs off, does a flip and lands on the grass on
text: the other side of the pool.
scene_heading: 193 CU. BEDSPREAD 193
text: Neatly bundles stacks of bills and rolled coins. A
text: significant amount of cash.
speaker_heading: CU. SLOANE
dialog: She's writing.
scene_heading: CU. PIECE OF PAPER
text: We see a portion of the typewritten letter as she signs it.
dialog: "...in the amount of $1,765.33. It
dialog: gives us great pleasure to assist
dialog: you in performance of your worthy
dialog: and much needed survives to those
text: so desperately in need.
dialog: Sincerely,
dialog: Sloane Peterson
dialog: Executive Director
dialog: The Ferris Bueller Foundation"
scene_heading: 194 EXT. FERRIS' STREET 194
text: He's running down the middle of the street. A car honks.
text: Ferris moves to the side. The car pulls around him.
scene_heading: INT. CAR.
text: Tom's at the wheel. He glances in the mirror. He does a
dialog: take.
speaker_heading: HIS POV. MIRROR
text: We see Ferris cut across a front lawn and into a house.
speaker_heading: CU. TOM
text: He realizes it couldn't be Ferris.
scene_heading: 195 INT. HOUSE 195
text: Ferris runs through the kitchen, past a WOMAN, fixing dinner
text: and out her backdoor. The Woman looks up curiously.
scene_heading: 196 EXT. FERRIS' HOUSE 196
text: Tom pulls in the driveway. He parks and gets out. Joyce
text: pulls in from the other direction.
scene_heading: 197 EXT. HOUSE. BACK PORCH 197
text: Ferris tries the door. It's locked. He reaches down and
text: lifts the doormat.
scene_heading: CU. PORCH
text: The outline of a key in the dirt under the mat. The key's
text: gone. The toe of a chewed-up dress shoe steps INTO FRAME. An
text: OMNIOUS CHORD IS STRUCK.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: He stares up in horror.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Rooney's looking down at him. He's holding the house key.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH
text: Ferris stands up. He smiles.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Looking for this?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: I got you, Ferris. This time I finally
dialog: got you.
text: Ferris is caught. There's no way out. Rooney gloats
dialog: severely.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: How does another year of high
dialog: school sit with you?
text: Suddenly, the backdoor opens. Jeanie looks out. She feigns
text: joy and relief. She rushes Ferris and hugs him.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Thank God, you're alright! We've
dialog: been worried sick!
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: A moment of curiosity. Then it dawns on him what's
text: happening. He smiles.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: His eyes dart from Ferris to Jeanie to Ferris. His victory
text: is evaporating.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH
text: Jeanie breaks the embrace.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: (to Rooney)
dialog: Thank you for bringing him home,
dialog: Mr. Rooney.
dialog: (to Ferris)
dialog: You better get up in bed tight
dialog: now.
text: Ferris limps into the house.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Can you imagine someone as sick as
text: Ferris trying to walk home from the
dialog: hospital?
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: Kids!
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He's dumbfounded.
scene_heading: CU. JEANIE
text: She raises her hands and strikes a karate pose. A huge smile
text: passes over her face.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: A look of terror as he realizes that is was Jeanie who
text: kicked him and that Jeanie knows it was he who she kicked.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH
text: Jeanie steps into the house.
scene_heading: 198 INT. HOUSE 198
text: The door closes on Rooney's defeated, lost, dejected,
text: bewildered face. Not only has he lost Ferris again, he has
dialog: Jeanie to deal with next year.
scene_heading: 199 EXT. YARD. CU. DOG 199
text: The click of the door wakes him up. His head pops up off the
dialog: grass.
scene_heading: CU. ROONEY
text: He senses new danger. We hear AN O.C. GROWL. Rooney squeezes
text: his eyes shut.
scene_heading: 200 INT. KITCHEN 200
text: Kimberly and Todd are sitting at the kitchen table watching
text: TV and eating cereal. They look up at Ferris as he comes in
text: from outside.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Ferris? Does my head look like
dialog: it's getting bigger?
text: Ferris leans against the counter as he tries to catch his
text: breath. He looks at his little brother.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: No, but Kimberly's is.
text: He crosses to the refrigerator and opens it. Kimberly feels
dialog: her head.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (to Todd)
dialog: Is he serious?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Oh, shit!
text: Ferris takes out a bottle of orange juice out of the
text: refrigerator and drinks straight from the bottle. Jeanie
text: comes in.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Thanks, Jeanie.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: By the way, I borrowed some cash
dialog: from you. I'll pay you back.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: You don't have to.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I want to.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: You don't have to. I've been ripping
dialog: off your wallet for years.
text: Ferris gives her a proud smile.
scene_heading: 201 EXT. HOUSE 201
text: Joyce and Tom head up to the kitchen.
scene_heading: 202 INT. KITCHEN 202
text: Ferris and Jeanie exit the kitchen as Joyce and Tom enter.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (to Todd and Kimberly)
dialog: Hi, guys.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Is my head swelling up?
scene_heading: 203 INT. HOUSE. FOYER 203
text: The foyer is jammed with floral arrangements, plants and
text: gifts. Ferris and Jeanie step gingerly through the flowers
text: and head upstairs.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: I'm sorry I've been riding your
dialog: buns for so long.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: It's completely cool.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (OC)
dialog: Ferris!
text: Ferris continues up the stairs. He affects a sickly voice.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Upstairs, Mom!
scene_heading: 204 INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING 204
text: Ferris and Jeanie stop.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Do you know a guy named Garth
dialog: Volbeck?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
text: Vaguely.
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Is he cool?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: He's cool. But stay away from his
dialog: brother.
text: Ferris walks into the room, brushes the crumbs off his hands
text: and peels off his shirt. He climbs into bed. No sooner are
text: the covers over him than the bedroom door opens and Joyce
text: and Tom walk in. They walk over to the bed. Joyce sits down.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Honey?
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: The same deathly face he had in the morning. Tongue out,
text: eyes bulging.
speaker_heading: TOM (OC)
dialog: Ferris? How do you feel?
text: He pulls in his tongue to speak.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (deathly gasp)
dialog: 150% better, thank you.
scene_heading: 205 INT. BEDROOM 205
text: Tom and Joyce hover over him with deep concern.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: I'm much better, really. Please,
dialog: don't make me stay home again. I
dialog: want to go to school. I'm graduating
dialog: in June and I...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ferris. You're sick. There's no point
dialog: pushing yourself and making it worse.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Maybe you're right, Dad.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I know I'm right.
text: Joyce leans over and kisses him forehead.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: How did you get so sweet?
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: Years of practice.
text: Tom pats Ferris on the rump. He and Joyce exit.
speaker_heading: CU. FERRIS
text: The hideous face. A beat and we HEAR THE BEDROOM DOOR CLOSE.
text: Ferris looks at CAMERA.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: (happy sigh)
dialog: Yeah, life is a carousel. A
dialog: great big crazy ball of pure
text: living, breathing joy and delight.
text: He rolls over on his back and puts his hands behind his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: FERRIS
dialog: You gotta get one.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: MUSIC UP BIG
speaker_heading: END TITLES
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
