scene_heading: FINAL DESTINATION 2
dialog: By J. Mackye Gruber and Eric Bress
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. DARK ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: TITLES OVER:
text: A padded wall is papered with NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS that date back to
dialog: the early 1900s:
text: "LOCAL FOWLER BROTHERS LOSE $35 TICKETS TO BOARD TITANIC" appears
text: over "FOWLER BROTHERS KILLED IN COAL MINE MISHAP." Another series of
text: articles reads, "JEWISH PROFESSOR DENIED ADMITTANCE TO HINDENBURG"
text: and "PROFESSOR RABINOWITZ KILLED IN AVALANCHE." Etc...
text: Continuing along the wall, the newspaper articles all focus on the
text: fates of the original SURVIVORS of the FLIGHT 180 CRASH.
text: We DISSOLVE between the various headlines depicting the gruesome
text: deaths of Tod, Terry, Ms. Lewton, Billy Hitchcock, Carter and Alex
dialog: Browning.
text: Also in the mix are various CRIME SCENE PHOTOS of the deaths.
text: Decapitated torsos, crushed, mangled bodies, the charred remains of
text: another and the face- down body of Alex Browning.
text: MAPS line the walls as well, pinpointing the locations of numerous
text: deaths, perhaps seeking a pattern. Charts that timeline bizarre
dialog: deaths, seating charts of downed aircraft, etc...
text: LATEX -GLOVED HANDS tear out the last article, apply fun- tack to its
text: corners and place it in the center of all the others:
text: A REMEMBRANCE FOR THE VICTIMS OF FLIGHT 180
text: Friday marks one year anniversary.
scene_heading: END TITLES.
text: FLASH TO BLACK as a HAND ENTERS FRAME, PULL BACK TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBERLY'S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: KIMBERLY BURROUGHS, 19, puts a folded AAA map in her mouth. She opens
text: the back of a RED NISSAN SUV, and pla ces her duffel bag inside.
text: That done, she lets the map drop from her mouth, catches it in her
text: free hand and turns to hug her father, MR. BURROUGHS.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Thanks, Dad. I'll call you.
speaker_heading: MR. BU RROUGHS
dialog: You have everything, Kimberly?
dialog: Credit card, cell phone, AAA card?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Relax, Dad. It's Daytona, not
dialog: Mongolia.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Fix -A-flat? Road flares?
dialog: Sunblock? Mace?
speaker_heading: SHAINA (O.S.)
dialog: Condoms, handcuffs, lube?
text: Kimberly and Mr. Burroughs turn to see --
text: SHAINA, 19, tall leggy brunette. Tan, tight tube top revealing her
text: pierced navel, Kimberly's best friend. She walks up the driveway with
text: her bags.
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: Just kidding, Mr. B. Don't worry,
dialog: I'll keep an eye on her.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, that makes me feel a lot
dialog: better.
text: Shaina throws her bags in, shuts the back and climbs in the SUV.
text: Kimberly hugs her dad, kissing him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I know this is the first time we've
dialog: been apart since. But everything's
dialog: gonna be okay.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: I know, honey. I just --
text: Kimberly hugs him tighter. Cutting him off.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: Your mother would have been so
dialog: proud of the way you've handled
dialog: yourself through all of this...
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I know, Dad.
speaker_heading: SHAINA (O.S.)
dialog: Hello, the guys are waiting!
text: Kimberly gives him a quick kiss, jumps behind the wheel, starts the
text: car and pulls away as Shaina cranks up the stereo.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: Buckle up!
text: Mr. Burroughs waves as the girls roar off. As he looks down he spots
text: an OIL STAIN left by Kimberly's SUV. As he drags his shoe across the
text: stain, a SLIGHT BREEZE blows past his face.
text: CAMERA PUSHES IN as a look of concern crosses his face.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY ON RAMP - DAY
speaker_heading: ON OLD WOMAN
text: As she pushes her supermarket cart up the on ramp. A SQUEAKY WHEEL is
text: shrill and disturbing.
text: DRIVERS of several waiting vehicles avoid staring at her weathered
text: face as she passes. Up ahead waiting in line, is Kimberly's red SUV.
speaker_heading: UP AHEAD
text: Waiting in line, is Kimberly's red SUV.
speaker_heading: SHAINA (O.S.)
dialog: Watch it!
text: Kimberly accidentally KISSES the bumper in front of her while
text: daydreaming. She calls out to the driver in front:
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Sorry! My fault!
text: Shaina looks over, concerned. In the backseat, the guys DANO and
text: FRANKIE laugh hard and some of Frankie's milkshake comes out of his
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: Want me to drive?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: No, I'm good.
text: Shaina looks at Kimberly as a HAND suddenly hits Kimberly's window.
text: Kimberly spins around, startled.
text: Kimberly stares transfixed at the Old Woman, who stares back with
text: chilling intensity.
text: The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking freak." The Old Woman's
text: PLASTIC BAG BREAKS, sending oranges rolling down the on- ramp. The Old
text: Woman breaks eye contact with Kimberly as she rushes to retrieve
dialog: them.
text: The signal turns from red to flashing yellow.
text: Kimberly pulls the SU V onto the highway, looking in the side view
text: mirror to see the Old Woman look up at her in SLOW-MO.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Dano, shouldn't we go back and help
dialog: your mother?
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: Blo w me.
speaker_heading: CU ON KIMBERLY
text: As she looks back from the mirror and reacts to an ominous electronic
text: road sign that flashes "WARNING: CONSTRUCTION NEXT 180 FEET".
speaker_heading: NISSAN SUV
text: Kimberly merging into traffic, NEARLY COLLIDES with a speeding yellow
text: mini- bus carrying a high- school football team.
text: Kimberly nervously jerks the wheel to the right, then realizing she's
text: speeding towards the road construction barrels, she swerves back
text: left, right behind the mini-bus at the last moment.
speaker_heading: CLOSE.
text: Kimberly pulls around the mini-bus as rowdy football players tackle
text: each other, yelling:
scene_heading: FOOTBALL PLAYERS
dialog: Pile up! Pile up! Pile up!
text: Kimberly flicks on the radio and we hear HIGHWAY TO HELL by AC/DC at
text: earsplitting volume. Kimberly and Shaina jump from the shock and
dialog: reach to lower the volume.
text: Kimberly, disturbed by this, hits SEEK -- an oldies station. A GRISLY
text: CAR CRASH from Nervous Norvus' TRANSFUSION album.
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: Christ, is this tribute to Princess
dialog: Di Day or what?
text: Kimberly passes a car WEAVING on her right. The driver reaching into
text: the back seat to quiet a BARKING DOG hanging on its head out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (unnerved)
dialog: Jesus, all the crazies are out
dialog: today.
text: A CLOUD passes Kimberly's head. She smells it and turns around,
text: taking her eyes off the road to see Dano smoking a joint.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I told you no drugs in the car! My
dialog: dad will freak!
dialog: Dano and Frankie exchange looks, God, what a geek!
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Calm down, Kimmy. It's not drugs,
dialog: just weed.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Yeah, you should have specified.
text: Kimberly turns to Shaina, helpless. Shaina spins around, her eyes
dialog: wordlessly tell Dano, I know she's a priss, but put it out.
text: Then Kimberly's CELL PHONE RINGS. She hits the speaker button.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS (V.O.)
dialog: Kimberly? It's Dad.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Hey, Dad. What's up?
text: Dano defiantly blows more smoke toward Kimberly, then breaks into an
text: unexpected coughing fit - looking over to see a HELLS ANGEL laughing
text: at hi m. The biker's trashy GIRLFRIEND, also laughing, quickly FLASHES
text: HER TITS at Dano over:
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS (V.O.)
dialog: Your car's leaking either
dialog: transmission or brake fluid. I
dialog: want you to have it checked ASAP at
text: a gas station.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: You got it, Dad. I'll call you if
dialog: I have a problem.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS (V.O.)
dialog: I mean it. Take care of it.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I will, Dad. Bye, luv you.
text: Kimberly passes a STATION WAGON on her right, the DRIVER squinting at
text: a map while driving. A mattress and some furniture tied to the top
text: SHIFT as the wagon hits a bump.
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: Um, Kimberly, your dad's not gonna
dialog: call like every ten minutes is he?
text: Before Kimberly can answer, Dano sees a CHP speeding up behind him.
text: He lowers the joint at once.
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: (hiding bag of weed in
dialog: pants)
text: Shit! There's a cop behind us.
dialog: Pull into the right lane now!
text: Kimberly, scared, does as she's told nearly colliding with a speeding
text: flat bed semi hauling a huge load of logs !
text: A HORN BLASTS. The truck swerves. Then speeds by on the right. A
text: COILED CHAIN drops down to the highway.
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: Look first, idiot!
text: Shaina turns up the radio and leans over to Kimberly.
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: Ignore 'em.
speaker_heading: ON LOG TRUCK
text: One end of the RUSTY CHAIN holding the logs in place rattles on the
text: pavement, sparking.
text: Looking in her rearview mirror, Kimberly turns pale - the COP pulls
text: in behind her.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Dano, put that out NOW.
text: Dano takes one last drag and flicks the joint out the window. It
text: bounces on the windshield of a FORD EXPEDITION to their left.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE EXPEDITION
text: KAT, 28, very corporate America, wears a navy blue power suit and
text: speaks into a phone headset while smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: No, I'm stuck on Jury Duty so I
dialog: won't be able to pitch the
dialog: campaign. Let's get Silverstein to
dialog: come in and...
text: Kat sees the joint that smoulders in the dried leaves beneath her
text: windshield wipers. A moment later, a small FLAME crackles.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What the hell? No, not you.
text: Kat flicks on her WINDSHIELD WIPER FLUID, successfully putting out
text: the joint, but her worn wipers smear ash and fluid around, impairing
dialog: her vision.
text: Kat turns and looks at --
text: DANO, dead serious all of a sudden. Staring straight ahead.
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: What's the cop doing? Did he see
dialog: that?
text: Kat sees the tailgating CHP, smiles, then resumes her conversation.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Forget it, I'll call him myself.
text: Kat hangs up, then looks down at her cell phone, squints and dials a
dialog: number...
text: PAN OFF KAT TO OFFICER THOMAS BURKE
text: Early 20's, rookie cop, who seems to have missed the entire exchange.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE POLICE CAR
text: Thomas speaks into his radio.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I was supposed to be off today.
dialog: How did I get screwed?
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (O.S.)
dialog: No biggie. Drake called in sick.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Copy that.
dialog: (switches off; annoyed)
dialog: Go on, sleep it off Drake.
text: Thomas tries to sip from a McDonald's coffee cup on the dashboard,
text: but it's TOO HOT. He places it back on the dash.
text: The VIBRATIONS of the road make the COFFEE CUP slide closer and
text: closer to the edge of the dashboard.
text: BACK TO KIMBERLY'S SUV
text: Dano nervously looks back.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Relax, dude.
text: But Kimberly still looks uneasy as her dashboard "Check Engine" light
text: begins flickering.
text: Kimberly spots a road sign -- Next Service 18 Miles.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: This trip better be wor th it.
dialog: What's the guy- girl ratio again?
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: Get ready to smile, five guys per
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I can live with thaaaa --
text: Kimberly stops mid-sentence when the WHITE VAN in front of her
text: suddenly SLAMS ON ITS BRAKES and pulls onto the shoulder for no
text: reason. Kimberly SCREAMS, swerving around the van just in time to
text: avoid an accident. Frankie instinctively SHOUTS at the van.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: What's your problem, ya fuckin'
dialog: crack baby?!
scene_heading: INSIDE THE WHITE VAN
text: ISABELLA CRUZ, late 20's and VERY PREGNANT, drives a delivery van
text: full of funeral wreaths, crosses and classic rose urns. Most are
dialog: marked: In Memory of Flight 180.
text: She chokes back sobs into a cell phone as she pulls over.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: ...couldn't Keep your dick in check
dialog: for another month? I knew this
dialog: would happen when I got pregnant.
text: She pounds the steering wheel, furious.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: What'd the doctor say? I have to
dialog: come in to test for STDs? Goddamn
dialog: you, Jorge.
text: A CRATE in the back of her van topples over and CRASHES and a flurry
text: of sunflower petals sails out the window. Isabella jumps in surprise
text: and, wiping tears from her eyes, rolls up the windows as petals
dialog: shower the visor of --
text: EUGENE, the Harley Rider, who smears the petals (and some squashed
text: bugs) around his visor and drops back.
speaker_heading: INSIDE NISSAN SUV
text: Kimberly falls back into the right lane and looks uneasy as she sees
text: a TRUCK DRIVER guzzling from a flask as it passes the SUV, revealing
text: its side is an ad for FIRESTONE TIRES.
text: It finally clears frame, revealing a highway billboard that reads,
text: "DRUNK DRIVING KILLS."
text: Kimberly reaches back and pulls on her seatbelt in spite of laughter
text: from the back seat.
text: Up ahead, the RUSTY CHAIN seems to have more give to it. LOGS STRAIN
dialog: against it.
text: Suddenly, a black cloud of exhaust from a blue '83 Chevette in front
text: of them causes everyone to roll up their windows.
text: OIL DRIPS from its rusty exhaust pipe. The thick exhaust BLINDS
dialog: Kimberly.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Gas it around these idiots. We do
dialog: have 1200 miles to go, you know.
text: Kimberly tires to enter the passing lane, but she's blocked by a
text: SUBURU WAGON. In the front seat, a seven- year old kid is sadistically
text: SMASHING two toy cars together.
text: Kimberly passes the Suburu and pulls up to a PACER. The Harley roars
text: by, startling her.
speaker_heading: INSIDE PACER
text: NORA KESNER, 35, and her son TIM, 15. Tim drums on the dashboard with
text: two ten-ounce Naya bottles.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Tim, will you cut that out? I
dialog: can't even hear myself think.
text: Tim frowns and then winces, holding his jaw.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Damn, it really hurts, Mom.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I know, we'll be there soon.
text: Tim drops the Naya bottles on the seat. One of them quietly falls to
text: the floor, rolls a bit, finally settling UNDER THE BRAKE PEDAL.
speaker_heading: INSIDE NISSAN SUV
text: Kimberly is still behind the smoke-spewing Chevette. She passes it on
text: the left. Frankie rolls down his window.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: (yells to driver)
dialog: Ever hear of the Ozone layer,
dialog: asshole?
speaker_heading: INSIDE CHEVETTE
text: RORY, 27, leans down to snort a line of coke off a Def Leppard CD
text: case. S he looks up to see the Patrol Car is now behind him, he
text: reflexively taps the brakes.
text: Rory, eyes like saucers, sits rigidly transfixed at the wheel and
text: nonchalantly wipes the CD clean on his pants.
speaker_heading: INSIDE NISSAN SUV
text: She has dropped back behind the Chevette and CHP car and is running
text: down along side of a BLACK TRANS AM.
text: Up ahead she sees the Hig hway Patrol Car flick on its LIGHTS and pull
text: into the shoulder around the Chevette and behind the Semi loaded with
dialog: logs.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COP CAR
text: As Thomas pulls in behind the log truck, his coffee cup lurches
text: forward, spilling hot coffee all over his lap and the floor.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: INSIDE TRANS AM
text: Its driver, EVAN SCHAEFFER, 21, flashes a cocky smile at Kimberly,
text: clearly making Frankie jealous.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: A Trans Am. That shit went out
dialog: with New Kids on the Block.
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: Yeah. Who does he think he is?
dialog: Knight Rider?
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: (laughs; then)
dialog: Who?
text: Frankie leans out and tosses milkshake on Evan's window.
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: You know, Hasselhoff before he did
dialog: Baywatch.
text: Evan, pissed off, flips off Frankie. The windshield wipers smear
text: around the thick milky fluid. The sun blinding him.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: What's the chance of finding a nice
dialog: mature guy once we get to Daytona?
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: How does a nice mature fuck sound?
text: Kimberly laughs, then leans in close to Shaina.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Hey, thanks for talking me into
dialog: this trip. Ever since my mom... I
dialog: dunno, I just feel like I'm
dialog: starting to live again, you know?
text: Shaina smiles in understanding.
scene_heading: INSIDE POLICE CRUISER
text: Thomas bends to wipe up the mess. He only glances at the road as he
text: tries to soak up the coffee.
text: Suddenly up ahead, THE RUSTY CHAIN SNAPS! The logs roll off the side
text: of the truck onto the highway.
text: One bounces as it hits, and slams through Thomas' front winshield and
text: out the back, taking Thomas' head with it.
text: EUGENE slams on his brakes. His Harley slides out and he is SLAMMED
text: to the ground, sliding at 60 miles per hour across the highway, right
text: in front of the yellow mini-bus.
text: The MINI- BUS DRIVER brakes to avoid Eugene. The FOOTBALL PLAYERS
text: tumble forward and hit him in the head. He loses control and slides
text: off the road onto the grass median.
text: He blows a front tire and the mini-bus begins to flip, ROLLING
text: several times int o the oncoming lanes of traffic, and is HIT by a
text: MACK TRUCK.
text: Eugene slides into a huge log, and hits it with a sickening crunch.
text: Only to be HIT and CRUSHED by his sliding motorcycle.
text: Rory looks up too late and REAR ENDS Thomas' car, EXPLODING the gas
text: tank and HURLING Rory's dead body halfway through the windshield
text: where it remains half in/half onto the hood.
text: KAT, dialing, looks up, slams on her brakes, but SKIDS on oil from
dialog: the Chevette.
text: She swerves into Kimberly, SIDE SWIPES her, then swerves to miss a
text: huge log -- only to run head on into two more, flipping the
text: Expedition end over end right next to Kimberly.
text: Kimberly swerves back from being hit by Kat, just in time to see a
text: huge log ahead. She tries to turn hard to the right to avoid it, but
dialog: hits it broadside --
text: Sending the SUV FLIPPING OVER the top of the log and SLIDING down the
text: road. Inside, Shaina, Dano and Frankie are tossed around like rag
text: dolls, shredded by glass and shrapnel -- Frankie is EJECTED out the
text: side window.
text: Kimberly's SUV slides to a stop on its side. She looks back to her
text: mangled but still alive friends and up in time to see
speaker_heading: NORA'S PACER
text: Nora sees the collisions ahead and slams on the brakes but the fallen
text: Naya bottle prevents her from braking, and she SLAMS into the back of
dialog: Kat's Expedition.
text: The crash test dummy collision folds her Pacer and it EXPLODES into a
text: huge fireball.
text: EVAN, blinded by the smeared windshield, is too late. He swerves his
text: Trans Am around the burning cars onto the wet grass.
text: Kimberly sees the topless Trans Am slowly roll out of a huge WALL OF
text: FIRE and coast to a stop. Evan comes up battered and bloody but still
text: alive. He is trapped in his burning car, screaming and trying to
dialog: release the seatbelt.
text: Then, just when she thought it was over, a HUGE SEMI slides thro ugh
text: the wall of fire, SMASHING the Trans Am out of the way, SPINNING it
text: like a top. With the back sliding at 90 degrees it keeps on coming.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY'S POV
text: The semi's grill comes right at her!
speaker_heading: CU ON KIMBERLY
dialog: She screams and we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE HIGHWAY O N RAMP - NISSAN SUV - 8 MINUTES EARLIER
text: Sweating profusely, Kimberly's eyes dart around, taking in her
dialog: surroundings...
speaker_heading: DANO (O.S.)
dialog: Flight 180. You know, that plane
dialog: crash with those kids from Mount
dialog: Abraham.
text: The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
text: The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking Freak!"
text: Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
text: Kimberly's eyes lower to the bag of oranges --
text: Which BREAKS, exactly like before, and the Old Woman scurries after
text: them. The signal turns from red to flashing yellow.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Dano, shouldn't we stop and help
dialog: your mother?
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: Blow me. Yellow means go,
dialog: Kimberly.
text: Kimberly hyperventilates in the driver's seat. Freaking. A yellow
text: mini- bus with football players speeds past.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Oh my god, oh my god...
text: Dano, confused, rolls a joint.
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: What is it? What are you?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: There's going to be a huge
dialog: accident! Everyone's gonna die.
dialog: All of us! I saw it!
text: Dano hums the Twilight Zone theme.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: That's it. My turn to drive.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - KIMBERLY SCREAMS!
dialog: AND WE'RE BACK
text: THE HIGHWAY ON RAMP
text: Sweating profusely, Kimberly's eyes dart around, taking in her
dialog: surroundings.
speaker_heading: DANO (O.S.)
dialog: Flight 180. Y'know, that plane
dialog: crash with those kids from Mt.
dialog: Abraham?
text: The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
text: The kids ad-lib "Let's go", "Fucking freak."
text: Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
text: Kimberly's eyes lower to the bag of oranges, which breaks, exactly
text: like before and the Old Woman scurries after them.
text: The signal turns from red to flashing yellow.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Dano, shouldn't we stop and help
dialog: your mother?
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: Blow me. Yellow means go, Kimmy.
text: Kimberly hyperventilates in the driver's seat. Freaking. A yellow
text: mini- bus with football players speeds by.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Oh my God, oh my God...
text: Dano, confused, rolls a joint.
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: What is it? What are you?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: There's going to be a huge
dialog: accident! Everyone's gonna die,
dialog: all of us, I saw it!
text: Dano hums the Twilight Zone theme.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: That's it. My turn to drive.
text: HONK! The drivers behind them start leaning on their horns. Kimberly
text: leans out the window and sees the Chevette, the Pacer, The White Van,
text: the Trans Am, the Harley...all the familiar vehicles from the pile
text: up. She turns on the radio, frantically scans the dial.
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: Relax, you need to chill the fuck
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Highway to Hell, Highway to Hell.
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: For Christ sakes girl, take a
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: D.J. (O.S.)
dialog: Taking you into an all request
text: weekend with a classic from AC/DC.
text: The opening guitar riff to HIGHWAY TO HELL blares from the speakers.
text: Kimberly turns to Shaina with a "believe me know?" look, but Shaina's
text: nowhere near on the same page.
text: HONKING behind them.
text: Kimberly, shaking like a leaf, pulls the SUV forwards, turning it
text: sideways to block off all traffic.
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
text: Dano shifts in his seat and sees - a Highway Pat rol Car ominously
text: cruising up the shoulder of the onramp. He shoves a bag of weed,
text: along with the joint, down his pants.
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: Five-O's coming! Let's fucking
dialog: roll, man!
text: Officer Thomas Burke stops the car behind them.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Jesus Christ! Here he comes!
dialog: Move!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: No! We'll all die if we do!
text: The cop turns on his FLASHERS.
speaker_heading: DANO
dialog: I told you she'd ruin everything!
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: Shut up, Dano, just stay cool.
dialog: (to Kimberly)
text: He's just stoned.
text: Officer Thomas Burke exits his car and approaches the passenger side
text: of the SUV, hand on weapon. Thomas taps the window with his knuckle.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What's going on here?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (incoherent, through
dialog: tears)
dialog: There's going to be a pile up.
text: Logs. Bodies everywhere. I saw it
dialog: happen. It happened.
text: Thomas looks to the guys in back who shrug, "we don't know her."
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Miss, please step out of the
dialog: vehicle.
text: As she does, Thomas discretely unsnaps his holster. RORY nervously
text: eyes the action. Sneaks a paper bundle into his sock. ISABELLA, the
text: pregnant woman in the White Van, gets out. She gives Thomas her
text: friendliest smile, milking the pregnant belly.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Excuse me, but is there some way we
dialog: could just drive around? I have a
dialog: delivery.
text: Her CELL PHONE RINGS and she leans back inside to answer it.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Hey hon, you got a mysterious
text: caller on the answering machine
dialog: from Planned Parenthood. What's
dialog: going on?
text: As she listens, growing agitated, the Harley Rider dismounts and
text: pulls off his helmet. Revealing EUGENE DIX, 35, a nebbishy school
text: teacher in cool leathers.
speaker_heading: INSIDE PACER
text: NORA watches the SUV, distressed.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What on Earth are they doing?
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: (picking up two Naya
dialog: bottles)
dialog: Who am I, David Blane?
text: Nora gives Tim a hard stare, then they both break into smiles. Nora
text: tousles his hair. And doesn't stop.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: (good-natured laughter)
dialog: Okay, quit it already.
text: As he laughs, something pains his jaw and he winces. THOMAS isn't
text: quite sure what kind of insanity he's dealing with yet. Dano and
text: Frankie, no help, stare dead ahead.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (trying to calm herself)
dialog: The radio played the same songs,
text: the old lady's bag broke the exact
dialog: same way it did in my premonition.
text: Kimberly erupts into a panic when she sees the LOG TRUCK speed past.
text: She grabs at Thomas for emphasis.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: THAT's the truck that's going to
dialog: kill everyone!
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Alright miss, calm down. I just
dialog: need this lane open. I need you to
dialog: pull your vehicle onto the
dialog: shoulder!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: You're not listening to me! You
dialog: have to do something!
text: EVAN impatiently yells out the window of his TRANS AM.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Arrest this whack-job, wouldja?
dialog: Some of us have lives, y'know.
text: Kimberly looks to Shaina for support, but even Shaina can't meet her
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Why won't anyone listen to me?
text: Thomas, subtly reaching for his cuffs.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I'm not going to tell you to calm
dialog: down again --
text: A SERIES OF CRASHES AND EXPLOSIONS ARE HEARD. In the distance. It's
text: neverending. Horrific. Kimberly's face crumbles. She screams in
text: horror and collapses against the SUV.
text: Thomas runs to his patrol car.
text: The White Delivery Van makes a J- turn out of the line of cars and
text: SPEEDS down the onramp in reverse, Isabella screaming angrily into
text: her cell phone.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: You couldn't keep your dick in
dialog: check for a month?!
text: The other drivers exit their cars, craning their necks to see what's
text: happened up ahead. Kat takes a deep drag off her smoke.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Great, now I'm really gonna be
dialog: late.
text: Thomas barks into the radio handset --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: L.A. 51, I need assistance and
dialog: requesting paramedics for a major
dialog: T.A. At --
dialog: INSIDE THE SUV
text: Frankie watches the traffic start to back up as a couple of passing
text: cars BRAKE HARD. Shaina anxiously watches Kimberly pacing behind the
dialog: SUV.
speaker_heading: SHAINA
dialog: Kimberly, what's going on?
text: Kimberly moves toward Shaina's window. As she leans her head into
text: Shaina's window, an ominous BREEZE blows back their hair and we hear
text: the BLARING HORN of a TRUCK.
text: And Kimberly is unexpectedly yanked backward by Thomas!
text: From nowhere, a SHRIEK of BRAKES as a JACK-KNIFED TRUCK plow s the SUV
text: across the frame! CRASH! Flying debris misses Kimberly and Thomas by
dialog: inches!
text: Kimberly cries in horror into Thomas' shoulder as her friends burn up
text: in the wreckage.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - ESTABLISHING SHOT
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: CHAOS. Evan, the driver of the Trans Am, impatiently speaks to
text: DETECTIVE SUBY, late 40s, professional with an open face that makes
dialog: him a great listener.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I don't know what you want from me.
text: Some crazy chic k blocks the highway
dialog: with her car, said there'd be an
dialog: accident and there was. Big deal.
dialog: Even a broken watch is right twice
dialog: a day...
text: Officer Thomas Burke passes by, heading into --
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Kat, Eugene, Nora, Tim, and Rory sit in a large room, waiting to give
text: statements. Unlike Evan, these witnesses are clearly distraught.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Not to sound insensitive, but how
dialog: much longer is this going to take?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: If I don't get back to my classroom
dialog: soon, the kids'll tear the room
dialog: apart.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Those poor people. To think it
dialog: would've been us if not for...
text: PAN OVER TO REVEAL KIMBERLY. She's still in shock, her mind far away.
text: Thomas sits close to her, speaking softly.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Tell me again how it started.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Like I said, it was like I was
dialog: there. I remember everything. The
text: sounds of the crashes, the smells,
text: the look on Shaina's face...
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Do you remember what triggered it
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: The log truck...and everybody I
dialog: guess. Everyone was driving like a
dialog: maniac. And somehow I knew
dialog: something horrible was going to
dialog: happen, even before it did.
text: Something clicks for Thomas, but he forces himself to speak calmly,
text: like a lawyer leading a friendly witness.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: You knew? You just mean a hunch,
dialog: right? A bad vibe, maybe?
text: The other drivers stare at Kimberly.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: More than that. All the songs on
dialog: the radio were about car crashes.
text: Some kid's banging toy cars
dialog: together.
dialog: (lookin g at her)
text: She was dialing her cell phone with
text: her headset on.
dialog: (points to Rory)
text: His car was leaking oil all over
dialog: the road.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Hey, don't be knockin' the
dialog: Chevette.
text: But the others listen intently now. Especially Kat, who spies her
text: headset buried deep in her purse.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Billboards about accidents. Kids
text: yelling "pile up" for no reason.
dialog: It all felt...just wrong.
dialog: Just like...
dialog: (swallows; hesitates)
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Like what?
text: Kimberly sighs and looks down. The room becomes eerily silent, except
text: for the FLICKER of a florescent light.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I know this sounds crazy...but you
dialog: all heard about Flight 180, right?
dialog: The kid who got off the plane?
text: Thomas' eyes widen -- then a startling CRASH as Rory, le aning back in
text: his chair, tips over. Thomas rolls his eyes as Rory grins sheepishly
text: and picks himself up.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: You mean Alex Browning.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: ...My Premonition was just like
dialog: his.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, you must have read about that
dialog: kid who had a dream about a plane
dialog: crash so he got his buddies off the
dialog: plane? Then the thing blew up just
dialog: like in the dream?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Maybe...
text: Eugene sees Nora and Tim are hooked and speaks in scary campfire
dialog: tones.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: But this is where it starts to get
dialog: freaky. So a month goes by,
dialog: everything seems cool, but then the
text: survivors start dying one boy one.
dialog: 'Cause when your number's up, it's
dialog: up, right? Some people said Death
dialog: itself started coming for them,
dialog: hunting down every last one, until
dialog: they were all dead.
text: Everyone tenses up.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Well, not quite all of them. Clear
dialog: Rivers checked herself into a
text: padded room at Stoneybrook.
text: Kimberly, affected, looks to Thomas for confirmation.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: You do believe me, don't you?
text: BANG! Everyone jumps as Detective Suby pounds on the door and opens
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE SUBY
dialog: Officer Burke? Could I see you in
dialog: here?
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The DOOR OPENS. Detective Suby enters, leading Thomas. Through a two -
text: way mirror, they can see the others chatting anxiously.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE SUBY
dialog: Tell me you didn't start up on that
dialog: Flight 180 shit again.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Did you?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Of course not. That would be
text: irresponsible and unprofessional.
text: Detective Suby's persistent glare makes Thomas uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Look, you weren't there. It was
dialog: weird. She knew that log truck was
dialog: gonna cause an accident, she knew.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Never mind.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE SUBY
dialog: I thought we we re finished with
dialog: this bullshit. This is police
dialog: work, not the psychic Hot Line.
text: But Thomas isn't listening. He's glued to Kimberly's words. When
text: Detective Suby realizes this, he stops and listens.
speaker_heading: KIMBER LY
dialog: But if I was never meant to pull
dialog: over, then we all should have died
text: in the pile up.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Which means Death could be coming
dialog: for us.
dialog: Detective Suby looks pissed o ff.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE SUBY
text: Way to console the witnesses Burke.
text: At the same time, we watch Evan enter the other room, grab his jacket
text: and wave goodbye to the others.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE SUBY
dialog: You got 'em thinking Death is after
dialog: them? Shit, they're the luckiest
dialog: sons o' bitches on the planet. Get
dialog: this guy Evan Shaeffer; Yesterday
dialog: the kid wins the lotto and today
dialog: some looney bitch b locks traffic
text: and he avoids the worst pile up in
dialog: years. I should be so damn
dialog: unlucky.
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Kimberly, Nora, Tim, Kat, Eugene and Rory now seem affected by what
dialog: they've heard.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What if it's true? What if it's
dialog: happening all over again?
text: The fluorescent light above FLICKERS ominously. Nora, disturbed,
text: stands up in a huff, grabbing Tim's arm.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You're all certifiable, you know
dialog: that? I can't believe I've been
dialog: listening to this crap. Come on,
dialog: Tim, let's go outside.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Jeez, Mom, stop trippin'.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Look lady, we're just yankin' your
dialog: chain.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Yeah, you're acting like we all
dialog: just got the Diff'rent Strokes
dialog: curse or something.
text: Eugene and Rory burst out laughin g. Nora shakes her head, disgusted.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What's wrong with you people?
text: Nora pulls a reluctant Tim out of the room. As she opens the door,
text: the others watch Detective Suby and Thomas appear from nowhere to
text: calm her down . When the door swings shut, an awkward silence.
text: Suddenly, the door opens again and Thomas leads Mr. Burroughs inside.
text: Mr. Burroughs sees Kimberly and chokes back tears.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: Kimberly...
text: The sight of her fath er crying is enough to make Kimberly's own dam
text: burst. She rushes over to him and buries her head in his chest,
text: sobbing.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: Can I take her home?
text: Thomas nods.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE SUBY
dialog: Sure, you can all go.
text: By now, the fluorescent light flickers out of control. When Rory, Kat
text: and Eugene stand up, Thomas looks helpless.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: First I'm stuck with Jury Duty, now
dialog: this nonsense.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Yeah, I hate to love and leave ya,
dialog: but I've been over this X-Files
dialog: shit since the sixth season.
text: As Thomas watches them file out, the fluorescent light POPS. Then
scene_heading: DARKNESS.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Kimberly sits at the table. Mr. Burroughs sets down a cup of tea
text: before her. Both are shaken.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I know it's crazy, but I'm really
dialog: scared for the others. I've got
dialog: this terrible feeling.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: What feeling?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: That it's not over yet.
text: She picks up the tea, it clatters in her trembling hands.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: Don 't worry. Everything will be
dialog: fine, you'll see.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S STAIRWELL - DAY
text: A dingy singly light bulb illuminates the narrow stairwell. Evan
text: appears in the darkness, carrying a brand new television with some
text: packages on top. He's unable to s ee the long rickety stairwell he
dialog: climbs.
text: The stairs are littered with Chinese take out MENUS and a TONKA TRUCK
text: apparently left by some kids.
text: As Evan slowly climbs the staircase, a FAT MAN comes down, forcing
dialog: Evan to lean against -
text: THE RAILING - which CREAKS and BENDS. After the FAT MAN passes, Evan
text: slowly continues up again, TEARING HIS SHIRT on a nail.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Motherfucker.
text: A HEATING DUCT CLICKS ON. The air blows a TONKA TRUCK slowly toward
text: the center of the staircase, directly in Evan's path - but Evan just
dialog: misses it!
text: He continues past MORE TOYS, nearing the top stair -
text: The Airduct coughs, sending menus fluttering toward Evan's feet and
text: he slips on them! He juggles the TV - but ultimately rights himself
text: and continues down the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Dim, cheap, probably roach-infested. As Evan enters, the small
text: packages fall off the TV box and onto the floor.
text: Evan places the TV by the door, looks at his torn shirt, but fuck it,
text: who cares; he's on a natural high. He peels his shirt off, revealing
text: his PIERCED NIPPLES, flicks on the radio and DANCES his way over to
text: the fridge and grabs a drink.
text: In the tiny kitchenette area, a small swarm of flies hovers over a
text: grease-filled frying pan.
text: Evan recoils, throws open the window and throws the grease to the
text: sidewalk five stories below. An ominous BREEZE enters --
text: And a kitchen cabinet slowly BLOWS OPEN. Some FORKS and KNIVES slide
text: forward on poorly stacked plates. Daring to fall into the toaster.
text: Evan spills some cooking oil on the range while pouring it into the
text: frying pan, then dumps in some frozen mozzarella sticks. Evan puts
text: the frying pan on the stove and turns it on HIGH.
text: He then grabs a container of CHINESE FOOD and rests it on the counter
text: next to the fridge. On the fridge, several colorful MAGNETS spell out
speaker_heading: HEY E.
text: PUSH IN on the H - which mysteriously drops into the Chinese food -
text: the word EY E remaining. Oblivious, Evan puts the food in the
text: microwave and turns it on.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STOVE
text: The cooki ng oil creeps toward the range... Evan hits PLAY on his
text: answering machine and rushes across the room to tear open his
dialog: packages...
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Dude! You suck! You buy one
dialog: fucking ticket in your whole life
dialog: and win twenty grand? We're going
dialog: whoring in Prague, you know this!
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Hold on, the boss is coming.
text: A CLICK, then hold MUZAK: AC/DC's HIGHWAY TO HELL.
text: ANGLE ON MAGNET in Chinese fo od. SPARKING. It pops and fizzles. And
text: ugly sound.
text: As many similar messages continue, Evan unwraps a new ROLEX! He
text: slides it over his wrist, admiring it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON KNIFE
text: Lazily sliding off the shelf and into the toaster, protruding about
text: an inch and a half. Hardly noticeable.
text: By now, Evan has opened the next package; a gaudy gold and diamond
text: encrusted horseshoe ring.
text: He carries the ring into the kitchenette, sees the Chinese food is
text: FLAMING, and his hands flash out to turn it off -- A SMALL EXPLOSION
text: from the microwave startles him.
text: The RING falls into his drain/garbage disposal!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Damn it!
text: Evan reaches INTO THE DRAIN, his fingers searching for the ring. When
text: he tries to pull his hand back out, the ROLEX CATCHES.
text: Another small EXPLOSION from the microwave, this one cracking the
text: GLASS. A Solo Plastic Cup nearby begins to melt.
text: Flames sputter around the rim of the frying pan. In moments, the oil
text: from the pan IGNITES. A small fire.
text: Evan sees all this and YANKS with all his might. No use. As the FIRE
text: slowly spreads to nearby cereal boxes, Evan starts to panic. He
text: continues yanking... Stuck.
text: He sees a bottle of PALMOLIVE on the other end of the counter. His
text: fingers reach for it.
text: Slightly out of his grasp. But his fingertips are just long enough to
text: knock the bottle backwards - where it rests against TWO SWITCHES.
text: The FIRE ALARM goes off. The PHONE RINGS.
text: Evan desperately lifts his leg and tries to use his foot to edge the
text: Palmolive over. By pushing the bottle up against the wall, it
text: threatens to turn on one of the switches.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FINGERS
text: In the GARBAGE DISPOSAL. A SWITCH is flipped - but the light goes on.
text: And the Palmolive lazily falls, resting on the remaining switch.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Come on, come on...
text: Evan makes one last push with his foot - accidently flipping the
scene_heading: SWITCH - the GARBAGE DISPOSAL GRINDS METAL!
text: Evan, horrified, miraculously yanks his hand free, brushing against
text: the knife in the toaster.
text: When the SHOCK goes through Evan's body, his other hand jerks out,
text: knocking the flaming frying pan to the floor.
text: The entire kitchen is in flames, including the new TV blocking the
text: door. The window slams SHUT! The room fills with smoke.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: Evan grabs a fire extinguisher. A mere dribble of foam comes out. He
text: begins COUGHING in the smoke.
text: Evan tries the window - STUCK! He has no choice but to smash the
text: kitchenette window with the fire extinguisher to get to the fire
dialog: escape.
text: He dr ops the fire extinguisher, starts to climb out the window, hears
text: a creak and looks up just as --
text: A large jagged shard of glass comes CRASHING down at him -- Evan
text: jumps back just in time as it shatters before him. The fire
text: completely engulfs the kitchen.
text: He bravely jumps through the window pane, landing on the fire escape.
text: He runs down the fire escape from floor to floor.
text: A LARGE BLAST from his window showers him with glass and brick
text: shrapnel, but ultimately, he makes it to the fire escape's lowest
text: level, intact.
text: He tries to lower the rusty metal ladder to the ground. It budges
text: once, then twice, but won't go down. So he climbs over the railing
text: and gently drops to the ground.
text: Safe and sound, he breathes a sigh of relief and turns to walk --
text: SUDDENLY he s lips on the very grease he threw out the window, his
text: legs shoot out from under him and he lands on his back.
text: The rusty ladder suddenly dislodges and hurls downward -- coming
text: right for Evan's face -- but stops halfway!
text: As Evan laughs, breathing a final sigh of relief, it suddenly
text: PLUMMETS again -- impaling Evan through his eye socket!
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - COMPUTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Thomas sits at the computer terminal. He checks to make sure no one's
text: watching as he enters a SEARCH for Alex Browning.
text: Ten websites come up, all devoted to the Flight 180 Curse. Thomas
text: scrolls around, seeing the death pix and autopsy photos of Flight 180
dialog: "survivors".
text: Headlines blare, "Freak Accident?" "Bizarre Coincidence?" describing
text: the way the victims died. As Thomas begins a localized search of the
dialog: word, "PREMONITION" --
text: SPOOKY HUMMING from behind him.
text: Thomas whirls around to see Det. Suby looking over his shoulder,
text: humming the music from an old monster movie. Suby presses one hand to
text: his forehead, the other polishing an apple against his vest.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE SUBY
dialog: (as if entranced)
dialog: Ooooh, I see it now. Your
dialog: future... A transfer to another
dialog: department.
text: Suby bites the apple, casually offering nothing more. Thomas,
text: embarrassed, flicks off the computer, stands.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: You've made your point.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE SUBY
dialog: Good. Cause we just got some new
dialog: info and I don't ne ed you getting
dialog: freaky on me.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE SUBY
dialog: Evan Shaeffer's dead. Guess he
dialog: wasn't as lucky as we thought.
text: Detective Suby shrugs and walks away, munching the apple. Thomas
text: looks stunned.
scene_heading: INT. KAT'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kat cradles a phone to her shoulder. She watches television and
text: crushes Oreos into a bowl of ice- cream.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: No, Mom. Just turn on any station,
dialog: they've been playing it all day.
dialog: (beat; rolls her eyes)
dialog: Yes, Mother. Channel four will do
dialog: just fine. Here it is, gotta go.
text: She hangs up the phone, mesmerized by the report:
text: FOOTAGE FROM A HELICOPTER shows the pile up wreckage.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Route 18 was backed up for almost
dialog: nine hours today when a record
dialog: breaking pile up...
scene_heading: INT. NORA'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Nora and Tim watch the same report.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...killed An estimated 18 people.
dialog: Emergency crews spent hours sifting
text: through the wreckage.
scene_heading: INT. EUGENE'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Eugene looks up from grading midterm bluebooks to watch.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...hoping To recover any survivors
dialog: from this tragic collision. So
text: far, the police are refusing to
dialog: release the names of the victims
dialog: until their families are notified.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBERLY'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Mr. Burroughs numbly watches the same report. He doesn't see Kimberly
text: enter behind him from the kitchen.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR WOMAN (O.S.)
text: The camera of a highway patrol car
dialog: managed to catch this shocking
dialog: footage --
text: B/W CAMERA FOOTAGE from Thomas' car shows Thomas tackling Kimberly to
text: the ground just as a jack -knifed truck plows into the SUV.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: My Lord...
text: A GASP from behind him. Mr. Burroughs spins to see Kimberly fighting
text: back tears and picks up the remote, prepared to click of the TV --
text: but she stops him.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Don't. I have to see this.
text: Mr. Burroughs reluctantly keeps the newscast on.
scene_heading: INT. RORY'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: It's a party. Rory, surrounded by BUDDIES, shakes a triumphant fist
text: at the television. HE WHOOPS with delight, spilling popcorn
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Whoohoo! You see that shit? Right
dialog: there? That's my fuckin' car right
dialog: there! Oh God, that's dope.
text: After high-fiving his peeps, he bends to table level and snorts a
text: freshly chopped line.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR MAN (O.S.)
dialog: In other news, a freak accident
dialog: took the life of a lotto winner.
text: Rory looks up to see the DMV photo of Evan. As he takes in the
text: report, his mood radically shifts. He looks like he's been hit by a
dialog: train.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: Of Kimberly, Nora, Tim, Eugene and Kat watching. They all take the
text: news very hard as the FOOTAGE shows Evan's BODY being carried away by
text: EMT workers. Eugene, however, shakes his head sadly but goes back to
dialog: grading blue books.
scene_heading: TIM'S BEDROOM - LATER
text: Tim's eyes are glued to the latest Stephen King novel. Nora peers in.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Come on, Tim, lights out already.
text: Tim starts at her voice, then reluctantly puts down the book.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: You think... You think those guys
dialog: were b.s.-ing us today or what?
text: Nora swallows, trying to seem brave.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Oh, please. Some people just need
dialog: some serious rewiring, that's all.
text: But neither of them are convinced.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Get some sleep.
text: Nora kisses his forehead and leaves the room. After she leaves, Tim
text: opens his nightstand drawer, pulls out a dusty nightlight and plugs
dialog: it in.
scene_heading: INT. NORA'S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nora closes her bedroom door. And locks it. She nervously checks the
text: closet and even lowers the blinds. Finally, she takes out a business
text: card and dials a number. She hangs up, then dials again.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Officer Burke, please?
scene_heading: INT. KIMBERLY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Mr. Burroughs tucks a still-shaken Kimberly into bed. In one of his
text: hands is a nearly empty glass of scotch.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: It's okay, Dad. I'm not ten
dialog: anymore.
text: Mr. Burroughs catches himself being overprotective.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm just so happy that
dialog: you're safe.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I love you too, Dad. Goodnight.
text: But Mr. Burroughs isn't ready to leave. He finishes his drink.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: You know, after your mother died...
text: Kimberly tenses, bracing for the worst.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: There were so many times I didn't
dialog: think I could last another day. I
dialog: can't even tell you some of the
dialog: things I th ought about.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I used to have those feelings, too.
dialog: But that's when I'd think of Mom.
dialog: Her strength...and courage. And
dialog: I'd pray that maybe I'd grow up to
dialog: be as brave as she was. And the
dialog: bad thoughts would go away.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS
dialog: (choking up)
dialog: I don't know what I'd do if I lost
dialog: you.
text: Mr. Burroughs leans over, kisses her forehead and leaves. Just as
text: he's out the door, he braces at the distant sound of a CAR SKIDDING
text: out of control. The ENDLESS SCREECH is nerve shattering. Mr.
text: Burroughs stands frozen, tensing for the inevitable crunch. But there
text: is none. And he leaves.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIMBERLY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is dark except for one burning candle. Kimberly tosses and
text: turns. The wind sends a single branch scraping against her window. A
text: porch swing SQUEAKS back and forth. Adding to her anxiety.
text: A BREEZE ENTERS, sputtering out the candle. Kimberly sits upright in
text: bed and sees the WINDOW IS SHUT. Huh? She lights a match and sees the
text: candle wax dripped onto her table, forming the gooey shape of
text: a...180? The match goes out in her hand. The room is dark again.
text: Headlights fr om passing cars cast eerie shadows on her ceiling.
text: Shadows resembling PLANES seem to transform into a SKULL.
text: Kimberly, freaked out, looks around to see the blinking light from
text: the VCR: it flashes 18:0 a few times, then 12:00.
text: She can't take it anymore. She yanks the VCR cord from the wall and
text: flicks on the lights, ridding the room of shadows. And anxiously
text: turns on her computer.
scene_heading: EXT. STONEYBROOK HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Kimberly drives a beat up Hyundai through an eerie morning mist that
text: surrounds the grounds of the Stoneybrook Hospital.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: A computer printout in the shotgun seat: MAPQUEST directions to
dialog: "Stoneybrook Hospital".
text: As Kimberly drives through the gate, the mist almost seems to follow
text: her inside.
text: A SIGN offers a choice between "Emergency/Medica l Care" or
text: "Psychiatric Treatment Center." Kimberly drives to the mental ward.
scene_heading: INT. MENTAL WARD - DAY
text: A PHYSICIAN in a lab coat leads a nervous Kimberly down the center of
text: a long corridor. The Physician consults a clipboard.
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN
dialog: ...at the request of the patient,
dialog: you are to relinquish any sharp
dialog: objects such as nail files,
text: pencils, pens, safety pins, bobby
dialog: pins, no matches, lighters, belts,
dialog: belt buckles, earrings, chokers,
dialog: shoelaces...
text: Kimberly watches carefully as the Physician comes to a door and
text: punches "4514" into the electronic lock. They continue down another
dialog: corridor.
text: Lights flicker,patients cackle and moan in the B.G.
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN
dialog: ...paper clips, watches, food,
dialog: drinks, keys, poisons, pills and
dialog: medications.
dialog: (looks at Kimberly)
dialog: You have a cell phone on you?
text: Kimberly nods, hands it over.
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN
dialog: Then I think we're all done.
text: They arrive at a door to a padded room. The Physician punches in
dialog: another code.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Wait. Is she...dangerous or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN
dialog: No honey, but she expects you are.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Jesus, how long are you going to
dialog: keep her locked up this way?
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN
dialog: Depends on her, I guess. She's
dialog: voluntary.
text: The door hisses open.
scene_heading: INT. CLEAR'S PADDED ROOM - CONTINUOUS
scene_heading: REVEAL CLEAR RIVERS
text: While still beautiful, this young woman bears few traces of her
text: former self. Her eyes dart around suspiciously, maddened by chronic
text: paranoia. Her hair is patchy, her eyes dark and haunted. Bordering on
text: savage. Her movements are fidgety, erratic, always distracted by
text: something unseen.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Clear Rivers?
text: Clear looks Kimberly up and down and steps back, allowing her inside
text: her inner sanctum. A mattress on the floor, a plastic bottle of
text: water, some paperbacks and a bedpan.
text: Kimberly's jaw drops when she sees the far wall: a SHRINE to flight
text: 180. The wall is papered with art icles about all the survivors (as
text: seen in the opening title montage).
text: The door SLAMS. Kimberly jumps.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Kimberly Burroughs, eh? What do
dialog: you want?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I thought...I thought you might be
dialog: able to help me.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (snicker)
dialog: Yeah, how?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I had a premonition about the Route
dialog: 18 pile up. .. I saved some people.
dialog: And now I think Death is after me.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Nice work. Maybe if you're real
dialog: lucky, you'll wind up in here with
dialog: me.
dialog: (gives Kimberly the once
dialog: over)
dialog: But I doubt you'll survive that
dialog: long.
text: Kimberly flinches.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: It's not just about me. Someone I
dialog: saved died last night in a freak
dialog: accident. What if the others are
dialog: in danger, too?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Well, if you put them on the list,
text: they're already tits up.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: What list?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Death's list. The precise order
dialog: you're going to die in.
text: Clear's eyes bore into a terrified Kimberly's.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: The survivors of Flight 180 died in
dialog: the exact order they were
dialog: originally meant to die in the
dialog: plane crash. That was Death's
dialog: original design.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (sudden realization)
dialog: Exact order? Then I'm next! I was
dialog: meant to die with my friends, so
dialog: I'm next!
text: Clear backs away from Kimberly as if she were lethal, then stops
dialog: short.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: But you said someone else died last
dialog: night. That means Death skipped
dialog: past you. Someone must have
dialog: intervened.
dialog: (off Kimberly's confusion)
dialog: Sometime yesterday you must have
dialog: nearly died, but someone saved you.
text: Kimberly nods, recalling the events.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Officer Burke pulled me away from
dialog: the crash that killed my friends.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Congratufuckinglations. That makes
dialog: you last to go. But don't worry,
dialog: once the others are dead, it'll
dialog: come back for you. Always does.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: That still doesn't make sense. You
dialog: said you die in the same order you
dialog: were originally meant to. But Evan
dialog: Shaeffer died last in my
dialog: premonition, not first.
text: Clear seems very disturbed by that.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: It's moving backwards? Are you
dialog: sure?
text: Kimberly reluctantly strains to remember something...
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
text: THE FINAL MOMENTS OF THE PILE UP
text: Nora's Pacer folds like an accordion, then EXPLODES, followed by Evan
text: screaming in the Trans Am, which gets CREAMED by the semi!
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
text: Kimberly, shaken, does the math.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Yes. In my premonition that Nora
dialog: woman and her kid died first, then
dialog: Evan and then...my friends.
text: Clear is oblivious when Kimberly breaks into silent sobs.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Backwards...that's new.
text: Clear sees Kimberly crying and softens.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: That's good. Get all your tears
dialog: out now, you'll need your eyes.
dialog: (off Kimberly's confusion)
dialog: For the signs.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Signs?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: If you have the same power as Alex,
dialog: you'll be seeing signs soon. When
dialog: you see anything creepy or ominous,
dialog: an in-your- face irony kinda thing?
dialog: Don't ignore it. It usually means
dialog: the difference between life and
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (to herself)
text: The songs on the radio.
dialog: (to Clear)
dialog: But wait. I don't understand. Why
dialog: is this even happening to me?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: That's what Alex used to ask
dialog: himself right up until...
text: For an instant, we see a gentle side of Clear.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: It's obvious you know what you're
dialog: talking about. You beat it. You
dialog: have to help us.
text: Clear suddenly toughens up, an abrupt mood shift.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: I didn't beat it; I hid from it.
dialog: If you were smart you'd put a down
dialog: payment on a burial plot and say
dialog: goodbye to the dog, because what
dialog: little life you have left is over
dialog: as you know it. Don't make new
dialog: friends, don't fall in love, and
dialog: don't ever bother trying to save
dialog: others. That's the worst killer of
dialog: them all.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: How can you say that? What kind of
dialog: monster are you?
text: At once, Clear, enraged, is in her face, speaking through clenched
dialog: teeth.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: My family is dead. My friends are
dialog: dead. And Alex...
text: Clear angrily peels a Polaroid off the wall and shows it to Kimberly.
text: While we don't see the photo, Kimberly's horrified face paints a
text: gruesome picture on its own.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: And yes, that's the blade of a
text: fucking ceiling fan in his head.
text: Clear pounds on the door, apparently done with Kimberly. A GUARD
text: opens the door. Kimberly, devastated, turns to leave, then summons
text: her courage and turns back to Clear.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Know what? I think you're a
dialog: coward. I think you hide out in
dialog: here because you're too damn bitter
dialog: and selfish to care about another
dialog: living soul. In my opinion, you're
text: already dead.
text: Kimberly leaves, giving Clear something to think about.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBERLY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: As Kimberly pulls into her driveway, she's surprised to see a STRANGE
dialog: CAR parked there. Then --
text: THOMAS, wearing street clothes, peers through the front window of the
text: house. He guiltily backs away as Kimberly gets out.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I tried calling last night but your
dialog: father --
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
text: Evan Shaeffer's dead.
text: Thoma s nods and leans against the large glass windows that reflect
text: the sky behind them.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I know. I've gotten calls all
dialog: morning from everyone who was on
dialog: the onramp. We're all meeting at
dialog: my apartment tonight.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Then you believe all this?? That
dialog: Death is working off a list?
text: Thomas hesitates before answering.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I didn't. Until I was dispatched
dialog: to clean up one of the Flight 180
dialog: survivors.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Clean up? I don't...
text: Suddenly through the reflection of the window glass, Kimberly sees
text: hundreds of pigeons dive bomb her at once!
text: Like a scene out of THE BIRDS, Kimberly must duck and cover as the
text: pigeons assault her from every angle.
text: But when Kimberly turns away from the reflection, toward the actual
text: pigeons, THEY'RE GONE. ALL IN HER HEAD.
speaker_heading: KI MBERLY
dialog: Did you see that??
text: Thomas, concerned for her, saw nothing.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Pigeons... It's a sign! If Clear's
dialog: right about the order, then Nora
dialog: and Tim are going to be attacke d by
dialog: Pigeons!
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I'm not following you --
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: They're next on the list. We have
dialog: to find them.
scene_heading: EXT. MEDICAL COMPLEX - DAY
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: Woman's N ike shoe on a down-moving escalator. Reveal Nora taking her
text: son Tim to a dentist's office. The SHOELACE snags on a bolt of one of
text: the steel side panels, untying it...
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: (mischievous smile)
dialog: You think the tooth fairy's gonna
dialog: come tonight? I'm thinkin' like
dialog: fifteen bucks.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Nice try, kiddo.
text: Tim smiles, then winces from the pain in his mouth.
text: THE DANGLING SHOELACE heads straight for the escalator grate. IT GETS
text: SWALLOWED UP. As Tim steps off, Nora TRIPS forward. Her caught
text: sneaker is pulled tighter into the innards of the metal staircase.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Mom!
text: Tim watches helplessly as Nora reaches down, tug ging at her sneaker,
text: fear mounting. Tim also grabs her sneaker and yanks. Finally, the
text: shoelace SNAPS, and Nora's free again.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: You okay?
text: Nora puts on a brave face and begins tying one long shoelace to the
dialog: stubby one.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Sure hon. I'm fine. Let's shake
dialog: it, we're late.
text: Tim nods. The wind picks up as they continue past a --
speaker_heading: CONSTRUCTION CREW
text: Who apply industrial suction cups to large, thick sheets of PLATED
speaker_heading: GLASS .
text: Tim stares in childlike fascination as they pass JACKHAMMERS, a
text: CEMENT MIXER, and an EXCAVATOR.
scene_heading: INT. CLEAR'S PADDED ROOM - DAY
text: Clear Rivers applies fun- tack to the back of a newspaper article and
text: sticks it on the wall devoted to Flight 180.
speaker_heading: REVEAL
text: A photo of Eva, "Lotto Winner Killed By Ladder".
text: Clear backs away, pausing to look at a group photo of the Survivors
text: of Flight 180 just before take off. Smiling faces.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Not so much.
text: Dr. Lees keeps a skeptical smile to himself.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The RECEPTIONIST appears next to the fallen fish food with a VACUUM.
text: She plugs it in an outlet below the fishtank.
text: A startling GRIND as the vacuum turns on and coughs up a nail. She
text: vacuums up the fish food around Nora's feet.
text: The DEAD FISH gets sucked into the water filter in the fishtank which
text: sputters and stops. The water level RISES, spilling water over the
text: side of the tank. The water TRICKLES closer to the outlet.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
text: Thomas drives his car into a friendly neighborhood. Kimberly, riding
text: shotgun, hangs up her cell phone.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
text: Turn around. The cleaning woman
dialog: said they're at the dentist's.
dialog: 14th and Main.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Hold on.
text: Thomas expertly skids into a U-turn.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tim looks petrified as Dr. Lees unveils a tray full of PICS, CARVERS
text: and EXTRACTING FORCEPS.
text: The KA-CHUNG of construction outside makes it im possible to
text: concentrate, but, hands trembling slightly, Dr. Lees picks up a pic
text: and mirror and starts examining Tim's mouth. CU of PIC gently
text: prodding Tim's teeth.
speaker_heading: DR. LEES (O.S.)
dialog: I'm a little disappointed, Tim.
dialog: Does your mom know you've been
dialog: smoking?
text: Tim groans "uh-uh", then suddenly flinches.
speaker_heading: DR. LEES (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, that'll have to be filled.
text: A BANG from the window startles Dr. Lees. His HAND JERKS, but luckily
text: the pic was removed from Tim's mouth.
text: Dr. Lees whips around in time to see a PIGEON flutter away from the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: DR. LEES
dialog: Jesus. Every day at the same damn
dialog: time. Now this'll only sting for a
dialog: moment.
text: Dr. Lees picks up a large SYRINGE and moves it toward Tim's open
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: DR. LEES
dialog: Open big. Wiiiiider...
text: Tim's eyes radiate fear. The MOUTH OPENS. Reluctantly. Tim nervously
text: eyes the window as the needle enters...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: NEEDLE heading toward his gumline --
text: BANG! Another pigeon takes a header into the reflection. Dr. Lees'
text: hand jerks, nearly jabbing Tim's tongue. Tim squirms violently. Dr.
text: Lees looks towards the window angrily.
speaker_heading: DR. LEES
dialog: How the hell do they expect me
dialog: to... Would you rather have the
dialog: laughing gas?
text: Tim nods his head ferociously.
speaker_heading: DR. LEES
dialog: Jean? I need you in here.
dialog: (waits)
dialog: Jean??!
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jean continues vacuuming. The vacuum makes contact with Nora's foot.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: After a minute, Dr. Lees angrily switches on two compressors: Oxygen
dialog: and Nitrous Oxide.
text: By now, the NO mask has been attached around Tim's nose. As Tim
text: drifts off, Dr. Lees lowers a DRILL into his mouth.
speaker_heading: DR. LEES
dialog: Open big. Wiiiiiider.
text: Excruciating SOUNDS of the drill going through enamel.
scene_heading: INTERCUT KIMBERLY AND THOMAS
text: Racing to the medical complex throughout.
scene_heading: THE WAITING ROOM
text: The WATER TRICKLES into the outlet. The vacuum sparks and dies just
dialog: as --
text: BACK IN DR. LEES' OFFICE
text: BANG! SFX: BROKEN GLASS - it sounds like a pigeon finally crashed
text: through the window. In the other room.
speaker_heading: DR. LEES
dialog: Goddamn it already.
text: Dr. Lees marches out of the room to investigate. Another quick
text: electrical surge and the OXYGEN COMPRESSOR flutters off. The needle
text: drops. But the NITROUS flow remains strong.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FISH MOBILE
text: Spinning from a new breeze. Suddenly, a small round PUFFER FISH FALLS
text: directly into Tim's mouth.
text: Soft, gurgling and choking.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Nora stares at a pigeon with a broken wing frantically trying to fly
text: right. Dr. Lees makes a half- hearted attempt to soothe and catch it.
text: BACK IN DR. LEES' OFFICE
text: SLOW DOLLY up to Tim. Choking, gurgling. His eyes are open, but
text: rolled up. His hand limply reaches up...then drops.
text: Sounds of commotion in the next room seem to fade away as we continue
text: our SLOW DOLLY into Tim's eyes.
text: They GLAZE OVER...the choking stops. And a HAND reaches into frame
text: and pulls the puffer fish out of Tim's mouth.
text: REVEAL JEAN looking petrified at the close call, looking around to
dialog: make sure nobody saw...
scene_heading: EXT. MEDICAL COMPLEX - LATER
text: Nora and Tim, feeling better now, walk past the CONSTRUCTION CREW. A
text: CRANE OPERATOR smiles at Tim, who smiles back.
text: From across the mall, the tiny running figures of Kimberly and Thomas
text: appear in the dis tance, pointing and screaming.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: What are they doing here? And why
dialog: are they yelling "pigeons"?
text: Just then, Tim and Nora walk into a large cluster of PIGEONS who
text: suddenly burst into flight, startling the Crane Operator, whose hand
text: inadvertently jerks a lever -
text: A METALLIC CHAIN RATTLE fills the air and Tim looks up just as a HUGE
text: SHEET OF GLASS PLUMMETS downward toward him and CRUSHES him, his
text: mangled body visible underneath.
text: As two pearly whites roll around on the sidewalk, NORA SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MEDICAL COMPLEX - LATER
text: Emergency vehicles everywhere. Thomas seems exhausted as he walks
text: back to Kimberly, who stands by his car. In the BG, EMTs load a
text: stretcher into an ambulance.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (shaking his head)
text: Nora's not coming. She refuses to
dialog: leave her son.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: We have to tell her she's in
dialog: danger!
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I did. And right now, I don't
dialog: think she cares.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBERLY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Thomas' car turns into the driveway and parks. Kimberly holds up her
text: hand and watches it tremble.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: It's happening again. It's fucking
dialog: happening again. I hoped we'd get
dialog: there and they'd be okay, that
dialog: Clear Rivers was full of shit and
dialog: Evan's death was just a freak
dialog: accident...
text: Thomas kills the engine to listen.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: But we're all going to die. We
dialog: can't stop it. It's just a matter
dialog: of time. I'm so scared.
text: Thomas takes her hand and squeeze s it reassuringly.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I am too. But you can use that
dialog: fear. It'll sharpen your
dialog: instincts. Keep you alert fro
dialog: signs. It's the only way you'll be
dialog: able to sav e the others...and me.
text: Kimberly, seeming overwhelmed, pulls her hand back. Thomas senses
text: he's losing her, and softens her approach.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I know you didn't ask for any of
dialog: this, Kimberly. But I don't think
dialog: you have it in you to quit either.
text: Kimberly stares straight ahead, the weight of the world sinking in.
text: BANG! A startling pound on the roof of Thomas' car.
text: Kimberly jumps, then spins around to see:
text: CLEAR RIVERS - standing in the driveway. A determined, powerful
text: presence. Kimberly exits the car. A MOMENT where Kimberly and Clear
text: stare each other down.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Clear/Thomas. Thomas/Clear.
text: Clear nods absently to Thomas, still focused on Kimberly.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (bitter)
text: The second one just dies. A 16
dialog: year old kid.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
text: (nods; a faint trace of
dialog: guilt)
dialog: I hope you're ready for this.
scene_heading: EXT. FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: Thomas' car pulls into a partially filled parking lot. Kimberly,
text: Thomas and Clear file out and head to the door.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: This is cheery.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Who is this guy, anyway?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
text: A mortician. He seemed to know a
dialog: hell of a lot more about death than
dialog: he ever told us.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Should we knock?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (looking ill)
dialog: He probably already knows we're
dialog: coming.
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Kimberly, Thomas and Clear open the large wooden doors into a small
text: chapel, creat ing a loud CREAK. A corpse in an open casket sits at the
text: front of the chapel, post -wake.
text: Kimberly, Thomas and Clear are forced to walk around the dead body to
text: get to a side door.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: The three slowly edge towards a room at the end of a creepy hallway.
text: An ORANGE GLOW flickers from the far room. The unmistakable sounds of
text: a furnace make it all the more eerie.
text: As they near the door, they're able to see inside the room; the
text: shadow of a figure looms against a steel oven.
text: They edge closer. They peek inside the --
scene_heading: INT. CREMATORIUM
text: Oddly there is no one there. As they enter, passing the furnace, a
text: momentary WHOOSH of flames startles them all!
text: They jump back - bumping right into:
text: MR. BLUDWORTH, the dark, sinister mortician from FD1, who has
text: inexplicably appear BEHIND THEM.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: Hello, Clear. I've been keeping an
dialog: eye out for you.
text: The mortician rolls a metal gurney carrying EVAN'S EYELESS BODY
text: toward the firing oven. Kimberly and Thomas are scared.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Oh my God. That's Evan Shaeffer.
text: Clear, however, seems to expect nothing less.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: Come to... Pick my brain?
text: The Mortician slides a gleaming set of medical pliers into Evan's
text: mouth. And YANKS out a gold tooth. Kimberly recoils as he discards
text: the bloody tooth on a metal tray.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: (to Kimberly)
dialog: Flesh and bone require 1,600
dialog: degrees for cremation. Gold,
dialog: prosthetics and other metals must
dialog: be removed before the final --
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (not falling for this
dialog: again)
dialog: Just a simple question and we'll
dialog: leave you alone with your new
dialog: friend.
text: The Mortician grins; he likes the new Clear. He crosses the room and
text: hits a LEVER. KA- CHUNK! The oven begins to blaze.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
text: Fire away.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: How do you cheat Death once and for
dialog: all?
text: The Mortician, recrossing the room, passes Kimberly and stoops down
text: to sniff, no INHALE, a terrified Kimberly's essence.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
text: Dead. But still fresh.
text: Kimberly shudders as the Mortician moves back to Evan's body. Clear
dialog: has had about enough.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (to the Mortician)
dialog: Look, we drove a long way to get
dialog: here. So if you happen to know how
dialog: to get this death monkey off our
dialog: backs, it sure would be swell if
dialog: you told us.
text: The Mortician now CLAMPS THE PLIERS around Evan's NIPPLE RING.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: For what purpose? You seek a back
text: way out of a room with but one
dialog: door. You can't cheat Death; there
text: are no escapes.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Bullshit. You told me Death has a
text: distinct design, a blueprint,
dialog: unalterable. But Alex and I
dialog: cheated Death not once, but dozens
dialog: of times. If the design is flawed,
dialog: it can be beaten.
text: A sick smile crosses the Mortician's lips. He yanks the nipple ring
text: OFF! Kimberly looks on both horrified and awed when Clear doesn't
text: flinch back from the pliers, where a bloody nub dangles.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: Such fire in you now. People are
dialog: always most alive just before they
dialog: die. Don't you think?
text: Clear steps back from him, hate flashing in her eyes.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: It can be beaten. And you know it.
text: CREEEAAAK -SLAM! The Mortician rolls Evan's body into the oven.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: Some say that there is a balance to
dialog: everything. An equilibrium that is
dialog: the connective tissue of the
dialog: universe. They say that for every
dialog: lif e there is a death, and for
dialog: every death a life...
text: His words hang in the air. An ominous BREEZE enters.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: Solus novus anima licet evinco
dialog: mortis; Only new life can defeat
dialog: death.
dialog: (off their confusion)
dialog: The list of life is forever set by
dialog: the Divine Plan, the guiding hand
dialog: that plots the course of the
dialog: universe, down to its tiniest
dialog: element s.
text: Thomas looks to Clear; what's he talking about? The Mortician focuses
text: on Kimberly as if the others had ceased to exist.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: The list accounts for every life;
dialog: from the dawn of man to the great
dialog: apocalypse. But the introduction
dialog: of life that was not meant to be, a
dialog: soul forbidden to roam the earth,
dialog: that could invalidate Death's list,
text: shatter its very existence.
text: Evan's other eye POPS , startling Thomas and Kimberly.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What the hell does that mean?
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: (with finality)
dialog: To figure that out you'll have to
dialog: follow the sign s.
text: The Mortician grabs Kimberly.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
dialog: But be warned. To disrupt the
text: grand design is to unravel the
dialog: tapestry of the universe. When you
dialog: pull all the threads apart, you may
dialog: find yourself hanging from them.
text: The Mortician finally lets Kimberly go.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: One last question. Why is Death
dialog: working backwards this time?
text: The Mortician glances at his watch - Evan's bran d new Rolex.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN
text: (shakes head; a sick
dialog: smile)
dialog: Sorry, time's up.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - GAS DRIPPING
text: From the nozzle in Thomas' car. Thomas fills the tank, watching for
text: signs of danger. Clear's hand is poised over the gas pumps' EMERGENCY
speaker_heading: CUT-OFF VALVE
text: Some SKATE RATS exit the mini -mart with a pack of Camels, followed by
text: Kimberly, who carries a couple of Red Bulls and hands them out.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: New life defeats death? Follow the
dialog: signs? Where the hell did you find
dialog: that guy?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Yeah, I thought he was supposed to
dialog: be helpful.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: He was. If we can use your ability
dialog: to see the signs, we can cheat
dialog: Death long enough to figure out
dialog: what "new life" means.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: I know, it worries me that I
dialog: understand him.
text: Thomas tops off the tank. Some gas spills to the ground. Quick looks
text: all around -- sure enough, one of the Skate Rats is about to strike a
dialog: match.
text: CLEAR'S HAND SLAPS the kid in the back of the head, stopping him mid -
dialog: motion.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: What the fuck are you thinking?
text: The startled Skate Rat shrinks back from Clear's rage.
speaker_heading: SKATE RAT
dialog: I'm thinkin', suck my junk, bee
dialog: yatch.
text: Thomas chuckles to himself and looks at Kimberly who --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY
text: POV DRIVER. Grease-covered female hands reach out toward a steering
text: wheel of a white van speeding out of control TOWARD A LAKE!
text: The van crashes through a railing and PLUNGES into the water. In
text: moments, the van fills with water, the driver inside trapped.
text: Drowning. Horrible.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION - DAY
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
text: Comes to Thomas' arms - GASPING uncontrollably for breath. Terror-
text: stricken. She begins hyperventilating.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What is it? What did you see?
text: It's so bad, Kimberly can't speak. She coughs and gags as if recently
text: drowned. Clear scans the perimeter for immediate dangers.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS:
scene_heading: A POWER REPAIRMAN
text: On a cherry picker messes with the transformer, a LAWN BOY pull-
text: starts a WEED WHACKER close to broken glass, a MECHANIC on a tall
text: ladder changes out the gas price numbers, a female DOG WALKER with
text: three dogs approaches the ladder.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: You have to tell us now.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I...I...
text: Clear shakes her head by the shoulders and barks commands like an
text: angry drill sergeant.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: You're strong. Do you hear me?
dialog: You're a fucking warrior. Nothing
dialog: scares you. In fact you happen to
dialog: be the single most powerful woman
dialog: on earth. Now what did you see?
text: The words slowly take affect. Kimberly becomes centered, getting her
text: breath back, and speaks without a hitch.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I was driving a white van. It
dialog: must've gone out of control because
dialog: it crashed into a lake and I
dialog: drowned. It was...horrible.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: You were there?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I can practically taste the water
text: in my throat. And something else.
dialog: The smell of flowers...
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Then it wasn't just a sign. It was
dialog: a premonition?
text: Thomas gently releases her, paces.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Remember the onramp? There was a
text: pregnant woman in a white delivery
dialog: van.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Holy shit. He said "only new life
dialog: can defeat death."
dialog: (off looks)
text: If she gives birth to a baby that
dialog: was never meant to be born, a brand
dialog: new soul that was never part of
dialog: Death's Design...
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: It throws the entire Death list out
dialog: of whack. And a new list has to be
dialog: rewritten f rom scratch. We all
text: start over with a clean slate.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: It sounds all well and good, but
dialog: what if we're wrong?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Please, what else could it mean?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (to Thomas)
dialog: So if you give us the pregnant
dialog: lady's number, we can warn her
dialog: about the lake and she'll live long
dialog: enough to have the baby.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: So let's do it.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (realization)
dialog: Shit, I don't have her number. She
dialog: was never interviewed. She took
text: off right after the accident.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: How are we going to find her?
dialog: There must be thousands of white
dialog: vans in this state.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Hey, I'm a police officer,
dialog: remember?
scene_heading: INT. A/V ROOM - POLICE STATION - LATER
text: Thomas works a VCR, scanning BACKWARDS through the video footage from
text: the patrol car camera. We see the SUV's explosive collision with the
text: jack- knifed semi. Kimberly is taken by surprise by the sight of the
dialog: crash.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Oh God...
text: Thomas sees Kimberly and quickly flicks off the monitor.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I, uh...sorry.
text: Kimberly notices Clear watching her and toughens up. She forces back
text: the tears and qui ckly wipes the rest away.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I know, I know. We need my eyes.
text: Clear sits beside Kimberly.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: It's all right. I'll take watch.
text: Kimberly looks grateful, and a moment passes between them, but she's
dialog: already buried the need to cry.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I'm okay. Just caught me by
dialog: surprise. Put it back on.
text: Clear does, watching the cars seemingly pass in reverse.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Make sure all these people will be
dialog: at the meeting tonight.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Taken care of.
speaker_heading: THE MONITOR
text: Back, back, back until the Patrol Car slowly creeps backwards down
dialog: the onramp.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: There it is.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Got it.
text: Thomas hits play and we see footage from the patrol car cruising past
text: the White Van. A clean shot of the license plate. Jackpot.
text: As Thomas slides his chair to a data base and types in the plate
text: number, the pause function dislodges, slowly advancing the tape frame
dialog: by frame.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: I don't get it. Why is everything
dialog: happening so fast? After Flight
dialog: 180. A month went by before anyone
text: died. And now five people are dead
dialog: in less than a day.
text: Thomas' computer screen finally fills with information.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Here we go. The vehicle's a
dialog: delivery van registered to Jorge
dialog: and Isabella Cruz. And Christ,
dialog: there's almost a dozen domestic
dialog: disturbance complaints on these
dialog: two.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: We need to hurry.
text: They all get up and leave.
text: Ominously, THE MONITOR shows the NEXT VEHICLE creeping behind Nora's
dialog: Pacer - a white van!
scene_heading: INT. CRUZ HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Thomas pulls up to an upper-middle class house. Thomas, Kimberly and
text: Clear get out and start up the unlit path. It's dark, hard to see
text: where they're going, so they negotiate by feeling the bushes aligning
dialog: the walkway.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Let's lay this on her gently now.
dialog: The stress alone could upset the
dialog: pregnancy.
text: Kimberly nods, ever creeping closer to the front door -- when
text: AUTOMATIC LIGHTS FLASH from over the garage.
text: All three freeze for a moment, during which we hear STOMPING emanate
text: from within the house, and the lights SHUT OFF.
text: But nothing else happens. No one comes to a door. Thomas sighs, and
text: as if suddenly remembering his status, he walks fearlessly and
text: purposefully to the front door.
text: He makes a fist, is about to knock - when the DOOR FLINGS OPEN and a
text: ROTTWEILER LUNGES for his throat - only to have its collar snagged at
dialog: the last second by its owner -
text: JORGE CRUZ, late 30's, handsome, cocky. He speaks above Rotty's
speaker_heading: BARKING:
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I'm Officer Burke. I'm looking for
dialog: an Isabella Cruz.
text: Suddenly, with an unexpected fury, Jorge SCREAMS at his dog.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Shut up!!!
text: The Rottweiler cowers, and Jorge shoves it to the floor, where it
text: lands on its feet and fearfully trots away. Jorge's face is once
text: again pleasant, but it's a thin veneer.
text: Jorge sees Clear and Kimberly behind Thomas and frowns.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Are you Jorge Cruz?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Maybe. What's this about?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: May we come in?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: No. What's this about?
text: ANGLE ON CLEAR - eyeing what appears to be DROPS OF BLOOD on the tile
text: floor. She takes in what she can see of --
speaker_heading: THE ROOM
text: As if a tornado had hit it. Wedding photos smashed and torn.
text: Furniture over-turned.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (a little stern)
dialog: It's about your wife, Isabella.
dialog: Now is she here?
text: Jorge's eyes flicker ever -so- involuntarily behind him.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: No. I'm alone.
text: But by now, Thomas has seen everything Clear has and more. He stares
text: through the house, into a bedroom and sees -
text: A FEMALE FOOT lying half0buried under the bedspr ead.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Look, pal, it's probably nothing.
dialog: But I need to see --
text: Jorge is already closing the door.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Forget it. You'll need a warrant.
dialog: I know, I'm a lawyer.
text: Clear rushes the door, shoulders it and expertly wriggles past
text: Jorge's grasp.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Stop!!! You can't go in there!!!
text: Clear tears into the bedroom, grabs the bedspread and THROWS it to
text: the floor to reveal a YOUNG WOMAN, naked, trembling with fear, takes
text: a closer look at Clear.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: We never meant to hurt you
dialog: Isa...You're not Isabella!
text: Meanwhile, Jorge yells at Thomas.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I'm going to sue your ass!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Whose blood is that on the floor?
text: Defensively, Jorge holds up his arm. Freshly cut.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Mine, you idiot. The dog went nuts
dialog: this afternoon. Now arrest her!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Where's Isabella? Did you finally
dialog: kill her you fucking wife beater?
text: Jorge flinches. It's time to come clean.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: We had a fight. Some things got
dialog: broken, the dog went crazy, she
dialog: left me. Wouldn't say where she
dialog: was going.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What was the fight about?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Take a guess.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Does she have a cell phone? A way
dialog: we can contact her?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: She did.
text: He eyes a SHATTERED CELL PHONE on the floor.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: We're wasting time with this piece
dialog: of shit. Let's just get to the
dialog: meeting.
text: Jorge turns to soothe the frightened Young Woman in the bed.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Hey, when you find her, tell her
dialog: the kid's half mine.
text: Clear mutters something as they exit the house.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: We can only pray it doesn't come
text: out retarded.
text: Jorge hisses something at the Rotty, which CHARGES them and SPRINGS!
text: But Thomas slams the door on the frothing dog just in time.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THOMAS' APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Rory sits in his Chevette outside an apartment building, staring up
text: at the address. He quickly snorts some powder off his key and wipes
text: his nostrils free of crystals. He takes a breath and exits the car.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Rory follows some PEOPLE into the elevator. The elevator doors close
text: on his shoe -- trapping Rory in an awkward position.
text: One MAN frantically pushes the DOORS OPEN button to no avail.
text: Finally, as the elevator rises, Rory YANKS his foot free.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Jesus Christ. I wrote to
dialog: management two weeks ago about
dialog: these friggin' bumpers.
text: Rory bends down and inspects his shoe.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Damn, is that dogshit?
text: Rory briefly holds the shoe too close to the Man's face - see? -
text: before disgustedly slipping it back on.
text: DING. The doors open. The man hurries out and the elevator DOORS
text: CLOSE on Rory's smirking face.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' APARTMENT - LATER
text: REVEAL - Nora, Rory, and Kat, mortified, sit on a couch. It's obvious
text: the bomb's been dropped, reality has set in. Clear and Kimberly await
text: their reactions. Nora raises a trembling hand.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Does anybody have a Valium?
text: Kat opens her purse and hands her a blue pill.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You'll want to take --
text: Nora pops it in her mouth.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: -- half of that.
text: Nora chews, her eyes half dead from bereavement. Across the loft,
text: Thomas paces, phone in hand.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (quietly, into phone)
dialog: Any word yet on the Dodge van?
dialog: Damn.
text: Eugene alone seems unafraid. He uses a GRABBER - a long pole with
text: movable claw on the end - to OPEN THE SKYLIGHT. When done, he
text: balances the long pole precariously against the wall.
text: An OMINOUS BREEZE enters. Clear notices MAGAZINE PAGES blowing over
text: the desk by the couch.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: So that would mean... I'm next.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Nobody's next. This is crazy.
dialog: First death's stalking us and now
dialog: premonitions?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: This can't be happening. My
dialog: career's at a peak, I finally met a
dialog: cute guy, I just bought a new
dialog: house...
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Just shut the fuck up and maybe
dialog: you'll live.
text: Kat's hands ball into fists. The hatred is mutual. Clear reaches for
text: a nearby cardboard box on the desk, noticing MAGAZINE PAGES blowing
text: over until their weight tips over a PENCIL HOLDER which spills pens
text: out. She takes the box to Nora.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: You're not next, Nora. Nobody has
dialog: to be next. That's the point.
dialog: Last time, we didn't plan. We
dialog: weren't organized. Now we can help
dialog: each other.
text: She reaches into the box and passes out cell phones to Nora and the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Think what would have happened if
dialog: Kimberly had been able to warn you
dialog: with the word pigeons...
text: Nora's head falls. Kimberly senses her anguish and takes over.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: The point is, as long as you know
dialog: what to beware of, you have a
dialog: fighting chance. It can be beaten.
dialog: If I call you and say subway, get
text: to a high rise fast. A place where
dialog: no subway could possibly go, get
dialog: it?
text: Everyone nods in understanding. Rory fidgets, sniffling, then POUNDS
text: the table in frustration. Startling Kat.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Why the hell did I ever get on
dialog: Route 18 in the first place?
dialog: That's me, Mr. Dumb Fucking Luck.
text: Clear, very alert, looks at the tipped PENCIL HOLDER. PENS ROLL
text: toward the end of the desk, toward a large White Pages directory
text: which hangs precariously off the edge just so.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Anyone read today's paper? The
dialog: article on Evan Shaeffer?
text: No one says a word.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: The only reason he was on Route 18
dialog: was because he own the lottery and
dialog: had to collect the winnings.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: That lucky bastard.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: What about the rest of you?
dialog: Kimberly, you were driving to
dialog: Daytona. Was Route 18 your first
dialog: choice?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: The new freeway was faster, but
dialog: Route 18 was the way my mom used to
dialog: take, so...
text: They take turns going around the room.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
text: Route 18 is Drake's assignment, but
dialog: he called in sick so I got...
dialog: (blanches)
dialog: Drake's never sick.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I was my first day of jury duty.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Jury duty? That's randomly
dialog: selected by social security
dialog: numbers.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Random, sure.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: What, you think Death planned for
dialog: each of us to die in the pile up
dialog: weeks ago? You're nuts.
text: Clear fumes. Rory looks ill and reaches into his wallet.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Last July I dialed a wrong number
dialog: and got a radio station by
dialog: accident. They asked me what
dialog: number means "good luck" in Jewish.
speaker_heading: KAT
text: Eighteen. And it's "Hebrew".
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Anyway, I guessed it right and won
dialog: these.
text: Rory holds up two Yankee tickets.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: The best way to get to Yankee
dialog: Stadium is Route 18.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I don't know what's weirder, the
dialog: dialing a wrong number part or that
dialog: Death would set you up nine months
dialog: in advance.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (realization)
dialog: Whoa, nine months?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
scene_heading: INT. CHEAP MOTEL - NIGHT
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ISABELLA'S PREGNANT BELLY.
text: REVEAL she's lying down, binging on take- out food, while speaking on
text: the motel phone. A disturbing metallic SQUEAK SCRAPE -SQUEAK can be
text: heard, nearly drowning out the SCREAMING COUPLE next door.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Yes, I'd like to report a domestic
dialog: squabble - my name? Isabella Cruz
dialog: why, does it matter? I'm at the
dialog: Super 8 motel. Yes, I own a white
dialog: van. So what? Just get over here.
text: Isabella hangs up, recoiling at VIOLENT THUMPS against her wall. PULL
text: BACK AND UP TO REVEAL the source of the unsettling SQUEAK is a
text: rickety, wobbling CEILING FAN.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Kimberly whispers into the phone.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I'm sorry, Dad, we're having a hard
dialog: time with Shaina's eulogy. I'll
dialog: stay here at Virginia's tonight and
dialog: see you tomorrow. I love you too.
text: She hangs up, looking guilty for having lied to her father. Clear
text: keeps her eyes on the pens that ROLL on the slightly canted table
text: into the about-to -fall White Pages directory.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Remember everyone, just because
dialog: Kimberly's got the power doesn't
dialog: mean we're not all capable of
text: seeing signs to some extent.
text: The pens softly tap the phone book one by one until it lazily tips
text: over and PLOPS HEAVILY onto a GOOSE-DOWN THROW PILLOW.
text: Small feathers from the pillow are carried upwards by the breeze.
text: Everyone in the room watches them rise.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: It's like Forrest Gump.
text: They float across the room, ultimately landing on a MOUSETRAP! SNAP!
text: The trap flies over and knocks into the base of the unstable Grabber
text: - which tips and slowly slides down the wall.
text: Clear, in a chair, looks directly above her head at a LARGE SWORDFISH
text: mounted on the wall.
text: The Grabber picks up speed, arcs downward and hits the mounted
text: SWORDFISH. The supporting brackets give, causing the SWORDFISH TO TIP
dialog: and SLIDE DOWNWARD!
text: Clear lurches back in her chair just in time - the razor sharp bill
text: impales the seat cushion between her legs!
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Fuck. Should have seen that
dialog: coming. The institution's made me
dialog: soft.
text: Clear gets up, carefully easing herself around the swordfish. Eugene
text: isn't quite sure what to make of what he's just seen.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: If Death has got such a hard-on for
dialog: you, maybe you should get the hell
dialog: away from us.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: We need her. She's the only one
dialog: who's dealt with this before,
dialog: idiot!
text: Kimberly looks self-conscious by her outburst. Clear, however, looks
dialog: grateful.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: We're all going to have to open our
dialog: eyes from now on. Look out for
text: each other. Sleep in shifts.
dialog: (looks around apartment)
dialog: And we've got to safeproof this
dialog: deathtrap.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - SAFEPROOFING THE APARTMENT
text: Everyone but Nora and Eugene helps unplug appliances, put out the
text: fire, take down hanging objects, switch off the gas, put sharp
text: objects away, affix padding to chart corners...
text: Kat, placing poisonous cleansers and flammable liquids in a box,
text: nervously pulls out a pack of smokes. Thomas watches as he takes a
text: hanging mirror off the wall.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Screw this. I'm going outside for
text: a smoke.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: You think you should? It's not
dialog: safe out there.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: So? Nora's gotta bite it before me
dialog: anyway, right?
text: Kat steps towards the front door, then remembers the cell phone and
text: grabs it just in case. Thomas smiles 'good job' at her.
text: Kimberly, unscrewing the light bulb, looks up when Nora rises from
text: the couch in a stupor and struggles to put on her jacket. Kimberly
text: looks concerned.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Where are you going, Nora? You
dialog: okay?
text: Nora fights the sleeve, dazed and defeated.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Four years ago my husband died.
dialog: Now Tim. There's nothing left for
dialog: me.
text: Kimberly stops pouring liquor down the drain.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Don't say that. Once you lose
dialog: hope, it's already too late.
text: Eugene snickers. Nora looks up, anger surfacing.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: If it's my time to go, to be in
dialog: heaven with my family, then I can
dialog: accept that.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: You can't give up. Don't accept
dialog: Death's plan. Trust me, you can
dialog: fight this. If we can just survive
dialog: long enough until that baby is
dialog: born, we can --
text: Nora looks more resolute than ever.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: If you'll excuse me, I have a
dialog: funeral to prepare.
text: Everyone looks crushed when Nora heads for the door. Except Eugene,
text: who stands up as well.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Yeah, why am I listening to a girl
dialog: who just got out of the nut house?
text: As Eugene heads out, Kimberly becomes enraged and grabs him.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Seeing you die once was enough for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Whatever. I control my life, not
dialog: fate.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: I'll be sure to put that on your
dialog: tombstone.
text: Rory presses a cell phone into Eugene's hand on his way out.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Be careful. And even if you don't
dialog: believe, give this to Nora.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Eugene pushes the elevator button a thousand times. Nora nervously
text: ties her long hair back in a single braid.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: The nervous group finishes safe-proofing the apartment.
text: RORY, standing on the couch, pulls a POLICE ACADEMY DIPLOMA off the
text: wall - and slips - stumbling BACKWARDS into the closet.
text: Staggering, he accidentally knocks some COAT HANGARS and a VOLLEYBALL
text: TROPHY from the high shelf to the floor.
text: Thomas whips around and sees that Rory's not hurt. He then lowers his
dialog: gaze and sees --
text: The figurine of a VOLLEYBALL TROPHY is framed by a tangled jumble of
text: wire COAT HANGARS. Suddenly, STREETLIGHT FLICKERS ON for the evening.
text: Oddly, it only illuminates the Trophy/Hangar array.
text: From Rory's vantage point, it looks like a surreal sculpture of a man
text: with hooks emanating from his body. The sodium vapor lamp casts an
text: OMINOUS GLOW around the image.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: ...man with hooks. I see a man
dialog: with hooks. Someone?!?!
text: The others look over, trying to see what he does.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: I kinda see it, yeah. So...Nora's
text: going to be killed by a man with
dialog: hooks?
text: Kimberly and Clear stare at the volleyball trophy - the street lamp
text: ominously FLICKERS OUT AND DIES.
text: Everyone looks around for a hesitant beat, then Thomas picks up his
text: cell phone. Clear first walks, then RUNS out the door.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: The elevator finally comes. Eugene and Nora get inside, standing in
text: front of a gaunt looking man holding a cardboard box full of
scene_heading: PROSTHETIC LIMBS.
text: MUZAK plays AC/DC's HIGHWAY TO HELL.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Going down, right?
text: The Gaunt Man says nothing. The DOORS CLOSE.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Eugene stares blankly at the CONCAVE MIRROR in the upper corner. He's
text: disturbed by the WARPED REFLECTION OF:
text: THE GAUNT MAN leans closer to Nora's hair and as the doors finally
text: close, he leans over and SMELLS it. Creepy.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Um, by the way, your shoe's untied.
text: Nora bends down to tie her shoelace (the one that snapped). She tries
text: tying the long dangling shoelace to the stubby one as Eugene's cell
text: phone VIBRATES in his hand. Startled, he drops it to the floor. Then
text: looks embarrassed.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Probably for you, anyway.
text: Nora picks it up. STATIC CRACKLES. It's hard to make out Thomas'
text: yelling.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Officer Burke? I can't hear...
text: A beat of confusion, then she slowly turns to see the clawed hooks
text: and hands of the Prosthetic limbs. Terror. She freezes.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: What is it? What's wrong?
text: But Nora's too frightened to speak. Eugene grabs the phone, hearing
text: unintelligible STATIC.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT CLEAR
text: As she frantically hits the elevator button. When it fails to come,
text: she runs downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Nora slowly rises to her feet, feverishly mouthing a prayer... As the
text: door opens, Nora rushes out - unseen to her, her long braid gets
text: snagged on one of the PROSTHETIC HOOKS, YANKING her backwards.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Let me go let me go!
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Oh, watch it, you've caught your
dialog: uh...
text: The Guant Man's sweet voice and demeanor are a clear contrast to his
dialog: outward appearance.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Goodness gracious, darling, let me
dialog: help you with...
text: Nora panic,s as Eugene and the Man try to untangle her braid. Nora
text: desperately spins her body around, sticking her head back inside the
dialog: elevator.
text: Kat appears in the lobby, smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You alright, Nora?
text: The elevator DOORS begin to close, and CLAMP around Nora's neck, her
text: head inside, body outside the elevator.
text: Eugene pounds on the BUMPERS, but they don't seem to work!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: My God, someone please let me out
dialog: of this --
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
text: The UP BUTTON is lit. Clear rushes to the lobby.
dialog: The Elevator RISES!
text: INSIDE THE ELEVATOR, Eugene watches Nora's head drop to floor level -
text: then he pounds the Emergency Button - which SHORTS OUT!
text: Nora's body lifts upwards from the force of the elevator floor!
text: Nora's screams of terror and agony fill the air as the elevator
text: repeatedly LURCHES UPWARDS.
text: Kat gasps in horror to see this poor woman suspended above the floor.
text: It lurches. And lurches. And lurches. The horror never ends.
text: Clear comes from the stairwell and is shocked by the sight. She runs
text: to the elevator doors, trying to pry them apart to no avail.
text: All Kat can do, crying, is grab hold of Nora's flailing legs and try
text: to pull her back down.
text: The elevator lurches a final time. NORA'S HEADLESS BODY fall down
text: into Kat's arms, knocking her to the floor. Kat freaks, skittering
text: away as the body convulses.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ELEVATOR
text: Eugene balls his hands to his mouth in undeniable fear. A
text: bloodcurdling moan escapes him. He stares transfixed as Nora's head,
text: still aghast in terror, rolls around the floor.
text: The sight clearly sends Eugene over the edge. He SCREAMS, CLAWS AND
text: POUNDS, desperate to escape the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Eugene suddenly bursts through the door, babbling incoherently.
text: Kimberly, Thomas and Rory look on, bewildered.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: ...no escapes my ass. I control my
dialog: fate. I die on my terms, hear me
dialog: Reaper cockscuker?!
text: Eugene's in another world. He approaches Thomas and lunges for his
text: GUN - yanking it from the holster!
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What the hell are you...?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Ain't going out like that. On my
dialog: terms!
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Just take it easy!
text: A twisted insane smile comes to Eugene's face as he jams the
text: gunbarrel to his temple. The others shrink back in terror.
text: He PULLS THE TRIGGER. CLICK! Eugene tries again. CLICK!
text: Thomas looks stunned as Eugene goes through every round, CLICK CLICK
scene_heading: CLICK CLICK CLICK CLI CK...
text: Kimberly breaths a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: You don't keep it loaded?
text: Thomas' eyes disagree. He reaches in and GRABS the gun away from
text: Eugene, who stands there trembling. Thomas cracks open the cylinder.
dialog: Loaded.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Maybe they were all duds.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Six in a row? Never. Impossible.
dialog: That's like
dialog: (sinking realization)
dialog: ...winning the lottery.
speaker_heading: CLEAR (O.S.)
dialog: It wasn't his turn to die.
text: Everyone turns to see Clear and Kat, standing in the doorway,
text: DRENCHED IN BLOOD. Kat trembles uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Can we find the pregnant woman,
dialog: please?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' APARTMENT - DAWN
text: Flashing lights from rescue vehicles illuminate the living room. In
text: the newly conformed safe house, Kat and Clear relax as best they can
text: in Thomas' dry clothes.
text: Thomas makes another phone call. In the corner, Eugene shivers to
text: himself. Desperately looking for signs of danger. He looks over to
dialog: Clear.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Um, Clear? I'm sorry...about
dialog: before. I...
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Your entire world view just went
dialog: out the window. I couldn't expect
dialog: a religious conversation overnight.
dialog: We'll get through this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I promise.
text: Eugene looks immensely relieved. Rory ambles over to Kimberly, his
dialog: typical callousness gone.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Can I ask you a question?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: When I die. Is it gonna hurt?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I...I don't know.
text: Rory nods. He expected as much. He fishes his LICENSE and KEYS out of
text: his pocket.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: And you're gonna die after me,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: (re: keys and license)
dialog: Would you take these? And if I
dialog: die...
dialog: (tears well up)
dialog: Could you throw all my drugs out?
dialog: Paraphernalia, porno, you know...
dialog: Anything that would break my mom's
dialog: heart.
text: Kimberly looks deeply into his eyes, looking for the punchline. When
text: she doesn't see one, she nods tenderly and takes the keys.
text: The PHONE RINGS. Rory jumps at the sound, paranoid eyes in scan mode.
text: Thomas answers, speaks softly, hangs up.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: A one very pissed off Ms. Isabella
text: Cruz is being detained up in
dialog: Greenwood. Let's finish this
dialog: thing.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROADS - DAY
text: Kat's Ford Expedition winds its way through rural New York.
text: A SPORTS CAR speeds past on the left, then as it pulls in front of
text: the Exped ition, its slipstream sucks over some debris from the
text: shoulder; a thin metal piece of trim, which bounces in front of Kat's
text: Expedition's left front tire.
text: CU KAT'S WHEEL WELL -- the metal trim is shot upward into the wheel
text: well, where it lodges firmly, its sharp metal edge GRINDING AGAINST
text: THE RUBBER.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
text: Kat drives, Thomas reading directions in the shotgun seat. Kimberly,
text: Eugene and Rory ride in back. In the CARGO area, Clear scans out the
text: rear window for danger.
text: Rory fidgets.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Is this safe, guys? I mean,
dialog: someone in this car is about to get
dialog: whacked. Do the rest of us really
dialog: feel like sitting next to him?
dialog: (off Kat's glare)
dialog: Or her. Hopefully her.
text: An uncomfortable beat.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Guys, let's not panic. Isabella's
dialog: safe.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: You said she was going to drive
dialog: into a lake. How can she when
dialog: she's in protective custody?
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S STATION - DAY
text: Isabella, pissed, is in a holding tank. Small town deputy STEVE
text: ADAMS, 30's, CLEANS HIS GUN in her direction.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: What do you mean "grand theft
dialog: auto?" This is insane.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hopefully the district judge can
dialog: straighten it all out by Monday
dialog: mor ning.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (figures it out)
dialog: Jorge. When I get out of here I'm
text: going to sue his cheating ass off.
text: As she fumes, a rivulet of WATER streaks down her leg.
speaker_heading: IS ABELLA
dialog: Oh my God.
text: Steve, at first confused, sees the water and gasps.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Are you kidding me?! Oh, man.
text: He rushes across the room, pulls a lever, unlocking the cell.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: C'mon. Let's go.
text: As Steve throws on his jacket, we reveal its prominent emblem:
scene_heading: GREENWOOD LAKE SHERIFF DEPARTMENT.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF'S STATION - MOMENTS LATER
text: Small town station. Only one patrol car. In the patrol car, Isabella
text: buckles up in the sho tgun seat, the belt stretched tightly across her
dialog: belly.
text: Deputy Steve tries the ignition, but the car won't start.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Damn, they always stick me with the
text: clunker.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Take my van!
scene_heading: EXT. WESTCHESTER COUNTY - DAY
text: KAT'S EXPEDITION speeds through a yellow light and continues on.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON EXPEDITION'S LEFT TIRE
text: Metal sheers away more rubber.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE EXPEDITION
text: Rory, antsy, rubbing his nostrils, stares at two Yankee tickets.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Here's what I don't get. For nine
dialog: months, Death does all this shit to
dialog: make sure I win these tickets and
dialog: end up on Route 18 at exactly the
dialog: right time for the pile up...
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: But why single me out? What am I
dialog: in the great scheme of things?
dialog: You'd think I stepped off Flight
dialog: 180 or something... Fucking weird,
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: You want weird? Last year, my
dialog: partner and I were heading out for
text: the graveyard shift. A call comes
dialog: in about a train wreck and Frank
dialog: decides to let me handle it alone.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Frank died that night in a
dialog: shootout. I'd be dead too if that
dialog: call had come in just ten seconds
dialog: later.
text: Everyone nods in that 'life's weird' reverence kind of way.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I got that beat. So like, last
dialog: May, I was supposed to stay at this
text: cheesy bed and breakfast in
dialog: Pennsylvania. There was a major
dialog: gas leak no one knew about and all
dialog: the guests suffocated during the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Yeah, so what happened?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I never mad it. The Greyhound bus
dialog: I was on splattered some chick all
dialog: over the road and we had to stop.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Was that in Mt. Abraham?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yeah. How did you know?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (sinking realization)
dialog: That bus you were on? It killed
dialog: Terry Mathers. She was supposed to
dialog: die on Flight 180.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I'm not sure I--
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Shit. The call about the train
dialog: wreck that saved my life? That was
dialog: the night I scraped up Billy
dialog: Hitchcock.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
text: Another kid from Flight 180.
text: A chill passes over the group.
scene_heading: INT. WINDING ROADS - DAY
text: Deputy Steve speeds the White Van up the narrow winding road.
text: Isabella breathes Lamaze- style through intense pain.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Promise me...I won't have the
dialog: baby...in this van.
text: Speeding up the incline, Steve tries to speed around a Volkswagon
text: Beetle, but cars scream by in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Get around it!!!
text: Steve leans on the horn and stomps the gas, dangerously riding the
text: shoulder around the Beetle.
text: Way ahead of the Beetle, on the left side, is a LAKE.
scene_heading: EXT. WINDING ROADS
text: BRIAN GIBBONS, 15, cheerfully drives a TRACTOR hauling a WHOODCHIPPER
text: across the high crest of the empty road toward a pile of thick
dialog: branches.
text: The Tractor unexpectedly stalls in the middle of the road. He tries
text: the ignition, pumps the gas. Nothing...
text: Only by standing on the tractor can Brian see the White Van speeding
text: up the hill toward him. He jumps down and frantically tires starting
text: the tractor. Once, twice, nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. KAT'S EXPEDITION - CONTINUOUS
text: CU FRONT TIRE - METAL shreds away more rubber.
scene_heading: INT. KAT'S EXPEDITION - CONTINUOUS
text: Rory excitedly makes a connection.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Remember the theater in Paris that
dialog: collapsed last year, killed
dialog: everyone inside?
text: Everyone nods, anticipating...
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: I had tickets to go, but one day
dialog: I'm in Paris, trippin' on acid,
dialog: sippin' lattes an' such, and this
text: dude gets whacked by a falling
dialog: sign.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Carter.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Freaked me out so bad I hid in a
text: shopping cart for four hours.
dialog: 'Course, missed the show...
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: What about you, Kimberly? Did you
dialog: anyone from Flight- ?
text: Clear stops when she sees all the color has drained from Kimberly's
text: face. Even Eugene looks concerned.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Are you okay?
text: The car becomes completely silent (except for the slight SCRAPING) as
text: Kimberly prepares to tell her story.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: A little over a year ago, my mother
dialog: and I went to the mall. I was
dialog: supposed to meet her outside, but I
dialog: got caught up watching some news
dialog: report about some kid who committed
dialog: suicide. I kept thinking, "How can
dialog: you strangle yourself in a
dialog: bathtub?" That's retarded.
text: Thomas mouths, "Tod?" to Clear. Clear nods.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: It felt wrong. And yet...
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: There were gunshots outside and I
dialog: ran...
dialog: (chokes up)
text: Some kids tried to jack her car.
dialog: She fought them off - she was a
dialog: fighter - and they killed her.
text: Kimberly looks to Clear.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: After the funeral I had this
dialog: overwhelming feeling that it should
dialog: have been me. I figured that's how
dialog: everyone must feel. But I guess I
dialog: was right.
text: Thomas reaches between the seats and takes Kimberly's hand. As he
text: looks into her eyes, Kat takes her own eyes off the road to light a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT BRIAN
text: The tractor is safely off the road next to a wood pile. Brian grabs a
text: cord and starts up the whoodchipper.
scene_heading: INT. KAT'S EXPEDITION - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CLEAR
text: It's all starting to come together.
dialog: When Alex got us off Flight 180, it
dialog: didn't just change our lives. It
dialog: affected everyone and everything
dialog: we've come into contact with ever
dialog: since.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: I'm not sure I understand.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Being alive after our time caused
text: an outward ripple - a rift in
dialog: Death's design.
text: Eugene nods, slowly getting it.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: So if you never got off the plane,
dialog: none of us would be ali ve in the
dialog: first place.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: That's why Death is working
dialog: backwards. It's tying up all the
text: loose ends, sealing the rift once
dialog: and for all 
text: This chapter of the screenplay contains scene(s) that do not appear
dialog: or occur elsewhere in the final movie. In order to maintain the
text: integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited.
speaker_heading: CU LEFT TIRE
text: A thick retread sheers itself onto the pavement.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: The wood chipper roar s loudly. Suddenly, some forgotten stray chunk
text: SHOOTS from the spout --
text: The airborne chunk of WOOD CRACKS the White Van's windshield. Steve
text: veers out of control.
text: Kat sees the White Van ahead swerving into HER LANE. She quickly
text: jerks the wheel to the right.
text: Kat's LEFT FRONT TIRE BLOWS! It sends rubber flying and the entire
text: SUV pulls hard to the left, spinning her out of control into the
text: oncoming lane of traffic - toward the White Van!
text: Isabella SCREAMS! Steve jerks the wheel to the left! The White Van
text: has a close near miss with the Expedition, and goes off the road
dialog: toward a LAKE!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hang on!
text: The SUV misses the tractor -- but sails off the other side of the
text: embankment, spinning and rolling towards --
speaker_heading: THE GIBBONS' FARM
text: At the bottom of the hill of a large rural farm, a PROPANE TANK sits
dialog: at the edge of the property!
text: The SUV barrels down the hill - coming right for it!
dialog: INSIDE THE SUV
text: All Kat can do is cover her head with her arms.
speaker_heading: THE WHITE VAN
text: Speeding toward the lake! Isabella SCREAMS, in pain, not fear. The
text: White Van is ready for splashdown.
text: Steve finesses the hand brake while tapping the accelerator. He's
text: able to right the van away from the water without so much as a hard
dialog: jerk.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: We're okay, we're okay.
scene_heading: THE PROPANE TANK
text: It's about to get creamed - but the bouncing Expedition just barely
text: misses it! It continues, backwards, CRASHING through a temporary
dialog: fence and right into --
scene_heading: AN AGRICULTURAL CONSTRUCTION SITE!
text: The Expedition plows past earth movers, crashing through irrigation
text: ditches and pipes, shrapnel flying everywhere.
text: Just as the Expedition comes to a stop, an IRRIGATION PIPE ROCKETS
text: through the rear window -- miraculously missing Clear and Rory --
text: coming to a rest just behind Kat's head.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE WHITE VAN
text: Steve sees the wreckage on the other side of the highway and slows
text: down. Isabella squeezes his hand white.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Please. It's not going to wait.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I've got to stop and help those
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Do you want to deliver this baby?
text: Steve looks ill, then sees another car stopping by the crash. He
text: floors it and speaks into the shoulder mic of his cop radio.
speaker_heading: THE EXPEDITION
text: The dust settles in the silent car. The only sound is a QUIET, WET
text: WHEEZE. Clear, dazed, looks around carefully, avoiding the METAL
text: SPIKE that skewers the vehicle.
text: Rory holds his trembling hand before his eyes as if amazed to see it.
text: Kimberly shakes her hair, spilling glass onto the floor. Kat tries to
text: open the door, but it won't budge.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Not my time. Amazing...
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Is everybody alright?
text: A BLOODY HAND SEIZES HIS SHOULDER!
text: Thomas turns to see
text: Eugene SPASMING in the back seat! He clutches his ribcage in agony
text: and wheezes! Blood trickles from his mouth.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: He can't breathe! He can't
dialog: breathe!
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Oh my god, Eugene!?
text: Eugene's head tilts forward, unconscious.
scene_heading: EXT. GIBBONS' FARM - DAY
text: BRIAN GIBBONS jumps off the tractor and sprints down the hill toward
text: the accident. At the edge of the property is a common farm FENCE made
text: from wooden posts bridged by two thick wires.
text: Brian skillfully climbs between the wires and runs past a DEAD OAK
text: TREE ten feet inside the fence. In the BG, MR. GIBBONS darts inside a
text: double-wide construction trailer.
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS (O.S.)
dialog: Call 9- 1-1!
speaker_heading: WE FOLLOW BRIAN
text: To the crash site. Brian's jaw drops as he absorbs the chilling sight
text: of a guy and a girl dragging a blood- soaked man from the back seat to
text: perform CPR on him.
text: Around Brian, voices mesh in a surreal haze.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Stop it, don't move him!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: He can't breathe damn it. I think
dialog: his lung's collapsed!
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Someone call for help!
text: We STEADICAM around Brian to reveal a woman screaming from the
text: driver's seat. The sound is surreal.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I can't move my fucking leg!
dialog: Please get me out of here before it
dialog: explodes!
text: The color drains from Brian's face as the dying man on the ground
text: coughs blood and the girl performing CPR recoils.
text: The moment is still surreal as Brian steps back, further away from
text: the horrors he can't face. Into the street --
text: And Rory yanks him back from imminent death as an AMBULANCE SPEEDS
text: onto the property.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Watch it, dude!
text: That SNAPS Brian back to reality. Sounds become normal again. Brian
text: collects himself and SNIFFS the air. He then drops to ground level,
text: looking under the Expedition for something.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Help us, we need help over here!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (to Kat, reassuringly)
dialog: I don't smell any gas. And none's
text: dripping, either.
text: Brian sticks his head in Kat's window and peers down at her trapped
text: leg. He swipes the broken glass away from the window with this thick
text: flannel sleeve, reaches in, and tries to YANK the door open with all
dialog: his might.
text: No good, Kat SCREAMS in pain.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Stop that! I still need this foot,
dialog: thank you.
text: Brian steps back as the emergency vehicle speeds over.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GIBBON'S FARM - LATER
text: Clear watches two EMTS lo ad Eugene into the back of an ambulance. An
text: oxygen mask has been placed over his mouth.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Be careful with that, check the
text: gages on the regulator and be
dialog: mindful of overdoses. Oh, watch
dialog: for potholes and puddles.
text: As Clear continues, the exasperated Paramedics do their best to
text: ignore her. When she tries to climb inside, she is pushed away.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Look, I made him a promise --
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: Sorry. There's no room.
text: Again, she's shoved away and steps back, helpless.
text: Thomas and Kimberly stand by Kat, still trapped in the SUV.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Get that over here! Move move
dialog: move!
text: A RESCUE WORKER carries the JAWS of LIFE past Clear towards the
dialog: Expedition.
speaker_heading: RESCUE WORKER
dialog: Excuse me, hot soup coming through.
text: The hydraulic hose that leads back to the Power Unite WRAPS AROUND
speaker_heading: CLEAR'S LEG.
text: As the hose tightens, Clear realizes she's surrounded by shards of
text: glass and metal. She quickly WRESTLES herself free of the hose and
text: watches the Paramedics lock Eugene's gurney into place.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: One more thing. Watch out for
dialog: power lines.
text: The doors slam, revealing the PHELPS MEMORIAL HOSPITAL logo. The
text: ambulance speeds off, spraying gravel at her.
text: She reaches into her pocket and withdraws a CRUSHED cell phone. Shit.
text: She runs back over to Thomas.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: We have to contact Isabella now!
text: A NEWS VAN tries to weave through the emergency vehicles to get
dialog: closer to teh accident.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON NEWS VAN UNDERCARRIAGE
text: It sinks into the loose dirt, SCRAPING A LARGE ROCK. The gas tank
scene_heading: PUNCTURES.
text: EMT'S angrily wave the news van back to the road, where it parks near
text: the twin wire fence opposite the DEAD OAK TREE.
text: Immediately, A CAMERA CREW exits the van to catch the action. Rory
text: steps behind the News Van, making sure he can't be seen, and digs
text: into his sock, coming up with a bindle. A SMILE...
speaker_heading: THOMAS (O.S.)
dialog: Rory!!!
text: Rory cringes at his name, pockets his stash, then EXITS FRAME. WE
text: PUSH IN, the news van gas tank is leaking. A SMALL DRIP...
scene_heading: EXT. GIBBON'S FARM - CONTINUOUS
text: Thomas, Kimberly, Clear and Rory watch the JAWS OF LIFE being clamped
text: onto Kat's door.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Where's the cell phone Clear gave
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: I dunno. I think I gave it to
dialog: Eugene back at your place.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Damn it. We have to call the
dialog: Greenwood Police Station and warn
dialog: Isabella.
text: Thomas runs in the direction of some local POLICE. After he leaves,
text: Rory drifts away from the pack, hand in pocket.
text: Kimberly moves back to Kat, who chain -smokes in the front seat of the
dialog: Expedition.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: You doing alright in there?
speaker_heading: KAT
text: My legs are starting to cramp up.
dialog: And God, why am I so thirsty? Does
dialog: anyone have any Fiji?
text: The KA-CHUNK of the Jaws of Life next to Kat startles her half to
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Christ, you wanna give me a heads
dialog: up next time, pal?
text: Brian and Mr. Gibbons approach with a cup of tap water. They hand it
text: to kat, who frowns but drinks anyway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE DRIP
text: Of the leaking gas becomes a steady trickle. GAS SLITHERS over packed
text: dirt, around debris, toward the crash site.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: THOMAS DARK ROOM
text: Speaks to another COP who clicks off his radio.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: She's at Phelps Memorial. They're
dialog: prepping her to give birth right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Where's that?
speaker_heading: COP
text: A few miles up the road. Near the
dialog: docks.
speaker_heading: KAT
text: Lights one cigarette off the other KA -CHUCNK! The sound makes her
text: flinch, dropping the cigarette on the floor.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Damn, can't you be quieter with
dialog: that thing?
speaker_heading: RESCUE WORKER
dialog: (dripping scorn)
dialog: Sure, I'll just set it to the
dialog: "quiet" mode.
text: Kat rescues the glowing cigarette from around her feet and inhales.
text: KA-CHUNK!!! She jumps again, but maintains her composure.
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
text: The gasoline purposefully trickles down corrugated steel, through
text: pipes, closer and closer to the Expedition. At one point, the gas
text: even disappears into a hole in the ground, only to resurface twenty
text: feet closer to the site...
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
text: Looks confused to watch Rory climb between the fence wires and drift
text: the Dead Oak Tree into the field. Thomas runs down the hill toward
dialog: Kimberly.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: We gotta go now. Isabella's in
dialog: labor.
text: Rescue Workers pull off a large chunk of door. KA-CHUNK! Kat
text: Flinches.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: What about that?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (calls over to Kat)
dialog: How you doing in there, hero?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (re: spike behind head)
dialog: I guess it could be worse.
text: Brian hands out drinks to Rescue Workers.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: So let's go...Where the hell is
dialog: Rory?!
text: Thomas sees Rory in the field and angrily hops the fence, heading
text: directly under the dead Oak Tree.
text: Rory, his back to everyone, finally opens the BINDLE. Enraptured, he
text: delicately unfolds it...
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
text: Is put on alert by a fresh BREEZE. Her attention is caught by the
text: WINDOW of an emergency vehicle. IN THE REFLECTION, Kimberly sees a
text: man sitting on the Expedition, but when she spins ar ound, there's no
dialog: one there.
text: KA-CHUNG! The door comes off the Expedition, finally freeing Kat!
dialog: Everyone applauds!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Wait!
text: Mr. Gibbons, applauding with everyone else, chooses that very moment
text: to sit on the bumper.
text: DEPLOYING THE AIRBAG!
text: SLAMMING Kat's head backwards through the spike, HEAD-KABOB.
text: Kat's dead limp hand drops her last cigarette -- which bounces along
text: the hard dirt -- toward the oncoming gas. Closer, closer,.. The
text: BREEZE KICKS UP, aiding the cigarette.
text: WHOOSH, the gas fuse catches. The blusih flame travels through pipes,
text: over rocks, racing toward the news VAN.
text: Kimberly , half-traumatized, watches an ominous BREEZE rustle through
text: the field, up to the trees, toward Thomas.
text: The GAS BURNS up an incline, and disappears into the ground... And
text: pops up twenty feet closer to the News Van.
text: Kimberly follows the BREEZE to the dead oak tree under which Thomas
text: stands. And blows a large branch until it snaps! A startled Thomas
text: sees it fall just in time to DIVE to safety.
text: Clear, seeing the flame, instinctively runs from the van.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Get back!
text: BOOM! The news van's explosion hurls two fence posts just over
text: Thomas' head, end over end, the two lengths of wire stretched between
text: them. The flying garrote heads directly for --
text: Rory, who sorts hard, stands up with a satisfied smile - and is
text: sliced into three sharp cuts of beef.
text: The silence from the emergency crew is deafening. Mr. Gibbons starts
text: crying hysterically.
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS
dialog: I didn't mean to do it - I didn't
dialog: know.
text: Kimberly numbly stares at the fallen branch, the one that caused
text: Thomas to step out of the path of the flying fence.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: It wasn't his turn. And it's not
dialog: my turn.
text: Kimberly sees the corpses of Kat and Rory, buries the pain, and
text: approaches Mr. Gibbons.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Give me the keys to your truck.
dialog: Now!
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: Anything you want. Anything. I
dialog: wish I knew. I didn't...
text: Mr. Gibbons hands Kimberly the keys.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTCHESTER COUNTY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Kimberly drives Thomas and Clear in the Gibbons' truck. All are numb.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (buckling up)
dialog: Hurry up. There's no time. She's
text: about to give birth.
text: Kimberly unbuckles her seatbelt and floors it.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: What are you doing? You're going
dialog: to kill us!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: No. If anyone dies from a crash
dialog: now, it'll be me. But I can't die
dialog: if Eugene and Isabella are still
dialog: alive. I'm last on Death's list.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Are you crazy? What makes you
dialog: think you'd survive?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: What happened when Eugene tried to
dialog: kill himself out of turn?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (considering)
text: Six duds in a row.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: And when it was Rory's turn to die,
dialog: and Thomas was in the way?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: That branch fell and saved my life.
dialog: You're right, Death's maintaining
dialog: the order.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Let's pray that Isabella's still
dialog: alive.
text: The truck speeds into the horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. PHELP'S MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - ESTABLISHING SHOT
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Typical chatter as the staff preps Isabella. Steve paces nervously in
dialog: the background.
speaker_heading: STAFF
text: ...contractions coming quicker now.
dialog: Take her pressure and CTG. One
dialog: centimeter dilation. Prep the
dialog: epidural stat.
text: Isabella breathes Lamaze style in the hospital bed, her feet in
text: stirrups. A NURSE rocks Isabella's body back and forth, until her
text: back arches almost unnaturally forward.
text: In the BG, an OBSTETRICIAN, 50s, sterilizes his hands in a scrub
dialog: sink.
text: A female ANESTHESIOLOGIST hustles over, swabbing a LONG EPIDURAL
text: NEEDLE. The nurse places a mask over Isabella's face. The
text: Anesthesiologist lowers the needle to the base of Isabella's spine.
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: She's going to have to stop moving
dialog: if I'm going to --
text: The Nurse SNEEZES.
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: Goddamn it, keep her still!
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Sorry, doctor.
speaker_heading: XCU NEEDLE
text: Tracing skin between Isabella's constantly moving vertebra.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUMBLEBEE
text: It buzzes about the room, darting between the he ads of the doctors
text: and nurses, hovering above the --
text: ANESTHESIOLOGIST, who traces the long needle down Isabella's spine,
text: finding the proper vertebrae.
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
text: Perfectly still now...
text: Everyone freezes. SILENCE. As the tip of the needle presses the skin
dialog: down --
text: The BEE lands on the Anesthesiologist's ear. And STINGS!
dialog: FLINCH!
text: The NEEDLE SINKS IN - a NURSE GASPS. Did something go wrong?
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: Done.
dialog: (tears welling)
dialog: Now could someone please find the
dialog: open window and fucking close it?
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Kimberly speeds the truck down some dangerously twisty roads slick
text: from wet leaves.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: This makes no sense. Isabella was
text: supposed to crash her van into a
dialog: lake. Could we have altered her
dialog: destiny when we had her arrested?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: I don't think so. Alex's
dialog: premonitions happened exactly as he
dialog: saw them no matter how much we
dialog: tried to change it.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Then the only way to survive is to
dialog: get to the hospital and protect
dialog: Eugene and Isabella for as long as
dialog: we can.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: If only Alex and I had done that
dialog: with the others, Alex might still
dialog: be...
text: A somber beat. Then Thomas looks over at the speedometer.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Um, Kimberly? This is a
dialog: neighborhood. You may wanna slow
dialog: it down.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Don't worry. Nothing can happen to
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I wasn't worried about us.
text: Suddenly, Kimberly clutches her throat!
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: UNKNOWN POV
text: A NURSE hovers over us in a hospital, WRESTLING us down by the look
text: of things. There is SCREAMING all around. The image comes at us so
text: fast, we see only the briefest glimpse of the NAMETAG on her uniform:
speaker_heading: KALARJIAN
speaker_heading: THOMAS (O.S.)
dialog: Kimberly! Slow down!
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Kimberly "comes to" at the wheel -- FLAILING DESPERATELY at the
text: steering wheel. She even claws at Thomas who tries to control the
text: neglected steering wheel.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Slow down! We're...
text: Kimberly looks up as the truck comes around a blind curve, where cars
text: are backed up at a stop sign. Kimberly screams and SLAMS on the
dialog: brakes.
text: The truck SKIDS on wet leaves, completely out of control, towards a
text: LANDSCAPING TRUCK parked on the shoulder.
text: Kimberly's truck hits the loading ramps and launches itself twenty
text: feet into the air, DUKES OF HAZZARD-style.
text: And lands miraculously without a scratch! On a parallel road. And
dialog: keeps going. Dumb, insane fucking luck.
text: Kimberly shakes off her premonition and looks out the rear window.
text: She turns around with a cocky smile.
text: She rubs her throat and FLOORS IT again to Thomas' horror, more
dialog: determined.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (eyes darting)
dialog: What did you see? What am I
dialog: looking for?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: No, it's not here. This one was
dialog: different. More like the pile up
text: and the van going into the lake.
dialog: It wasn't just a sign, I was there.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Another premonition?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Yes. I was in a hospital. There
text: was screaming... A nurse was
dialog: choking me. I couldn't tell wh at
dialog: she looked like, but the name tag
text: was right in my face. Kalarjian.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Kalarjian?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I think a nurse named Kalarjian is
dialog: going to choke Isabella to death!
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - DAY
text: WIPING FRAME, a NURSE enters a room and reads a clipboard on an
text: unseen patient's bed.
text: REVEAL EUGENE lying in a hospital bed, wired to the latest medical
text: hardware. Nearby, a RESPIRATOR plunges up and do wn, the RESPIRATOR
text: TUBE snaking down Eugene's throat.
text: The NURSE'S HAND reaches down to Eugene's neck...
text: Eugene WINCES when the Nurse gives the tube a friendly little SHAKE
dialog: to check if it's stable.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Sorry. Can you feel that in your
dialog: trachea?
text: Eugene rolls his eyes. Stupid question.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Quite complaining. I got burnt
dialog: babies in the Children's Ward
dialog: braver than you.
text: She sticks an electri c thermometer in his ear. Eugene opens his mouth
text: as if to speak.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Don't bother. You won't be talking
dialog: for at least a month. Think you
dialog: can handle that, Jabberjaw?
text: Eugene looks ready to cry. The Nurse sits on the bed, jarring Eugene
text: enough to make him WINCE again.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Don't worry. Everyone learns to
dialog: love me once they get used to my
dialog: sense of humor, okay?
text: Eugene looks grat eful to see a humane side to this creature.
scene_heading: EXT. WINDY ROADS - DAY
text: The pick up truck races to the hospital. As Kimberly speeds past a
text: billboard, a POLICE CAR pulls in hot pursuit.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Shouldn't we pull over?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: No time. Keep going. I wouldn't
dialog: know how to explain any of this
dialog: anyway.
text: At the next intersection, TWO MORE COP CARS APPEAR.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Oh come on.
text: The pick up truck blows by the second pair of cop cars, which
text: instantly join the high speed chase. Kimberly takes a long look in
text: the rearview mirror at the TAILGATING COPS. She then inspects the
text: road ahead.
text: UP IN THE DISTANCE
text: A busy six-lane intersection.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: What do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (hesitated beat)
dialog: Speed up.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Yeah, fuck 'em.
dialog: (to Thomas)
dialog: No offense.
text: Kimberly SPEEDS toward the intersection. She pulls her seatbelt
text: aside, making sure it offers ZERO protection. Thomas jumps in the
text: backseat, buckles up...
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Be alive, Isabella, please be
dialog: alive.
text: Kimberly's eyes widen in fear. Her foot hesitates over the brake
dialog: pedal as --
text: The truck blindly blazes through the busy intersection, miraculously
dialog: missing every car!
text: The police are just barely able to fishtail into 90 degree turns,
text: avoiding the intersection completely.
text: Kimberly's eyes open and she lets out a victory cry.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
scene_heading: Oxygen valve. PAN OVER AND DOWN TO
text: Eugene tries to watch a news flash of HIS accident on the TV across
text: the room, but a bulky ORDERLY blocks his view.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR MAN (O.S.)
text: ...ironically impaled through the
dialog: head as a result of an emergency
text: airbag deploying.
text: As Eugene shudders with dread, the Orderly pushes a huge cart in
text: front of him, again obscuring his view. Eugene frantically pantomimes
dialog: writing.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Need a pen? Sure. If you like,
dialog: I'll bring crosswords for you, too.
text: Eugene tries nodding his thanks, but the tube in his throat hampers
dialog: his movement.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: ...police Have speculated that one
dialog: of the deaths may have been
dialog: narcotics related and urge children
dialog: to stay away from d rugs.
text: Finally, the Orderly pushes the cart away, revealing the TV. An
text: ANCHOR MAN taps his pages on the desktop.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR MAN
dialog: Good advice, Sue. And stay in
text: school. Up next, Johnny Showers
dialog: has the weather...
text: A WEATHERMAN dressed as a frog points out cloud formations.
text: Eugene, tormented, stares at the screen as the Orderly begins pushing
text: the huge cart out of the room.
text: The sound of a SKIDDING CAR fills the room. It comes from the TV
text: which shows a PSA featuring CRASH TEST DUMMIES.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Jeez, it's freezing in here.
text: The Orderly flicks the thermostat and one by one, VENTS CLOSE just
text: below the ceiling.
text: Eugene's eyes fill with terror - he knows something's wrong.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON OXYGEN HOSE -
text: Bursting. It HISSES softly. We follow the OBLIVIOUS ORDERLY out of
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: A hospital ADMINISTRATOR briskly strides up to the Orderly.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: What are you doing? The Henzels
dialog: are still waiting for you in the
dialog: Children's Ward --
text: The Orderly smacks his forehead - shit. Totally forgot.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Right, right, right. Gregory's big
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: And Mrs. Dempsey in hydrotherapy
text: can't feel her legs.
text: The Orderly, nodding rapidly, is halfway down the hall by now. The
text: Administrator shakes his head in disgust and walks past.
text: The HUGE CART. Which now blocks the door on Eugene's room.
scene_heading: EXT. PHELPS MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - CONTINUOUS
text: Kimberly seems to have ditched the cops. She speeds the pick up
dialog: through the medical facility.
scene_heading: EXT. EMERGENCY ROOM - DAY
text: The pick up skids to a halt in front of the hospital. Kimberly,
text: Thomas and Clear run outside and into the building.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - DAY
text: The OXYGEN HOSE hisses, but is drowned out by the volume of the TV.
text: Eugene's eyes dart frantically as a blaring fast food commercial
text: ends. The n, a NEWS REPORT comes on. The BANNER:
speaker_heading: ROUTE 18 TRAGEDY
text: Footage showing grieving families, wreaths on doors, yellow ribbons,
text: and emergency crews pulling wreckage apart, dissolve together over:
speaker_heading: ANCHOR WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Mor e tears were shed this morning
dialog: in the wake of yesterday's tragedy
dialog: that rocked the Tri -State area...
text: Suddenly, the FRAYED ELECTRIC CORD of Eugene's TV begins sparking.
text: The sound DROPS OUT, the picture SPUTTERS.
text: Eugene goes white with terror. He looks back to --
text: The broken OXYGEN TUBE. HISSING softly. The BEEPS of the EEG machine
text: frantically increase. Eugene reaches for the nurse call switch.
text: Mockingly out of reach by mere millimeters.
scene_heading: INT. NURSES STATION - DAY
text: Clear, Kimberly and Thomas dash toward the main desk.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Isabella Cruz. What room's she in?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I'm sorry, I can't give out that
dialog: info unless you're a relative.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: I'm her sister.
text: The Receptionist eyes her dubiously.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I'll have to see your ID, Ms. Cruz.
text: Clear vaults over the counter, straight-arms the Receptionist and
text: seizes the computer. Thomas and Kimberly look on, stunned.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
text: Delivery rooms are downstairs.
dialog: I'll find Eugene and catch up with
dialog: you.
text: Kimberly and Thomas hurry to the elevator banks...then reconsider and
text: enter the stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Eugene scratches the top sheet of the bed, trying to inch the call-
text: switch closer and closer to him. But it won't budge.
text: A RAT APPEARS behind Eugene's pillow, CRAWLS over his chest and
dialog: disappears by his stomach!
text: He pounds desperately on the empty food tray, his side rails, looks
dialog: toward the door --
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Outside the door, you can't hear a thing in the bustling hallway as
text: people rush by. Kimberly and Thomas rush past his door, lost.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Hurry, I think she's this way.
scene_heading: BACK TO EUGENE
text: His eyes scream insanely, but he respirator tube prevents any sound
text: from escaping him. And that's when the RAT appears on the floor and
text: begins gnawing on the respirator's power cord!
text: When Eugene sees this, the EEG machine climbs off the charts.
scene_heading: INT. NURSES STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Clear takes off down the hallway. The Receptionist, shaken, dials her
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Security?
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The Obstetrician voices concern.
speaker_heading: OBSTETRICIAN
dialog: Listen to me, Isabella, I need you
dialog: to stop pushing.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: What's wrong? IS the baby all
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: OBSTETRICIAN
dialog: It's a breach. If I can't reverse
dialog: it, we may need to do a Caesarian.
text: The Obstetrician's hands go to work. Steve looks ill.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Maybe I should step outside.
scene_heading: INTERCUT KIMBERLY AND THOMAS
text: Running down the corridor.
speaker_heading: PA ANNOUNCEMENT
dialog: Code Blue in Delivery Room 6. Code
dialog: Blue!
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - DAY
text: The rat GNAWS away at Eugene's power cord, Eugene looks trapped,
text: helpless, tortured.
text: His eyes dart from the sparking TV to the gnawed power cord to the
dialog: useless call- switch.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Clear walks up and down the corridor, scanning room numbers as she
text: passes. A -169, A- 171, A-173...
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: B-187...B-187...
text: A HAND suddenly GRABS Clear and shoves her against the wall. REVEAL A
text: SECURITY GUARD leering at her.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Just where do you think you're
dialog: going?
text: Clear struggles to get away, getting sympathetic looks from an OLD
text: MAN walking a rolling IV STAND down the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Isabella is pushing again.
speaker_heading: OBSTETRICIAN
text: Almost there. I see the head...
text: The NURSE takes a pair of SCISSORS off a tray.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Clear plays possum, offering no resistance to the Security Guard as
text: the Old Man wheels his IV STAND along.
text: Suddenly, Clear grabs the stand - and WHAMS the heavy wheeled base
text: into the Guard's BALLS! As the Guard recoils, she thoughtfully hands
text: the IV back to the Old Man and runs.
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY ROOM 0 CON
text: The Nurse is startled when Kimberly and Thomas BURST THROUGH the
text: door. In the BG, a puzzled Steve peeks inside until Kimberly pulls
text: the door closed.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: What are you doing in here? Get
dialog: the hell out! Right now!
text: Finally we hear the BABY CRY! The Nurse immediately moves in to
text: swaddle the newborn. Dr. Kalarjian beams at the very groggy looking
dialog: Isabella.
speaker_heading: OBSTETRICIAN
dialog: Isabella, look down and see your
dialog: son.
text: To the confusion of everyone around them, Kimberly and Thomas BURST
text: INTO CHEERS! They jump, dance and hug each other.
dialog: It's a magical moment --
scene_heading: EXT. EUGENE'S PRIVATE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The RAT stops gnawing. The TV stops sparking. A wave of intense
text: relief washes over Eugene. He pantomimes reaching into his shirt
text: pocket and lighting a victory cigar.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Relaxed and invigorated, Kimberly and Thomas giddily exit the
text: delivery room as Clear runs up to them.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: A guard grabbed me before I could
dialog: find Eugene.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Don't sweat it. It's over.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: She had the baby?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: New life defeats death. We've done
text: it. Death has to rewrite the list.
dialog: We're safe.
text: Steve watches, confused, as Clear whoops with delight and HUGS the
dialog: others.
text: Clear laughs with a relief that seems completely foreign to her.
text: Kimberly laughs with her, then is suddenly rocked by a vision --
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
speaker_heading: UNKOWN POV
text: Looking up a the EEG machine. Flatlined!
speaker_heading: THOMAS (O.S.)
dialog: Kimberly! Are you okay?!
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - BACK TO PRESENT
text: Kimberly, on the ground, looks frazzled as she SNAPS out of her
text: trance. Thomas helps her to her feet.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Are you okay? You just face
dialog: planted!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I know how it feels to be dead.
text: Her lips blue, Kimberly shivers uncontrollably. Clear sees TWO
text: SECURITY GUARDS round a distant corner and quickly walks the others
text: toward an EMERGENCY LOADING ZONE.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: What did you see?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I was dead. And came back to life.
text: An EEG machine. Where's Eugene?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: But it's over. Isabella's baby was
dialog: the key. You saw her die and
dialog: everything, right?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I don't...what if I made a mistake?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
text: Impossible. She was on the onramp.
text: Kimberly reluctantly closes her eyes and remembers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: PREVIOUSLY UNSEEN
text: Moment of the pile-up premonition. A WHITE VAN in fr ont of Kimberly
text: suddenly slams on its brakes and pulls onto the shoulder.
text: Kimberly screams, swerving around the van just in time to avoid an
dialog: accident.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
text: Kimberly, overcome with self- doubt.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I'm not sure... I don't think
dialog: Isabella was ever destined to die
text: in the pile -up.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Then what's the premonition of the
dialog: lake supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Can you remember anything about it?
text: Kimberly shuts her eyes, remembering:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY
speaker_heading: POV DRIVER
text: Grease-covered hands reach out toward a steering wheel of a white van
text: speeding out of control TOWARD A LAKE!
text: The van crashes through a railing and PLUNGES into the water. In
text: moments, the van fills with water, the driver inside trapped.
text: Drowning. Horrible.
text: And on the rearview mirror, six floral scented AIR-FRESHNERS.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
text: Kimberly looks down at her grease -covered hands and looks ill.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
text: ...the Same hands from the van.
text: Finally everything makes sense to Clear.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: It's you Kimberly. The
dialog: premonitions are about you.
text: Kimberly trembles, refusing to accept what she's hearing.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: No! It can't be.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: (suddenly remembering)
dialog: I have to save Eugene!
text: Clear leaves Kimberly and Thomas together. Kimberly verges on tears
text: and Thomas consoles her with a hug.
text: IN THE BACKGROUND
text: Clear looks at passing room numbers while hurrying down the corridor.
text: She comes to a room with a HUGE CART parked outside, blocking the
text: door. She looks up to see - B -187.
text: Clear leans into it, pushing it out of the way of the door.
speaker_heading: CLEAR
dialog: Eugene? Are you in there?
speaker_heading: EUGENE'S ROOM
text: Eugene strains to hear through the thick door.
speaker_heading: CLEAR (O.S.)
dialog: Can you hear me? I'm coming in .
text: An intense wave of relief washes over Eugene.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
text: As Kimberly hugs Thomas, she watches Clear push the cart past the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY (O.S.)
dialog: Make way, make way lovebirds.
text: Kimberly spins as Eugene's Orderly passes her; a paper, pen and a
text: crossword book in one hand, A BIRTHDAY CAKE in the other.
text: The CAKE reads "Happy Birthday Gregory". The THIRTEEN SPARKLING
text: CANDLES on top ODDLY FRAME Clear's head.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Oh no...
text: The Orderly speeds down the corridor toward Clear, whose hand reaches
text: for Eugene's door handle. She leans into it --
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: (to Clear)
dialog: Thanks hon, the Henzels are going
dialog: crazy for this thing.
scene_heading: THOMAS AND KIMBERLY
text: Watch as Clear opens the door, briefly revealing Eugene, a whoosh of
dialog: Oxygen --
dialog: BOOM!!!
text: Clear's body is obscenely hurled END OVER END towards the CAMERA,
dialog: heading straight for Kimberly and Thomas!
text: Thomas throws himself and Kimberly around the corner to prevent being
text: crushed by Clear's lifeless body!
text: The hospital erupts in total chaos. Just as Kimberly is about to
text: break down completely, she sees --
text: A WOMAN hurrying down the hallway in their direction, pushing a crash
dialog: cart.
text: Kimberly sees the nametag: KALARJIAN.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Nurse Kalarjian...
scene_heading: DR. KALARJIAN
dialog: Doctor Kalarjian. Excuse me,
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CART
text: DEFRIBULATOR PADDLES rest on top. And then Dr. Kalarjian passes them
text: toward the area of the explosion.
text: KIMBERLY OMINOUSLY TURNS, the camera following her view, until she
text: sees a small lake across the street from the hospital.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Oh my God. That's it. The lake.
text: The EEG machine. Nurse Kalarjian.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What?
text: Just then, an AMBULANCE SKIDS up to the nearest entrance. PARAMEDICS
text: jump out and run towards the blast site.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: You can't cheat destiny. I know
dialog: what I have to do to save us. I
dialog: have to die.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: That's crazy. You can't give up
dialog: now. We can still fight this
dialog: thing.
text: But Kimberly isn't listening. She stares through the glass doors at
dialog: the --
speaker_heading: AMBULANCE
text: A red stripe down the side, but the hood is completely white. Six
text: floral scented air-fresheners hang from the rearview. The 'van' from
dialog: her vision! And it's running!
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: I have to do this.
text: Kimberly wipes tears from her eyes, kisses Thomas' cheek, then turns
text: and runs before he can speak.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kimberly heads right for the open ambulance. The driver's door almost
text: seems to swing open for her as she gets in.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Thomas frantically tries to get through the electric doors, which
text: SPARK and short out. He struggles to pry them apart.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kimberly shifts into gear and speeds off. Thomas squeezes through the
text: doors and runs after her. An EMT, the driver of the stolen ambulance,
text: rushes outside.
speaker_heading: EMT
dialog: What the fuck?!
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY
text: Thomas chases the ambulance, watching helplessly as it barrels over
text: curbs, pylons and a fence, ultimately plunging straight into the
dialog: lake!
text: Thomas sprints to the lake as fast as he can - the EMT trailing far
dialog: behind.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE AMBULANCE
text: Kimberly panics as the ambulance fills with water and she takes a
dialog: final gasp of air --
text: ON THE LAKE'S EDGE
text: Thomas stares in horror at the percolating air bubbles as the vehicle
text: descends below the surface -- and he dives in!
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Thomas swims into the dark, murky water. Deeper and deeper, he g ets
text: to the ambulance and tries to open the door. Stuck. He withdraws his
text: baton and BANGS on the glass - nothing!
text: He tries coming up for air, but his pants snag on the jagged metal of
text: the twisted bumper. He squirms frantically...
text: And as his exhausted body loses consciousness, everything --
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: BLACKNESS.
speaker_heading: DR. KALARJIAN (O.S.)
dialog: Ready and...CLEAR!
text: The SHOCK of defribulator paddles brings Kimberly back to life.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY'S POV
text: Looking up at Dr. Kalarjian, all she can see is part of a woman's
text: face and a partial nametage reading "Kalarjian".
text: It would appear as if she's choking Kimberly, but --
text: An EEG MONITOR turns from a flatline to a steady heartbeat, the same
dialog: POV as the premonition.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: She's back!
scene_heading: DR. KALARJIAN
dialog: Five CC's of narcodon. I want her
text: stabilized and prepped for ICU.
text: Kimberly turns her head to see
speaker_heading: THOMAS
text: Unconscious, CPR being performed on him by the EMT (who's now soaking
text: wet). Thomas doesn't respond.
text: An INTERN opens an eyelid, points a flashlight at his eyes. Shakes
text: his head, nothing. The sopping wet EMT goes back to performing CPR.
text: Finally, Thomas coughs up water, chokes, gasps for air, then BOLTS
speaker_heading: UPRIGHT.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Kimberly?!
text: He turns to see Kimberly reaching out for him. Immeasurably relieved,
text: he takes her hand and allows himself to be eased back down to the
text: platform. Kimberly's eyes fill with tears.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Welcome back. We did it. For
dialog: real.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I know. I can feel it too.
text: Outside, a parting of dark clouds causes a shaft of sunlight to flood
text: into the hospital. Its light covers Kimberly and Thomas with an
text: ethereal glow. There are no more doubts; they've won.
text: They exchange meek, yet triumphant smiles in the smoky, chaotic
dialog: hospital.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY
text: We are at a summer barbecue. Frisbee, lawn darts, croquet, et.
dialog: Everyone's happy.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: FIVE MONTHS LATER
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: Shish -Kabob entering a mouth.
speaker_heading: REVEAL
text: Kimberly taking a bite, relishing the taste and calmly pulling the
text: metal skewer from her mouth.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: My God, this is delicious. I can't
dialog: believe I used to be a vegan.
text: Thomas, out of uniform, takes a bite of his own. As the metal skewer
text: is deep in his mouth --
text: A running FRISBEE PLAYER accidentally bumps into Thomas! But no harm.
text: Thomas gives the guy a friendly pat and goes back to rewrapping his
text: mouth around the shish-kabob.
speaker_heading: MR. BURROUGHS (O.S.)
dialog: So what's the deal, Thomas? Three
dialog: months and you still haven't asked
dialog: my daughter out on a date.
text: Kimberly turns red as Mr. Burroughs appears and takes a seat.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What's wrong with a platonic
dialog: relationship?
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS
dialog: Platonic my ass. That's for ugly
dialog: women.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: For God's sake, leave him alone,
dialog: Dad.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yeah, don't make me cite you for
dialog: harassment.
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS
dialog: Oh please. I'm not hurting anyone.
dialog: (looking around, lowering
dialog: voice)
dialog: Besides, if you can beat Death,
dialog: what's he got to worry about me
dialog: for?
text: Mr. Gibbons sits down at the table with two plates of food. His wife,
text: MRS. GIBBONS, joins.
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS
dialog: You know, you still never explained
dialog: to us how you did it.
text: It seems by now everyone's familiar with the concept.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Well, technically when we died, we
dialog: gave Death what it wanted. And by
dialog: the time we were revived, it had
dialog: already moved on to graver
dialog: pastures.
text: Mrs. Gibbons makes a face, finding the discourse distasteful. She
text: changes the conversation.
speaker_heading: MRS. GIBBONS
dialog: You know, I'm having the greatest
dialog: day?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: Food's great too, Mrs. Gibbons.
dialog: Big props to you and Brian.
speaker_heading: MRS. GIBBONS
dialog: Our...pleasure. So, ready for the
dialog: back-to -school season? NYU, right?
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
text: Three short glorious weeks away.
speaker_heading: MRS. GIBBONS
dialog: Sounds wonderful. I wish I were
dialog: going myself.
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS
dialog: (to Mr. Burroughs)
dialog: You may want to think twice about
dialog: letting her live in the village,
dialog: Bob. Our eldest daughter moved
dialog: there and came back with piercings
text: all over her face.
dialog: (looks grave)
dialog: Among other places.
text: A chorus of friendly laughter.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: Dad used to call her the
text: pincushion. From Hellraiser.
text: BRIAN enters frame, soaking up fresh laughter. He holds a plate full
text: of raw chicken fillets and some long, wooden matches.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Dad, you had the spatula last,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS
dialog: Sure, here.
text: Mr. Gibbons hands it over and Brian saunters away from camera,
text: SLIGHTLY OUT OF FOCUS, toward the barbecue, his body framed between
text: Kimberly and Thomas' heads.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
text: Brian looks like he's having fun.
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS
dialog: Sure does. Owes it to that friend
dialog: of yours, in a way.
text: Mr. Gibbons immediately regrets having said that.
speaker_heading: KIMBERLY
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: MR. GIBBONS
dialog: Well, Brian was nearly hit by an
dialog: ambulance the day...but your friend
text: Rory pulled him back at the last
dialog: second.
text: Kimberly and Thomas ominously turn their heads around. In the BG,
text: Brian fidgets in front of the barbecue.
speaker_heading: MRS. GIBBONS
dialog: You never told me that, Peter.
dialog: Boy, that was lucky.
text: BOOM!!! The PROPANE TANK blows Brian to smithereens. A deafening
text: silence follows, punctuated when Brian's ARM lands on Mrs. Gibbons'
text: plate. PLOP.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: END CREDITS.
dialog: 
