speaker_heading: FIRST REFORMED
dialog: Written by
dialog: Paul Schrader
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - CEMETERY - DAY 1
text: TOLLER, early 40's, a cleric, dressed in a worn black
text: clerical garb like a small town judge, tends the historic
dialog: cemetery of historic First Reformed Church, upstate New York,
text: his face like a half rubbed away engraving on those
text: tombstones, revealed in degrees of shadow. His angular body
text: lists to the right, as if resisting weight. He is in Agony.
dialog: And he writes.
scene_heading: TOLLER STARTS A JOURNAL
text: Still images of First Reformed Church, Snowbridge, New York,
dialog: and environs:
text: --A yellow on blue iron historical marker reads: “First
dialog: Reformed Church, Organized 1752, Built 1765. Occupied 1776 by
text: New York Provisional Congress. Station in Underground Railway
dialog: 1845 to 1850. Placed on National Register of Historical
dialog: Places. State of New York Education Department, 1934.”
text: --A Dutch colonial spired church built on a fieldstone
text: foundation under a low fluorescent sky against a mountain
dialog: ridge.
text: --Oft painted door jambs, slightly askew.
text: --An ancient churchyard lined with weathered grey and uneven
text: tombstones. A faded inscription reads: “...in memory of
text: Effie Vei Planck Born 16 of February 1737 and Departed this
dialog: Life November...”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - DEN - NIGHT 2
text: A hand writes in a black flecked composition notebook. We
dialog: hear what the writer writes:
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I have decided to keep a journal.
dialog: Not in a word program or a digital
dialog: file, but in longhand, writing
dialog: every word out so that every
dialog: inflection of penmanship is
dialog: recorded, every word chosen,
dialog: scratched out, revised to set down
dialog: all my thoughts...
text: In a background an unaccompanied keyboard plays, “Pass Me Not
dialog: (O Gentle Savior) .”
dialog: ..-and the simple events of my day
dialog: factually and without hiding
dialog: anything. When writing about
dialog: oneself, one should show no mercy.
dialog: Who are you hiding from? God?...
scene_heading: INT. FIRST REFORMED - SANCTUARY - DAY 3
text: --Brochures in a pamphlet rack feature an antique photo of
dialog: the church. “A Short History of Historic First Reformed.”
dialog: Tours every Tuesday and Thursday at 10 AM.
text: --Hands playing the keyboard.
text: --A framed and faded Continental Army flag “raised at the
text: edifice June 1774” hangs beside two glass covered bullet
dialog: holes.
dialog: --"From this spot in March 1855, Calvin Verlander escorted 16
dialog: Free People of Color to the Canadian border.”
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I will keep this diary for one
dialog: year, twelve months and at the end
dialog: of that time it will be destroyed.
text: Shredded, then burnt. The
dialog: experiment will be over.
text: “Pass Me Not” draws to a finish. JOHN ELDER, 60, the steel
text: guitarist, steps back and takes a seat.
text: Wider angles reveal the nature of the sanctuary, a functional
text: colonial rectangle lined with white painted pews. High
text: stained glass windows let light in from above. The walls are
text: lined with memorial plaques and remembrances.
text: Seven PARISHIONERS stand in the pews. Three single elderly
text: worshippers, one middle aged couple and one younger couple. A
text: token turnout at best.
text: Reverend Toller, dressed in a collarless cassock, stands at
text: the pulpit. He reads from the Heidelberg Catechism:
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: “What is thy only comfort in life
dialog: and death?”
text: The parishioners, Psalter books in hand, join in the
text: response, their voices a communal mumble:
speaker_heading: PARISHONERS
dialog: “That I with body and soul, both in
dialog: life and death, am not my own but
dialog: belong unto my faithful Savior
dialog: Jesus Christ, who with his precious
dialog: blood hath fully satisfied for all
dialog: my sins...”
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 4
text: Toller writes in his journal. His voice plays over the
dialog: reading of the Catechism:
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: These thoughts and recollections
dialog: are not so different from those I
dialog: confide to God every morning, when
dialog: it is possible, when he is
dialog: listening...
scene_heading: INT. FIRST REFORMED - SANCTUARY - DAY 5
text: The congregants shuffle from their pews, wait at the altar
text: for communion. Among them are ESTHER, 40, a well dressed
text: woman and MARY and MICHAEL, a working class couple in their
text: twenties. Michael stands at a distance as Mary awaits the
text: communion cup. An Older Man and Older Woman fill out the
dialog: group.
text: John Elder assists Toller as he offers the silver communion
text: plate and tray holding bread squares and wine cups.
text: Esther and Toller exchange looks as she accepts the wine.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: ..-This journal is a form of
dialog: speaking, of communication from one
text: to the other, a communication which
dialog: can be achieved simply and in
dialog: repose without prostration or
text: abnegation. It is a form of prayer.
scene_heading: MEET MARY AND MICHAEL
scene_heading: INT. FIRST REFORMED - VESTRY - DAY 6
text: Toller removes his cassock and stole, hangs them in the
text: closet beside an alb (white cassock). Underneath he wears, as
text: he will always, a worn long sleeve black sweater and black
dialog: slacks.
text: John Elder counts out the collection from the offertory,
text: places the bills in a small lock box.
text: The Vestry, like the sanctuary, shows age and use. One bit of
text: decor contrasts with the Old New England ambience of the
text: room: a framed poster of the Abundant Life in Christ Church
text: of Fellowship, a mega church in a rural setting surrounded by
dialog: parking spaces. “We are Spirit-filled ... Non-denominational
text: «+. Evangelistic ... Welcoming.” A smiling photo of Joel
text: Jeffers, “Head Pastor,” a fit black 60 year-old preacher in a
text: dark T shirt, invites newcomers to services.
text: Toller stacks the communion plate it on a shelf beside the
dialog: collection plates.
speaker_heading: ELDER
text: There is a leak in the men’s
text: restroom.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I fixed it.
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: I was just there. It’s still
dialog: leaking. Same place. Under the hot
dialog: faucet.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Did you check the women’s?
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: The women’s is fine. Do you want me
dialog: to call the plumber from Abundant
dialog: Life?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Let me have a go at it again. I
dialog: don’t like to be always asking
dialog: Abundant Life for little costs here
dialog: and there.
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: They don’t mind. That’s what
dialog: they’re there for. You are totally
dialog: within your budget.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Still...
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: Have you posted the sermon?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I did it this morning.
text: A KNOCK on the door.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Come in.
text: MARY MENSANA, 30, seen during the service, pokes her head
text: into the Vestry. Behind her, MICHAEL MENSANA, 30, sits in a
dialog: pew.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Reverend?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Come in. Mary, right?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mary Mensana.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Nice to see you again.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I wanted to talk...
text: John Elder excuses himself.
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: I‘'ll be right back.
text: Elder exits, closing the door behind him. Mary is pregnant.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I wonder if you could speak with
dialog: Michael, my husband.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Of course. Ask him to come in.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Not now. He’s got to go to Home
text: Depot and work. He’s filling in.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Mary, what is it?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (she sits)
dialog: I’m worried about him.
dialog: (he waits)
dialog: He’s involved with the Green planet
dialog: movement.
dialog: (Toller nods)
dialog: He was in jail in Canada. He got
dialog: out a couple of weeks ago. He just
text: sits at home. He doesn’t go out. I
dialog: got him to fill out a temp form for
dialog: Home Depot, so that’s good.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Are you sure you wouldn’t rather go
dialog: to Abundant Life? They have a staff
dialog: of counsellors who are much more
dialog: exper ienced--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, he won’t see them. He says they
dialog: are more like a company than a
dialog: church. He said he’d talk to you.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Of course. Tomorrow?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (nods )
text: After lunchtime.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I’1l come to you.
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: I’1ll need your address.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: (nods again)
dialog: Can you tell me any more?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He applied for Compassionate
dialog: Release when he found out. He was
text: at Ft. Providence. They let him out
dialog: two weeks ago.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Found out what?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That I was pregnant.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He says it’s wrong to bring a child
dialog: into this world.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He wants to kill my baby.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: THE PARSONAGE
scene_heading: EXT./INT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 7
text: A 19th Century brick building stands to the rear of First
text: Reformed. Light glows from within.
dialog: Still life tableaus:
text: --A single bed made with military precision
text: --A shelf of books, “St. Augustine’s Confessions,” “Zen and
dialog: the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance,” “Remembrance of Things
dialog: Past,” “The Seven Story Mountain,” “Living Buddha, Living
dialog: Christ,” Guidelines for Mystical Prayer”...
text: --A medicine cabinet stacked with over the counter remedies:
text: Pepto Bismol, NyQuil, Immodium, Advil, Migrane...
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - DEN - NIGHT 8
dialog: Toller writes in his journal:
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I assisted Sunday the youth group
dialog: at Abundant Life. The young people
dialog: were so excited, so full of life.
dialog: They were open, they welcome
dialog: communion. Maybe I shouldn’t care
dialog: about whether people like me? Did
dialog: Jesus worry about being liked?
scene_heading: 9 INT. PARSONAGE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 9
text: On his rear, he prays at his bedside.
scene_heading: 10 INT. PARSONAGE - DEN - NIGHT 10
text: Toller pours himself a glass of scotch, sips it. Toller’s
text: bed, unmade, messy, empty.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I look at the lines I last wrote
dialog: with disdain. Twelve months? Can I
dialog: keep up an exercise that long? I
dialog: read these words and see not truth
dialog: but pride.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP: diary.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I wish I had not used the word
dialog: pride. But I cannot cross it out.
dialog: If only I could pray.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TOLLER MEETS MICHAEL
scene_heading: 11 EXT. CORNER GAS STATION - DAY (OMIT) 11
scene_heading: 12 EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY (OMIT) 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: EXT. MENSANA HOUSE - DAY 13
text: A woman walking a dog passes. Toller parks in the drive of a
text: modest house, goes to the front door, rings the bell.
text: Mary answers the door, They speak. He enters.
scene_heading: INT. MENSANA HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 14
text: Inside the house, Toller looks around as he hands Mary his
text: coat. A framed photo of Mary and Michael side by side hangs
dialog: by door.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thanks for coming.
dialog: (about photos)
dialog: Our honeymoon. A bike honeymoon.
text: Michael Mensana joins them. He wears khakis and a checked
dialog: shirt.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Ireland.
text: They exchange greetings.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thanks for coming. Would you like
dialog: some coffee?
text: Toller is concerned about his stomach:
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Yes, but...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I think we have some tea.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: That would be better.
text: Mary heads toward the kitchen as Michael leads Toller into a
dialog: small office.
scene_heading: INT. MENSANA HOUSE - OFFICE - DAY 15
text: They sit in the cramped space. The room is filled with books,
text: literature and announcements about ecological activism.
text: Comparative graphs and global maps show the projected
dialog: consequences of global warming: the rise of the oceans,
text: drought, vanishing species, migratory patterns.
text: Michael, uncomfortable, shifts his weight:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I don’t know why Mary...
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: No reason to apologize. You've been
dialog: in Canada?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Ft. Providence. That is in the
dialog: Mackenzie Delta, way to the north.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Beautiful country, I imagine.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It is.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Mary says things have gotten you
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: “Things?” You could say that, yes.
text: Mary, tapping on the door, enters with a cup of coffee and
text: another cup of tea. She closes the door behind her.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (CONT’D)
text: Mary is pregnant.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I noticed. How far along is she?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Twenty weeks. How old are you,
dialog: Reverend?
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: TOLLER
text: Forty-two.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Thirty-five.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s how old our child will be in
dialog: 2050. Five years older than I am
dialog: now. You’ll be seventy-seven. Do
dialog: you know what the world will be
dialog: like in 2050?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It’s hard to imagine.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You think?
dialog: (Toller waits)
dialog: The world is changing fast. Right
text: in front of us. One third of the
dialog: natural world has been destroyed in
dialog: your lifetime. The earth’s
dialog: temperature will be three degrees
dialog: centigrade higher. Four is the
dialog: threshold.
text: Michael hands him a printout resting beside the keyboard:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (CONT'D)
dialog: ...“severe, widespread, and
dialog: irreversible impacts”--when
dialog: scientists use words like that--the
dialog: National Center of Atmospheric
dialog: Research, Lawrence Livermore, the
dialog: Potsdam Institute...
text: Michael stands, hands Toller reports from various agencies,
text: speaks as he walks. A GIF plays on Michael’s computer screen:
text: the computer animation displays the mutating planet from 1850
dialog: to 2050--less green, less ice, more flooding, more drought,
dialog: decade by decade. Toller speaks over:
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: He went on for some time like that.
text: By 2050 sea levels two feet higher
text: on the East Coast. Low lying areas
text: underwater across the world.
dialog: Bangladesh, twenty percent loss of
dialog: land mass. Central Africa, fifty
dialog: percent reduction in crops due to
dialog: drought. The western reservoirs
dialog: dried up. Climate change refugees.
text: Epidemics. Extreme weather.
text: CLOSEUP of wall map as Toller speaks over. Chart depicts the
text: ecological “Nine Planetary Boundaries” which lie between
dialog: mankind and extinction. Of these four (i.e., “ocean
text: acidification”) have been crossed “beyond the zone of
dialog: uncertainty.” Three are within the zone of uncertainty, two
text: are as yet undetermined.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: .-the bad times will begin. From
dialog: that point everything moves very
dialog: quickly. The social structure will
dialog: not bear the stress of multiple
dialog: crises. Opportunistic diseases.
dialog: Anarchy. Martial law. The tipping
dialog: point. This isn’t some distant
dialog: future. You will live to see this.
dialog: My children will experience
dialog: this...unlivability. And the
dialog: behavior it causes...this...
text: Toller waits until Michael pauses and sits. Michael realizes
text: he has begun to repeat himself.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought something could be done.
dialog: I thought people would listen.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Mary said you would be willing to
dialog: talk to me?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Why is that?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I respect you. I respect what
dialog: you've... been through.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Do you have thoughts of harming
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No. Did Mary say that?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: No, she didn’t.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I’m not worried for myself. This
dialog: world will be what it is.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (CONT'D)
dialog: But how can you sanction bringing a
dialog: girl, for argument’s sake let’s say
dialog: my child is a girl, a child full of
dialog: hope and naive belief into a
dialog: world...when that little girl grows
dialog: to be a young woman and looks you
dialog: in the eyes and says, ‘You knew all
dialog: along, didn’t you?’ What do you say
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: You say what a father has always
dialog: said. “I love you without
dialog: qualification.”
text: Michael responds with a sardonic smile.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
text: There is something growing inside
text: Mary. Something as surely alive as
text: a tree or an endangered species.
dialog: Something filled with nature’s
dialog: beauty. You speak of
dialog: “sanctioning” this birth-- is it
dialog: really your decision? Do you have
dialog: that right? What does Mary think?
text: Michael doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: It is her decision?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: You've told her that?
dialog: (Michael nods)
dialog: So it is not about the child. Or
dialog: about Mary. It is about you and
dialog: your despair. Your lack of hope.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Throughout history humans have
text: woken up in the dead of night,
text: confronted by blackness. The sense
dialog: that life is without meaning. The
text: Suffering Unto Death.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: But this is something new.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Man’s achievements have brought him
dialog: to a great place where life as we
dialog: know it may cease in the
dialog: foreseeable future. That is new.
dialog: Our powerlessness. The blackness
dialog: is not. Because we are people of
dialog: science we like to solve things. We
dialog: want rational responses. If
dialog: humankind can’t overcome its
dialog: immediate interests to ensure its
dialog: survival, that requires a rational
dialog: response. And that response is
dialog: despair.
text: He lets this sit a moment.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you believe there is existence
dialog: apart from this...?
text: Gestures to indicate the material world.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Before us? After us?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yeah.
text: They continue as Toller speaks over:
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I felt like I was Jacob wrestling
dialog: all night long with the angel.
text: Fighting in the grasp. Every
dialog: sentence, every question, every
text: response a mortal struggle.
dialog: Fighting for existence itself. It
dialog: was exhilarating.
text: Michael brings us back to the moment:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: «+-Do you believe in martyrdom,
dialog: Reverend?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I’m not sure what you mean.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The Saints of God, the early
dialog: Christians who would not renounce
dialog: their faith, the missionaries
dialog: attacked in the jungle--do you
dialog: believe they died for a purpose?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Every week activists are killed
dialog: protecting the environment. One
dialog: hundred and seventeen last year.
dialog: For their beliefs.
text: Michael points to a photo of a framed middle-aged Brazilian
text: couple posing in an Amazonian logging camp. Black ribbon
text: curtains the upper corners.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (CONT'D)
dialog: José Claudio Ribeiro da Silva and
text: his wife Maria were gunned down in
dialog: 2011 in the Amazon. They protested
text: free cutting of the rain forest.
dialog: Dorothy Stang, 2005, a nun from
dialog: Ohio. What was the purpose of their
dialog: deaths? In 2010 the IPCC predicted
dialog: that if dramatic action was not
dialog: taken by 2015, environmental
dialog: collapse would be irreversible.
dialog: Nothing was done. It’s now 2017.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: You said you respected me. What I'd
dialog: gone through.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: You know my story?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You were a chaplain.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: My father taught at VMI. I
dialog: encouraged my son to enlist. It was
dialog: the family tradition. Like his
dialog: father, his grandfather. Patriotic
dialog: tradition. My wife was very
dialog: opposed. But he enlisted against
dialog: her wishes.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Six months later he was killed in
dialog: Iraq. There was no moral
dialog: justification for this conflict. My
dialog: wife could not live with me after
dialog: that. Who could blame her? I left
dialog: the military. Rev Jeffers at
dialog: Abundant Life Church heard about my
dialog: situation. They offered me a
dialog: position at First Reformed. And
dialog: here I am.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Michael, whatever despair you feel
dialog: about bringing a child into this
dialog: world cannot equal the despair of
text: taking a child out of it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What was his name? Your son?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Joseph.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
text: The boy thrown in the well.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: And you were able to go on?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: The Old Calvinists used to preach a
dialog: doctrine called the “Unforgiveable
dialog: Sin.” You don’t hear about it any
dialog: more. It was the sin against the
dialog: Holy Spirit. It was the sin against
dialog: Hope. The only sin that lies beyond
dialog: forgiveness.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It comes down to choice. We choose
dialog: hope or despair. We cannot avoid
dialog: choosing. We are not free to not
dialog: decide. It’s what we truly are.
dialog: Courage is the solution to
dialog: despair.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Reason offers no answers. We cannot
dialog: be certain what the future holds.
dialog: We must choose despite uncertainty.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Wisdom is the ability to hold two
dialog: contradictory thoughts in your mind
text: simultaneously. Hope and despair. A
dialog: life without despair is a life
dialog: without hope. Holding those ideas
dialog: in your head together is life.
dialog: Itself.
text: Pause. The conversation is winding down. Looks at a lonely
dialog: liquor bottle:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Are you a drinking man, Reverend?
text: He’s inviting Toller to join him.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It doesn’t help.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, I suppose not.
text: Toller finishes the last of his tea.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I’ll stay as long as you need me.
dialog: There’s no place I need to be.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Can God forgive us? For what we
dialog: have done to this world?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I don’t know. Who can know the mind
dialog: of God? Perhaps we are a way
dialog: station. But we can choose. To live
dialog: the righteous life, to believe, to
dialog: forgive. Grace covers us all.
text: Michael looks away. Checks his watch.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: We will speak again. Promise me
dialog: that.
dialog: (Michael hesitates)
dialog: I won’t leave until you promise.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
text: Tomorrow at this time. After lunch.
dialog: (Michael nods)
dialog: Are you working tomorrow?
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I haven't heard.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: So it’s a plan then. Tomorrow at
dialog: this time.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes. It’s a plan.
text: Toller stands and, unsure what to do, awkwardly embraces
text: Michael. Michael responds.
text: Toller opens the door, exits, closes the door behind him.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: MOISTURE AGAINST THE WINDOWPANE
scene_heading: EXT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 16
text: Snow falls on the parsonage.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE DEN - NIGHT 17
text: Toller writes in his journal by incandescent light. We see
text: some of his words in closeup as he writes them. A glass of
text: scotch rests on the table beside him.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I went over everything that was
dialog: said, what should have been said,
dialog: what could have been said
dialog: differently, what could have been
dialog: said better.
text: He takes a sip.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: Despair is a form of pride. “I know
dialog: that nothing can change and I know
dialog: there is no hope.” Merton wrote
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Despair is a development of pride
dialog: so great that it chooses one’s
dialog: certitude rather than admit God is
dialog: more creative than we are. Perhaps
dialog: it’s better I didn’t say that to
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE BATHROOM - NIGHT 18
text: Propping one hand against the wall, Toller urinates into the
text: toilet. His urine runs dark brown.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE BEDROOM - NIGHT 19
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: Who am I to talk about pride?
text: Toller kneels at his bedside in prayer.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE KITCHEN - DAY 20
text: Toller sits at the kitchen table. He tears bread from a loaf,
text: eats it. Downs it with a sip of scotch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TUESDAY MORNING TOUR
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED CEMETERY - DAY 21
text: Toller, in his civilian clothes, speaks with a MIDDLE AGED
text: COUPLE and a COLLEGE STUDENT in the snowy church graveyard.
text: The guests hold printed pamphlets detailing the history of
dialog: First Reformed.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: .--completed in 1765 in a style we
dialog: now call Dutch Colonial by settlers
dialog: in this region with local field
dialog: stones and timber, First Reformed
dialog: took seven years to build.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: The Vei Plancks were one of the
dialog: founding families. Effie’s
dialog: tombstone dates from 1787.
scene_heading: 22 INT. FIRST REFORMED - DAY 22
text: The tour continues inside the sanctuary.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: The church was partially rebuilt in
dialog: 1837 following a fire. This section
dialog: was preserved. Beside the
dialog: Continental Army flag, if you look
text: closely, are two bullet holes fired
dialog: during what was called the Skirmish
dialog: of Snowbridge.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
dialog: Do you still have services?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Oh yes, Sunday services are each
dialog: week at 10 am. First Reformed is
dialog: the third oldest church in
dialog: continuous operation in New York
dialog: State. In a month we will celebrate
dialog: our two hundred fiftieth
dialog: anniversary.
scene_heading: 23 INT. FIRST REFORMED ENTRANCE - DAY 23
text: They stand before a breakfront near the entrance. Behind the
text: glass are mementoes of church history and souvenirs.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: ...-here are examples of the
dialog: original church chinaware brought
dialog: over from the Netherlands. And the
text: first chalice. On the lower shelf
text: are souvenirs which are for sale.
dialog: Key rings, pens, postcards, caps
dialog: and T shirts, although we only have
dialog: the shirts in size S. We’re waiting
dialog: for more to come in.
text: The College Student reaches for a cap.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Try it on. One size fits all.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
scene_heading: INT. FIRST REFORMED CHOIR LOFT - DAY 24
text: They stand in the choir loft beside a large pipe organ. The
dialog: College Student holds a “First Reformed Snowbridge NY”
dialog: baseball cap.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: The pulpit was donated by William
text: Mercer in 1879. The church organ
dialog: which unfortunately is not working
dialog: at this time was manufactured by
dialog: A.G. Hill in England.
speaker_heading: MIDLE-AGED MAN
dialog: Did you hear the one about the
dialog: Choir Mistress and the Minister?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: No, I haven’t.
speaker_heading: MIDLE-AGED MAN
text: She chased him around the church
text: and caught him by the organ.
text: The Middle-Aged woman elbows her husband as he laughs. Toller
text: responds with a polite chuckle.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I hadn’t heard that one.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - DAY 25
text: Outside the church, Toller wishes the group farewell as they
text: thank him. The College Student straightens his new cap as he
dialog: walks.
text: The Middle-Aged Man walks away then steps back to slip a
text: folded bill into Toller’s palm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ABUNDANT LIFE
scene_heading: EXT. ABUNDANT LIFE CHURCH - DAY 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
text: The campus like environs of the Abundant Life in Christ
dialog: Church of Christian Fellowship: a main Fellowship Hall,
text: several ancillary buildings and acres of parking. A large
dialog: sign lists the pastoral staff and hours of the services. “All
dialog: Welcome.” “Lead Pastor Joel Jeffers.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A.L. FELLOWSHIP HALL - DAY 27
text: Inside the main fellowship hall, church workers and
dialog: volunteers are going about the multiple tasks which keep the
text: organization humming. The sound of vacuum cleaners. Several
text: workers clean the chancel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A.L. REHEARSAL ROOM - DAY 28
text: Inside the choir rehearsal room, Esther leads a group of six
text: teens, three boys and three girls of mixed backgrounds,
text: listen as Esther leads on a capella version of “Washed in the
dialog: blood”.
text: “WASHED IN THE BLOOD”
dialog: “Have you been to Jesus for the
dialog: cleansing pow’r,
dialog: Are you washed in the blood of the
dialog: Lamb?”.
text: The teen choir members, well scrubbed and fresh faces, brim
dialog: with adolescent sexuality.
text: Reverend Toller slips into the room, silently nods to Esther
text: and takes a seat.
text: The youth choir joins in on the next verse. A boy in the
text: second row slowly moves his hand behind the back of the
text: attractive girl behind him, letting his fingers, in time with
text: the lyrics, until it gently comes to rest above the crack of
text: her buttocks. She quickly brushes the boy’s hand away.
dialog: 29
text: Toller, touched by the melody and lyrics, cannot help also be
text: drawn to the garden of slender thighs, bulging crotches,
text: tight buttocks and pert breasts, each about to flower and
dialog: bloom.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Very good. Take five.
text: She walks over to Toller:
speaker_heading: ESTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: A penny for your thoughts.
text: He snaps out of his reverie:
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Joel wanted me to come by.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Nothing serious, I hope.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I assume not.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Want to have lunch?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I’ve got something after, but, well
dialog: sure, why not?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: (looking at teens)
dialog: Remember that?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: When everything was ahead of you.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Try to tell them that.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: See you then.
dialog: (to choir)
dialog: “In the garden.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A.L. OFFICE CORRIDOR - DAY 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
text: Toller walks down an office CORRIDOR. Voices and phones echo
text: from behind closed doors. His phone dings as he passes a
text: young man carrying the hymnals. Toller checks his messages:
text: “Michael called into work. Wants to reschedule meeting for
dialog: tomorrow. Mary.”
text: Toller pockets his phone, enters the open door with the
dialog: nameplate: “Joel Jeffers, Head Pastor.”
scene_heading: INT. JEFFERS’ OUTER OFFICE - DAY 30
text: Two SECRETARIES sit at computer terminals in the carpeted
dialog: room.
text: The walls are meticulously hung with awards, commendations
text: and famous photos. It feels like corporate headquarters.
text: The FIRST SECRETARY looks, recognizes him with a smile:
speaker_heading: 1ST SECRETARY
dialog: Reverend Toller, go right in. He’s
dialog: expecting you.
text: Toller nods, enters JEFFERS’ OFFICE.
scene_heading: INT. JEFFERS’ OFFICE - DAY 31
text: JOEL JEFFERS, 60, looks up. Toller enters.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Rev. Toller. Good, sit down.
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: Matt, make those two changes.
text: Toller and Jeffers sit. Joel Jeffers has a charismatic
text: presence. Fit, caramel-skinned, graying, he wears slacks and
text: a blue cardigan.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS (CONT'D)
dialog: Need water, anything?
dialog: (Toller shakes his head)
dialog: How are things at First Reformed?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Good. Busy. You know how it is. You
dialog: do one thing, then the next, then
dialog: it’s Sunday again.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: I wanted to ask about the 250th
text: Reconsecration. It’s right around
dialog: the corner.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Eight weeks.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: How's it coming?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: The invitations are being handled
dialog: by your office. We don’t have that
dialog: many seats. Your staff, the Elders
dialog: and Deacons, ecumenical
dialog: representatives, the Mayor, the
text: Governor--there’s no overflow room.
dialog: The sanctuary, that’s it.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: We’1l simulcast the ceremony here
dialog: in the main hall. That’s five
dialog: thousand seats. Have the reception
text: afterward in the rotunda. Is the
dialog: organ fixed?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: They're waiting on parts. It’s a
dialog: bigger deal than they thought.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Can’t have a reconsecration without
text: an organ.
dialog: (pantomimes playing organ)
dialog: “AR Mighty Fortress is Our God.” Do
dialog: you know Martin Luther wrote that
text: sitting in the outhouse. “A
dialog: Mighty”...
dialog: (grunt)
dialog: “Fortress”...
dialog: (grunt)
dialog: “Is our God.”
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I think every seminarian knows that
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
text: Can't get the image out of my mind.
dialog: Every time we play that song I look
dialog: at the congregation and know
dialog: everybody is thinking the same
dialog: thing.
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS (CONT'D)
dialog: Prepared your remarks yet?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
text: The memorial program comes off the
dialog: press at the end of the month.
dialog: We’re working on my address. When
dialog: we have a draft I want to run it by
dialog: you. Make sure everything is right.
dialog: Ed Balq would like to meet with us,
dialog: have a coffee.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Balgq Industries?
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: He thinks this is a real
dialog: opportunity. An important moment in
dialog: the history of the church, the
dialog: county. There’1l be national media.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Wow.
text: Jeffers looks at him. Joel leans forward, strikes a personal
dialog: note:
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: I mean really. It’s been a while
dialog: since we've spoken. Even a pastor
dialog: needs a pastor. We’re overdue for a
dialog: talk. Just you, me.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: That would be nice.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: You should come around more often.
dialog: There are so many activities you
dialog: could help with. The young people
dialog: really like you. Get out of--what
dialog: do the kids call it? The museum?
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: The souvenir shop. They call it
text: the souvenir shop.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: You're doing a great thing.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Thank you again for the
dialog: opportunity.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: No, we thank you.
scene_heading: INT. A.L. CAFETERIA - DAY
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 32
text: Toller and Esther carry trays from the cashier, find seats.
text: The walls are hung with posters of inspirational images,
dialog: quotes and Bible verses.
text: A group of church TEENS passes by, greeting Esther, giving
text: Toller a wary eye. Esther and Toller arrange their plates and
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: How was Jeffers?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: He wants me to meet with Ed Balq.
dialog: (shed lifts her eyebrows)
dialog: Balgq Industries, Balq Energy, Balq
dialog: Chicken, Balq Peanuts, Balq
dialog: whatnots.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Why?
text: Toller starts to speaks but is stopped by a short coughing
text: fit. He resumes:
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It’s all about the 250th
dialog: Reconsecration. Balq wants to make
dialog: sure he gets proper credit for
text: underwriting it.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: He should. First Reformed would be
text: a parking lot if it wasn’t for him.
dialog: Did you see the doctor?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I made an appointment. There was
text: a holdup with the insurance. The
dialog: insurance companies make it very
dialog: hard.
text: Esther is not quite sure this is the exact truth.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Well, that’s what they do. You need
dialog: someone to take care of you.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Esther, we tried that. I’m not made
dialog: for that.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: For what? Love? You’re not made for
dialog: love?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: My marriage was a failure.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: No marriage can survive the loss of
text: a child.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Esther.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Is that what you think? That what
dialog: we did together was a sin? That we
dialog: trangressed?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I don’t believe that. I’ve seen
dialog: enough real sin to know the
dialog: difference. Okay?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: (backs off)
dialog: Okay. I understand. I care about
dialog: you. I want you to be happy.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I am happy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: IN THE GARDEN
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED CEMETERY - DAY 33
text: Toller, wearing his cassock, lifts up a fallen tombstone.
text: This seems not so much a practical task but a personal one: a
dialog: form of being.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: Some are called for their
dialog: gregariousness, some are called for
dialog: their suffering, others are called
dialog: for their loneliness. They are
dialog: called by God because through the
dialog: vessel of communication they can
text: reach out and hold beating hearts
dialog: in their hands. They are called
dialog: because of their all consuming
dialog: knowledge of the emptiness of all
dialog: things that only can be filled by
dialog: the presence of Our Savior.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - DEN - NIGHT 34
text: CLOSEUP. These words as they are written in his diary.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY 35
text: Toller’s cell phone rings. He sets down the brush, removes
text: his phone from his cassock.
speaker_heading: MARY (0.S.)
dialog: Reverend Toller?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Yes. Mary?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It’s me.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I got your message. About
dialog: rescheduling.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You must come over. Now.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Is Michael there?
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, he’s at work. You must come
text: over. Now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: TOLLER AND MARY AND THE SECRET IN THE GARAGE
scene_heading: EXT. MENSANA HOUSE - GOLDEN HOUR 36
text: The winter light is fading as Toller pulls into Michael and
text: Mary's driveway. She stands on the front porch. Toller
text: approaches her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Follow me.
text: They walk around the house to the clapboard GARAGE out back.
text: She opens the creaky garage door. They step inside.
scene_heading: INT. MENSANA GARAGE - NIGHT 37
text: Mary flips on and overhead bulb. The interior is a collage of
text: tools, trash and abandoned projects. Two well maintained
text: aluminum bikes hang on wall racks.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I was looking for some batteries.
dialog: We were out and I thought there
dialog: might be some here, you know,
text: Mary works her way through stacks of junk as she reaches the
text: far end of the garage where a rectangular wooden box like
text: those used to transport Western rifles is stacked with
text: discarded items.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I put everything back just as I
dialog: found it. I wanted you to see it
dialog: just as it was.
text: Mary places the objects atop the box on the concrete floor,
text: then opens the box itself. Toller looks inside, not sure of
text: what he sees.
text: She lifts the item inside out so that Toller can see it. It’s
text: immediately recognizable from news reports and Hollywood
dialog: movies.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
text: An explosive vest.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: A suicide vest. Other elements are
dialog: here. Batteries, detonators, tubes
text: of jelly.
text: Toller looks closer.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
text: He’s been working in the garage. He
dialog: said he was fixing a motor. I
dialog: didn’t question him. He’s been so
dialog: lonely lately I was happy he found
dialog: something that made him happy.
text: Toller furrows his brow. What to say?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Did you have any...?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. No suspicion. Nothing like
dialog: this.
dialog: (looks away)
dialog: I can’t believe this.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Does Michael have any hint you know
dialog: about this?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: When does he come back?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Later tonight. After closing. Ten
dialog: PM.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Okay. I will take this. This cannot
dialog: remain here. I will dispose of it.
dialog: Don’t let on. Put everything back
dialog: the way it was.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Are you going to the police?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: You don’t want that, do you?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It wouldn’t help. It would only
dialog: make things worse. It does no good
dialog: to threaten him. Don’t let on you
dialog: know about this. I will come and
dialog: see him tomorrow. Somehow tomorrow,
dialog: in the course of our conversation,
dialog: I will bring this up.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm so frightened.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I don’t think Michael wants to die.
dialog: I don’t think he wants to abandon
text: his child. He is in torment. But
text: there is an end to torment. He
dialog: needs support. Are you afraid of
dialog: him?
dialog: (she doesn’t understand)
dialog: Afraid he might hurt you?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I’m afraid for him.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Have other activists been around,
dialog: called him?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Nobody. He has no friends. He’s
dialog: been barely sociable.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: You will stand by him?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DISCERNMENT
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: Al
dialog: 42
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE BATHROOM - NIGHT 38
text: Toller, using a plunger, struggles with the toilet. It’s
text: backed up.
text: He takes a bottle of Drano, pours it into the bowl.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
text: Discernment intersects with
dialog: Christian life at every moment.
dialog: Listening and waiting for God's
dialog: wish what action must be taken.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 39
text: Toller lies fully clothed on the bed.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: My petty ailments have made me bad
dialog: tempered. I fight the urge to write
dialog: down the thoughts which come to my
dialog: mind.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 40
text: Toller is bent over, clutching his stomach.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: The desire to pray itself is a type
dialog: of prayer. How often we ask for
dialog: genuine experience when all we
dialog: really want is emotion. My hand
dialog: shakes as I write these lines.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE DEN - NIGHT 41
text: CLOSEUP: Clean shot of journal.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: COME ALONE
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - DAY 42
dialog: 43
text: A white “Bissel Music” truck is parked outside the church:
dialog: “Pianos Organs--sales, service, repair, moving.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY - DAY 43
text: Two Bissel REPAIRMEN have opened the pipe organ cover and
text: exposed its inner workings. One sits at the keyboard as the
text: other adjusts the ancient pipes. Familiar sounds of organ
text: notes echo through the church.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I didn’t expect you for another two
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: 1ST REPAIRMAN
dialog: We got a message from the boss. He
dialog: said it was a top priority.
speaker_heading: 2ND REPAIRMAN
dialog: You are having a big event here?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It’s the two hundred fiftieth
dialog: anniversary of the Church. They are
dialog: expecting a lot of important
dialog: people.
text: The repairmen seem impressed. The lst Repairman testing,
text: plays the opening notes of “A Mighty Fortress is Our God.”
text: Toller smiles.
text: Toller’s cell phone DINGS. He takes out his phone, checks the
dialog: messages.
dialog: There is a message from Michael: “Meet me at the Westbrook
text: Park Trail. East entrance. The red diamond trail. Come
dialog: alone.”
text: Toller punches in a phone number. Mary answers.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mary, this is Reverend Toller. Is
dialog: Michael there?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Do you know where he is?
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He’s out.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Did he come home last night?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes. He left without saying
dialog: anything this morning.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Reverend?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: He was up during the night.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: THE RED DIAMOND TRAIL
scene_heading: EXT. WESTBROOK PARK -— DAY 44
text: Toller exits his Toyota in the parking area by the ice
text: covered pond. Michael's car is parked nearby. Geese scatter
text: as he checks the trail map. He locates the red diamond trail,
text: heads that direction.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIL - DAY 45
text: Walking up the wooded path, Toller is soon surrounded by
text: trees and greenery. He might as well be in the wilderness.
text: He proceeds along the trail with increasing foreboding.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Michael?
text: Ahead, he sees what he fears: two work boots emerge from the
text: underbrush. A shotgun lies nearby.
text: Toller walks beside Michael’s body. He looks to recognize him
text: but realizes the body has no head. It has been completely
text: blown off. Just a massive red stain.
text: Stepping further he locates the remains of Michael’s skull.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
text: He takes out his phone and dials 911.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTBROOK PARKING AREA - DAY 46
text: An EMS truck and two police cars sit in the parking area,
text: their lights flashing.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTBROOK PARK TRAIL - DAY 47
text: The area around Michael’s body has been cordoned off with
text: crime scene tape. Two EMS workers lug a stretcher up the hill
text: as a crime scene photographer takes pictures.
text: Toller stands beside the local SHERIFF. The Sheriff, holding
text: Michael Mensana’s wallet, looks at the phone text message
text: Toller shows him.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: He had been fighting depression. We
dialog: were supposed to meet again today.
dialog: I knew he was in trouble, but I
dialog: didn’t foresee this.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Were you in touch with the
dialog: immediate family?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: His wife Mary asked me to meet with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Did she know about your text?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: No. But she was concerned. We both
dialog: were concerned.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Have you notified her?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: I guess that’s where I’m headed.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Can I come along?
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (nods )
dialog: I knew his father.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: What was he like?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
text: A businessman. Morbid son of a
dialog: bitch. I guess it runs in the
dialog: blood.
text: The Crime Scene Examiner indicates he’s finished, waves
text: forward the stretcher bearers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MICHAEL'S LAST WISHES
scene_heading: EXT. MENSANA PORCH - DAY 48
text: Toller and the Sheriff stand on the porch speaking with Mary.
text: Toller holds her as she sobs.
text: After a few more moments the Sheriff excuses himself and
text: walks to his patrol car. Drives off.
text: Toller and Mary step inside.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 49
text: Toller looks around, takes a seat.
text: She returns with his tea, takes a seat.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Have you told anyone?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: If you find any more...similiar
dialog: things, just discard them if it’s
dialog: safe. Bury them, burn them. Michael
dialog: was troubled but his cause was
dialog: just. There’s no reason to bring
dialog: disrepute on that cause.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you an activist as well?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I share Michael’s beliefs. But I
dialog: want to live. I want to be a
dialog: mother. I want to have this child.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Do you have family nearby?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My sister. She’s in Buffalo.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Have you spoken with your doctor?
dialog: I’m not sure what medications are
dialog: permissible during pregnancy but
dialog: I’m sure he can give you something
dialog: to relax you, help you sleep.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT’D)
dialog: He’d been in the garage?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: And said nothing?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: This is cut and dried from the
dialog: police point of view, but it might
dialog: be good to straighten up his
text: office. Remove his laptop.
text: She stands.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He left a message for you.
text: She walks in Michael’s office, returns with a sealed letter
text: envelope, hands it to him. It’s labeled: “For Reverend
dialog: Toller”
text: Toller hesitates, then unseals the envelope. The letter
dialog: reads:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL MENSANA
dialog: Last Will and Testament
dialog: Instructions for My Internment
text: Toller winces.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I knew.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: He was absent. He was becoming
dialog: someone I didn’t know. Even before
dialog: I was pregnant. He was so full of
dialog: anger.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I stayed while she called her
dialog: sister. Her sister was going to
dialog: drive down. Her parents would come
dialog: for the final rights.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THAT NIGHT
scene_heading: 50 INT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 50
text: Toller writes in his journal.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: A terrible night. No sooner than I
dialog: shut my eyes desolation came upon
dialog: me. What is one’s last thought as
dialog: you pull the trigger? “There goes
dialog: my head” or “Jesus watch over me?”
dialog: Or neither? I’m going to tear these
dialog: pages out. This journal brings me
dialog: no peace. It’s self-pity, nothing
dialog: more.
text: Toller, at his computer, researches “Hanstown, NY.” Michael
text: Will and Testiment lies open beside him. “Hanstown Paint
text: Works and Storage.” He brings up images. A red triangular
text: pollution warning sign stands next a rusting ship.
dialog: “Groundwater around the site was later found contaminated
dialog: with arsenic, lead, PCBs.”
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I awoke at three with a cry. It has
dialog: been five months since I sensed the
text: first warning signs.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - NIGHT 51
text: Toller walks the dark path from the Parsonage to the Church.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I went into the church and fell
text: asleep on a bench.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST REFORMED —- SANCTUARY - NIGHT 52
text: He goes into the SANCTUARY, curls up on a pew bench.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: How easily they talk about prayer
dialog: those who have never really prayed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OLD ROCKIN’ CROSS
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - DAY 53
text: Plexiglas sign: “February 6, 250th Anniversary and
dialog: Reconsecration Service.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY - DAY 54
text: John Elder plays the newly repaired pipe organ, starting with
text: the opening cords of “Old Rugged Cross.” A smile spreads
text: across his face: “So I’ll cherish the old rugged cross, Till
dialog: my trophies at last I lay down...”
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: This sounds great. I’m going to
dialog: have to sharpen my chops for the
dialog: reconsecration. Do you know what
dialog: they want to play?
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Not a clue. Abundant Life is
text: handling the invites and seating.
dialog: Basically I’m going to introduce
dialog: Joel, he'll give a little spiel,
dialog: introduce the Governor, maybe Ed
dialog: Balq.
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: Why him?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It’s sort of his deal, I guess.
dialog: He’s underwriting everything. He
dialog: paid for the organ. There’s another
dialog: music thing I want to talk about.
text: Elder ups the tempo of “Old Rugged Cross.” Soon it’s moving
text: at a be-bopping clip (“Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree”).
text: Toller waves him off with a laugh.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Actually, it’s a sad bit of
dialog: business. The Michael Mensana
text: memorial. The scattering of his
dialog: ashes. He asked me to arrange it.
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: He asked you?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: He left a letter. He had some
dialog: requests.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: YOUTH MINISTRY
scene_heading: EXT. A.L. CHURCH - DAY 55
dialog: The Abundant Life Church in Christ and Christian Fellowship.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A.L. BOOKSTORE - DAY 56
dialog: 57
text: Toller wanders through the expansive Abundant Life bookstore
text: and gift shop. One wall displays Abundant Life publications.
text: Pastor Joel Jeffers smiling face beams from a wide assortment
text: of books, CDs and DVDs. Elsewhere clothes racks are hung with
text: Abundant Life hoodies, T-shirts and polos.
text: He steps over to the counter which displays pen sets,
text: wristbands and lanyards. The YOUNG FEMALE CLERK notices him:
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Reverend Toller, can I help you?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I’ve been meaning to come in. We've
text: run out of First Reformed T-shirts.
dialog: We have some small sizes, but not
dialog: the others.
scene_heading: INT. A.L. MEETING ROOM - DAY 57
text: Toller sits with ROGER, 27, a muscled youth minister, and a
text: group of young people in a CHURCH MEETING ROOM. Roger, ina
text: black T shirt, has Bible texts tattooed along his bare arms.
dialog: JASON, 18, offers testimony:
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ...-Since I made my commitment I
dialog: have felt the Lord moving in my
dialog: life. If happiness came in pill
dialog: size it would have “JC” stamped on
dialog: it. Continuous release size. I wake
dialog: up feeling better. My relationships
dialog: are better. I got a raise last
dialog: week. I find myself in prayer
text: without even thinking about it.
text: Toller doesn’t know quite how to react. Jason is so clearly
text: spouting what he thinks he is supposed to say it’s hard to
dialog: know where the truth begins.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Thank you, Jason. That’s very
dialog: inspiring. Praise Jesus. My every
dialog: breath is a prayer. Thoughts,
dialog: reactions?
text: After a moment, CYNTHIA, 17, half raises her hand.
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, Cynthia?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Three months ago my father got laid
dialog: off. He can’t find any work. Nobody
dialog: loves the Lord more than my father.
dialog: He’s always testifying, he
dialog: volunteers. Did he do something
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Reverend Toller from First Reformed
dialog: is siting in with us today. How do
dialog: you answer that, Reverend?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: There are some church people, good
dialog: Christians, who make a connection
dialog: between godliness and wealth, but
dialog: that’s not what Jesus teaches.
dialog: That’s not what He lived. There was
text: no dollar sign on His pulpit.
dialog: There’s no American flag either.
dialog: No, Cynthia, your father--
text: JAKE, an arrogant kid, interjects:
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Christians shouldn’t succeed, that
dialog: what he means. Christianity is for
dialog: losers.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (reprimands )
dialog: Jake.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I get tired of “turn the other
dialog: cheek.” Jesus didn’t turn the other
dialog: cheek. Why stand for anything? Take
dialog: prayer out of the schools, give
dialog: money to people too lazy to work--
dialog: and whatever you do, don’t offend
dialog: the Muslims.
scene_heading: 58 INT. CAFETERIA - DAY 58
text: Toller sips tea with Joel Jeffers in the near empty room.
text: Lunch hour is past.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: What is it? Honest, Joel. I bring
dialog: up the poor and the next thing a
dialog: teenager acts like you just shit on
dialog: the American flag. Forgive my
dialog: language.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Roger told me.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: He’s a good man.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: He said you kept your cool. He
dialog: admired you for doing that.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Everything is so extreme.
dialog: There’s no middle ground. Us versus
dialog: them. We’re right, they’re wrong
dialog: let’s go to war.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: It's the times. These are
dialog: frightening times. These kids grow
dialog: up in a world we can hardly
dialog: imagine. A sea of pornography from
dialog: the time they’re ten years old,
dialog: hyper violent video games, a world
dialog: without privacy, each kid isolated,
text: communicating through media. A
text: world without hope. Raised on a
dialog: diet of terrorism, nuclear threats
dialog: and global warming. You don’t know
dialog: what it’s like to raise a kid in
dialog: this--
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I did raise a kid.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: I didn’t mean it that way. They’re
text: frightened. They want certainty.
dialog: Don’t think, follow. They fall prey
dialog: to extremism. Jihadism is
dialog: everywhere.
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: Even here.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: That’s not the church that called
dialog: me.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Nor me. Our mission is to be
dialog: inclusive. We are a union of
dialog: believers. That’s why we have the
dialog: architecture we do. We must listen,
dialog: guide, encourage young members to
dialog: express themselves and not judge
dialog: them. We must lead by example.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We must be patient.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SOUP KITCHEN
scene_heading: EXT. INNER CITY - DAY (OMIT) 59
scene_heading: INT. SOUP KITCHEN - DAY 60
text: Reverend Toller, wearing a clerical collar, white apron and a
text: white paper hat, stands next to another volunteer dishing out
text: hot lunches to a line of men and women on society’s margin. A
dialog: sign reads, “The Free Meal Center. Volunteers and Donations
dialog: Support out Efforts.”
dialog: Esther also works as a volunteer. She’s here because Toller
text: is. She glances at him. He looks away.
text: While doing so, he TIPS a lunch tray into the hands of a
text: PARAPLEGIC WAR VET in a wheel chair. Soup and pork and bean
text: spill on the Vet’s lap and onto the floor.
text: The Vet, unkept, bearded, wears military patches on his army
text: jacket. A tiny American flag is fixed to the back of his
text: wheel chair.
text: Toller apologetically kneels down, attempting to right his
text: mistake. Esther joins bearing a roll of paper towels.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: TILL MY TROPHIES I LAY DOWN
scene_heading: EXT. HANSTOWN KILLS - DAY 61
text: A line of cars are parked along a two lane road beside the
text: brackish Kills. A makeshift platform has been erected beside
text: the polluted greenish stream. The Hanstown paint factory,
text: dilapidated, deserted, stands in the distance. A red
text: triangular sign pictures a gas mask above the word
dialog: “Pollution.”
text: Twenty mourners have assembled for the memorial. For the most
text: part they are Michael's friends and fellow activists. Mary is
text: there with her parents, her sister and brother-in-law and
text: their young child. As is Esther with her a capella choir
dialog: group.
text: A MOURNER records with a digital camera, panning from Toller
text: to Mary’s nephew who reacts to the foul smelling creek.
text: John Elder stands at his keyboard. Toller reads from his worn
dialog: Bible:
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Then the Lord spoke to Job out of
dialog: the storm. He said: “Who is this
dialog: that obscures my plans with words
dialog: without knowledge? Where were you
dialog: when I laid the earth’s foundation?
dialog: Who marked off its dimensions? Who
dialog: laid its cornerstone while the
dialog: morning stars sang together and all
dialog: the angels shouted for joy?”...
text: TIMECUT. Mary stands beside Toller holding a plain urn
text: bearing Michael’s ashes.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: These surroundings were chosen by
dialog: Michael as the repository for his
dialog: physical remains. I say physical
dialog: because Michael’s spirt and
dialog: memories live on with us. As does
dialog: his mission. Michael cared about
dialog: this world. Perhaps too much.
dialog: Suffering does not hold. Is not the
text: last word. Resurrection has sway.
text: He’s gone but not his mission. It
dialog: lives on within us. Mary will lead
dialog: family and friends in the spreading
text: of Michael’s ashes as the Abundant
dialog: Life Youth a capella Choir sings a
dialog: song chosen by Michael.
text: Esther escorts the four person Youth Choir up the steps onto
text: the platform. They wear matching khaki pants and blue polos.
text: They arrange themselves, look at Esther. She blows her
text: register whistle, cues them to begin.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
text: The Youth Choir performs an a capella version of Neil Young’s
dialog: “Who will stand up?”.
text: Mary followed by immediate family and friends walks to the
text: polluted creek carrying the urn. They take turns distributing
text: the ashes into the foul waters.
text: Beginning with the second version John Elder underscores the
text: Youth Choir. The mix of the music, harsh lyrics, barren
text: landscape and solemn occasion creates a surreal tableau.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MEET EDWARD BALQ
scene_heading: EXT. MILLIE’S PANCAKE HOUSE - DAY 62
text: An 80's restaurant in a strip mall complex.
text: A black SUV pulls in front. The DRIVER gets out to open the
text: rear door but the door opens before he reaches it. EDWARD
text: BALQ, 65, steps out wearing an off the rack suit and holding
text: a large envelope. Balq checks his watch, speaks to the
text: driver, holds up his phone. The driver nods, gets back in the
text: SUV as Balq enters the restaurant.
scene_heading: INT. PANCAKE HOUSE - DAY 63
text: Balgq is greeted with smiles and hellos. The OWNER shakes his
text: hand as he leads Balg to his regular table in the rear.
text: Reverend Toller and Pastor Jeffers, seated together, look up
text: as Balq walks over, shakes Joel’s hand.
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: Sorry I’m late. Got held up.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: You know Reverend Toller.
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: Just by sight. Ed Balg. Good to
dialog: meet you.
text: Toller greets him as Ed sits.
speaker_heading: BALQ (CONT'D)
dialog: (to owner)
dialog: Bring me a coffee. And the apple
dialog: pie.
dialog: (to Toller and Jeffers)
dialog: The apple pie--I know it’s a
dialog: cliche. Organic. They make it right
dialog: here. Local.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve got a surprise for you.
text: Balgq sets his phone on the table top, opens the manila
text: envelope. He extracts two 8x11 softbound books, passes them
dialog: over:
speaker_heading: BALQ (CONT'D)
text: I stopped at the printer on the way
dialog: over.
text: The cover of the booklet features a 18th Century drawing of
dialog: First Reformed with the title: “First Reformed Church, 1765-
dialog: 2015, 250 Years of Faith and Service.”
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: They did a great job.
text: Toller and Jeffers page through the handsome booklet. There
text: are photos from colonial times, the fire of 1837, a lake side
text: church picnic, a funeral in the churchyard. On the back cover
text: is a picture of Abundant Life and insert photo of Pastor
dialog: Jeffers.
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: All the guests at the
dialog: reconsecration will get a copy.
dialog: There'll also be a mailing. And of
dialog: course it will be available in the
dialog: bookstore. How are the plans
dialog: coming?
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: The organ’s been repaired?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It sounds better than ever before.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: We've drawn up a seating chart.
text: Jeffers passes the seating chart to Balgq who gives it a quick
text: once over as a WAITRESS brings his coffee and pie.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS (CONT'D)
dialog: Mayor Wilson and the Governor will
dialog: be there. Head of National
dialog: Association of Evangelicals,
dialog: representatives from NCC, the
dialog: Office of the Chaplain. Then of
dialog: course the people from the business
dialog: community, the financial
dialog: community...
text: Toller, paging through the book, comes upon a two page spread
text: picturing all the ministers of First Reformed from colonial
dialog: times to present and their dates of service.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: All those mighty men of God,
dialog: servants of the cross. Years of
dialog: service--baptisms, confessions,
dialog: funerals, sermons. The hours in
dialog: prayer, the afflictions suffered.
dialog: Did God give them strength? Did He
dialog: hear them?
text: Balgq’s phone chimes. He looks at the message, ignores it.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: ...Reverend Toller will introduce
dialog: me, I’1l introduce the Governor.
dialog: There will be a song selection. The
dialog: main choir will perform at Abundant
dialog: Life--
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: There won't be anything political
dialog: will there?
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: No, why would there be?
text: Balg picks up a fork, turns to them:
dialog: He shows
dialog: It shows
dialog: Hanstown
dialog: headline
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: Do you mind?
dialog: (they demur)
dialog: I ask because this was brought to
dialog: my attention.
dialog: (unfolds a sheet of paper)
text: It’s a print-out from a website.
text: them a page from the Environmental Action website.
text: a photo of Toller in his clerical robe on the
text: Creek platform as Esther leads the Youth Choir. The
dialog: reads: “Solemn Memorial for Michael Mensana.”
speaker_heading: BALQ (CONT'D)
dialog: Both First Reformed and
dialog: Abundant Life are mentioned by
dialog: name.
dialog: (Pause for effect)
dialog: This was a political event.
dialog: Neil Young?
text: Jeffers looks to Toller.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I was respecting the wishes of the
dialog: deceased and the widow. These were
dialog: their instructions for the memorial
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: BALQ
text: At a toxic waste site with the
dialog: press in attendance?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: The press was not notified. These
dialog: are Mensana’s friends.
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: It was a political act. You and the
dialog: choir represented the Abundant Life
dialog: Church. The Hanstown Kills site, by
dialog: the way, is not even polluted. It
text: was cleaned up with EPA superfunds.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Hanstown was not--—?
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: Of course not, but give me some
dialog: credit. I’m in the energy business.
dialog: It’s my business to stay informed.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Sorry. Reverend Toller didn’t
dialog: understand the implications.
text: They turn to Toller for a response.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Mind if I ask a question?
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Will God forgive us?
dialog: (Balg is confused)
dialog: Will God forgive us for what we are
dialog: doing to his creation?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: That was the question Michael
dialog: Mensana asked me when I visited
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: There’s a lot of loose talk about
dialog: environmental change.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: There is a scientific consensus.
dialog: Ninety-seven percent of the
dialog: scientific community. The “other”
dialog: side consists of lobbyists and paid
dialog: deniers.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: The man who says nothing always
dialog: seems more intelligent. Why
dialog: couldn’t I just keep silent?
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: It’s a complicated subject.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: What is the benefit? Cui bono?
dialog: Setting aside the Biblical call to
dialog: stewardship, who profits when we
dialog: soil our own nest? What is to gain?
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: Could we just agree to keep
dialog: politics out of the reconsecration
dialog: service?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: What God wants--
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: You know the mind of God? He spoke
dialog: to you personally, told you His
dialog: plans for earth?
dialog: (shifts tone)
dialog: Look, I understand you’re upset.
dialog: You found the body, correct?
text: Toller nods.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: We were supposed to meet. He texted
dialog: me the location.
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: And you counseled him, Reverend?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: You counseled him. Then he shot
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Yes.
dialog: His point is made.
speaker_heading: BALQ
dialog: I think you need to step back,
dialog: Reverend. Look at your own life
dialog: before you criticize others.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: IDYLLIC RESPITE
scene_heading: 64 EXT. BIKE TRAIL - DAY 64
text: Reverend Toller and Mary, bundled up, bicycle along an
text: idyllic rail trail converted for jogging and cycling.
text: She smiles. Toller downshifts, relaxes. For the moment they
text: seem to have left their cares behind.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: Mary and I rode the rail line
dialog: trail. I had not ridden a bicycle I
dialog: think in twenty years. I was afraid
dialog: I would fall. It is amazing the
dialog: simple curative power of exercise.
dialog: It’s God given.
text: They ride down the crest of a hill and around a turn.
text: Toller smiles for the first time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 65 EXT. MENSANA HOUSE - GARAGE - DAY 65
text: Mary watches Toller lift an aluminum bike, place it on the
text: wall rack in the GARAGE.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thank you again. Michael and I used
dialog: to cycle twice a week. I missed it
dialog: so much.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It’s been a long time. I enjoyed
dialog: it. But it was under protest.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Because?
dialog: (indicates her stomach)
dialog: I asked my doctor.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Just the same.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Can I ask another favor?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Would you box up Michael’s clothes?
dialog: Or find someone to do it?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Are you sure you want to give them
dialog: away so quickly?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Not give it away. Just box them up.
dialog: It just so difficult to be
text: surrounded by all those smells.
dialog: Memories.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I can do it.
text: He looks at where the vest was hidden as he closes the garage
text: door. They walk to the house.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you decided?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: The rent is paid for two months so
dialog: there’s no hurry. I’11l move in with
dialog: my sister and brother-in-law until
text: the baby is born.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: You'll relocate there?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don’t know. She’s already
dialog: contacted an obstetrician.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: A boy or a girl?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My next visit I‘'11 find out.
scene_heading: 66 INT. MENSANA HOUSE - DAY 66
text: They step inside the living room.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Something I’ve been meaning to ask,
dialog: if it isn’t too painful.
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Do you think he would have really
dialog: harmed someone?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He'd been involved in non violent
dialog: protests, we both had, he’d been
dialog: put in jail. He could lose his
text: temper, start yelling at the
dialog: police. But no, I don’t think he
dialog: was violent.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I just wonder if I should have done
dialog: something differently.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He did not want to live.
dialog: (Toller nods)
dialog: He was not a religious man, you
dialog: know. He didn’t care for the
dialog: church. That was me. I was the one
dialog: who asked him to come. I was raised
dialog: in the church and I’ve never been
dialog: able to quite let it go. When I’m
dialog: in a strange city I'll just go ina
dialog: church and sit down. I was the
dialog: spiritual one.
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I’1ll get some boxes. Come back
text: later to take care of the clothes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Before you go, would you pray with
dialog: me?
text: He appears uncertain.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I find it difficult to do alone.
dialog: The words don’t come. Are you
dialog: uncomfortable with me asking that?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: No. Of course not.
text: He clasps his hands, lowers his head. She follows suit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL'S FILES
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 67
dialog: Toller writes in his journal:
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I spoke and the words came out of
dialog: my mouth. “By thy words you shall
dialog: be justified and by thy words you
dialog: shall be condemned.”
text: TIMECUT. Toller goes through the boxes brought back from
text: Michael’s garage. The explosive vest is in a box to the side.
text: He looks through the file boxes. Michael’s framed photo of
dialog: José Claudio Ribeiro da Silva and Maria do Espirito Santo
text: rests on the counter.
text: Toller sips a drink of scotch, grimaces. He removes a series
dialog: of paperbacks with dire titles: “Our Once and Future Planet,”
text: “Plants at the Margin,” “Earth under Fire.”
text: TIMECUT. Toller boots up Michael’s laptop. A series of icons
text: and documents appear on screen. He examines the files: This
dialog: Fragile Planet. Top 100 Polluters.
dialog: 68
text: Environmental Deregulation. Timelines. Bhopal. Marcal River.
dialog: Arctic Melt. Ghana. Security Precautions. UN Resolutions.
dialog: Scientific Associations. An encyclopedic reservoir of
dialog: research.
text: Toller clicks the “Top 100 Polluters” file. A number list
text: appears: Monsanto. Shell. Kohle. Conoco. Balq.
text: He opens the folder. The first document is a Balq Industries
text: Quarterly Report. He opens it. A smiling photo of Edward Balq
text: accompanies a welcoming message.
text: A menu appears on screen under the title “BALQ” with
dialog: subcategories: “Domestic Divisions, International Partners,
dialog: Shell Companies, Political Contributions (est), Political
dialog: Action Groups, Charitable Contributions, Litigations, EPA &
dialog: IEC reports.”
text: Toller takes another drink.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I can no longer ignore my health. I
dialog: have postponed my checkup too
dialog: often. Yesterday I literally could
dialog: barely stand.
text: He clicks through the entries. It’s a chilling progression.
text: Balg Energy, through its partners and shell companies, is
dialog: under investigation on four continents. Balq is an equal
dialog: opportunity polluter.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: No. I have not lost my faith.
text: He clicks on the Balg sub category “Charitable
dialog: Contributions.” There it is, between the ballet and the
dialog: nature conservancy, the Abundant Life Church in Christ and
dialog: Christian Fellowship.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: MEDICAL EXAM
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - MORNING 68
text: Toller kneels by the new Plexiglas church sign beside a box
text: of plastic letters.
text: He places the black letters one by one on the rack, spelling
dialog: out the message:
dialog: WILL GOD FORGIVE US?
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
scene_heading: EXT. PARSONAGE - MORNING 69
text: In the rear of the parsonage, John Elder goes through the
text: trash, separating the glass, plastic and metal recyclables.
text: He cannot help but notice as he drops bottles into the bin.
text: One empty bottle of scotch after another. Followed by an
text: empty bourbon bottle.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. TOLLER’S CAR - INNER CITY - DAY (OMIT) 70
scene_heading: EXT. MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - DAY 71
text: He pulls his Toyota pulls into the parking structure.
scene_heading: INT. MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - NIGHT 72
dialog: MONTAGE of shots from a physical examination:
dialog: --a scale is adjusted to record Toller’s weight
dialog: --a DOCTOR takes his temperature
dialog: --blood pressure taken
text: --The Doctor taps his back
dialog: --urine collected
dialog: --blood drawn
dialog: --chest x-ray
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: PARABLE OF THE RICH MAN
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - MORNING 73
text: Sunday morning. Tableaus of FIRST REFORMED. “Will God Forgive
text: Us?” The sound of the organ comes from within.
dialog: 74
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY - MORNING 74
text: Ten worshipers are assembled in the SANCTUARY. Mary, wearing
text: a smart coat, sits alone.
text: Reverend Toller, sitting in the first pew, takes an antiacid
text: from his pocket, slips it in his mouth.
text: TIMECUT. Toller, at the pulpit, reads from the lectern Bible.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: “,..and he said I will pull down my
dialog: barns, and build greater
dialog: and I will say to my soul, take
dialog: thine ease, eat, drink, and be
dialog: merry. But God said unto him, Thou
dialog: fool, this night thy soul shall be
dialog: required of thee. So is he that
dialog: layeth up treasure for himself, and
dialog: is not rich toward God. And he said
dialog: unto his disciples, Take no thought
dialog: for your life, what ye shall eat;
dialog: neither for the body, what ye shall
dialog: put on. The life is more than meat,
dialog: and the body is more than raiment.”
text: TIMECUT. John Elder speaks with Esther as they straighten the
dialog: Psalters.
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: He was out most of Friday.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: He went to Albany? For his checkup?
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: I kind of asked him but he didn’t
dialog: volunteer anything. You know how he
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Perhaps I can check.
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: Esther.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: It’s just that...
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: I know.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
text: They reach the front of the church. The door outside is open.
text: Through the door Esther sees Toller speaking with Mary. He is
text: smiling. She is stung by jealousy.
speaker_heading: DIAGNOSIS
scene_heading: EXT. MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A grey morning.
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
text: Toller sits opposite a white coated DOCTOR. Toller’s x-rays
text: are on a computer screen.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: We like to do a gastroscopic exam.
text: We lower a fiber optic camera down
text: the throat and esophagus and take a
dialog: look around. It’s an outpatient
dialog: procedure with local anesthetic.
dialog: You should be able to leave by mid
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: That doesn’t sound good.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: We want to check for evidence of
dialog: malignancy.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Cancer.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It’s a possibility. Cancer is not
dialog: the fearsome medical foe it once
dialog: was.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: What is the treatment?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It depends on how advanced the
dialog: tumor is. You stated that you
dialog: have been experiencing
dialog: discomfort?
dialog: (checks records)
dialog: Six months?
dialog: (Toller nods)
dialog: Diet, medication, chemo, even
dialog: surgery. We have a variety of
dialog: diagnostic tools. Have you had
dialog: bloody stools?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: How recently?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: I would like to schedule the
text: gastroscopy as soon as possible.
dialog: We have an open slot the week after
dialog: next. What is your diet?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I get hungry, I eat.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Do you smoke?
dialog: (Toller shakes head)
dialog: Drink?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: In moderation.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: That needs to end. I’m writing a
dialog: prescription that will help with
dialog: the stomach pain. I want you to
dialog: take nutritional supplements. You
dialog: should put on a little weight.
dialog: Nutrihelp is a good over the
dialog: counter supplement. Drink a bottle
dialog: morning and night. Are you in pain
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: No. Actually, I feel quite good.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: PRAYER CHAPEL
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
scene_heading: EXT. ABUNDANT LIFE - DAY 77
text: A snow plow maneuvers through parked cars.
scene_heading: INT. A.L. MEDIA CENTER - DAY 78
text: State of the art communications hub. Sign on the wall: “Balq
dialog: Media
text: Center.” Media center employees sit at high tech work
dialog: stations.
text: A global Plexiglas map with sparkling lights and lines
dialog: illustrates the worldwide evangelical partners of the
dialog: Abundant Life Church.
text: Joel Jeffers, dressed casually, addresses the camera in a
text: SMALL STUDIO. A CAMERA ASSISTANT claps an electronic
text: clapboard saying:
speaker_heading: CAMERA ASSISTANT
dialog: Joel Jeffers, Daily Devotion number
dialog: 174, take 2.
text: Pastor Jeffers reads from the Teleprompter:
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: “Refrain from anger and turn from
dialog: wrath; do not fret--it only leads
dialog: to evil. Psalm 37:8. We tend to
dialog: think that a little anxiety and
dialog: worry are simply an indication of
dialog: how wise we are yet it’s a much
dialog: better indication of how wicked we
dialog: are. Fretting arises from our
dialog: determination to have our own way.
dialog: Our Lord never worried and was
dialog: never anxious, because His purpose
dialog: was never to accomplish his own
dialog: plans but to fulfill God's
dialog: plans...”
text: Esther looks out door, notices Toller walking down the
text: corridor. She says to Mixer:
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: I’ll be back in a bit.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
text: She rises from her seat, walks out.
scene_heading: INT. A.L. SOUND STUDIO - DAY (OMIT) 79
scene_heading: INT. A.L. CORRIDOR - DAY 80
text: Esther catches up with him.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Reverend.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Hello, Esther.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: I didn’t know you were coming.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Joel's office wanted to go over the
dialog: reconsecration program. Has he
dialog: discussed it with you?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: (nods )
dialog: I‘ll be at First Reformed. Stanley
dialog: will be with the full choir here.
dialog: The acoustics will be wonderful. I
dialog: mean, wonderful. Did you hear from
dialog: Albany?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: (wary)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: What did they say?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Nothing much. More tests.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
text: A gastroscopy.
dialog: How does she know this?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: And you know this how?
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: (gives it up)
dialog: I called.
dialog: (explains)
dialog: I’m worried about you.
text: Toller opens the door to the Prayer Chapel, motions for her
text: to follow. They step into the darkened austere room.
scene_heading: INT. PRAYER CHAPEL - DAY 81
text: He closes the door. He takes her shoulders:
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Leave me alone.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: I just want--
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I know what you want. I cannot bear
dialog: your concern, you constant
dialog: hovering. Your neediness. It’s a
dialog: constant reminder of my failings
dialog: and inadequacies. You want
dialog: something that never was and never
dialog: will be.
text: She starts to cry. She seeks comfort. He doesn’t offer it.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Don’t make me do this.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Don’t you see yourself?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: You don’t take care of yourself.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I despise you. I despise what you
dialog: bring out in me. Your concerns are
dialog: petty. You are a stumbling block.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FEELING BETTER
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 82
dialog: Toller writes in his journal:
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O)
dialog: I suddenly feel much better. I
text: awoke early, clear-headed and
dialog: immediately set about my daily
dialog: tasks.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE BATHROOM - NIGHT 83
text: After brushing his teeth, Toller stops to examine his face in
text: the mirror. He has lost weight. His skin seems a bit on the
text: yellow side.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 84
text: TIMECUT. NIGHT. Toller, in thought, walks around the
text: parsonage. He goes to the closet, removes box where Michael's
text: EXPLOSIVE VEST has been placed.
text: He removes the vest, examines the disconnected detonator
text: wires. It’s a fearsome sight.
text: TIMECUT. He researches types and characteristics of suicide
text: vests and belts. Some of the literature is in English, some
dialog: in Arabic.
text: There are five types of vests, some utilizing dynamite,
text: others Semtex, others C4. They vary in design and detonation
dialog: features.
text: Toller locates the vest before him: “Semtex Blocks #2. Hamas
text: Style.” Foil wrapped 2500 gram vertical rectangles of Semtex
text: attached to a Velcro belt with bungee cord and connected by
text: wires to a push button detonator.
text: He examines the vest. It’s beautiful and simple in design,
dialog: power and intent.
text: Web images show GIF of a suicide bomber attacks.
text: TIMECUT. He writes in his journal. Next to him rests a half
text: filled glass of scotch. He pours Pepto Bismol into the
text: whiskey glass. Pink viscus fluid diffuses through clear
text: amber. He takes a sip.
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: 85A
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
text: TIMECUT. Toller lifts the vest, slips his arms into the
text: straps, connects the Velcro tabs, looks at himself in the
text: mirror. Adjusts the vests. Clerical. In a way.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT 85
text: Late night. He sleeps in bed atop the blanket. Still dressed,
text: he wears the vest.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: “Behold, I show you a mystery. We
dialog: shall not all sleep, but we shall
dialog: all be changed.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE SNAKE AND THE SQUIRREL
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - DAY 85A
text: TOLLER, walking the barbed wire which shakes through the
text: hedgerow perimeter, stops when he notices something.
text: A dead squirrel has gotten caught in drooping barbed wire.
text: Toller uses his scratched bleeding hands to loosen the
text: squirrel from the wire. He pulls at the wire compulsively,
text: wrapping into a roll.
text: THE WOULD BE THIEF
scene_heading: EXT. PARSONAGE - DAY (OMIT) 86
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY (OMIT) 87
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY - DAY (OMIT) 88
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: RESEARCH
scene_heading: INT. TOLLER’S CAR - DAY 89
text: Toller is on the move in his Toyota. Driving here, driving
text: there. America outside his car windows. Beautiful, sad,
text: violated, polluted.
scene_heading: EXT. BALQ PAPER INDUSTRIES - DAY 90
text: A sprawling industrial complex.
scene_heading: INT. PAPER FACTORY - DAY 91
text: Toller walks behind a school group touring the Balq paper
text: mill. They watch as massive machines transform pulp into
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: Balg Home Products, makers of paper
dialog: goods, fertilizers, everyday items
dialog: for the household, was among the
dialog: first companies to realize the need
dialog: to address environmental concerns.
dialog: Balgq is green...
scene_heading: INT. BALQ BUILDING - DAY 92
text: Toller drives past the four story dark glass corporate
dialog: headquarters: Balq Industries.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPSCALE JAPANESE RESTAURANT - DAY 93
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: Today I stopped. I had Miso and
dialog: fish. When was the last time? Such
dialog: simple pleasures. Why do we deny
dialog: ourselves?
dialog: 94
text: Toller, at the bar, sips sake as Ed Balg dines with top tier
text: business companions at an overpriced restaurant.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOLLER’'S CAR - SUBURBS - AFTERNOON 94
text: LUXURIOUS SUBURB. Toller drives the battered Toyota past
text: manicured megahomes. Very much out of place, he checks the
text: rear view mirror. A SECURITY SUV is following him.
text: INSERT OF JOURNAL: Several pages torn out followed by the
dialog: words:
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I've removed the previous pages.
text: They were written in a delirium.
dialog: But I am determined to continue.
dialog: It’s hard to struggle against
dialog: torpor. I must set pen to paper.
text: In the gated suburb, Toller slows down as if checking a house
text: number. The Security SUV pulls up behind him, FLASHES its
dialog: lights.
text: Toller pulls to the curb. The SECURITY OFFICER gets out,
text: walks over to him. The Officer gives him a suspicious once
text: over. Toller’s sweater is dirty, he needs a haircut, a
dialog: shave...
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: May I be of some assistance?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I...I think I must have the wrong
dialog: address.
text: The explosive vest rests in a partially zipped bag on the
text: rear seat.
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: This is a private community. Did
dialog: you receive clearance at the
dialog: security kiosk?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Kiosk? I didn’t see any kiosk.
dialog: The Officer notices on clerical designation on the
dialog: windshield:
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: Would you please follow me,
dialog: Reverend? I will escort you back
text: to the highway.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: MAGICAL MYSTERY TOUR
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 95
text: Late night. Toller at his desk, writing, drinking.
text: He hears something, stops to listen. The doorbell rings. He
text: sips a drink. Hides the bottle.
text: Toller coughs as he crosses though the main room, exits
text: toward the front door. We hear the sound of Toller opening
text: the door.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (0.S.)
dialog: Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY (0.S.)
dialog: Can I come in?
speaker_heading: TOLLER (0.8.)
dialog: Of course.
text: They re-enter. He takes her coat.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s going on? Are you all right?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No.
text: She sits on the only chair. Toller sets down the coat, turns
text: toward her.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm frightened. I’m frightened of
dialog: everything.
dialog: (beat)
text: I woke up. My heart was pounding. I
dialog: thought the ceiling was going to
dialog: fall in. I had to get out. I drove
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I didn’t put on any makeup.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I’m glad you came. You need
dialog: anything, water, tea?
text: He sits on the floor opposite Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (Shakes ad)
dialog: Without any reason. It’s like a
dialog: dark curtain just...fell.
dialog: Everything scares me. The news on
text: TV, a conversation, the weather.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Have you seen your doctor?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He prescribed antidepressants. He
dialog: said they were safe. Well, he said
dialog: it was highly unlikely it would
dialog: hurt Michael.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Michael?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: The baby. It’s a boy. I didn’t tell
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But I don’t want to take anything
dialog: which may affect the baby.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: You were right to come.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I can’t stop my thoughts. They just
dialog: go on and on and repeat and repeat.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Did you have these fears before
dialog: Michael’s death?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: A little. But not like this.
dialog: Michael seemed so strong.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I read online that they used to
dialog: believe pregnancy made you happy
dialog: but now they feel it just makes
dialog: your feelings more extreme.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: How did Michael help you?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You mean before?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
text: Before he became absent.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He listened. He was kind. We did
dialog: something we called the Magical
dialog: Mystery Tour. It sounds silly.
dialog: We'd share a joint then we would
text: lie on top of each other fully
dialog: clothed. Try to get as much body
dialog: to body contact as possible. He
dialog: also called it the 80% Solution.
dialog: Hands out, look each right into
text: the eyes. Then move our eyes in
text: unison, right, left, right, left.
dialog: And breathe in rhythm.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: And you want me to do this?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, I didn’t mean it that way.
dialog: (shamefaced)
dialog: Well. Yes. I guess I did.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Okay. Show me.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: But without the marihuana.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: The baby?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: How do we do this?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Lie on your back with your arms and
text: legs stretched out.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: You need music?
speaker_heading: 95A
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, just listen to the breaths.
text: Toller gets on the carpet, stretches out. Mary stands,
text: removes her coat, then carefully lowers herself atop him.
text: Forehead to forehead, finger to finger, thigh and leg to
text: thigh and leg. Her baby against his belly.
text: She stares deep into his eyes. He breathes slowly. He paces
text: his breaths to match hers.
text: She moves her eyes left to right. He syncs his eye movement
text: with hers. She looks right to left, he looks right to left.
text: They slip into a meditative trance. Breathe in, breathe out.
text: A single organism.
text: Slowly, they LEVITATE. They float horizontally three feet
text: above the floor.
text: Then they ROTATE 360 degrees, not moving a fraction. Side by
text: side, Toller uppermost, side by side, Mary on top again.
text: Then the PARSONAGE FALLS AWAY and they are in flight across
text: the face of the earth.
text: They FLOAT across the wonders on earth, the peaks of the
text: Himalayas, the Ignacu Falls, the fertile jungles of Amazonia
dialog: and Australian outback.
text: And the hideous spoilage man has wreaked: the waste dumps of
text: India, the choking smog of China, the toxic rivers of
text: Indonesia, the oil coated birds and fish of the Gulf Coast.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HANSTOWN KILLS - DAWN 95A
text: Which gives way to Michael standing beside the polluted
dialog: Kills.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: UNDERGROUND RAILROAD
scene_heading: INT. FIRST REFORMED SANCTUARY - DAY 96
text: A class of FIRST GRADERS on a school trip, full of infectious
text: life and chatter, are ushered into the sanctuary by SURIYA,
text: their young teacher. The mixed race students wear matching
text: colored vests.
speaker_heading: SURIYA
dialog: Benny, stop that.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: He started it.
speaker_heading: SURIYA
dialog: Quiet. Listen.
text: Toller watches as Suriya lines the little ones at attention.
text: A boy gives him googlie eyes. Toller responds in kind, looks
text: at Suriya. He is in good spirts.
text: Suriya holds up the Scholastic illustrated book, “The
dialog: Patchwork Path.”
speaker_heading: SURIYA (CONT'D)
dialog: This week we read “The Patchwork
dialog: Path,” about the Underground
dialog: Railroad which was not a railroad
dialog: but--what was it?
text: Several First Graders raise their hands.
speaker_heading: SURIYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Rosa?
speaker_heading: ROSA
dialog: It was a slave trail.
speaker_heading: SURIYA
dialog: It was an escape route from the
dialog: South to the North and this church,
dialog: First Reformed, was part of the
dialog: route. Reverend Toller.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Slaves fleeing north to Canada were
dialog: helped, fed and hidden at churches
text: and homes along the route. Calvin
dialog: Verlander, the dominee, minister,
dialog: of First Reformed was active in the
dialog: Abolitionist movement. He
dialog: arranged...follow me. Look at this.
dialog: Miss Suriya, could you give me a
dialog: hand?
text: The students watch wide eyed as Toller and Suriya lift a
text: wooden pew a few inches off the floor, move it.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Who can help me? Benny?
text: Benny, the class clown, fills up with pride.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, what do you see?
dialog: (Benny doesn’t see
dialog: anything)
dialog: Do you see a metal hook? There.
dialog: (Benny nods)
dialog: What would happen if we pulled it?
dialog: Can you grab it?
text: The First Graders are mesmerized. Benny extracts the hook
text: from the floorboard. Toller takes the hook from Benny and,
text: putting his back into it, lifts up a large wooden trapdoor.
text: Benny, proud of himself, watches.
text: A dark space is revealed under the floorboards. Toller
text: reaches down, flips a switch. A single incandescent bulb
text: lights the dark cavity below.
scene_heading: INT. HIDDEN BASEMENT - DAY 97
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Slaves would hide here. Sometimes
dialog: whole families. Can you imagine
text: that? In the darkness. The air hot,
text: shaking with fear. Hearing the
dialog: horses of the slave hunters
text: outside? On their knees, holding
text: each other’s hands, praying to God
dialog: to save them?
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER FORM OF PRAYER
scene_heading: EXT. PARSONAGE - NIGHT 98
text: Late at night.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE BATHROOM - NIGHT (OMIT) 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE BEDROOM - NIGHT 100
text: He sews a handmade patch onto the vest. It pictures José
dialog: Claudio Ribeiro da Silva and Maria do Espirito Santo, martyrs
dialog: of the Amazon.
text: He puts on a loose fitting dark work shirt over the vest. The
text: vest is remarkably compact. He’s become so thin that the vest
text: is hardly noticeable.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
text: The stomach pains have returned.
dialog: Yesterday I groveled on the floor,
text: moaning like a sick beast. Will
dialog: God's grace ever shine on me?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MEMORIAL HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM - DAY 101
text: Toller wears his mended black sweater, but not the vest. He
text: scans the room.
text: A LOW INCOME MOTHER tends to her DISABLED 8 year-old. The Son
text: looks at Toller. He is crushed by empathy.
text: A NURSE steps out, calls his name:
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Reverend Toller?
text: But he is gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT./INT. TOLLER’S CAR - DAY 102
text: DAY AND NIGHT. Toller drives the streets in his Toyota. He
text: wears the explosive vest under his dark work shirt. Past
text: wealthy suburban homes, past inner city blight.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: If one is awake, can he become more
dialog: awake?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
scene_heading: EXT. HANSTOWN KILLS - PRE DAWN 103
text: THE DARK OF PRE DAWN. Toller, wearing the vest, stands in the
text: moonlight. On the horizon the first eminence of sunrise.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: Every act of preservation is an act
dialog: of creation. Everything preserved
dialog: renews creation. It’s how we
dialog: participate in creation.
scene_heading: EXT. HANSTOWN KILLS - DAWN 104
text: The sun rises. Toller is at HANSTOWN Kills, the polluted
text: stream where Michael’s ashes were spread.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - DAY 105
text: John Elder, kneeling beside the Plexiglas sign (“Will God
dialog: Forgive Us?”), removes the letters.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SOUP KITCHEN - DAY 106
text: Toller stands with fellow volunteers dispensing hot lunches
text: to the down and out. He wears a dark sweater.
text: The wheel chair Vet waits for a hot lunch in the line of down
dialog: and outers.
text: The vest is under Toller’s sweater. A red wire pokes through
text: the dark fabric.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE DARKEST HOUR
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - MORNING
dialog: 107
text: The church sign reads: “Next Sunday, 250th Reconsecration
dialog: Service. Praise God.”
scene_heading: EXT. ABUNDANT LIFE CHURCH - DAY
text: Toller’s Toyota pulls into the parking lot.
scene_heading: INT. JEFFERS’ OFFICE - DAY
text: Toller enters Joel’s inner office.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Close the door. Take a seat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 109
text: Jeffers sips from a plastic water bottle, lifts it as if to
text: say, “Want one?” Toller shakes his head. Jeffers sits.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS (CONT'D)
dialog: We're concerned about you.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Who is?
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: How’s your health?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I need some more tests.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: You didn’t get the results?
text: Toller shakes his head, eyeing Jeffers. Where is he getting
dialog: his information?
speaker_heading: JEFFERS (CONT'D)
dialog: How’s your diet? To be honest, you
dialog: don’t look so good.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I’ve been having some stomach
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: I hear you’ve been drinking.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Just a little wine with dinner.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Wine? That’s not advisable for
text: a man with stomach problems.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I’ve got to take better care of
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: You're always in the Garden.
dialog: Toller: Huh?
speaker_heading: JEFFERS (CONT’D)
dialog: Jesus wasn’t always in the Garden,
text: on his knees, sweating drops of
dialog: blood. No, he was on the Mount, in
text: the temple, in the marketplace. But
dialog: you're always in the Garden. For
dialog: you every hour is the Darkest Hour.
dialog: Don’t confuse Post Traumatic Stress
text: with the Holy Agony.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I didn’t know I had given offense.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Jesus doesn’t want our suffering.
dialog: He suffered for us. He wants
dialog: obedience and commitment.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: But what of His creation? The
dialog: Heavens declare the glory of God.
text: He is everywhere present. In the
dialog: plants, the rivers, in the smallest
dialog: insect. The world is a
text: manifestation of God's presence.
dialog: This is an issue where we can lead.
dialog: But what does the church say?
dialog: Nothing. The U.S. congress deny
dialog: climate change. Where were we when
dialog: these people got elected?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: We know who spoke for big business.
dialog: Who spoke for God?
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: “The creation waits in eager
dialog: expectation of liberation from
dialog: bondage. The whole creation
text: groaneth and travaileth in pain
dialog: together until now.”
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: We should pollute so God can
dialog: restore? We should sin so God can
dialog: forgive? I don’t think that’s what
dialog: the Apostle meant. We need to see
dialog: through Jesus’ eyes, see every
dialog: living thing.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: You don’t live in the real world.
dialog: You’re a minister in a tourist
dialog: church that no one attends. Do you
dialog: have any idea what goes into the
dialog: work of God? What it takes to
dialog: maintain a mission such as this?
dialog: The daily cost, the staffing, the
dialog: outreach? How many people we reach
dialog: each day? Who’s that priest you
dialog: like so much? Thomas Merton? He
dialog: didn’t live in the real world
dialog: either. He was a monk. He lived in
dialog: a monastery in Kentucky and wrote
dialog: books.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Somebody has to do something. The
text: hour is late. Earth is in the
dialog: balance.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: And what if this is His plan?
dialog: What if we can’t see it?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: God would never destroy his
dialog: creation.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: He did once. For forty days and
dialog: forty nights.
text: That hangs in the air a moment. Jeffers changes tack, offers
dialog: solicitude:
speaker_heading: JEFFERS (CONT'D)
dialog: Abundant Life is with you. We care.
dialog: This is a hard time for you. We can
dialog: help. After the reconsecration
dialog: service, you need to go to rehab or
dialog: medical institution, we’ll take
dialog: care of that. Go to Nicaragua,
dialog: preach the gospel, build houses. Do
dialog: some good in the real world. If
dialog: you’re not up to the ceremony, I
dialog: understand. You are expected but we
dialog: can say you are sick--which is true-
dialog: -or indisposed.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It’s not about the ceremony. I want
dialog: to be there. It’s two hundred and
dialog: fifty years. It’s my church. I want
dialog: to be there. I want to introduce
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Ed Balq has decided he’d like to
dialog: make a few comments. The Governor
dialog: would introduce him. Is that a
dialog: problem?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Not at all.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Good. We’1l get through this
dialog: reconsecration--it’s going to be
dialog: special--then we can deal with
dialog: these other issues.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: HOLY GROUND
scene_heading: 110 EXT. MENSANA HOUSE - GOLDEN HOUR 110
text: Mary’s house.
scene_heading: 111 INT. MENSANA LIVING ROOM - EVENING 111
text: Toller and Mary stand surrounded by moving boxes.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You will come to Buffalo?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Of course. I want to see him. A new
dialog: child is the most blessed thing in
dialog: creation.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You have been a help to me.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Dark times will come again. But
dialog: they will also go. My great
dialog: grandfather, was an old parson. A
dialog: Saint of God. There was a two story
dialog: bank and the bank installed the
dialog: very first elevator in town. My
dialog: grandfather went with his boys on
dialog: Monday, as he did every Monday, to
dialog: deposit the church funds. He needed
text: to see the manager. They stepped in
text: the elevator. Between the first and
text: second floor he had a heart attack.
dialog: He wore a hat, he always had a hat.
text: He took off his hat, turned to his
dialog: sons and said, “Boys, take off my
dialog: shoes. I’m standing on Holy
dialog: Ground.” And he died right there.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I believe Michael was on Holy
dialog: Ground when he died.
text: She embraces him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thank you so much.
text: Heads toward door.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: We'll meet in Buffalo.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I’m going to stay for the
dialog: reconsecration ceremony on Sunday.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: (darkens)
dialog: There’s no need for that.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I want to.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It’s not necessary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You have been there for me. I want
dialog: to be there for you.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: It’s not worth the effort. Just a
text: bunch a rich guys patting each
text: other on the back.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But you’re going?
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: I have to.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then I’11 come.
speaker_heading: TOLLER
dialog: Please. I don’t want you to. Don’t
dialog: come.
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (relents)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: RECONSECRATION
scene_heading: 112 EXT. FIRST REFORMED - MORNING 112
dialog: Reconsecration Sunday.
text: A local TV media truck is parked at the curb. Uniformed
text: valets park the guests cars.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
text: Black suited security personnel wearing ear plugs and lapel
text: pins watch from strategic positions.
text: A PUBLIC PERSONALITY steps out of a black SUV. He poses for
text: photographs. A videographer pans him inside the church.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A.L CHURCH WORSHIP ARENA —- MORNING 113
text: Inside the stadium like arena, hovering flat screens
text: simulcast the arrivals of a public personality at First
text: Reformed for a large audience. The Abundant Life Choir,
text: accompanied by guitars and drums, sings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED —- MORNING 114
text: More arrivals. Pastor Jeffers steps out of a SUV with his
text: photogenic wife and children, poses for the cameras.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE BATHROOM —- MORNING 115
text: Reverend Toller completes his ablutions.
text: Brushes his teeth. Shaves. Runs Vitalis through his hair.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING 116
text: He straps the suicide vest on over his black T shirt. He has
text: sewn two additional patches onto the vest. The embroidered
text: image of his son PFC Joseph Toller and Michael Mensana.
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: I have found another form of
dialog: prayer.
text: Toller places AAA batteries into the detonation slots. He
text: connects the wires to the Semtex plastic jelly explosive
text: tubes. If he presses the button, the vest will detonate.
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
text: Carefully lifts his black clerical cassock over the vest.
text: Examines himself in the mirror. Touches his hair. Prepares
dialog: for the reconsecration ceremony.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE DEN - MORNING (OMIT) 117
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FIRST REFORMED SANCTUARY - MORNING 118
text: Esther enters, John Elder’s organ music plays.
text: Pastor Jeffers with his wife and children. Well scrubbed
text: Abundant Life ushers guide the guests to their seats.
text: Edward Balg, accompanied by his wife, grown son and daughter-
text: in-law, arrive and are deferentially accompanied to the
text: church entrance by Balq employees.
text: Toller watches. That seems about it. The guests are thinning
dialog: out.
text: Mary, alone, arrives wearing her nice coat. She is there. She
text: has come after all. She enters the church, looking for him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - DAY 119
text: Toller, watching from the PARSONAGE, freezes. He looks at the
text: detonator button.
text: He cannot go forward with his plan. Cannot. Not with her in
dialog: the sanctuary.
text: He paces around the living room.
text: He returns to his desk. He writes in his journal:
scene_heading: LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT
dialog: He crosses that out. Writes:
scene_heading: STATEMENT OF PURPOSE
dialog: Crosses that out. Writes:
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
scene_heading: MAGICAL MYSTERY TOUR
dialog: Crosses that out.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST REFORMED SANCTUARY - DAY 120
text: The last invited guests and VIPs are escorted to their seats
text: as John Elder plays. Each guest is handed a copy of the
text: reconsecration booklet. Mary accepts hers.
text: Mary, uncertain, unmoored, looks around for Toller. She
text: watches as Balq speaks with Jeffers several pews ahead.
scene_heading: INT. CHOIR LOFT - DAY (OMIT) 121
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY - DAY (OMIT) 122
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST REFORMED - DAY (OMIT) 123
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY - DAY 124
text: The Governor takes his seat in a place of privilege. He
dialog: checks the program. All is ready.
text: Pastor Jeffers, uneasy, approaches John Elder at the organ:
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: I don’t know.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: EVERLASTING ARMS
scene_heading: EXT. PARSONAGE - MORNING 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
text: Joel Jeffers exits the sanctuary, crosses the CHURCHYARD to
text: the PARSONAGE. Jeffers RINGS the bell, KNOCKS on the door.
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Toller!
dialog: No response.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - DAY
text: Toller, at his desk, listens in semi-darkness.
text: silence. Jeffers has left.
text: Toller stands.
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY - DAY
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 126
dialog: “Toller!” Then
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 127
text: Joel Jeffers re-enters, smiles at the Governor, Balgq and
text: other assembled VIPs. He motions to Esther:
speaker_heading: JEFFERS
dialog: Let’s begin.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE - MORNING
dialog: Reverend Toller writes in his journal:
speaker_heading: TOLLER (V.O.)
dialog: God, how I would have preferred a
dialog: different death.
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE KITCHEN - MORNING
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
text: Toller, in the kitchen, disconnects the detonator wires,
text: strips off the explosive vest. Sets it on the table. He can
text: no longer go forward with that plan. Not with Mary inside.
text: The vest, impotent, lies on the table.
text: He removes his black T shirt as well, revealing his pale
text: torso. He steps out of the kitchen.
text: Sounds are heard as he fetches items off screen. Toller
text: returns with a roll of BARBED WIRE and a can of Draino from
dialog: the bathroom.
text: He unrolls the spiny barbed wire, then, looking into the
text: mirror WRAPS it tighter and tighter around his bare torso.
text: The metal barbs puncture his skin, brings drops of blood to
text: the surface.
text: Toller walks to the Vestry closet, selects the alb, gingerly
text: places it over his shoulders. He places a white stole around
text: his neck, adjusts it into place.
text: Music is heard from within the sanctuary.
text: Toller steps into the kitchen, looks at himself in the
text: mirror. Red drops of BLOOD seep though the white alb.
text: He sits at the kitchen table, unscrews the Drano cap.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY - DAY 130
text: Esther sings a solo an a capella rendition of “Everlasting
dialog: Arms.”
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: “What a fellowship, what a joy
dialog: divine,
text: Leaning on the everlasting arms;
dialog: What a blessedness, what a peace is
dialog: mine,
text: Leaning on the everlasting arms.
dialog: (Youth Choir joins in)
text: Leaning, leaning, safe and secure
dialog: from all alarms;
text: Leaning, leaning, leaning on the
dialog: everlasting arms.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 131
scene_heading: INT. PARSONAGE BEDROOM - DAY 131
text: At the table, he looks at the open can of Drano, prepares to
text: drink. He raises the bottle to his lips. Prepares to chug it
dialog: down.
text: The door RATTLES, then opens. He looks up.
text: Mary enters.
text: The Drano drops from his hand, spills across the floor.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Ernst?
text: He stands.
speaker_heading: ESTHER (0.S.)
dialog: “What have I to dread, what have I
dialog: to fear,
dialog: Leaning on the everlasting arms?
dialog: I have blessed peace with my Lord
dialog: so near,
text: Leaning on the everlasting arms.”
text: Mary approaches Toller. He steps forward, takes her in his
dialog: arms.
text: The camera MOVES FOR THE FIRST TIME. It dollies forward and
text: around, swimming with their embrace.
text: She GASPS and presses her open mouth in SLOW MOTION to his
dialog: cheek.
text: Toller responds to her carnal embrace in kind, devouring her,
text: as the camera turns and turns and until it suddenly stops.
text: The screen goes BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
