speaker_heading: FIKMF
dialog: Written by
dialog: Loung Ung
dialog: and
dialog: Angelina Jolie
dialog: Based on the book: "First They Killed My Father: A Daughter
dialog: of Cambodia Remembers" by Loung Ung
scene_heading: EXT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT BALCONY - DAY
dialog: 
dialog: April 1975
text: We are inside a POV. Walking towards a balcony.
text: We pass a TV where news about the Vietnam war coming to an
text: end is playing. We see a reflection in the television. We see
text: our reflection. A little girl. LOUNG. The news then shows the
text: evacuation of the American embassy in Phnom Penh Cambodia. A
text: Helicopter takes off from the embassy. The little girl turns
text: and walks toward a view not dissimilar to the one near the
text: American embassy on the news.
text: Little caramel colored legs and feet on a balcony. The edge
text: of a skirt in the wind identifies the child as a little girl.
text: She begins to climb to the top of the railing. Her little
text: hands and feet. The sound of a helicopter coming towards her.
text: Finally she reaches the top. She watches as a helicopter
text: almost identical to the one on the television flies low over
text: her head. This brave free spirited little girl is LOUNG. At
text: five she stands looking out over city from the third floor.
text: Her POV of her feet. Toes wiggling. The city below.
text: The streets are mostly empty except for a few street vendors.
text: Some shops are closed, some shops are open, there are sand
text: bags in front of some houses. A few people ride in Cyclos. A
text: few on motorcycles. Not much movement.
text: Loung watches the people. (Their clothing and style help us
dialog: to know it’s 1975.)
scene_heading: EXT. PHNOM PHEN STREETS
text: Loung continues to watch.
text: Military police officers walk the streets.
text: The front of some shops sandbags covering the glass entrances
text: making them less than welcoming.
text: Loung notices FOUR YOUNG MEN (peasant revolutionaries) sit
text: along a wall staring angrily at well to do couples shopping
text: in the market. Loung doesn’t understand the look on their
text: faces but it makes her uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: A billboard for a movie poster across the street catches her
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: MA (0.S.)
dialog: Loung. Come down.
text: Loung looks to her mother. MA is admired in Cambodia for her
text: height, slender build and light skin. She is a very
text: beautiful, very elegant woman of Chinese decent. Ma has GEAK,
text: Loung’s three year old sister, in her arms. Luong jumps down
text: and goes to her.
text: Cambodian News Years has just past. Red decorations still on
text: the wall. Happy New Years (in french) hangs on the wall.
text: Ma puts Geak down and the girls play or share a fruit plate
dialog: Ma has put out.
text: Loung watches as Geak’s fruit drips all over her dress. (This
dialog: can be anything from toys to fruit. The point is for the
dialog: child to notice sweet things before the war and for the
dialog: audience to get used to a child’s view of the world)
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT - LATE DAY
dialog: 
text: PA and a COLLEAGUE of his enter the room. Loung jumps into
text: his arms. Pa is loved for his generous heart. He reminds
text: Loung of a teddy bear. His eyes are warm and brown and shaped
text: like the moon. Loung plays with the four stripes on his
text: uniform. Pa greets her and asks about her day.
text: Pa’s Colleague seems concerned but remains professional. They
dialog: speak in french (no translation as Loung can’t understand as
dialog: he intends).
speaker_heading: COLLEAGUE COLLEAGUE
dialog: Les Américains nous The Americans have abandoned
dialog: abandonnent. us. They have all already
dialog: Ils sont déja tous partis,
dialog: ambassadeur, attaché
dialog: militaire...
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: C'est 14a notre grande erreur
dialog: d'avoir cru en eux.
dialog: left, the ambassador and the
dialog: military attache...
dialog: PA.
dialog: It was a huge error to
dialog: believe in them.
speaker_heading: COLLEAGUE
dialog: Qui aurait cru qu'ils
dialog: abandonnent un peuple qui se
dialog: bat pour sa liberté ? Les
dialog: Khmers rouges sont déja a
dialog: Takmao et 4 l'ouest ils sont
dialog: en passe de contréler
dialog: l'aéroport de Pochentong.
dialog: Nos forces ne tiendront pas
dialog: 48 heures de plus, il
dialog: faudrait négocier maintenant.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: Il ne faut pas trop
dialog: s'inquiéter.
dialog: Hou Youn, Hou Nim, Khieu
dialog: Samphan sont des
dialog: nationalistes. On
dialog: bien une solution
dialog: Cambodgiens.
dialog: trouvera
dialog: entre
dialog: Because she can’t
text: crawls out of his
dialog: understand,
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: COLLEAGUE.
dialog: Who would of guessed they
dialog: would have abandoned the
dialog: people fighting for freedom.
dialog: The Khmer Rouge are already
dialog: at Takmao and they have
dialog: passed the west, controlling
dialog: Pochentong airport. Our
dialog: forces cannot hold for more
dialog: than 48 hours, we have to
dialog: negotiate now.
dialog: PA.
dialog: Don't worry to much. Hou
dialog: Youn, Hou Nim, Khieu Samphan
dialog: are nationalist. We will find
dialog: a good solution between us as
dialog: Cambodians.
text: Loung looses interest and
dialog: (They could turn on the radio at one point and it could add
dialog: to the information about situation.)
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT LIVING ROOM - LATE DAY
dialog: 
text: Loung walks into the living room where her brother KIM, ten,
text: listening to music on a record player. His records and comics
text: are spread out all over the floor. Like all older brothers he
dialog: likes to give his little sisters trouble.
text: Loung reaches for the crickets (or colorful fruit) he is
text: eating. He chops at her arm kung fu style. He does a huanaman
dialog: (monkey king) kick. (Possibly in Pa’s helmet)
dialog: CHOU helps with Geak.
text: Loung looks up at KHOUY and MENG her eldest brothers who have
text: just walked in the door. Meng greets her with a smile and
text: musses her hair. He is gentle and soft spoken like Pa. Khouy
text: is cool with his sunglasses and long hair. (Maybe he brings
dialog: something to Kim or tried out a new record.)
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT - EVENING
dialog: 
text: Everyone sits at the table. Set with elegance. Ma and KEAV
text: Loung’s beautiful older sister, help serve the food. Loung
text: watches their hands. So delicate. Their grace and poise is a
text: mystery to her.
text: CLOSE UP - Loung’s POV of food. Loung drops two whole peppers
text: in her soup and Pa looks on approvingly. She crushes the
text: peppers against the side of her bowl with a spoon.
text: Loung likes the smile he gives her; so she again reach her
text: chopsticks toward the pepper dish, knocking over the salt
text: shaker, which rolls like a fallen log onto the floor.
text: Ma seems upset but Pa smiles forgivingly. What Loung loves
text: most about Pa is the way he smiles not only with his mouth
text: but also with his eyes.
text: Loung always restless, kicking her feet under the table.
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PHEN APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Keav helps to get Loung, Chou and Geak ready for bed. Loung
text: in her pyjamas being told to stop jumping on the bed.
dialog: (details - again important to feel her life before war)
scene_heading: EXT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT - DAY
dialog: {NOTE: This sequence will begin with the arrival of LON NOL
dialog: (Government) troops entering the city believing that a truce
dialog: has been agreed. }
dialog: At the beginning, the first to enter the city were the Lon
text: Nol soldiers, they put the guns down and they raised white
text: flags and people applauded because it was for them the end of
text: the war and the end of bloody fighting in the city. Later,
text: the Khmer Rouge soldiers entered with closed expressions on
text: their faces. They did not talk to anyone. Most of the Khmer
text: Rouge entered the city by walking, to secure the streets.
text: Their chiefs were riding in jeeps but very few. Some were
text: driving motorbikes.
text: It is the high heat of the afternoon. Loung plays hopscotch
text: with Chou and their friends on the street in front of their
dialog: flat.
text: Sounds of giggles are taken over by the thunder of engines in
text: the distance. Everyone stops what they are doing and watches
text: the tanks roar into the city. The Lon Nol soldiers waving
text: white flags. Smiling. People cheer.
text: Then Loung sees something else coming. Trucks.
text: Minutes later, the mud-covered old trucks heave and bounce as
text: they pass slowly in front of Loung. Green, gray and black,
text: these cargo trucks sway back and forth on bald tires,
text: spitting out dirt and engine smoke as they roll on.
text: In the back of the trucks, men wearing faded black long pants
text: and long-sleeve black shirts, many with tire shoes and with
text: red sashes cinched tightly around their waists and red
text: scarves tied around their foreheads, stand body to body. Most
text: look young and all are dark-skinned, like the peasant
dialog: workers.
text: With long rifles in their arms or strapped across their
text: backs, they look over the crowds the way the king does when
text: he passes by. There is no cheering for them.
text: Loung waves at the soldiers even though she doesn’t know
text: exactly why. She sees more trucks coming.
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT - DAY
text: Loung runs up to the apartment stairs. Her little legs run as
text: fast as they can but the stairs feel like they go on forever.
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT - DAY
text: Loung finds Pa on the balcony with Meng and Kim. They seem
text: tense. She watches them.
scene_heading: EXT. PHNOM PHEN APARTMENT - DAY
scene_heading: LON NOL MILITARY COMMANDER
dialog: My brothers, we must avoid any
dialog: effusion of blood. Put your guns
dialog: down. We will negotiate with our
dialog: brothers from the other side. We
dialog: are all Khmer. We all love our
dialog: country, our nation. We will...
text: A KR takes the megaphone brutally.
scene_heading: KHMER ROUGE WITH MEGAPHONE
dialog: Angkar has won throughout the
dialog: country over the Khmer Republic.
dialog: Lon Nol are traitors. Angkar need
dialog: not negotiate with anyone or any
dialog: group. The traitors must accept
dialog: defeat. Give up your guns. There
dialog: will be no negotiation
text: The Clique of Lon Nol soldiers form a group.
scene_heading: KHMER ROUGE WITH MEGAPHONE (CONT’D)
dialog: America will bomb the city. You
dialog: must leave now! Take as little as
dialog: you can. No one can stay here.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: KHMER ROUGE WITH MEGAPHONE (CONT’D)
dialog: The United States will bomb the
dialog: city! Leave and stay in the
dialog: countryside for three days!
text: Loung doesn’t understand.
text: Loung stares at a man holding a megaphone standing on a jeep.
text: A KR soldier fires shots to open a door and clear out a
text: building. Loung claps her hands over her ears and hides her
text: face against Keav’s chest. People push and shove one another
text: in a frenzy.
text: Ma now standing behind Loung has heard.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: Loung quickly, go eat your lunch.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PENH KITCHEN - DAY
text: Loung goes into the kitchen. Her lunch is waiting for her.
text: Everyone else has already eaten. She sits and eats.
text: After a few minutes, Ma rushes into the kitchen with Keav and
text: begins to toss aluminum bowls, plates, spoons, forks, and
text: knives into a big pot. The silverware clangs noisily, making
text: Loung jittery. Then picking up a cloth bag, she throws bags
text: of sugar, salt, dried fish, uncooked rice, and canned foods
dialog: into it.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: We will be leaving for a few days.
dialog: Gather your things.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: But Ma?
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: Gather your things.
text: Loung shovels down a few more bites and gets up.
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PHEN APARTMENT - DAY
text: Loung follows Ma into the bedroom where she sees her and Keav
text: sewing jewelry into a jacket lining.
text: She then moves from the bedroom to the living room, taking
text: pictures of her family and the Buddha off the walls and
text: piling them into her arms.
text: In the bathroom, Kim throws soap, shampoo, towels, and other
text: assorted items into a pillowcase.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: (to Loung)
dialog: Are you finished yet?
text: Loung nods “no”.
speaker_heading: MA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hurry and change your shirt. The
dialog: one you’re wearing is dirty.
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT LOUNG’S ROOM - DAY
dialog: 
text: Loung pokes her head into her bedroom and spies Chou shoving
text: clothes into a bag. On the bed, Geak sits quietly playing
text: with a handheld mirror while Chou throws our brushes, combs,
text: and hairpins into her school bag.
text: Loung goes through her clothes and picks a yellow shirt. Chou
text: is packing her red dress. Loung remembers to pack her
dialog: matching one.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PHNOM PENH STREETS - DAY
text: The family head out of the apartment. The chaos of the city.
text: People push and shove one another to evacuate the city.
text: Everywhere, people are on the move. Little children cry.
text: Women and men carry their belongings in cloth bags on their
text: backs and their heads. They walk with short, brisk steps,
dialog: demanding their children stay together, to hold each other's
dialog: hands, to not get left behind.
text: A lone radio has been abandoned in the chaos. Loung listens
text: to the song as she passes.
text: Loung moves to the Mazda parked outside but she is pulled
text: away from it and towards the old family truck in the back.
text: The family pile into the truck. The old pickup truck creaks
text: and squeaks as Khouy throws a cloth bag and water can onto
text: its floor. In front, Pa ties a large white cloth to the
text: antenna while Meng ties another piece to the side mirrors.
scene_heading: I/E. TRUCK - DAY
text: The traffic is moving very slowly.
text: Loung looks out. Their truck inches on in the streets,
text: allowing them a safe view of the scene.
scene_heading: EXT. PHNOM PENH STREETS - DAY
text: Families on the move. Chaos. The KR soldiers are everywhere.
text: There are so many of them around, giving orders into their
text: bullhorns cradling rifles in their arms.
text: Loung notices the other children. The fear on their faces.
text: Small mountains of guns fill the sidewalk as government
text: soldiers turn over their weapons to the men in black. The
text: soldiers are then put into a truck and driven off.
text: Loung buries her face into Keav's chest, her arms tight
text: around her waist. Chou sits silently on the other side of
text: Keav, her eyes shut. Beside them, Khouy and Meng sit stone-
text: faced, watching the exodus.
scene_heading: (FACT— TWO MILLION PEOPLE EVACUATED THE CITY WITHIN 72 HOURS)
scene_heading: I/E. TRUCK - DAY
text: Later - Loung burrows under her scarf to hide from the sun.
text: Her eye lids struggle to stay open. Her POV of her hair
text: whiping about her face. The sun shining on it. Keav wraps the
text: end of Loungs scarf over her mouth an nostrils to keep the
text: dust out.
speaker_heading: KEAV
dialog: Don’t look over the truck. Keep
dialog: your head down.
text: Loung pretends to follow her sisters orders but peeks over
dialog: the edge.
text: Loung sees a doctor assisting a pregnant woman out of the
text: hospital. A KR soldier telling the doctor to evacuate people
text: more quickly. The doctor begs him. He moves him aside and
text: guides staff and patients out with his rifle. She sees a
text: hospital evacuated. Some people being pushed in carts or
text: hospital beds by their relatives.
text: Soldiers in black knocking on doors with their gun buts and
text: evacuating people from their homes.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PHNOM PENH - DAY
text: High wide shot of the chaos of the city. The truck slowly
text: makes it’s way through the crowded streets.
scene_heading: I/E. TRUCK - DAY
text: As they move further from the city, the high rise apartments
text: disappear and thatched-roofed huts take their place. The
text: paved boulevard gives way to dusty roads. Tall elephant grass
text: and prickly brown bushes have replaced the tall trees.
text: As far as Loung can see, there are people marching in the
text: roads while huts stand empty and rice field are left
dialog: unattended. (See some areas affected by bombing - possibly
dialog: one or two plate shots)
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - MAGIC HOUR
text: The sun is setting. The masses silhouetted as they continue
text: along the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - NIGHT
text: Hours later - the truck pulls over.
text: The fields are lit up with small fires illuminating the faces
text: of the women squatting near them, preparing meals. Loung
text: looks around. In the darkness she can still make out
text: thousands of people milling around, or walking to unknown
dialog: destinations. Others, like them have stopped to rest for the
text: night along the roadside.
dialog: Later —
text: Ma and Keav prepare the meal from the food Ma had packed.
text: Chou is brushing Geak’s hair, being careful not to pull it.
text: They squat in the darkness eating their food. (discuss Ma
dialog: trading jewels for items or food)
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - NIGHT
text: Loung is tucked in by Ma in the back of the truck. While Ma
text: Loung, Chou and Geak sleep in the bed of the truck, the older
text: kids sleep on the ground with Pa. It’s a warm breezy night,
dialog: the kind that requires no blankets.
text: Loung can’t sleep. She looks up at the vastness of the sky.
text: The dark sky is full of shining bright stars. Some blink at
text: her. She winks back and closes her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - MORNING
text: Loung opens her eyes to find her family is already packing
text: up. They look tired with their hair sticking out in all
dialog: directions.
text: Someone is yelling. Loung looks around. A group of Khmer
text: Rouge soldiers are yelling at everyone to keep moving. Loung
text: stares at their guns.
text: Meng helps her up and gives her comfort.
text: The KR soldier signals for Pa to move away from the truck.
text: Pa steps out.
speaker_heading: ROAD BLOCK KR
dialog: You comrade! The Angkar needs your
dialog: truck. You no longer will need it.
text: Loung looks to Pa for his response. He simply lowers his
text: eyes and nods.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: (softly to his family)
dialog: Everyone grab what you can carry.
text: Loung watches as her siblings begin to pack.
scene_heading: KHMER ROUGE SOLDIER ROADSIDE
dialog: Comrade! Angkar needs your watch!
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: Certainly.
text: Loung watches as Pa’s shoulders bend forward in submission.
text: He takes the watch off his wrist. Pa does not look the
text: soldier in the eyes as he hands over the watch.
text: Loung watches as a YOUNG KR walks up to Meng and Khouy. He
text: smiles at them. A strange smile as he takes their watches.
text: He gives Keav a look.
dialog: 10A.
text: The soldiers look at Pa’s watch with suspicion.
scene_heading: KHMER ROUGE SOLDIER ROADSIDE
dialog: This is very nice. Who are you to
dialog: have such a nice watch?
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: It was a gift from my boss.
scene_heading: KHMER ROUGE SOLDIER ROADSIDE KHMER ROUGE SOLDIER ROADSIDE.
dialog: Tu travailles pour le You work for the government?
dialog: gouvernment?
text: He walks towards Pa with the barrel of the gun pointing at
text: his mid section. Loung stares at the gun. It is right at her
text: eye level. She can hardly breathe. He speaks the phrase
text: again and watches Pa’s reaction.
text: After a very tense moment, Pa seems to pass the test and the
text: family is suddenly moved on.
text: As they walk on Loung notices some men with long hair who
text: seem to have been selected and are being held. Ma also
dialog: notices.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: Content from Scene 42 and 43 merged into Scene 45.
text: Content from Scene 44 merged into Scene 41.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: The sun is hot on Loung’s back. It burns through her black
text: hair. She looks at Chou and sees beads of sweat collect
text: along her hair line and upper lip.
text: Everywhere they go people are walking in all directions
text: carrying their belongings. Soldiers with guns move them
dialog: along.
text: They walk from the break of day until the dark of the
text: evening. Loung Looks at her fingers and holds up one finger
dialog: then two.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - EVENING
text: Ma and Pa guides the children to an area roadside where they
text: sit in silence and eat the dried fish they had packed. Ma has
text: a small pot of sugar (OR BUYS IT FROM A FAMILY) They all have
text: a taste of it. Loung rolls it in her fingers and licks every
dialog: last bit.
text: Later - Ma is cutting off Khouy’s long hair.
dialog: 12.
text: Loung sees her father walking off on his own. She follows him
text: with her eyes. He finds a secret place in the shade, behind a
text: tree, and goes to his knees.
text: Loung moves closer. She sees he is digging a hole. A moment
text: later he pulls his ID cards and his work ties and buries
dialog: them.
text: She doesn’t understand and moves quickly back so he doesn’t
dialog: see her.
text: Gone is the air of mystery and excitement; now Luong is
dialog: simply afraid.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - MORNING
text: Along the road, the bombed buildings, the scars of war.
text: It’s the third day on the road. Loung walks with a little
text: more bounce in her step. She looks at her fingers and holds
text: up two then three. She makes her way up to Pa.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: Pa, the soldiers said we can return
text: home after three days.
text: Loung tugs at Pa’s trousers.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: No, Loung.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: But it’s the third day.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: We have to keep walking.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: Pa, I’m hungry and my feet hurt.
text: Loung stops walking. She stands still on the road and lets go
text: of the rice pot to wipe the dirt and tears from her cheeks.
speaker_heading: LOUNG (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s go home. I just want to go
dialog: home.
dialog: 13.
text: The red dust from the road and the sweat on her little body
text: have mixed to create a layer of mud on her skin, making it
text: dry and itchy.
text: Pa walks over to Keav and takes a ball of sticky rice out of
text: the pot she is carrying. He walks back to Loung and hands her
text: the food. Her eyes look down at the ground in shame but she
text: takes the food anyway. Silently, he strokes her hair while
text: she eats the rice between the chocking sobs.
text: Pa bends down and looks Loung in the eyes.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: We cannot go home tonight.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: But they said three days.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: We have to keep walking.
text: Reluctantly, Loung does what Pa tells her. Everybody has to
text: carry something, so she pick the smallest item in the pile,
dialog: the rice pot.
text: As she walks, the pot becomes heavier and heavier in her
text: hands as the sun climbs higher and higher in the sky. The
text: metal handle digs and burns the palms of her hands. Sometimes
text: she carries it with two hands in front of her, other times
text: she switches the pot from her right to her left arm, but it
text: seems no matter how she carries it the pot painfully bangs
text: into some part of her leg.
text: Later- Loung is losing hope that they can go home tonight.
text: Tired and hungry, she drags her feet, taking smaller and
text: smaller steps until she is far behind everyone else.
text: Pa gently walks over and cleans her face with his hand. He
text: then takes the rice pot and carries it for her.
text: With Geak on her hip, Ma walks over to Loung and wraps a
text: scarf around her head to protect her from the sun. As she
text: walks on Loung watches Geak in her arms. He feet dangling off
text: Ma’s hip. Loung wishes she was a baby and could be carried.
text: She sees many people around her that are worse off than
dialog: herself.
dialog: Hours later-
text: As the hot sun beats down on them, the family continues to
dialog: walk.
dialog: - for the landscape : On the road from Phnom Penh to Kam
dialog: Baul, there is very little forest.
dialog: 14.
text: - KR soldiers do not have their arms across their back. They
text: have AK47 that they carry on the side or in front of them.
dialog: (See photos archives).
text: - most of the time, the KR cadres, the kamapibal, who manage
text: evacuation, have no arms. Or maybe just a handgun.
text: - along the road of evacuation, there are KR patrols
text: Loung watches as a woman breast feeds her baby wrapped to her
text: chest as she walks.
text: Loung sees a KR soldier. She quickly turns her face away and
text: walks to catch up with Pa.
text: Loung studies the face of the father then quickly turns her
text: face away and walks to catch up with Pa.
scene_heading: EXT. CHECKPOINT - DAY
text: By noontime they have reached the Khmer Rouge's military
text: check-point. The checkpoint consists of no more than a few
text: small makeshift tents with trucks parked beside them. There
dialog: are many soldiers at this base, and it is easy to recognize
text: them because they wear identical loose-fitting black pajama
text: pants and shirts. Even the female KR have very distinct hair
text: cuts. All carry identical guns slung across their backs. They
text: move quickly from place to place with fingers on the triggers
text: of their weapons, pacing back and forth in front of the
text: crowd, giving instructions into a bullhorn.
speaker_heading: KAMAPIBAL
dialog: You are not allowed to pass until
dialog: we have cleared you. Stand with
dialog: your family in a line.
text: The Commander continues.
speaker_heading: KAMAPIBAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyone who has worked as a public
dialog: servant, official, police, or
dialog: military, step up to the right
dialog: table to register for work.
text: Loung glances at Pa then looks quickly away. She feels sick.
text: Pa gathers their family and stands them in a line with the
dialog: other peasant farmers.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Remember, we are workers. Give
dialog: these men whatever they want and
dialog: don’t argue.
dialog: 15.
text: In front of them, the line splits in two as a large group of
dialog: ex-soldiers, government workers, and former politicians walk
text: over to the table to register for work. Loung’s heart pounds
text: quickly against her chest, but she says nothing and leans
text: against Pa's legs. He reaches down and puts his hand on top
text: of her head. It stays there as if protecting her from the sun
text: and the soldiers. After a few minutes, her head feels cooler
text: and her heartbeat slows. (Artists with long hair and possibly
dialog: a guitar are taken away )
text: A KR soldier opens a bag of another family discovering a
dialog: bundle of money.
scene_heading: KR CHECKPOINT SOLDIER
dialog: You do not need this. (Holding the
dialog: money) There are no longer any
dialog: rich, there are no longer any poor.
dialog: Let us all live in equality!
text: Ahead of them in the line, Khmer Rouge soldiers tells
text: something to the crowd, but Loung cannot understand all of
dialog: what they say.
speaker_heading: KR CHECKPOINT SOLDIER (CONT’D)
dialog: When the Angkar questions you,
text: answer loyally.
text: Then one Khmer Rouge soldier roughly jerks a bag off of one
text: man's shoulder and dumps its contents on the ground. From
text: this pile, a Khmer Rouge soldier picks up an old Lon Nol army
text: uniform. The Khmer Rouge soldier sneers at the man and pushes
text: him to another Khmer Rouge soldier standing beside him. The
text: soldier then moves on to the next family. Eyes downcast,
text: shoulders slumped, arms hanging loosely on both sides of him,
text: the man with the Lon Nol uniform in his bag does not fight as
text: another Khmer Rouge soldier points and pushes him away with
text: the butt of his rifle.
text: Loung feels the heat of the sun move down her back. We notice
text: the shadows moving. Hours have gone by.
text: A Khmer Rouge soldier approaches them, Loung leans closer to
text: Pa and reaches up for his hand. Pa's hand is much too big for
text: hers, so She is only able to wrap her fingers around his
dialog: index finger.
scene_heading: KOM BAUL SOLDIER
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: I work as a packer in the shipping
dialog: port.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: KOM BAUL SOLDIER
dialog: (to Ma)
dialog: And you, what do you do?
text: Loung notices Ma’s eyes focus on the ground and she shifts,
text: Geak’s weight on her hips.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: I sell old clothes in the market.
text: The soldier rummages through all their bags one by one.
dialog: He takes money and Kim’s comic books. (Discuss what else
dialog: would be taken)
text: He takes the red dresses Loung and Chou had packed.
text: Loung follows the dress with her eyes, focusing all her
text: energy on it, wanting desperately to rescue it.
dialog: Her first red dress, the one Ma made for her for the New
dialog: Year's celebration.
speaker_heading: MEMORY-—
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT
text: Flashes of color - Loung remembers Ma taking her
text: measurements, holding the soft chiffon cloth against her
text: body, and asking her if she liked it. Ma smiles at Loung
text: pleased with how pretty the color looks on her. Loung sees
text: herself in the mirror.
speaker_heading: MEMORY ENDS
text: Then he bends down and lifts the lid of the rice pot next to
text: Pa's feet. Gripping Pa's finger even tighter, Loung’s heart
text: races as the soldier checks the pot. His face is close to
text: hers; she concentrates on her dirty toes. She dare not look
text: into his eyes.
text: She peaks. She looks right at him.
scene_heading: KOM BAUL SOLDIER
dialog: All right, you are cleared. You may
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Thank you comrade.
text: The soldier is already looking past Pa and merely waves his
text: hand for them to hurry on.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Passing the checkpoint safely, they walk on. A few miles down
text: the road the sound of gunshots ring out in the distance
text: behind Loung. She watches as a flock of black birds explode
text: into the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - LATE DAY
text: Later - As she walks, Loung watches as the sun goes to sleep
text: behind the mountains and the world becomes a place of shadows
text: and shapes once again. Sees a body in the field. He wears a
dialog: uniform like Pa’s.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - DUSK (ADJUST DEPENDING LOTUS FLOWERS)
text: In the mass of people, Pa finds them a spot of unoccupied
text: grass near the side of the road.
text: Loung and Chou walk around and find a pond full of lotus
text: flowers. Kim finds a small area full of fish. The children,
dialog: as children do, explore the area.
text: Later - Ma puts Geak down next to Loung and tells her to keep
text: an eye on her. Sitting next to her, Loung is struck by how
text: Geak looks. Breathing quietly, she fights to keep her eyelids
text: open, but in the end she loses and falls to sleep. Loung puts
text: her arm around her sister in a protective way. She lies down
text: on a small bundle of clothes. Quickly, Loung also falls
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: LOUNG DREAMS
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: In her dream, fireworks crackle and boom noisily, she
text: rejoices in the New Year celebration. Everything is red.
text: Chinese firecrackers explode. Smoke rises. Confetti paper
text: falls onto Loung’s face as she runs through the bits of paper
text: and white smoke.
scene_heading: LOUNG’S DREAM ENDS
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - MORNING
text: Fireworks from the dream turn into gunshots in the distance.
text: Loung wakes up the next morning to the voices of her brothers
text: and father whispering to each other about what went on in the
text: night. She can’t hear but they look concerned.
dialog: 18.
text: Keav takes her hand, grabs her things and leads her on.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - MORNING
text: Loung’s POV - Pa carrying Geak and reassuring Kim.
text: People see along the road the scars of war.
text: Loung feels Keav's hand pull at her, and her feet
text: automatically move in her sisters direction. With Loung’s
text: hand in hers, they catch up with the rest of the family and
dialog: continue their fourth day of marching.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: On their walk, the soldiers are everywhere, prodding them
text: along. They point and give directions with their guns.
text: In the scorching April heat, Loung watches as many older
text: people become ill from heatstroke and dehydration, although
text: they dare not rest. When someone falls ill, the family throws
text: out his belongings, puts the sick person on someone's back
dialog: and march on.
text: Loung notices a few lifeless bodies laid in a row on the side
text: of the road. She focuses on their feet.
text: The road ahead of them shimmers in the heat, and the dust
text: swells are everywhere, burning Loung’s eyes.
text: In the distance, her eyes focus on a lone man with a wagon
text: pulled by two yellow skinny cows. It is strange that he is
text: traveling against the flow of traffic. All of a sudden, she
text: is startled by Ma's scream. Between loud, halting sobs Ma
dialog: manages to say-
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: It’s you Uncle Leang!
text: With their hands in the air and bodies jumping up and down,
text: they wave excitedly to their uncle. UNCLE LEANG waves one
text: hand back and moves his ox cart in their direction. He comes
text: to a stop a few feet from them, and all at once they rush
text: toward him. He takes Ma into his arms with Pa standing
text: quietly beside them.
text: Uncle Leang hands Ma a package from the cart, she opens the
text: package of food, sweet rice, fish and bamboo sticks.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEANG
dialog: I’ve been looking for you since I
dialog: heard.
dialog: 19.
text: Standing next to Uncle Leang, Loung has to tilt her head back
text: as far as she can to see his face because he is so tall. All
text: she can see is the shape of his thin lips and wide, black
text: nostrils that flare once every few seconds as he talks to Ma.
text: At almost six feet tall, second Uncle Kim Leang hovers above
dialog: all of them.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - DAY
text: While Pa and Ma talk to Loung’s uncle, Loung quickly claims a
text: seat in the wagon with Chou and Geak. She stares at the
text: skinny cows. She wonders if they are strong enough to be able
dialog: to pull the family.
text: Only young children can be on the wagon with the uncle.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD / OX CART - DAY TO DUSK
text: As the sun begins to set. Their trail takes them on a gravel
dialog: road along Route 26 westward. No matter where they go or in
text: which direction they turn, there are people marching ahead
text: and behind them. In the midst of the crowd,
text: Their wagon passes a Khmer Rouge village without stopping.
text: Houses on stilts and men in black with checkered scarfs. Some
text: of their children are in the bright green fields catching
dialog: fish with rods.
text: Further down the road Loung sees a pagoda with KR soldiers
text: holding men prisoner. Beyond them in the distance she sees
text: soldiers watching as Monks are made to tend the fields. Loung
text: looks at the faces of the Monks. They are put to work as if
text: they are being punished. She feels sad for them.
text: The cattle wagon keeps moving.
text: They veer westward, leaving their roadside companions far
dialog: behind.
dialog: Later-
text: Somewhere between Bat Deng and Krang Truop, Loung falls
dialog: asleep.
text: HER POV GOES OUT OF FOCUS.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: EXT. KRANG TRUOP - EARLY MORNING
text: Loung slowly opens her eyes. Five days after leaving their
text: home in Phnom Penh, the family arrives at Krang Truop. A
text: small dusty village surrounded by rice fields as far as the
text: eye can see.
scene_heading: INT. UNCLE LEANG’S HUT - MORNING
text: Loung enters Uncle Leang’s hut. Uncle Leang and his wife have
dialog: six children, so with the nine new people it makes seventeen
text: under one roof. There are objects that show Uncle Leang had
dialog: been a middle class farmer before the Khmer Rouge took over.
text: Loung climbs into Pa’s arms.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: The village is so poor.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: (strong)
dialog: So are we. And from now on if
dialog: anyone asks, we say we are workers.
dialog: We can not go back to the city. You
dialog: must stop thinking we can go back.
text: Pa has never spoken to her this way. It finally sinks in. She
text: trembles with fear. He holds her in his arms as her eyes
text: water and her lips tremble.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. UNCLE LEANG’S HUT - DAY
text: Loung’s POV of the rice fields. She removes her clothes and
text: hands them to Chou who is already washed and in a sarong.
text: Loung washes herself outside. There is a big round container
text: that looks like a three-foot-tall clay flowerpot. Then she
text: reaches into the container and takes a bowl full of water and
text: pours it over herself.
text: She becomes shy when she sees her little cousins watching
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. UNCLE LEANG’S HUT - DAY
text: The family clothes hang to dry. Pa helps Uncle repair a fish
text: trap. He is clumsy because he does not know how to do it
text: properly. They share a hot tea and smoke tobacco. A NEIGHBOR
text: is with them.
dialog: 20A.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Is it true everyone has evacuated
dialog: Phnom Phen? (Pa nods) Did the
dialog: Americans bomb the city?
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: Angkar asked us to leave. I heard
dialog: no bombings.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEANG
dialog: Here, in the village, Americans
dialog: have bombed for many years.
dialog: Sometimes three days in a row. We
dialog: had to harvest during the night.
dialog: 21.
text: He pauses deep in thought.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: They destroyed my house. My cows. I
dialog: now support the Khmer Rouge
dialog: revolution. We want a new society,
dialog: without poor people, without rich
dialog: people. We don’t need the
dialog: capitalists. The land is ours. We
dialog: are masters of earth and water.
text: Nobody answers.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEANG
dialog: If you stay here you must refer to
dialog: the village chief. You are from the
dialog: city. You must be careful. Angkar
dialog: knows everything.
scene_heading: EXT. UNCLE LEANG’S HUT - DAY
text: Loung wanders away towards a group of kids having a beetle
text: fight. Geak is loving it. Chou is not so sure.
text: Kim and Meng and Khouy play around doing handstands, and
dialog: teaching their cousins.
text: Ma and Keave are with the other women.
scene_heading: INT. UNCLE LEANG’S HUT - NIGHT
text: Lying on wooden planks Loung watches Chou tossing and
text: turning. Ma sits on a mat nearby holding Geak, who sleeps
text: quietly in her arms. She looks around the room at her
text: sleeping family. Loung overhears a discussion underneath the
text: floorboards. She looks through the slats.
speaker_heading: AUNT KEANG
dialog: We cannot keep them with us. We
dialog: will be killed.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEANG
dialog: She is my sister.
speaker_heading: AUNT KEANG
dialog: You know there is no consideration
dialog: for family.
text: They continue whispering but Loung can’t make out what they
text: are saying. She looks over at Ma, wondering if she has
dialog: heard.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: EXT. UNCLE LEANG’S HUT - EARLY MORNING
dialog: 
text: Loung watching Uncle Leang. Wondering if he will say
text: anything. Life on the farm starts before the sun rises. The
text: clothes are now dry on the line.
dialog: Washing up. Breakfast. (Scraps to pigs? Feed for chickens?)
scene_heading: EXT. KRANG TRUOP - MORNING
text: Loung walks into the fields.
text: Using the traps made last night, they catch fish.
text: The buffalo’s are brought in to graze.
text: Loung looks around she cannot shake the feeling someone is
text: watching her. She looks around anxious.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: Content from Scene 89 has been merged into Scene 77AA.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Later-
text: Loung watching her cousins and neighbors play.
text: Loung walks past Pa who sits quietly outside by himself. She
text: enters the hut but turns when she hears a cow bell. They both
text: watch as the Village Chief approaches Uncle Leang. They both
dialog: know what this means.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT./EXT. UNCLE LEANG’S HUT - EVENING
dialog: 
text: Loung watches everyone around her packing. Uncle Leang, his
text: wife, AUNT KEANG, and all the cousins are up. Beside Loung,
text: Chou rolls up her thin blanket, folds her clothes and puts
text: them in her pillow case. Outside, Lee Cheun scoops ladles
text: full of cooked rice and puts it in banana leaves. Keav pokes
text: the crackling fire to cook the dried fish while Kim fills up
text: the petrol container with water.
text: Ma puts her hand to her mouth to signal to Loung to stay
text: quiet. Loung pulls the cover over her and looks at her still
text: blistered feet. She doesn’t want to walk anymore. She wants
dialog: to stay.
text: Pa pulls back the covers and gently pulls her from her bed.
text: Biting back her tears she puts on her flip flops and walks
text: toward Keav’s extended hand.
text: Pa and Ma turn to Uncle Leang and thank him for letting them
text: stay with him. Uncle Leang looks at her, face hanging, eyes
text: blinking rapidly, and blesses Ma for a safe journey.
text: The cousins stand outside the hut to see the family off.
text: Their hands dangle lifelessly by their sides as they watch Pa
text: lead his family away.
scene_heading: EXT. REST STOP - NIGHT
text: By the time the family arrives at the rendezvous area on the
text: roadside, about thirty people have already gathered there.
text: They squat and sit on the gravel road in four family groups.
text: Many have almond-shaped eyes, thin noses, and light skin,
dialog: which suggests they might also be of Chinese descent. Their
text: fellow travelers do not acknowledge their presence, instead
text: they stare passively at the road. Like the family, they carry
text: with them light bundles of clothes and small packages of
dialog: food.
dialog: 23A.
text: Loung and family sit on the gravel road next to them but no
text: words are exchanged. In the dark of night they all wait for
dialog: the truck.
dialog: 24.
text: Later- Loung lays in Pa’s arms. The world around them remains
text: tranquil and asleep; all that can be heard is the chirping of
text: crickets. The moments feel like forever. Then suddenly the
text: glaring headlights of the military truck appear and it stops
text: before them. Pa transfers Loung from his warm arms onto the
text: hard, cold bed of the truck. She does not want to let go of
text: him. She does not want to leave the safety of his arms.
text: Trucks had tarpaulins that way nobody could see people inside
text: and people inside could not watch the road.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY TRUCK #1 - NIGHT
text: The ride is bumpy and loud, but the cool dawn air keeps them
text: reasonably comfortable. Ma stares off into the distance while
text: Geak sleeps in her arms. Loung’s other siblings are half
text: dozing, half awake while she finds safety in Pa's arms again.
text: Everyone is very quiet as the truck drives on.
text: All night the truck heads northwest.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY TRUCK #1 - DAWN
text: The truck driver does not have Pa's driving skills, nor does
text: he care whether those in the back bounce and bump into one
text: another. The truck drives all day the children take small
text: bites from the food they packed as they drive on.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY TRUCK #1 - EARLY MORNING
dialog: 
text: Loung wakes up in Pa's lap in the morning to see that they
text: have arrived at a “truck stop.” There are people lined up.
text: Some just waiting. Others getting onto ox carts. Many are
text: still asleep on the side of the road or in the grass. Sitting
text: in the back of the truck, they dare not move until the
text: soldiers instruct them to.
scene_heading: EXT. PURSAT PROVINCE - EARLY MORNING
dialog: 
text: As soon as they are told, everyone jumps off. Pa lifts Loung
text: out of the truck and puts her on the ground next to Chou.
dialog: 25.
text: Loung overhears Meng and Pa talking.
speaker_heading: MENG
dialog: We’re not in Battambang?
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: (fatigued)
dialog: We will go where ever they choose
dialog: to take us.
text: Loung looks around. She doesn’t want to stay here.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PURSAT PROVENCE - EARLY MORNING
dialog: 
text: Ma secretly cuts open Kim’s jacket, pulls out her jewelry and
text: hands it over to the KR.
dialog: 26.
text: As Pa lifts her onto the ox cart., She notices two very thin
text: middle-aged men in loose-fitting black pajama pants and
text: shirts standing next to them. While one writes something on
text: small brown pads of paper with his black pen, the other
text: points at their heads and counts as they climb onto the
text: truck. Loung finds herself a seat where she can watch the
text: countryside. Quickly, another family clambers onto the cart.
text: Once all the families are on board, the two men take their
text: notes and count again. After they are finished, the ox carts
text: pull away.
scene_heading: EXT. OX CART - MORNING
text: The ox cart rolls away from the waiting area and onto a bumpy
text: narrow road.
text: The families are quiet and somber, the only sounds come from
text: the branches brushing against the side of the truck and the
text: slush of mud sticking to the tires. Loung notices DAVI a
text: beautiful teen young woman who sits with her LITTLE SISTER.
text: DAVI'S FATHER, DAVI’S MOTHER, and DAVI’S BROTHERS are also in
text: (or walking beside) the cart.
text: She looks at the ripped open part of her jacket or her
dialog: mothers depending on where we choose to hide the jewels.
text: Loung rests her head on Pa’s chest and think how lucky she is
text: to have such a father. She looks up at Pa who seems so
text: serious and sad. She worries for him. She misses his smile.
scene_heading: INT. OX CART - DAY
text: The Ox Cart passes a Buddhist temple that has been destroyed
text: and is now crawling with soldiers. Pa bows his head in a
text: moment of silence. Another man in the truck notices and looks
text: at Pa with suspicion.
text: Loung looks at the temple.
scene_heading: LOUNG’S MEMORY-—
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPLE (ANGKOR WAT)- DAY
text: Loung remembers clutching tightly to Pa's finger as they
text: walked along wide crumbling corridors. The temple walls are
text: decorated with magnificent detailed carvings of people, cows,
text: wagons, daily life, and battle scenes from long ago.
dialog: 27.
text: Guarding the ancient steps are giant granite lions, tigers,
text: eight-headed snakes, and elephants. Next to them, sandstone
text: gods with eight hands who sit cross-legged on lotus flowers
text: watch over the temple ponds. On the walls beneath the jungle
text: vines, thousands of beautiful Apsara goddesses with big round
text: breasts wearing only short wraparound skirts smile at
dialog: visitors.
text: Pa leads Loung through the temple.
speaker_heading: LOUNG O.S.
dialog: Meng said you were once a monk.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I was. But I met a beautiful woman
text: in a pretty blue silk shirt, who's
dialog: smile melted my heart. The same
dialog: smile her daughters now have.
text: Loung smiles.
speaker_heading: LOUNG O.S.
dialog: Did you live here?
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: This is where the Gods live. If you
dialog: call out, they will answer.
speaker_heading: LOUNG O.S.
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Chump leap sursdei dthai pda!
dialog: (Hello Gods)
speaker_heading: ECHO
dialog: Dthai pda! Dthai pda!
text: Loung grabs Pa’s leg when she hears the Gods answer. Pa
text: smiles down at her laughing.
speaker_heading: MEMORY FADES
scene_heading: EXT. OX CART - DAY
text: Geak cries. Ma moves to her to comfort her. She holds her
text: tightly to her breasts as if to never let her go. Loung looks
text: at Ma’s blue silk shirt and realizes why she chose to bring
text: it with her.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP MEETING AREA - DAY
text: The cart stops.
dialog: 28.
text: The driver orders the new arrivals to get out and wait for
text: instructions from the village chief. Loung’s family quickly
text: jumps off the cart, leaving her behind. Standing at the edge,
text: she fights the impulse to run and hide in the far corner.
text: All around the ox carts, villagers have gathered to take
text: their first look at the new people. These villagers are all
text: dressed in the familiar loose-fitting black pajama pants and
text: shirts with a red-and-white checkered scarf wrapped across
text: their shoulders or around their head. They look like an older
text: version of the Khmer Rouge soldiers that stormed into their
dialog: city, except they do not carry guns.
scene_heading: SOMEONE IN THE CROWD
dialog: Capitalists should be shot and
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: A BASE WOMAN
dialog: Parasites!
text: The Base Woman walks over and spits at Pa's feet. Pa's
text: shoulders droop low as he holds his palms together in a
text: gesture of greeting. Loung cowers at the edge of the Ox Cart,
text: afraid to get off. To her, the villagers look very mean, like
text: hungry tigers ready to pounce. Their black eyes stare at her,
text: full of contempt.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: (gently to Loung)
dialog: Come, you have to get off the cart.
text: She drags her body cautiously toward him. She takes hold of
text: Chou’s hand and together they follow Ma. (While he speaks,
dialog: Loung focuses on other things.)
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP MEETING AREA - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: Loung looks around.
dialog: There were no soldiers in the villages, but there were
dialog: chlops, it means militiamen who spy, who are security guards,
dialog: who arrest...
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: RO LEAP KHMER ROUGE
dialog: (with a heavy accent of
dialog: people from the jungle
dialog: area)
dialog: Angkar never uses any object from
dialog: imperialist and feudal society.
dialog: All of these things create a deep
dialog: divide between rich and poor.
dialog: You must absolutely give up all
dialog: personal property. Destroy
dialog: individualism; build the collective
dialog: spirit! Absolutely everything
dialog: belongs to the Angkar!
text: Loung nestles closer to Chou and leans her head on her
text: shoulder. The RO LEAP VILLAGE CHIEF makes his appearance to
text: the crowd of new people.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP MEETING AREA - DAY
scene_heading: RO LEAP KHMER ROUGE
dialog: By wearing the same thing we rid
dialog: ourselves of the corrupt Western
dialog: creation of vanity. We are all
dialog: equal. You will take these stain
text: (he holds up a bowl of berries -
dialog: makhleur in Khmer) and then mix in
dialog: mud to dye your remaining clothes,
dialog: removing all color.
dialog: Renounce family ties, and adopt the
dialog: immense family; have a
dialog: revolutionary consciousness!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Yes, comrade.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: RO LEAP KHMER ROUGE
dialog: Father is now “Pok”. Not Daddy or
dialog: Pa..Mother is “Meh”. The Angkar
dialog: tenderly looks after you all, The
dialog: Angkar is your family now.
text: Loung grabs her Pa’s fingers even tighter.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP HUT - DAY
dialog: Establish the Ro Leap Village.
text: The family is shown to their assigned plot.
text: Ma sorts through the clothes. Ma and the girls work to stain
text: them black. First they smash the berries and stain them.
text: Loung watches as the clothes lose their color.
text: During this process the Men are coming back with planks of
text: wood for the house and working on the structure.
text: Later - the clothes in black mud are hung out to dry. Ma
text: sees other mothers cutting their children’s hair to match the
text: KR. She begins with Geak. Loung watches.
scene_heading: OMITTED - CONTENT MERGED INTO SCENE 115
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - LATE DAY
text: The bell rings, signaling mealtime. Gripping her wooden bowl
text: and spoon, Loung, Chou (with new haircuts) and Kim walk to
text: the communal kitchen while the others wait their turn. They
text: are separated into groups. (This is how they will now work
dialog: and eat. Girls 6-12 then older girls and women. Boys 6-12
dialog: then older boys and men.)
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP DINING AREA - BEFORE DARK
dialog: 
text: The kitchen is nothing but a long table, with no chairs or
text: benches, and under a thatched roof with no walls, and a few
text: brick ovens. On the long table sit two pots, one full of rice
text: and one full of soup with bits of fish inside.
text: There are six or seven base women stirring and scooping food
text: from the pots. A long line of new people has already formed
text: around the table. Like Loung’s family, they have all changed
text: from their city clothing into their black pajama pants and
dialog: shirts, the only clothes they will wear from now on.
dialog: 31.
text: Loung looks at the long line in front of her. She stares at
text: the many black pots filled with steamy food on the ground.
text: The line moves quickly and silently. Under her breath she
text: counts the heads before her, eliminating them one by one,
text: anxiously waiting for her turn.
text: Loung raises her bowl to her eye level to make it easier for
text: the comrade to serve her. She does not dare look up at the
text: woman. Eyes focused on her bowl, Loung sees the hand dump
text: some rice in her bowl and drop a whole small fish on top of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. DINING AREA - EARLY EVENING
text: Loung and her sister eat their food together. They lick the
text: bowls clean. She looks at Davi’s sister and the other new
dialog: girls.
text: She hears an announcement and sees the next groups line up.
text: She watches her older brothers and sisters with Ma and Pa
dialog: stand in line.
text: Their time is up. Loung and Chou walk back towards their hut.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP HUT - MORNING
text: Ma Keav and Loung trade items with the Base women. Loung and
text: her sisters help sew palm tree walls for the hut. They have
text: never done this before and are watching a family to learn.
text: The men continue to work on the hut.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - EARLY MORNING
text: The guards patrol. Pa and the boys are working on the house.
text: Davi’s Father and brothers are working next door to build
dialog: theirs.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - MORNING
text: Over the megaphone we hear the mornings announcements and
text: call to work. We see the rice fields begin to fill with rows
dialog: of workers.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - MORNING
text: Loung and Chou are in line with the other girls marching to
text: work. They pass Ma and Keav in the fields.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP GARDEN - MORNING
text: Loung and Chou’s first day at work. They tend to the soil to
text: prepare a garden. Loung looks out and sees Ma and Keav in the
text: rice field. Kim is in a nearby garden with the other boys.
dialog: Chlop patrol.
text: Later - Loung’s back is hurting. She is not used to this kind
text: of labour. The Base Woman who spit at Pa upon arrival, walks
text: over. She looks at the girls and tells them they are lazy
dialog: and need to work harder.
text: The young girls try to hold back tears.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - DUSK
text: Pa finishing the roof. Loung’s eyes grow heavy. She falls
dialog: asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP GARDEN - MORNING - PLANTING
dialog: 
text: We pan across a large area where we see hundreds working the
dialog: fields.
dialog: 33.
text: Loung and Chou work in the garden. They sweat under the hot
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - DAY
text: Loung walks back to her hut and passes her parents and older
text: siblings working in the rice fields.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: That night, Loung sneaks out of the hut past the KR on patrol
text: and follows Pa into a meeting at the town square.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Loung and some other children are tucked away off to the side
text: of the meeting. She watches as Ma and Pa join the others for
text: the town meeting. Pa looks tired.
text: There are a couple men and women the KR have put aside.
text: Loung wonders why and what they have done.
scene_heading: RO LEAP KHMER ROUGE
dialog: Every work site is a fiery
dialog: battlefield. Let us be master of
dialog: the water, master of nature. Work
dialog: in the rice field without
dialog: considering the skies, to grow
dialog: three tons a hectare. If you have a
dialog: revolutionary position, you can do
dialog: anything Comrade. Cheyo
dialog: revolutionary Angkar!
text: Fists in the air. “Cheyo! Cheyp!” The Base Girl is standing
text: next to the KR. She points at a man and says he should
dialog: confess.
text: The man VICTIM/INFORMANT (birthmark on his face)confesses for
text: taking something small for his child who is sick.
text: He is punished and tied to a tree near the children.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 33A.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP
text: Loung and Chou on their way to work. They pass the man still
text: tied to the tree. Loung looks at the KR near him. Wondering
dialog: how one man could do that to another.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP GARDEN - EARLY MORNING
text: Weeks have passed. (Transition possibly by coming down from
text: the sun) The seeds have begun to sprout and the vines have
text: grown. She smiles and tends to them. She puts her head down
dialog: and continues to work.
dialog: 34.
text: Loung notices the change of rice fields.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP DINING HALL - EVENING
text: Social contact among the new people is almost nonexistent.
text: Everyone keeps to themselves, fearing that if they share
dialog: personal thoughts or feelings someone will report them to the
dialog: Angkar.
text: Loung and Chou sits in silence. She looks at her food. The
dialog: rations are less.
text: Loung notices the man who had been tied to the tree
text: VICTIM/INFORMANT. His body language catches her eye. He is
text: humble but close to the KR. Giving information.
text: They seem to be talking about Pa. This makes Loung very
dialog: uncomfortable.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP STREAM - DAY
text: Loung’s POV of cows moving though the river. We reveal she is
text: in the river. Loung, Chou and the other girls wash their
text: clothes in a nearby stream. Without detergent they are never
dialog: very clean.
text: Loung looks at another group of older women down the stream.
text: She sees Ma who gives her a secret smile. DAVI catches her
text: eye. Despite the war and the famine, Davi's body is that of
text: a young woman. Her hair is cut short, but is thick and curly
text: and frames her small, oval face nicely. Loung stares at her
text: large, round brown eyes with their long lashes.
text: Davi sees her and shyly looks away.
text: Loung smiles at Keav who playfully splashes her with water.
text: Loung splashes back.
scene_heading: OMITTED - NOW SCENE 132A
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - DUSK
speaker_heading: MONSOON #1
dialog: 35.
text: Months have passed. Loung is out looking at the clouds. Loung
text: and Chou are washing their hair and scrubbing their bodies by
text: the side of their hut.
text: Loung notices three KR walk to Davi’s family's hut and tell
dialog: her parents they needed Davi to be the wife of a handicapped
text: soldier. Davi's mother cries and wraps her arms around her
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: DAVI’'S MOTHER
dialog: Take me. Davi is a lazy girl. Take
dialog: me.
text: Davi cries harder at their words and clung desperately to her
text: mother. Loung is too frightened to move.
speaker_heading: DAVI’'S FATHER
dialog: (on his knees)
dialog: Please. Not my daughter. Please.
text: The KR grab Davi by her arms and pull her from her mother's
text: shaking hug. Davi sobs loudly, begging them to let her stay
text: but the KR drag her on. Her mother falls to her knees, palms
text: together, and pleads with them not to take her only daughter.
text: The father, still on his knees, lowers his head to the
text: ground, banging his forehead on the dirt, and also pleading
dialog: with the KR.
text: As they take her away, Davi turns around many times to see
text: both her parents still on the ground, palms together, praying
text: for her. She looks back until she can see them no more. Loung
text: focus on Davi’s father and the pain in his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Loung sits still as Keav combs her hair. She watches as Meng
dialog: and Kim play with Geak.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP GARDEN - MORNING
text: Loung and the others arrive to see all vegetables have been
text: taken from the ground. She watches as the chlops carry them
text: away in crates. She and Chou begin again to prepare the land
text: for the next crop. She looks over at Davi’s sister.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - MORNING
text: Everyone is up early. Loung notices Khouy who seems upset.
text: She notices Pa and Meng having a serious private talk. Ma
text: packs Keav’s black pyjama pants and shirt in a scarf. Keav
text: sits next to Ma with their hands touching. Loung is trying
dialog: to understand what is happening.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - DAY
text: Quietly Loung walks with her family to the town square where
text: other teenagers and families have already gathered. Other
text: teenagers have tears in their eyes as do their distraught
text: parents. Loung now understands.
text: Meng musses Loung’s hair and gives her a smile. Loung watches
text: as the Village Chief calls them out and the base people hand
text: out tools and give them a plot number.
scene_heading: RO LEAP KHMER ROUGE LEADER
text: The revolution is not taking place
dialog: in this village alone; it is taking
dialog: place throughout all of Kampuchea.
dialog: Angkar needs strong young men and
dialog: women. The Angkar knows what is
dialog: best. We must trust in Angkar.
text: She watches as Khouy and Meng steal glances at Pa as they get
text: in line and begin to move off.
text: Keav and Ma wish they could embrace. They look into each
text: others eyes. Both full of tears. In a matter of minutes, the
text: chlops lead the children away while the families watch in
text: quiet despair.
text: Keav looks to Loung who tries to muster a smile, then she
text: hugs Pa and walks away in her black shirt and pants that are
text: frayed at the hem.
text: Loung watches Keav as she follows the soldiers, with twenty
text: other boys and girls, never looking back. Chou and Loung
text: watch with tears in their eyes and watch until Keav’s figure
text: is no longer in sight.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Loung watches Chou sleeping. She looks over at the empty
text: place where Meng, Khouy and Keav used to sleep. Tears fall
text: from her big brown eyes.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: Angkar is right. Soon the country
dialog: will be prosperous. Angkar will
dialog: take care of them.
text: Loung is confused, then hears footsteps. She looks through
text: the slats to see two Chlops walking away. She looks to Pa.
text: Silently they express the understanding.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - RIVER - DAY
speaker_heading: END OF MONSOON #1
text: Loung, Chou and other girls walk in line to get water. Each
text: balancing two water pails on a long flat piece of wood over
text: their shoulders. They approach the water when, a stench
text: attacks Loung's nose and she begins to cough. Coming around
text: the path into a clearing, she knows what the smell is before
text: she even spots the body. The corpse lies decomposing in the
text: sun. She holds her breath and walk toward it.
speaker_heading: CHOU
dialog: Let’s go
text: Loung waves her hand at Chou and proceeds forward while she
text: stays back. Pinching her nose, she approaches it. (Possibly
text: face down but gun shots to make clear executed)
text: Black hair sinks into the grass, becoming one with the dirt.
text: The chest cavity is caved in beneath the black clothes, home
text: to hundreds of the black-green flies feasting on the body.
text: Loung covers her mouth to push down vomit, not daring to look
text: anymore. Quickly, she turns and walks away, but the smell of
text: death still clings to her clothes.
speaker_heading: CHOU (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
text: Trying to loosen the body to float
dialog: down stream.
text: Loung removes her pails, and with her stick helps to push the
text: body away. With the two of them beating on it, it bobs and
text: sways even more. Finally they loosen the leg and the body
text: floats a few feet down before getting stuck again near the
text: bank. This time he is inches away from them.
speaker_heading: LOUNG (CONT'D)
dialog: On three.
text: After a concerted effort, the body finally floats down the
text: river, his long hair spreading around. They wait a few
text: minutes until they believe the body fluids have all floated
text: past them before fetching the water. They move up stream for
dialog: a clean area.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP DINING HALL - DAY
text: Rain falls. Loung and Chou line up with soup bowls in hand
text: along with the other girls to receive their rations. The
dialog: cooks used to serve them rice gruel, but now there are only
text: enough grains in the pot to make soup. (the soup is now very
dialog: clear)
text: When it’s Loung’s turn to receive the food, she watches
text: anxiously as the cook stirs the rice soup. Staring at the
text: rice pot, she lets out a breath of hopelessness when she sees
text: the lady take the ladle and stir the soup. Both hands tightly
text: gripping her bowl, Loung takes her two ladle fulls and walks
text: to a spot away from all the others.
text: Loung sits quietly, savoring it spoonful by spoonful,
text: drinking the broth first. What's left at the bottom of her
text: bowl is approximately three spoonfuls of rice, and she has to
text: make this last. She eats the rice slowly. Tears mix with the
text: food in her mouth. Her heart falls to her stomach when all
text: the eight grains are gone and she sees that the others are
text: still eating theirs.
text: She studies them. Everyone is thinner. They look like the
dialog: walking dead.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Loung can’t sleep. She looks at Chou. How her face has
dialog: changed.
text: Loung hears movement. She looks over in the direction of her
text: parents. She sees her father caressing her mother. She has
text: never seen them in such an intimate way before. She feels she
text: should look away but it warms her to see how Pa loves Ma. He
text: kisses her neck. (Not sex. Just affection. All very subtle so
dialog: nothing would be noticed by guards passing by.)
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - DAY
text: Standing in the rows of ripe red bell peppers, tomatoes, and
text: green cucumbers, the sun burns hot on Loung’s skin, drenching
dialog: her clothes.
text: In the next field over, Kim wipes his forehead and continues
text: his work in silence. As her fingers pluck the green beans,
text: Loung’s mouth waters. Feeling the fuzzy hair of the beans
text: between her thumb and finger, she craves to put it in her
dialog: mouth.
text: Loung hears yelling. Chou is suddenly being questioned.
text: She reveals a bean in her hands half eaten. She begs for
text: forgiveness as tears roll down her face. Loung studies her
text: sister. She has never seen her like this. Her heart breaks
dialog: for her.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - DAY
text: On the way back from work, in line with the other girls,
text: Loung reaches for Chou’s hand. She holds it for a moment
text: sending her a silent message.
text: Loung’s POV of Pa working.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP WELL - MORNING
speaker_heading: DRY SEASON #2
text: A distorted image of Loung.
dialog: 40.
text: Loung is looking at her reflection in a pond. She has not
text: seen herself since Phnom Penh. The blurred child stares back
text: at her. She touches her face knowing how much it has changed.
dialog: She is always so tired. Starvation has done terrible things
text: to her body. Her body is thin all over, except for her
text: stomach and her feet. She lifts up her shirt and counts every
text: rib in her rib cage. Her stomach protrudes outward, bloated
text: like a ball between her chest and hips.
text: She looks at her feet. Calloused and dirty.
text: Loung and Chou roam the area for beetles, and crickets. Loung
text: catches a beetle and eats it. They pick up a handful of dirt
text: each, sift it in their hands as the big pebbles rise. They
text: take out the big pebbles and eat the rest of the dirt
text: Loung tilts her face up to the sky, forcing herself to look
text: directly into the sun. The brightness stings her eyes making
text: her temporarily blind.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - LATE DAY
text: The blue sky. Loung’s POV.
speaker_heading: DRY SEASON
text: Loung notices the leaves have shriveled and the trees brown.
text: People transporting dead bodies along the principal road to
text: the village to bury behind the village. They transport in a
text: very old mat or braided bamboo. One or two people follow the
text: body with a pickaxe.
text: A child cries in front of his house. Thin people work here
text: and there like zombies.
text: Under the summer sun, the stench of death is so strong in the
text: village, Loung covers her nose and mouth with her hands and
text: breathe only the air that filters through her fingers. The
text: neighbors are too weak to bury all the corpses. Some bodies
text: of recently dead lay waiting to be taken away. A very skinny
text: dog looks hungrily at the flesh. The smell permeates the
text: surrounding air.
text: She watches as the bodies are collected. Loung has seen the
text: ritual performed so many times that she now feels nothing.
text: A KR walks by and gives her a stern look. She stares back.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Loung lies on her mat. She watches as Pa puts a few spoon
text: fulls of uncooked rice in the secret rice bag. He puts the
text: bag, inside a container, and hides it beneath a small pile of
text: clothes so that the other villagers cannot see it.
text: PA watches three Chlops passing by on the main road of the
text: village before hiding the rice.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
scene_heading: LOUNG’S DREAM (KUBRICK STYLE- CENTERED AND COLORFUL)
text: The shadow of a KR looking towards Loung like in the previous
dialog: scene.
text: Loung is sitting alone at a long table. The table is covered
dialog: with all of her favorite food in the world. There is food
text: everywhere as far as her eyes can see! Red and crispy roasted
text: pig, brown and golden duck, steaming dumplings, plump fried
dialog: shrimp, and all kinds of sweet cakes! Everything looks so
text: real. She shoves everything into her mouth at once with both
text: hands, licking her fingers deliciously.
text: Yet the more she eats the hungrier she becomes. She eats with
text: great anxiety and urgency, fearing the Khmer Rouge soldiers
dialog: will come and take it all away from her. She is so greedy,
text: she does not want to share the food with anyone. She sees
text: shadows. She gorges and hides foods.
scene_heading: LOUNG’S DREAM ENDS
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - 2 AM
text: Loung lays awake. Her stomach pains with hunger. She slowly,
text: quietly, gets up and goes over the others sleeping bodies to
text: get to the container. With her heart pounding, she slowly
text: lifts off the top. Her hand reaches in and takes out a
text: handful of uncooked rice (or snails or crickets) and quickly
text: shoves it into her hungry mouth before anyone wakes and makes
text: her put it back. Afraid that the crunch of uncooked rice
text: might wake the others, she softens the grains with saliva.
text: When it’s soft enough, her teeth grinds the rice grains,
text: producing a sweet taste that slowly down her throat. She
text: wants more but stops herself.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - 6 AM
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Pa, someone was in the container
dialog: last night.
text: Pa checks the container. He considers--
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: Maybe some rats got into it.
text: Pa wraps it up tight and moves it higher.
text: Pa looks at Loung. Shame burns her hand like a hot iron. As
text: if to rescue her, Geak wakes up and her cries of hunger
text: interrupt the incident. The guilt weighs heavily on Loung.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP HUT - 6:10 AM
text: Loung keeps to herself washing food bowls in a bucket in
text: front of the hut.
text: Geak walks up to Loung and tugs at her clothes. Loung gently
text: pushes her away. Geak tries again. She wants Loung to pick
text: her up. Loung moves away from Geak.
text: Pa walks out of the hut on his way to work.
text: Chou comes over to help Loung. Kim walks by and intentionally
text: knocks against Loung as he passes on his way to work. She
text: looks up and he gives her a look. He knows.
text: Loung’s lips quiver with shame. Chou grabs her hand.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - EARLY MORNING
text: Loung and Chou walk in line with others towards the garden.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: That night, Loung stares at Ma as she boils water for tea.
text: She remembers that Ma used to be so beautiful. Now red lips
text: are purple and dry, her cheeks are sunken, there are deep
text: shadows under her eyes, her porcelain white skin is brown and
text: wrinkled from the sun. Loung looks into her tea.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - EARLY MORNING
text: A beautiful orange sun rises.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP HUT - EARLY MORNING
scene_heading: DRY SEASON BEFORE MONSOON #2
text: Early morning as everyone gets ready to report for work.
text: Loung and Chou return to the hut with the water buckets. Ma
text: sits on the porch combing Geak’s hair and looking for lice.
text: She washes her when the water arrives.
text: Loung watches Pa head out to work. A GIRL arrives in the
text: village. She shows her pass to a chlop. She speaks to some
text: people and is guided towards the Loung’s family hut.
text: Loung watches as she comes closer. She seems concerned.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I’ve come with a message from
dialog: Comrade Keav.
text: The family gathers to listen. Ma shifts Geak on her hip.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: She has been sick. You are
dialog: permitted to visit.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - MORNING
text: Chou is left home with Geak. Loung watches Ma put the slip in
text: her pocket as she leads them toward the road.
scene_heading: INT. RUN DOWN HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Ma guides Loung into the (pagoda or school turned into a
text: makeshift-) hospital. The sounds of suffering overwhelm her.
text: The room is full of patients. Most alone. One young boy
text: already dead.
text: Loung is just tall enough to see over the beds. She notices
text: coke bottles used as IV drips.
text: Splatter of blood on the floor catches Loung’s attention. A
text: nurse pushes past her. Across the room Loung recognizes Keav.
text: Loung is almost too afraid to walk forward.
text: When Loung and Ma appear they see there seems to be no flesh
text: left on Keav's body. Keav's eyes are sunken deep into their
text: sockets, and she can hardly open them to look at her. When
text: she first sees Ma she does not recognize her. Keav wheezes
text: and gasps for air just from trying to talk to her. Ma breaks
text: down and weeps.
text: Keav keeps asking for Pa. She is so weak she cannot raise her
text: hand to wave the (CG) flies away from her face. She is so
dialog: dirty. They didn't even clean up her mess up. They just let
text: her lie there in her sickness and dirty sheets. Ma gets upset
text: and tries to help clean her. Loung looks to her sister. The
text: sight of her is terrifying.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP GARDEN - DAY
text: Days later. Clouds in the sky. (Land is wet from 167-172,
text: sometimes rain). Loung and Chou work the land.
dialog: 45.
text: Loung sees the GIRL who came with a message about Keav. She
text: watches from a distance as she is led to Ma in the fields.
text: Loung looks on as her mother notices the girl and braces
dialog: herself for the news.
text: We can tell from the body language that Keav has died. With
text: the KR watching neither Ma nor Loung or Chou can express
dialog: their grief.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: The hut is silent. Grief hangs heavy. Ma quietly making tea.
text: Pa sitting alone. (Possibly carving for Chou, Loung and Kim)
text: Loung and Chou whisper before bed.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: What happens when people die?
speaker_heading: CHOU
dialog: First they sleep peacefully not
text: knowing they are dead. They sleep
dialog: for three days and then on the
text: third day they wake up. That’s when
text: they realize they are dead. Then
text: they walk to a river, wash the dirt
dialog: off their bodies, and start their
dialog: journey to heaven to wait for their
dialog: next life.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: When will they come back?
speaker_heading: CHOU
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: I hope she won’t come back here.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP STREAM - DAY
text: Chou and Loung are at the stream doing laundry. They are
text: surrounded by other girls doing the same. No splashing or
text: laughter now. Only silence. Like Loung and Chou, the children
dialog: are so starved they hardly have the energy to wash the
dialog: clothes.
dialog: 45A.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - DAY
scene_heading: BEFORE DRY SEASON.
text: Base children play. Loung feels hate for them.
dialog: 46.
text: The air is hotter and drier now. Time passes slowly. Loung
text: and Chou eat lunch huddled together. The food rations have
dialog: reduced even more.
text: The man with the Birthmark (who was tied to the tree) is
text: speaking with a Chlop. Loung notices as they give Pa a look.
text: Pa lowers his head.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: I’m going to kill them one day.
text: She looks back and sees Chou smiling to herself.
speaker_heading: LOUNG (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t think I can? I can.
speaker_heading: CHOU
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I don’t want you to. I don’t want
dialog: anyone to kill (hurt) anyone.
text: Chou looks sad.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: How would they know?
text: Lying on her back next to Chou and Kim, Loung pretends to be
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: Someone probably denounced me.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: How is it possible? We hid our
dialog: names. Everything.
text: Loung rolls over to her side. Ma and Pa become quiet, waiting
text: for her to go back to sleep. Staring at Kim's back, Loung
text: forces herself to breathe regularly. Pa whispers something we
dialog: can not hear.
speaker_heading: MA (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: No. Please. They are too young.
text: They cannot defend themselves.
text: Pa takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: Not now then, but soon.
dialog: 46A.
text: Geak kicks and moans in her sleep. Ma picks her up and puts
text: her down between Pa and herself. Loung rolls over once more,
text: this time facing Chou's back. She spies Ma and Pa asleep
text: facing each other on their sides with Geak in the middle,
text: their hands touching above Geak's head.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP HUT - LATE DAY
text: The next evening, while sitting with Kim outside on the steps
text: of their hut (sweeping). Loung looks out at the camp, and up
text: to the sky. When Loung focuses her eyes back on the earth,
text: she sees two men in black walking towards her with their
text: rifles casually hanging on their backs.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: KHMER ROUGE WITH RIFLE
dialog: Is Comrade Nath here?
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Yes comrade.
text: Pa hears them and comes out of the hut, his body rigid as our
text: family gathers around him.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: Comrades, what can I do for you?
scene_heading: KHMER ROUGE WITH RIFLE
dialog: We need your help to repair the
dialog: bridge near Prey Svay. Come with us
dialog: Comrade.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: Could you please wait a moment so
dialog: that I can pack my things?
text: The soldiers nod to Pa. Pa and Ma go inside the hut.
text: Loung stares at a dirty ax hanging on the side of the
text: soldiers belts. There is something on it. It could be dirt it
text: could be blood. There is also rope on the belt of one KR. The
text: soldier smiles at her. Loung looks away.
text: She notices the Man with the birthmark. He looks guilty and
text: turns back into his hut.
text: Loung moves to the wall and looks through the slats in the
text: wall. She sees her father embracing her mother in a way she
text: has never seen. So deeply loving and intimate. She holds him
text: so tight as if she could keep him with her forever if only
dialog: she never let go. (To discuss what he packs and what he
text: leaves behind. Possibly a strand of Keav’s hair)
text: Tears fall from her face. Pa wipes her tears and lifts her
text: head. He needs her to be strong. He gives her one last kiss.
text: Loung looks away. Her focus returns to the soldiers in front
dialog: of her.
text: Moments later, Pa comes out alone. Inside, Loung hears Ma
text: sobbing quietly. Opposite the soldiers, Pa straightens his
dialog: shoulders, and for the first time since the Khmer Rouge
text: takeover, he stands tall. Thrusting out his chin and holding
text: his head high.
text: Looking up at him, Loung sees his chest inflates and exhales
text: deeply, and his jaw is square as he clenches his teeth.
text: Loung reaches up her hand and lightly tugs at his pants leg.
text: Pa puts his hand on her head and tousles her hair.
dialog: 48.
text: Suddenly he surprises her and picks her up off the ground.
text: His arms tight around her, Pa holds her and kisses her hair.
text: Loung’s feet dangling in the air, she squeezes her eyes shut
text: and wrap her arms around his neck, not wanting to let go.
speaker_heading: PA (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: My beautiful girl.
text: His lip quivers into a small smile.
text: Pa puts Loung down. He walks slowly to Chou and takes Geak
text: from her arms. Looking into her face, he cradles her and
text: gently rocks her back and forth before bending and gathering
text: Chou into his arms also. His head high and his chest puffed
text: out like a small man, Kim walks over to Pa and stands quietly
text: next to him. Letting go of Chou and Geak, Pa stoops down and
text: lays both hands on Kim's shoulders. As Kim's face crumbles,
text: Pa's face is rigid and calm.
speaker_heading: PA (CONT'D)
dialog: Look after your Ma and your sisters
dialog: and yourself.
text: Pa walks away with a soldier on either side of him. Loung
text: stands and waves to him. She watches Pa's figure get smaller
text: and smaller, and still she waves to him, hoping he will turn
text: around and wave back. He never does. She watches until his
text: figure disappears into the horizon. When she can no longer
text: see Pa, Loung turns around and goes.
text: Loung looks inside their hut, where Ma sits in the corner of
text: the room crying.
text: In her heart she knows the truth, but her mind cannot accept
text: the reality of what this all means. Loung watches as Chou and
text: Kim go to her to ask what has happened.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Loung lies on her back. Outside the wind blows in the
text: branches, and the leaves rustle and sing to each other. The
text: clouds part, and the moon and stars shine and give life to
text: the darkness. Time stands still this night.
text: IMAGES IN LOUNG’S HEAD AS SHE IMAGINES WHAT HAPPENED TO HER
speaker_heading: FATHER-
dialog: 49,
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: A dark hole in the ground. There are already many dead people
text: in the mass grave, their bodies sprawled on top of each
text: other. Their black pajama clothes are soaked with blood.
text: A soldier leads a man to the edge of the hole, his arms tied
text: behind his back. It’s Pa. The soldier pushes on Pa's
text: shoulders, making him kneel. The soldier has blindfolded him.
text: Pa prays silently. The soldier raises the ax above his head.
text: Pa is killed.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Tears fall from Loung’s eyes.
text: She slides next Chou. Beside them, Kim holds on tight to
dialog: Geak.
text: Loung’s mind swirls with pain and anger. The pain spasm
text: convulses as if it is eating away her linings. Turning on her
text: side, she digs her hands into her stomach and squeezes it
text: violently to make the physical pain stop. Then the sadness
text: surrounds her. Dark and black it looms over her, pulling her
text: deeper and deeper into it. HER EYES GROW COLD.
text: She can still hear the faint noise of Ma's muffled cries
text: outside, but now does not feel her pain. She is becoming
dialog: numb.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - MORNING
text: Ma is up before anyone else the next morning. Her face is all
text: puffy, her eyes are red and swollen shut.
text: Loung watches as Ma folds Pa’s clothes and puts them and his
text: few other belongings in a loving pile and tucks them away.
text: She notices Kim. He helps Geak change. He is different
text: somehow. As if he now knows he must be the man of the house.
text: He straightens up as if making the decision. The loudspeakers
text: announces. Loung watches Kim walk to work.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - EARLY MORNING
speaker_heading: DRY SEASON
text: Ma and the other women harvest the rice.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP CORNFIELD - MORNING
text: Stalks of corn in the sunlight. Loung looks over at Kim who
text: is nearby working with the other young boys. He looks at the
text: men guarding the corn. He watches as they stand nearby
dialog: enjoying cigarettes.
text: One Chlop looks at Loung. She stares back defiantly. He only
text: winks, making it worse.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Loung watches- Kim won't hear no. He is determined. He takes
text: a krama and heads out the door. Chou and Loung don’t try to
text: stop him. They watch as he goes.
text: Ma looks afraid. She doesn’t move.
dialog: Later-
text: Kim is still not back. (Find a visual way to show passage of
text: time.) Loung looks to Ma who is holding Geak for comfort.
text: Chou sits in the corner of the room, staring out into her own
dialog: world.
text: Suddenly Kim climbs into the hut. He is smiling and carrying
text: a bag of fresh corn. Loung rushes to help him carry it into
text: the house. Seeing Kim, Ma puts Geak down so she can greet
text: him. They stay very quiet so not to attract attention.
text: Loung edges herself closer and closer to the bags of corn.
text: Her nose inhales the aroma. Her eyes fixate on the yellow
dialog: ears.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: They have turned us into thieves.
dialog: 51.
text: Loung hears this but can’t listen. Her stomach is too empty
dialog: to feel anything but happy for the food.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - NIGHT
text: (discuss how it is cooked) The clouds are moving furiously
text: fast, blocking any moonbeams from touching the earth. Ma
text: passes around the corn. Kim plays with Geak who seems a bit
dialog: livelier.
text: Later- Ma tells a story as she combs knots out of Geak’s
dialog: hair.
text: She tells the story. She smiles at Kim. The story is for him.
text: Loung and Ma share a smile. It’s been a while since she has
dialog: felt that connection.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: The following night, Loung watches Kim sling a bag (or scarf)
text: over his shoulders and climb down the steps of the hut.
text: His knees buckle when he reaches the ground. Quickly, he
text: straightens himself before anyone notices.
text: Loung grabs a bag, slings it over her shoulder and follows
text: behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - NIGHT
text: The sky is very dark.
text: His small feet carry him into the darkness. Kim looks behind
text: him frightened upon hearing a noise. He breathes a deep sigh
text: of relief when he realizes it’s Loung. He gestures for her to
dialog: stay quiet.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP CORNFIELD - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: Then he sees the field ahead of him. It is thick with stalks
text: of corn, each with three or four ears, standing twice the
text: size of the small boy. His eyes scan the area all around him.
text: Kim runs from his hiding place into the cornfield. His
text: fingers work busily to fill the bags.
text: Loung comes closer.
dialog: 52.
text: Suddenly, two hands grab Kim from behind and throw him to the
text: ground. He tries to get back on his feet. Through her hiding
text: place in the field, Loung sees two Khmer Rouge, their rifles
text: slung across their backs. One soldier grabs Kim by the arm
text: and pulls him off the ground, but his knees buckle. His head
text: spins. He is shaking with terror. A hand slaps him hard on
text: the face. The pain is sharp and cutting, but he bites his
text: jaws together to stop its hurt.
speaker_heading: KR
dialog: How dare you steal from Angkar.
dialog: Thief!
text: They yell at him, but he is too stunned to hear them. More
text: hands push him down. He is on all fours now and following
text: their orders when a hard-booted foot kicks him in the
text: stomach, knocking his breath away. He is in the mud again,
text: gasping for breath.
text: LOUNG is frozen with fear. She desperately wants to run to
text: her brother but she can’t. She stares, unable to look away.
text: Another foot stomps on his back and pushes his face into the
text: mud. He opens his mouth, gasping for air, but instead chokes
text: on a mouthful of mud. He is sick with terror, and he does not
text: know what to do next. A hand pulls him up by the hair and a
text: soldier is staring at him.
speaker_heading: KR (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you going to steal again?
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: No comrade.
text: Kim whimpers as blood drips out of his mouth. But that isn't
text: enough for them. More hands and more legs continue their
text: assault on him. The same questions are asked of him and the
dialog: same answer is given.
text: Then one takes his rifle off his shoulder and points it at
text: him. Kim cries, tears pouring out.
speaker_heading: KIM (CONT'D)
dialog: (trembling)
dialog: Please. Please don’t kill me.
text: One laughs at him. He is no longer a boy trying to be the man
text: of the house. He is just a twelve-year-old boy now, looking
text: into the barrel of a rifle.
speaker_heading: KIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Please comrade. Please don’t kill
dialog: me. I will never do it again.
dialog: Please.
dialog: 53.
text: He turns the rifle around and smashes its butt into Kim's
text: skull. The soldier pushes Kim with his rifle as if telling
dialog: him to move.
speaker_heading: KR
dialog: (with warning)
dialog: Those who steal anything from the
dialog: community are enemies. No gain in
dialog: keeping, no loss in weeding out.
dialog: Next time I will kill you. Go.
text: Kim rises unsteadily to his feet and limps home.
text: Loung trails very slowly, quietly behind.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Loung sees Ma put her hands over her mouth to stifle a
text: scream. Against the backdrop of the dark, she sees Kim's
text: twelve-year-old body. In his hand are two empty bags. Ma sees
text: the unmistakable color of blood on his clothes and marks on
text: his muddy face. His eyes are half closed, he is shaken, but
text: he does not cry. Ma rushes over to him and gently touches his
text: wounded face. She cries over his cut swollen lips and cringes
text: as she touches the blood dripping from his skull.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: My poor little boy, my poor little
dialog: boy. Look what they have done to
dialog: you. My poor little boy.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Kim is quiet and does not resist Ma's help taking off his
text: bloody shirt. Chou bites her lip at seeing her brother's body
text: so badly beaten. Raw, red marks and painful bruises are
text: everywhere on his rib cage and back. Geak begins to cry.
text: Loung stands in the corner with more conviction than ever to
text: kill these soldiers, to avenge the blood that drips from her
text: brother's skull.
text: Kim does not cry. He flinches when Ma puts a wet rag on his
text: bruised and bleeding head. (This time seeing a deep wound,
text: Loung doesn’t look away. She stares at it, following the
text: blood from the gash down to the small puddle on the floor)
text: Ma lays Kim down, he closes his eyes, and falls asleep.
speaker_heading: LATER-
dialog: 54.
text: Fearing he might die and Loung will not know about it, she
text: walks over to him every few minutes and puts her hand under
text: his nose to feel his breath.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP GARDEN - DAY
text: The children work in the garden. Loung looks across to the
text: area where Kim is. His wounds are almost healed. He is now
text: more withdrawn. She looks at him he looks like the little boy
text: that he is. She feels for him.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - EVENING
text: Loung is focused on Geak. (possibly brushing her hair and
text: looking for lice) Noticing how frail she is.
text: Ma returns from work. She gathers Kim, Chou, and Loung
text: together. With all of them sitting in a circle waiting for
text: her, Ma nervously walks around the hut outside to make sure
text: no one can hear. When she joins her children, her eyes are
text: filled with tears.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: You three have to leave and go far
dialog: away. You will go in different
dialog: directions. Kim, to the south; Chou
dialog: north; and Loung east. Walk until
dialog: you come to a work camp. Tell them
dialog: you are orphans and they will take
dialog: you in. Change your names. Don’t
dialog: even tell each other your new
dialog: names. Don’t let people know who
dialog: you are.
text: Ma's voice grows stronger with determination as the words
text: pour out.
speaker_heading: MA (CONT'D)
dialog: This way if they catch you, they
dialog: cannot get to the rest because you
dialog: will have no information to give
dialog: them.
text: Her mouth says many more words, but Loung cannot hear them.
text: Fear creeps its way into her body, making it tremble.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: I don’t want to go.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: You have no choice.
text: Loung is too shocked to speak.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Loung watches as Ma packs their things.
text: Chou and Kim are dressed and ready to go. Chou hugging Geak.
text: Ma packs Loung’s one pair of clothes, wraps food bowl in a
text: scarf, and ties it diagonally around her back.
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP HUT - NIGHT
text: Slowly Loung climbs down the steps to where Chou and Kim are
text: waiting for her.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: Remember, don’t go together and
dialog: don’t come back.
text: Loung’s heart sinks as she realizes Ma really is sending them
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: I’m not going.
text: Loung plants her feet to the ground, refusing to move.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: Yes, you are. I don’t want you
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: I’m not going.
speaker_heading: MA
dialog: I cannot take care of all you kids.
dialog: You are too much work for me. I
dialog: WANT you to leave.
text: Ma stares at them blankly. Loung’s arms reach out for Ma
text: pleading with her to take her into her arms. But she swats
text: Loung back with a quick slap.
speaker_heading: MA (CONT'D)
dialog: Now go.
dialog: 56.
text: She turns Loung around by the shoulders and bends down to
text: give her a hard swat on the butt, pushing her away.
text: Kim is already walking away from them with his eyes looking
text: ahead and his back rigid. Chou follows slowly behind him, her
text: sleeves continuously wiping her eyes. Reluctantly, Loung
text: drags herself away from Ma and catches up with them. After a
text: few steps, she turns around and sees that Ma has already gone
text: back into the hut. Geak sits at the door, watching them
text: leave. She lifts her hand and waves to Loung. Loung can’t
text: bring herself to wave back.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - MORNING
text: The three siblings walk in silence.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
dialog: Hours later -
text: The sun climbs to the backs of their heads, scorching them.
text: It is time for Kim to go off on his own path. He stops his
text: sisters and again repeats Ma's instructions without emotion.
text: Without words of good-bye or good luck, he turns and walks
text: away. Loung doesn’t know if or when she will ever see him
text: again. With her hands clenched into fists by her sides, she
text: stands there and her eyes follow his body until she can no
dialog: longer see him.
text: Chou and Loung look at the fork in the road. They stand for a
text: while before they decide they cannot separate themselves so
text: they head off in the same direction. (Chou will find Loung’s
text: hand and pull her gently with her.)
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Loung and Chou walk in silence all through the morning as the
text: sun beats down on them. Their eyes look everywhere for signs
text: of human life but find none. All around them, the trees are
text: brown, their green leaves, wilted in the heat of the white
text: sky, hanging quietly on the branches. The only sound comes
text: from their feet and the pebbles that roll away from their
dialog: toes.
dialog: 57.
text: Ahead of them Loung sees KR. Her heart begins to beat rapidly
text: as they approach.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: Comrade, we are orphans. We are
dialog: looking for a place to live.
text: The soldier stares at her. She feels he knows she is lying.
text: Finally he guides her.
speaker_heading: KR GUIDE
dialog: This way for xxx turn right when
dialog: you see a flag and follow the dirt
text: path to the fields.
text: They thank him respectfully and move on.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Chou and Loung pass the flag and follow the dirt trail
text: winding and stretching before them. It is afternoon when they
text: finally see a camp.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP - DAY
text: Loung looks at the camp. It consists of six huts. Opposite
text: them are two open huts that are used as the communal kitchen
text: and three smaller huts where the supervisors live. The camp
text: is surrounded by rice fields on all sides. The children are
text: harvesting. Another fifty children lined up at the wells are
text: in the process of watering the gardens. Buckets of water are
dialog: passed from one person to person, the last person with the
text: bucket pours the water onto the garden and runs the bucket
text: back to the well.
text: Standing at the front, Chou and Loung are greeted by the camp
text: supervisor. MET BONG is as tall as Ma but much bigger and
text: more intimidating. Her black hair is cut chin-length and
text: square, the same style of all other KR women.
speaker_heading: MET BONG
dialog: Comrade, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: Met Bong, my sister and I are
dialog: orphans looking for a place to
dialog: live.
speaker_heading: MET BONG
dialog: How old are you?
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: I am seven. She is ten.
speaker_heading: MET BONG
dialog: Follow me.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP DINING AREA - EARLY EVENING
text: Loung and Chou line up with other girls. Loung is surprised
text: to see the food rations are much better. COCONUT CUTTING
text: GIRLS sit on mats preparing one for each workmate. She
text: watches as the food is put into her bowl. Then she and Chou
text: find a place to sit next to a sweet looking girl, NA, who
text: seems sad and alone.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP - MEETING ROOM - DUSK
text: Chou, Loung, Na, and others gather for nightly lessons.
text: Images of communist leaders hanging from the rafter. A
text: TEACHER reads the latest news or propaganda from the Angkar.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: (in a full voice)
dialog: Angkar is all powerful! Angkar is
dialog: the savior and liberator of the
dialog: Khmer people. You are the children
dialog: of Angkar. Long live the
dialog: revolutionary Angkar!
text: Children clap, raise their fisted arms and scream “Cheyo!
text: Cheyo! Cheyo!” (Viva! Viva! Viva!) Loung and Chou follow
dialog: suit, though they do not understand the propaganda of what
dialog: Teacher is saying.”
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Only you children are free from
text: stain. Clay is molded while it is
dialog: soft. Today our soldiers at the
dialog: front line crushed the Yuon enemies
dialog: who try to devour our country.
dialog: Cheyo/Viva our glorious
dialog: revolutionary army of Kampuchea!
speaker_heading: ALL GIRLS
dialog: (fists in the air)
dialog: Chevo! Chevo!
text: Anger builds inside Loung as she thinks of what Angkar and
dialog: the Khmer Rouge have done to her family.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP - NIGHT
text: Loung and Chou are wedged closely together on a wooden bamboo
text: plank with fifty other girls.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP RICE FIELDS - DAY
dialog: 
text: Loung and Chou now work in the rice fields with the other
text: girls. Harvesting is hard work. Loung watches the others to
text: learn what to do. Na helps her and shows her.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP
text: The girls return from work. VAN a girl around Chou’s age and
text: size makes herself known as a leader. She stares at Chou.
text: She finds her sweet soft nature weak.
dialog: 60.
text: Van pushes into Chou on purpose. Chou is of such a gentle
text: nature it really shocks her. She tries to move away from Van
text: who gets near her and pushes her again. SAT, Van's friend is
text: also there and giving Chou a hard time.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP
text: Another day working in the rice fields. Sweat pours down
text: Loung’s face. She looks over at Van who is saying things to
text: Chou under her breath. Chou is trying to be strong.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP - NIGHT
text: Chou and Loung hold each other as they sleep on the wood
text: boards surrounded by all the other girls.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP - EARLY EVENING
dialog: 
text: While washing up for dinner one evening, Van, walks up and
text: pinches Chou’s arm. She leans in and whispers something
dialog: cruel.
text: As if possessed by a will of their own, Loung’s arms reach
text: for her neck and her hands close around the girls throat,
text: squeezing hard. Van's face turns white with confusion. She
text: gasps for air, chokes under the pressure of Loung’s fingers.
text: She grabs Loung’s arms, her nails scratching her skin. Loung
text: refuses to let go. Sharp pain explodes on Loung’s shin as Van
text: kicks her. Loung lunges at her with her body, knocking her to
text: the ground. Sitting on her chest, Loung’s eyes pierce hers.
text: Her hands slap Van’s face.
text: Loung is pushed to the ground by Met Bong.
speaker_heading: MET BONG
dialog: Enough!
text: She points to Van.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: MET BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Go and wash up. (to Loung) You will
dialog: water the garden tonight. No
dialog: dinner. And no sleep until you
dialog: finish.
text: Met Bong instructs another girl to guard Loung and make sure
text: she does as she is told.
text: As Loung struggles to get up, the crowd around her slowly
text: dissipates. Chou looks down, unable to help. She grabs the
text: water pail to start to water the garden.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP GARDEN - EARLY EVENING TO NIGHT
text: Loung works while the girls eat their dinner, recite
text: propaganda at the nightly lessons (in the school room if
text: nearby), and get ready to go to bed. She does not cry,
dialog: scream, or beg for mercy.
text: Many hours into the night, Met Bong approaches and tells her
text: to go to sleep. Without looking at her, Loung drops her pail
text: and walks in her hut.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP - MORNING
dialog: 
scene_heading: MONSOON SEASON BEGINS
text: Loung works the field with other girls.
text: Months have passed and with increased food rations Loung and
text: Chou are still slim but they have grown stronger and seem
dialog: healthier.
text: Loung’s feet in the muddy water, Loung’s ankles and toes
text: start to itch. She lifts one foot out of the water and
text: reacts. There are fat black leeches on her ankles.
text: Loung pulls out a stalk of grass. Her hands hold both ends
text: of the stalk, and she swipes the grass down and around her
text: ankle. The leeches fall off onto the ground, leaving her
text: ankle bleeding.
text: She ties her pants tight around her ankles.
text: From afar, Met Bong screams for her.
text: Chou now works in the kitchen. Loung sees her as she passes
dialog: and reports to Met Bong.
dialog: 61A.
speaker_heading: MET BONG
dialog: (to Loung with elation)
dialog: You should be happy with yourself.
dialog: The camp you are going to is for
dialog: stronger children. There you will
dialog: be trained and help to fight the
dialog: war.
text: Loung tries to absorb what has just been told to her.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP - MORNING
dialog: 
text: At the break of dawn, Loung packs her clothes and food bowl.
text: Hooking their elbows together Chou and Loung walk towards Met
dialog: Bong.
text: The girls hug wrapping their arms tightly around each other.
text: Loung can feel Chou’s tears wet her hair. Met Bong announces
dialog: it is time for everyone to move. (discuss other ways to show
dialog: affection that are more suitable under KR)
text: Chou refuses to let go of Loung’s hand. With all her strength
text: Loung pulls her hand away and moves to catch up with the
text: others. She can’t look back. Loung holds back her tears and
text: lifts her head bracing herself for what’s to come.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - DAY
dialog: 
text: Met Bong leads Loung and two others to another camp a half an
text: hour’s walk away. When they arrive, Loung notices in many
text: ways it seems similar in set up to the old camp. Met Bong
text: passes them off to MET SREI. (Try a full camp bokotor
text: training as the new girls arrive.)
text: The new work camp is surrounded by forest. All around are
text: hammocks in tall palm trees that sway lightly in the wind.
text: Some boys are training. One looks at her and smiles, SMILING
text: BOY. He looks about twelve years old, has a round face, black
text: wavy hair, and a small, dark sinewy body.
text: This familiar gesture of human friendship is one that she has
text: become so unused to. She smiles slightly and turns her
text: attention back to the camp.
text: The camp is made up of about ninety girls and boys, their
text: ages ranging from Nine to fifteen. Loung is one of the
dialog: younger ones.
dialog: In this camp I suggest to have 2 groups of children, gathered
text: according to their age. Met Srei manages the group of girls
text: like Loung and a boy, Met Prem leads the unit of 13-16 boys -
dialog: only boys.
text: There could be a unit of young boys too and a unit of young
text: girls. But they all are separated when they sleep, when they
dialog: eat...
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Loung’s first night at the camp, the two groups gather around
text: a roaring bonfire to listen to the latest propaganda. Met
text: Srei stands before them preaching the message.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: MET SREI
dialog: We owe everything to Angkar! We are
dialog: strong because of the Angkar.
text: Loung joins the others in the obligatory fists in the air.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Chevo! Chevo!
speaker_heading: MET SREI
dialog: Youns are like the devil and some
dialog: refuse to die. We must use our
text: knives and spill their insides into
text: the dirt. Smash the Yuon agressors
dialog: who devour our country! Down!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Down! Down! Down! Baratchey!
dialog: Brarchey!
text: As if possessed by powerful spirits, her arms shaking
text: furiously at the sky, their lips moving faster and faster as
text: she spits words about the glory of the Angkar and the
text: unbeatable Khmer soldiers. The children's furor matches that
dialog: of the Met Srei’s.
speaker_heading: MET SREI
dialog: Long live the courageous,
dialog: invincible Revolutionary Army of
dialog: Kampuchea.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Cheyo! Cheyo!
text: They thunder in appreciation. Loung looks at the sea of fists
text: in the air.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: When the speeches are over, the circle opens up and the kids
text: gather to one side of the fire. Four boys get up from the
text: crowd, with mandolins and homemade drums in hand. They stand
text: to the side of the crowd and start to play their instruments.
text: They beat the drums and strum the mandolins while their feet
dialog: tap the ground.
text: Five girls walk up to the front and stand facing the crowd.
text: All are wearing beautiful black shirts and pants, not the
text: faded, gray-black Loung has on, but shiny and new, with
text: bright red scarves around their waists. They wear red
text: ribbons across their foreheads with red fake flowers made of
text: dyed straw. Forming a line, they sing and dance.
dialog: 64.
text: All the songs are about worshiping the powerful leader of the
dialog: Angkar, Pol Pot, the glory of Angkar society, and the
text: unbeatable Khmer soldiers.
dialog: Later-
text: They dance scenes depicting farmers at work, and a song about
text: a woman soldier hiding her knife in her skirt and thrusting
dialog: it into the heart of a Youn. It has been years since Loung
dialog: has heard music.
text: Watching the girls sing and dance, a strange feeling comes
text: over Loung. Though the words they sing describe images of
text: blood and war, the girls smile. Their hands move gracefully
text: in unison, their bodies sway and twirl to the rhythm of the
dialog: music.
text: FLASHBACK - a traditional dance from before the war. Gold
text: bracelets and headpieces glisten (Possibly also Chou dancing
scene_heading: at home) - FLASHBACK ENDS
text: The dancing continues. Loung watches the girls full of grace
dialog: and movement.
scene_heading: EXT. SOLDIER CAMP
text: Loung is given a new uniform and a hammock. She prepares for
dialog: her first night alone.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING FIELDS - DAY
text: Loung wears a new soldier uniform and green cap on her first
text: day of bokotor training. (kids nearby possibly sharpen
dialog: sticks, she joins later in the day)
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - MORNING
scene_heading: DRY SEASON BEGINS
text: Loung trains bokotor. She is more used to it now and has
dialog: gained a bit of weight.
text: She looks over and watches the boys bayonet fight training.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - DAY
dialog: 
dialog: Depending on their size and age, the children are given
text: different jobs and training. Loung sits with a group of girls
text: sharpening sticks and building traps.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - DUSK
dialog: 
text: The children are gathered around the fire. Loung stares at
text: the flames.
speaker_heading: TRAINING OFFICER
dialog: It is very easy to train someone to
dialog: use weapons but to train a mind is
dialog: more difficult. You must follow
text: orders without hesitation.
text: Loung looks at the faces of the other children listening.
text: Their big brown eyes glow by the light of the fire.
text: Met Srei leads the children in propaganda songs. Loung must
dialog: sing along.
scene_heading: INT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Loung climbs into her hammock. She looks around at the girls
dialog: she lives with. No one is a friend. No one can replace her
text: family. She sees two girls sleeping near each other. She
dialog: misses Chou.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - DAY
dialog: 
text: The Smiling Boy is there and this time Loung smiles back.
text: Met Srei calls the other children to her. They all come
text: together in the center of the camp.
text: Met Srei stands up and disappears, only to return moments
text: later with an armful of tools. They clang noisily as she
text: drops them in a pile in front of them.
speaker_heading: MET SREI
dialog: All these tools you already know.
dialog: But in the hands of fighters, they
text: are weapons of war. The machete
text: cuts. The hammer smashes. (re the
dialog: sickle) The point of the sickle can
text: pierce a person’s skull.
dialog: 66.
text: Met Srei picks a rifle from the pile, the same kind Loung has
dialog: seen many times before on the shoulders of the Khmer Rouge
dialog: soldiers.
speaker_heading: MET SREI (CONT'D)
dialog: This weapon is very expensive. It
dialog: is easy to shoot.
text: Met Srei calls Loung up from the group. She puts the rifle on
text: her small shoulder. Its butt digs into her chest.
text: Met Srei then instructs her to sling one arm over it,
text: balancing its weight with her arm. Loung does this easily but
text: against her will. She then takes the rifle and slips the
text: strap on Loung’s shoulder. The rifle hangs on her back a foot
text: from the ground, its butt bouncing lightly on her calf.
text: Loung focuses on it, realizing that this is the weapon that
text: made Kim bleed the same weapon that smashed into his skull.
text: SHE HAS FLASHES OF THAT MEMORY. Her hand shakes slightly, but
text: she steadies it by clutching the stock tightly until her
text: knuckles turn white.
speaker_heading: MET SREI (CONT'D)
dialog: Your extended left hand holds and
dialog: balances the rifle. Your right hand
text: aims and squeezes the trigger.
text: She calls each child one by one and teaches her how to hold
text: the rifle. Loung watches.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - DAY
dialog: 
text: Loung and others in a class to lay land mines.
text: She looks up and sees some of the boys gathered together as
text: they march out of the camp and off to war. Smiling Boy is
text: there. He’s not smiling this time.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - MORNING
text: Light shines through the trees. Suddenly we see movement. The
text: girls appear and disappear as they practice manoeuvres.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - NIGHT AM
dialog: 
text: Loung sits in fear.
dialog: 66A.
text: The sky is dark and cloudless, allowing the full moon to
text: shine through, giving everything an eerie, silvery glow.
dialog: 67.
text: The cool wind blows quietly. All is quiet, except for the
text: crickets.
text: The night sky looms ever more black in front of her.
text: Something rustles loudly in the tall grass. She holds her
text: breath and look around the compound. Her heart races. The
text: tree trunks expand and contract as if they are breathing. The
text: branches shake and swing, transform into hands. The grass
text: sways like waves heading toward her.
text: Loung clutches her weapon to her chest. Her eyes scanning the
dialog: trees.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - MORNING
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MONSOON SEASON
text: The ground is wet. The children train. The young girls,
text: covered in muddy water run in patterns. It almost looks like
text: they are playing but on closer investigation, they are being
dialog: taught to run in zigzag lines when in battle. Being taught to
text: dodge bullets. A comrade yells out and they all drop to the
text: ground and begin to crawl forward. (Practice laying land
dialog: mines or set traps)
text: As Loung crawls forward she has trouble seeing through all
text: the mud on her face. She is yelled at and pushes forward.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - DUSK
dialog: 
text: The rain falls on Loung as she and the other girls finish
text: another hard day in the rain bokotor training.
scene_heading: INT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The hammocks swing in the wind and rain. Loung lays awake
text: thinking of her family. She listens to the rain.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - MORNING
dialog: 
text: DRY SEASON BEGINS.
dialog: 68.
text: The sun shines down on Loung who appears stronger. She and
text: the other girls train with the few sickles, hoes, knives,
text: stakes, and guns that are available in the camp.
dialog: Later —
text: The children eat together. At breakfast, Loung hides food in
text: her scarf.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP
text: Loung’s fingers tremble as she buttons her black shirt. She
text: runs her fingers through her greasy hair to smooth it out.
scene_heading: OMITTED - CONTENT MERGED INTO SCENE 259
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - MORNING
dialog: 
text: Loung picks up her pass from Met Srei.
speaker_heading: MET SREI
dialog: Spend a few hours with your sister
text: then come back immediately.
text: She walks out the gates of the camp.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Following the same path she took a year ago, she walks back
dialog: to Ro Leap. When she was last on this road she was a scared
text: little kid. She is no longer that kid. (possibly passing the
dialog: labour camp where Chou is or the area she separated from Kim)
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - AFTERNOON
text: Finally Loung sees the village. It looks familiar yet it's
text: changed. Seems there are less people and more starved around
text: the huts. Too sick to work now. She stays low and in the
dialog: shadows.
text: The town square is deserted and quiet as she crosses it to
text: face the rows of huts. Her lungs expand and contract
text: rapidly. She forces herself closer to their hut.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. RO LEAP HUT - AFTERNOON
text: Everything is still there. Their wooden rice bowls and
text: spoons. Their pile of black clothes. Loung searches the
text: hiding place. She finds Ma’s blue shirt and the family photo
text: wrapped inside.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: Ma!
text: Getting a bad feeling, Loung calls out again. No one replies.
text: She notices a bowl knocked over. She puts it on the small
dialog: shelf.
text: Davi’s mother stands in the doorway of the next hut.
speaker_heading: DAVI’'S MOTHER
dialog: They went with the soldiers.
text: The woman says quietly and looks away. She stares into the
text: distance, refusing to look back at Loung. They both know what
text: it means when the soldiers come to the village and take
text: someone with them.
text: Loung stares into the empty hut. They cannot have survived
dialog: three years of starvation and the loss of Keav and Pa only to
dialog: be taken now! She fought so hard to live! She cannot be gone.
dialog: Poor little Geak, she never got anything good out of life.
text: At the sound of a baby, Davi’s mother leaves.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: MEMORY of Ma singing her to sleep in Phnom Penh flashes
dialog: before Loung.
text: She cannot be strong anymore. Tears run uncontrollably down
text: her face. Her chest compresses, her insides gnaw at her,
text: eating away at her sanity. She has to run away, she has to
text: leave. Somehow her legs take over and carry her away from the
text: village. Her body goes weak when she wonders which one the
dialog: soldiers killed first...
text: HER MIND PROJECTS IMAGES OF THE TWO OF THEM TOGETHER. HER
text: THOUGHTS OF WHAT MIGHT HAVE HAPPENED -
scene_heading: EXT. DARK FOREST - NIGHT (OR DAY) - TBD
dialog: 
text: Ma cries softly, her body tense with fear.
dialog: 70.
text: Suddenly the rattling sounds of the rifles go off and bullets
text: pierce through bodies, silencing their screams.
text: Geak moves to Ma's slumped-over body with her face in the
text: mud. Geak is too young to understand what has just happened.
text: She calls Ma. She touches Ma's cheeks and ears, and grabs her
text: hair to try to lift her face out of the mud, but she is not
text: strong enough. While rubbing her eyes, she wipes Ma's blood
text: all over her own face. She pounds her fists on Ma's back,
text: trying to wake her up, but Ma is gone. Holding on to Ma's
text: head, Geak screams and screams, not stopping to take in any
text: air. Seconds later, a shot, Geak too is silenced.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RO LEAP - DUSK
text: Loung walks away from Ro Leap deafened by the ringing in her
dialog: ears.
text: Tears pour from her as she drags herself away from the
text: village. Her eyes flutter, it is as if she is drifting away
text: into another place, into the deepest recesses of her mind to
text: hide from the pain. Suddenly, the world becomes hazy and
text: blurry. It is black all around her, soothing and empty.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - MORNING
dialog: 
text: Staring straight ahead, Loung regains conscious thought.
text: Slap. She is back at camp, standing before Met Srei. Her hand
text: massages her stinging cheek; she tastes blood in her mouth.
speaker_heading: MET SREI
dialog: (demanding)
dialog: Where have you been?
text: For Loung, the world comes back into focus. He looks at the
text: girls standing around staring.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: I went to see my sister.
speaker_heading: MET SREI
dialog: And stayed there for three days?
text: Loung’s eyes widen in disbelief.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: I don’t know. I don’t know where I
dialog: was.
dialog: 71.
text: Met Srei slaps her again. Loung almost loses her balance. Met
text: Srei screams into her face.
speaker_heading: MET SREI
dialog: You won’t tell me? No food tonight
dialog: and I will reduce your ration until
dialog: you do.
text: Met Srei walks away. After she is gone, Loung walks to the
text: well and pull up a pail of water. Drinking some, pouring the
text: rest over her feet. Rubbing one foot against the other, she
text: removes the layers of red mud to expose her small, wrinkled
dialog: toes.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - MORNING
dialog: 
text: Remaining boys practice bokotor.
text: Early morning Met Srei takes her old clothes and stuffs them
text: with leaves and straw to make dummies. The heads, she stuffs
text: her red checkered scarf with straw. She then lines up the
text: girls single file across from the dummies.
text: With a six-inch knife in hand, Loung stands at attention.
text: Panting like an animal, with her legs shaking and her hand
text: gripping the knife, Loung attacks at Met Srei’s cue, charging
text: at her dummy. Though she is focused on its head, Loung is
text: only tall enough to thrust her knife into its stomach.
text: She stabs it over and over again.
text: Now she no longer has to pretend to be an orphan.
scene_heading: EXT. MUDDY FIELDS - DAY
text: Wide of the fields. Mounds of earth. It appears empty.
text: Suddenly muddy girls rise up from their hiding places and run
text: forward. Each holding a pointed stick in their hands.
dialog: (possibly a few sticks to lay like traps)
text: Loung runs through the middy fields. She is covered in mud.
text: She is fast. Angry. She pushes another little girl to the
text: ground. She runs drops to her belly and crawls as if
dialog: possessed.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - NIGHT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JANUARY 1979
dialog: 71A.
text: Hugging her rifle to her chest, Met Srei paces back and
dialog: forth.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: MET SREI
dialog: They will kill you if they catch
dialog: you. You must protect yourself in
dialog: anyway you can. Long live the
dialog: glorious Cambodian revolution! Long
dialog: live the great people of
dialog: Kampuchea.
text: Fists in the air. Loung with ferocity. She seems older.
text: Something in her face has changed.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Cheyo! Cheyo! Cheyo!
scene_heading: INT. CHILD SOLDIER TRAINING CAMP - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: That night none of the girls can sleep as they listen to
text: explosions of mortars and rockets in the distance. After a
text: few hours of shelling, all is quiet again.
text: Then without warning, a mortar explodes near their base,
text: blazing the sky white like lightning. Loung screams and
text: covers her ears with her hands just as another mortar
text: whistles and hits the camp. Trees burst into flame. Screaming
text: and wailing, the girls try to escape before fire consumes
text: them. The girls run and crawl away, their faces black from
text: smoke and their eyes white with terror. Many are dripping
text: blood from their arms and legs where shrapnel sliced through
dialog: their skin.
text: Loung heads away as the fire spreads everywhere.
speaker_heading: GIRL’S VOICE
dialog: Don’t leave me! I’m hit! Help me!
text: Loung looks to see a girl lying in a pool of blood. Propping
text: herself up on her elbow, she begs for help. She is shaking
text: and shivering. The other girls do not stop. Seeing Loung
text: looking at her, she holds out a bloody hand to her. Fire
text: spreads through the camp quickly, debris falling everywhere.
text: Loung is much smaller than the girl. Loung screams and covers
text: her ears as another mortar explodes nearby. Panicked, she
text: turns her back on the girl and runs away.
text: The girl continues to scream long anguished cries as flames
text: engulf the camp.
text: All the girls head off in different directions in a desperate
text: bid to escape the camp. In the dark, the straw walls and
text: roofs combust into yellow and orange flames, illuminating the
text: red faces of girls running away.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: On the road, Loung finds herself crowded among hundreds of
text: people walking amid deserted towns and villages.
text: Automatically, her body takes control of her feet and veers
text: her in the direction of her Chou’s camp.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S WORK CAMP - NIGHT
text: The camp is dark and empty when Loung get there.
speaker_heading: LOUNG
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Chou! Chou!
text: Loung circles around the compound, but Chou is not there. The
text: camp has been evacuated. Penned animals panic as fire
text: surrounds them.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Loung runs back out into the traffic, not knowing what to do
text: next. All around her the people move like a herd of cows.
text: Not knowing what to do. She is afraid.
text: She feels a hand grab her shoulder. It's Kim. He's alive!
text: Chou is with him, holding on tight to his hand. Loung’s never
dialog: been so happy!
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Come, we have to leave quickly.
text: Kim grabs Loung’s hand and they head back onto the road and
text: into the traffic.
text: Kim is once again in charge of the family. As other people
text: carry their pots, pans, clothes, food, and other belongings
text: on their backs or in their wagons, Kim carries a backpack
text: with a few clothes in it, while Chou and Loung hold his hands
text: and walk with only the clothes they are wearing.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT TO SUNRISE
text: They walk with the sea of people, following their route.
text: Loung leans on Kim. Soon the sun rises. In crimson red,
text: golden yellow, and fiery orange, it lights up the world
text: around them. In the field, tall elephant grass glistens with
text: morning dew while gray smoke floats in to the sky from
text: distant villages. The small red gravel roads are swarmed
text: body to body with people in their black shirts and pants.
dialog: 74.
text: The traffic does not stop and continues to move, everybody
text: dragging their feet slower and slower. Those who cannot move
text: any farther sit at the side of the road, some curl up ina
text: fetal position and sleep. The snakelike traffic pushes on
text: with the strong able-bodied men forming the head, and the
text: old, young, weak, and hungry trailing behind as the tail.
scene_heading: EXT. BOMBED HOUSE - MORNING
text: As the sun climbs higher in the sky. Kim spots a deserted
text: bombed house. Chou and Loung follow Kim's lead.
scene_heading: EXT. BOMBED HOUSE- DAY
text: Alone in the bombed house, all is quiet except for the
text: muffled grunts of pigs and cackles of chicken. The villagers
text: evacuated in such a hurry that they left clothes, sandals,
text: and scarves strewn everywhere on the ground. In the communal
text: kitchen, smoke still rises from the ashes. Chou enters a hut
text: and comes out with a few metal pots, aluminum bowls, and the
text: remaining few small bags of rice and salt. Loung grabs three
dialog: scarves, (or pieces like a jacket for Kim or a scarf for
text: her?). Loung makes a big bundle with a scarf to balance on
text: her head. Chou does the same.
text: Loung watches as Kim catch two chickens and locks their wings
text: behind their backs. He kills them and hangs them to carry.
dialog: (could be just one and may carry live)
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Bundles in hand, they walk back out to join the mob of
text: people. Not knowing where they are going, they follow the
text: traffic. Kim notices something on the road. He points it out
text: to the girls. An anti tank mine. Half buried on the road.
text: Loung looks at it as she carefully walks around it.
text: Later - they pass a land mine that has exploded. Nothing but
text: a hole in the ground and the remains of the blood from the
text: victim who was dragged away. Now she is constantly looking
text: down at the road. Terrified.
text: There is gunfire in the distance.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: HOURS LATER
text: Loung stops and stares straight ahead.
text: Her heart pounds so loudly. Before them walk three men
text: dressed in green clothes. Their legs move in long, casual
text: strides and their rifles swing on their back. “Youns,” the
text: traffic hums and whispers. Loung is surprised as she was told
text: they are like monsters. In fact they are the same size as
text: Khmer men and are similarly built. They do not look like the
dialog: devils Met Srei said they were.
text: The Vietnamese walk toward them and raise their hands in
text: greeting. Loung searches the ground for weapons - a staff,
text: sharp rocks, anything she can use to fight them. All eyes
text: focus on them as they come nearer. People gasp when, in the
text: next moment, one Vietnamese smiles.
speaker_heading: VIETNAMESE SOLDIER
dialog: (in broken Khemer )
dialog: Chum reap sour. (hello) There is a
text: rest area ahead in Pursat City.
text: At last, they have a destination. Loung, Kim and Chou
text: carefully walk past the soldier. Still not feeling
text: completely safe around him. They walk on.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - LATE DAY
dialog: 
text: Loung sees the area. It looms like a small village before
text: them, flickering and swaying in the haze like a mirage.
dialog: Many people are very thin. Those who were not in labor or
text: soldier camps are near dead.
text: Next to the tents, women prepare food (caught snake, frogss
text: or chicken) , blowing and stoking the fires, coughing as the
text: smoke finds their faces.
text: The Vietnamese are all around, weaving through the labyrinth
text: and patrolling the area with rifles on their shoulders and
text: grenades attached to their belts.
text: Kim pulls at Loung’s arm and gestures for her to hurry as she
text: begins to fall behind. They pass through the crowd, searching
dialog: for an empty spot to make their home.
text: Kim, Loung, and Chou settle under a tree at the edge of the
text: area with a few other ORPHANS.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - LATE DAY
dialog: 
text: Loung Kim and Chou pluck the chickens.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - DUSK
dialog: 
text: Finally Chou announces they are done. Kim breaks off a leg,
text: scoops up a bowl of rice, and hands it to Loung. With their
text: plates in front of them, they eat in silence.
text: They notice a couple Orphans staring. Chou whispers to Kim
text: and he invites them to share what little chicken they have.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - DAY
dialog: 
text: A day in the area - add details. Chou and Loung preparing a
text: snake (with a knife they found at the abandoned house). Kim
text: prepares a fire.
text: Survival. Some cooking frogs or spiders.
text: Some people dying, having been starved too long.
dialog: Later-
text: Kim brings over a small water bucket. Kim, Chou and Loung
text: help each other clean up. Chou wipes mud off Loung’s face.
text: She then runs her fingers through her hair to “brush” it.
text: Chou then walks up to Kim and pulls stray threads from his
dialog: shirt.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Chou spreads out their scarfs and lies down. With her in the
text: middle, Kim and Loung huddle closely on either side of her.
text: Kim hooks a bundle through his arms while Loung does the same
text: to her bundle. They pull (Kims new jacket?) over themselves.
text: All around them people are sleeping, eating, or sitting
text: quietly together. Many who have little strength left are
text: assisting the sick. Loung looks over to the side and watches
text: a family sitting together, eating their meal. It is a family
dialog: of five, parents with three boys, from perhaps five to ten
text: years old. The father scoops rice and hands it over to his
text: youngest child first, then he does the same for the others.
text: The mother reaches over and wipes the child's nose with her
text: fingers, then quickly wipes her hand on her skirt. Loung
text: looks at the fathers kind eyes. She sees how much he loves
dialog: his family. She misses Pa.
dialog: 76A.
text: Loung turns away.
text: Gunfire can be heard in the distance.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - DAY
dialog: 
text: Loung and Chou wash and hang their laundry.
speaker_heading: MEMORY
scene_heading: INT. PHNOM PENH APARTMENT - MORNING
dialog: 
text: Flashes - New Year's morning, Keav, with big pink, yellow,
text: blue, and green prickly plastic rollers in her hair held in
text: by a hundred small black bobby pins sticking up everywhere
text: like porcupine quills, as she combs Loung’s hair and ties it
text: in ponytails. Next to her on the bed, Chou works on getting
text: Geak dressed. After Keav finishes with Loung’s hair, she puts
text: red rouge on Geak's lips and cheeks.
text: On their bed, they bounce with glee as their mattress
text: squeaks. Colors and pretty clothes and laughter.
speaker_heading: MEMORY ENDS
text: An ax chops wood-
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - EARLY MORNING
text: Loung, Kim and Chou gather firewood. Loung steps on something
text: that looks like a brown twig but it slithers away giving her
text: a small fright.
text: Loung rubs her tired eyes, yawns, and adjusts the ropes she
text: brought to tie the firewood, slinging them over her
text: shoulders. Chou walks ahead with the ax in her arms.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - DAWN
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FEBRUARY 1979
text: The sounds of morning. The mass of small makeshift
text: settlements for displaced families are all silent. Men in
dialog: green patrol the area.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - DAWN
dialog: 
text: Suddenly Loung awakens to the sound of a loud explosion. She
text: bolts upright, her ears ringing from the blast. She hears a
text: shrilling whine before another rocket ruptures nearby. The
text: children scream at the top of their lungs, clambering around
text: the campsite. Loung, Chou, Kim and the Orphans move.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - CONTINUOUS - DAWN
dialog: 
text: The earth shakes violently as crackling yellow, orange, and
text: red flames devour a nearby hut. Gray smoke floats to the sky
text: and white ashes fall on them like powder. (if no hut then
dialog: embers from a blast. To be discussed)
text: Loung watches as all around her people cry and scream for
text: help as more rockets rain on the village. Fire engulfs the
text: camp and villagers rush to evacuate.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNALLY DISPLACED AREA - DAWN
dialog: 
text: Loung sees the men in green fighting the KR soldiers. Both
text: sides seem equally frightening to her.
text: Loung gets separated. She looks around everyone looks the
text: same. She can’t find Kim and Chou. She feels panicked.
text: Finally, she finds them. With their legs shaking in fear,
text: they follow Kim ducking and keeping low.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - MORNING
text: They come to the river and, holding hands, wade into it. The
text: river splashes in waves as hundreds of people jump in it at
text: once trying to get to the other side. With small bundles on
text: their heads or draped on their shoulders and small children
text: hanging on their backs, the villagers wade across the chest-
text: deep stream, desperately reaching for safety. Loung Kim and
text: Chou tuck in to the side of the river bank to avoid the
text: battle that rages around them. RE IMAGE AJP.
text: She sees a young KR fighting the Vietnamese. It’s Smiling
dialog: Boy.
text: A blast almost knocks the air out from Loung’s lungs. She
text: reaches for the Orphan boy’s arm, then jerks her hand back as
text: her palm touches something wet and sticky on her.
dialog: 79.
text: Her stomach churns. Loung turns to see him lying facedown on
text: the ground, quiet and motionless. His little brother below
text: him covered in blood. The top of his skull is caved in. A
text: pool of blood slowly seeps into the dirt around her head.
text: Blood and pieces of brain are on Loung’s hand.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - MORNING
text: The battle rages on. Loung, Chou and Kim are under fire and
dialog: forced to run.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - MORNING
text: People are scattered everywhere, soaking wet screaming and
text: crying as they run in every direction, bumping and pushing
text: each other. Kim and Chou hold hands and run ahead of Loung,
text: yelling for her to keep up. They don't know where to run to,
dialog: they just run.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - MORNING
text: Running as fast as she can, Loung jumps over dead bodies. She
text: hears their bullets whiz past her. She runs for her life. In
text: front of her, a man falls from a bullet. His body stops mid
text: stride, his chest jerking forward before he falls to the
text: ground. Many people get hit and drop one by one to the ground
text: all around her. Some lie still while others crawl on their
text: elbows trying to reach safety.
text: Loung sees a man thrown into the air as the ground explodes
text: beneath him. Land mines. She keeps running. A woman with
text: child stands screaming. Another woman running knocks into her
text: and the ground beneath them explodes. Loung runs staring at
text: the ground. What can she do? Bullets from behind, land mines
text: underneath. She holds her breath and moves forward. (Possibly
text: moves forward slowly because of mines. Could discuss slow
text: motion as world blows up around her and her heart beats)
dialog: Minutes later-
text: After she catches up with Chou and Kim, they see an old
text: remnant of a tree stump. It sticks out of the ground three
text: feet tall by four feet wide. They crouch behind it.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE STUMP - DAY
text: Chou covers her ears with her hands and squeezes her eyes
text: shut. Kim is white, leaning against the tree for support.
text: They stay there for what seems like hours until all is quiet
dialog: again.
dialog: Later-
text: When they believe it is safe, they come out from behind the
text: tree stump.
text: Loung watches Chou and Kim trudge ahead, their eyes focusing
text: on the ground.
text: There are smoldering remains of bonfires giving off the
text: stench of burnt human flesh all through the village. Trails
text: and puddles of blood stain the area. Her eyes are on the
text: ground wherever she goes, steering clear of anything that
text: looks like a grenade or land mine. They try to step into the
text: footprints of others.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER CAMP - DAY
text: A month or so later. They have moved with others up to a more
text: mountainous region where it is safe. Chou and Loung at the
dialog: river. Life is returning. We can see that aid relief is
text: beginning to trickle in.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER CAMP - DAY
text: Kim arrives at the site all flushed and out of breath.
text: As he explains this, Loung hears every other word
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: (out of breath)
text: A Khmer Rouge soldier. They caught
text: him. (Pointing) They are taking him
dialog: up there.
text: Kim sits to catch his breath.
text: Loung pulls Chou with her. She wants to see. Chou resists.
text: Loung heads off on her own.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER CAMP - DAY
text: Loung makes her way towards the sound until she closes in on
text: a mob of people.
dialog: 81.
text: Their bodies block her view of the prisoner. She tries to
text: shift her body to find an open space but she cannot.
text: Frustrated, she wedges her small body between theirs and
text: pushes her way through. She is in the middle of the crowd,
text: surrounded by people. She cannot see anything. She looks up
text: to the faces of the adults who are all looking in the same
text: direction. Some are staring at him overwhelmed with emotion,
text: unable to speak. Some are full of rage.
text: Finally, she sees a clearing between people's legs. She tries
text: to push her way through, but they are so engrossed in what's
text: going on that they do not move. Determined, she gets on her
text: hands and knees, and crawls through the brown forest of legs
text: up to the front.
text: There he is. Loung stands and finds herself almost face-to-
text: face with him, separated by only ten feet. Automatically, she
text: raises her scarf to cover her head and face. Her heart beats
text: wildly. Fear seeps into her body. She peeks over her scarf.
text: He is looking at her.
text: She takes a step back, leaning into the crowd for protection.
text: The crowd vibrates with anticipation and energy, closing in
text: around the prisoner. Loung’s hands close into fists.
text: The mans face reveals nothing. His lips do not beg for mercy.
text: He sits propped up on a high back chair on a gravel hill that
text: serves as a stage. He is dark and wears the black clothes of
text: the Khmer Rouge. A rough hemp rope that binds his feet
text: together. More rope straps him to the back of the chair, it
text: coils around him from the chest down to the stomach.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Murderer!
text: Loung stares at him full of hatred.
text: Loung watches as sweat streams down his adams apple. He bends
text: his head, looks down at his feet again, knowing there is no
dialog: way out.
text: Many people are wailing and accusing the man of killing their
text: loved ones. Begging him to answer for his crimes.
text: A WOMAN, crying loudly, pushes her way to the front of the
text: crowd. She is young, in her mid twenties. Like Loung, she
text: wears the Khmer Rouge clothes. Though tears fall from her
text: eyes, her face is angry.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (shaking with emotion)
dialog: I know this soldier. He killed my
dialog: husband and my sons. I know this
dialog: man.
dialog: 82.
text: Tears in her eyes. In her hand she holds a weapon, its wooden
text: handle worn and splintered. Loung no longer listening. She is
text: fixated on the prisoner. He looks up briefly when the women
text: comes forth, but now he is back in position, head down, eyes
text: to the ground.
text: Loung watches as the woman walks up to him, her weapon in
text: hand. She stands in front of him, staring at the top of his
text: head. Loung wants to shield her eyes from what's about to
text: happen, but she can’t. The woman's hands shake as she raises
text: the weapon high above her head.
scene_heading: (FLASH OF PA BEING HIT.)
text: The woman raises her weapon again.
text: The crowd is silenced.
text: An OLDER WOMAN reaches for her to stop her. She pushes her
text: away. A man steps forward angry and is held back by another.
text: There is pain and chaos. Screaming and tears.
text: Blood splatters the woman's clothes, and face. She screams
text: and swings the weapon up above her head again. (Flash of
text: Loung with a weapon. A surreal moment) Blood droplets land on
text: Loung’s pants and face as she stands watching. Loung watches
text: as the prisoners leg jerks but is held down by the rope. The
text: Khmer Rouge body convulses and trembles, as if electricity is
text: traveling to the legs, arms, and fingers.
text: The Older Woman grabs her and holds her. She regains her
text: composure. The Older Woman speaks with passion about how the
dialog: Cambodian people will not be destroyed by this. That she will
dialog: not become hateful like the KR.
text: Then the Woman drops the weapon and they begin to walk away.
text: When they turn around, Loung sees that she looks like death
text: herself. Her hair trickles blood and sweat, their clothes
text: drip, her face red and rigid. (flash cuts between Loung and
dialog: the Woman)
text: The Woman is quiet as the crowd parts for her to pass
dialog: through.
text: Moments later- One by one, people return to their homes,
text: leaving Loung standing there alone, staring at the KR
text: soldier. He looks back at her.
text: Loung’s fists open. She no longer wants to fight.
dialog: 83.
text: (THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT CINEMATIC MOMENTS AND WILL
text: BE HELD ON FOR A LOT OF SCREEN TIME TO MAKE THE POINT AND BE
text: AN IMAGE BURNED INTO THE MIND. THE DAUGHTER OF CAMBODIA AND
scene_heading: THE BEATEN KR SOLDIER. BLOOD AND SILENCE. )
text: Finally, Loung cries. She lets it all come out of her. All
dialog: the loss. All the pain.
scene_heading: BORDER CAMP - EARLY MORNING
dialog: 1979
text: Sun rises over the large camp.
text: Loung watches a young man who was a victim of a land-mine
text: months ago. Now he helps to build a small hut. She is in awe
text: of his strength and agility with his loss of limbs.
text: She looks around the camp. Some people have already changed
text: into colorful clothes. More plastic tents.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER CAMP- EARLY MORNING
text: Light rain falls on Loung’s small frame. Still in her old
text: black pants, she wears a new colorful shirt. Her hair is now
dialog: longer.
text: She balls up a handful of rice and rolls it into a banana
text: leaf. She walks over to a woman sleeping alone under another
text: tree. A small child lay nearby. She lays it down in front of
text: her as a silent gift.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER CAMP - MORNING
text: Like in the opening she walks and sees her reflection. This
text: time in the pond. She walks on towards a tree. She climbs up
text: a tree. She looks across the camp. She looks down at her
text: feet. So much has changed since her days in Phnom Penh.
text: Loung hears Kim and looks up. She sees Kim walking towards
text: her with two men. Afraid, she jumps down and takes a step
dialog: back.
text: She can’t see clearly. Chou is also staring at the men. As
text: they comes closer they realize it is Meng and Khouy!
text: Chou runs to them and jumps into Khouy’s arms. Loung finds
text: herself feeling shy, and stands stiff and awkward. Meng
text: kneels before her. He smiles and musses her hair just like
text: he used to. Her heart soars quickly at the touch of his
dialog: hand. He is real - not a figment of her imagination!
dialog: 84.
text: Her brothers are alive. The five remaining members of the
text: family embrace each other. They have survived.
text: We hold on Loung’s face. She smiles.
speaker_heading: THE END
text: A shot of the real Loung, Chou, Kim, Meng and Khouy walking
text: together in Cambodia. They are in a beautiful temple. We pan
text: to the faces in stone. The faces that look like Pa-
text: IN MEMORY OF THE TWO MILLION PEOPLE WHO PERISHED UNDER THE
speaker_heading: KHMER ROUGE
text: AND FOR THOSE WHO SURVIVED
text: Close on Loung and Chou smiling at each other.
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
dialog: 
