speaker_heading: SCRIPT X
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHEASTERN INDUSTRIAL CITY = DAY
text: CAMERA PANS a modern cityscape on a fall afternoon in
text: 1981. A rejunvenated downtown core, all glass and
text: steel, eventually reveals a faded garment district, a
text: warehouse area in decline and finally an old city
text: market. The colorful marketplace, bustling with commerce,.
text: is the heart of a working class neighborhood created —
text: by the melting pot.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD CITY MARKET = INDUSTRIAL CITY - DAY
text: As the CAMERA TRAVELS we see a young MODERN PRIEST
text: engaging two HASSIDIC RABBINICAL STUDENTS in animated
text: conversation beside an aging synagogue. A Roman
text: Catholic church, younger than the synagoque by two
text: decades, stands directly across the street. Immigration
dialog: Cycles have shaped this distincly American neigh-
text: borhood; a Kosher poultry market sits beside a
dialog: Portuguese fresh fish stand; an Italian groceteria
text: beside a Greek bakery. In a nearby park, widows in
text: black socialize on benches while watching their grand-
dialog: children at play. Homes built for cold climates
text: but paintea tropical colors surround the park.
text: CAMERA HOLDS on a three-story brick house under
dialog: renovation.
scene_heading: EXT, RENOVATED HOUSE = MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: An air compressor is pumping air through a sand pot.
text: Three blast hoses snake up to three sandblasters on
text: hydraulic decks at the third-floor level of the house.
text: Other members of the renovation crew surround the
text: machinery. CLOSE on one sandblaster working on the
text: brick facade. JUNIOR JEAN, 18, an electrian's helper,
text: is below the sandblaster, sitting on the ledge of
text: a second-floor window, She takes a drill from her
text: toolbelt and starts drilling. FRANK, 24, her boy-
text: friend and boss, is standing beside his van --
text: “United Electrical Systems." He shouts over the noise
text: toward JUNIOR JEAN.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey, Jean!...Don't forget
dialog: the ionizer...Okay?
text: JEAN nods. Puts down her drill as the hydraulic deck
text: above her begins to descend. The sandblaster is
text: wearing a protective suit and helmet visor. CLOSE
text: on helmet as it’s removed, Long, black hair tumbles
text: out. RAVEN, 8 remarkably beautiful girl of 19,
text: descends, passing in front of JEAN, who is drilling
text: again. RAVEN waves at JEAN as the platform heads
text: toward the ground.
dialog: 
dialog: (C
scene_heading: EXT. RENOVATED HOUSE = MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: RAVEN walks toward the crew trailer parked in the
text: driveway. Slips out of her protective suit to reveal
text: a tight pair of painter's overalls. She has a bell-~boy
text: on her hip. Sits on the steps of the trailer and takes
text: her work boots off. She's slipping into a pair of high~
text: fashion stiletto boots as FRANK approaches.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You like my new boots?
speaker_heading: FRANK . .
dialog: Real nice.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Seventy bucks. They're
dialog: Quinto's.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You going to be around later?
text: Moment when RAVEN looks up at JUNIOR JEAN drilling.
text: FRANK glances up toward JEAN and back to RAVEN. RAVEN
text: stands, grabs a large pink tote bag that's packed
text: with personal belongings and admires her boots.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I dunno Frankie...Supercute
dialog: boots, aren't they?
text: RAVEN in a rush starts to leave, waves up to JUNIOR
speaker_heading: JEAN.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I guess me and Junior Jean will
dialog: see you over at the bar later.
text: RAVEN nods, beams. Waves and walks out of frame.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDESTREET - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD ~ DAY
text: RAVEN has taken a bowler hat with a feather on it out of
text: her tote bag. Puts it on her head. Bops down the street
text: to the sound of her own internal music. A heavy housewife
text: in her fifties waves with her broom to the passing girl.
text: RAVEN'S obviously known in the neighborhood. At the end
text: of the street, a short, intense Italian man in his sixties
text: is finishing a bright, primitive mural that all but covers
dialog: the house. It's as if the house is in itse?£, an
dialog: illustration.
dialog: c,.
scene_heading: EXT. ILLUSTRATED KBOUSE - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: As RAVEN passes she shouts up to the artist.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: So, Mr. Corelli...You got
dialog: permission from the city?
speaker_heading: ARTIST
dialog: Don't care from city! City
dialog: cannot tell me how to paint!
dialog: I paint story of...
speaker_heading: RAVEN 7 .
dialog: »..Of your family, I know.
dialog: Good luck, Mr. Corelli.
text: RAVEN laughs, passes on as the artist earnestly
text: returns to mural.
scene_heading: EXT. PASICH BAKERY - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: MRS, PASICH, an elderly woman, dressed in the old
text: country manner and wearing a baker's apron rushes
text: out of thetimeworn bakery. She's carrying an elabor-
text: ate pastry. We see RAVEN embracing her, taking thc.
text: pastry, biting into it. HOWARD PASICH, about 30,
text: short-cropped hair, moustache,
text: wearing a baker's apron and a tight T-shirt that
text: reads: "Fly Aeroflot", walks from the old oven room,
text: into the shop and out of his mother's bakery. He's
text: covered in flour.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It's okay. I like the
dialog: chocolate thing better.
scene_heading: MRS. PASICH
dialog: (Central-European
dialog: accent)
dialog: See. I tell you.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (glares at
dialog: Raven)
dialog: Mama. You have the taste
dialog: of a peasant.
text: RAVEN laughs. HOWARD walks back into the bakery.
text: Stops. Turns.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (sarcasm)
dialog: I suppose I'll have to pick
dialog: up the new makeup tonight.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: What a guyl
text: HOWARD, irritated, walks off. .
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Howard? Don't be late
dialog: tonight. . * .
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: I'll kill you...
text: RAMOS MARTINEZ, 25, dressed much like HOWARD.
text: (he lives at the top of the bakery with
text: him), Waves at RAVEN from an upstairs
dialog: window,
scene_heading: EXT, MAIN STREET ~- GARMENT FACTORY = DAY
text: RAVEN continues her route. She crosses the street
dialog: and heads toward one particular building -~ "Modern:
dialog: Modes Factory Annex."
scene_heading: INT, MODERN MODES FACTORY ANNEX = GARMENT DISTRCT = DAY
text: CAMERA TRACKS down row upon row of men and women,
dialog: all manner of race and ethnie persuasions, at their
text: machines in this vast sewing room. A radio is
text: tuned to a Portugeuse music program. Thread and
text: pieces of material are piled everywhere on the floor,
text: @s are paper patterns. CAMERA HOLDS on VERA in
text: her middle forties, Gecidedly overweight. She's .
text: eating a burger. VERA, FRANK'S mother, is staring
text: cut of the large floor-to-ceiling windows. Catches
text: Bight of RAVEN crossing the street. Grabs a parcel,
text: puts down her burger and rushes toward a door.
text: A Chinese floor supervisor in his thirties calls
dialog: after her.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Vera,..How we doin’ on
dialog: Sample 7417?
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I'm going to bring in
dialog: more fabric.
text: VERA hurries out the door.
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: 9 EXT, MODERN MODES FACTORY ANNEX = GARMENT DISTRICT —- DAY
text: VERA hands RAVEN the parcel. RAVEN is having trouble
text: fitting the parcel in her bag.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: You've got your whole .
dialog: life in there, Raven.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I know. I'm a mess.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: There isn't a guy in
dialog: town who wouldn't die
dialog: to take care of your
dialog: mess.
speaker_heading: RAVEN -
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Was it hard to make
dialog: this time?
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Sort of. I ended up
dialog: knocking off Italian
dialog: Vogue.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You coming tonight?
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Howard and I got to check
dialog: out some spaces
dialog: uptown, but I'll make it.
dialog: Hell, I always make it...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Thanks, Vera. You're the
dialog: best...I'21 wear it tilt
dialog: it doesn't quit.
text: VERA hurries back upstairs. RAVEN moves quicly
text: down the street. Vivacious. Imperturbable. Heads
dialog: never stop turning.
dialog: 
dialog: 10
scene_heading: INT. OLITSKI'S GYM -- MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: RAVEN is slipping out of a pair of parachute pants
text: to reveal a brief and sexily thrown together dancer's
text: warm-up costume. Body builders, both male and female,
text: are pumping up as the CAMERA PANS. RAVEN waves
text: across the room to what are obviously close friends -=-
text: four dramatically attractive girls in their late
scene_heading: teens ~~ NADIA, LORRAINE, SOLITARY and TINA TECH.
text: The girls bodies glisten with sweat as they work out
text: on exercise machines. RAVEN poses in front of a
text: mirror in an elegantly pxagerated move that projects
text: both deep concentration and deep sexvality. She
text: keeps tensing her calf muscles and seems to be
text: examining them. She walks over to the Standing Calf
text: Raises Machine and puts on a heavy shoulder press.
text: She starts working the inside of her calf, then the
text: outside. MUSICAL SEQUENCE: MONTAGE of flexing
text: torsos and muscles as the entire gym appears to be
text: building to a vein-popping pump. TONY, the instructor-
text: owner wanders past RAVEN.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I wouldn't do a burn on
dialog: those calves...You'll
dialog: get too much definition...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: They're only 12 inches.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: But that's great...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: They won't be right
dialog: until they're’ 12 and
dialog: a half.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You're something else
dialog: girl.
text: TONY passes and stops by a huge male builder dead
text: lifting. RAVEN leaves the machine and walks toward
text: her friends. She stops in front of TINA TECH, whose
text: short hair is oiled and slicked back as are her eye~
text: brows. Her warm-up costume is skin tight and made
text: of a sliver metalic material. TINA looks positively
text: pneumatic as she wrist curls two bell weights.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Tina, you'rr crazy. Look
dialog: at those bicep cuts...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 10 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: And check the deltoids...
dialog: I want to look hard,
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You've got to keep
dialog: your look female.
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: God Raven. What's female? I'm
dialog: into Hi-Tech. That's
dialog: me. Tina Tech...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Hi-Tack is more like it.
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: Look. See these wrist
text: curls. One at a time.
dialog: Fifteen pounds. I do
dialog: ninety percent angle work
dialog: with my arms and shoulders.
dialog: After seven times I wait for
dialog: the burn. Then when I'm
dialog: aching I do 21 sets of
dialog: seven moves...The last ones .
dialog: are really ball busting.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You're getting way too muscley,
dialog: Tina.
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: Don't you want to look
dialog: perfect?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Sure. But like
dialog: one of those illus-
text: trations in a magazine.
dialog: Kind of air-brushed. .
dialog: Not hard.
speaker_heading: TINA . .
dialog: Ex-cuse me, Little Annie Fannie.
dialog: Look...I was born with big
dialog: lats...
dialog: (shows her
dialog: back)
dialog: I'm into muscles. What can
dialog: I say? I want to get
dialog: 60 I look real industrial.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: It'll serew up your
dialog: dancing.
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: I doubt it...
text: The two friends stop talking and pose unselfcons=-
text: ciously in the wall-mirror, striking strange, physical
scene_heading: attitudes one after the other. LORRAINE, NADIA
text: and SOLITARY, noticing this, break off from
text: the machines and approach them. RAVEN arches
text: backward, undulates, trails her long, black hair
text: on the floor and lifts her head up between her legs
text: and out again in what appears to be the
text: world's most suggestive dance move.
speaker_heading: SOLITARY
dialog: That's hot...
speaker_heading: WADIA
dialog: Real nasty.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Do you learn those steps? Or
dialog: do you make them up?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: They're not steps. They're
text: hot poses that move.
dialog: (does two
dialog: moves)
dialog: See that...That's the Conga
dialog: Press...and that...that's
dialog: the Bugagku...Now those
dialog: are stepS...
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: How do you know about stuff
dialog: . like that?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: From library books. Anyway
dialog: it's better when you make it
dialog: UP.
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: (jokingly)
dialog: Easy for you to say, bitch.
text: RAVEN walks over to a big portable radio-cassette
text: player sitting by the mirror. Pushes in tape;
dialog: MSIC.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 10 (cont'd)
dialog: il
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: |
dialog: ' - 12
dialog: te
dialog: {
speaker_heading: C
dialog: c 13
dialog: Gc.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Okay, you guys. Two half-
dialog: hour stretch and move
dialog: routines.
speaker_heading: NADIA
dialog: Bullshit! You were late...
text: The five dancers fal] into individual concentrations
text: and move to their images in the mirrors. MUSIC
dialog: BUILDS. They are extraordinary to leok at. Unique.
text: Before long the whole gym is rocking.,
scene_heading: EXT. STREET ~ MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: Six bikers, late teens and early twenties, in leather
text: but no club insignia are recklessly driving the
text: market streets. They're behaving uproariously with
text: each other, obviously high. As they wheel onto MARKET
text: STREET, one points out a forties delivery truck
text: painted an unlikely color -- “PASICH'S BAKERY."
text: They gun their new YamahaS and race toward the
dialog: truck.
scene_heading: INT. DELIVERY TRUCK ~ MARKET STREET ~ DAY ’
text: HOWARD is driving. VERA next to him.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Where are we going to get
dialog: money like that? Maybe
dialog: we should forget about
dialog: opening uptown...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Do me a favor...Don't
dialog: ou prick my little
dialog: alloon.
text: HOWARD sees the bikers in his rear-view mirror.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: shit!
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET STREET - DAY
text: The bikers draw up on either side, dangerously Close
text: to the truck, and make goading gestures. HOWARD is
text: livid.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: BOWARD
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Assholes!
text: Suddenly the bikers get into formation and criss=
text: cross in front of him. Almost running into one,
text: HOWARD swerves. Bis truck hits the sidewalk,
text: narrowly missing a fruit stall, Frantically he gains
text: control of the truck. The bikers, laughing, pull
text: up in front of a nearby 24-hour coffee shop attached
text: to the Greyhound Bus Depot, a local hangout.
text: Shaking with rage, HOWARD drives the truck to the
text: HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL.
scene_heading: EXT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL ~ MARKET STREET ~- DAY
text: The Hard Hat is a three-stery building directly
text: across from the bus depot. HOWARD and VERA
text: get out, the bikers surround the truck, chatting
text: with each other aimlessly as if nothing happened.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: {under her
dialog: breath)
dialog: Ignore these doorknobs
dialog: will you?
text: HOWARD has to squeeze past two bikers to get to
text: the bar. At one point he stops, squeezes back to
text: the truck and takes out a handmade, cedar makeup
dialog: case, (An-etmusphere-cf-extrememenacé. -<_
speaker_heading: FIRST BIKER
dialog: What's the matter, Howard?
speaker_heading: SECOND BIKER
dialog: «»sDid your souffle fall?
text: HOWARD gives them a finger as he enters the bar with
speaker_heading: VERA.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL ~ NIGHT
text: CAMERA TRACKS across the dressing room slowly. A
text: long counter and mirror with makeup lights, Behind
text: five stools are five plexiglas platforms with gates.
text: We are introduced to five flashdancers in
dialog: final stages of preparation. First we see NADIA,
text: a@ gymnast dancer. She's wearing a high-fashion
text: black and white Harlequin costume with three costume
text: changes underneath. Wer look is almost operatic,
text: half her face in black greasepaint and half in
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
scene_heading: RE meee anata ae LLL TART SR Eile SE HR
dialog: 15
dialog: (cont'd)
text: white pancake makeup, her lips a slash of scarlet.
text: She's applying eyeliner. Next to her is SOLITARY,
text: an Ultra Wave dancer. She wears a pink cape over
text: a black silk balloon-like outfit that is all one
text: piece. She's strapping on pink high heels with pink
text: ties that wrap around her calves. LORRAINE, is wearing
text: a shaped one-piece leopard outfit, lizard stilettos,
text: high-fashion jewelry knock-offs and multi-colored
text: makeup giving her a feline look. Next is TINA TECH
text: wearing a hard hat that has been cut down to look
text: like a skull cap. On the front of the hat is a
text: worker's hammer crossed with a lightening bolt.
text: She's wearing a see-through plastic overall. Inside
text: we can see other costumes in plastic and in various
text: primary colors. She's wrapped, snake-like, in
text: hi-tech electrical extension cords in various
text: pastel colors. On her feet are a pair of plexiglas
text: high heels with live goldfish swimmi.g in the heels.
text: TINA is feeding other goldfish in a small aquarium
text: in front of her. Finally we see RAVEN, unquestionably
text: the star here. She's not completely dressed yet.
text: PAMOS, who lives with HOWARD, is a hair-dresser
text: whose work is too extreme for the uptown salons.
text: He's blow-drying RAVEN'S hair. RAVEN reaches for a
text: bottle of Amaretto nearby and pours it over a piece
text: of cheesecake. Eats a forkful.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: You know what they used
dialog: to say about Marilyn Monroe?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (preoccupied)
dialog: That she always wore her
dialog: bra to bed.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: How did you know? It must
dialog: be true.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You told me...
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Tina, don't you feel weird
dialog: about killing those goldfish
dialog: everynight?
speaker_heading: TINA .
dialog: They're just goldfish...
dialog: Anyway, they're cheap.
dialog: 
dialog: (cont'd)
text: An angry HOWARD enters in a rush.
speaker_heading: BROWARD
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: They've a1] got motorcycles
dialog: for dicks! Little bastards!
speaker_heading: SOLITARY
dialog: Jesus. Not them again,
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Did you bring the Rhoplex?
speaker_heading: BROWARD
dialog: The only place that had
dialog: it was an art supply shop...
dialog: Do you like my hazelnut
dialog: cheesecake?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Fabulous.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Isn't it to die? ‘ $
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: (sarcasm)
dialog: He put his secret ingredient
dialog: in it this week.
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: Did you mix my nailpolish,
dialog: Howard?
text: HOWARD opens his kit and ‘Shows TINA a pot of mixed
dialog: nailpolish.
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: That's not industrial grey!
speaker_heading: ROWARD
dialog: It's gunboat grey. It'll
dialog: have to do.
text: As HOWARD begins to coat RAVEN'S face with the creamy Rhoplea
text: substance, VERA rushes in carrying a black and silver
text: jump suit that looks like a space costume, RAMOS
text: sprinkles silver stars and glitter on the wild hair
text: Style then passes the blower over her face.
text: The substance hardens into a translucent, second,
text: plastic skin. RAVEN looks air~brushed, more magazine
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: Se ee RT Re Fa
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: {cont'd)
dialog: dllustration than human -- larger than
text: life. She's wearing a satin black and silver bra,
text: mauve leotards with fish net stockings rolled
dialog: over the leotards, al] this with mauve high
dialog: heels.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: It's ready.
text: RAVEN steps into the costume. HOWARD. puts finishing
text: toucnes on her makeup. He takes a can of mineral
text: Spray and sprays her face until she glistens.
text: She looks sensational. Raven steps into the center
text: plexiglas cylindrical platform. Closes the gates
text: and presses a button. The plexiglas fills with agqua-
text: marine smoke, MUSIC is building. Presses the button
text: on a speaker behind the platform. RAMOS finishing
text: her hair. HOWARD making the makeup precise. VERA
text: fussing with the costume.
scene_heading: VOICE FROM SPEAKER
dialog: Ready Raven?
text: RAVEN closes her eyes, poses her head up. Legs spread.
text: Body filling with the building MUSIC. The other
text: dancers step inte their cylindrical platforms.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (to speaker)
dialog: Okay. Now...
text: The sovnd of a motor humming. RAVEN begins her
text: Gescent through the dressing room floor.
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT SHOWBAR ~ MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
dialog: First impression describes the kind of bar you'd
dialog: expect in a working class neighborhood; Budweisers,
text: bourbon and the inevitable Steelers game on a color
text: televison set above the bar. Bus drivers, blue-
text: collar workers, some Oriental regulars from a nearby
text: Chinatown, a few men in suits. At the far end is
text: an unusual proscenium created for the "live enter-
text: tainment.” A sky with clouds is painted on the ceiling
text: above the stage. The audience itself is divided by
text: @ translucent, aquamarine glass room where tapes
text: are played and the lighting is organized. As the MUSIC
text: builds, RAVEN, her back to the audiunce, descends
text: from the ceiling in her cylindrical platform.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: {
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 16 (cont'd)
dialog: 1?
text: She stands rigid, legs spread and lifts her hands
text: high above her as if she were being tied up. Her
text: body is hit by lime green laser beams that give
text: the visual effect of being tied up. The four other
text: platforms and four other dancers descend dancing
text: to the music. Almost as quickly as they arrive
text: they ascend and finally disappear. The music shifts
text: in mood and momentum. RAVEN breaks her laser
text: bonds, steps out of her platform and moves into an
text: astonishing dance, precisely choreographed to the
text: music and the lyrics. The dance defies physical
text: endurance at one moment and is cool and graceful
dialog: the next. ' The audience shows a certain kind of
text: awe. CAMERA introduces PAUL POTOKER, & young 38, a man
text: attractive for both his looks and success. A dynamic
text: businessman and crusading citizen, he looks out of
text: place here, sitting with a friend, stealing time
text: before a squash game. He can't take his eyes off
speaker_heading: RAVEN.
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT SHOWBAR « MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD =- DAY
text: As the production number continues, RAVEN does a
text: stylish pealing of costumes and putting them back
text: on again. More flash than strip, the flashdancer
dialog: does not like burlesque. Her roots are in the
dialog: fashion photograph, magazine illustration, godess-
dialog: like notions of ideal womanliness.
text: RAVEN almost ignores
text: the audience, creating her own narcissistic theatre.
text: She is more interested in seeing herself move in
text: the mirrored wall behind the stage. She
text: mouthes the lyrics to the production piece as if
text: the song is directly about her life, her fantasies.
text: In the avdience we see FRANK holding JUNIOR JEAN'S
text: hand. He is staring at RAVEN with no small amount
text: of wonder. Takes his hand away from JEAN, sips
text: a beer. JEAN looks closely at FRANK, at the apprecia-
text: tion and excitement revealed on his face. VERA,
text: HOWARD and RAMOS enter the bar from upstairs and
text: sit at a table. The six principle WAITRESSES, all
text: wearing VERA'S high-fashion imitations, stop serving
text: to watch RAVEN. Their dream is to one day make it
text: as a flashdancer. The waitresses, all in their
dialog: late teens, know the music so well that they're mouthing
text: the lyrics too,.trying to strike RAVEN'S ultimate
text: attitude, rocking on their feet, as if they were part
text: of the dance. The production number ends with a
text: triumphant ascent into the dressing room. The show-
text: bar is jumping with applause, cheers and beers being
text: Slammed on the table. PAUL POTOKER and FRIEND make
text: their way to the exit.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ra
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I can't believe her.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Un~believable.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Never mind her, That costume!
dialog: Italian Vogue eat your
dialog: heart out!
dialog: {turns to
dialog: Howard who's.
dialog: Bbtaring at
dialog: Potoker)
dialog: Isn't the costume too perfect?
dialog: Hey, Howard...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: ' Isn't that Paul Potoker?
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: BROWARD
dialog: Potoker. A real powerful
dialog: guy. Always raising shit in
dialog: the papers about something.
text: POTOKER finally exits.
scene_heading: EXT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL ~ MARKET STREET - NIGHT
text: PAUL POTOKER and FRIEND exit the bar and walk toward
text: POTOKER'S Porsche. They're carrying squash equipment.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Fred, who are they?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Local kids. Very serious
dialog: about what they do. They
dialog: call themselves flashdancers.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (arrives at
dialog: the car)
dialog: That creature with the lone
dialog: black hair. I wonder if she
dialog: has any idea how good she is?
dialog: Man, has this neighborhood
dialog: changed.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ae RRS a aA
dialog: ~*~
dialog: 
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: (cont'd)
text: Both get in. Drive off. CAMERA HOLDS on HARD
text: HAT BAR AND GRILL.
scene_heading: INT. VERA'S HOUSE ~ UPSTAIRS - MARKET AREA = DAY
text: Two bedroom doors are closed to a hallway and bathroom.
text: One door opens and FRANK walks out in his underwear,
text: seriously hung over. The second door opens. It's .
text: JUNIOR JEAN in a bath robe. JEAN looks at him.
text: She's hurt. He's silent, sheepish. Her hurt turns
text: to an angry glare. She walks away. He makes his
dialog: way into the bathroom, : .
dialog: + .
scene_heading: INT. VERA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN = MARKET AREA - DAY
text: VERA is at breakfast in a large but cluttered kitchen.
text: A sewing table against the wall is covered with
dialog: fashion magazines and illustrator's annuals. Beside
text: the magazines, laid out neatly ds an unusually stylish
dialog: figure skater's costume, 50 high-fashion it's unlike
text: any seen before. VERA, dressed for work, is pouring
text: ketchup over her French Toast. JEAN arrives and
text: winces at the sight of the ketchup.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: What is it with you?
dialog: Ketchup and French Toast?
speaker_heading: VERA
scene_heading: M-m-mmmm. M-m-mmmmn.
text: VERA tears hungrily into the Frech Toast. JEAN
text: takes a piece of French Toast froma plate. Opens
text: the refrigerator and takes out pancake syrup.
text: Sits down. .
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Are you going to let me pay
dialog: room and board er not? I
dialog: really want to know...
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Jean, I dunno. It's not
dialog: necessary. You're family
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Don't the dancers pay for
dialog: your seamstress work?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ae TENTS oe AT
dialog: 20
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: They cover the cost of the
dialog: material, Hey, anyway,
dialog: it's an opportunity to
dialog: build up my line. I can't
dialog: go on doing piece work at
dialog: the factory forever. If
dialog: me and Howard can ever
dialog: get our shop together, I'll
dialog: have some sort of inventory.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: That's a fantasy...it's been
dialog: years now, Vera.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: No more fantasy than your
dialog: figure skating. J didn't
dialog: spend half th- night finishing
dialog: that costume... °
dialog: (points)
dialog: thinking all that's
dialog: a fantasy, did I?
dialog: Damn it, girl. If you
dialog: work hard it might
dialog: come to you. That's all we can
dialog: hope for in this goddamn
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I'd just feel better if
dialog: you'd take some money.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: You should work it out
dialog: with Frank. It's between
dialog: you and Frank.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I've got to start think-
dialog: ing there's more to
dialog: life than Frank.
text: FRANK walks tenderly into the kitchen. An obvious
text: tension between JUNIOR JEAN and FRANK
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 20 (cont'd)
text: SEAN gets up to leave. Moist eyes. :
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I better get ready for work.
dialog: 
text: SUNIOR JEAN exits. VERA goes to the stove. FRANK
text: sits down, head in hands.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Just juice and coffee.
dialog: I can't eat. : .
text: VERA bringing over coffee and juice.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: You were a real shit last night.
dialog: Jean and I had to come home
dialog: Alone. Where did you go?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (holding his
dialog: head)
dialog: Please, Ma. Not now.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: If your father was alive he'd
dialog: give you a swift kick in
dialog: the ass.
text: “PRANK groans. Sips his coffee shakily.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I hate it when you get into
dialog: the juice like that. Why don't
dialog: you smoke dope or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I like beer.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I can't stand the way you're
dialog: treating your girlfriend
dialog: lately.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't do nothing to Junior
dialog: Jean,
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Exactly right. You don't
dialog: ao nothing.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 20 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Give me a break.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VERA
text: She wakes up alone in
dialog: her room every morning,
dialog: The only time it's really
dialog: good with you two is
text: when she wakes up in
dialog: your room...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (shrugging -
dialog: it off)
dialog: We've been working our
text: asses off.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: What's wrong? You can't
dialog: get it up?
text: . Sound of the back Goor shutting. HOWARD enters.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Do we have to talk about ‘
dialog: r this at breakfast? .
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Good morning fellow
dialog: capitalists!
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Hi...I'm nearly ready.
dialog: {turns to
dialog: Frank)
dialog: You should have a man-to-
dialog: man talk with Howard,
dialog: here. I’m sure he can
dialog: get it up.
text: FRANK winces. VERA turns back to HOWARD.
speaker_heading: BROWARD
dialog: Our kind rub noses.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Nose jobs!
speaker_heading: CC - ‘ CONTINGED
dialog: ‘
dialog: .
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Oh, shut up, Frank.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Hurry...I'm telling you...
dialog: I think I found our shop...
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: And the Pope eats
dialog: kreplach.
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: :
dialog: |
text: HOWARD exits. VERA makes to follow.
speaker_heading: HOWARD {0.5.)
dialog: Let's go Big Mac!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey, Ma. Why does Howard
dialog: call you Big Mac?
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Because it's my favorite
dialog: lunch...Who knows....
text: FRANK finds this hysterical, He can't stop laughing.
text: VERA, conscious of her weight, throws a magazine
text: at him. .
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: It's not funny!
scene_heading: INT, RAVEN'S LOFT - WAREHOUSE DISTRICT = DAY
text: CAMERA PANS a loft with mach space and light. Exotic
text: plants hang over the large windows. The brick walls
text: have been sandblasted by RAVEN herself. Equipment
text: for stripping and blanching the wood floors is sitting
text: at the middle of the loft, The painstaking job is
text: only partially done. On the walls are turn-of-the
text: century anatomical drawings of horses in flight,
text: and a layout of risque underwear from Penthouse
dialog: magazine. What little furniture there is here is
text: art deco. An art deco vase filled with tulips sits
text: on an art deco table beside a mattress on the floor;
text: a bed left unmade. Two half empty wine glasses sit
text: on the floor beside the mattress. On a homemade
text: chair are discarded leotards, a picture book called,
dialog: Modern Dance From Ballet to Rock and Roll, a self-
dialog: help primar on how to do your own taxes, a pair of
text: purple pumps, marijuana bong, and a jacket that
text: announces Eoth "Frank" and “United Electrical Systens.*
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 22
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: (cont'd)
text: CAMERA passes a Chinese screen and HOLDS on RAVEN
text: in front of a mirror and a sink. She's wearing a
text: forties red silk suit bought from a thrift shop.
text: A pill box hat and veil, seamed nylons and black high
text: heels covered with red glitter spray. RAVEN'S
text: putting on the final touches of her elaborate makeup
text: job. Car HONK from outside. She rushes to window
text: and sees a rusted out, powder-blue Comet parked
text: below. Waves. Rushes to door.
scene_heading: EXT. VACANT BUILDING + UPTOWN BOUTIQUE DISTRICT = DAY
text: VERA steps out of the Pasich's Bakery truck while
text: HOWARD excitedly opens the front door‘of a neglected
text: frame garage turned storage building. The building
text: looks disreputable beside an expensive antique shop
text: and VERA shows her disappointment. It's the one
text: sad structure on a street otherwise populated by
text: boutiques, posh shops, an outdoor cafe and, THE CON-
scene_heading: SERVATORY FOR CONTEMPORARY DANCE.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: You've got to be joking?
scene_heading: INT. VACANT BUILDING - UPTOWN BOUTIQUE DISTRICT ~ DAY
text: VERA follows HOWARD, It's worse inside. .
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: What do you expect for
dialog: $450.00 a month?
dialog: Bloomingdales?
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: More than & garage.
speaker_heading: BROWARD
dialog: Coach house...please.
dialog: Best location we've
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Your free-lance pastry money.
dialog: My piece work. That covers the
dialog: rent, my materials, your
dialog: cosmetics. But this place?
dialog: Whose going to renovate?
dialog: Certainly not the landlord.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: We'll do it...
speaker_heading: VERA
text: When the Pope eats kreplach.
dialog: That's when I°11l do it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: We'll do iti
scene_heading: EXT. UPTOWN STREET - BOUTIQUE DISTRICT = DAY
text: The eccentric blue Comet, carrying NADIA, SOLITARY,
text: TINA TECH in the back seat, RAVEN in the front, LORR-‘
text: AINE driving, turns onto the street and heads toward
text: the bakery truck, The car and the girls, all wearing
text: outrageous street fashions, cause shoppers' heads
dialog: to turn.
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S CAR ~ UPTOWN STREET - "DAY
text: The girls are having a great time flaunting themselves
text: to the uptown crowd. TINA TECH parodies one
text: of the well-heeled shoppers, a middle-aged man
text: obviously gay.
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: Check out the bum-burgler.
speaker_heading: NADIA
dialog: Lah-de-dah.
speaker_heading: RAVEN ‘
dialog: There it is. There's the
dialog: truck.
scene_heading: EXT. UPTOWN STREET = BOUTIQUE DISTRICT - DAY
text: The car slows. As it does it passes THE CONSERVATORY
text: OF CONTEMPORARY DANCE. ‘Two, sleek, confident, upper
text: middle-class girls in their late teens are walking
text: down the steps wearing leg warmers. It's a private
dialog: school for exceptional students: originally influenced
dialog: by the Martha Graham and Merce Cunningham schools.
text: The car passes the girls. Mutual stares. Mutual
dialog: fascination.
speaker_heading: NADIA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Pah-cee-doo,.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: ah, calm down, Nadia, I'm hunc over.
text: The car finally pulls up behind the truck.
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: Not that shithouse?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 26 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I think it's cute.
scene_heading: 27 INT. VACANT BUILDING = UPTOWN BOUTIQUE DISTRICT - DAY
text: The GIRLS walk in led by RAVEN.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Well. Look what the
dialog: eighties dragged in...
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Would you girls talk to -
dialog: this man? §450 a month...
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: It costs that to park
dialog: your car around here.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: If you all pitched in
dialog: how long would it take
dialog: to fix?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Not that long. It's .
dialog: real cute...
text: RAVEN is pulling up a piece of linoleum. The rest
text: of the girls despite being stylishly turned out,
dialog: , Move around the place like laborers, shifting
text: boxes, checking walls.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
text: There's a pine floor under this.
dialog: It'd look great stripped.
dialog: Hell of a job though.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: We only got Sundays off...
dialog: I'd say, maybe four Sundays,
dialog: double shifts.
text: NADIA and SOLITARY grimace at each other.
speaker_heading: SOLITARY
dialog: C'mon, you guys. We're the
text: only two with boyfriends.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 27
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: VERA walks
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: Trust Solitary to try to
dialog: weenie out...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'll do the roof and floor
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE ,
dialog: Tina is a great carpenter.
dialog: I'll paint.
speaker_heading: VERA’ a s
dialog: (warily)
dialog: I guess Frank and Jean
dialog: could do the extra wiring...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Great! Great! Gr...
dialog: (turns to
dialog: Vera)
dialog: Let’s go do the lease...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: She has to come with t
dialog: us! Jean's competing
dialog: an the regionals.
text: nervously. Ponders. Turns to RAVEN, Now excited.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: It's okay. I‘l1 have
dialog: Howard take me to the
dialog: arena. We're
text: uptown now anyways.
text: HOWARD rushes over and embraces VERA. A mood of
text: exultation.
speaker_heading: TINA .
dialog: By the way I borrowed
dialog: some makeup from your case...
dialog: for Jean...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Not my electric red?
speaker_heading: TINA .
dialog: Not your own
dialog: stuffl..,.Just some
dialog: Madelaine Mono...
speaker_heading: CONTINVED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: L
dialog: ' 29
dialog: 30
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Just because I do your
dialog: makeup for peanuts doesn't
dialog: mean I'm a patron of the
dialog: arts. It'll cost someone
dialog: eight bucks,
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: We'll chip in. Don't
dialog: worry.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (gleefully look- .
dialog: ing around)
dialog: I don’t care..Take it all.
dialog: Take it all...
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: The old Comet pulls into a gas station. The driver,
text: LORRAINE, gets Cut walks over to a self-serve gas
text: pump. Macho in the extreme she shoves the nozzle
text: into her tank. A wind blows her dress high, exposing
text: red stilettos and pink seamed stockings. She ignores
text: stares from blue collar workers. Doesn't bother
text: holding the dress down. RAVEN leans out of the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Hurry up!
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Don't get your tits in a
dialog: knot.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN = VERA'S HOUSE = DAY
text: JUNIOR JEAN is nervously searching through the cabinet
text: above the kitchen sink. She takes out a container of
dialog: prescribed pills, They're VERA'S diet pills. She
text: pops two and pockets two more. She's wearing &
text: long cloak. Starts to pace frantically. She's
text: beside herself with anxiety. Car RONK from outside.
text: She picks up her equipment bag and races toward the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S CAR - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: The car is speeding along the streets, An atmosphere
text: of tension and anticipation. Finally JEAN breaks
dialog: the silence.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: . 30
dialog: i 31
dialog: 32
dialog: {cont'd)
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Turn here...
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I've gotta stop by the
dialog: church a sec...
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: Jesus! What for?
text: JEAN turns to TINA. She's frantic.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I want to see the priest.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: We don't have time!
speaker_heading: OUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I just have to...for luck.
text: The girls don't laugh. They understand completely.
text: RAVEN puts a comforting arm around JUNIOR JEAN.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'll go in with her...
scene_heading: EXT, ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH ~ MARKET DISTRICT ~- DAY
text: Comet in background as RAVEN and JEAN mount the
text: Stairs of the church, approaching the main door,
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Why are you 50 jumpy?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: INT. ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH ~ MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: RAVEN walks with JEAN down the aisle toward the
text: confession box, talking quietly, striking an almost
dialog: maternal pose.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Those uptown girls are real
dialog: snobs. Pretend they don't
dialog: exist. Don't let them
dialog: get to you...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: a ee
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: ZI just have to make it.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You don't understand, Jean,
dialog: Do you know how much it costs
dialog: for Tai and Randy just to
dialog: train for a year?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: {not listening)
dialog: How come you gave up
dialog: skating, Raven. Tina told
dialog: me you were good. « “
text: JEAN pulls the chord te ring for the priest. She's
text: trembling.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: The uptown kids had a big
dialog: advantage. They could
dialog: pay for private club
dialog: memberships; they had
dialog: club pros anytime they
dialog: needed them...You trained at
dialog: the St. John's
dialog: rink, right? .
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: So did I. That's for
dialog: poor people.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: It's okay. I ;
text: copy jumps and stuff from TV.
text: RAVEN blanches. JEAN pulls the chord again. The
text: YOUNG MODERN PRIEST, seen in the market earlier,
text: walks slowly to the confessional box from the rear
dialog: of the church. He's cireling stocks in the Wall
dialog: Street Journal. ~~
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSION BOX - CATHOLIC CHURCH ~ DAY
text: The PRIEST is still circling stocks. He doesn't
text: bother to open the grate in front of him.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Welcome.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 34° (cont'd)
speaker_heading: curT To:
text: JEAN'S portion of the confession box. She
text: performs the sign of the cross.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: The Father..the Son...
dialog: and the Holy Ghost...
dialog: cut TO:
text: PRIEST'S portion of the confession box. Distracted.
speaker_heading: , PRIEST
dialog: It won't be necessary to read
dialog: , the scripture. I'd rather
dialog: you read God's word on your
dialog: own time...When was your
dialog: last confessicu?
dialog: curt To:
text: JEAN'S side of the confession box.
speaker_heading: ' JEAN
dialog: (frenetic, rapid-
dialog: fire delivery)
dialog: 
dialog: Look,Father...
dialog: : I gotta get this over with because
dialog: i : I'm in a real hurry. I'm Jean
dialog: Cavastani,..I live with Frank
dialog: 1 Rosenberg and his Ma but I guess
dialog: ; you wouldn't know them. Anyway,
dialog: I want to confess my sins because
dialog: 1 I can't afford to have anyone
dialog: | coming down on me today. Es-
dialog: pecially God. And especially
dialog: ’ today. Today is the biggest
dialog: ( day of my life, Father. I'm
dialog: competing in the figure skating
dialog: regionals and it's terribly,
dialog: terribly important for me to
dialog: place, If I don't, I'11 just
dialog: Gie. Me and Vera spent weeks
dialog: [ getting the costume together which
dialog: is fantastic. And all my spare
dialog: time (which isn't much because
dialog: of my job)...all my spare time
dialog: went on my jumps. Anyway, here's
dialog: what I think my sins are...1 jerk...
dialog: ’ I mean, I masturbate a lot because
dialog: t- - Frank is off me these days and I've
dialog: never been with another boy.
speaker_heading: (MORE) CONTINVED
dialog: | tT TNE Mites wi) ote
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: {cont'd)
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, I don't think sex
dialog: is a sin, but I thought
dialog: Z should tell you just in
dialog: Case. What I'm really
dialog: freaked about is that
dialog: I steal these diet pills,
dialog: these deximils from Vera
dialog: who's kind of chubby and
dialog: doesn't miss them yet. Like
dialog: today...1 think it's the pills
dialog: that make me 5O nervous.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: PRIEST'S portion of the confession box. Pushes
text: the grate open and stares at wonder at this creature
text: giving her speed-rap confessional, From PRIEST'S POV.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (under his
dialog: breath)
dialog: Jesus Christ...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: It's not that I'm an addict .
dialog: or anything. It's just what
dialog: with my work and skating I need
dialog: high energy...I'm smaller than my
dialog: friends...I'm the only ene
dialog: who skates and it's real im-
dialog: portant for me to be good at
dialog: something. My friends are
dialog: real fantastic and Raven,
dialog: {you don't know Raven) is
dialog: beyond fantastic. Anyways, I
dialog: know popping {s a mortal sin
dialog: because in school they used
dialog: to say taking drugs breaks
dialog: the Fifth Commandment..."Thou
dialog: shalt not kill..." because it's
dialog: like killing your own body. °
dialog: I work hard and I'm really
dialog: healthy s0, maybe, just maybe,
dialog: that makes up for it. You know
dialog: what I mean?
scene_heading: INT, RACQUET AND SKATING CLUB ~ UPTOWN = DAY
text: JILL POTOKER, 15, an attractive but haughty blonde,
text: aristocratic in a pale blue figure skating costume,
text: is in the middle of her free~style. The MUSIC,
dialog: classical in theme, is appropriately
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Mbarara et ak
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: (cont'd)
text: suited for her moves which have, about them, a cold
text: but exquisite refinement. Her father, PADL, and
text: her mother, ELAINE, 36, dark, black hair, impeccably
text: dressed, very attractive, are watching on one side
text: of the arena. Other uptown parents with politely
dialog: turned out children, various coaches and judges and
text: cultivated contestants are on the same side of the
text: arena. CAMERA PANS to the opposite side of the .
text: arena from PAUL'S POV. Dwarfed in the empty bleachers
scene_heading: are RAVE!:, TINA, SOLITARY, LORRAINE and NADIA
text: looking decidely out of place in their street high-
text: fashion plummage. VERA is fussing with the
text: long cloak wrapped around JUNIOR JEAN. JILL'S
text: routine is moving toward a spirited culmination.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: (to Raven)
dialog: She's good. The best
dialog: so far. .
text: RAVEN nods. As JILL finishes, applause rings across
text: the arens’. PAUL, and ELAINE, delighted and proud,
text: embrace JILL as she skates off. The judges, heads
text: down in the judge's box, are conferring.
scene_heading: INT. RACQUET AND SKATING CLUB = UPTOWN - DAY"
text: JILL POTOKER'S marks are held up high by the judges.
dialog: Mostly five/sixes and five/sevens for artistic inter-
dialog: pertation., They're the best marks of the day. JILL
text: takes the accomplishment in a matter-of-fact manner.
text: FRANK, late, comes rushing in.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Why do I have to skate
dialog: after her?
speaker_heading: NADIA
dialog: I thought she was corny.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE .
dialog: Yeah, She moves like she
text: has a pickle up her ass.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: She was good, But you can't
dialog: think about it. You're the best.
speaker_heading: SOLITARY
dialog: Just be yourself.
text: The P/A system announces JEAN'S nime.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: FRANK -
dialog: {out of braath) ;
dialog: Blow ‘em away, Jeanie!
text: VERA takes the cloak. JEAN moves toward the gate.
text: She skates slowly to the spotlight at center ice.
text: Polite applause from the polite side. Cheering from
dialog: her friends.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. RACQUET AND SKATING CLUB = UPTOWN ~ DAY
text: JEAN stands in the spotlight, her head down, striking
text: an almost religious pose. Performs the sign of the
text: cross. Her music begins. A slow jazz saxaphone
text: presents an unlikely musical beginning: but stirring
text: in it's freshness. She moves forward; slowly, eloquently,
text: and suddenly stops, gripped with stage fright. She
text: seems forlorn, almost lost in her grand costume,
text: everdressed for the occasion: her body hidden
dialog: away in what now was only a good idea at the time.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: tunder her
dialog: breath)
dialog: Move, Jean, move.
text: The MUSIC abruptly changes into hard surface rock.
text: JUNIOR JEAN springs to life in a circular step
dialog: sequence, She's immediately electric. The t
text: FLASHDANCERS beside the boards, led by RAVEN, start an
text: extraordinary dance, mouthing the lyrics.
text: PAUL POTOKER can't take his eyes off RAVEN, who he
text: recognizes. JUNIOR JEAN does a number of unorthadox
text: moves that are quite stonning. She flies into e
dialog: double loop jump. She's very good. Still, most
text: eyes in the audience turn to RAVEN who has become
text: the star here. JEAN looks toward RAVEN, and uncon-
text: sciously begins to follow her momentum, competing with
text: her. It's too much for her. In the midst of a
text: Gobble lutz jump she crashes to the ice. Groans
text: from the audience. FRANK shakes his head.
dialog: ne meee meen ate nn neat
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Get up!
text: JEAN struggles to her feet. Her eyes again on RAVEN,
text: who, suddenly appears to her as a vision; abstracted,
text: Jarger than life. She pushes into another double
text: lutz jump. Crashes to the ice again. Tears roll
text: down her face.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (strangely angry)
dialog: Get up! Get vp!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: (cont'd)
text: JEAN struggles to her feet again. The MUSIC BUILDS.
text: SEAN can't move. She stands at center ice staring
text: at RAVEN still moving superbly to the musie. MUSIC
text: stops. RAVEN stops, Silence, JEAN and RAVEN are
text: left staring at each other, not yet comprehending
text: what has happened between them. FRANK steps on ice.
text: SEAN skates over. He embraces her.
scene_heading: INT. PASICH'S BAKERY ~ MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: HOWARD, covered in flour, is before s large open
text: oven shoveling loaves of bread onto cooling racks.
text: He's running with perspiration, surrounded by racks
text: of bread, As he works he does a comical Julia Child
text: routine under his breath.
speaker_heading: RAMOS (0.5.)
dialog: Is today your plum or
dialog: watermelor day?
text: HOKARD thinks. Puts down his wood baking pallate.
text: Yells back.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Watermelon!
text: HOWARD walks toward a staircase just outside the
text: oven room. Walks up.
scene_heading: INT. THE PASICH APARTMENT - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD ~ DAY
text: The five-room apartment above the bakery is a curious
text: mix of old world and designer decors. RAMOS is
dialog: cutting a slice of watermelon and putting it ona
text: plate. HOWARD arrives.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: This is a dumb diet.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Bette Midler lost 15 .
text: pounds on it.
text: HOWARD takes the plate. Joins his MOTHER at the
text: kitchen table. She's studying the bakery's accounts.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: What's the story Mama?
scene_heading: MRS. PASICH
dialog: We can spare maybe 300
dialog: more dollars. Not more.
dialog: Fven a penny.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 39
dialog: (eont'd)
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: I collected from Clos Normand
dialog: eesThe freelance pastry
dialog: is down $72 this month...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: It's 50 trendy uptown.
dialog: One minute they want
dialog: creams, the next? .
dialog: (eating
dialog: watermelon)
dialog: Anyway, we match Vera's
dialog: money. The shop will
dialog: open on time.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: You're Griving yourself
dialog: too hard, Howard, It's
dialog: ridiculous. Up at five
dialog: in the morning every day...
scene_heading: MRS. PASICH
dialog: You're no chicken no more.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: (laughs) .
dialog: Don't tell him thas
dialog: Mama Pasich...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Ne and Vera are going to
dialog: give our customers a
dialog: complete new look, This
dialog: is ovr break. You watch.
dialog: There's nothing around like
dialog: what we do...
scene_heading: MRS. PASICH
dialog: Ramos. Tell him to be
dialog: happy with bakery. Was
dialog: good enough for Mr. Pasich...
text: HOWARD gets up and opens a series of pastry hoxes.
text: Ignores MOTHER.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (angry)
dialog: You know? Bastards! I'm missing to
dialog: fresh fruit tortes! 1
dialog: have a good idea of
dialog: what little bastards
dialog: are thieving my tortes...
dialog: Bastards}
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
scene_heading: EXT. RENOVATED BOUSE ~ MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: CLOSE ON one of three sandblasters blasting the third-
text: Story facade of the previously-seen house under
text: renovation. Out of the corner of her headgear,
text: RAVEN sees the forlorn figure of JUNIOR JEAN walking
text: toward the house. RAVEN turns off her blast hose.
text: Struggles out of headgear. Waves to renovation
text: crew foreman. Her hydraulic deck begins to descend.
text: TINA TECH working as a carpenter's helper walks up
text: to RAVEN. JUNIOR JEAN approaches.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I hope you're feeling
dialog: better.
text: JUNIOR JEAN half smiles, nods. There's a noticable
text: tension between them. .
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm late. I'll see
dialog: you two later...
text: JUNIOR JEAN and TINA TECH watch RAVEN walk off.
text: They begin to walk with each other.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: JUNIOR JEAN and TINA TECH are walking silently together.
text: TINA puts a sisterly arm aroundher friend as they
text: walk. TINA is wearing her work clothes, JUNIOR JEAN,
text: A bomber jacket and jeans.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: (blood-shot
dialog: eyes)
dialog: The judges didn't even
dialog: get to hold up the cards.
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: You had some great moments.
dialog: You'll get another shot...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I'm better than that Tina.
dialog: A lot better. Something
dialog: happened...
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: You lost concentration. I
dialog: saw it...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
speaker_heading: 41 (cont'd)
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
text: They waik together silently for awhile.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: What do you really
dialog: think of Raven?
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: She's a fabulous dancer.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I mean really. . .
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: She's one of those people
dialog: who don't need things.
dialog: Don't need cards held up
dialog: to know she's perfect
dialog: sixes.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Sometimes she scares me...
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: I think she scares all of us .
dialog: sometimes...
text: They face each other as if they're sharing a secret.
text: Shouting from across the street breaks mood,
scene_heading: EXT. ILLUSTRATED HOUSE = MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: A city official standing in front of his official
text: car is listening to loud complaints from a heavy~
text: set housewife, the next door neighbor to the
text: ILLUSTRATED HOUSE. The earnest Italian muralist has
dialog: added one more episode to his view of the world.
text: A topless blessed virgin suckling a Christchild.
text: The housewife is screaming about the obscenity of it
text: all. Peering through a windowed curtain is a red-
text: faced MR, CORRELLI. JUNIOR JEAN and TINA burst
text: into laughter.
scene_heading: EXT. UPTOWN SHOP = BOUTIQUE DISTRICT = DAY
text: RAVEN, looking statuesque in work clothes, is stand-
text: ing on the roof of the dilapidated building HOWARD
text: and VERA have decided to rent. She's ripping up and
text: throwing rotting shingles to the ground. Below her,
text: LORRAINE 45 painting an outside wall, RAVEN stops
text: for a minute to watch a sophisticated group of young
text: DANCERS enter the CONSERVATORY down the street.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: alg {Cont Gs
text: - HOWARD, holding a sketch book, rushes out. Yells
text: up to RAVEN.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Two To Tangol
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: . HOWARD
dialog: The name of the shop!
speaker_heading: RAVEN |. .
dialog: (beams)
dialog: ! Terrific...
speaker_heading: , LORRIANE
dialog: I don't get it?
speaker_heading: HOWARD °
dialog: (turns to Lorraine)
dialog: It takes...two to...
dialog: | (gestures)
text: LORRAINE doesn't understand at all. HOWARD shakes
text: his head, rushes back inside to confer with VERA as
text: RAVEN climbs Gown ladder. LORRIANE moves inside too.
text: RAVEN heads off in the direction of the CONSERVATORY.
dialog: - 4
scene_heading: 44 EXT. CONSERVATORY OF CONTEMPORARY DANCE =- DAY
text: RAVEN starts up the steps of the reconverted brownstone.
text: The ADMISSIONS DIRECIJOR , an imposing woman in her fifties,
text: a is standing behind the glass door talking to an
text: INSTRUCTOR. RAVEN slows, intimidated and
text: ' returns to the bottom of the stairs. She wanders to the
text: ) rear of the building and finds a fire escape. On
text: the second floor she sees a door open to the air.
text: Hears MUSIC. Climbs up.
scene_heading: 45 INT. CONSERVATORY OF CONTEMPORARY DANCE ~ DAY
text: JWELVE DANCERS of the Junior Ensemble are moving to
text: a classic Twyla Twarp piece at the same time respond-
text: ing to the didactic shouts of a severe FEMALE INSTRUCTOR
text: in her thirties. RAVEN steps behind the door and
text: t watches. She's never seen this type of dancing before.
text: She's impressed. C/U moments: her fingers stretching,
text: legs, feet imitating the choreographed gestures.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 46
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. STREET = HARD HAT BAR & GRILL — NIGHT
text: HOWARD'S delivery truck pulis up in Front of the
text: bar. He slams the door in a rage and moves toward
text: the depot coffee shop where the BIKERS and a few
text: GROUPIES, who taunted him earlier are standing in
text: front of their Yamahas. HOWARD, when angry, has
text: a fearful physical presence. TINA TECH has just
text: arrived at the door of the bar. Looks on.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You're stealing my tortes,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: FIRST BIKER
dialog: {turns to second)
dialog: Hey, Lenny. Did you steal
dialog: his tite?
speaker_heading: HORKARD
dialog: It's my livelihood!
speaker_heading: SECOND BIKER
dialog: (grabs breast of
dialog: Girl next to him)
dialog: I gave ‘em to Norma here.
dialog: C'mon, Howard. Come get '
dialog: your tits.
text: General laughter. HOWARD lunges at the SECOND BIKER,
text: grabs him, totally dominating.
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: Koward!
text: She runs toward him as two other BIKERS attack.
text: SECOND BIKER struggles free. As FIRST BIKER moves
text: in TINA, surprisingly strong, stops him. NORMA
text: comes at her. TINA grabs her by sweatshirt.
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: Touch me, bitch and
dialog: I'll xip your lungs
dialog: out.
text: TINA pulls HORARD back, BIKERS move toward them.
text: A police car Gown the street brings action to a
text: halt. TINA glares at the BIXERS.
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: Fuckin’ Palookas!
text: HOWARD and TINA walk cautiously back to the bar.
dialog: 
dialog: 47
dialog: . ag
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR & GRILL = MARKET NEIGHROHOOD ~ NIGHT
text: CAMERA PANS the bar, bus drivers, workers, the regulars,
text: NICK, the owner, standing behind the bar. The SIX
text: PRINCIPLE WAITRESSES are rocking to the music
text: while carrying trays of draft beer. Occasionally
text: they will put the trays down to do some impromptu
text: flashdancing between tables. CAMERA HOLDS on PAUL
text: POTOKER, dressed in an expensive suit, sipping
text: a scot, watching RAVEN dance. Her look is
text: more sophisticated this time. We see C/I choreographed gesture
text: seen earlier at the CONSERVATORY. She's halfway
text: through her dance, moving her costume around. The
text: MUSIC takes a turn from jazz to rock.and roll. PAUL
text: astonished as RAVEN starts to literally rip the
text: dress she's wearing to shreds exposing a
text: Bilver-sequined tank top. The dress is made of a
text: particular kind of disposable material. RAVEN moves
text: into what appears to be balletic twirls and twists
text: and we finally see the move seen previously in Olitski's
text: Gym. Her hair trails across: the ground and her face
text: moves up between her legs, undulates, swoops into another
text: series of moves, The bar goes wild when RAVEN ascends
text: to the dressing room. PAUL is stunned. HOWARD
text: approaches PAUL.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Mr. Potoker?
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL = DRESSING ROOM = NIGHT
text: RAMOS, busy doing TINA'S MAKEUP, hands RAVEN a towel.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: (checking nails)
dialog: You should use tips instead
dialog: of fits.
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: Fits are better. When I
dialog: get some extra money I'm
dialog: going to get some Living
dialog: Nails.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: Not that acrylic garbage?
text: The other DANCERS are busily preparing for the next
text: number. VERA is bringing in pieces of RAVEN'S next
text: costume, RAVEN notices TINA'S shoes.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Fast shoes you got there..
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: They're Louis Jourdan.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Charles Jourdan...5ix bucks
text: at the thrift shop. A
dialog: steal...
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GILL = NIGHT
text: HOWARD is sitting with PAUL POTOKER, just finishing
text: writing his phone numbers down on a match box cover.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: That's my home, that's
dialog: the bakery number, the
dialog: bar's cn the front there...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'll see what I can do Howard..
speaker_heading: BOWARD
dialog: I'd be so grateful. If
dialog: my pastries could sell at
dialog: Les Copain I'd feel I'd
dialog: made the big time.
text: RAVEN enters the bar looking particularly sexy. She
text: stops to talk to one of the PRINCIPLE WAITRESSES.
text: We see her from PAUL'S POV...The WAITRESS, pleased
dialog: about something RAVEN has said, puts her tray
text: down and rushes toward the dressing room stairs.
text: HOWARD notices PAUL staring at RAVEN.
speaker_heading: HOWARD .
dialog: That's Raven. She's the
dialog: regular diva, around here.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Beautiful...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You should meet her...
dialog: (shouts;
dialog: beckons)
dialog: Raven!
text: RAVEN, waves back, walks to the bar where there's a
text: large frothy white drink waiting for her. Starts to
text: Stride towards HOWARD'S table. Stops enroute at
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: + ee net ee eat
dialog: 49
dialog: 
dialog: (cont'd)
text: FRANK'S table, whose drinking with other blue-collar
text: workers, Bends down and drags on his cigarette while
text: it's still in his hand, her eyes still fixed on
text: PAUL POTOKER'S stare. Every bend, every move appears
text: as if it's meant for a camera. Conscious that her
text: performance continues off stage, RAVEN moves toward
text: PAUL. There is, about her, an air of unobtainability.
text: HOWARD stands, steps toward her, .
speaker_heading: ROWARD
dialog: (under his
dialog: breath) .
dialog: Be nice...he might °* om
dialog: get me work.
dialog: (turns;
dialog: normal voice)
dialog: Paul Potoker. This
dialog: is Raven.
speaker_heading: PAUL ‘
dialog: How do you do...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Hi.
text: MUSIC BUILDS. Next dancer is about to come on’,
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Jesus.,.Gotta scoot...back in a sec...
text: HOWARD rushes off towards the dressing room stairs.
text: PAUL stands, extends his hand to RAVEN. For a second
dialog: she doesn't understand,
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Oh...
text: Shakes his hand, sits down. Sips her drink voraciously
text: through a straw.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: A Jellybean...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Jellybean?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: One ounce of Vodka, one
dialog: ounce Kahula, one ounce
dialog: banana liquer, blended with
text: cream and crushed ice in a
dialog: blender...
speaker_heading: ” CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: ao ary noe: eon eet
dialog: 49
dialog: 
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Good God.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Taste it,
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Tastes like a milkshake...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're a :
dialog: wonderful dancer, Raven...
speaker_heading: RAVEN os .
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I'll be better next set...
dialog: Fotoker? I know that name.
dialog: Do you have anything to do
dialog: with Potoker Developers?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The family business.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Yeah. I see your signs
dialog: on a lot of new construc-
dialog: tion...Aren't you the guy
dialog: always trashing the other
dialog: developers?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I like to give them
dialog: a hard time. I paid
dialog: dues in architectural
dialog: school and somewhere along
dialog: the line learned there's
dialog: more to building than
dialog: making money.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You don't look like
dialog: you're starving tn death.
text: MUSIC shifts. LIGHTS up. The podiums descend featur=
text: ing LORRAINE in her high-style leopard costume.
text: The previously seen young WAITRESS is dancing on
text: RAVEN'S podium. The podiums ascend leaving
text: LORRAINE moving to rhythmic Brazilian MUSIC. She
text: has about her a jungle scent. RAVEN starts to bop in
text: her chair furiously sipping her drink. PAUL can't
text: Btop looking at her. Total fascination. They both
text: sit silently watching LORRAINE'S performance.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 49 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You drink like a
dialog: stevedore.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I lose a lot of water...
text: FRANK catches RAVEN'S eye. A tension between them.
text: PAUL notices it. VERA joins FRANK'S table.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Nice meeting you...1
dialog: have to get back to my
dialog: friends...
speaker_heading: FAUL
dialog: (surprised
dialog: at himself)
dialog: Look. Raven. I...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (@efensive}
dialog: Uh...I don't date customers...
speaker_heading: PAUL .
dialog: Is that house policy?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: It's my policy.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (smooth smile)
dialog: i'm harmless.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Funny. You dou't look
dialog: harmless.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm married. And have a
dialog: daughter not that much
dialog: younger than you...that's
dialog: harmless...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: When did you get married?
dialog: When you were twelve?
text: RAVEN makes to leave. Impulsively turns back...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Do you know where the Donwood
dialog: Golf Course is?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I think so...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You can meet me at the tenth
dialog: hole Wednesday at six
text: in the morning.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Are you nuts?
speaker_heading: RAVEN .
dialog: That's the only time - .
dialog: I have free...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're putting me on right?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (sincerity)
dialog: Nope...Tenth hole, six in
dialog: the morning.
text: RAVEN walks to FRANKS' table and sits down. PAUL stares
text: at her, shakes his head, finally turns to LORRAINE'S
dialog: performance.
scene_heading: INT. RAVEN'S LOFT = WAREHOUSE DISTRICT = DAY
text: RAVEN, in painter's overalls, is on her hands and
text: knees stripping the hardwood floor of her loft.
text: The loft, having just been cleaned, is pristine.
dialog: Great pride is behind the care in this home.
text: Knock at the door.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: It's open!
text: FRANK walks in fresh from work. He still has his
text: work clothes on.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't you ever stop working?
text: RAVEN stands, examines her work.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You in a bad mood?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: These contractors. They
dialog: never pay their bills
dialog: on time.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You're telling me? Want
dialog: a drink?
text: As RAVEN walks toward the kitchen area she's Slipping
text: off her overalls.
speaker_heading: ; FRANK : .
dialog: Let's have a couple of
dialog: colds...
text: RAVEN takes two beers out of the fridge. Drops her
text: overalls. Puts on a pair of high heels. She's only
text: wearing bikini pants. As she pours the beers,
text: FRANK is discarding all his clothing. He lays back
text: on the bed and watches the vision of RAVEN moving
text: toward him, She puts the beers on a sidetable.
text: Matter-of-factly she climbs on top of him. Stares down
text: into his eyes.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You steam me up, Frankie.
text: FRANK pulls her roughly toward him, They kiss.
text: Deeply sexual, deeply physical. A scene all about appetite.
scene_heading: INT. JUNIOR JEAN'S ROOM ~ VERA'S HOUSE = DAY
text: JUNIOR JEAN closes the door behind her. Her room is
text: a self-created version of a tropical paradise complete
text: with a plastic palm tree and escapist posters of
text: Caribbean Islands. On one wall is a big poster of
text: Peggy Fleming. She pushes a sound sleeping device.
text: We hear surf crashing against a beach. She throws
text: her bomber jacket and tool belt on the bed. A sen-
text: timental, almost forties, musical atmosphere is evoked.
text: JEAN undresses straightforwardly. Walks over to a
text: wall mirror and examines her body academically.
text: She pushes her breasts up thinking that they sag
text: a@ little, Examines her profile. Changes her hair-
text: style with her hands. She's actually quite beautiful.
text: In work clothes she appears short, tom-boyish. But
text: without clothes Ker body is revealed to be full and
text: attractive, Slowly she walks to the window ledge
text: and sits by the window like a Manet figure. She stares
text: thoughtfully out at the old neighborhood.
dialog: 
dialog: 52
scene_heading: EXT. DONWOOD GOLF COURSE - DAWN
text: PAUL POTORER, Griving his Porsche, pulls up beside
text: the dark golf links which are below him. PORTUGUESE
text: WORKERS are picking dew worms at a frantic pace below.
text: It's not quite apparent to PAUL what's going on,
text: A surrealistic long shot shows lamp-lighted mining
text: hats, bobbing up and down in precision.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What is this?
text: PAUL gets out. &tares for awhile then honks his horn.
text: CLOSE on RAVEN, in line with the workers, plucking
text: worms and putting them in a basket, keeping up with
text: the best of them. She looks up and sees hie headlights.
text: WALks quickly toward the car. The sun is just about
text: to come up. RAVEN still holding her basket of worms,
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You came...I'm surprised.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're surprised? I must
dialog: be out of my mind...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (locking at
dialog: car)
dialog: Like I said, you're not
dialog: exactly starving.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What do you do here?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I pick dew worms with the
dialog: Fortuguese before work.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Before work?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Yeah, I work for a
dialog: renovation crew.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Of course you do.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm a sandbYaster.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: \
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: 52 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: - PAUL
dialog: - (incredulous)
dialog: What galaxy are you
dialog: from?.o.
dialog: {pause)
dialog: What do we do now?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (turning)
dialog: I've got to check out
dialog: my baskets. Be right back.
text: PAUL is bewildered by all this, watches her run
text: Gown toward the workers.
scene_heading: 53 EXT. DRIVE-IN COFFEE SHOP-<INT: PAUL'S PORSCBE-=" DAY
text: The Porsche is parked beside a speaker and RAVEN is
text: leaning over PAUL shouting her order...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: BLT down...keep off
dialog: the grass...easy on the mayo...
dialog: One Elack on black... .
speaker_heading: + SPEAKER VOICE
dialog: f eeeGot it!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Translate please.
speaker_heading: 1 RAVEN
dialog: } What?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Your order...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Oh...BLT --bacon, lettuce,
dialog: i tomato sandwich--down--
dialog: toasted--keep off the
dialog: grass --not too much lettuce
dialog: ~-easy on the mayo...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know easy on the mayo.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: «eeAnd a chocolate milkshake
dialog: made with chocolate ice cream...
dialog: I hate it when they use vanilla.
text: PAUL smiles at her. Thoughtful.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 53
dialog: ooty
dialog: 54
dialog: 
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why did you put me through
dialog: this way? Bringing me
text: out at the crack of dawn...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I wanted to see if I was
dialog: worth the bother, I mean
dialog: guys like you, who have
dialog: everything, and who are...
dialog: you know...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Older?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: No. God. I wish you
dialog: were older...I mean you're
dialog: Still a real piece...You
dialog: make me nervous...
text: PAUL laughs at her candidness.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I don't know what a man -
dialog: like you wants from some-
dialog: one like me...except the
dialog: obvious...I just don't want
dialog: to be ripped off.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET STREETS - INT. PAUL'S PORSCHE = DAY
text: The car turns into the market area, highly noticeable
text: to the street merchants and. shoppers.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That was the best breakfast
dialog: I've had in years.
speaker_heading: . RAVEN
dialog: Thanks a lot, Mr. Potoker.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: For Christ's sake..Paul.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Okay...Paul...Listen.
dialog: I think you made a wrong
dialog: turn.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I want to show you something.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: §5
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLES STREET ~ MARKET AREA = DAY
text: Car pulls up in front of a neglected three-story
text: clapboard house, painted a bright azure blue.
text: PAUL and RAVEN get out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I can't believe the color...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: What ie it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: My father was born in that
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: You're from the neighbor-
dialog: hood? No kidding?
text: PAUL, nostalgic, looking around.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: My parents used to ’
dialog: Bit on the stoop and
dialog: entertain the neighbors
dialog: most nights...I used to
dialog: play stickball on the
dialog: street there...Thought I was
dialog: another Drysdale...
text: PAUL has gone wp in RAVEN'S estimation.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Why did you move?
speaker_heading: PALL
dialog: My mother wanted to move
dialog: up in the world. But my .
dialog: father never really adjusted
dialog: to moving uptown...even after
dialog: he sold his carpet business
dialog: and bought buildings...It
dialog: confused him...Missed his
dialog: cronies...He died just
dialog: last year...Dropped dead in his
dialog: office...Like that...They found
dialog: a hundred dollar bill pinned
dialog: in his coat.e.
speaker_heading: CONTINDED
dialog: 56
dialog: 
dialog: wont'a)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Why ecco?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: An old country habit.,.Logic
dialog: is if you get sick somewhere,
dialog: “"Bpoméore will find you and
dialog: realize you're not poor.
text: Comtemplative moment. RAVEN touched by this intimacy.
dialog: Po.
dialog: You'll eventually leave the -
dialog: neighborhood too. .
dialog: Everybody does.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I dunno...I know everybody...
text: Even the birds on the wires.
text: PAUL and RAVEN walk slowly back to the car. Get in.
text: PAUL turns to her.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You'll see. One day you'll
dialog: want to move to a city
dialog: like New York or L.A...
text: PAUL starts the car.
speaker_heading: RAVEN .
dialog: Those cities. They're
text: like faces passing in a
dialog: train...I'd never move there...
text: Car drives off. PAUL stares at RAVEN, confused by
text: her attitude. She checks her watch.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm late for work.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Don't be sorry.
dialog: I loved it...
scene_heading: EXT. RENOVATED HOUSE - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
text: RENOVATION FOREMAN, about 60, watches RAVEN get
text: out of the Porsche. PAUL drives off. RAVEN waves
text: cheerfully and approaches the FOREMAN.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 55 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: : FOREMAN
dialog: t- (sarcasm)
dialog: My, my, my...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (fake English
dialog: accent)
dialog: Daddy took me to a little
dialog: breakfast at the Plaza,
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: The turkey who bought this
dialog: joint is coming here later
dialog: today. I want you to finish
text: the cornice work.
text: RAVEN heads toward the sand pots.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: What's he do?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: RAVEN ,
dialog: Lt The turkey...
dialog: (
speaker_heading: C - FOREMAN
dialog: Orthodontist...
speaker_heading: RAVEN.
dialog: Bhat's that?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Fixes teeth...
scene_heading: 56 INT, RAVEN'S LOFT - WAREHOUSE DISTRICT - DAY
text: RAVEN, wearing her tight painter's overalls, is again
text: on her hands and knees stripping and blanching the
text: hardwood floor. Knock on door. She's surprised.
text: Gets up and walks to the door. Unlocks, opens it.
text: JUNIOR JEAN, wearing her work clothes, stands there.
text: RAVEN is taken aback,
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: You were probably expecting
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Not really. C'mon in...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 56 (cont'd)
text: iC JEAN walks into the loft. She's impressed by it.
dialog: - Appears intimidated. There's great tension between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You want to punch me out,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RAVEN “ .
dialog: I wouldn't blame you.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I didn’t come here about
dialog: Frank. I would have come
dialog: a lot svoner...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You knew...?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: One thing about Frank.
dialog: t He's real honest...
speaker_heading: It . RAVEN
dialog: 1 What we have...It'll play
dialog: out...
dialog: (resenting herself)
dialog: I know. He's not good
dialog: '
speaker_heading: | OUNIOR JEAN
dialog: : enough for you..
dialog: |
text: \ JUNIOR JEAN pauses. Eyes the loft.
dialog: |
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I came to ask you to help
dialog: me out...IJ want to be a
dialog: dancer...
text: RAVEN taken aback. Searching moment.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Want a drink?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I'd rather have a joint.
dialog: I'm kind of nervous.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 20 Yeu ue
text: r : JUNIOR JEAN starts wandering around the loft examining
text: I it. RAVEN goes to prepare a joint.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: It's amazing what you've done
dialog: to this place since we put
dialog: the wiring in...
speaker_heading: RAVEN : .
dialog: (holds up hands)
dialog: All with these.
text: RAVEN has taken some papers from a hand-painted box
text: and is sorting out a joint at a homemade plexiglass
text: table. Signals JEAN to sit down.
speaker_heading: ' RAVEN
dialog: About Frank...1...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: i Stop. -Please...Don't get
dialog: me wrong...1 love Frankie...
dialog: ! But we've been living together
dialog: for four years...Since I'm
dialog: , . fourteen. He's getting tired
dialog: of me...I already had my .
dialog: v cry over that. And you know
dialog: an what? I'm getting tired
dialog: of me too...tired of just being
dialog: an electrician's helper...
dialog: There's got to be more to
dialog: ' me than that...
dialog: .
speaker_heading: RAVEN
text: About the dancing, Jean.
dialog: ‘ If you're doing it for
dialog: Frank, I can't help you.
dialog: Only because you'll only be
dialog: good if you do it for yourself.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: (tough)
dialog: It is for myself...It was
dialog: Frank who was nuts for
dialog: Peggy Fleming...
text: RAVEN smiles. Passes the joint.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: . (looking around)
dialog: so I'd give anything to have
dialog: my own space.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 56
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: This place means more to me
dialog: than anything. When I came
dialog: back to the neighborhood
dialog: ~~ I was about sixteen,
dialog: I guess ~~ I had no money,
dialog: no friends, no support.
dialog: I had to live out of
text: a baggage locker in
dialog: the bus depot. Wash and
dialog: change in the ladies john...
speaker_heading: OUNIOR JEAN
dialog: But you were born around
dialog: here, right?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: We moved when I was twelve.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: My Mom took me with her to
dialog: a bible school in Virginia
dialog: after my Dad left us.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Your dad left?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I don't blame him, He
dialog: waS a neat man. A saxaphone
dialog: Player. My Mom's another
dialog: story. One of those Janis
dialog: Joplin hippies who got born
dialog: again after the Sixties
dialog: didn’t work out. She got pious
dialog: and he couldn't hack it.
dialog: Went on a road trip with a
dialog: band and never came back.
dialog: Last I heard he was in
dialog: Sweden some place. I miss him
dialog: a lot...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I can't imagine you at
dialog: bible school.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Bell. I was top of the class.
dialog: A proper little virgin. That's
dialog: why I ran out on my Mom, I
dialog: think...She wouldn't let me any=
dialog: where near men..Ah, it's not as
dialog: simple as that. You know what I mean...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: 54.
dialog: (eont'd)
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I remember. You had a
dialog: boyfriend...A Greek kid?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Nicos. Did I love that guy.
dialog: After not having a Dad
dialog: around, him being the first 7
dialog: and all. He just disappeared
dialog: one day. Went to New York
dialog: to study Kendo or
dialog: something.
dialog: (laughs) - .
dialog: He took a guitar my Dad
dialog: gave me. An old Martin.
text: Worth at least $800 today.
dialog: If I ever see him I'm
dialog: going to stick one of those
text: Kendo poles up his ass.
text: LAUGHTER. They pass the joint. RAVEN stands.
dialog: Thoughtful.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Do you mind taking
dialog: your clothes off? I can't .
dialog: tell anything until
dialog: I see your body.
text: JEAN gets up and begins to peel off her clothes
text: self-consciously.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: When you're up on the
dialog: stage is there any
dialog: one thing you want
dialog: to look like. You know,
dialog: I mean, aside from yourself?
text: RAVEN smiles. Walks over to her anatomical
text: drawings of horses.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 56
dialog: 
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: That's a smart question...
dialog: I've always wanted to look
text: like a horse running.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I would have thought a Cheetah.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: No, that's Lorraine.
text: RAVEN takes JUNIOR JEAN'S hand now that she's only
text: wearing panties. Guides her to a window.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: One thing I know for sure.
text: A girl's naked body is her
dialog: best costume...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Breasts need some firming.
dialog: Put your hands behind your
dialog: neck, Flex. That's it...
dialog: No problem....You got
dialog: strong pecs...Your legs
dialog: are kind of short...We'll
dialog: fix that with the right
dialog: shoes...Something extreme...
dialog: Stilletos, maybe...
text: RAVEN slips off her overalls. She's wearing nothing
dialog: but heels.
dialog: dressed.
text: Her body is so perfect, she appears
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Now look at me. See where
dialog: these muscles show but don't
dialog: look too hard.
dialog: (flexes muscles
text: around her navel
text: and rib cage.
dialog: They ripple, a
dialog: Startling sight)
text: The secret is showing that
dialog: kind of development only
text: under certain lighting..
dialog: So it looks exciting
dialog: but not masculine.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: You're so beautiful.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: So frre you.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 56 (cont'd)
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ST
speaker_heading: —
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I'd like to keep
dialog: this a secret until I
dialog: know if I'm good enough.
dialog: At least from Frank.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Your secret's safe...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN .
dialog: Do you think 1'11] be any good?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (laughs) | . .
dialog: Na-aw...Not a chance...
text: JUNIOR JEAN staring out the window. Turns to RAVEN.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Did Frank ever tell you
dialog: why I live at Vera's house?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: No. We don't exactly
dialog: chat...0h, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN .
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I lived in the east end. He
dialog: came to our house on a job.
dialog: He was six years older =~
dialog: I mean 20!--but I was crazy
dialog: for him. He kept coming
dialog: around. We were making out.
dialog: Just making out. My parents
dialog: caught ws...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: They must have been really
dialog: pissed.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: You don't understand. My
dialog: Dad's a real violent alcoholic.
dialog: Beat me regular. He put
dialog: Frank and me in the hospital,
dialog: for three days...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Shit...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Said he never wanted to see my
dialog: face vgain...A week after I
dialog: got out of the hospital I
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: came home to make-up.
dialog: Frank waited for me at
dialog: the corner...
dialog: (chokes up)
dialog: «e«the thing that got me was
dialog: they were having a party...
dialog: Just having a great old
dialog: time! Shut the door in
dialog: my face...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don't know for sure...
dialog: But I don't think I was
dialog: my Dad's real kid...I used
dialog: to hear him say things to
dialog: my Ma.
text: RAVEN, compaetely moved, walks over to JUNIOR JEAN.
text: Embraces her. Two female figures framed by the
text: window. Break embrace, RAVEN looks into JUNIOR
text: JEAN'S eyes.
speaker_heading: " RAVEN
dialog: Well...we got a hell
dialog: of a lot of work
dialog: to do.
scene_heading: INT. LES COPAINS - UPTOWN = NIGHT
text: At a table beside a fireplace in this elegantly
text: appointed French restaurant, PAUL POTOKER, wearing
text: a pinstripe suit is dining with RAVEN. She's
text: wearing a red forties suit jacket with nothing underneath.
text: A pair of mauve leotards, purple high heels
text: and a black bolwer hat. Through the leotard it's
text: possible to see a pair of black French silk
text: panties. Hostile glances from conservative matrons
dialog: are directed towards PAUL'S table. Disapproval
text: of RAVEN'S dress and general deportment. RAVEN is
text: playing with some brocolli with her fork.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Do I eat these little trees?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If you want. It's brocolli.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Oh, right...1 think I'll
dialog: have another Jellybean.
text: PAUL summons the WAITER.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: $7 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: When did you start having
dialog: these fantasies about
dialog: looking different?
speaker_heading: : RAVEN
dialog: When I was in third grade.
speaker_heading: PAUL ,
dialog: When was that?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Uh...1970.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (choking on
dialog: his Jellybean)
dialog: 1970!
speaker_heading: “RAVEN
dialog: Right. I used to
dialog: daydream that in assembly,
dialog: I'd wear a black leather
dialog: outfit and ride a big Harley
text: into the auditorium.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Third grade? Where would
dialog: you get fantasies like that
dialog: in third grade?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
text: From watching reruns of
text: "The Monkees" on TV. Vera
dialog: and Howard were the first
dialog: people I met who understoo?
dialog: all that. They loved my
dialog: ideas. I guess they were the
dialog: first people to take me
dialog: seriously. I love them for
dialog: that. I really love those
dialog: QGuyS.6. .
text: PAUL responds to the stares. Uncomfortable.
dialog: wt
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why did 1 bring you here?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: "Cause I wanted to see
dialog: what it was like. Forget
dialog: them. We're getting high...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 57
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (tipsy)
dialog: Look at them...
dialog: Silly bourgois, cows.
dialog: Fuck ‘em.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You fuck ‘en.
text: The WAITER arrives.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Look, Camillo. We want tw
dialog: more Jellybeans but you're
dialog: not getting it right. One
dialog: ounce of Vodka, one ounce
dialog: of Kahlua, one ounce of banana
dialog: ligquer. Then really blended
dialog: Btrongly together -*“th
text: cream and crushed ice. It
dialog: Should be like a milkshake.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Like a milkshake. Yes, sir.
text: WAITER walks wearily away.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: What's wrong with this place?
dialog: They've never heard of Kammakazies,
dialog: Jellybeans? I can't believe
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Howard and Vera are right to
dialog: take you seriously. You're
dialog: very talented. There's no
dialog: one like you, Raven. But
dialog: I don't understand something.
dialog: Where's the dream? To get
dialog: out there, go to the big
dialog: city. To make it...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I got a dream...Who
dialog: says I have to go anywhere
dialog: with it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: But every dancer has to
dialog: study, learn technique ..
speaker_heading: CONTIIMED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 87 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I got my own technique.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So what do you want then?
text: The WAITER arrives with the Jellybeans, Leaves.
text: RAVEN gulps a large part of hers down.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: MM-mmm-mmm,...Much better.
dialog: (pause) - .
dialog: What do I want? You
dialog: mean fantasies?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dreams...whatever...
speaker_heading: RAVEN ’
dialog: I always wanted to be driven
text: around in a big limo like a
dialog: rock star.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Go to a party ona
dialog: Lear Jet.
text: PAUL laughs out loud. More unpleasant glances.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I don't like this place.
dialog: These people are
dialog: from Mars!
text: RAVEN downs most of her Jellybean.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They think you're from
dialog: Mars. Let's get out
dialog: of here.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Where's the ladies?
text: PAUL points to a corner door. RAVEN is stared at
text: as she strides to the bathroom PAUL summons the
dialog: check, He wonders what it is he's doing. People
text: keep staring his way. Discomfort.
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - LES COPAINS - UPTOWN = DAY
text: CLOSE on RAVEN'S hand dropping her underwear into
text: her big, pink tote bag. Walks out of the toilet
text: area into the powder room section. Throws her bag
text: on the counter. Fishes into it. finds a pair
text: of mirror contact lenses. A fastidious WOMAN in
text: her forties is washing her hands next to RAVEN.
text: She looks in the mirror and realizes she can see
text: RAVEN'S pubic hair beneath the leotards. Her mouth
text: drops as she watches RAVEN pop in mirror contact
text: lenses. She looks like a space creature. The
text: WOMAN hurries out.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (to mirror)
dialog: The Empire Strikes Back!
scene_heading: INT. LES COPAINS - UPTOWN = DAY
text: The entire restaurant double-takes at the exotic sight
text: of RAVEN moving toward PAUL'S table.
speaker_heading: PAUL .
dialog: Jes-us Christ!
text: He needs to get her out of there. Takes her arm and
text: rushes toward the exit. As he approaches the door
text: he bumps into FRED, his squash partner.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Paul...How are you?
text: FRED sees RAVEN. Nods. Tries to be nonchalant.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hello, Fred...Just leaving...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (giving Raven
dialog: the once over)
dialog: How about some squash next
dialog: week?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's right...Fred...
dialog: Call me next week, will
dialog: you?
text: RAVEN and PAUL exit hurridly.
dialog: 
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
scene_heading: EXT. UPTOWN STREETS - NIGHT
text: PAUL'S Porsche stops at a light. PAUL can't stop
text: laughing at RAVEN and the situation. A dark sedan
text: pulls up beside the Porsche. Inside, a CONSERVATIVE
text: COUPLE, gawk. RAVEN turns, opens her jacket,
text: exposes her breasts to the couple and stares solemnly
text: back behind her mirrored-contact lenses. Mouths
text: drop. Porsche speeds on.
scene_heading: INT. RAVEN'S LOFT - WAREHOUSE DISTRICT = NIGHT
text: C/U of an electric blender making Jellybeans. Pull
text: back to see RAVEN pouring the drinks. PAUL checking
text: out the loft in the background. Both happily drunk.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You did all this yourself?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I've had to make over $650
dialog: a week for over a year to get
dialog: it like this.
text: Brings him his drink. Gulps hers.
speaker_heading: RAVEN .
dialog: If you think I'm getting high...
dialog: well,..I am..If you think you can
dialog: take advantage of me. Forget it. I
dialog: can drink any guy under the table.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (woozy)
dialog: I believe it...
text: RAVEN takes him by the hand and walks him to the back
text: of the loft. Behind a Chinese screen is a factory
text: garment rack, with striking high-fashions; costume
dialog: after costume.
speaker_heading: RAVEN .
dialog: Vera made all these. Aren't
dialog: they sensational? Howard
dialog: and her are going to open
text: up a shop.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: «Not exactly Lord &
dialog: Taylor's is it?
text: RAVEN grabs one of the more revealing costumes. Throws
text: off her jacket. She's just wearing her bowler hat with
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: NSS
dialog: re
dialog: €1
dialog: (cont'd)
text: feather, purple leotards and purple pumps. She
text: catches his eye on her breasts as she heads toward
text: the Chinese screen. Shakes her head disapprovingly.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: What is it with you
dialog: guys?” You think in
dialog: your pants.
text: RAVEN stops behind the screen.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: With you around, who could
dialog: help it? .
speaker_heading: RAVEN (0.8.)
dialog: Let me be natural, okay?
dialog: Like I'm with my friends.
dialog: I don't want to have to
dialog: worry that you're going
dialog: to jump on my bones...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I'm not a jumper...
text: PAUL walks over to wall and looks at the various
text: magazine illustrations of goddess-like women.
speaker_heading: PUAL
dialog: It's a compliment.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm not trying to tease
dialog: or anything. J hate that.
dialog: 1 think it's a corny way
dialog: to dance and a corny way
dialog: to be....Whoops...
dialog: (giggles)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: RAVEN (0.5.)
dialog: Put it on backwards!
dialog: (giggles)
text: Moments pass. Finally RAVEN steps from behind
dialog: the screen,
text: She looks great. Striking a sophisticated
text: pose, she imitates moves seen previously at the
text: CONSERVATORY. A pirouette turns into a tour jeté.
text: She spins toward him across the hardwood floor.
text: His eyes focus on every movement,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: (cont'd)
text: the precise way she uses her body. obsessively,
text: he perceives her graceful approach.
text: as she twirls toward him, he sees his
dialog: For a flash,
dialog: wife ELAINE,
text: much younger. RAVEN dances past, almost touching
text: him, He's shaken. A desire both confused and
text: excited by his memory's image of ELAINE.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Isn't it something else?
text: PAUL puts his drink down. Half smiles. Nods his
dialog: head. 2 «
speaker_heading: PAUL .
dialog: I have to get home before
dialog: I pass out...
scene_heading: INT. JUNIOR JEAN'S ROOM - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD =- DAY
text: JEAN has cleared away the Peggy Fleming poster.
text: Taped up in its place are paintings of voluptous
text: she-creatures, pages ripped from an inexpensive
dialog: art book series: "The Fantastic Art of Frank
text: Frazetta." CAMERA PANS the paintings, various
text: costume details have been circled and numbered with a
dialog: magic marker.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: (v.o. paintings)
dialog: "The Frazetta female is
dialog: small of stature but
dialog: lush...She is a sorceress,
text: a child, a woman; she is
dialog: erotic, powerful, improbable,
dialog: lovely and very much alive."
text: We see VERA, reading from an art book introduction,
text: standing with JUNIOR JEAN. Closes the book.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I've stolen ideas before,’
dialog: this is ridiculous...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: but
text: I look dumb in high-fashion.
dialog: I'm too short.
speaker_heading: VERA .
dialog: What are you calling this
dialog: look? Heavy metal?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: te
dialog: 
dialog: (cont'd )
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Nordic space goddess.
text: They walk over to the paintings to examine them
text: further, VERA looks closely at a scantily~clad
text: girl wearing wings.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Wings are a good idea...
dialog: the feathers will soften the
dialog: look...I'm supposed to
dialog: hide all this from °
dialog: Frank?
text: JUNIOR JEAN nods.
scene_heading: INT. MAUDE FRIZ°N = SHOE SHOP = UPTOWN = DAY
dialog: PAUL has just bought six pairs of expensive
text: French high heels. As the SALESLADY packs them in
text: boxes, PAUL is holding one up, admiring it closely.
text: Hands it to SALESLADY reluctantly. She packs it.
speaker_heading: SALESLADY
dialog: That will be $923.50, sir.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (handing card)
dialog: I assume you take
dialog: American Express.
speaker_heading: SALESLADY
dialog: Your wife will just adore
dialog: these shoes...
text: PAUL smiles sheepishly.
scene_heading: INT, COSTUME HOUSE - WAREHOUSE DISTRICT = DAY
text: CAMERA TRACKS down row upon row of theatrical costumes
text: in this vast space. HOLDS on one row. VERA, using
text: a polorid camera is taking shots of various items
dialog: that resemble those items circled in the previously
text: seen paintings. VERA gestures to JUNIOR JEAN.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: (snapping item)
dialog: Turn it over.
text: SUNIOR JEAN turns the item over. VERA snaps it. At
text: a distance VERA sees fake-Roman breastplate and war
dialog: helmets.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Look...Over there,
text: They both hurridly walk over to the armour section.
text: VERA puts her camera in a huge canvas bag she's
text: carrying. Grabs a helmet that looks very much like
text: the one seen in the paintings and starts stuffing
text: it in her bag. .
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: You out of your head? *
text: VERA and JUNIOR JEAN walk boldly down the aisle into
text: the reception area and past a clerk in his fifties.
text: TINA TECH is flirting with the clerk.
speaker_heading: 2eJA TECH
dialog: Thanks again, Billy.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Anytime, Tina. Bye Vera.
scene_heading: INT. RAVEN'S LOFT ~ WAREHOUSE DISTRICT - DAY
text: RAVEN, wearing her painter's overalls, is sitting at
text: her plexiglas table. On the table are the six pairs
text: of Maude Frizon shoes from PAUL. Between her feet
text: is a piece of newspaper with various cans of spray
text: paint, bottles of nail polish. She's painting a
text: realistic girl's foot on the outside of one shoe.
dialog: The second shoe, completed, below explains: The shoe
text: appears like an illustrated, naked foot, toenails,
text: polished bright red. FRANK enters frame. Paces.
text: He's dressed to leave.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: C'mon...It's not the
dialog: end of the world.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: But what's changed?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I don't feel right
dialog: anymore...It's doing a
dialog: game on me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Who are you, Raven?
dialog: What's going on in
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ‘4
dialog: 65
dialog: €6
dialog: 67
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I never made no promises.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No. You definitely
dialog: did not. Fuck!
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Don't you love the
dialog: Junior Jean?
speaker_heading: FRANK; .
dialog: I guess...but.,.that's not...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I think you're lucky
dialog: to have a girl like
dialog: Junicr Jean, Frankie.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (emoticnal)
dialog: I gotta go...
text: Walks out of frame.
scene_heading: INT, JUNIOR JEAN'S ROOM ~- MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD ~ NIGHT
text: SUNIOR JEAN is drilling a series of holes over the
text: eye-slit in the stolen war helmet. She screws on
text: a pink, plastic visor that covers the eye-slit.
text: A soldering iron is plugged in and on a nearby chair.
text: She's made an opening at the back of the helmet.
text: Inside are a series of electrical wires and gadgets.
text: She solders one last wire in place. Turns off the
text: soldering iron. Blows on the connection to
text: cool it. waves the helmet to cool it further. It's
text: finished. Turns the face of the helmet
text: toward her. Turns on a switch at the back. A light
text: beam flashes across the pink visor -- A "Star Wars”
text: affect. JUNIOR JEAN is triumphant. Hears FRANK
text: climbing stairs. Puts helmet away. Rushes to close
text: @oor. FRANK angry, walks past her to his door.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Hi...
text: FRANK mutters. Slams door.
scene_heading: INT. OLITSKI'S GYM - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: RAVEN, wearing her warm-up costume, and JUNIOR JEAN,
text: wearing hers, are working out together. JUNIOR JEAN
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: _—
dialog: (
dialog: 4
dialog: <,
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: (cont'd)
text: carefully listening to RAVEN'S advice, as various
text: body builders pump up in the background. The
text: two girls are in front of wall mirrors. MUSIC from
dialog: cassette player.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Remember,..Hot poses .
dialog: that move...
text: RAVEN shoots out one hand, arches her back, throws
text: out a hip, then flexes a calf. Moves her fingers
dialog: gracefully. . °
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: The moves should answer each
dialog: other. See my fingers moving?
dialog: Then look at the calf. It
dialog: answers my fingers. Try it...
text: JUNIOR JEAN strikes a similar pose. Starts to dance.
text: RAVEN studies her. Stops her at one point, corrects a particular
text: step. TONY, the instructor-owner, stands by a wall, Looks on approvingly.
scene_heading: INT. MODERN MODES FACTORY ANNEX = WAREHOUSE DISTRICT = ‘
speaker_heading: NIGHT .
text: Alone at night in this vast sewing factory, VERA is
text: Surrounded by huge, white and silver feathers.
text: Under the only lamp that's on in the factory, VERA
text: has pinned her schematic for the wing-costume.
text: Wearily she sews on into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. UPTOWN SHOP - BOUTIQUE DISTRICT = DAY
text: LORRAINE continues to paint the building. It's
text: beginning to take on a sprightly new life. NADIA
text: and SOLITARY are on the roof tarring down new shingles
text: JUNIOR JEAN is putting wire through a window and
text: securing it with a staple gun. A haggard VERA
text: pulls up in the bakery truck. Gets ovt. Brings in
text: cans of paint.
scene_heading: INT. DPTOWN SHOP - BOUTIQUE DISTRICT = DAY
text: VERA enters. HOWARD is examining his sketch book
text: against some newly made shelves. TINA TECH is cutting
text: lumber on a stationary power saw. FRANK is drilling
text: holes in a baseboard where he's installing an
text: electrical device. Attaches the wire that leads to
text: JUNIOR JEAN. Something's wrong.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: <
dialog: Je
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (yells to Jean)
dialog: I told you we should
dialog: have used number four
dialog: wire!
text: SEAN makes a face in the window. Enters building.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I can't make ur my mind...
dialog: Where's Raven? I need
dialog: Raven.
speaker_heading: FRANK a .
dialog: She went over to that
dialog: asshole school.
text: JEAN walks up to VERA takes an envelope out of her
text: pocket and gives it to her.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: My room money.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: (shakes her
dialog: head)
dialog: Have you discussed this with...
dialog: {looks at
dialog: Frank) -
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I don't have to...It's
dialog: my business.
text: JEAN walks away. VERA pockets envelope.
scene_heading: INT. CONSERVATORY OF CONTEMPORARY DANCE - DAY
text: RAVEN, wearing paint-splattered work clother, is
text: standing beside the open doorway to a rehearsal hall.
text: The same severe INSTRUCTOR is putting the Junior class
text: through it's paces to the MUSIC of another modern
text: @ance. The ADMISSIONS DIRECTOR is walking hurridly
text: down the hall. Notices RAVEN in her overalls.
scene_heading: ADMISSIONS DIRECTOR
dialog: I thought they finished painting
dialog: the third floor?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 71 = (cont'd)
speaker_heading: - RAVEN
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Uh...not yet...
text: ADMISSIONS DIRECTOR shakes her head and walks off.
text: RAVEN continues to watch the cultivated dancers.
text: Before long she can't help furtively imitating some
text: finger and hand stretches. One pretty young dancer -
text: leaps in front of the doorway and catches her doing
text: a little half-step in her Kodiak boots. The DANCER
text: laughs. RAVEN totally embarrassed, The DANCER is very
text: cheerful. Continves to stretch to the MUSIC, but talks
dialog: to RAVEN, . .
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: That wasn't bad...You
dialog: a dancer?
speaker_heading: D*VEN
dialog: (mortified)
dialog: Oh,no. I'ma sandblaster.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: (makes face as
dialog: she stretches)
dialog: A what? .
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (stutters)
dialog: Painter...I paint houses...
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (still embarrassed)
dialog: Yeah...the pay's good..
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: (stretch, step)
dialog: I'm Glynnis. What's
dialog: your name? .
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: Raven...
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: What a great name!
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Hey, Stephanie...
text: Another dancer, dances over, smiles at RAVEN.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Catch this funky
dialog: entrechat....5how
dialog: her, Raven....
text: RAVEN, thinking they're laughing at her, rushes, upset
text: toward the door.
speaker_heading: STEPHANIE
dialog: (stretch)
dialog: What's wrong with her?
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: (step)
dialog: I don't know..She was good...
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: As the platforms ascend, TINA TECH is the dancer
text: performing alone this time. She is wearing her Hi-
text: Tech extension cord outfit previously seen in the
text: dressing room. The goldfish swimming in the heels
text: of her plexiglas high heels are slapping frantically
text: around as she moves electrically to the music. She's
text: holding a plexiglas dagger that keeps changing color
text: in the light. She places the dagger blade under the
text: extension cord as if she were trying to free herself
text: from the clutches of a snake. At one point the cords
text: appears to be cut in half. She grabs the cords and
text: twirls out ef the snake's clutches in one long
text: balletic move. CAMERA travels back revealing the
text: audience regulars and HOLDS on one table. At the
text: table PAUL, RAVEN, and HOWARD, sipping Jellybeans,
text: watch TINA'S performance. VERA, FRANK and JUNIOR JEAN
text: watch from the next fable. FRANK stares resentfully
text: at PAUL, from time to time. RAMOS, near the door
text: leading to the dressing room stairs, waves to get
text: RAVEN'S attention. He's standing with ANGELENE,
text: a very shapely blonde in her early twenties. RAVEN
text: walks over to them as TINA'S performance continues.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: This is Angelene. She's
dialog: going to be trying-out
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: ANGELENE
dialog: (Texas drawl)
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I hear you strip for Jesus?
speaker_heading: ANGELENE
dialog: It's the way I pass His
dialog: Word.
dialog: (holds up a gold
dialog: cross that’s around
dialog: her neck)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: We don't think of ourselves
dialog: as strippers here. We!re
dialog: dancer's.... ~
text: SOLITARY approaches from the dressing room stairs.
speaker_heading: ANGELENE
dialog: I never take off my bottoms.
dialog: There I draw the line.
dialog: There's no damn reason in the
dialog: world why perfect strancers
dialog: should get to see my sacred
dialog: reproductive organs.
speaker_heading: RAVEN ’
dialog: Right. Well, good luck Angelene..
dialog: You'll be taking my spot
dialog: tonight...
speaker_heading: ANGELENE
dialog: Thanks heaps...
text: RAMOS and ANGELENE exit toward the dressing room stairs.
speaker_heading: SOLITARY
dialog: She wears garter belts. Yechhh!
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Give her a chance.
text: TINA'S performance continues in the background.
scene_heading: EXT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL - MARKET DISTRICT ~ NIGHT
text: The perviously seen FIRST BIKER is standing in the
text: shadows beside the door of the bar smoking a joint
text: while the SECOND BIKER is picking the back lock of
text: HOWARD'S delivery truck. Gets the door open. Grabs
text: a@ full box of pastries. Gestures to FIRST BIKER.
text: They both rush for the dark alley beside the bar.
text: Sit hidden behind the garbage pails. They have a
text: partial view of the truck and bar front. PAUL'S Persche
text: is parked behind the truck.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: SECOND BIKER
dialog: Man, have I got the munchies.
text: The BIKERS pull back into the shadows as a Volkswagon
text: convertible pulls up behind the Porsche. JILL POTOKER
text: Steps out of her FRIEND'S car. Her friend, LYNN, was
text: previously seen in the arena during the skating re~
text: gionals, OILL walks back to the car. The unseen BIKERS
text: bite voraciously into pastries and leer at the
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: It's my father's car alright...
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: What's he doing here?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: If 1 don’t find out T'1l
dialog: die...
text: LYNN steps out of car. They head toward the
text: HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL; pick up pace when they hear
text: sudgeStive whistles from the darkness of the alley.
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GIRLL - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: TINA TECH finishes her routine and is carried up into
text: the dressing room to applause and cheers. RAVEN is
text: Btanding at the next table, bending over VERA chatting
dialog: about ANGELENE. .
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Wasn't that marvelous?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Tina's got more balls than
dialog: the Pittsburg Steelers.
text: They return to their drinks. Pause.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How did you do at Les Copains,
dialog: Howard?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Turns ovt they don't take
dialog: freelance desserts...Got their
dialog: own pastry chef...He tasted my
dialog: work, though. Wanted to know
dialog: the secret inredient. I don't
dialog: tell nobody my secret ingredient...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: r em Vee we
speaker_heading: . PAUL
dialog: - Sorry it didn't work out.
speaker_heading: C- HOWARD
dialog: ' Thanks for making the eall.
dialog: I know you're very busy.
scene_heading: 75 INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: JILL and LYNN approach the interior door of the showbar.
text: ( JILL presses against the wall. LYNN stands at the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: JILL. : .
dialog: Is he there?
dialog: 4
text: c LYNN searches the room. A WAITRESS passes with a tray
text: of beer. LYNN admires her outfit.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Look at that super dress!
speaker_heading: c JILL
dialog: Is he there?
speaker_heading: ‘ LYNN
dialog: I don't think so...Yes!...
dialog: There he is!
text: wy JILL chances a look. She sees RAVEN walk back to her
text: father's table, touch his hair affectionately and
dialog: f sit down,
speaker_heading: i LYNN
dialog: '¢ Let's get out of here...
speaker_heading: | SILL
dialog: (staring at
dialog: i Raven)
dialog: I know that girl, She was
dialog: at the regionals. Remember?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You're right!
speaker_heading: JILL
text: He couldn't keep his eyes off
dialog: . her.
text: The WAITRESS appraoches the girls at the door.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You want a table girls?
dialog: 
text: LYNN locks at JILL nervously.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 76
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Do you have ID's?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (bitchy)
dialog: We're as old as you are.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I don't want to go in anyway.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (points to Raven)
dialog: Do you know that girl?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Raven? She's not dancing
dialog: tonight.
text: JILL and LYNN turn to leave.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Next time you girls come
dialog: slumming, bring some fake
dialog: ID's.
text: JILL and LYNN head for the exit. JILL stops. Gestures
dialog: her friend to go ahead. . ‘
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'll be out in a minute.
text: JILL heads back to the showbar. Riding behind a
text: corner, she stares voyeristically at RAVEN and her
text: FATHER. Her eyes move from RAVEN to her FATHER and
text: back again. Transfixed. Reluctantly she leaves.
scene_heading: EXT, HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL ~ NIGHT
text: JILL and LYNN rush back to the car.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Bow wierd?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Tacky!
text: As they jump into the convertible, the two BIKERS step
text: out of the alleyway.
speaker_heading: SECOND BIKER
dialog: Hey girls? Wanna toke?
text: A frightened LYNN starts up the car and takes off.
text: The two BIXERS run after the car trying to grab a
text: door handle. the BIKERS laugh, jeer, @6 the car speeds
dialog: away,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: st
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 73
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL - NIGHT
text: The lights dim, signaling a new show, RAVEN and
text: PAUL drink their Jellybeans as the strains of gospel
text: music buld. The platforms descend. At the center,
text: holding a Bible, is ANGELENE. She's wearing a
text: multi-colored skirt, G-string, bra, cowboy jacket and
text: hat. The outfit is covered in micro-dot lights that
text: flash images of angels with halos and Christian symbols.
text: She's also wearing painted cowboy boots with a black
text: garter belt. As the podiums ascend, TINA, NADIA,
text: LORRAINE, and SOLITARY dance satirically to what they
text: consider dumb music. AS ANGELENE: strips, she bends
text: down to touch her cowboy boots revealing a G-string
text: the shape of a cross. With her rear pointing to the
text: audience, she flashes a view of the cruscifixition in
dialog: micro~dots.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Obscene! *
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Praise the Lord!
text: RAVEN shakes her head in dismay. She and PAUL watch in
text: disbelief. After awhile they look at each other and
dialog: can't stop laughing.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Let's get out of here...
scene_heading: EXT. CITY AIRPORT - DOCKING AREA ~ NIGHT
text: CAMERA TRACKS past various small planes and hangars.
text: We see PAUL'S Porsche perked beside a LEAR JET.
text: The jet’s interior lights are on. Door open. Sound
text: of laughter.
scene_heading: INT. LEAR JET ~- CITY AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: RAVEN is at the controls of the jet. PAUL is in the
text: luxurious main cabin opening a bottle of expensive .
text: champagne. He fills two glasses and staggers, tipsily,
text: toward RAVEN, who is wearing the same outfit she wore
text: at Les Copains. RAVEN is pushing buttons and speaking
text: into a mike.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You can beam me up, Scotty...
text: RAVEN sees a key. Turns it. A high whining sound. ~
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 79
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: PADL
dialog: What are you doing?
text: PAUL rushes over, spilling champagne. He almost trips
text: as he turns the key off. She laughs and sways into
text: the cabin area. PAUL, smiling, walks back toward her,
text: She fills up his half-empty glass.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Crazy kid. You're going
dialog: to be the death of me.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm going to be the life .
dialog: of you.
dialog: THEY toast each other.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: To the Jife of you.
dialog: Down the champagne.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Isn't this just fabulous?
speaker_heading: PAUL .
dialog: You're fabulous...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Your friend must be really
dialog: rich to own a Lear Jet.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: His company leases it...
text: RAVEN notices an elaborate tape, sound system.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Look at that fan-tastic sound
dialog: system...
dialog: (plays with the
dialog: knobs, turns it
dialog: on)
dialog: Not too shabby..I'm going
dialog: to try my new music.
text: RAVEN fishes in her pink tote bag. Puts on her new
text: show tape. MUSIC starts slowly, almost melodic. PAUL
text: sits in a swivel chair as RAVEN begins her impromptu
text: dance. As the MUSIC builds she moves with an implicit
text: grace, immediatly creating a theatrical atmosphere.
text: She throws off her bowler hat. Snaps off her forties
text: , jacket revealing her breasts. She's also wearing long,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 79
dialog: 50
dialog: 81
dialog: (cont'd)
text: black silk gloves with the fingers cut off. Fingernail
text: polish sparkles in the light. She's wearing no under-
text: wear beneath the mauve leotards. MUSIC shifts its
text: momentum to hard rock. RAVEN turns the volume up
text: full blast. The music is deafening. She dances
text: out the door of the jet. PAUL, broken from his
text: reverie, follows her.
scene_heading: EXT. LEAR JET - DOCKING AREA ~ CITY AIRPORT = NIGHT
text: RAVEN is now rocking topless and in extremely high
text: heels on the wing of the LEAR JET. From the tarmack,
text: PAUL stares at this creature abandoning herself to the
dialog: music.
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY HANGAR - CITY AIRPORT + NIGHT
text: A black S®CURITY GUARD in his sixties turns his head
text: toward the sound of the music as do THREE JANITORS
text: who are cleaning up. One JANITOR recognizes where the
text: music iS coming from. Turns to SECURITY GUARD.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: It's from dock area 21!
text: The SECURITY GUARD presses button 21 of a lighting
text: switchboard mounted on the hangar wall. The LEAR JET
text: is hit by a spotlight. The JANITORS and SECURITY
text: GUARD are amazed at the sight of a girl dancing wildly
text: on the wing of the plane. They move toward the plane
text: in a rush. A MAN driving a fork lift loading vehicle
text: also catches the sight, as does an AIRPLANE MECHANIC
text: carrying a large wrench in his hand, dressed in greasy
text: overalls. They all move toward the plane providing an
text: audience suspending disbelief. The group circles the
text: front of the piane. RAVEN ignores them and pushes her
text: extreme dance even further, moving up to the roof of
scene_heading: the jet. PAUL, the FORK LIFT OPERATOR, AIRPLANE
scene_heading: MECHANIC, SECURITY GUARD and THREE JANITORS gradually
dialog: get into the spirit of the music, moving their own
text: bodies to the beat. They love it. A 747 JUMBO JET is
text: starting to taxi down the nearby take off strip.
text: The huge jet passes RAVEN in the spotlight on the smaller
text: Plane. CAMERA PANS past the long line of portholes on
text: the 747 as it passes RAVEN. FACES pressed to the windows
text: of the 747 show a whole range of emotions as they stare
text: u down at the girl and her avdience. The 747
text: passes by, speeds toward takeoff. The MUSIC moves to
text: another mood and RAVEN dances down the wing to the
text: entrance steps and into the jet. PAUL, obsessed,
text: rushes after her and slams the door. Looks of dis-
text: appcintment on the faces of the new audience.
dialog: 
dialog: B2
scene_heading: INT. LEAR JET ~ DOCKING AREA - CITY AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: RAVEN poses to the last beats of the music. Her body
text: is running with perspiration. Her last theatrical
text: gesture is to place her hand between her legs as her
text: head shoots upward. PAUL moves slowly toward her.
text: Places his hands on her fa¢e, Tenderly touches her
text: features. Moves his hands down her neck slowly,
text: falls to his knees, moves down, across her breasts,
text: even more slowly down toward her navel. He's
text: trembling. Begins to pull down the leotards slowly.
text: RAVEN opens her eyes. Looks down at PAUL. A moment
text: of indecision. Finally reaches down and holds his hand.
speaker_heading: RAVEN ” .
dialog: Paul...don't...
text: PAUL pulls RAVEN to her knees. Kisses her roughly
text: on the mouth. She reponds. They roll together on
text: the floor. Frantic passion. Finally RAVEN wrestles
text: free. Both are breathing heavily, quickly. Both on
text: their knees a few feet away from each other.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I...can't...I'm scared...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (shaking)
dialog: Goddamn it! I'm not
dialog: sixteen. I'm 3B-years
dialog: old!
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm sorry.-.J...
text: PAUL stands. Angry despite himself. RAVEN hit by
text: emotion is still on her knees. For the first time
text: we see her losing control over him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Get up for Christ's sake!
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (quavering;
dialog: no confidence)
dialog: Do you want me, Paul?
text: PAUL turns. His face full of yearning. RAVEN stands.
text: Suddenly angry.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (finger pounding
dialog: her chest)
dialog: But-do~you-want-mel
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: ! B4
dialog: (cont'd) .
text: RAVEN hurls herself at PAUL. Her fists pummeling him,
text: He's 50 surprised by her attack that he bounces off
text: a wall and falls to the floor. Furious she straddles
text: him and pushes his face between her legs.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Is that what you want?
dialog: Is that itl? °
text: RAVEN bursts into tears. Gets up. Grabs her things.
text: Rushes out of the plane, PAUL, stunned, remorseful.
dialog: .
dialog: PAUL ~ . .
dialog: Raven! I'm sorry...
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKING AREA = CITY AIRPORT = NIGHT
text: RAVEN runs, weeping, across the tarmack. PAUL in
text: pursuit. The SECURITY GUARD and JANITORS look on,
text: heads shaking. PAUL almost has to tackle her. Embraces
text: her. She holds on for dear life.
scene_heading: INT. POTOKER HOUSE = UPTOWN = NIGHT
text: The modern Potoker house might be from the pages of
dialog: Architectural Forum -- poured concrete and glass in
dialog: a neighborhood still known for the traditional
text: residences of old money. ELAINE and JILL are finishing
text: dinner. PAUL is noticeably absent.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: He knew the committee was going
dialog: to announce the division
dialog: list today. I think he's
dialog: a pig!
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: You were a shoe in...
dialog: Your father knew that.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh, Mommy. Don’t make
dialog: excuses for him. Don't
dialog: you ever wonder where he is?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: He works late, He's busy...
text: SILL shakes her head in disgust. ELAINE notices it.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: What doer that mean?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 84 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: r JILL
dialog: Did you ever think he
dialog: might be out with other
dialog: women?
text: ELAINE plays with her food, puts fork down, sips glass
dialog: of wine.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I'm sure your father...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: ..-fucks around.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Alright, Jill. If you've
dialog: , got something to tell
dialog: me, let's hear it...
dialog: »
speaker_heading: OILL
dialog: Lynn said she saw him hanging
text: out in a creepy bar downtown,
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: JILL .
dialog: Remember those wild girls
dialog: who were dancing by the
dialog: boards at the regionals?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: They were outrageous...
dialog: 
dialog: Lynn said he was with one
dialog: of them. She's some kind
dialog: » of dancer.
speaker_heading: JILL
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: They're just kids...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Jailbait...
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: oael'm
dialog: sure he had his reasons for
dialog: béing there...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: r Don't be stupid, mother...
speaker_heading: ‘ ® CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: ye
speaker_heading: 84 (cont’d)
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Anyway, I think you're a
dialog: genuine shit for gossiping
dialog: about him like that.
text: Defensive moment as they quietly go back to meal.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Back when you danced with
dialog: Martha Graham in New York...
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Did you ever dance for
dialog: Daddy....alone.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You know...
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Don*t be ridiculous.
text: JILL sees her embarrassment. Realizes she did dance
dialog: for him alone.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: Ooooh, Mommy. How gross!
text: ELAINE laughs at her own embarrassment.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: There was nothing gross
dialog: about it. He could make
dialog: me do anything.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You mean you don't do it
dialog: anymore?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Things like that change
dialog: when you've been together
dialog: a long time.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Why do they?
speaker_heading: CONTINVED
dialog: 
dialog: 4
dialog: Bs
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Well, you came along...
dialog: Somehow when you're a
dialog: mother, you get promoted
dialog: to a position above...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Sex?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: No. Not sex. Passion.
speaker_heading: SILL
dialog: Some promotion,
text: ELAINE finishes her wine. Silence between them.
scene_heading: INT. THE POTOKER BEDROOM ~ UPTOWN = NIGHT
text: ELAINE, @ressed for bed, is pacing the bedroom she
text: shares with PAUL. Decides to phone. Diais.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S OFFICE = UPTOWN - NIGHT
text: CAMERA PANS the dark sumptuous office of PAUL POTOKER
text: past photographs of a younger ELAINE dancing on the
text: professional stage, and JILL in figure skating costume.
text: HOLDS on desk telephone. RINGS. No one is there.
scene_heading: EXT. UPTOWN SHOP + BOUTIQUE DISTRICT - DAY
text: The shop is very close to being completed: a bright
text: stylish metamorphosis. LORRAINE is painting the trim.
text: FRANK is up by the chimney checking electrical terminals.
text: In front of the building, TINA TECH and SOLITARY are
text: hand-lettering a sign that reads “TWO TO TANGO",
text: RAVEN and JUNIOR JEAN are standing discussing the sign.
speaker_heading: RAVEN .
dialog: Did Howard fix that blue?
speaker_heading: SOLITARY
dialog: That's what Vera says.
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: There's not enough yellow
dialog: in it..
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I think it’s pretty.
text: FRANK looks down from roof.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 87
dialog: e
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey, Jean. Throw that coil.
dialog: up will you?
text: JEAN moves for it. RAVEN gets to it first. Throws it
text: up quickly It catches Frank in the crotch. JEAN
text: and RAVEN giggle. FRANK ignores them. RAVEN puts
text: her arm around JEAN. Feels the pressure of her biceps,
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: What an improvement?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN °
text: Compliments of Olitski's gym.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm proud of you. You've
dialog: really worked your ass off.
scene_heading: EXT. UPTOWN SHOP = BOUTIQUE DISTRICT - DAY
text: BR long black limousine pulls up in front of the shop.
text: A uniformed driver gets out, approaches. Everyone turns
text: around. VERA wanders out the front door, wiping her
text: hands on a towel. NADIA follows. .
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Is there a Miss Raven here?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm Raven...
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: How do you do?
dialog: (shakes her
dialog: hand)
dialog: George from Metropolitan
dialog: Livery. The car's been hired
dialog: on your behalf, for the day...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (dismay)
dialog: You putting me on?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Not at all. Limousine ser~
dialog: vice for the day.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (laughs; delighted)
dialog: Pavl, you're looney tunes...!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Bs
speaker_heading: B89
dialog: go
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: SOLITARY
dialog: La~de~dah
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Ain't that just great!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: {from roof)
dialog: Pure unadulterated bull-shit!
text: The girls start fighting about who's going to ride in
dialog: it first.
speaker_heading: VERA
text: Relax girls. Joy rides later...
dialog: Me and Raven got to get over
dialog: to Howards...
text: As DRIVER opens door for RAVEN a..d VERA, the otire+
text: girls bow and curtsy.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: {opening
dialog: back window)
dialog: Keep hustling. We're
dialog: opening in a week!
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - UPTOWN STREETS = DAY
text: RAVEN and VERA in the back seat of the limo.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: This is the life...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Yaybe the shop'll make
dialog: you famous, Vera.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Our money's 80 tight
dialog: we could be bankrupt in
dialog: two months.
text: RAVEN opens a@ cabinet door in front of her. It's
text: a stocked bar.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Check this?
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE = UPTOWN STREETS ~ DAY
text: RAVEN and VERA are drinking. The car slowly passes
text: an expensive boutique. In the window, on display
text: is an exquisite white satin and lace dress. It might
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: (cont'd)
text: almost be a short, period wedding dress. Displayed heside
text: it are various accessories, including a pair of white
dialog: silk stockings.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Wow! Will you look at that
dialog: dress!
speaker_heading: VERA .
text: Forget it. An arm and a leg.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: George. Stop for a sec.
dialog: Okay? : .
text: RAVEN jumps out of the car holding a glass of Southern
text: Comfort. Once-overs from shoppers as she examines
dialog: the dress.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: (from car:
dialog: . window)
dialog: I'm late!
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - APARTMENT ABOVE PASICH BAKERY - DAY
text: HOWARD is busily mixing ingredients in bowls.- Under
text: his breath he’s doing a diabolical Julia Child imitation.
text: He's putting crushed chiles, cayenne peppers and
text: tabasco sauce in the cake mix. HOWARD'S MOTHER,
text: packing pastries, is scolding him in POLISH. HOWARD
text: ignores her. RAMOS is packing can after can of Carnation
text: Gondensed Milk into a cupboard.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: You're crazy to bait those
dialog: bozos. Why can't you
dialog: just ignore them?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: They want a fight. They got
dialog: a fight. I was born in
dialog: this neighborhood!
speaker_heading: MRS, PASICH
dialog: So, big deal....
text: VERA and RAVEN come up the stairs from the bakery.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I'm here..ee
text: Before RAMOS ean slam the cupboatd door RAVEN sees the
text: Carnation cans and smiles knowingly.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: You're late! We'll never make
dialog: the bank,..
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Damn right you willl
dialog: Look outside...
text: RAVEN guides MRS. PASICH and RAMOS over to the window
text: where they see the waiting limo, Impressed, excited.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You got anymore pills?
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: (fishing in pocket)
dialog: You're doing too many...
text: VERA hands over a container of diet pills. HOWARD
text: Pops one. RAVEN grabs his hand as he swallows.
text: Pulls him toward the window.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Lay off the speed will you?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Who else is going to
dialog: do what I @o...you tell
dialog: me!
text: HOWARD looks down at the waiting limo.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: It's getting
dialog: serious...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I got to talk to you...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (concern)
dialog: Obviously...How you
dialog: bearin' up, babe?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: No good...
scene_heading: EXT. UPTOWN RESIDENTIAL STREETS = LATE DAY
text: We see the PASICH Bakery truck slowly making it's way
text: down a fine street in an upper-middle class residential
text: district. The truck slows as it comes to the previously
text: seen POTOKER residence.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD'S DELIVERY TRUCK - UPTOWN = LATE DAY
text: HOWARD and RAVEN looking at house numbers.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: The phone book says 2210,
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: There it is....
text: We see the POTOKER residence. RAVEN js impressed,
dialog: intimidated. .
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: God. Give me a break...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: de don't need a tag
dialog: Gay. I'll] tell you...
text: HOWARD pulls over. They look at the POTOKER house
dialog: from a Gistance.
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD'S DELIVERY TURCK = UPTOWN ~ LATE DAY
text: HOWARD puts his arm around RAVEN, who's upset.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: See. He's “too good for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Did I ‘jwear right.
dialog: Someone's too good
dialog: for you? ...Doesn't sound
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
text: Out of reach. Somewhere
dialog: else...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: He frightens you doesn't he.
dialog: He could hurt you, couldn't
dialog: he?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Yes.o.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: But you want him...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 94 (eont'd)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm afraid if..I
speaker_heading: BOWARD
dialog: Make love to him...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'll lose him...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: So what if you do?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: It hurts too much...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I£ you lose him it's not your problem. Not if
dialog: you're honest to your heart... I had someone once..
dialog: before Ramos....
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: He hurt you? -
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Terribly...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: See.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: But I am glad I went with how I
dialog: felt. He made me take’a chance.
dialog: If I hadn't..maybe IJ wouldn't be
dialog: putting my whole life on the line
dialog: with this shop...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Does it have to hurt so much?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You and me. We have to take the
dialog: risk. People like us. All we got
dialog: is today.. .
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I want more than that.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: That's all they gave us.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: It's so hard....What does he want from me?
dialog: g4 > (Cont'a) we me
dialog: c
speaker_heading: _ HOWARD
dialog: C . . Your secret
speaker_heading: c RAVEN
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: Like your secret ingredient!
speaker_heading: BROWARD
dialog: You've heard of Albert Einstein, right?
dialog: €
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Who hasn't 5
speaker_heading: BROWARD
dialog: O.K. Big shot. What did he do?
dialog: €
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: He was some kind of genius.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: c There's maybe twelve people in the world who
dialog: really understand, Albert Einstein...
dialog: That's why he's famous
speaker_heading: A RAVEN
dialog: - So?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (serious)
dialog: You got the edge. There's only three
dialog: or four who understand you...
text: RAVEN embraces HOWARD. Feeling of deep friendship.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I've been watching. Junior Jean.
dialog: cf
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Isn't she doing great?
speaker_heading: BROWARD
dialog: t Too great.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 54 (cont'd)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROWARD
dialog: She's got that look in
text: her eye. The same look
dialog: you had when I first met
dialog: you. ~ .
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: We're friends.
speaker_heading: HOWARD .
dialog: Maybe. But there's nothing
dialog: ( better she'd like but to
dialog: dance you into the backercund music.
dialog: ~ Thoughtful moment betzeen them.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: t Raven. All we got is
dialog: today.
scene_heading: MUSIC SEQUENCE BEGINS
scene_heading: 7 95 INT. PAUL POTOKER'S OFFICE = UPTOWN = DAY
text: PAUL is at the top of the conference table. Several
text: executives are explaining details of one of the new
text: POTOKER developments. He appears distracted. The
text: jargon continues. He's really not there.
scene_heading: C 96 INT. RAVEN'S LOFT - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: We see RAVEN Spraying a previously seen black pill
text: box hat, white. She attaches a white veil te the hat.
text: Puts it on her white bed, where she appears to have
text: created some kind of canopy. Also white.
scene_heading: $7 INT. POTOKER RESIDENCE - UPTOWN = DAY
text: PAUL is seen walking through the living room past his
text: Gen towards the door.
scene_heading: ( 98 INT. RAVEN'S LOFT - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD © NIGHT
text: RAVEN is seen putting on make-up in @ portable make-
text: up mirror. Finishes. Lights a candle. Stands and
text: walks in a light created by dozens of lighted candles,
scene_heading: ( 99 EXT. RAVEN'S LOFT - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = NIGHT
text: PAUL POTOKER'S Porsche pulls up in front of the building.
text: PAUL gets out and enters.
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: [
dialog: ‘
dialog: !
dialog: a 102
dialog: ¢
dialog: |
dialog: if
dialog: 203
dialog: €
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: ” 104
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. RAVEN'S BUILDING - WAREHOUSE DISTRICT = NIGHT
text: Candles line the staircase to the second floor.
text: Surprised, he climbs to the second floor.
text: to RAVEN'S loft is ajar.
scene_heading: INT. RAVEN'S LOFT = WAREHOUSE DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: PAUL walks in.
dialog: Door
text: Under a white canopy on a white bed
text: RAVEN'S reclined on white pillows, wearing the white
text: period-dress seen earlier in the shop window, a white
text: pillbox hat, white veil, (scarelet lips beneath),
text: white silk stockings, white dancer's slippers wrapped
dialog: to the calf.
dialog: she
text: An extended scene of lovemakeing.
dialog: Mutual
dialog: cussion.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: A sensational performance.
text: crosses her legs to reveal white see-through panties.
dialog: Mutual
dialog: But the Conquest is hers.
dialog: I love you...1 love you...
dialog: I love....
scene_heading: MUSIC SEQUENCE ENDS
text: INT.
text: The bed is a shambles.
dialog: pulled down.
text: light is pouring into the room.
text: The candles guttered.
text: As PAUL undresses
dialog: care.
scene_heading: RAVEN'S LOFT ~ WAREHOUSE DISTRICT - DAY
text: The home-made canopy has been
dialog: Early morning
text: RAVEN is asleep.
text: PAUL is looking out the window, finishing dressing.
text: He walks over to the bed and kisses RAVEN on the
dialog: cheek.
text: the door.
text: She stirs.
text: Begins to walk towards
text: She gets up as he stands at the door.
text: From a chair nearby she picks up a pair of silk tap
text: underpants.
text: Kisses him on the cheek.
text: He holds on to her tightly.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: They cost me forty dollars.
dialog: Do you know how manydew worms
dialog: that is?
text: She puts the pants into his jacket pocket.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLES STREET - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = DAY
dialog: It's dawn,
text: Paul, his Porsche in the background, is
text: walking thoughtfully, dishevelled, near the house
dialog: where his father was born.
text: examination, in this melancholy neighborhood.
dialog: Moment of painful self-+
scene_heading: INT. POTOKER RESIDENCE = UPTOWN - DAY
text: PAUL, most of his clothes still on, is asleep on a
dialog: There are papers scattered on @
text: couch in his study.
dialog: @esk.
dialog: there.
text: A yawning ELAINE walks into the room.
text: Puts a blanket over him.
dialog: 
dialog: Leaves.
dialog: Sees him
dialog: cos
dialog: 105
scene_heading: INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: The MODERN PRIEST and JUNIOR JEAN are sitting casually
text: in a pew at the front of the church. CAMERA HOLDS
text: on RAVEN, TINA, HOWARD, and RAMOS who are waiting
text: for JEAN to finish her session. They're talking quietly.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: What's she doing?
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: She's asking him if it's
dialog: a sin to take her clothes 6ff
dialog: in a bar...Not too cool...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: The main thing is to keep
dialog: her bo busy she doesn't
dialog: get sic.vous...what's the
dialog: problem with her make-up?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: My dear, she thinks she’s
dialog: Helena Rubenstein...She
dialog: hadthe nerve to reject
dialog: my High Voltage Pink.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: I think she was right about that.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Thank you, Helena Rubenstein!
text: JUNIOR JEAN walks to the back of the church and joins
text: RAVEN. The YOUNG PRIEST, walks behind her. HOWARD
text: opens up a make-up case. RAMOS, a portable mirror
text: with lights. JEAN sits down. The PRIEST looks on,
text: perplexed. JEAN turns to RAMOS.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Maybe we shouldn't do this
dialog: in a church?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Why not? We haven't got
dialog: time...
text: PRIEST, hesitates. Finds it all bizarre.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Uh...That's all right...
dialog: (leaves)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: - 105
dialog: 7
dialog: f
dialog: (
dialog: if
dialog: 106
dialog: i€
dialog: Lo
dialog: if.
dialog: h
dialog: {
dialog: i
dialog: 107
dialog: i
dialog: €
dialog: 108
dialog: (cont'd)
text: RAMOS takes JEAN'S hair in his hands.
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: I'll use bi-level
dialog: wiring. Create wings that
dialog: go up and back this way...
dialog: Should I change color, .
dialog: Howard?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Only on the wings...But
dialog: use food coloring... ° .
dialog: (Howard checks
dialog: her nails)
dialog: Honey, who massacred your
dialog: cuticles!
scene_heading: EXT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL ~- MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD ~ NIGHT
text: The two stoned BIKERS seen stealing pastries earlier
text: are back at HOWARD'S delivery truck, They're surprised
text: to see the door isn’t locked. They grab two boxes.
text: Close the door. Sneak quickly into the nearby alley.
text: Settle behind a row of garbage cans. Open the boxes.
text: One BIKER throws away a small roach. .
speaker_heading: FIRST BIKER
dialog: Far out...Chocolate again...
text: The BIKERS bite hungrily into the cake. Since they're
text: both stoned, they eat for awhile before their tongue
text: and stomach feel blowtorched. One brings up violently.
text: The other screams at the top of his lungs, running
text: around in circles. The pain is agonizing. Finally
text: they run, screaming for water, toward the Bus Depot
dialog: Coffee Shop.
scene_heading: INT. THE POTOKER BEDROOM ~ POTOKER HOUSE - UPTOWN ~ NIGHT
text: ELAINE POTOKER is going through clothes in the clothes
dialog: closet. From time to time, she'll throw a dress or
text: a pair of PAUL'S slacks on the bed where a dry cleaner's
text: pick-up bag is sitting. Seeing a crumpled sports
text: jacket on a hook, she grabs it and is about to throw
text: it on the bed when she sees a pair of panties in the
text: pocket. At first she laughs when she sees the silk
text: tap pants. Finally, angry, she walks toward the phone.
dialog: Dials.
scene_heading: INT, PAUL POTOKER"S OFFICE - UPTOWN - NIGHT
text: CAMERA PANS the office, past thepicture of ELAINE
text: and JILL in her figure skating costume. Phone RINGS.
text: PAUL, in shirtsleeves, working, picks up phone.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: 2110
dialog: qi
dialog: 112
dialog: Ire
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hello?...Oh, hello
dialog: darling.
scene_heading: INT. POTOKER BEDROOM - POTOKER HOUSE ~ NIGHT
text: ELAINE, looking down at the panties in her hand,
text: speaks calmly.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I was wondering when you'd
dialog: be home? : .
scene_heading: INT. PAUL POTOKER'S OFFICE ~ UPTOWN = NIGHT
text: PAUL, Bidetracked with work, a little curt.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: God knows. With this
dialog: truckload of work...
scene_heading: INT. POTOKER BEDROOM ~ POTOKER HOUSE ~ NIGHT
speaker_heading: ELAINE stands.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Just curious. No problem.
dialog: I'll see you when you get
dialog: home...Bye..
text: ELAINE puts phone down, Paces awhile. Looks down at
text: panties having made some kind of decision.
scene_heading: INT. RACQUET AND SKATING CLUB ~ UPTOWN - NIGHT
text: JILL POTOKER and her COACH, an attractive woman in
text: her forties, are at center ice. The coach skates over
text: to the boards to turn on the MUSIC. Jill starts
text: her grateful moves.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: Keep that right leg paraliel!
text: ELAINE POTOKER walks into the arena and takes a seat
text: by the boards. JILL, surprised, waves to her and
text: continues on with her skating. JILL performs a
text: couple of Lutz jumps, Stops. Calls to COACH.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'll only be a sec, Mrs.
dialog: Ferguson.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 112° (cont'd)
text: JILL skates over to her Mother.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: The Lutz jumps are much
dialog: Sharper, dear.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: What's up?
text: ELAINE hesitates.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: What's the name of the bar
dialog: your father goes to?
speaker_heading: JILL .
dialog: Ah, C'mon. I can't.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I want to know...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: The Hard Hat.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: JILL
text: Right on Market Street...
dialog: You're not going there
dialog: are you...I wouldn't
dialog: go there, Mommy. It's
dialog: too weird....
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I'm sure you'd know.
dialog: «..What was the girl's
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What girl?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
speaker_heading: valu
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: Raven.
text: ELAINE gets up to leave. JILL is unsettled, upset.
text: Skates back to center ice.
dialog: 
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: wee
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL = MARKET NEIGHKBORHOOD — NIGHT
text: The five podiums are descending to the applause of the
text: packed bar. In the center podium is SOLITARY, the
text: New Wave dancer wearing a costume first seen in the
text: ‘dressing room earlier. She breaks into her highly
text: stylized dance os the podiums ascend, SOLITARY moves
text: almost robot-like to the New Wave music, mouthing the
text: lyrics as if they were orders. ‘The MUSIC BUILDS and
text: tells a story of social contempt. Even the .
text: audience is abused by the song. But they love it.
text: The WAITRESSES rock along to the routine, flashing
text: occasionally. ELAINE POTOKER, enters, Taken aback.
text: A WAITRESS shows her to a table.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: A double scotch, please...
dialog: «--with ice.
text: WAITRESS leaves. ‘LAINE watches the dancer. Eventusily
text: she scans the room: Bus drivers, blue-collar workers,
text: Oriental regulars, FRANK and _NICK,.the owner. The
text: WAITRESS brings ELAINE her scotch.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Four dollars, please.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Is Raven working tonight?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: She'll be on next.
text: ELAINE watches SOLITARY move across the stage hurling
text: abuse at the world. Finally, her podium arrives.
text: She ascends to decent applause and much whistling.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM ~ HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL ~ NIGHT
text: The atmosphere in the dressing room is electric.
text: Tonight's the debut of JUNIOR JEAN. SOLITARY emerges.
text: HOWARD'S hands her a towel. RAMOS is busily wiring
text: JEAN'S Hair, creating the winged look. VERA walks
text: in from the small costume room nearby carrying the
text: war helmet. HOWARD is just finishing RAVEN'S makeup
text: RAVEN'S look tonight is that of an Amazon Jungle Queen.
text: It is by far her most brief outfit. Her body is
text: painted with pop lightening bolts. She's wearing
text: the Maude Frizon shoes painted in the manner of naked
text: feet. HOWARD mvoes over to JUNIOR JEAN who is wearing
dialog: @ robe. We can't see her costume.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: C 114 (cont'a)
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Your makeup's still too sharp.
dialog: I'll have to soften it,
speaker_heading: c RAVEN
dialog: I'll do it, Howard. Jean
dialog: and I have an idea,
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (in a huff)
dialog: ¢ By all means. This is
dialog: the price one pays when
text: one works with artistes.
dialog: Soon you'll tell me how
dialog: to bake! Reveal my
dialog: secret ingredient to the
dialog: C world!
speaker_heading: LORRIANE
dialog: , Not the secret ingredient
dialog: routine again.
speaker_heading: ic SOLITARY
dialog: i What is it for Christ's
dialog: sake?
speaker_heading: ’ NADIA
dialog: Even the Pillsbury Dough
dialog: € Boy hasn't the vaguest...
text: VERA, holding the war helmet appears concerned.
text: Torns to RAMOS.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: ( Will the helmet fit over the
dialog: hairstyle?
speaker_heading: RAMOS
dialog: I've measured everything.
dialog: Don’t worry .
scene_heading: 115 INT. POTOKER HOUSE = UPTOWN - NIGHT
text: An exhausted PAUL POTOKER walks into the entrance hall
text: and throws his briefcase on a table. He picks up
text: a note from ELAINE that reads: “Thought it was time
dialog: I went out. Won't be late. Love, Elaine.“ The
text: note is pinned to RAVEN'S panties. PAUL is beside
text: himself. kushes off into the living room.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: ~ ae
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 99,
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Jill?
text: JILL is sitting reading a magazine, She looks up.
dialog: Nervous.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where did your mother go?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (repentant,
dialog: upset)
dialog: I think you know...
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR & GRILL ~ MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD ~ NIGUT
text: ELAINE POTOKER is feeling her drinks. The MUSIC BUILDS
text: and the podium descends. ELAINE'S WAITRESS points to
text: the center podium indicating RAVEN, her back to the
text: audience. The other dancers ascend leaving RAVEN
text: performing to a strikingly rhythmic piece. ELAINE is
text: intimidated by RAVEN'S force and beauty on the stage.
scene_heading: EXT. HARD HAT BAR & GRILL ~ MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD ~ NIGHT
text: PAUL'S Porsche pulls up behind HOWARD'S delivery truck.
text: As he gets out he sees that all of the tires on the
text: truck have been slashed. The panel sign has been
text: crudely changed with paint. The sign now reads,
text: “FAG'S BAKERY”. White paint has been thrown on the
text: windshield. PAUL rushes into the bar.
scene_heading: INT, HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL ~ MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: ELAINE continues to watch RAVEN dance. Her act is 50
text: choreographed she appears to perspire on cue. When
text: a lyric announces why a woman has to be an Amazon
text: if she hopes to get a man, her entire body cascades
text: with perspiration. She looks utterly primitive.
text: PAUL rushes through the back door. He watches
text: ELAINE watch RAVEN ascend to thundering applause. PAUL
text: seems confused. ELAINE stands, talks to a WAITRESS.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Is the dressing room up
dialog: there?
text: WAITRESS nods.
dialog: 115
dialog: 120
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM ~ HARD HAT BAR & GRILL = NIGHT
text: RAVEN enters dressing room. HOWARD passes her a towel.
text: RAVEN rushes over to JUNIOR JEAN.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'll do your makeup now.
text: VERA walks in with a pair of high heels that
text: have small feathered wings sewed on to them. She
text: Kneels before JUNIOR JEAN. Puts the shoes on.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I've put bandaids inside
dialog: so they won't slip. How
dialog: does that feel? -
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Much tighter. Thanks.
text: RAVEN is gathering together various makeup pots.
text: LORRAINE comes over to RAVEN.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: There's somebody here for you?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (glancing at door)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Some fancy lady.
text: RAVEN strides over to the door.
scene_heading: INT, HALLWAY OUTSIDE DRESSING ROOM ~ HARD HAT BAR
scene_heading: AND GRILL - NIGHT
text: RAVEN, with very little on, confronts ELAINE POTOKER,
text: leoking very dressed and uptown,
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Raven?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 120) (cont'd)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I've been watching.
dialog: I've never seen anything
dialog: like you before...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: I'm not sure if J should
dialog: Bay thank you or not.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: My name is Elaine Potoker...
text: RAVEN shocked. PAUL arrives at top of stairs.
text: Tense moment. They, all three, confront each other.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Oh, God. Paul...
speaker_heading: ELAINE [quickly)
dialog: I didn't come here to make
dialog: a scene. I came to tell you
dialog: that you're a very gifted
dialog: dancer...You have a respons-
dialog: ibility to continue to dance,
dialog: I know, I was a
dialog: professional. I made a
dialog: choice not to continue...
dialog: (looks back
dialog: at Paul)
dialog: I think I made the wrong
dialog: choice.
dialog: (turns back to
dialog: Raven)
dialog: You're not properly trained.
dialog: If you don't develop appropriate
dialog: technigues soon, you're going
dialog: to develop serious back
dialog: trouble. You're an
dialog: absolute natural, (Fighting emotion)
dialog: I'm getting out of herer
text: ELAINE rushes past PAUL. Tears come to RAVEN'S eyes.
text: PAUL walks up to her.
speaker_heading: « RAVEN
dialog: Oh, God. Pavl...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm sorry...I.oe
text: te PAUL walks quickly away in pursuit of his wife.
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL = DRESSING ROOM ~ NIGHT
text: RAVEN, devastated, shuts the door behind her. Fights
text: back tearse. © The anticipatory atmosphere builds.
text: RAVEN fixes her own make-up. Deep breath of resolutisn.
text: She must be strong for JUNIOR JEAN. She sees anew’ woman,
text: full of confidence and attitude, Vera is standing,
text: sewing something on the finished pair of wings. RAMOS
text: is spraying the hair creation. RAVEN, steels herself
text: and moves over to put on the final touches of JUNIOR
text: JEAN'S makeup.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL - NIGHT
text: PAUL has stopped ELAINE. He's pressing both hands
text: against the wall so she can't move.
speaker_heading: Me ELAINE
dialog: (deflated)
dialog: Let me go.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: I don’t know what to say...
dialog: Please, understand...
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Itve seen her.,.I think I
dialog: understand...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Listen to me...
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: What really hurts, Paul...
dialog: and it really hurts, is that
text: I lock at her, I see something I
dialog: lost in myself...
dialog: (chokes up}
dialog: The killer is..I don't even know
dialog: how long it's been gone.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don't let this ruin us, Elaine.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Let me alone for awhile...
speaker_heading: AV36
speaker_heading: Cc
speaker_heading: 122 (cont'd)
dialog: -
dialog: a
text: c ELAINE pushes his arm away and runs down the stairs.
text: PAUL pursues her through the bar and out the door.
scene_heading: 123 INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL ~ NIGHT
text: The audience is getting impatient. They're starting -
text: c to whistle and slam their beers on the table. NICK
text: leaves FRANK'S table and walks towards the
text: dressing room stairs.
scene_heading: 124 INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL - DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: c HOWARD
dialog: {to Raven)
dialog: Tone down that eveliner!
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: How?
dialog: €
text: HOWARD puts his thumbs on the side of JEAN'S eyes.
text: Smudges them slightly. NICK arrives,
speaker_heading: - NICK -
dialog: Hey. Let's go!
speaker_heading: ( VERA
dialog: Everyone in their podiums!
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: C'mon people. Let's do it
dialog: € for Junior Jean.
scene_heading: 125 INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL ~ MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = NIGHT
text: The audience is still restlessly chanting for more.
text: Now slamming beer glasses on the table in unison.
text: C MUSIC begins to build. The podiums start their descent.
text: A hush falls over the audience. In the center platform
text: « flanked by LORRIANE, NADIA, TINA TECH and SOLITARY,
text: is a winged creature. She's wearing a knight's war
text: helmet. A Darth Vadar pink light flashes across
text: they eye slit. She's wearing winged high heels.
text: rf A snake wrapped around the thigh made of chrome,
text: leather and bone wrist guards, a copper and leopard
text: bra. The MUSIC has almost futuristic quality. From
text: somewhere thunder SOUNDS. As the other podinms ascend
text: she takes off her helmet. Her back is to the audience.
text: She places the helmet on her podium. The stage is
text: . black as the blinking helmet travels up to the
text: t _ @ressing room on she podium. She turns around,
text: hidden in her wings. She's hit by purple laser beams.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 125
dialog: 104.
dialog: (cont'd)
text: Throws her wings open. A gasp from the audience.
text: Especially from an astounded FRANK who sees that it's
text: JUNIOR JEAN. RAVEN starts to rock along with JUNIOR .
text: JEAN. JEAN fixes her eyes on RAVEN. The moment is
text: reminiscent of the moment in the skating rink. Except
text: this time it's JEAN whose driving RAVEN.
text: RAVEN smiles, proudly. . . . .
text: JEAN beams. OWARD, RAMOS, RAVEN, VERA arrive and
text: slip over to FRANK'S table. The WAITRESSESS have
text: burst into applause. Blue-collar workers who recognize
text: JEAN from work cheer loudly. At one point JEAN drops
text: the wings. Finally, a hush falls over the audience
text: again as JUNIOR JEAN moves into a breathtaking
text: dance, staying, like RAVEN, close to the surface of
text: themusic. When she finally ascends, the bar is
text: chaotic in its appreciation. The audience is on its
text: feet yelling for more. Finally, the MUSIC starts
text: again. All podiums descend carrying the DANCERS. The
text: DANCERS get off and walk into the audience. FRANK
text: rushes toward JEAN and embraces her. NICK has
dialog: ordered a round for the house. °
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Baby, you were wonderful!
dialog: Sensational!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: Thanks, Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I had no idea.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I know... .
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I love you, baby.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR JEAN
dialog: I want you to understand
dialog: something, Frank. I
dialog: didn't do this for you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: But...?
speaker_heading: JUNTLR JEAN (coyly)
dialog: No promises o-
dialog: Frankie...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: we
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 105,
dialog: (cont'd)
text: FRANK is dumbfounded as the other DANCERS swarm
text: eround JEAN, the celebrity of the moment. HOWARD
text: notices what went on between the two lovers.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
text: A star is born, but now
dialog: what?
text: RAMOS, VERA , HOWARD and NICK take turns embracing
text: JEAN. RAVEN stands at the outskirts of the group
text: stunned by JEAN'S performance. Finally JEAN stands
text: before RAVEN, suddenly a new contender. They
text: walk into each other‘s arms. Hold each other tight.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Waitress)
dialog: Champagne!
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: What champagne?
speaker_heading: NICK .
dialog: In the back...A whole -
dialog: case...New York State!
text: An atmosphere of celebration. One of the WAITRESSES
text: walks over tO HOWARD and whispers something in his
text: ear. HOWARD, flustered, rushes to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL = MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: HOWARD rushes out to his truck. Sees the paint and
text: Slashed tires. Filled with speed and rage he stares at
text: the BIKERS, about a dozen of them, inside the Bus Depot
text: Coffee Shop. Three motorcycles are parked close to
text: each other in front of the Coffee Shop. He strides
text: back into the bar.
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD + NIGHT
text: HOWARD walks back behind the bar, grabs a bottle of
text: cognac and storms Out again. TINA TECH, still wearing
text: her Hi-Tech extension chord outfit, notices HOWARD.
text: Concerned, she stands and follows him out. The
text: celebration continues.
scene_heading: EXT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD = NIGHT
text: HOWARD marches over to the motorcycles. Unscrews the
text: gas tank caps on al) three, TINA TECH steps out of
text: the bar, He splashes cognac over all three bikes.
speaker_heading: CONTINVED
dialog: on, 128
dialog: ce
speaker_heading: C
dialog: c
dialog: ' 129
dialog: )
dialog: t
dialog: a
dialog: c 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 
dialog: 106.
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: . HOWARD
dialog: Flambe Yamaha...You bastards!
text: HOWARD lights the cognac with a iighter and jumps back.
text: TINA TECH gasps. Three explosions. The bikes engulfed
text: in flames. The BIKERS, beside themselves with anger,
text: come pouring out of the Coffee Shop, HOWARD'S jeans
text: catch on fire. He runs. They chase him up an alley.
text: Everyone comes pouring out of the HARD BAT BAR AND GRILL
text: to see what's going on. ROWARD falls, ‘slapping at the fire on
text: his legs. TINA TECH catches yo to him and beats the flames
text: out with her hands. She turns and slugs a SIKER.
text: Two other attack her. HOWARD gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY. NEAR HARD HAT RAR AND GRILL ~ NIGHT
text: The BIKERS have surrounded HOWARD and are brutally
text: beating him, kicking him, His face is running with
text: blood. HOWARD slugs back viciously.
speaker_heading: FIRST BIKER t
dialog: Fucking queen! ,
text: TINA TECH spins one of the BIKERS around and levels
text: him with a terrific punch. Two other BIKERS pick
text: her up and hurl her against garbage cans. One of them
text: kicks her squarely in the face. FRANK, RAVEN and
text: some bar regulars rush into the alley. The BIKERS
text: take off. RAVEN bends beside HOWARD, who's bleeding,
dialog: broken.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (bending over
dialog: Tina)
dialog: Call an ambulance!
scene_heading: EXT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL + MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD —
speaker_heading: NIGHT .
text: A fire engine stands beside the smoldering bikes.
text: Police cars everywhere. RAMOS, sobbing, sits in the
text: ambulance as HOWARD, on a stretcher, is placed in
text: the back. TINA TECH is put in another ambulance.
text: RAVEN sits in the back with her. FRANK is enbracing
text: JUNIOR JEAN. She's crying on his shoulder. An astonish-
dialog: ing debacle.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY CEMETERY - OUTSKIRTS = DAY
text: Walking back toward the cortege CAMERA PANS the tearful
text: faces of RAMOS with MRS, PASICH, VERA, FRARK, JUNIOR
scene_heading: JEAN, NADIA, SOLITARY, LORRAINE,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: (cont'd)
text: relatives, neighborhood friends, and TINA TECH,
text: whose face is badly battered. The MODERN PRIEST and
text: PAUL POTOKER are waiting in the distance for RAVEN who
text: is lingering beside HOWARD'S open grave.
text: carring her bowler hat, with feather.
text: into the grave.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
speaker_heading: RAVEN is
dialog: Bhe drops it
dialog: I know your secret ingredient,
dialog: Howard. Carnation Condensed
dialog: Milk. Can you believe it?
text: Finally, RAVEN bursts into tears of great sorrow.
text: PAUL walks back toward the sad figure of RAVEN.
text: Holds her; turns her around; embraces her tightly.
text: A paternal moment. RAVEN, sobbing, holds on for
dialog: dear life. We realize, perhaps for the first time,
dialog: how alone RAVEN is.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY CEMETARY ~ OUTSKIRTS - DAY
text: PAUL and RAVEN walks back toward the cortege.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What will you de now?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Think about the future...
dialog: ,Try not to miss people
dialog: too much...
text: They walk together a little further.
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don't ever stop, Raven...
dialog: You're going to take
dialog: the town...
dialog: Face each
text: She looks into his face. Some strength under
text: her tears.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (fighting tears)
dialog: I'll never forget you...
dialog: «..there won't be a
dialog: day... I'll never forget you.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 110.
dialog: {cont'd)
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: {manic)
dialog: And I'm a damn good one
dialog: too. That's where you
dialog: can see my work. I'd like to
dialog: get into this school but I
dialog: can't afford it right now be-
dialog: cause I have to help out .
dialog: my friend Vera run her shop.
dialog: But I could do work for
dialog: you here, I'm real good
dialog: with my hands, If you'd
dialog: just come down to the
dialog: Hard Hat there and see
dialog: my work, well,..I'm good...
scene_heading: GLYNNIS (simultaneous lv ADMISSIONS DIRECTOR
dialog: I believe you.... I believe you....
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You do?
scene_heading: INT. TWO TO TANGO BOUTIQUE - UPTOWN = DAY
text: VERA, the earth mother, is busily adjusting the
text: sandwich boards being worn by TINA TECH, JUNIOR JEAN,
text: SOLITARY, NADIA and LORRAINE. The boards announce
text: with some panache, the opening of TWO TO TANGO.
text: The girls themselves look terrific. A little shy
dialog: to get out there on the streets with the uptown
dialog: shoppers.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Get out there you sluts...
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Keep it hot..
speaker_heading: LORRAINE |
dialog: Oinga-boinga.
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: We shall overdose!
text: RAVEN and VERA watch the rag-tag group, quietly hit
text: the streets, gradually gather confidence and finally
text: bop to the sound of their own internal music. RAVEN
text: and VERA have to laugh.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Do we have the slightest
dialog: smallest, honest to God
dialog: American, tits~on-a-bull,
dialog: chance to survive?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: 41Uy.
scene_heading: EXT. CONSERVATORY OF CONTEMPORARY DANCE ~ DAY
text: RAVEN shuts the door of the Comet. She's dressed
text: conservatively. The rest of the girls in their oute
text: rageous plummage, watch as she climbs the stairs.
text: Enters.
scene_heading: INT. CONSERVATORY OF CONTEMPORARY DANCE - DAY
text: RAVEN walks into the foyer cf the dance studio.
text: Walks toward the rehearsal hall. A YOUNG MALE dancer
text: walks past.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Is there a dancer called
dialog: Glynnis around?
text: The MALE DANCER stops, pokes his head into the re~
dialog: hearsal hall.
speaker_heading: MALE DANCER
dialog: Glynnis!
text: GLYNNIS comes bouncing out.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: You probably don't remember
dialog: ME. eee
speaker_heading: GLYNNIS
dialog: Who could forget you?
dialog: Raven...with the Kodiak
dialog: boots...
text: The ADMISSIONS DIRECTOR arrives, scolding.
scene_heading: ADMISSIONS DIRECTOR
text: Back in class, Glynnis.
speaker_heading: GLYNNIS
dialog: Mrs. Hardwick, this is Raven.
dialog: Raven...our admissions director...
dialog: Mrs. Hardwick.
speaker_heading: ADMISSION DIRECTOR
dialog: Do I know you?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: No. But I’m a dancer.
text: RAVEN takes out tvo packages of BARD BAT BAR AND GRILL
text: matches. Hands them over.
speaker_heading: : CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 235
dialog: 136
dialog: 108.
dialog: (cont'd)
speaker_heading: . RAVEN
dialog: fhanks...For loving me...
text: RAVEN breaks the embrace. Moves away fram PAUL,
text: away from the cortege, strikes out alone across the
scene_heading: vast grass. MUSIC SEQUENCE BEGINS:
scene_heading: INT. RAVEN'S LOFT - WAREHOUSE DISTRICT ~- DAY
text: RAVEN alone in her loft. Rain on the windows, Dancing
text: alone, wearing little more than leg warmers. A
text: poignant dance of mourning, moving on, alone but no
dialog: longer isolated.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL POTOKER'S OFFICE - UPTOWN ~- DAY
text: CAMERA PANS from photograph of ELAINE the dancer,
text: across the desk, to PAUL POTOKER alone, at window,
text: looking out across the rainy landscape.
scene_heading: INT. TWO TO TANGO BOUTIQUE - UPTOWN = DAY
text: C/U VERA'S hand turns the sign on the window. The
text: Sign reads: OPEN. Rain has stopped. Overcast.
text: CAMERA PULLS back and we see VERA alone
text: in the shop ready for business. The clothes, cosmetics,
text: even Ruven's hand-painted pumps are out for sale.
text: The shop is original, full of warmth and invention.
scene_heading: MUSIC SEQUENCE ENDS,
scene_heading: INT. COMET - MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: The car passes the Catholic church and Synagogue.
text: It passes the renovated house which is almost completed.
text: A new BMW stands outside. Inside the car, RAVEN,
scene_heading: JINA TECH, JUNIOR JEAN, NADIA, SOLITARY and LORRAINE
text: driving. The car passes the ILLUSTRATED HOUSE.
text: City officials are outside. Men on scaffolds are
text: painting over MR. CORRELLI'S “offensive” mural.
text: MR. CORRELLI, head bowed, sits on the stoop.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: There goes the neighborhood.
speaker_heading: TINA TECH
dialog: Give ‘em shit, Mr.
dialog: Correlli?
dialog: 139
dialog: tal
dialog: 140
dialog: 24)
dialog: {cont d) 122.
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: Einstein made it, didn't he?
speaker_heading: . VERA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAVEN
dialog: ._ Hell.» We're going to .
dialog: knock'em into the cheap seats...
text: Two very spoiled-locking uptown girls approach the
dialog: shop. Customers!
scene_heading: INT. HARD HAT BAR AND BRILL = MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD =
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: A festive atmosphere. A large banner across the room
text: reads: CONGRATULATIONS VERA!. As the MUSIC builds
text: Six podiums ascend from the dressing room. We see
text: RAVEN, flanked by TINA TECH, JUNIOR JEAN, SOLITARY,
text: LORRAINE, and NADIA. Lime green laser beams hit
text: all six dancers, giving the visual effect of being
text: tied, All dancers break the ties at the same time
text: and reck together, precisely choreographed moves
text: in unison. GLYNNIS, her friend STEPHANIE,[ the
scene_heading: CONSERVATORY DANCERS previously seen) and the ADMISSION
text: DIRECTOR are totally impressed, The PRINCIPLE WAITRESSES,
text: wearing their high-fashion knock-offs, flash and mouth
text: to the music--all of them standing on tables. VERA and
text: RAMOS clap in the audience as do. most of the regulars.
text: FRANK beats his hand on the table. Bus drivers, welders,
text: crane operators and sandblasters beat their hands to
text: the music. The momentum of the MUSIC shifts. The
text: flashdancers move into a chain of tangos that create a
text: circle, snapping one dancer out into a solo from time
dialog: to time. Sisterhood. Elation. Celebration.
scene_heading: EXT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL = NORTHEASTERN INDUSTRIAL
speaker_heading: city - NIGHT
text: MUSIC BUILDS. CAMERA pulls back. We see the HARD
text: HAT BAR AND GRILL, the bus depot. CAMERA TRAVELS
text: through city market at night, past the warehouse area
text: dn decline, past the fading garment district and ulti-
text: mately PANS the shimmering cityscape. The MUSIC ends.
text: Another cycle in the dream.
speaker_heading: POST CREDITS
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
