dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Written by
dialog: Eric Bergren, Christopher De Vore &amp; Nicholas Kazan
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PROLOGUE
text: BLACK. We HEAR the soft voice of Frances Farmer.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: No one ever came up to me and said,
dialog: 'You're a fool. There isn't such a
dialog: thing as God. Somebody's been stuffing
dialog: you.'
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. PUGET SOUND - DAY
text: On an expanse of water, calm and undisturbed. After a moment,
text: it begins to ripple as something rises toward the surface. A
text: girl's face breaks through.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: It wasn't a murder. I think God just
dialog: died of old age. And when I realized
dialog: He wasn't any more, it didn't shock
dialog: me. It seemed natural and right.
text: The girl, FRANCES, is 16, blond, very pretty: she seems like
dialog: the most persuasive proof imaginable of God's existence. She
text: swims toward the shore with long graceful strokes... then
text: climbs the steps of the old wood jetty on West Point Beach.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: And yet I began to wonder what the
dialog: minister meant when he said, 'God,
dialog: the Father, sees even the smallest
text: sparrow fall. He watches over all
dialog: his children.' That jumbled it all
dialog: up for me.
scene_heading: EXT. PUGET SOUND - LATER
text: The banks of Puget Sound, dotted with elm trees. Frances
text: sits comfortably in the fork of a tree writing in her diary.
text: Towel around her neck, her hair splayed out and drying golden
text: in the sun.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: But still sometimes I found that God
dialog: was useful to remember, especially
dialog: when I lost things that were
dialog: important. 'Please God, let me find
dialog: my red hat with the blue trimmings.'
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOME - FAMILY ROOM - EVENING
text: Frances is now reading aloud from her diary, gently swaying
text: back and forth in a rocking chair. An older woman, LILLIAN
text: FARMER, sits opposite on the couch, listening and nodding
text: from time to time. A small suitcase stands by the front door.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It usually worked. God became a
dialog: superfather that couldn't spank me.
dialog: But if I wanted a thing badly enough,
dialog: He arranged it.
text: ERNEST FARMER appears in the doorway and hesitates, listening
dialog: to his daughter read.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But if God loved all of His children
dialog: equally, why did He bother about my
dialog: red hat and let other people lose
dialog: their fathers and mothers for always?
text: Ernest goes to Frances and kisses her softly on the top of
text: her head. She looks at him briefly, smiling slightly.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Bye, baby.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: See you next weekend, Dad.
text: He goes to the door and picks up his suitcase, glances at
text: Lillian. She doesn't look up. He leaves.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I began to see that He didn't have
dialog: much to do about hats or people dying
dialog: or anything. They happened whether
dialog: He wanted them to or not, and He
dialog: stayed in Heaven and pretended not
dialog: to notice.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Frances stands at a podium. Other STUDENTS and TEACHERS sit
text: to either side of her on folding chairs. Above the proscenium
text: is engraved: West Seattle High School. Below that a banner
scene_heading: hangs: "NATIONAL HIGH SCHOOL ESSAY COMPETITION, 1931."
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I wondered a little why God was such
dialog: a useless thing. It seemed a waste
dialog: of time to have Him. After that He
dialog: became less and less, until He was...
dialog: nothingness.
text: The AUDIENCE consists of parents, students, and local
text: dignitaries. We SEE several shocked faces. Lillian is there
text: also, smiling. Seated next to her is a distinguished-looking
text: woman, ALMA STYLES. Ernest sits on the other side of the
text: auditorium, looking a little worried.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I felt rather proud that I had found
dialog: the truth myself, without help from
dialog: anyone. It puzzled me that other
dialog: people hadn't found out, too. God
dialog: was gone. We had reached past Him.
dialog: Why couldn't they see it? It still
dialog: puzzles me.
text: Frances closes her notebook and looks up, waiting for some
text: response. There is a deep shocked silence, then a smattering
text: of applause. Lillian claps enthusiastically, then rises to
text: her feet. In the back a WOMAN also stands.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You're going straight to hell, Frances
dialog: Farmer!
text: A stately man sitting next to her, her husband JUDGE BENJAMIN
text: HILLIER, puts a restraining hand on her arm. The woman
text: continues to glare at Frances.
text: Frances stares back, dumbfounded.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SEATTLE STREETS - DAY
text: The screen erupts into violence. A large unruly MOB skirmishes
text: with POLICE in a cobblestoned square. On a truckbed addressing
text: the crowd -- which carries placards reading: "Organize Now!",
dialog: "Workers of the World Unite!", and "Elect Kaminski!" stands
text: MARTONI KAMINSKI. By his side, leading the crowd's responses,
text: stands a younger man with sharp piercing eyes, HARRY YORK.
speaker_heading: KAMINSKI
dialog: And do you think it's radical for a
dialog: man to have a job and feed a family?
scene_heading: YORK &amp; CROWD
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: KAMINSKI
dialog: Is it radical for you to have a hand
dialog: in shaping your future, and the future
dialog: of your children?
scene_heading: YORK &amp; CROWD
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: KAMINSKI
dialog: Is it radical for the wealth of this
dialog: country to be turned back to the
dialog: people who built the country?
scene_heading: YORK &amp; CROWD
dialog: No! No!
speaker_heading: KAMINSKI
dialog: Good! Because, Brothers, that's you!
text: The crowd cheers. Harry York gives Kaminski the thumbs-up
text: sign as a banner unfurls: "Today Seattle -- Tomorrow the
dialog: World."
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: A TITLE COMES ON SCREEN: GOD'S IN HIS HEAVEN AND ALL'S RIGHT
text: WITH THE WORLD? 'NOT SO!' SAYS YOUNG FRANCES FARMER
text: We realize we've been watching a newsreel. We SEE the SCHOOL
text: SUPERINTENDENT presenting Frances with an award.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: Seattle is in the news again as a
dialog: high school junior wins a national
dialog: competition and a hundred dollar
dialog: prize with an essay denying God.
text: City Hall steps. Judge Hillier and other BIGWIGS speaking
text: heatedly to reporters.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: This prompts civic officials to charge
dialog: that left-wing politicians are
dialog: encouraging atheism in the city's
dialog: schools. Miss Frances Farmer was
dialog: unavailable for comment, but her
dialog: mother Lillian --
text: Lillian stands in front of her wood frame house addressing a
text: small CROWD of reporters, photographers, and curious
dialog: neighbors.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Farmer, a well-known local dietician,
text: stepped to her daughter's defense.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (emphatically)
text: Frances has not turned her back on
dialog: the Lord, they're just having a
dialog: momentary difference of opinion.
dialog: What child hasn't questioned the
dialog: Lord's mysteries in order to better
dialog: understand them? To paraphrase Mr.
dialog: Voltaire, I may not agree with what
dialog: she says, but I'll defend to the
dialog: death her right to say it. Freedom
dialog: of speech, unlike in the dark
dialog: countries to the east, still lives
dialog: in America! And in my home.
text: Among the AUDIENCE in the cinema, we SEE Frances and her
text: father. Frances slinks down in her seat until she's hidden
dialog: from sight.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET (SEATTLE) - DAY
text: Frances carries library books and a small grocery bag. Her
text: hair and skin gleam in the sun. People in their yards stare
text: at her as she passes. She walks on, coming to a group of
text: CHILDREN slightly younger than herself who are playing in
text: front of a union hall. A girl, EMMA, 13, glances up.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Hi Emma.
text: Emma looks away quickly, returns to her play.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Bye Emma.
text: Frances shakes her head as she walks on.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Hey!
text: Frances hesitates, then turns to look:
text: A man in his twenties whom we recognize as Harry York,
text: Kaminski's compatriot, leaves a group of men in front of the
text: union hall and walks toward her.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: C'mere. I wanna talk to you.
text: Frances keeps walking. Harry hurries after her.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Momma told ya not to speak to
dialog: strangers, huh?
dialog: (reaches her, grabs
dialog: her arm)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Don't touch me.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'm not gonna hurt you. I just wanna
dialog: talk.
text: She stares at him. He's got a newspaper wedged under one
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (waiting)
dialog: Okay then...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well... you're causin' trouble, you
dialog: know that?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm causing trouble?! You're a pain
dialog: in the butt! You newshounds've been
dialog: after me and my folks ever since I
dialog: won that dumb contest. I'm just
dialog: sixteen, you know? Who the hell cares
dialog: what I think?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Not me. But other people seem to.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah. Well if you didn't put it in
dialog: the papers -- nobody'd even know
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now wait a minute, sweetie. Do I
dialog: look like a newshound to you?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (examining him)
dialog: No... Actually, you look more like a
dialog: cop.
text: Harry laughs.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That's rich. Hey, if I was a cop,
dialog: I'd be packing, right?
dialog: (holding coat open)
dialog: You see a gun? Go on, search me. Pat
dialog: me down.
text: Frances hesitates, leans toward him as though about to frisk
text: him. Their eyes meet, and she pulls away, suddenly
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'll... take your word for it. So
dialog: who are you, then?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Harry York. I work for Martoni
dialog: Kaminski, he's running for Congress
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (smiles &amp; points to
dialog: him)
dialog: Oh yeah! I saw you in the newsreel!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Yeah, well --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You know, my Dad's done some work
dialog: for Kaminski...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Now you're catchin' on. Don't wanna
dialog: get your Daddy in hot water, do you?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Whattaya mean?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well... see the papers've got us
dialog: pegged as pinkos, then you come along,
dialog: the friendly neighborhood atheist --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But I'm not. The newspapers're --
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Right again. You're no more an atheist
dialog: than my man's a Red, but what they're
dialog: doin', see, they're addin' up their
dialog: version of your ideas with their
dialog: version of ours. Could look bad for
dialog: your Daddy.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah. Could look bad for you and
dialog: Kaminski too, I guess.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Sure don't talk like you're sixteen.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well aren't you the smoothie. Now
dialog: you're going to ask for my number, I
dialog: suppose.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I suppose not. Gotta ask you this,
dialog: though: for all our sakes, you better
dialog: keep your trap shut.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well... I'll give it a try, Mr. York.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Harry.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (hesitates, nods)
dialog: Harry.
text: They half-smile, awkwardly, as if neither really wants this
text: encounter to end. Then Harry doffs his hat.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Bye.
text: She nods shyly and starts up the path toward the house.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (admiring her)
dialog: Sure don't walk like sixteen, neither.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: CLOSE ON Judge Hillier in his robes, identified by a nameplate
text: on the bench.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: These are perilous times. With the
dialog: economic collapse comes hopelessness
dialog: and desperation; and people turn to
dialog: dangerous ideas --
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I know.
text: The CAMERA PULLS SLOWLY BACK. We SEE that the courtroom is
text: empty.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: Those of us who represent law and
dialog: order must be vigilant. Who's behind
dialog: this, her mother?
text: Now we SEE who he's talking to: Alma Styles, the woman who
text: sat with Lillian at the school auditorium.
speaker_heading: STYLES
dialog: Impossible. As her attorney, I've
dialog: known her for years.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: What about the father, he's a little
dialog: pink. Maybe he wants to show our
text: schools in a bad light, shift some
dialog: support to Kaminski and those jackals.
speaker_heading: STYLES
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: He's no influence; he doesn't even
dialog: live at home. No, I think Frances
dialog: wrote that essay with no mischief
dialog: intended. It was her teacher who
dialog: entered it in the competition.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: Well, the publicity must stop. It's
dialog: no good for Seattle and no good for
dialog: the country.
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Keep an eye on this, will you, Alma?
speaker_heading: STYLES
dialog: Of course, your honor.
text: He nods with satisfaction. Two right-thinking people fighting
dialog: for what they believe in.
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ernest Farmer sits alone, motionless, at the table. Between
text: two candles, facing him, is Frances' check for a hundred
dialog: dollars.
text: We HEAR bustle from behind the kitchen door, then Lillian
text: and Frances enter juggling several hot dishes. Ernest rises.
text: They set down the dishes, Frances intentionally placing the
text: bread between the check and her father.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: It always amazes me, Lil, how you
text: can whip up a hot, hearty meal out
text: of thin air.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I can thank you for that. It was a
dialog: hard-earned talent.
text: She moves the bread so Ernest again faces the check. As
text: Lillian slices the bread, father and daughter eat grimly.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (offering to Ernest)
dialog: Bread?
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: (taking a piece)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: When's the last time you saw a hundred
dialog: dollars, Ernest Farmer?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Mama...
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (pushing back her
dialog: plate)
dialog: I'm not hungry. You two just enjoy
dialog: yourselves. After all, this is a
dialog: celebration.
text: She leaves. A long silence.
text: They both glance slightly awkwardly at the check.
text: Frances takes it, folds it, and puts it in her pocket, out
dialog: of sight.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: I'm... I'm really proud of you,
dialog: Frances.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thanks, Dad.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: An essay contest... a national
dialog: contest. That's pretty impressive.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I didn't have much to do with it.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: You wrote it, didn't you?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah, I suppose... Dad, who's Harry
dialog: York?
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Well, Harry York is a guy who...
dialog: well, he does a lot of things. Why
dialog: do you ask?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: He talked to me today. Told me to
dialog: keep my mouth shut or I'd get
dialog: everybody in trouble.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Yeah... well... it's possible. Harry
dialog: York and I both work for Mr. Kaminski
dialog: right now, and... well... There are
dialog: lots of folks in this country who
dialog: never got a square break. That's the
dialog: way of things, but Mr. Kaminski wants
dialog: to change it, and when it comes to
dialog: new ideas, the people in power get
dialog: nervous.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Is Kaminski a Communist?
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: No, no, no. All he wants to do is
dialog: see the common man get a little
dialog: representation.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: He's a socialist, then?
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - LILLIAN - NIGHT
text: Sitting at a rolltop desk. She's looking through a large
dialog: scrapbook. We SEE articles about nutrition and diet, some
text: featuring Lillian's picture, others with her name in the
text: heading. She listens to the conversation in the other room.
speaker_heading: ERNEST (V.O.)
dialog: The label's not important, Francie.
dialog: What's important is: this country's
dialog: got nine million unemployed and
dialog: something's gotta be done about it.
dialog: Besides: left-wing, right-wing, up-
dialog: wing, down-wing... they don't mean
dialog: much. All a label is usually is a
dialog: way to call somebody a dirty name.
text: Lillian's face becomes set. She looks down at the book. An
text: article titled "Girl Denies God" is there, freshly pasted.
text: She lays a hand on the blank page opposite.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: It's already started, Dad... with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ERNEST (V.O.)
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: And I can't understand how it can
dialog: hurt to be honest, but the more I
dialog: tried to explain --
dialog: (what I meant)
text: Lillian appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Don't listen to him, little sister.
dialog: When you're proud of what you are,
dialog: you don't refuse the label,
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yes, Ma.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: And you... should be proud. You won
dialog: that contest and made a name for
dialog: yourself.
text: She stomps out. Frances and Ernest push back their plates.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK GARDEN - NIGHT
text: Lillian is watering tomatoes in the dark and talking to them
text: quietly. As Ernest approaches, she senses him and grows
text: silent. She speaks without turning around.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: You're poisoning that child's mind.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: I have a right to talk to her. She's
dialog: my daughter, and she's beginning to
dialog: understand why I've sacrificed so
dialog: much in order to achieve...
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: You've sacrificed?! If you'd practice
dialog: law for decent folk instead of
dialog: Communists and indigents --
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: They need help, Lil. They pay me
dialog: back in other ways.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: How? What do they do for you, Kaminski
dialog: and his friends? They're all
dialog: anarchists! Traitors!
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: No, Lil. It's just you can't
dialog: understand their brand of patriotism.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: That's right. I can't understand a
text: man who puts strangers over his
text: family, a man who gives up a good
dialog: career to become a shiftless inkhorn
dialog: failure.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: I'm going back to the hotel.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: See you next weekend?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: As usual. Everything as usual, Mr.
dialog: Farmer. Just give me my due.
text: Ernest starts back toward the house. He sees Frances watching
text: them and slows down, turns...
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Lillian... I'm more than willing to
dialog: meet you halfway.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Don't make me sick. I'd sooner drown
dialog: myself in Puget Sound.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: That's a thought, Lil. That sure is
dialog: a thought.
text: He trudges back toward the house under Frances' eye.
text: A WOMAN'S VOICE comes from behind the fence.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR'S VOICE
dialog: Are you all right, dear?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I'm fine, perfectly fine.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - NIGHT
text: Ernest stands on the porch holding his little bag.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Dad, please, don't leave early. Just
dialog: because of Mama --
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Francie, you'll learn that sometimes
dialog: it's best to stay low and just walk
dialog: away.
text: He trudges out and down the walk.
text: Frances watches him, shaking her head. That is not a lesson
dialog: she wants to learn.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Opening night. Harry is reading a playbill displayed in a
dialog: theatre lobby: "1934 Spring Production... University of
dialog: Washington Players Present: 'Uncle Vanya' by Anton Chekhov."
text: Frances is playing Sonia. Harry turns and enters the theatre.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY THEATRE STAGE - NIGHT
text: Frances on stage seen from a distance.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What can we do, we must live! We
dialog: shall live, Uncle Vanya...
text: Frances is acting with a nervous young man, CHET. As her
text: speech progresses, the camera moves in nearer and nearer,
text: ending with a close-up. It is as if we are being drawn in by
dialog: her emotion.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: And then we shall rest, we shall
dialog: rest. We shall hear the angels, we
dialog: shall see the whole sky all diamonds,
dialog: we shall see how all earthly evil,
dialog: all our sufferings, are drowned in
dialog: the mercy that will fill the whole
dialog: world. And our life will grow
text: peaceful, tender, sweet as a caress...
dialog: (wipes away tears)
dialog: Poor, dear Uncle Vanya, you are
dialog: crying...
dialog: (through her tears)
dialog: In your life you haven't known what
dialog: joy was; but wait, Uncle Vanya,
dialog: wait... We shall rest...
dialog: (embraces him)
dialog: We shall rest!
text: Curtains close. AUDIENCE bursts into applause.
text: As the curtain opens and the players take their bows, we SEE
text: in the audience: Lillian and Ernest, Lillian clapping madly,
text: crying, nudging Ernest to clap harder.
text: And in the back stands Harry York.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Not bad, Farmer. Not half bad.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY READING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A celebration in progress. Masks of Comedy and Tragedy hang
text: on the walls. DRAMA STUDENTS lounge about: eating, drinking,
text: talking noisily. Bing Crosby is on the record player, singing
text: "I've Got The World on a String." The Drama Teacher is holding
text: court to a group of attentive students.
speaker_heading: DRAMA TEACHER
text: Art is a constant struggle. Some of
dialog: you have the will but not the ability.
dialog: For others, the opposite. I don't
dialog: wish to be harsh, but only one of
dialog: you on stage tonight combined the
dialog: two...
text: The front door opens. Frances and Chet enter.
speaker_heading: DRAMA TEACHER
dialog: On cue.
text: The young men rush over to congratulate her. Frances takes a
text: mock bow. She laughs as people cheer. TWO GIRLS observe from
dialog: the back.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: I could really learn to hate her.
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Stand in line.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY READING ROOM - SEVERAL HOURS LATER
text: Things have quieted down. The Drama Teacher has cornered
text: Frances and is gesticulating drunkenly, waving a copy of
text: "Voice of Action." Frances is also tipsy, but pays close
text: attention to her mentor.
speaker_heading: DRAMA TEACHER
dialog: This is the answer: a subscription
dialog: drive to "Voice of Action!" First
dialog: prize is a trip to Moscow! You could
dialog: visit the art theatre, maybe even
dialog: meet Stanislavski!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But I'll never win that.
speaker_heading: DRAMA TEACHER
dialog: Yes, yes, it's all arranged.
dialog: Everyone's collecting subscriptions
dialog: in your name. And the best part is:
dialog: the trip returns you to New York.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DRAMA TEACHER
dialog: New York, Frances! Broadway! This is
dialog: your chance! You belong on the stage!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (flattered/embarrassed)
dialog: Thank you.
text: A door opens quietly and Harry slips in. He smiles at Frances,
text: who disentangles herself from her teacher and rushes over.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Hi, Harry. Did you see the play?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You think I'd miss it?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well? What'd you think?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I just wanted to see how you looked.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: How'd I look?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Enh.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Don't be a rat, Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You looked okay.
dialog: (glances around)
dialog: Joint's pretty dead. How 'bout I
dialog: take you home?
text: She hesitates, looks around and sees Chet passed out, snoring
text: in a chair. She takes Harry's arm.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST POINT BEACH - NIGHT
text: The beach is very dark, but the sweep of the lighthouse picks
text: up an old Chevrolet parked near the shore.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: You really think so?
scene_heading: INT. CHEVROLET - NIGHT
text: Frances and Harry are sitting in the back seat.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Honest. When you were up there, you
dialog: were really... there, know what I
dialog: mean? Everyone else looked stupid.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't know... I did... feel
dialog: different... Alive.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yeah, it's a gift. You gotta do
dialog: something with it.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah, but if I win this trip, Mama'll
dialog: kill me. She hates Russians. I do
dialog: want to go, though... to New York,
dialog: especially... but I wanted to do
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
text: Quietly.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You're not the quiet type, Frances.
text: They are silent for a while.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You know, my old man was an inventor.
dialog: Spent his whole life down in the
dialog: basement trying to design
dialog: transcontinental underground
dialog: railroads, stuff like that. Well, I
dialog: was supposed to be his partner. When
dialog: I told him the smell of his workshop
dialog: made me sick, I thought he was going
dialog: to die right there.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What happened to him?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: He retired to Florida... made a
text: killing in vending machines.
text: He grins ironically and Frances laughs.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I kick myself sometimes, but the
dialog: thing is, I would have been miserable
dialog: living his life.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...So you think I should go.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Sure. Try this acting thing. You can
dialog: make good money at it.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't know, Harry. I... I want so
dialog: many...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You don't know what you want.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah.
text: She looks at him, smiles wistfully.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Not in the long run, anyway.
text: She starts to unbutton her blouse. Harry is pleasantly
text: surprised, but unnerved.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Frances...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well... don't you think it's up to
dialog: me to...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Come on, Harry. This is America,
dialog: land of the free.
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I thought we might go skinny dipping.
dialog: (pregnant pause...
dialog: smile...)
dialog: For starters.
text: Harry can't believe his good fortune.
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOUSE - DAY
text: Lillian's face, distorted.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Communists?! No daughter of mine is
dialog: going to Communist Russia!
text: Lillian is in her apron, canning peaches.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You act like I'm a bomb-thrower,
dialog: Mama. It's just a trip.
text: She leaves. Lillian follows her down the narrow -- almost
dialog: institutional -- hallway.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: But they're using you!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh Ma, they're not using me. It's
dialog: just a chance to travel, see things.
dialog: Besides, it's the only way I can get
dialog: to New York.
text: They've reached Frances' room. She puts on her coat.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I'll pay your way to New York. I'll
dialog: work, I'll slave. I'll sell my
dialog: vegetables to the truck farmers, or --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Oh, Mama, don't you understand?
text: She stares out the window. We see Ernest mowing the lawn.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I have to do this on my own. You
dialog: see, I've learned your lesson very
dialog: well. To do what I think is right
dialog: and everyone else be damned.
text: Frances turns and heads back down the hall. Lillian follows.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I never taught you that!
text: Frances keeps walking.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Little sister, if you don't wise up
dialog: soon, it's going to be out of my
dialog: hands!
text: They've reached the kitchen. Ernest is there, sweating,
dialog: drinking water.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It isn't in your hands, Mama. It's
dialog: my life.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Yes, but important people are
dialog: concerned about this. Judge Hillier
dialog: spoke to Alma Styles --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (grimacing)
dialog: ...You will.
text: She storms outside. Frances sighs, looks at her father.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What do I do, Dad?
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: You really want to go?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: And you think it's worth all this?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: If I didn't, I wouldn't put you
dialog: through it.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: ...Then go.
scene_heading: EXT. SEATTLE BUS STATION - DAY
text: Lillian has a few reporters drawn off to one side. Alma Styles
text: and a MINISTER stand nearby. A CROWD has gathered. Inside
text: the station, more reporters are milling around Frances.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (almost conspiratorial)
dialog: The authorities tell me there's no
dialog: legal way I can stop her, but the
dialog: way I see it, it's bigger than me or
dialog: my family...
dialog: (the following is
dialog: heard faintly as
dialog: b.g. to the scene
dialog: below)
dialog: American integrity, that's what's at
dialog: stake here. They're sending my
dialog: daughter to the heartland of darkness.
dialog: . .the dark forces that would
dialog: overthrow our country. Your country.
dialog: My country.
scene_heading: INT. BUS STATION - FRANCES AND REPORTERS - DAY
text: Ernest and the Drama Teacher stand at Frances' side.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: Has your earlier denial of God led
dialog: you to Communism?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm not a Communist.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: But Frances, you said --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I said all countries are of cultural
dialog: interest. Besides, Russia has the
dialog: greatest theatre company in the world.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Better than any American company?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: What do you think of Stalin?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Not much. Ask me about Stanislavski.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (suddenly frantic,
dialog: loud)
dialog: Help me save my daughter! Save the
dialog: children of America.
text: A TALL SPECTRAL MAN dressed in black adds:
speaker_heading: TALL SPECTRAL MAN
dialog: Repent, Frances, Repent!
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Repent! Repent!
text: Their cries seem weird, almost deranged, and Lillian is taken
dialog: aback.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STATION - DAY
text: Passengers climb onto the bus. As Frances is hugged by her
text: Drama Teacher, the Tall Spectral Man approaches her. In his
text: arms he carries a potted plant, a Bible, and a flashlight.
speaker_heading: TALL SPECTRAL MAN
dialog: Bless you, sister, bless you.
dialog: (dignified, as though
dialog: conducting some
dialog: bizarre ceremony)
dialog: Here is a Bible for solace... and
dialog: this plant to remind you of the
dialog: eternal seed in all of us... and
text: finally, a flashlight to illuminate
dialog: your path through darkest Russia.
text: Frances accepts the gifts, bewildered. The Tall Spectral Man
text: stares at her through hollow eyes. She staggers on toward
text: the bus, looking like a bedraggled Statue of Liberty. The
text: Tall Spectral Man sings an ethereal hymn.
text: Lillian blocks Frances' path. Frances looks at her tearfully.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I love you, Mama.
dialog: (turns to her father)
dialog: I love you, Dad.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: (hugging her)
dialog: Be careful, Francie.
text: As Frances climbs on board.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Frances, I'm warning you. I'm gonna
dialog: throw myself beneath the wheels.
dialog: I'll do it, Frances. Frances!
text: Inside the bus, Frances stares out the window and shakes her
text: head sadly.
text: The bus starts. Everyone looks at Lillian. She is
text: motionless... Furious. Frances sighs, and the bus moves off
text: unimpeded.
text: There is a homicidal rage in Lillian's eyes as she stares
text: after the vehicle. Then the Reporters rush toward her.
speaker_heading: FIRST REPORTER
dialog: What do you say now, Mrs. Farmer?
text: She looks down, her lip quivering. Humiliated, crumbling...
text: As the reporters shout unanswered questions, Ernest puts his
text: arm around his wife and leads her away.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. FARMER STUDY - DAY
text: Lillian is happily thumbing through her scrapbook. Her hand
text: runs down the page, and we SEE a series of headlines, with
dialog: photos:
text: MOTHER UNABLE TO HALT GIRL'S TRIP TO RUSSIA
dialog: (Photo Lillian &amp; Frances)
dialog: Then:
text: MOTHER WARNS AGAINST REDS IN SCHOOLS
dialog: (Photo Lillian)
text: Next is a SNAPSHOT of Frances on board on ocean liner.
text: Then TWO SNAPSHOTS of her in what is clearly Moscow. She
text: wears a Russian hat. The Kremlin stands behind her.
text: Then SNAPSHOTS of her in New York, with a small clipping
dialog: from the "New York Times":
dialog: Visits Moscow Art Theatre...
text: YOUNG ACTRESS RETURNS FROM RUSSIA, ASPIRES TO THE BROADWAY
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: Below this is a magazine advertisement showing Frances in a
text: glossy Chesterfield ad. Her hair is swept up off her head,
text: and she looks glamorous, artificial, very different from how
dialog: we've seen her.
text: Lillian takes up the paste brush and liberally swabs the
text: opposite -- blank -- page of her scrapbook. A handwritten
text: letter from Frances lies beside her. She removes a clipping
text: from the letter and spreads it out. The clipping says: "STARS
text: OF TOMORROW" and shows a semi-circle of girl's faces inside
text: garish stars.
text: Lillian circles Frances' photo and sits back to admire it.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD - DAY
text: We SEE the Hollywood sign in the distance... then CHANGE
text: FOCUS to see the front of the studio...
scene_heading: INT. PHOTOGRAPHY STUDIO - HOLLYWOOD - DAY
text: Frances' hair is tightly curled. She is dressed in a
text: grotesquely ruffled white gown and seated on a small stool.
text: Behind her TWO ASSISTANTS fuss with bunches of white
text: carnations hanging on a grid. A seasoned PUBLICIST kneels
text: nearby and a woman with a coffee cup, CLAIRE, surveys the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (O.S.)
dialog: One more time.
text: Frances stares dramatically off into space.
speaker_heading: PUBLICIST
dialog: Hobbies?
text: The camera clicks.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh, I swim some... play the piano
dialog: badly... and I read like a fiend: I
dialog: like history.
speaker_heading: PUBLICIST
dialog: No, no, people don't want that. Now
dialog: listen: you spend lots of time at
dialog: the beach. You're crazy about dancing.
dialog: And you're the kind of girl who's
dialog: just a little in love with love. Get
dialog: it? Now try again? Hobbies?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Look, I...
speaker_heading: PUBLICIST
dialog: (writing in notepad)
dialog: Beach... dancing... in love with
dialog: love.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: That's me.
text: The camera clicks again. MR. BEBE -- a tall, brooding, well-
text: dressed man -- ENTERS.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Bebe!
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: Who's this?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Frances Farmer, contract player, six-
dialog: month option.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: (an assessment)
dialog: Okay. Good tits. Can't we show them
dialog: off a little more?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I guess so, sir.
speaker_heading: BEBE
text: (nods, stares again
dialog: at Frances)
text: Very fine bone structure.
text: He leaves. Claire stares after him with profound contempt.
speaker_heading: PUBLICIST
dialog: (coming up to Claire)
dialog: Not much to work with. How's this:
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'The most interesting thing about
dialog: Frances Farmer is that her road to
dialog: Hollywood was 12,000 miles long.
dialog: After winning a beauty contest, the
dialog: first prize of which was a trip to
dialog: Europe...' She made some deal with
dialog: the Commies and went to Moscow, but
dialog: I'm not going to say that, am I?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Heavens no. Go on.
speaker_heading: PUBLICIST
dialog: Um... 'Miss Farmer returned to New
dialog: York City and had a brief fling with
text: the Broadway stage before coming
dialog: west to seek stardom.'
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: 'Brief fling?'
speaker_heading: PUBLICIST
dialog: Well, actually she couldn't get hired,
dialog: but lucky for her, some guy in our
dialog: New York office saw her. She says
text: soon as she gets a stake, she's going
dialog: back.
text: Claire rolls her eyes. She's heard this before.
text: The Camera clicks again. Frances is frozen in time.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO ACTING CLASS - DAY
text: TWO STUDENTS are doing a scene from "Design For Living."
text: Others sit around watching, whispering, flirting, sleeping...
text: but Frances is paying very close attention, making notes.
text: The MAN next to her rubs her arm and whispers something. She
text: grimaces and pays no attention. Then she notices, two rows
text: in front, a young handsome student, DICK, who's also making
text: notes. She stares at him for a second, then back at the stage.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUREL CANYON COTTAGE - DAY
text: A tiny rustic cottage, dogs everywhere. Two identical old
text: Fords are parked out front.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - DAY
text: Frances sits on the couch talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Did you get the check?... Oh my God,
dialog: it opened?!, what'd you think?
text: Water lands on her face. She grimaces playfully.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well, I hope I get bigger parts,
dialog: they don't come much smaller.
text: The last line is garbled as water streams in her mouth. She
text: fumbles for something on the floor.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, I'm fine. I just have water in
dialog: my mouth.
text: She finds a water pistol on the floor, picks up the phone,
text: and starts searching for her assailant.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, Mama, I'm not changing my name.
dialog: They can't actually make you, you
dialog: know? Most people don't realize that.
dialog: (playfully, covering
dialog: receiver)
dialog: Oh Dick...
text: She flings open the bathroom door and finds him: Dick from
text: drama class. A furious water battle ensues.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, no, nothing's going on.
dialog: (fast)
dialog: I love you too, Mama. Give my love
dialog: to Dad. Bye!
text: She hangs up, lowers her gun as Dick squirts her. She's
text: getting wet. Her shirt clinging to her breasts. She likes
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Okay, handsome. You win.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD SCREENING ROOM
text: On the small screen we SEE Frances in the arms of a MAN IN
scene_heading: FIRE CHIEF'S HAT.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Kurt!
speaker_heading: FIRE CHIEF
dialog: Oh, Angela! Go with these trappers!
dialog: They'll lead you safely down the
dialog: mountain...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But, Kurt, I...
speaker_heading: FIRE CHIEF
dialog: No, No arguments. Be my good girl
text: and go. There's a forest, a burning
dialog: forest, and you know what I have to
dialog: do!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh, Kurt!
speaker_heading: FIRE CHIEF
dialog: Oh Angela, my own... Angela!
text: ON SCREEN the corners of Frances' mouth begin to tremble,
text: but her eyes remain wide and innocent. The Fire Chief slowly
text: inclines his head toward hers. The brim of his hat hits her
text: forehead. Frances covers her face with her hands and bursts
text: out laughing. The Fire Chief looks stunned. She tries to
dialog: control herself.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm sorry...
dialog: (looking into camera)
dialog: I'm sorry, let's go back.
text: Laughter inside the screening room. A small light flicks on,
text: and from behind we dimly SEE TWO MEN.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: (irate)
dialog: What the hell is that? What's she
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: LAUGHING MAN
dialog: That's talent, Andy.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Oh.
scene_heading: EXT. CATWALK - DAY
text: Frances smiles and eases shut the screening room door. We
text: HEAR the Laughing Man inside shout: "Let's see that again!"
text: Frances puts a cigarette in her mouth and fishes for a match.
text: A man's hand appears, holding a lighter. She looks up: It's
text: Harry, wearing a garish Hawaiian shirt and a Panama hat.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Harry! Harry-god-damn-York! A real
dialog: person!
text: Frances throws her arms around him. They hug warmly.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How ya doin', Farmer?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Me? Look at you! What're you doing
dialog: in Hollywood?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Came to get a tan.
text: They compare forearms.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Not bad. But come on, Harry; what's
dialog: the real reason?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (staring out)
dialog: Kaminski.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah, I read about that. Terrible
dialog: business, suicide.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Since when do you believe the papers?
dialog: They killed him, kid.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: They killed him. They threw him out
dialog: that window.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh no...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Eight stories.
text: She stares down two stories to the ground, imagining:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (also staring down)
dialog: Yup. Poor bastard lay there on the
dialog: sidewalk and he couldn't die. Too
dialog: god damn much heart. He just didn't
dialog: want to die.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (walking on)
dialog: But... but why, Harry...? Why'd they
dialog: do it?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: He wouldn't play ball. What can I
dialog: tell ya... it's done.
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Anyway, I didn't want to be next, so
dialog: I skipped town; came down here to
dialog: work for some big-wig. Tail and nail
dialog: job.
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: I'm sort of a non-gentleman's non-
dialog: gentleman.
dialog: (turns around,
dialog: displaying his shirt)
dialog: How d'ya like the camouflage?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You jackass!
dialog: (pushing him down the
dialog: stairs)
dialog: C'mon, let's get out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO LOT - DAY
text: Harry and Frances walking arm in arm.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Not bad. It was slow at first, but
dialog: I'm doing bits now.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I always told ya, Frances. You got
dialog: real ability.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I know what ability you're interested
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey, I'm a man, aren't I? Whattaya
dialog: say we have dinner, then maybe head
dialog: out to the beach, rub some of this
dialog: tan off each other.
dialog: (off her sober
dialog: expression)
dialog: For old time's sake.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Harry... I met someone.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (stiffens slightly)
dialog: Yeah? What is he -- muscleman?
dialog: Lifeguard?
text: Frances shakes her head.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Actor?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Good. Then it's temporary.
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: All actors are phonies.
text: He's joking, but she doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Serious, huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey that's great, Farmer, just great.
text: She smiles wistfully, seeing him cover up his disappointment.
text: She squeezes his arm and they continue walking.
scene_heading: INT. SOUND STAGE - SET (RHYTHM ON THE RANGE) - DAY
text: Lights being adjusted, cameras set, actors walking through
text: their blocking. In the midst of this we SEE Frances, dressed
text: in western attire, making a point to the WARDROBE MISTRESS,
text: who is listening without enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (spreading her arms)
dialog: These creases... I look like I just
dialog: came from the laundry! I'm supposed
text: to be hiding out in boxcars, sleeping
text: on floors.
scene_heading: WARDROBE MISTRESS
dialog: (cool)
dialog: This is the suit we fitted on you,
dialog: Miss Farmer.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Oh, I know that. But it could look
dialog: more realistic, don't you think?
scene_heading: WARDROBE MISTRESS
dialog: (looking her over)
dialog: It'll do. No one will notice.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'll notice.
text: We HEAR a man conspicuously clearing his throat. Both women
text: turn as Mr. Bebe steps forward.
scene_heading: WARDROBE MISTRESS
dialog: Oh, Mr. Bebe, good morning.
text: He nods imperceptibly.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: Come along with me, Fanny.
text: She hesitates, then goes.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: That's Frances. I'm not the cookbook.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: (leading her off)
dialog: You see: We've got to change that
dialog: name.
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO LOT - DAY
text: Frances and Bebe come through the sound stage door into the
text: light. He gestures to indicate what direction they're going,
text: but remains silent, watching her. She's uncomfortable,
text: blinking like a bird.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: I like your looks. You have the
dialog: classical bone structure of the very
dialog: great beauties... Garbo, Dietrich --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thank you --
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: I intend to make a great deal of
dialog: money off you.
text: Frances is taken aback. This is all rather blunt.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: Since we have you on a seven year
dialog: contract, I'm planning long-range.
dialog: I'm going to loan you out to Sam
dialog: Goldwyn to make a picture called
dialog: "Come and Get It."
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Really? That's a very good book.
dialog: It'd make a terrific --
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: Never mind that. I'm concerned about
dialog: you. Your attitude.
text: They hear a ruckus in the distance and turn and look:
text: PICKETERS are fighting with POLICE. It is raucous, brutal.
text: Bebe turns back to her with a stern look:
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: Society is falling apart, Miss Farmer,
dialog: and people have to buckle down, do
dialog: their jobs. You see, I view myself
dialog: as the Henry Ford of motion picture
dialog: industry, and I can't have the fellow
text: who puts on the wheels arguing with
text: the man who installs head-lights,
dialog: now can I?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But I'm concerned with everything,
dialog: Mr. Bebe.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: (fierce but very muted)
dialog: No, I'm concerned with everything.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But I'm the one up there on the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: That's right. You're an actress,
dialog: Miss Farmer and your job is to act.
text: She's about to reply, but he quickly takes her hand and raises
text: it to his lips. Kisses it very formally, like a suitor. Then
text: turns and walks into the sumptuous executive office building.
text: She watches him go.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE MARQUEE - NIGHT
text: Brightly colored bulbs flashing, causing the wisps of fog
text: around them to glow. The bulbs spell:
scene_heading: "COME AND GET IT" WITH SEATTLE'S OWN FRANCES FARMER
text: A noisy CROWD is gathered outside the theatre, straining
text: against velvet cordons. Big black limos disgorge couples in
text: formal evening wear, to the applause of the crowd. All
text: slightly small-town, off-key.
text: Harry, now sporting a mustache, hat pulled down over his
text: face, stands across the street.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (puffing his cigarette)
dialog: Not bad, Farmer.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Two limousines streaking through the night.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND LIMOUSINE - NIGHT
text: Frances sits next to a faceless STUDIO EXECUTIVE. She's all
text: dolled up. She looks uncomfortable. Silence. She glances up
text: at the limo ahead of them.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST LIMOUSINE - NIGHT
text: Dick sits between Lillian and Ernest A REPORTER and
text: PHOTOGRAPHER crouch in front of them.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I guess it's no secret that I'm proud.
dialog: Only twenty-one years old, and look
dialog: at all she's done.
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: As for her looks, I flatter myself
dialog: that she gets them from me.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Obviously.
text: He winks at the reporters.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: And not only has Frances come home a
dialog: star; she's also brought me this big
dialog: handsome lug of a son-in-law!
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Mr. Farmer, what was your reaction
dialog: when Frances told you she had
dialog: married...
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Dwayne. Dwayne Steele.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: What...? Oh. Well, I was pleased, of
dialog: course. Richard... uh, Dwayne, is a
dialog: real gentleman.
text: Dick smiles and hugs them both.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Well, all I can say is: I feel like
dialog: I've known these two for years!
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (girlishly)
dialog: Oh, Dwayne!
dialog: (overcome)
dialog: This is like a fairy tale!
text: They're stopped at a light. Outside their window we SEE
text: DERELICTS, casualties of the depression, huddled in the night.
scene_heading: INT. FRANCES' LIMO - NIGHT
text: She's staring at the derelicts. We feel her sympathy for
text: them. Almost like she'd rather be out there. A MAN WITH HOLLOW
text: EYES shouts something at them.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What'd he say?
text: She rolls down her window. The Studio Executive beside her
text: looks at her like she's crazy.
speaker_heading: STUDIO EXECUTIVE
dialog: (to Driver)
dialog: Let's go. We'll be late.
text: The limousine lurches forward. Frances settles back in her
text: seat, letting the night air sweep over her face.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE - NIGHT
text: The two limos pull up, the second emptying first. As Frances
text: gets out, the CROWD cheers wildly. She walks past them, eyes
text: glazed. She doesn't see Harry, who is held back by cordons.
text: Lillian is posing and signing autographs. In her tight, formal
text: dress, Frances looks radiant but constricted. As she walks,
text: voices assault her:
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: There she is!
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1 (O.S.)
dialog: How does it feel to be back in
dialog: Seattle, Frances?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: A little strange.
speaker_heading: WOMEN'S VOICES
dialog: Isn't she gorgeous?
speaker_heading: STUDIO EXECUTIVE (O.S.)
dialog: This way.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2 (O.S.)
dialog: How's the movie, Frances?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN (O.S.)
dialog: Smile, little sister, smile.
text: Frances sees her mother smiling nervously. They have entered
dialog: the:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Again there is a cordoned area in the center where Seattle
text: luminaries are sipping champagne. Reporter #1 lurches forward:
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: Can you make some statement about
dialog: Seattle, how the city helped you, or
dialog: the schools --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well, the truth is the city had
dialog: nothing to do with it. I was lucky.
dialog: And what wasn't luck was hard work.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Oh.
text: Judge Hillier's Wife, whom we recognize as the Woman who
text: shouted at Frances in the auditorium, steps forward in a
text: garish gown. She's holding a large key.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HILLIER'S WIFE
dialog: Miss Farmer, I can't tell you how
dialog: proud I am to meet you.
text: She embraces and kisses Frances, who's more than a little
text: put off. After the kiss, she takes firm hold of Frances'
text: hand and won't let go. Judge Hillier steps to his wife's
text: side. Lillian also approaches.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HILLIER'S WIFE
dialog: On behalf of the Seattle Ladies Club,
dialog: as a token of our vast admiration --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HILLIER'S WIFE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Yes...?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Don't I know you?
speaker_heading: JUDGE HILLIER'S WIFE
dialog: I don't believe so.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Sure. You shouted at me in the
dialog: auditorium when I read my essay.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HILLIER'S WIFE
dialog: No, my dear. You must be mistaken.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Oh bullshit.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HILLIER
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (to the dignitaries)
dialog: Listen, I'm still the same girl that
dialog: wrote that essay, the same girl who
dialog: went to Russia, and you people aren't
dialog: proud to meet me at all.
text: A hideous silence. Judge Hillier is fuming. His wife is
text: aghast, the key to the city extended awkwardly in front of
text: her. She shoves it into Frances' arms.
text: Frances moves to leave, but her arm is taken by the Studio
text: Executive, who escorts her into the theatre. The crowd
text: follows. Lillian is utterly mortified.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE - NIGHT
text: We TRACK along the side of the theatre. An exit door is thrown
text: open, and Frances storms out. As she does, she trips over an
text: OLD INDIAN BEGGAR. She stops and looks at him. He peers up
text: at her with large forlorn eyes... then holds out his hand. A
text: connection is made. All the anger drains out of her. She
text: gives him money, several bills. He breaks into a wonderful
text: crooked grin. She starts away, hesitates, then hands him the
text: key to the city. He stares at it, bewildered.
text: She strides away toward her limousine, which is now parked
text: with several others at the end of the alley. The CHAUFFEURS
text: are talking and smoking a cigarette. Her chauffeur sees her
text: and hurries to his limo. As it pulls into the street, we see
text: Harry drift back to the curb and stare after it.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. WEST POINT BEACH - NIGHT
text: Frances sits on the old wood jetty staring out at the water,
text: the lighthouse... Harry approaches.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ...It's one thing to marry the guy,
dialog: but did you have to sleep with him?
text: She cracks up. Harry laughs at his mistake.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Shit. I meant the other way around.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (still laughing)
dialog: Well, the studio told me not to.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Is that why you did it?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Who ever thought they'd be right for
dialog: once? Jesus, Harry... it's a zoo
dialog: back there --
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You're telling me.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Dick... and my mother! She acts like
dialog: she's on Mars or something --
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, she's back to earth now. They're
dialog: all pretty huffed up about your
dialog: leaving. I think you better go back,
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Forget it.
text: He looks at her thoughtfully, then sits.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You know, the funny thing is: it's
dialog: not a great movie. I mean it could've
dialog: been, but they screwed it up, gave
dialog: it a happy ending. And all my friends,
dialog: I know they're going to smile and
dialog: say they loved it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: If they say they love it, they'll
dialog: probably love it. Not everybody lies,
dialog: you know?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (warmly, to him)
dialog: No, they don't, do they?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Frances, you're a movie star now. If
dialog: you give them what they want, you
dialog: can get anything.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't have what they want, Harry.
dialog: (stares at the water)
dialog: Harry, will you tell me something?
dialog: How can I keep making movies when
dialog: people in the streets are starving?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Some people starve, kid. Until we
dialog: can do something about it, they might
dialog: as well see a movie. Makes 'em feel
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But I don't want to be like that. I
dialog: want to do something...
dialog: (important)
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What're you gonna do, waste your
dialog: talent? Why not use it to make
dialog: something worthwhile. You can do
dialog: that, you know?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yeah, if I don't make too big an ass
dialog: of myself.
text: They start to walk now along the beach. We see Harry's car
text: and the chauffeured limousine parked above.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Tell you what. Let's ditch the limo.
dialog: Let me drive you up to that red carpet
dialog: in my beat up Chevy.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: The hell you will, Harry York.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Come on, Cinderella, your pumpkin
text: awaits.
text: She shakes her head mischievously... moves backward
text: unbuttoning her coat.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (like a clock striking)
dialog: Bong... bong... bong...
text: The coat falls.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Don't start, Farmer.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (dropping her scarf)
dialog: It's midnight, Harry. My glittering
text: raiments are dissolving.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (nervously)
text: The chauffeur. He's watching.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: He deserves a show. He missed the
dialog: movie.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'm serious, Frances. This is
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (kicking off a shoe)
dialog: I know.
text: She kicks off another shoe, sailing it into the water.
text: Frances is zipping off her dress.
text: Harry bends to pick up the first shoe.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
text: A single glass slipper left glittering
dialog: on the pearly sands. Who was that
dialog: girl, anyway?
text: Harry watches her, mesmerized. The dress is off.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: 'Come and get it,' Harry.
text: She skips off down the beach, her dress strewn on the sands.
text: After a moment, from the darkness, we SEE her underclothes
text: fly into view. Harry can restrain himself no longer.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Hot damn!
text: He drops the shoe and runs after her, tearing off his clothes.
text: After a moment, from the darkness, we hear her squeals of
dialog: laughter.
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO - HOLLYWOOD - DAY
text: The street outside the Studio Main Gate. Actors, directors,
text: etc. arrive in their shiny expensive autos. Among them is
text: Frances in her old battered Ford. She waves to the Guard and
text: drives through.
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO LOT - DAY
text: As Frances pulls into her parking space, Claire, the woman
text: from the photo session, strolls up.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hi Frances, got a minute?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Sure, Claire. If you don't mind
dialog: walking my way.
text: They walk toward the dressing room.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Well, I suppose I should just say
dialog: it. It's your clothes.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: My clothes?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yeah, I mean slacks... and work
dialog: clothes... and that awful car --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It's a perfectly good car. It runs.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes, but... Really, I hate to sound...
dialog: it's just that the public expects
text: something different from its stars.
dialog: People won't take you seriously.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't care if my clothes are taken
dialog: seriously. Or my car.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You know what I mean.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Uh-huh. You mean what if the public
dialog: finds out I perspire? And wear slacks.
dialog: And drive an old jalopy? What if
dialog: they find out I'm a real person. Oh
dialog: no! Say it ain't so! Not a real
dialog: person!
text: Claire is laughing. They go inside.
scene_heading: INT. FRANCES' DRESSING ROOM - DAY
text: Posh, fit for a star. Frances smiles at the MAKEUP MAN.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Morning, Eddie.
text: As Frances sits at the table and Eddie goes to work:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: That's not all, Frances. Mr. Bebe is
dialog: very concerned about your politics.
dialog: He hears you've been donating money,
text: speaking at rallies.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yup. Claire... please, please tell
dialog: Mr. Bebe that if he worried half as
dialog: much about his scripts as he does
dialog: about my private life, we'd make a
dialog: lot better movies.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'm sorry, Frances. It's my job, you
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I know.
dialog: (imitating Bebe)
dialog: 'This is a factory and we each have
dialog: our jobs. The writer writes, the
dialog: director directs, and the actress...'
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: ...acts. I'll relay your message.
scene_heading: INT. FRANCES AND DICK'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: Dick is talking on the phone in the living room.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Yes, of course she'll make a statement
dialog: on women's rights. Call back tomorrow,
dialog: okay?
text: He hangs up. Immediately the phone rings again. He stares at
text: it wearily, then answers:
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (pointedly)
text: Dwayne Steele's residence.
text: Through the half-open door to the bedroom we see Frances
text: dozing, an open script laid out beside her.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What...?
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Yes. Yes, I'll tell her.
text: He hangs up. Stares off. Slowly enters the bedroom.
text: Frances looks up.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You learn your lines?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (nods drowsily)
dialog: Sort of.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: There've been some calls.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Well... about half an hour ago that
dialog: woman from the talent department
dialog: called, what's her name?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Claire?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Yeah, Claire. She said she was fired.
dialog: Too bad, huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (apprehensively)
dialog: Fired?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Yeah. She said she delivered your
dialog: message and that you'd understand.
text: Frances looks stricken.
text: Dick presses on.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: There was another call too. From
dialog: your agent. He says your summer stock
dialog: deal is all set. So you're going
dialog: back east, huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...Yes.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Without me.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: Showdown.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You weren't going to tell me, were
dialog: you? Just pack up and leave, is that
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Dick, we need some time apart --
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Hey, I'm not a complete fool, you
dialog: know. I can see you're going sour on
dialog: me, and when I try to do something
dialog: about it, you turn your back and say
dialog: it's nothing.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Dick, I can't even breathe here...
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Dwayne! I'm Dwayne now! And you damn
dialog: well better get used to it!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (softly, remembering)
dialog: Dick...
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I don't suppose it occurred to you
dialog: that I might want to leave too, that
dialog: I might want to do theatre? No, 'cause
dialog: you don't want me along, do you? And
dialog: the reason has nothing to do with
dialog: summer stock.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: No. It's all about that night, isn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: What night?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: The premiere. I never pressed you
dialog: about it but god damn it, you're
dialog: gonna tell me right here and right
dialog: now what happened and where the hell
dialog: you were!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You want his name?
text: Dick is crumbling inside.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: What...?
text: We watch it sink in. Confusion... self-pity... building
text: gradually to resentment and rage. He starts to throw a
text: tantrum. Hurling things around the room.
text: Frances just sits there.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: My God... I think you're overplaying
dialog: this a bit...?
text: He hurls a pillow against the wall and rushes out.
text: Frances looks after him, then turns. She's now facing the
dialog: bureau.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Goodbye, Dick.
text: A mirror sits on top of the bureau. She looks into it. Doesn't
text: like her expression. Turns the mirror away.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE LOBBY - NIGHT
text: A playbill in a theatre lobby reads: "Mt. Kisco Playhouse,
text: 1937 Summer Season: 'THE PETRIFIED FOREST'." Among the names
dialog: listed is: "Frances Farmer, the 'Come And Get It' Girl.
text: Suddenly we HEAR an eruption of applause.
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE - AUDIENCE - NIGHT
text: TIGHT SHOT on two men: HAROLD CLURMAN -- a thoughtful
text: aristocratic man -- and CLIFFORD ODETS, who is taller,
text: slimmer, with black hair and intense dark eyes. Around them
text: we see (mostly HEAR) the AUDIENCE going crazy, leaping to
text: its feet, yelling "Bravo! Bravo!" Clurman and Odets sit
text: impassively. As the hurrahs die down and the audience files
text: out, the two men sit there. Finally Clurman turns to Odets.
text: Odets nods very slightly.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Frances sits in the cramped room, listening intently to
text: Clurman. Occasionally she sneaks a glance at Odets, who is
text: pacing like some caged beast.
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: The Group is more than a theatre
dialog: company. It's the embodiment of an
dialog: ideal. Our approach allows the actor
dialog: to be an artist in the fullest sense,
dialog: a creative individual and an
dialog: instrument of change. You see --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (watching Odets)
dialog: Really, Mr. Clurman, you don't have
dialog: to sell me.
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: Forgive my indulgence. Seems we always
dialog: lecture those who are on time for
dialog: those who are tardy. The point is,
dialog: Mr. Odets here has written a wonderful
text: play. Most of the roles are cast,
dialog: but we haven't found our female
dialog: lead...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Who is she?
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: She's a tramp from Newark.
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: Forgive me, but I think you'd be
dialog: perfect for the part.
text: Odets is pacing furiously, seizing their attention. He stops,
text: looks at her, then resumes.
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: Miss Farmer, for me this is not a
dialog: play: it's an assault... a
dialog: seduction... a plea for understanding.
dialog: I think we live in a time when new
dialog: art works should shoot bullets...
dialog: and you make very attractive
dialog: ammunition.
text: He stops. Tentatively, almost boyishly, he smiles.
text: She returns it. She's charmed.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: And what's the title of this seduc...
dialog: assault?
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: (mysterious, intimate)
dialog: 'Golden Boy.'
scene_heading: EXT. BELASCO THEATRE MARQUEE - NIGHT
text: It reads "Golden Boy". Crowds of people streaming out of the
text: lobby. A sign over the box office reads: "Tomorrow's
dialog: performances sold out."
text: Odets sits on the curb. Behind him the lights in the theatre
text: lobby flicker off. PEDESTRIANS stroll by: an odd mix of
text: affluent theatre crowd and 1930s bums.
text: Frances emerges from the theatre, sees him sitting there.
text: Sits beside him.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Hi.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You wanted to talk?
text: Another nod. He's silent. He peers up the street. A GIRL,
text: 16, selling pencils catches his eye.
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: You see that girl?
text: She looks like a waif: tough, vulnerable, pleading with a
text: WEALTHY COUPLE, following them down the street. A drama being
text: played out in the distance, out of earshot.
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: That's who my play is about.
text: Frances watches the girl.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: That's me, Clifford.
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: (strong)
dialog: I know, but I'm not seeing it. It's
dialog: there, Frances, the fire is there,
dialog: but it's not coming through. You're
dialog: lazy --
scene_heading: INT. WORKING CLASS BAR - LATER
dialog: The same conversation continuing:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm not!
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: Yes, you win them, you bring them
dialog: into your heart, touch them, but you
dialog: don't set them on fire!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But I want to. I'm trying!
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: I need an incendiary! An arsonist!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Then show me! That's what I'm here
dialog: for, to learn, to grow!
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: Good. Then it's very simple. You
dialog: have to stop being afraid, Frances.
dialog: It's in you.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATFORM - SPANISH EMBASSY - DAY
text: Clurman is delivering a speech in the background as
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS snap pictures. Behind them on the platform
text: Frances and Odets continue their conversation in whispers:
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: I can see it. You just have to let
dialog: it out. Trust it. No one will quash
dialog: you here, but it's still a fight, a
dialog: struggle! Being true to your art,
dialog: being honest, is always a struggle!
text: We now HEAR Clurman's speech. The initial words below were
dialog: background to the above. What we HEAR now is underlined:
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: ...Not only an artist, but an
dialog: instrument of change. We must look
dialog: to the world around us, not content
dialog: to observe, but to take an active
dialog: hand in redressing its wrongs. We
dialog: will not stand idly by as Fascist
dialog: bombs obliterate democracy. We
dialog: contribute our profits, for if fascism
dialog: is not stopped in Spain, it will
text: spread across Europe, jeopardizing
dialog: the struggle of civilized man to
dialog: survive.
dialog: (presenting check to
speaker_heading: SPANISH CONSUL)
dialog: The artist, to be vital, must be a
dialog: soldier too.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm not afraid of struggle, Clifford.
speaker_heading: CLIFFORD
dialog: Yes you are. We all are. The first
dialog: step is to acknowledge our fear.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: They're walking. The conversation continues.
speaker_heading: CLIFFORD
dialog: Face it! Confess it! You're weak!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm not!
speaker_heading: CLIFFORD
dialog: You're afraid!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm not!
speaker_heading: CLIFFORD
dialog: You don't want to show your whole
dialog: soul -- ugly, mis-shapen, and pitiful --
dialog: you don't want to show it --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (angry)
dialog: God damn it, Clifford, will you shut
dialog: up! I tell you, I want to give these
dialog: things! I want to give them to the
dialog: audience, and I can give them, I
dialog: will give them, so shut up!
text: She is seething. Gorgeous. Alive.
text: He smiles, watching her.
speaker_heading: CLIFFORD
dialog: Good, good. Give them that.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What?
text: As she feels the anger coursing through her body she realizes
text: what he's talking about. She looks at him, still breathing
text: heavily. Gradually her face turns toward a smile.
text: He reaches out and, with exquisite tenderness, kisses her.
scene_heading: INT. ODETS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Later. They enter slightly drunk, laughing. He takes her
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: CLIFFORD
dialog: Madam...?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thank you.
text: She's looking at the apartment. He sees her. A dark thought
text: flickers across his face, and he breaks into an exaggerated
dialog: act:
speaker_heading: CLIFFORD
dialog: Oh my God! Frances, I'm such a cad.
dialog: I can't go through with this. My
dialog: wife is in Europe, but this is her
dialog: house...
dialog: (gesturing off)
dialog: her bedroom. I can't ask you to...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (playing along)
dialog: Oh well. I guess I better leave then.
text: She starts to put on her coat. He watches her.
speaker_heading: CLIFFORD
dialog: Okay, but come here first.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Huh.
speaker_heading: CLIFFORD
dialog: (Leading her down
dialog: hall)
dialog: Come here. I want to show you
dialog: something.
text: He opens the bedroom door.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The bed is drawn back, and the sheets are sprinkled with
text: rose petals.
text: Frances' eyes are large.
text: The kiss is very hungry now.
scene_heading: INT. BEBE'S PANELLED OFFICE - HOLLYWOOD - DAY
text: Bebe's huge desk. Variety Headline: "ACTRESS FIGHTS FASCISM!"
text: Next to the newspaper are a dozen pencils which Bebe is lining
text: up precisely parallel. His expression is totally obsessive,
text: crazed.
text: Behind him a woman (TORA) is cutting his hair. A STUDIO LAWYER
text: paces nearby.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: And on top of her political
dialog: activities, now she's got a lawyer.
dialog: She wants out of her contract, Mr.
text: Bebe. She says she's through with
dialog: motion pictures.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: I'm sure it wasn't me, it wasn't
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Excuse me, sir?
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: I don't know who she fucked to get
dialog: where she is, but I don't think it
dialog: was me.
text: Tora is massaging the back of Bebe's neck. He's oblivious.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Well... you could always dump her,
dialog: Mr. Bebe. Teach her a lesson. There
dialog: are a million beautiful girls out
dialog: there who don't give a damn about
dialog: politics.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: That's not the point. Frances Farmer
dialog: has the world by the tit because of
dialog: this studio, and now she thinks she
dialog: can waltz off without a thank you.
dialog: No. No, that young lady has a
dialog: contract, and she's going to honor
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Oh. I mean, good.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: I think it's time to take the gloves
dialog: off.
text: (scowls, speaks into
dialog: intercom)
dialog: Get me some reporters.
dialog: (afterthought)
dialog: Particularly Louella Parsons!
text: During this conversation, Bebe has been drawing on the
text: Variety. We now see his work. Beneath the headline was a
text: photo of Frances, on whom Bebe has drawn a mustache.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. BELASCO THEATRE - NIGHT
text: The marquee for "Golden Boy" reads "Held Over". USHERS are
text: opening the glass doors from the empty lobby onto the street.
text: We HEAR thunderous applause from the inside.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKSTAGE DOOR - ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Frances emerges from the stage door to a throng of AUTOGRAPH
text: SEEKERS. She smiles tiredly, but good-naturedly complies. A
text: little ways back stands a boyish YOUNG MAN holding a single
text: red carnation. When the Autograph-seekers are satisfied and
text: all but a few have trailed away, the Young Man steps forward.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Miss Farmer... I've never done this
dialog: before... but... I had to tell ya'
dialog: you're great!
text: He shyly hands her the flower.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thank you very much. I'm glad you
dialog: liked the play.
text: She smiles and begins to walk away. The Young Man follows
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: I'm really sad it's closing. Now
dialog: what am I gonna do on Tuesday nights?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You can always come see it in London.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Only if you were in it. Are you?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I wouldn't miss it.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Boy, I'd love to... but I'm going to
dialog: Hollywood.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Are you an actor?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Hell yes!... well, okay, I'm still
dialog: in school. But as soon as I
dialog: graduate... California, here I come!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Are you really serious? About acting?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Why... yes.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Then don't go to Hollywood.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm telling you straight, if you
dialog: have any serious ambitions, stay
dialog: clear of the place. It'll crush you.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: You sound as if you hate it.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, I don't hate it.
text: Again she walks on. He follows.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Aren't you ever going back?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...Not if I can help it.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Gosh! You'll break a lot of hearts.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: They'll mend.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: What about your husband?
text: Frances stops walking, her eyes shoot to the Young Man's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Will you be getting back together?
dialog: When you quit Hollywood, I mean.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What is this?
text: The Young Man suddenly seems much older, and there is no
text: sign of the awkward boyishness.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Is it true you're getting a divorce?
dialog: Comrade?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Why, you... you little bastard!
text: The Young Man grins.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Thanks for our chat, Miss Farmer. Be
dialog: seeing you.
text: He begins to walk away.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Just one minute...
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (turning)
dialog: You're wasting your time, lady.
dialog: Nothing's off the record with me.
text: He is gone.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. WORKING CLASS BAR - NIGHT
text: Odets sits at a table in back, drinking and writing in a
text: notebook. Frances comes up to him.
text: He smiles, draws her to him for a hug.
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: How'd it go?
text: She hesitates, still affected by the incident outside the
dialog: theatre.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: 'But how do I know you love me?'
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: Your big speech?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: 'How do I know it's true? You'll get
dialog: to be the champ. They'll all want
dialog: you, all the girls! But I don't care.
dialog: I've been undersea a long time. When
dialog: they'd put their hands on me I used
dialog: to say, "This isn't it! This isn't
dialog: what I mean!" It's been a mysterious
dialog: world for me! But Joe, I think you're
dialog: it! I don't know why, I think you're
dialog: it. Take me home with you.'
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I already have.
text: She nods, turns her back to him.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: How's it sound?
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: The speech? Real good.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You think I got it?
speaker_heading: ODETS
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah. Yeah, tonight I think I got
dialog: it.
text: She is crying.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ODETS' APARTMENT - DAY
text: Frances comes in the front door with a bag of groceries,
text: removes her key. Walks into the living room, stops short.
text: Clurman is sitting on the couch, a bottle and two glasses in
text: front of him.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Hello, Harold.
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Frances.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Where's Clifford?
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: He's not here.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh.
text: She sits.
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: Bourbon?
text: He pours. She drinks hers, watching him.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: I hear you're meeting with the studio
dialog: lawyers to get out of your contract.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: That's right. I don't want them
dialog: breathing down my neck while we're
dialog: in London.
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: Well... well, you see, that's the
dialog: point. You won't be opening in London.
text: Frances looks like she's been punched in the stomach.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (insecure)
dialog: You don't think I'm good enough?
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: What?! Good Lord no, it's just...
dialog: It's money. We needed backing and...
dialog: well, we found it.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: An actress.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: A rich actress.
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: Yes. That's the deal. She plays Lorna.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (growing angry)
dialog: But... but wait a minute. We're
dialog: supposed to be different, right?
dialog: Clifford says... This theatre is
dialog: supposed to be different! And this
dialog: play... this play is all about what
dialog: greed and money do to people!
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: I know, but --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (over his line)
dialog: What does Clifford say?
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: Right now we have to be practical.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Does Clifford even know?
dialog: (off his silence)
dialog: You didn't tell him, did you?
dialog: (standing)
dialog: I'm gonna tell him. Where is he?
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: He knows, Frances.
text: She collapses back into her seat. Her head is swirling.
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: (gently)
dialog: He approved it.
text: She's glaring at him. He hands her a letter.
speaker_heading: CLURMAN
dialog: I'm very sorry, but... well, Hollywood
dialog: wants you back, right?
text: Her eyes fill with rage. She hurls her drink in his face.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Prick!
text: He stands and, with as much dignity as he can muster, leaves.
text: Frances is shaking. She rips open the letter he gave her.
text: Stares at it in horror...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BOOKIE JOINT - DAY
text: Plain room. A few tables with phones, men on the phones
text: writing down numbers. Behind them are blackboards with horses'
text: names and prices. Off to one side Harry is conferring with
speaker_heading: the OWNER.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Of course it can be done, "Mr. Jones,"
dialog: but it's how you do it. There's a
dialog: way to pay off L.A. cops and a way
dialog: to get yourself arrested. First you
dialog: gotta know who to approach --
text: A Man at one of the phones looks up, calls.
speaker_heading: MAN AT PHONE
dialog: You Harry York?
text: Harry nods, startled. The Man at the table holds up the phone
text: and goes to his next call.
text: Harry takes the phone.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ODETS' APARTMENT - NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: Frances on the phone. A half-packed bag lies on the bed. A
text: bottle and glass sit beside her. She's been crying and
dialog: drinking.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Harry? Harry, where are you?!
speaker_heading: HARRY (V.O.)
dialog: Jesus, Frances, how'd you find me?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I called your god-damned office! I
dialog: want you to kill him, Harry. You'll
dialog: do that for me, won't you? I loved
dialog: him, I loved him... that bastard.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BOOKIE'S OFFICE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Calm down, Frances.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: Don't tell me what to do, just give
dialog: me his head on a platter!
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ODETS' APARTMENT - NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: Frances unfolds the crumpled letter Clurman gave her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Two lines! Two fucking lines! 'My
dialog: wife returns from Europe tomorrow. I
dialog: can't see you any more.' Just like
dialog: that!
speaker_heading: HARRY (V.O.)
dialog: Frances...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Harry, I hate being in love. I don't
dialog: ever want to be in love again. I
dialog: just hate it!
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BOOKIE JOINT - DAY
text: With the patter of the bookie taking bets beside him, Harry
text: listens to Frances' sobs.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I know, Frances... I know.
text: He HEARS a CLICK on the other end. He hangs up and heaves a
text: long slow sigh.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SOUND STAGE - FLOWING GOLD SET - DAY
text: Frances, in a pair of overalls, falls face down into mud.
scene_heading: INT. SOUND STAGE - FLOWING GOLD SET - LATER
text: We SEE the slate: 'Flowing Gold', Scene 31A, Take 11... then
text: the same action is repeated from a slightly different angle.
text: Next to her is an old car, its wheels mired in mud.
scene_heading: INT. SOUND STAGE - FLOWING GOLD SET - LATER
text: Slate: Take 12. She falls again, this time splattering mud
text: all over her face and hair. She lies still for a moment,
text: gritting her teeth.
text: Sitting comfortably in a nearby director's chair is a DIRECTOR
text: reading Daily Variety. The headline reads: "STUDIO WINS FARMER
text: WAR ON HOLLYWOOD." Behind the Director, off to one side,
text: stands Bebe. The A.D. tugs on the Director's sleeve:
dialog: A.D.
dialog: How was that?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Good, good. One more time.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (standing)
dialog: For God's sake... why?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Because we want to get it perfect...
dialog: just the right combination of fury
dialog: and confusion. You can understand
dialog: that, can't you, Miss Farmer? We're
dialog: serious artists here, right? Right.
text: The Director glances toward Bebe, who nods with satisfaction.
text: Frances watches this interaction. She hesitates, then
text: approaches Bebe. She wipes some mud from her face and drops
text: it at her feet.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Look, Mr. Bebe, you can hold me to
dialog: my contract, but you can't break me.
dialog: I'm back, and I'm gonna make the
dialog: best of it.
speaker_heading: BEBE
dialog: (somewhat snidely)
dialog: I'd like nothing better.
text: She turns and walks, with an air of pride, to her wardrobe
dialog: trailer.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEGANT BEACHFRONT HOME - NIGHT
text: Lights everywhere. Cars line the driveway. We HEAR the SOUND
text: of a large party.
text: A car pulls up. BOB BARNES gets out, goes around to open the
text: door for Frances. She's exhausted. She doesn't move.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Well... come on.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: This is a mistake. No. This is a
dialog: disaster.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Come on, it's just what you need!
dialog: Let everyone see you. Talk to them,
dialog: live it up!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (tiredly)
dialog: But we've been at it since six this
dialog: morning. At least you could've let
dialog: me go home and change.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Look, Frances, I didn't want this
dialog: job. Think I'm crazy? But you begged
dialog: me: improve your image. So please...
dialog: lemme try, huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (getting out)
dialog: You're right. I'm sorry.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Okay, let's go get 'em.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (taking pills from
dialog: pocket)
dialog: Here, take a few of these. Studio
dialog: makes 'em in the basement. They keep
dialog: the fat off.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (joking)
dialog: So not only am I a troublesome bitch,
dialog: but I'm fat too?
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Come on. They make you feel nice and
text: peppy.
text: She nods, takes a few. They head for the door.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - ENTRY HALL - NIGHT
text: The DOORBELL CHIMES. The hostess, CONNIE, a pleasant-looking
text: woman, answers the door.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Hi! Bob Barnes! Looks like a swell
dialog: party!
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Frances!
text: As they embrace, Frances looks around with trepidation:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: God, who's here?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (also whispering)
dialog: The usual vermin, I'm afraid.
text: Barnes tries to pull Frances inside.
text: She sees a flurry of waiting faces. Everyone's watching her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sotto voice)
dialog: Get me a drink.
text: Barnes nods, concerned, and crosses to the bar.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Hi everybody.
text: Some people seem amused, some curious, some scornful. The
text: Director from the mud scene nods to her. Connie is at her
text: side for support. A voice from somewhere pierces the chatter:
speaker_heading: SNIDE VOICE
dialog: So nice to have you back, Frances.
text: As Barnes returns with her drink, she turns to Connie:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Connie, can I use the upstairs
dialog: bathroom?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Later. Frances lies in a bubblebath, relaxing, sipping her
text: drink. She obviously feels a lot better. Someone knocks.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Come in.
text: A FAT MAN ENTERS, stares at her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (relaxed)
dialog: Hi.
text: He is dumbfounded. He slowly retreats into the hall.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Barnes is talking to a Young Man whom we recognize as the
text: reporter who tricked Frances in New York.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: You wouldn't believe the offers!
dialog: Just piling in. I mean piling. Some
dialog: of the best scripts I've read in
dialog: years!
speaker_heading: YOUNG REPORTER
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yes? My employer will be glad to
dialog: hear that.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Louella? Is she here?
speaker_heading: YOUNG REPORTER
dialog: How could you miss her?
text: He nods toward a hard-faced OLDER WOMAN surrounded by
dialog: admirers.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Louella's here and I'm talking to
dialog: you?
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: We SEE the open door to the bathroom. Frances, with a towel
text: around her, is going through Connie's closet. Barnes KNOCKS.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Frances?
text: (enters, sees her)
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Refill my drink, will you, Bob?
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: What're you doing?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
text: Putting on my armor.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Come on, Frances. Louella Parsons is
dialog: here. She wants to talk to you, help
dialog: you out.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (musing)
dialog: Louella... didn't she call me a
dialog: spoiled little bitch?
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Come on, she's an important columnist!
dialog: What's the matter? I thought you
dialog: wanted these people to forgive you.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: 'Forgive'...? For What?
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: I'm sorry... that was an unfortunate
dialog: choice of words.
text: Frances pulls down a dress and inspects it.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You're not kidding.
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Get me a refill, Bob. I'll be down
text: in a minute.
text: He nods and retreats out the door.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Everyone chattering away... then hushing slightly. Heads
text: turn: Frances is descending the stairway in one of Connie's
text: dresses. She looks absolutely radiant... like some kind of
dialog: goddess.
text: Barnes, looking very pleased at her appearance and the others'
text: reaction, hands her the drink.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thank you.
text: Then the Young Reporter steps forward.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REPORTER
dialog: (his callow youth act)
dialog: Gee, awful good to see ya again,
dialog: Miss Farmer.
text: Frances bristles. Barnes looks on nervously: It's all becoming
text: unravelled again.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REPORTER
dialog: My employer would like to know
dialog: something very important: is it true
dialog: your friend Clifford sleeps in the
dialog: nude?
text: Frances is broiling. She stares at him. Under her steady
text: gaze, the snide smile gradually fades from his face.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You seem like an intelligent young
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REPORTER
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Can't you find a more dignified way
dialog: to make a living?
text: He blanches. This hits home. Frances turns on her heel and
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Frances rushes out, followed by Barnes and a few curious
text: partygoers. She is very upset. Tight. Holding it in. Barnes
text: pleads with her, tries to stop her, but she leaps in the car
text: and speeds off, spewing gravel over him. The partygoers salute
text: her with their drinks.
scene_heading: EXT. A CLIFFSIDE COCKTAIL LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: In the pale moonlight we SEE the dim outline of a poster
text: tacked to the outside wall. The highway disappears down to
text: the sea glittering dully in the distance. We HEAR the RISING
text: SOUND of an approaching car. Its headlights crest the hill,
text: illuminating the poster, showing a woman driving an open
text: car, seated beside the outline of a familiar mustached figure.
dialog: The poster reads, "When You're Riding Alone, You're Riding
text: with Hitler." The lights grow brighter, almost blinding. The
text: car, accelerating furiously, flashes by. Then we HEAR a
text: motorcycle start up. It emerges from the blackness and speeds
text: off in pursuit. A roadsign reads: "Dimout Zone."
text: Frances drives fast, tears running her face.
text: The MOTORCYCLE COP pulls up alongside and shouts, "Pull over!"
text: She hesitates. He waves insistently. Gradually she slows. He
text: gets off his bike and walks over, preparing the usual lecture.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Okay...
text: He leans over the car and sees Frances, her hair wild and
dialog: tangled.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (a come-on)
dialog: Hey, where's the fire, sister?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: In my eyes, officer.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Cool off, beautiful. Didn't you see
dialog: the sign says "Dimout Zone?"
dialog: (switching off her
dialog: lights)
dialog: There's a war on, you know?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Come on. You're seriously trying to
dialog: tell me the Japs can't find Los
dialog: Angeles without my headlights?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (testy)
dialog: I didn't make the law, lady. I just
dialog: enforce it.
text: She switches her headlights back on.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: God, you bore me.
text: She starts the car. The Cop, angry now, lunges in and grabs
dialog: the keys.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Don't touch me!
text: She leaps out of the car. The Cop turns off the car lights.
text: As Frances passes his motorcycle, she switches on its lights.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Hey!
text: He runs after her, turning off the motorcycle lights on the
text: way. When he catches her, he grabs her arm. She struggles,
text: grabs the flashlight from his belt. She switches it on and
text: holds it high, its beam spearing wildly out to sea. He lunges
text: for it, knocks her down. They struggle. He rolls on top of
text: her, pinning both her arms with one hand... trying to handcuff
text: her. She writhes, knees him in the balls. She crawls away,
text: desperately clawing at loose stones. The Cop, angry now,
text: hurls her down again and manages to get the cuffs on. As
text: they dig into her wrists, she tries to bite him. The Cop,
text: winded from the battle, yanks her to her feet and drags her,
text: kicking and screaming, to his motorcycle. He pulls out his
text: radio mike.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (panting)
dialog: Santa Monica, this is motor six-sixty-
dialog: six. I got a live one here.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE BALCONY - DAY
text: CLOSE ON front page of the Los Angeles Times, October 1942.
text: The headlines read: "24 Jap Ships Sunk", "Errol Flynn Sex
dialog: Trial Delayed", "Frances Farmer Arrested on Drunk Driving
dialog: Charge -- Actress Gets $250 Fine and Six Months Probation."
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to show several newspapers spread out on
text: the balcony of Frances' beach house. As the papers ruffle in
text: the wind, a little kitten swipes at them.
text: Frances sits in the sun writing in her diary, the same one
text: we saw at the opening of the film. A man's shoes COME INTO
speaker_heading: VIEW.
speaker_heading: HARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Got any ginger beer?
text: She turns, surprised and pleased to see him.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Take a look.
text: He walks off into the kitchen. She puts her diary away.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (calling)
dialog: How the hell do you find me anyway?
speaker_heading: HARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Animal magnetism!
dialog: (she laughs)
dialog: No ginger beer. What's this red stuff?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What's left of my blood.
speaker_heading: HARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Think I'll have a glass.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Help yourself. Everyone else has.
text: Harry returns, sipping the drink.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Very tasty.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Nice joint. Can you afford it?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Nope. The studio pays. Thank you,
dialog: Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: For not chopping off his head and
text: serving it to me on a platter.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, I would have, you know? I just
dialog: didn't know how to cook it.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Six months' probation...? You gotta
dialog: learn when to do battle, Farmer.
dialog: You're not going to win many bouts
text: with 200 pound cops.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I took the early rounds.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I'll bet.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't know. It hurts, Harry. Some
dialog: things, no matter what you do with
dialog: them, they just hurt.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: So you drink, and you fight with a
dialog: cop...?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah, and you look at people and you
dialog: wonder who the hell they are, what's
text: going on inside their heads. Sometimes
dialog: you can hear it, like a buzzing, the
text: things that happen in their heads.
dialog: And you wonder: does anybody ever
dialog: love anybody, really?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Beats me.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I gotta get outta here. I gotta get
dialog: out of this town.
text: We see a thought come to him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey look, I got some business down
dialog: in San Diego. Whattaya say you come
dialog: with me, stay a few days?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, Harry, I can't --
dialog: (right now)
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You're coming.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. SAN DIEGO BAR - NIGHT
text: Waterfront bar, full of SAILORS, WHORES, and HEAVY DRINKERS.
text: Hanging over the bar is San Diego paraphernalia.
text: Frances and Harry sit at a table. Heavy boozing has led to
dialog: philosophizing:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You know... when I started acting,
dialog: you know what I wanted?
text: He grunts: what?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I just wanted to be part of
dialog: something... one thing, one play or
dialog: one movie, something that was really
dialog: fine... memorable. And I could say:
dialog: I did that, I made something good.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well... to get a crack at something
dialog: good, you gotta earn it, you gotta
dialog: climb the ladder first. So you do,
dialog: you work hard, and all these people
dialog: behind you are pushing you up,
dialog: shouting you on. And then one day
dialog: you realize you are, you're at the
dialog: top... and there's nothing there.
dialog: And you look behind you and there's
dialog: no one below. You're just left there
text: all alone... swaying in the god-damned
dialog: breeze.
text: In the background, we SEE a DRUNKEN SAILOR lurching toward
dialog: their table.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, like the man said: "You can
dialog: make a fresh start with your last
dialog: breath."
text: The Sailor trips and falls across their table, spilling beer
text: on Frances and knocking things over.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Hey, watch it.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: (eyeing her
dialog: suggestively)
dialog: Watch what?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Get away from me, you foul slime.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: That's no way for a lady to talk.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Take a walk, pal.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Who said I was a lady?
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Sorry I insulted you... bitch.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Ahhh, go eat a toilet seat.
text: The Sailor goes berserk, takes a swing at Frances. Harry
text: leaps in to protect her, starts to fight with the Sailor.
text: Frances joins in; she's not going to let anyone fight her
text: battles. The Sailor's BUDDY enters the fracas. Everyone's
text: getting hit. As the melee continues we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRANCES' BEACH HOUSE - DAY
text: A cab pulls up. Frances gets out. She looks weary and has a
text: bruise on her cheek. A car is parked in the driveway. She
text: frowns at it, shrugs, and carries her suitcase toward the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - DAY
text: She enters with her bags, then drops them, stunned. The house
text: is stripped bare. A MAN holding a measuring tape comes out
dialog: of the bedroom.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What happened? Who're you?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Who're you?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I live here.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You're Farmer? Oh... Well, look,
dialog: they took your stuff out. Moved it
dialog: to some hotel, I think.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I'm preparin' it for the next tenant,
dialog: he's coming in tomorrow.
text: Frances stares at him, dumbfounded.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - DAY
text: Frances on the phone. Boxes spread out, their contents strewn
text: over the floor, tables, etc. Frances is going through various
text: piles, again and again, looking for something...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: God damn it, god damn it...
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, I'll wait, I'm waiting...
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: I don't believe this. They can't do
dialog: this to me!
text: She takes a long drink, sifts through a pile, then throws it
text: on the bed in disgust. We HEAR a voice on the phone.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Barnes? It's my diary! They stole my
dialog: fucking diary! Find it, will you?
dialog: Find it! God damn it, that's my life!
text: She slams down the phone.
scene_heading: INT. STAGE - MOVIE SET - DAY
text: The crew is idle and the Director paces, muttering:
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Never. Never again. I swear, I swear
dialog: I will never work with this broad --
text: Frances, looking pretty hung-over, enters blithely.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: You're four hours late! It's insane!
dialog: It's unprofessional!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'd say I'm behaving as professionally
dialog: as anyone else in this town.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Where were you?!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Terribly, terribly sorry; I overslept.
dialog: What's the name of this fine
dialog: entertainment we're all so involved
dialog: in?
text: The Director clenches his fists as though about to punch
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
text: (looking blearly at
dialog: the slate)
dialog: Oh yes. "No Escape." That's it.
text: There's no escape.
text: She walks to her dressing room as the Director explodes anew.
scene_heading: INT. FRANCES' DRESSING ROOM - DAY
text: Small, cramped; not like the earlier one we saw. The
text: Hairdresser -- whom we recognize as Tora, the woman who cut
text: Bebe's hair -- stands waiting, holding her brushes and looking
text: vexed. Frances enters.
speaker_heading: TORA
dialog: It's about time! You're not the star
dialog: on this show, y'know!
text: Frances sits. Tora begins brushing her hair, yanking Frances'
text: head back with each stroke. Building tension...
speaker_heading: TORA
dialog: Of course, it's not up to me to say
dialog: anything. I'm just crew... Y'know,
dialog: you hair's so fine you'll lose it if
dialog: you're not careful. Wonder you all
dialog: don't, the things you do to
dialog: yourselves. In fact, I think you are
dialog: already... Fact, I think you better --
text: Frances cries out and twists around suddenly. Tora is thrown
text: back: stumbling... falling... hitting her jaw against a chair.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: That's it! I'm not taking this any
dialog: more! I quit!
text: She storms out. Tora is left moaning, holding her jaw.
scene_heading: INT. STAGE - MOVIE SET - DAY
text: Frances marches across it. Everyone stares.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Goodbye!... goodbye!... goodbye!...
text: When she reaches the exit door, she turns and bows to them
dialog: all, grandiloquently.
scene_heading: INT. FRANCES' HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: She's snoring in bed. Face down, spread-eagled. The light is
text: on. A whiskey bottle (three-quarters empty), a tumbler (three-
text: quarters full), and a bottle of pills sit on the night table.
text: The phone RINGS. She winces, groans, tries to open her eyes
text: then squeezes them together: hung over. Her arm flails out,
text: finds the light and turns it off.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Shit.
text: The phone keeps RINGING. Her arm gropes for it.
text: A loud POUNDING at the door.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What the hell's going on here?
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Hold on!
dialog: (answering phone)
dialog: Hello...
dialog: (we HEAR a dial tone)
dialog: Hello?
text: The POUNDING at the door becomes violent. Someone's breaking
dialog: it down.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Hey!
text: The door splinters.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What...? Help!
text: Men stream into the room. Back-lit from the hall they look
text: like monsters, phantoms. They're carrying sticks.
text: Frances screams and runs naked into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Don't kill me! Don't kill me!
text: She slams the door on the advancing figures.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Frances leans her weight against the door.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Mama, help me, help me, Mama! Don't
dialog: let them kill me!
text: It's too much for her. She's shoved back, falling to the
text: floor. The door flies open revealing THREE LARGE COPS. Leering
text: at her. Frances clutches at the shower curtain, trying to
dialog: cover herself.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Get your clothes on.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (crying)
dialog: You have no right! You have no fucking
dialog: right, you bastards! Get the hell
dialog: out of here --
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Get your clothes on, lady --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: GET OUT!
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: You're under arrest.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MONICA POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: Frances is being led to the booking desk. All around her
text: Photographers snap her picture, and Reporters walk alongside
text: subjecting her to a never-ending barrage of questions. Frances
text: just smokes a cigarette and smiles grimly at the dour-faced
text: SERGEANT facing her.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't believe this! You jerks drag
dialog: me down here in the middle of the
dialog: night and you don't even know who
dialog: the hell I am!
text: The Photographers laugh.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Age?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Fifteen.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (bristling)
dialog: Address?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Just put me down as a avg -- a vagrant
dialog: vagabond. Come on, this is a joke!
dialog: Assault and battery? I barely touched
dialog: that bitch!
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Occupation?
text: Frances considers for a moment, then smiles matter-of-factly.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Cocksucker.
text: The Sergeant reddens. Frances laughs as the Photographers
dialog: snap their shots.
scene_heading: INT. WOMEN'S JAIL - CELL BLOCK - NIGHT
text: TWO MATRONS escort Frances to her cell. She shakes their
text: hands off her arms and enters. They slide the door shut.
text: Photographers press up to the bars. Frances calls after the
dialog: matrons.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Hey! I'd like to leave a wake-up
dialog: call for say, ten? Hey! I'll have my
dialog: bread and water in bed!
text: Frances looks disgustedly at the Photographers and lies down
text: heavily on the cot.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Hey Frances! Why don't you comb your
dialog: hair, okay?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...Take me the way I am.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Frances, looking disheveled, dazed, and over-tired from a
text: sleepless night in jail, stands alone before the JUDGE. Next
text: to the PROSECUTOR sits Tora, her jaw heavily bandaged, glaring
text: at Frances. The spectator's section is packed.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: ...Is that not true?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Who's writing this guy's lines?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Answer the question! Have you driven
dialog: a car since you were placed on
dialog: probation?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, I couldn't get my hands on one.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Have you reported to your Probation
dialog: Officer as directed?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I never saw him. Why didn't he show
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Did you expect him to look you up?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Why, certainly. I wanted to get a
text: peek at his face...
text: Suppressed laughter ripples through the courtroom.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You're on your way to a contempt
dialog: citation, young lady.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: That's fine with me...
dialog: (turning to spectators)
dialog: Get it? Fine. A fine! Hey c'mon,
dialog: c'mon, what is this, an audience or
dialog: a jury?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Miss Farmer, is it true you fought
dialog: with the policeman who arrested you
dialog: last night?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Sure it's true. I was fighting for
dialog: my country as well as myself.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Miss Farmer, you were advised at the
dialog: last hearing that if you took one
dialog: drink of liquor or failed to be a
dialog: law-abiding citizen --
text: Frances moves closer to the bench.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Are you telling me you didn't have a
dialog: little rum in your pineapple juice
dialog: this morning? I can smell it from
dialog: here, Your Honor.
text: The courtroom erupts into surprised laughter.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: That's enough!
text: Frances laughs triumphantly and spears the air with her
text: finger, pointing at the Judge.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It's the truth! I can smell it from
dialog: here -- you old hypocrite!
text: The laughter grows. The Judge bangs his gavel.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Miss Farmer! In light of your flagrant
dialog: disregard for the conditions of your
dialog: probation, coupled with the
text: unwarranted assault on the Plaintiff
dialog: here... I am forced to order you to
dialog: begin serving a sentence of 180 days
text: in the County Jail.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Fine!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: You are a deeply troubled young
dialog: lady... I only hope you change your
text: course before it's too late.
text: The Judge pounds his gavel. Frances is about to say something
text: when suddenly the realization of what's happening hits her.
text: The Judge is leaving the bench. A REPORTER runs out of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (frightened now)
dialog: Wait a minute... I haven't got a
dialog: lawyer...
text: The Judge ignores this.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: What I want to know is do I have any
dialog: civil rights?
text: The Judge closes his chambers door behind him. Frances turns
text: slowly. The Matrons are coming toward her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I want to make a phone call...
text: She lunges at the Matrons, trying to get past them.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I have a right to make a phone call!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE COURTROOM - A ROW OF PHONE BOOTHS - DAY
text: The Reporter is phoning in his story. The hallway is
text: pandemonium.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: (from his notes)
dialog: "The kleig-lighted road to fame and
text: fortune is strewn with heartbreak
dialog: and despair. Today film star Frances
text: Farmer, tarnished by alcohol and
dialog: drugs" -- 'm I going too fast for
dialog: ya?
text: In the next phone booth we SEE Harry listening to the
text: Reporter's spiel. He regards the confusion around him with
text: calm eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTROOM DOORS - DAY
text: They burst open. The Matrons and Two Cops come out carrying
text: Frances. Reporters and Photographers rush past her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: They're stealing my civil rights!
dialog: Help me! I'm being kidnapped! Oh
dialog: God, help me! Help me!
text: She suddenly sees the phone booths. Her eyes fill with tears,
text: her shoulders slump forward and her lower lip begins to
text: tremble. She no longer struggles.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (to a Matron)
dialog: Haven't you ever had a broken heart?
text: The Matron relaxes her grip and gives Frances a handkerchief.
text: Frances dabs at her eyes... wraps the kerchief around her
text: knuckles... and slugs the Matron in the jaw, sending her
text: sprawling. Frances runs to the phones.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Oh my God, she's loose!
text: Frances throws herself at the door of the booth. The Reporter
dialog: is delirious with joy: what a story!
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: She's attacking your correspondent!
dialog: Right here in the Court Building!
dialog: Good God, this bitch is crazy! Someone
dialog: stop her!
text: Frances pounds at the door a few more times, then moves to
text: the next booth... into the arms of Harry.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Harry!
text: Harry shakes his head. Before he can speak, Frances is grabbed
text: from behind and dragged toward the elevator.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I have a right! I have a right!
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: With what must surely be the final
text: act of madness, the curtain falls on
dialog: Frances Farmer's once promising
text: career. The crazed blonde who at
dialog: 27...
text: Harry opens the door to his booth. The Reporter looks up at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Hold it a second, Bub...
text: Harry says not a word, but punches the Reporter hard in the
text: face. The Reporter sags, out like a light. In the confusion,
text: no one has noticed a thing. Harry pulls the door shut.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Frances is sitting in a wooden chair. The venetian blinds
text: over the tall windows are almost completely closed. The room
text: is dim and terribly quiet. A WOMAN is murmuring something to
text: a kindly-looking JUDGE. Another MAN is standing beside her.
text: Frances can't quite make out the words.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: ...and we feel that this would be
dialog: more appropriate.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: ...a difficult decision, but, I'm
dialog: sure, the proper one.
text: He nods to the other Man who, together with the Woman, turn
text: away from the bench. As they pass in front of one of the
text: tall windows, Frances recognizes the Woman. It is Alma Styles.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What?
text: She feels an arm slip around her shoulders and she stiffens.
text: Her mother's face appears by hers.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: It's alright now, little sister,
dialog: everything's going to be just fine.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Mama, what's...
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Shhh, shhh. You're not going to jail,
dialog: Frances. The Judge has put you under
dialog: my care. I'll see you get the rest
dialog: you need.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You're taking me home!
text: Two other WOMEN appear at either side of Frances and Lillian.
text: Lillian tenderly takes her daughter's face in her hands.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: First things first, little sister.
dialog: Trust me.
text: She kisses Frances on the forehead. Frances looks at the two
text: Women. They are smiling understandingly at Lillian. Frances
text: looks a little alarmed.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE DRIVE - DAY
text: A wood-panelled station wagon turns the corner of a tree-
text: lined road and heads up toward tall wrought-iron gates. On a
text: white-washed wall are black letters: "MEADOW WOOD CONVALESCENT
text: HOME". The Station wagon, a similar sign on its door, pulls
text: up. The gates swing slowly open, and it travels up a long
text: tree-lined driveway. As it goes by, we see Frances sitting
text: in the back seat between Lillian and one of the Women from
text: the previous scene.
text: The car heads up toward a large Spanish-style building set
text: back among some trees.
scene_heading: INT. A SMALL OFFICE - DAY
text: Frances sits in front of a desk nervously smoking a cigarette.
text: Lillian stands at a window looking out at a broad expanse of
text: well-manicured lawn ending at a row of oaks in the distance.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Why it's beautiful here! What a view!
text: Lillian smiles enthusiastically at Frances, who stares
text: accusingly back: she's not falling for that.
text: An awkward moment of silence. Lillian fidgets, doesn't know
text: what to say. She is rescued when the door opens and DR.
text: SYMINGTON (early 30s, glasses, white coat and ingratiating
text: smile) enters. He holds his right hand out to Frances.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Good afternoon, Miss Farmer. I'm Dr.
dialog: Symington.
text: Frances stares at the proffered hand. Lillian steps in quickly
dialog: and takes it.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Good afternoon, Doctor.
text: The Doctor winks at Frances and puts a hand on Lillian's
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: I'm very pleased to meet you, Mrs.
dialog: Farmer. I'm sure we'll have more of
dialog: a chance to talk later. Right now I
dialog: think it's important that your
dialog: daughter have a chance to settle in.
dialog: Perhaps it would be best if you said
dialog: your goodbyes here.
text: He smiles pleasantly. Lillian is obviously very put off by
text: the idea. She looks at Frances who stares unseeingly out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Oh. Well, I have some background
dialog: that you should probably know about
dialog: if you're...
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: I have no doubt, Mrs. Farmer. If
dialog: you'll speak to the girl at the desk,
dialog: she'll arrange an appointment.
text: He goes to the door and opens it. Lillian is momentarily at
text: a loss, but she acquiesces. She bends down and tightly hugs
text: Frances, who pats her on the back a couple of times.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I'll be back real soon, little sister.
dialog: You be a good girl.
text: She waits for a reply and then, getting none, starts out the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (staring out window)
dialog: Mama!
text: Lillian turns back expectantly.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (warningly)
dialog: ...I want to go home, Mama.
text: Lillian looks to the Doctor, who nods sympathetically at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: You'll see, little sister. Everything
dialog: will be fine. The doctors know best.
text: She goes out and down the hall. The Doctor closes the door.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: I find these initial meetings to be
dialog: much easier without the concerned
text: relatives in attendance.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Am I supposed to say 'thank you'?
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Thanks are hardly necessary.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Aw, shucks, ma'am. T'weren't nothin'.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: I'm glad to see you haven't lost
dialog: your sense of humor.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It ain't for lack of trying.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: So it seems. May we be serious for a
dialog: moment?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (seductively)
dialog: Why, Doctor! We've only just met!
text: He reddens ever so slightly and looks away.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: I feel I've known you for a long
dialog: time... you see, I've followed your
dialog: career... you're a fascinating case...
dialog: I'm looking forward to resolving
dialog: your predicament.
text: Frances' face begins to set in hard planes.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh! Are you really?
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Among persons such as yourself,
dialog: creative people under great stress,
dialog: erratic behavior is not at all
dialog: uncommon and certainly nothing to be
dialog: ashamed of. It's just that the
dialog: neuroses which fuel your talent can
dialog: also generate certain character
dialog: disabilities which...
dialog: (can cripple your
dialog: ability to function...)
text: He stops as Frances rises and leans over his desk:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Do you expect me, for one moment, to
dialog: believe you have greater insight
dialog: into my personality than I do?
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Please sit down...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You may discuss my predicament,
dialog: Doctor. You may discuss it with anyone
dialog: you like, but not with me. I'm not
dialog: interested. I can solve my problems
dialog: without recourse to a veternarian.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Besides, I don't want to be what you
dialog: want to make me.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: And what's that?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Normal. Average.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: All right. Will you please sit down
dialog: now?
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Symington says.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...Did you really say that?
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Just a little joke, Miss Farmer.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: This whole thing is a joke!
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Stay calm, please.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, you stay calm, Doctor! But you're
dialog: finding that difficult, aren't you?
dialog: (soft, seductive)
dialog: Why, are you attracted to me? Perhaps
dialog: later, in some of our more intimate
dialog: sessions... after we know each other
dialog: a little better...
dialog: (turning harder)
dialog: and you've torn my personality to
dialog: shreds, and I'm weeping and
dialog: vulnerable...
dialog: (very hard)
dialog: then you'll really get your kicks,
dialog: won't you, "Doctor?"
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: I'll have someone show you to your
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh, that's good, very professional.
text: In control. But the tiny beads of
dialog: sweat on your upper lip give you
dialog: away.
text: Symington stares at her. With a careful, almost scientific
text: gesture he moves thumb and forefinger over his lip, then
text: rubs the two fingers together. Yes, there is sweat.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: You really should get some rest now.
dialog: Nurse will meet you outside. Good
dialog: day.
text: He pushes a button on his desk and reaches for a folder.
text: Frances hasn't moved. She gazes at him evenly.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Is there something else?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You didn't say 'Symington says'.
text: His eyes are very calm now, he smiles at her patronizingly.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Symington says.
scene_heading: INT. FRANCES' ROOM - DAY
text: Small, white, spartan and rather pleasant. Lillian is standing
text: by the window, testing the locks. She turns and goes to the
text: bed, fussing with the pillow, seeming very uncomfortable.
text: She pulls at the corners of the mattress.
text: The door opens and a tall, sullen-looking MATRON walks in.
text: Lillian doesn't pay much attention to her.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Not much on hospital corners, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MATRON
dialog: You Farmer?
text: Something in her tone makes Lillian look up. The Matron closes
text: the door behind her and advances. Lillian assumes her full
dialog: height.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Frances is walking with a NURSE. They pass a variety of other
text: patients, some of whom look old or beaten but few of whom
text: seem overtly crazy.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: So this is the nuthouse...
text: The Nurse smiles confidentially at her.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Honey... take my word for it. This
dialog: is a resort.
text: They get to the door and HEAR Lillian's protesting voice:
speaker_heading: LILLIAN (O.S.)
dialog: You have no right!
text: They enter and SEE the Matron struggling to get Lillian's
text: coat away from her. Lillian pleads with Frances.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Tell them who I am! Tell them who I
dialog: am!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Are you crazy? Unhand that woman!
dialog: That's Amelia Earhart!
text: Frances bursts out laughing. The Matron releases Lillian and
dialog: comes for Frances.
scene_heading: INT. FRANCES' ROOM - DAY CLOSE-UP OF A HYPODERMIC NEEDLE
text: A little fluid squirts out the tip.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (O.S.)
dialog: But what is it?
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK TO REVEAL Frances strapped down on a white
text: cot. The Nurse is holding the syringe while a THIN NURSE and
text: an ATTENDANT stand by.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You've got to tell me what it is!
speaker_heading: THIN NURSE
dialog: It's insulin. It throws your body
text: into shock.
text: Frances looks at her suspiciously, uncertain whether to
text: believe this, and turns toward the Nurse with the hypodermic.
scene_heading: NURSE WITH HYPO
dialog: (reassuringly)
dialog: It's just vitamins.
text: This sounds more reasonable. Frances relaxes somewhat.
scene_heading: NURSE WITH HYPO
dialog: A, C, B-Complex, certain minerals...
dialog: (inserting hypo)
dialog: Just stay relaxed... Good, now open
dialog: your mouth a sec.
text: Frances does. The Attendant jams a rubber bar between her
text: teeth. Frances squirms, fights. The Attendant holds the bar
text: in place. And the Nurse pushes the plunger on the hypo.
text: Frances goes rigid. Her eyes widen, her back arches. With a
text: loud hoarse cry she starts to convulse. The SCREEN BEGINS TO
text: FADE into bright white light. She is unconscious. The SCREEN
text: IS NOW BLANK.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - MEADOW WOOD - DAY
text: Frances sits beside Lillian on a bench. Other patients with
text: ground privileges wander aimlessly about.
text: There is an open carpet bag at Lillian's feet and, in her
text: lap, a bundle of letters and telegrams that she's showing to
text: Frances. Frances seems restless.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: ...and here's the one from Duluth. A
dialog: war widow with five children. She
dialog: works in a defense plant and she's
dialog: very worried about you. I answered
dialog: her that she shouldn't let worry
dialog: over you affect her vital work; and
dialog: that you'd be back on the silver
text: screen in no time.
text: She hands it to Frances, who lets it drop beside her on the
dialog: bench.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: And here's one from nice Mr. Zeiss.
dialog: He says that...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Why are these all opened?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Well, they needed immediate answers,
dialog: Frances. It's good manners and good
dialog: sense. You shouldn't be bothering
dialog: yourself with these right now.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Then why did you bring them?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: It's your fan mail, little sister.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (looking off, under
dialog: her breath)
dialog: You kill me, Mama.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Go on...
text: Frances sighs. She looks for something to divert her
dialog: attention.
scene_heading: INT. SYMINGTON'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Frances is alone in the room. The door is ajar. She's standing
text: over Symington's desk, which is empty except for a doodle
text: pad. The doodle she's looking at is extremely bizarre,
text: sadistic... After a moment, Symington ENTERS holding several
text: folders. Frances' manner changes very subtly.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: ...I'm sorry to keep you waiting,
dialog: the staff review ran over. Did you
dialog: enjoy your mother's visit?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: Yes. It was very good to see her.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Really? Any problems?
text: Symington puts the folders in a drawer. All except Frances'.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Not at all. She brought me my fan
dialog: mail.
dialog: (a performance)
dialog: I had no idea there were so many
dialog: strangers concerned about me. But I
dialog: guess that's the best thing about
dialog: working in the movies. You make so
dialog: many friends. I want to go back and
dialog: show them that the faith they put in
dialog: me wasn't a mistake.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: You're telling me you feel guilty.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (slightly edgy)
dialog: No... What I mean is... I'm just
dialog: very excited by the prospect of
dialog: getting on with my life, that's all.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Do you really believe your mother's
dialog: trying to kill you?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: She told me you said, "Mama, you
dialog: want to kill me."
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I never said... Oh look. That's just
text: a figure of speech. She said something
dialog: funny, and I said...
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: And you accused her of tampering
dialog: with your mail.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh for Christ's...
text: Frances is wrapping and unwrapping a handkerchief around her
text: knuckles. Looks a little crazy. Symington's watching it. She
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm sorry. She misunderstood, that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: But you tell me you had a pleasant
dialog: visit and your mother says you were
text: sullen and uncommunicative. Whom do
dialog: you think I should believe?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Doctor, I hate to break this to you,
dialog: but my mother is a little batty.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Frances, you're still filled with
dialog: anxiety. You feel guilty and hostile
dialog: toward your family and friends.
dialog: Consequently, I didn't recommend
dialog: your release at the staff review.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You what?
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Mental illness is an elusive thing,
dialog: and though I'm pleased you're feeling
dialog: more... capable, it's perhaps
dialog: unrealistic to expect you to be
dialog: completely cured after so short a
dialog: time. Don't you agree?
text: Frances stares at him. Stunned. Horrified.
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I'm sure you'll see it my way in the
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Dr. Symington, how big is your dick?
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: 'Cause if it's long enough, which I
dialog: doubt, why don't you wrap it around
dialog: and fuck yourself in the ass!
text: Symington smiles patronizingly.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I want outta here, you understand?
dialog: I'm ready to get out! So you go back
dialog: there... you go back and you tell
dialog: them to let me out!
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Frances, I'm warning you...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, I'm warning you! Who do you think
dialog: you are, God? You bumble around with
dialog: your folders...
text: (she knocks her folder
dialog: to the floor)
dialog: ...and your pencils...
dialog: (she grabs some pencils
text: and throws them at
dialog: him)
dialog: ...and your god-damn buttons...
dialog: (she pounds on the
dialog: inter-com; a voice
dialog: says, 'Yes, Doctor?')
dialog: ...all your badges of authority! But
dialog: you have no authority! You're nothing!
dialog: You're a zero!
text: She tears open the door. Two huge ORDERLIES are waiting.
text: Frances tries to barrel past, but they easily restrain her.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Doc?
text: Symington sits forward, his hands smoothing his hair.
text: Frances smiles sarcastically at him:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Symington says...
speaker_heading: SYMINGTON
dialog: (tonelessly)
dialog: Sedate her.
text: They haul her away.
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOW WOOD CONVALESCENT HOME - DAY
text: A few PATIENTS stroll about, visiting with relatives. Frances
text: lies on a chaise lounge. She's wearing a robe and dark
text: glasses, a big hat, and she seems to be sleeping. THE CAMERA
text: APPROACHES. Her hair is a mess, her skin splotchy. And
text: something is moving: her hand... one finger on one hand is
text: moving in agitated little bursts. We realize she is not
dialog: sleeping at all...
speaker_heading: HARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Hi there. How 'bout a walk in the
dialog: woods?
text: She looks to one side and sees him. Frowns. Takes off her
text: glasses and runs her fingers nervously through her hair.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh my God, I look awful.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: You've looked a whole lot better.
dialog: C'mon.
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOW WOOD GROUNDS - DAY
text: Frances and Harry walking in a relatively secluded area. She
text: glances around continuously... suspiciously.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: They're doin' stuff to me, Harry.
dialog: Can you see it? You feel it? They're
dialog: putting stuff in my food or something,
dialog: my water, and they're using it to
dialog: put thoughts in my head. You
dialog: understand? They're trying to re-
dialog: arrange what's in my head, they're
dialog: trying to drive me crazy! Oh, Harry!
text: She breaks down and weeps on Harry's shoulder. Harry looks
text: around warily.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I can't stay here anymore, you
dialog: understand? I can't, I can't. I gotta
dialog: get home. I gotta get somewhere else,
dialog: anywhere, okay?
text: Harry nods, squeezes her arm firmly -- a warning -- as a
text: white-coated ATTENDANT APPROACHES. Frances straightens up.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Oh, Miss Farmer! Time for your bath,
dialog: Miss Farmer!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (urgent whisper)
dialog: Listen: to the left. Straight through
dialog: the trees and over the wall to your
dialog: left. My car is there.
text: The Attendant reaches them.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (as if to a child)
dialog: It's time for your bath!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh good. I love my baths.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Come along now.
text: Frances starts to move off with the Attendant. For an instant
dialog: Harry -- and we -- wonder if she really is crazy.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Frances! Did you hear what I said?
text: She turns. The Attendant turns. She smiles sweetly, madly.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Of course, Harry.
text: The Attendant is between her and Harry. We SEE her face turn
text: dark. She shoves the Attendant toward Harry and shouts:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Over the walls!
text: She runs. The Attendant staggers toward Harry, who knocks
text: him down with two punches. ANOTHER ATTENDANT runs up. Harry
text: whips out an icepick and brandishes it at them:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You want crazy? I'll show you crazy!
text: The Attendants hold their ground. Harry runs after Frances.
scene_heading: EXT. GROVE OF TREES - DAY
text: Frances and Harry crash through bushes, come to a high wall.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (offering to lift her)
dialog: Here.
text: Frances hugs him tightly, kisses him. He lifts her by the
text: waist, and she grabs the top of the wall and hauls herself
text: up. Harry joins her. We SEE, over the wall, a Lincoln Zephyr
text: waiting on a dirt road. Harry and Frances jump down as we
text: HEAR the Two Attendants burst through the underbrush and
text: haul themselves up. As their heads pop over the top of the
text: wall, they see the Lincoln disappearing down the road in a
text: cloud of dust...
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - DUSK - DAY
text: Harry, eyes bleary and shoulders hunched, tries to concentrate
text: on the road ahead. The RADIO DRONES quietly, a lazy saxophone
text: ballad. After a while, there's movement in the back seat and
text: Frances sits up. She yawns and stretches as Harry watches
text: her in the mirror.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: Evening, gorgeous.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (yawning)
dialog: That sure looks like fun...
dialog: (leaning over front
dialog: seat)
dialog: You know how long it's been since I
dialog: was behind the wheel?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Forget it, Frances. You're not
dialog: driving.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Have I told you how mean you're
dialog: turning, York?
text: Harry smiles. Frances climbs over the seat and starts to
dialog: fiddle with the radio.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Where are we, mean man?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Couple hours from Idaho. We'll cut
dialog: across to Montana. I've got friends
text: there with a ranch.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I should've known...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: This is another one of your schemes
dialog: to get me off alone...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: ...Take advantage of me.
text: Harry laughs.
text: They pass a poster: "BUY WAR BONDS!" Frances stares at it.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't think I'd be much good in a
dialog: war...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Whattaya think you're in now?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: I don't know. Not a war exactly.
dialog: It's more a... a misapprehension
dialog: maybe...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
text: A misunderstanding, people taking
dialog: the wrong meaning from things. I
dialog: wasn't declaring war, Harry. I was
dialog: just saying my prayers.
text: Harry looks at her quizzically.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Who to?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Harry, I have to go home. I have to
dialog: talk to Mama.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Frances, you're fulla drugs. You
dialog: don't know what you're saying. Who
dialog: do you think put you into Meadow
dialog: Wood? Your mother thinks you're crazy
dialog: and she'll keep on thinking it as
dialog: long as it suits her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: No, she just didn't want me going to
dialog: jail, that's all.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yeah? She's a shark, Frances. I'm
dialog: not taking you there, and that's
dialog: that!
text: She rubs his neck and his attitude seems to soften.
text: She looks at him fondly, thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You know something, Harry?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Aside from meanness, you're almost
dialog: perfect. There's only one other thing
dialog: wrong with you.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You can't drink.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Lincoln is parked beside a few other cars.
scene_heading: INT. ROADHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Frances and Harry sit at a table cluttered with empty glasses.
text: The JUKEBOX PLAYS, a few COUPLES dance. Frances is gulping
text: down a tall Scotch.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (wincing/grinning)
dialog: Ohhh, that's lousy Scotch!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (calling drunkenly)
dialog: Hey! Another shot for the lady and a
dialog: double for me!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What a man!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey, you're a good quarter-horse,
dialog: kid, but you can't go a route of
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (hoisting her glass)
dialog: To quarter-horses.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: No. To thoroughbreds.
text: He knocks back his drink.
speaker_heading: THE JUKEBOX
text: A hand puts a nickel in, and we HEAR Bing Crosby singing
text: "Love Is So Terrific." We PAN across the dance floor, where
text: Harry and Frances are dancing.
speaker_heading: BING'S VOICE
dialog: Love is so terrific Such a funny
dialog: feeling Makes you want to cuddle And
dialog: coo...
text: Frances squeals with delight when she hears the song. She
text: holds Harry forcefully and starts to lead him around the
text: floor. Harry starts to sing along:
scene_heading: BING &amp; HARRY
dialog: Makes you sentimental, Makes you
dialog: kinda gentle Ouch!
dialog: (Frances pinches Harry)
dialog: Terrific thing.
text: Around them an infection is spreading: all the women are
text: leading their men. For an instant it is magical, liberating...
text: She leans her head against his shoulder.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Why are you always leaving me, Harry?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You should stickaround sometimes.
dialog: Look out for me.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Look, Frances, I'm only gonna ask
dialog: this one time. I mean it. I swear
dialog: after this, I'll never ask again:
dialog: Will you marry me?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: I know a thing or two about marriage.
dialog: You... you understand me more than
dialog: anyone, Harry... maybe even more
dialog: than Mama. But... you're too important
dialog: to me. I'd fail you. I don't know
dialog: how or why, but I would. And that's
dialog: a chance I just can't take. Do you
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (a bitter smile)
dialog: Well... I'll act like I do until I
dialog: do.
text: They are silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: There's just one more thing.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Will you marry me?
text: She laughs happily. He joins her, but his seems a little
dialog: forced.
text: She leans her head on his shoulder and holds him tight. They
dialog: dance...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. FARMER HOUSE - SEATTLE - DAY
text: The Lincoln, Harry at the wheel, drives up and stops. Harry
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It's not too late to keep going, up
dialog: to Vancouver? Be the smartest thing.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thanks, Harry, really, but... I can't
dialog: explain it. She's my mother. She's
dialog: just... I can't give up on her that
dialog: easy.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You give up on her?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah. It's just... something I gotta
dialog: do, I guess.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (smiling warmly)
dialog: Frances, You're crazy.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I know. Don't tell anyone.
text: He laughs. We SEE Lillian come out onto the porch with
text: uncharacteristic trepidation.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Anyway... if you need me...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: I got your number, Mister Man.
text: She gets out, waves to him, and walks toward the house. Harry
text: drives off. As Frances reaches the top step, Lillian suddenly
text: opens her arms:
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (nervous, forced)
dialog: Welcome home, little sister.
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOUSE - DAY
text: Frances and Lillian enter. On the sofa sits Alma Styles.
text: Alma and Lillian seem slightly furtive. Caught in the act.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well, who have we here...?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: Frances, you remember my lawyer,
dialog: Alma Styles?
speaker_heading: STYLES
dialog: Hello, Frances. You seem to be having
dialog: quite a time of it.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I called Alma because I think we'll
dialog: need...
speaker_heading: STYLES
dialog: Frances, the doctors at Meadow Wood
dialog: have petitioned the court for your
dialog: return. Your mother has asked me to
dialog: intervene so you can stay here.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I swear I didn't know what they were
dialog: doing to you. I wouldn't have let
dialog: them...
text: She bursts into tears. Frances takes her in her arms and
text: rocks her like a child.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It's okay, Mama. It's okay.
speaker_heading: STYLES
dialog: You realize, of course, your mother
dialog: is now your legal guardian. In the
dialog: eyes of the law, you no longer have
dialog: any rights as an adult. You're going
dialog: to have to hold your tongue and be
dialog: selective about whom you mix with.
dialog: That man who drove you here, for
dialog: instance --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You leave him out of this!
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Frances, please don't...
speaker_heading: STYLES
dialog: Never mind. We won't have to worry
text: about him much longer.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN - END OF FRANCES' STREET - DAY
text: Harry pulls up at a stop sign. He rubs his forehead wearily
text: as a car crosses the intersection. It stops dead in front of
text: him. Another pulls up alongside. Another behind. Harry thinks
text: about this. His hand slides down slowly under the seat. We
text: SEE the handle of his ice pick. Harry turns to smile at the
text: MAN in the next car. The Man flashes an FBI badge, points
dialog: revolver:
speaker_heading: FBI MAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: How ya doin', Al?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You got the wrong guy. Name's Slocum.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN
dialog: No, it ain't. And it ain't Harry
dialog: York, neither.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Look, I'm tellin' you...
text: The FBI Man pulls the hammer back on the revolver. ANOTHER
text: MAN opens the passenger door.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN
dialog: I'd give you till ten, Al, but we
dialog: ain't got the time.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS
text: Judge Hillier walking... out of the chamber and down a
text: corridor. His stride is long, his demeanor purposeful. The
text: corridor leads into a courtroom. Harry standing at attention.
text: We hear Hillier climb onto the bench and be introduced by
text: the court official. Harry stares up at the judge.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: Alvin Hanson, a.k.a. Ronald Burns,
dialog: Thomas Slocum, Harry York... Mr.
dialog: Hanson, this warrant has been
dialog: outstanding for many years. Normally
dialog: that circumstance would prompt me
dialog: toward leniency, but the crime you
dialog: committed -- inciting to riot -- and
dialog: the cause you sought to promote -- a
dialog: worker's rebellion -- are such
dialog: anathemas to this court that I feel
dialog: compelled to mete out the full
dialog: sentence. I only wish it were longer.
dialog: (slamming gavel)
text: Six months in the state penitentiary.
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOUSE - DAY
text: Frances sits at the piano playing "You Are My Sunshine".
text: Lillian is lounging on the couch, leafing happily through
dialog: her scrapbook.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Frances, play 'Flow Gently Sweet
dialog: Afton'.
text: Frances' brows mesh.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh Mama, I'm so... tired of that
dialog: song.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Please. I want you to. It would make
dialog: me so happy.
text: Frances sighs and begins to play it. Lillian scrunches down
text: and begins to hum along.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
text: It's just a flow gently sweet Afton
dialog: day. Life has been so good to me.
dialog: Why, I have just about everything
dialog: one could wish... but I still have
dialog: so many blank pages in my scrapbook.
text: She smiles warmly at Frances. Frances abruptly stops playing.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I think I need a little air.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Nothing. I think I'll just go out
dialog: for awhile.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: For a walk, Mama. Just a walk.
text: She gets up and Lillian rouses herself.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: How long will you be?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Not long.
text: Frances goes down the hall for her coat. Lillian follows
dialog: part way.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I'll have lunch ready by one.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'll be back.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: At one. Promise?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Sure.
text: Frances returns wearing the coat. Lillian half-blocking her
dialog: path.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Say you promise.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I promise I'll... I promise, Mama.
text: Lillian nods, moves aside. As Frances heads for the door:
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: You know, the surest way to lose an
dialog: appetite, is to drink, little sister.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: Yes, Mama.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I don't want you drinking, Frances.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yes, Mama.
text: Lillian enters and re-establishes herself on the couch with
text: a happy smile. She begins to hum "Flow Gently Sweet Afton"
scene_heading: INT. FLEA-BAG HOTEL LOBBY - DAY
text: DERELICTS sleep on broken couches and armchairs. In a corner
text: by a pay phone Ernest Farmer sits at a rickety desk piled
text: high with briefs. Frances sits across from him. They've been
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...So what do you think?
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: I don't know, honey. Your mother has
dialog: such big plans for you.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I know that, Dad, but --
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: What you have to understand, Francie,
dialog: is that she... well... she wanted so
dialog: much for herself too, and for me,
dialog: and she never really got to... The
dialog: only time I ever saw her happy was
dialog: if her name was in the papers... but
dialog: she could have been... if times were
dialog: different she could have been a
dialog: politician or... I don't know.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But Dad, I'm asking about me. What
dialog: do you think I should do?
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Well, Francie, sometimes after you
dialog: get your hands on something you want,
dialog: it just doesn't look the same. Then
dialog: you have to be real smart to know if
dialog: you should hold onto it because it's
dialog: all you've got... or just let it go.
dialog: This is the way of things, but I
dialog: guess you already know that.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Dad... whatever I decide, will it be
dialog: okay with you?
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Always. Always.
text: Frances rises from her chair, looking around the room to
text: hide her tears. Ernest rises too.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: I'm sorry, I... I don't have a desk
dialog: in my room, and...
dialog: (it's not a proper
dialog: office)
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't care, Dad. I love you.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: I love you too, Francie.
text: They look at each other across the desk for an uncomfortable
text: moment, then Frances slowly leaves. He looks sadly after
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. FLEA-BAG HOTEL - DAY
text: Frances exits and starts across the road. Ernest comes to
text: the window to watch her leave. It is raining and the water
text: on the glass distorts his view.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOUSE - FRANCES' ROOM - DAY
text: Lillian is straightening up Frances' room, rearranging things
text: to suit herself. She hears the door slam downstairs.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (O.S.)
dialog: I'm back, Mama.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (coming into hall)
dialog: Oh Frances, do I have news for you!
dialog: Guess who --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Wait, Mama, wait. I have something
dialog: to tell you. I've decided... well...
dialog: I'm not going to make movies anymore.
dialog: I thought that's what I wanted, and
dialog: I went after it with all my soul,
dialog: the way you taught me, but I was
dialog: miserable, Mama, and it nearly killed
dialog: me. So now... now it's over. I want
dialog: a different kind of life, something...
dialog: simple. I want to live someplace
dialog: quiet and peaceful... in the country
dialog: maybe, and I'll have dogs and cats --
dialog: I feel so light suddenly, so clear
dialog: for the first time in... It's going
dialog: to be okay, Mama, I know it. And I
dialog: love you.
text: She goes to hug her mother, but Lillian has changed. Frances'
dialog: news has chilled her.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (coming down stairs)
dialog: Don't... talk crazy.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Mama...?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (entering living room)
dialog: They want you back! Your agent called
dialog: today! Don't you understand? He's
dialog: sending the scripts. He wants to fly
dialog: up here in a week with the publicity
dialog: people! Frances, you can't do this
dialog: to your fans! Why, they've been
dialog: praying for you all through this
dialog: nightmare. You can't turn your back
dialog: on them now! Look at this fan mail
dialog: I've been answering!
text: She points to a stack of letters on the table.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Haven't you heard what I said?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I told him to come up! I told him
dialog: you wanted to show them all that
dialog: there's nothing wrong with you any
dialog: more, that you're completely cured!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm not cured. I was never sick!
dialog: They had no business putting me in
dialog: there! My only responsibility is to
dialog: myself now!
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: You... you selfish, selfish child.
dialog: At least talk to him, hear what he
dialog: has to say.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: You want to throw it all away, is
dialog: that it? You had everything, little
dialog: sister. Beauty... a brilliant
dialog: career... a wonderful husband. You
dialog: were a movie star!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Mama, shut up!
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: And now you're throwing everything
dialog: away? You're gonna be a nobody!
dialog: Nobody! You know what that's like?!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sudden realization)
dialog: You... You'd send me back, wouldn't
dialog: you? You would.
text: Frances grabs her coat.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm going out!
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: You're not going anywhere!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yes, I am, and you can't stop me!
dialog: You can't tell me what to do, mother.
dialog: I'm a grown woman, and I can decide
dialog: about my own life.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Frances!
text: They're wrestling, Lillian trying to prevent her from leaving.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Don't you try and stop me. Don't you
dialog: dare!
text: She grabs Lillian's wrists and twists them, throws her back.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: If you follow me, Mama, I swear I'll
dialog: fucking kill you!
text: Frances storms out. Lillian sits back in the chair, suddenly
text: looking very old. She massages her wrists...
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: That's it. You've done it now, little
dialog: sister.
scene_heading: INT. LARGE OFFICE - DAY
text: Dark. Blinds drawn. We SEE a single light with a green shade,
text: HEAR the soft coo of Lillian's voice. The CAMERA SHIFTS
text: gradually onto her earnest face.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: All my life, I've tried to live up
dialog: to my parents' example. To have the
dialog: independence of mind and fortitude
dialog: of spirit that have made this country
dialog: great. I taught that to Frances:
dialog: Speak out. Aspire. Make something of
dialog: yourself, something --
dialog: (to be proud of)
speaker_heading: DR. DOYLE
dialog: (bored)
dialog: Yes, yes, Mrs. Farmer --
speaker_heading: ALMA STYLES
dialog: Frances has always been a
text: battleground, Lillian.
text: DR. DOYLE, a psychiatrist, and the others are seated with
text: Judge Hillier around a table.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: The point is: it's your opinion that
dialog: Frances is getting steadily worse?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Well... yes.
text: Doyle fills in a line on the printed form before him.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: And you feel you're unable to control
dialog: her any longer?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: No... I mean, yes, Doctor.
text: Alma holds up Lillian's bruised wrists as evidence.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: And the only course open to you is
dialog: to commit your daughter for a period
dialog: of time to a mental institution?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Well, Alma told me that...
text: Alma looks coolly at Lillian.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: ...Yes.
text: Hillier nods slightly, approvingly, toward Alma.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (closing his folder)
dialog: I believe that's all I need to know
dialog: about Miss Farmer.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: I think in all future documents she
dialog: should be referred to as Mrs. R. H.
dialog: Richardson.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Her married name?
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: Yes. It's less recognizable. I'm
dialog: sure you'd prefer to keep unpleasant
dialog: publicity to a minimum.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: ...Oh yes.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: Now. Can you tell us where we might
dialog: find Frances?
scene_heading: INT. DOWNTOWN SEATTLE BAR - NIGHT
text: It's late. Frances stands at the bar acting out a joke for a
text: small audience of devoted DRINKERS.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
text: ...Looking for a drink, and the town
text: is deserted, he can't understand it.
text: Finally he finds a bar, goes in --
text: the place is empty, bartender's
dialog: closing up. Salesman says, 'Gimme a
dialog: martini.' Bartender's real nervous,
dialog: he says, 'No, no, no, I gotta close.
dialog: Big Otis is coming to town.'
text: Behind them is a large window covered by a gauzy curtain. In
text: the street a police car cruises slowly past.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Salesman says, 'I don't care. I gotta
dialog: have a martini.' So the bartender
text: fixes him a martini real fast, grabs
text: his money, and runs out the back.
text: Salesman sits there sipping his
dialog: martini,... he's got the bar all to
text: himself... Then he hears it. This
text: big roaring in the street.
dialog: RRRAAAAAAA!!!
dialog: (stomping her feet)
text: Gigantic footsteps... coming closer.
dialog: Stopping.
text: We SEE the police car again... It stops out front.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
text: Enormous hands reach in, grab the
text: swinging doors and rip them off their
text: hinges. This huge man stomps in.
text: Picks up a chair and hurls it over
text: the bar, smashing the mirror --
text: whiskey and glass flying everywhere.
text: TWO COPS appear at the window, looking in.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: He turns to the salesman: 'What the
dialog: hell're you doing in here!' Salesman
dialog: says, 'I'm just drinking a martini.'
dialog: 'Oh yeah?' the guy says. 'Well you
dialog: better get outa here! Big Otis is
dialog: coming to town!'
text: Everyone laughs. A long moment of enjoyment. Then Frances
text: turns, looks out the window and sees the cops.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hillier behind the bench. Doyle sits at a table with Alma
text: Styles. A COURT RECORDER taps out his notes in an odd, jerky
dialog: style. (NOTE: This scene is INTERCUT, where appropriate,
text: with shots of FRANCES in a bare room, wearing a strait
dialog: jacket.)
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: ...From her history, it's apparent
dialog: the patient suffers from a paranoid
dialog: reaction with pronounced egotism.
dialog: Her violent responses have recently
dialog: included aggression against her
text: mother. In view of the deep-seated
dialog: nature of her ailments and her failure
dialog: to respond satisfactorily to insulin
dialog: shock, it is my opinion she may
dialog: ultimately require permanent
dialog: institutional care.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: (to Styles)
dialog: Counsellor, as Guardian ad litem for
dialog: Mrs. Richardson, do you waive jury
dialog: trial?
speaker_heading: STYLES
dialog: Yes, your Honor.
text: She signs a paper which is passed to Hillier.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: Having heard the testimony of a
dialog: legally qualified and reputable
dialog: physician... and being further
dialog: satisfied of the truth of all matters
dialog: set forth in the certificates of
dialog: said physician, I do hereby order
dialog: that the said Mrs. R. H. Richardson,
dialog: an insane person, be confined to the
dialog: Western State Hospital for the Insane
text: at Steilacoom.
text: He bangs his gavel.
speaker_heading: HILLIER
dialog: So ordered! Are the gentlemen from
dialog: Steilacoom present?
scene_heading: EXT. STEILACOOM - DAY
text: Huge, dark-red brick buildings with barred windows, loom out
text: of the fog and trees. A van pulls up to the front entrance.
text: Two MEN get out, open the back doors and assist Frances out.
text: She is strapped into a strait-jacket. She yells and struggles
text: violently but a piercing SCREAM stops her. She looks up at
dialog: the building.
text: From a top floor window, a thin, white hand protrudes from
text: the bars and waves "hello".
scene_heading: INT. STEILACOOM HALLWAY - DAY
text: Frances is dragged kicking and screaming down the shiny
text: linoleum-covered hallway. There are many patients here,
text: talking to imaginary birds, laughing at unheard jokes. A few
text: of them notice Frances, most do not. The two Orderlies arrive
text: at a door and throw it open. A bare 6'10' room is revealed
text: with a narrow cot and no windows. Frances is pushed inside
text: and the door locks shut with a resounding click.
scene_heading: INT. TREATMENT ROOM - DAY
text: A MEDICAL STUDENT wheels a small electrical machine up to a
text: table. On the table Frances is securely strapped down. TWO
text: DOCTORS grease Frances' temples and put two metal electrodes
text: on them. The electrodes are connected to the machine.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR #1
dialog: What's she getting, anyway?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR #2
dialog: Standard series to start.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR #1
dialog: Fifteen?
text: Doctor #2 nods and jams a rubber bar into Frances' mouth.
text: The Medical Student steps forward.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Can I push the button on this one?
text: Doctor #1 shoots a silent query to Doctor #2.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR #2
dialog: Sure.
text: The Medical Student pushes the button with great gravity.
text: Frances' body immediately begins to convulse. It seems as if
dialog: it will never stop.
scene_heading: INT. STEILACOOM - A WOMAN'S WARD - DAY
text: Beds three inches apart. Women patients lie on them in varying
text: stages of madness and decay. Some are bound to their beds
text: with coarse cloth strips. One bed is empty, the bonds chewed
text: through. We find Frances sitting on the floor staring at a
text: hissing radiator. Her lips are caked with blood. Her eyes
text: are glazed. She is dreaming. Or remembering...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: FRANCES ACTING (HER MEMORY)
text: A scene from one of her movies or plays. Soundless. She looks
text: radiant, vivacious, alive...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. STEILACOOM - THE HYDRO-THERAPY ROOM - DAY
text: A NURSE ushers Frances and two ATTENDANTS into a sparse tiled
text: room with dilapidated plumbing and fungus growing between
text: the tiles. In the center are three steel baths with hammocks
text: suspended above them. The Attendants strap Frances into a
text: bath as Dr. Doyle enters.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (speaking with
dialog: difficulty)
dialog: Doctor, it may sound odd, but I
dialog: believe I've profited from my stay
dialog: here. It's just what I've needed, to
dialog: get away like this. But I'm
dialog: recuperated now. I've had lots of
dialog: time to think and I've made a few
dialog: decisions about my life. I'm ready
dialog: to get on with it.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I know you believe that.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...Don't you?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I'm afraid not. You see, we observe
dialog: things that you're unaware of: signs,
dialog: indicators. Your problem cuts very
dialog: deep, Frances, and we have to get at
dialog: that deeper stuff so that when you
dialog: do get out, you'll really feel secure.
dialog: Does that make sense?
text: The Attendants lower her into the empty tub.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No. Cut this runaround, Doctor. I
dialog: know better.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Listen to yourself, Frances. The
dialog: resistance, the anger in your voice.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (tightly)
dialog: You... I'm sorry, forgive me. Doctor,
dialog: tell me honestly, what do I have to
dialog: do to get out of here?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Be patient, that's all. Take an
dialog: interest in your treatment and don't
dialog: dwell on your resentments. You'll be
dialog: yourself again, I assure you.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...I see.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: We'll talk more about this. I'll see
dialog: you later.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: One question. If I'm not myself now,
dialog: just who do you think I am?
text: The Doctor smiles sympathetically.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: We'll talk.
text: As he turns to leave, Frances laughs triumphantly. The two
text: Attendants lower her into the bath and begin to fill it with
dialog: ice-cold water.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What the hell!
text: They shove a rubber bit between her teeth. She immediately
text: spits it out and defiantly starts to sing in order to keep
text: her teeth from chattering.
scene_heading: INT. STEILACOOM - DINING HALL - DAY
text: Everyone eating gruel. A parade of lunatics. The edge of
text: incipient violence is palpable. Frances eats listlessly.
text: Others are playing with their food, devouring it ravenously,
text: fondling each other. Suddenly a call starts up at the far
text: end of the hall. Other voices join in. At first we don't
text: understand it, but gradually the words become clear:
speaker_heading: CHANT
dialog: Come and get it! Come and get it!
dialog: Come and get it!
text: The whole hall joins in. The Nurses make no effort to stop
text: it. Others at Frances' table smile at her, try to push her
text: to her feet. When they succeed, the hall breaks into applause
text: and a new chaotic chant:
speaker_heading: CHANT
dialog: We want Frances! We want Frances!
text: The chant is quickly silenced by hushing sounds. Everyone is
text: watching Frances. She climbs up on her bench. Her eyes are
text: glazed, her face expressionless. This feels like some kind
text: of automatic behavior. She takes an exaggerated posture and
text: speaks in almost a whisper:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Come and get it...
text: The hall breaks into riotous applause, catcalls, stomping.
text: Frances climbs down from her bench. That was the entire
dialog: performance.
scene_heading: EXT. STEILACOOM - NIGHT
text: Two dark FIGURES move stealthily along the shadow of the
text: main building. A little ways ahead, a door opens, sending a
text: shaft of light across the ground. The two Men duck back into
text: the shadows. Five young SOLDIERS EXIT, paying off and waving
text: goodbye to one of the Orderlies. The door closes. They head
text: off down the road laughing and joking together.
text: The two Men emerge from the shadows and approach the door.
text: They try the handle. It opens. The first one in is Harry,
text: followed by the other Man carrying a rolled-up bundle.
scene_heading: INT. STEILACOOM - NIGHT
text: We SEE Harry and the other Man, now wearing a white Doctor's
text: coat, walking quickly down a dim hallway. They come to a
text: large door with a barred window. The Man fiddles with a
text: keyring and unlocks the door. They enter. We HEAR the door
text: lock behind them.
scene_heading: INT. WARD - NIGHT
text: Just inside the door the Doctor flicks on a flashlight and
text: they walk down the center of the room. The beam of light
text: sweeps over women PATIENTS in their cots, crammed side-by-
text: side. Some are asleep, others stare blankly at the ceiling.
text: A few smile invitingly at the two Men, whispering obscenities.
text: The light falls on a bedraggled woman hunched over in a corner
text: between the wall and a cot. It is Frances. Harry goes to
text: her, putting his arms around her. She is very heavily sedated.
text: Tears spring to Harry's eyes.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Frances! Frances!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Frances, it's me, Harry?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...Touch me again and I'll kill you,
dialog: you pig.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Watch out, Harry. Let me look her
dialog: over.
text: Harry is on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, God! Let's get her out of here
dialog: tonight, right now! Let's take her
dialog: with us!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: The hearing's tomorrow. If she gets
dialog: out legally, they can't come after
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Look at her! She'll never pass that
dialog: sanity test tomorrow...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I'm taking care of that, Harry. Just
dialog: hold her.
dialog: (pulling a hypodermic
dialog: from his pocket)
dialog: Reserpine. I guarantee you this'll
dialog: clear her head. She'll wake up feeling
dialog: smart and sailright through the
dialog: hearing.
text: Harry holds her around the shoulders and straightens out her
text: arm. Frances starts to struggle and moan loudly.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Yeah... she knows about these. Shut
dialog: her up.
text: Harry glares at the Doctor, but puts a hand over her mouth
text: and the Doctor injects her. Her arm is covered with sores.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: You'll be okay, honey. He's just
dialog: givin' you something to make you
dialog: think, so that tomorrow you can tell
dialog: 'em what they want to hear, okay?
dialog: Tell 'em you were crazy as a loon
dialog: and they cured you and you're
dialog: grateful.
text: The Doctor withdraws the hypo and massages her arm.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: This stuff takes pretty quick. Let's
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (grabbing Harry)
dialog: Please! Take me!
text: Other women in the ward cry out: "Take me! Take me!!"
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (pulling Harry)
dialog: Let's get out of here! I'll lose my
dialog: job!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Frances, we gotta do it this way.
dialog: Just remember tomorrow, remember
dialog: what I told you. What're you gonna
dialog: tell 'em?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (groggily)
dialog: I'm grateful... grateful.
scene_heading: WOMEN IN WARD
dialog: I'm grateful! I'm grateful!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (very worried)
dialog: Harry!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I gotta go now.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Harry, please!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The two Men come out and the Doctor quickly locks the door.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: We're all square now, Harry. Right?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: All square, Doc.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Good. 'Cause I don't want to see you
dialog: again.
text: Frances' face appears at the tiny barred window. We can just
dialog: hear her:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I love you, Harry. I love you.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I love you too, Frances.
text: Behind Frances we HEAR the Women screaming: "I love you,
text: Harry!" The Doctor takes Harry's arm and pulls him down the
dialog: corridor.
scene_heading: INT. WARD - NIGHT
text: Frances turns to face the women in their cots. Collects
text: herself. Looks repentant. She is practicing tomorrow's speech.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I realize now that I was a very sick
dialog: woman.
scene_heading: WOMEN IN WARD
dialog: Sick! She's sick!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I couldn't relate to others in a
dialog: normal way.
speaker_heading: ONE PATIENT
dialog: (playful warning)
dialog: She's... not... normal...!
text: The others laugh. We realize that if Frances can handle this,
text: she can sail through it tomorrow. The catcalls gradually
text: diminish as she concludes her speech.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: And I was not taking responsibility
dialog: for my actions. But now, thanks to
dialog: your treatment, I feel ready to face
dialog: myself, ready to resume the career
dialog: which I so single-handedly shattered.
dialog: I only hope... I hope I can make you
dialog: all proud of me. Thank you. Thank
dialog: you so much.
text: The room is silent now. A very odd moment. To their
text: astonishment, the other patients seem to believe her...
scene_heading: EXT. FARMER HOUSE - SUNNY DAY
text: The vegetable garden is overgrown, the paint peeling. The
text: house is in disrepair, but we can tell from the freshly-mowed
dialog: lawn that some effort has recently been made...
text: A car pulls up. Frances kisses Ernest on the cheek and gets
text: out. As he drives off, she walks into the yard and looks
text: around, heaves a sigh; she's home. Then Christmas lights
text: spring on over the porch. Lillian comes out grinning broadly,
text: followed by REPORTERS. Frances blanches.
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOUSE - DAY
text: Frances sits on the couch next to Lillian. They're sipping
text: tea and answering questions. Frances is uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Of course, she hasn't anything
dialog: definite in mind.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No. No, it all depends on what offers
dialog: I get.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Who did your hair, Frances?
text: She touches it shyly. It's swept up in a continental style.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well, I like to try different styles.
dialog: Sometimes if you're old-fashioned
dialog: enough, you find you're modern. Right,
dialog: Mama?
text: Lillian laughs.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What do you think of all this, Mrs.
dialog: Farmer?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: It's a miracle. Just a miracle.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The porch light goes out. Shadows pass over the curtained
text: windows. Across the street a match flares. Harry is leaning
text: against a tree. He lights a cigarette and settles back to
dialog: wait.
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lillian walks from room to room turning off lights. Frances
text: is neatly stacking the dessert dishes on a tray. Very
text: domestic, out of character. She carries the tray into the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Oh, just leave those things for now.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, Mama, I'll take care of it. I'll
dialog: wash them in the morning.
text: Lillian smiles warmly at her.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: You know, little sister, I never
dialog: resented you for refusing to see me
dialog: in the... the hospital. I knew you
dialog: had to manage on your own before you
dialog: could come back.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thank you for understanding, Mama.
text: Lillian links her arm with Frances' and they go upstairs
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Little sister, I don't want you to
dialog: feel any rush to get back to work. I
dialog: want you to rest... for a while
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I will, I promise.
text: They hug each other.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Good night, dear.
text: Lillian waits until Frances has shut her door before closing
dialog: hers.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The front door opens and Frances, suitcase in hand, slips
text: out onto the porch. She eases the door shut behind her,
text: tiptoes down the steps and, without looking back, starts
text: down the road.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Frances rounds the corner, then sees him: Harry, standing by
text: his car, smiling.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh Harry...
text: She approaches him tentatively.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: This is it, kid. This is our chance.
dialog: When you got a chance, you better
dialog: take it.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah. I don't know.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You don't need to screw around
dialog: anymore. You don't need Dwayne Steele
dialog: or Odets or your mother. You need
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I know, but... There were so many
dialog: people in there, Harry. Every time I
text: turned around someone was pressing
text: against me... watching, looking over
text: my shoulder, touching me, grabbing,
dialog: sticking things into me. When I feel
dialog: somebody near me now... anybody...
text: my skin starts to crawl.
text: Long beat. She turns and stares at him sadly.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You can't change the things they did
dialog: to me, Harry. Only I can do that...
dialog: by myself.
text: He nods slowly.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Been a lot of years, you know. A
dialog: long time waiting. For what? End up
text: feeling like a sap.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Oh please, Harry... don't even think
dialog: it. You're the only person who ever...
dialog: It's just... Can't you wait for me?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (getting frantic)
dialog: Yes you do. If you love me you can
dialog: wait, right? A month, six months,
dialog: whatever it takes.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Right. Except... time has a way of --
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No, Harry, it's not time, it's us.
dialog: You and me. And I'm telling you now
dialog: that I'll come to you, okay? I'll
dialog: find you. I will.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (smiles wistfully)
dialog: I hope so, Frances.
text: They hug. Together for an instant. Then she shivers as if
dialog: the contact were too much.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (disentangling)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: He nods, looks at her.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'll be seeing you, kid.
text: He turns and walks slowly to his car.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAWN
text: Barren desert. The middle of nowhere. A lone male HITCHHIKER,
text: poor, stands at a crossroads. A car coming the wrong direction
text: raises dust along the highway. It slows, stops, and lets
text: Frances out. She is now dressed in jeans and a workshirt.
text: She has a heavy tan.
text: She glances across at the Hitchhiker and nods casually. He
text: responds in kind. A relaxed silence follows. Two strangers
text: passing. His voice, when he speaks, is gentle, calm:
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: Pretty morning.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (nods)
dialog: It's always beautiful at this time.
dialog: Peaceful...
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: And no people.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: Where you goin'?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Wherever they're going, I'm going.
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: Yeah, I know what that's like...
dialog: Where you been?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well, I was picking fruit with some
dialog: migrant workers until...
text: She stops. She sees now that the car heading toward her is a
text: cop car. She averts her face... then tries to hide her
dialog: gesture.
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: What's the matter?
text: Frances sighs as the cop car speeds away.
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: They're looking for you, huh?
text: She's uncertain whether to trust him. Takes the plunge:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: What'd you do?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You know, I've never been able to
dialog: figure that out.
text: He laughs. She shivers slightly, pulls her clothes around
text: her. He takes out a small flask and offers, no strings:
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: I've got a little whiskey here, warm
dialog: you up.
text: She smiles, truly grateful:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thank you.
text: Then she sees a ball of dust nearing... a car on his side.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Wait. Maybe they'll pick you up.
text: The car stops. Its lights flashing. COPS jump out.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: Run!
text: She does. She's pursued. The Hitchhiker makes an effort to
text: impede the Cops' progress, but is tossed aside. The Cops are
text: slowly, inevitably, gaining on her.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL TOWN JAIL - DAY
text: Frances and Ernest walk out the door followed by a portly
text: SHERIFF. He watches them get in Ernest's car and drive off.
text: His expression says very clearly: I'm glad that's over with.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Ernest's at the wheel, Frances at his side. Silence, then:
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Dad...? Why don't you stop at a side
dialog: road and let me out?
text: Ernest writhes slightly with discomfort.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Francie, you know I can't do that.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Why? It's such a simple thing. You
dialog: just let me out and I disappear down
dialog: a road and you never have to see me
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: They'll just catch you again, Francie.
dialog: Besides, your mother will know.
text: We SEE them approaching a side road.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Dad, here! You don't have to stop,
dialog: just slow down. You can tell Mama I
dialog: jumped out. She knows that's the
dialog: kind of thing I'd do. She won't blame
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: But I gave her my word. Besides,
dialog: she's still your legal guardian. My
text: hands are tied.
text: They are nearer the side road.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You know where you're taking me. You
dialog: know what she'll do. Just give me a
dialog: minute, slow down, give me an instant
dialog: for once in your life, please?
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Please, Francie...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Daddy!
text: They pass the side road. It disappears behind them. All the
text: life seems to drain from Frances.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: I'll try to protect you, Francie. I
dialog: will, I'll talk to her. We'll have a
dialog: real talk.
text: Frances buries her face in her hands.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Are you... are you hungry?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I pity us, Dad. I pity us both.
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Lillian is sitting on the couch, waiting. We HEAR A CAR PULL
text: UP outside and stop. Doors slam. Steps come up the walk and
text: onto the porch. The door opens and Frances and Ernest enter.
text: Lillian rises to face her daughter.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Do I go right away or do I have time
dialog: to take a bath?
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I was hoping for a kind word, little
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You were hoping for a kind word?!
dialog: You're my mother! You're supposed to
dialog: nourish me! Support me!
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: I have!
text: Through the window we SEE a white van pull up outside.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No! All you've done is try to break
dialog: my spirit, try to turn me into you!
dialog: But I'm not you, mother, and I never
dialog: will be, and thank god for it!
dialog: (to Ernest)
dialog: That goes for you too! And frankly,
dialog: I don't know how, with the two of
dialog: you, I turned out as sane as I am --
dialog: (to the MEN IN WHITE
dialog: COATS who are at the
dialog: door)
dialog: Wait right there, gentlemen, I'll be
dialog: with you in a minute... and believe
dialog: me, I don't want to stay here one
dialog: second longer than I have to!
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: But I've got to tell you, Lillian,
dialog: that one day before you die, you
dialog: will realize what you've done and
dialog: hang your head in shame. In shame!
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: But what --
dialog: (have I done?)
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No! You're not talking now. You
dialog: listen. You can send me away, Lillian,
dialog: you can pretend I'm crazy and pretend
dialog: I'm still your little girl who can't
dialog: take care of herself, but one thing
dialog: you can't pretend anymore. You can't
dialog: pretend I love you because I don't.
dialog: I can't. Not after what you've done
dialog: to me. Because you see... I'm still
dialog: me... I'm trying real hard all this
dialog: time to be me... and you, 'little
dialog: sister', you haven't been any help
dialog: at all.
dialog: (walking out the door)
dialog: Okay, boys, I'm ready.
text: The way she goes out that door we know she's never coming
dialog: back.
scene_heading: INT. STEILACOOM - VIOLENT WARD - NIGHT
text: The ward is a huge room packed with nearly naked women, their
text: hair cropped very short. The walls are corrugated tin nailed
text: to bare wood framing. The place looks like an enormous tool
text: shed. The SOUND OF GARBLED VOICES and SCREAMING never stops.
dialog: These are the forgotten ones... beyond hope. Everyone here
dialog: has lost any notion of what they might have once been. Their
text: faces are slack, only their eyes glow with an animal ferocity.
text: Some wander aimlessly about, unheeding of others who are
text: pushing, kicking and screaming at them. Many squat in the
text: dirt by the walls, mired in their own urine and excrement,
text: chanting wordlessly to themselves. Some appear lifeless,
text: their prone bodies shoved out of the way. Some women are
text: involved in violent sex with themselves or each other, some
text: in mindless fist-fights. In a far corner we SEE a group of
text: men in various military and medical uniforms, their backs to
text: us, facing the wall, grouped around something. We HEAR their
text: cheering and laughing and joking, slapping each other on the
dialog: back.
text: We SLOWLY MOVE CLOSER and can see over their shoulders the
text: object of their hilarity. It's Frances, lying naked and spread-
text: eagled on the floor. Four hospital ATTENDANTS pin her arms
text: and legs. A SOLDIER, his pants down around his ankles, is
text: squirming violently on top of her. Frances' eyes are open
text: but glazed, her face turned away from her attacker. She is
text: passive and unresisting. She is reciting to herself, over
dialog: and over.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: We shall hear the angels, we shall
dialog: see the whole sky all diamonds...
text: Two of the SOLDIERS, waiting their turn, are smoking
text: cigarettes and chatting idly.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: ...Best deal I ever made. Twenty
dialog: bucks to fuck a fuckin' movie star.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #2
dialog: Yeah, it's worth it I guess.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: What's she saying, anyway?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #2
dialog: Who knows. She's crazy, ain't she?
text: Frances keeps reciting as one rapist gets off. The Soldiers
text: cheer as another quickly takes his place.
scene_heading: EXT. STEILACOOM - DAY
text: A heavy snow is falling. From the corrugated-tin Violent
text: Ward, a thin white hand protrudes from a narrow window to
text: catch a snowflake.
text: As it opens and closes, capturing individual flakes, a VOICE
text: BEGINS TO SING "You Are My Sunshine...". We recognize Frances'
text: voice, still surprisingly strong and steady.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. STEILACOOM - TREATMENT ROOM - DAY
text: TWO NURSES discuss Frances' condition as we SEE, background,
text: that she is getting electroshock treatments from a pair of
dialog: doctors.
speaker_heading: OLDER NURSE
dialog: I don't know why they even bother.
dialog: She's had enough of this to knock
text: sense into a bull elephant.
speaker_heading: YOUNG NURSE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: OLDER NURSE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I checked the files. This one holds
dialog: the record for shock treatments.
dialog: Four hundred seventeen and no end in
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: YOUNG NURSE
dialog: (wincing)
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: OLDER NURSE
dialog: (indicating the doctors)
dialog: Yeah, well, you know doctors. They
dialog: sure hate to use that word.
speaker_heading: YOUNG NURSE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: OLDER NURSE
dialog: 'Incurable.'
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. STEILACOOM - HOLDING WARD - DAY
text: Frances, barely conscious, lies strapped to a bed. Doyle and
text: an ORDERLY approach her. Doyle nods toward her as if to say:
text: that one. He and the Orderly unstrap her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (to Doyle)
dialog: Harry? Oh Harry, I knew you'd come.
dialog: I love you, Harry. I love... Take me
dialog: home, Harry.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: We'll get you home, Frances.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thank you, Harry.
text: She's untied. The Orderly helps her up onto a gurney.
text: She lies down. Doyle nods to the Orderly, who starts pushing
dialog: her.
text: She is wheeled out and down:
speaker_heading: THE HALL
dialog: Past other patients, doctors, etc. We see some of this from
dialog: her point of view.
text: She goes through two swinging doors, down another hall... at
text: the end of which a man opens a door. She is pushed onto a:
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: She is wheeled into a row... between two other patients. In
text: the background we HEAR a voice:
speaker_heading: DR. HARLINGTON (O.S.)
text: One merely inserts the leucotome
text: beneath the eyelid and presses up
text: into the prefrontal lobe, manipulating
dialog: it so as to sever the nervous
dialog: connections between the thalamofrontal
text: radiation and the body of the brain.
text: The lights are bright, on her and the other patients. We
text: cannot see, but we sense, an audience watching.
speaker_heading: DR. HARLINGTON (O.S.)
dialog: Because of the speed and simplicity
dialog: of the operation, I am able, as you
dialog: are seeing, to perform the procedure
dialog: on ten patients in less than a half
dialog: hour.
text: Frances stares up at a fan in the ceiling. It's moving round
text: and round. The voice drones on.
speaker_heading: DR. HARLINGTON (O.S.)
dialog: The operation is completely painless
dialog: and can be performed without any
dialog: sedative whatsoever.
text: We now see vaguely that DR. HARLINGTON has moved to the
text: patient on the adjacent gurney.
speaker_heading: DR. HARLINGTON
dialog: We have always known that this form
dialog: of radical treatment was effective,
dialog: but until now it couldn't be applied
dialog: on a large scale. The old procedure
dialog: required a full day's work by a
dialog: surgical team to perform a single
dialog: operation. In the same time, working
dialog: alone, I can treat fifty.
text: Frances turns and stares mutely, without emotion, at what's
text: happening next to her: the leucotome (an ice-pick-like
text: instrument) is inserted into a woman's eye socket...
speaker_heading: DR. HARLINGTON
dialog: This procedure works best on patients
dialog: with extreme over-reactions to
dialog: emotional stimuli. It can also be
dialog: used as a last resort on those who
text: seem impervious to other forms of
dialog: treatment.
text: The leucotome is then shoved up into the brain and twisted.
speaker_heading: DR. HARLINGTON
dialog: In plain language, my technique severs
dialog: the nerves which give emotional energy
dialog: to ideas. Along with the cure comes
dialog: a loss of affect... a kind of
dialog: emotional flattening...
text: Frances turns away and stares at the fan again. There is
text: something simple and pleasing about its rhythmic whirring...
speaker_heading: DR. HARLINGTON
dialog: ...with diminished creativity and
dialog: imagination. Patients become like
dialog: good solid cake with no icing. But,
dialog: after all, it is their emotions and
text: imaginations that are disturbed.
text: We glimpse the leucotome being withdrawn.
speaker_heading: DR. HARLINGTON
dialog: These patients will soon be leaving
dialog: the hospital.
text: Harlington's face moves vaguely into Frances' view.
speaker_heading: DR. HARLINGTON
dialog: Lobotomy gets 'em home.
text: He moves directly over Frances, his pleasant face obscuring
text: the fan. As the leucotome descends, we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FARMER HOUSE - DAY
text: Total disrepair: peeling paint, broken steps, fallen
text: shingles... This house is easing slowly back to nature...
scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Neglect is just as evident inside. Dust, faded rugs, torn
text: yellow curtains. Lillian sits on the couch staring out a
text: window. She has aged and looks tiny, frail, with no trace of
text: her old formidability. The scrapbook is open on her lap.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: What was I saying? Oh yes, it was
dialog: the Communists that did it to Frances.
text: Ernest is hunched in a chair by the stone fireplace. FOUR
text: REPORTERS crouch on the floor, totally bored. Yesterday's
text: headlines are now old news.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: They capture the mind by first
dialog: seducing the heart. I suppose I never
dialog: taught Frances to close her heart...
text: Two Reporters rise and edge toward the door.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Uh... excuse us, Mrs. Farmer. We're
dialog: going to have to... uh...
speaker_heading: THIRD REPORTER
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Yeah, I better pack it in too.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: (distractedly)
dialog: Pardon? Oh, would you like more
dialog: lemonade?
text: The last Reporter gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: FOURTH REPORTER
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: I think we've had enough. Thank you,
dialog: Mrs. Farmer. Goodbye.
text: He follows the others out. Lillian climbs wearily to her
text: feet and goes to the window, looks out. Ernest stares into
dialog: the fire.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: You know, Ernie, I think we should
dialog: have Frances' room repainted for
dialog: when she comes home. That'll brighten
dialog: her day.
text: Ernest looks at her wearily, as if she is stark raving mad.
dialog: He knows damn well Frances isn't coming home...
text: FADE IN ON: A TELEVISION SCREEN against a dark background
text: The show is "This Is Your Life". We SEE a smiling RALPH
text: EDWARDS, reading from a large black book. Next to him stands
text: Frances. She has aged dramatically, but is still a very
text: handsome woman. She seems uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: ...Dwayne Steele divorced you, and
dialog: from this point on, your story takes
text: a darker turn. Shunned by the
dialog: Hollywood you criticized so harshly,
dialog: alienated from your family and
dialog: friends, you turn your back on
dialog: professional commitments in New York,
dialog: and alcohol and drugs enter your
dialog: life. These are sad, desperate times
dialog: for you.
text: Throughout this, Frances' jaw works slowly back and forth,
text: not from anger, but in embarrassment and doubt.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: ...until finally your mother finds
dialog: it necessary to commit you to a state
dialog: mental institution. Were you mentally
dialog: ill, Frances?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...No, Ralph. I don't believe I ever
dialog: was sick. But when you're treated
dialog: like a patient long enough, you're
dialog: apt to act like one...
text: We MOVE AWAY from the screen to see that the TV set is in
text: the living room of a comfortable, tastefully furnished home.
text: On the couch in front of the set sits Harry York. He still
text: looks athletic, young for his age. Tears stream down his
dialog: cheeks.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS (O.S.)
dialog: Were you an alcoholic?
speaker_heading: FRANCES (O.S.)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS (O.S.)
dialog: Were you a drug addict?
speaker_heading: FRANCES (O.S.)
dialog: No. Never.
text: ON THE SCREEN Edwards has moved Frances over to a seating
text: area where various people from Frances' life are waiting,
text: smiling at her. We've never seen any of them before.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: ...and over 200 producers have been
dialog: invited to watch your appearance
dialog: here tonight... so who knows, Frances
dialog: Farmer, anything's possible on your
dialog: comeback trail!
dialog: (indicating seating
dialog: area)
dialog: And since your friends tell me they
dialog: have to drive you everywhere, look
dialog: what we've got for you!
text: The curtains behind them open to reveal a car in a spotlight.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: A brand new 1958 Edsel!
text: The audience applauds. Frances smiles guardedly.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Thank you, Ralph.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Thank you, Frances. And after the
dialog: show we're hosting a reception for
dialog: you and your friends at Hollywood's
dialog: own Roosevelt Hotel!
dialog: Applause.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: So, Frances Farmer, this is your
dialog: life. Good night. God bless you.
text: The audience applauds. Frances smiles wearily and accepts
dialog: congratulations.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOSEVELT HOTEL - HOLLYWOOD - DAY
text: A group of PEOPLE are coming down the front steps, Frances
text: among them. They all talk happily, Frances is silent but
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Where shall we drop you, Frances?
dialog: Home?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (vaguely)
dialog: No... no, someone's picking me up.
text: The people all excuse themselves, calling goodbye. Frances
text: waits by herself for a few moments, but soon begins to walk
text: away down the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: HARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Hey.
text: She turns. Harry is leaning against the side of a building,
text: looking much as he did when they first met. But there is
text: very little light of recognition in Frances' eyes.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: C'mere. I want to talk to you.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Oh. Why, Harry York. How nice to see
dialog: you.
text: Harry is a little puzzled by her reaction.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How... how ya doin', Farmer?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Fine, thank you. Did you watch the
dialog: show?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Sure I did, that's why I'm here.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: How did I look?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, you...
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: ...ennh.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (a glimmer, but she
dialog: does not pick up on
dialog: the cue)
dialog: Well... you're looking well.
text: They are both silent a long moment.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I got a new car. Only it's red. Did
dialog: you know Mama died?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yeah. Yeah, I heard about that.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Dad, too. I sold the house. I'm a
dialog: faceless sinner, Harry...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'd ask you to take me home, but I'm
text: a faceless sinner.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: ...You smell good, Harry. Familiar,
dialog: you know? I'd ask you to take me
dialog: home, but...
text: Harry is alarmed now.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (taking her by the
dialog: arm)
dialog: Frances!
text: She angrily bares her teeth; then just as suddenly she relaxes
text: and becomes lucid.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Don't get mad at me, Harry. Please.
dialog: It's just... Some things happen for
dialog: the best.
dialog: Beat.
text: She takes his hand as if to shake it.
text: Harry clasps hers tenderly.
text: She holds on like an old woman, stroking his hand. For an
text: instant she gets lost in time, just holding his hand. Then
text: she looks up.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It's going to be slow from now on.
dialog: Do you know what I mean, Harry?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'm not sure.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Very slow.
dialog: (uncertainly)
dialog: But we're not going to stop, are we?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (reassured)
dialog: No, we're not.
text: It is as if she is able to express in words the last remnant
text: of her indomitable will... but the words bear no emotional
dialog: power.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Goodbye, Harry. It was very good to
dialog: see you again.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yes. Would you like me to walk a
dialog: little way with you?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: That would be okay.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Just a little way.
text: He offers his arm. She takes it. All rather formal. They
text: stroll on together.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
