speaker_heading: PROPERTY oF:
speaker_heading: PRODUCERS:
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR:
dialog: March 28, 1991
dialog: 2
scene_heading: FRIED GREEN TOMATOES
text: aT THE WHISTLE STOP CAFE
scene_heading: SCREENPLAY By:
speaker_heading: FANNIE FLAGG
speaker_heading: JON AVNET
dialog: This draft by Jon Avnet
text: BASED ON THE NOVEL By
speaker_heading: FANNIE FLAGG
speaker_heading: ACT III PRODUCTIONS
speaker_heading: JON AVNET &
speaker_heading: JORDAN KERNER
speaker_heading: JON AVNET
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
scene_heading: 1 EXT. WHISTLE stop CAFE ~ PRESENT
dialog: °
text: wood buildings alongside abandoned railroad tracks. Across the
text: front of one building, very taded, a sign - The Whistle Stop
text: Cafe. It is covered with advertising signs, some cardboard,
text: some tin, advertising everything possible to be bought or seen
text: from the li3is to the 19608. aA rusted awning hangs off Opal’s
text: Beauty Shop next door.
text: Distantly, the whistle of an approaching train.
scene_heading: 2 BEGIN MAIN TITLES
text: Flowering weeds grow profusely between the ties. The rails are
text: rusted, the ties rotten, askew. The clatter of a train
text: approaching. The whistle, closer, the clatter of wheels,
dialog: louder.
scene_heading: 3- TIGHT ON TRACKS -
text: As the ghost train flies by, the wiha Sweeps aside, the stean
text: from the engine billows down the right-of-way, the clatter is
text: deafening. Alarmed by the sound, the goat bolts, a flock of
text: birds flies out of the trees near the station.
text: But, there is no train, just a brown Ford LTD driving across the
text: barren tracks.
scene_heading: 4 INT. CAR - Day -
text: TIGHT ON: EVELYN COUCH. She is a woman in her early 40's,
text: nervous and slightly overweight. She holds a bouquet of
text: flowers. Hearing a train whistle, she turns around and looks
text: over her right shoulder at the tracks. ED COUCH, her husband,
dialog: has heard nothing. .
speaker_heading: ’ EVELYN
dialog: Did you hear that?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: , EVELYN
dialog: (not sure she’s heard anything)
dialog: Nothing, I guess.
text: The wind blows, but nothing is in sight. Evelyn looks at a map.
speaker_heading: ED
text: (looks out at a sign that says
dialog: Whistle Stop)
dialog: Where is Whistle Stop on the map?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: IT can’t find it.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
dialog: back
text: She smiles Politely. He reaches for the map.
dialog: You've got a
dialog: direction,
dialog: =D
dialog: Negative sense of
text: Ed gets out of the car with the map and tries to o
text: himself. Evelyn muses to herself,
dialog: You‘re right
dialog: found you.
dialog: rient
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ed. That must be how I
scene_heading: 5 EXT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - pay
text: A sterile one story cement blo
dialog: area of Birmingham, A handful
text: brown LTD pulls in. Ed and Ev
text: front door in silence. Evelyn
text: ck building in a semi-comm
text: of cars in the park.
dialog: elyn get.
dialog: carries the flowers
text: in the door, and Evelyn follows.
scene_heading: 6 INT. FRONT HALL - DAY
text: Evelyn and Ed move through the
text: Old people as they go down the
text: JANEEN, a nurse. She is pushi:
text: the hall. He is laughing and
text: and wears thick glasses.
dialog: (grabbing his hana
dialog: ing lo
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: neve You tell me to go right ten niles
dialog: ercial
dialog: t. The
dialog: out and head for the
dialog: walks
text: lobby. We hear the sounds of
text: hall. Coming toward then is
dialog: ng an old man, MR. DUNAWAY, down
dialog: grabbing at women as
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: Stop that, Mr. Dunaway!
scene_heading: MR. DUNAWAY
dialog: You have such soft skin.
text: She smiles and gently removes his hand when
dialog: and Ed.
dialog: Your aunt is
dialog: for you, Mr.
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: like a child)
text: all dressed and waiting
dialog: Couch. Be careful,
dialog: she’s
dialog: a little cranky this Morning. She bit
dialog: my arn.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Oh, Lord.
text: Evelyn and Ed enter a room. There is some racket
text: and Evelyn hurries out of the
text: a hairbrush flies past her hea
text: Prepares for a second attempt,
dialog: room just as an obje
dialog: + She ducks, then
dialog: when:
dialog: from w
dialog: ct res
dialog: sighs
dialog: she notices Evelyn
dialog: ithin,
dialog: embling
dialog: and
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why don’t you wait outside?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: If you think it’s best....Have a nice
dialog: day, Aunt Vesta.
speaker_heading: END TITLES
scene_heading: 7 INT. SUNROOM ~ DAY
text: Evelyn walks inte a back visitor’s lounge that is empty except
text: for one OLD LADY in a faded sweater with a Christmas corsage
text: who is at a card table working a “Last Supper" jigsaw puzzle.
text: Evelyn, unhappy, sits down and takes a candy bar out of her
text: purse. Just as she is about to take the first bite the ola
text: woman speaks.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Did you know they took my gallbladder
dialog: out?
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Uh, no, I didn’t,
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Yep, it’s still over at the hospital,
dialog: sitting in a jar. I guess that’s where
dialog: they keep ‘en,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (still trying to eat)
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: When I was in the hospital, the nurse
dialog: had just given me one of those Fleet
dialog: enemas they’re so fond of, when I
dialog: noticed this medical chart next to my
dialog: bed that said Ninny Threadgoode,
text: eighty-two years old.
dialog: (shaking her head) OT
dialog: An eighty two year old widow, imagine
dialog: that. Have you ever had one of those
dialog: enemas?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well, no.
speaker_heading: . NINNY
dialog: You'd remember it. My friend, Mrs.
dialog: Otis and I are from Whistle Stop.
dialog: She’s lived down the street from me for
dialog: the past thirty years or so.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: After her son died, her daughter-~in-.ay
dialog: had a fit tor her to cone and live at
dialog: Come with her and be her roommate.
dialog: Mrs. otis doesn’t know it, but Im
dialog: going back home just as soon as she
dialog: gets settled in Sood and then 1 reckon
dialog: I’ll visit her every day. Does the
dialog: name Idgie Threadgoode ting a bell?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No, I don’t think so,
text: Evelyn smiles Politely ang stands up,
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: You'd remember her. You see, I was
text: Practically adopted by the Threadgoode
dialog: family--r7 Married Cleo, her brother.
dialog: She and her friend Ruth ran the Whistle
dialog: Stop Cafe, Tdgie was a Character al}
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Sit down ang relax a spell, sugar.
dialog: I’ll tell you all about it...Lets see,
dialog: I renenber the day they pulled that
text: truck up out of the river,
text: DISSOLVE INTo THE PAST.
text: is pulled out of the river, It is rusted and worn, Tight on a
text: Georgia license Plate. a Sheriftf’s car rolls to a halt and out
text: walks GRADY KILGORE, a large Tuddy faced man. He stares at the
text: license plate and confers with his deputy. He is not happy.
scene_heading: 9 INT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE ~ pay
text: Music ig Playing on a radio. The cafe is full of people
text: laughing ang having a good time. Over the cash register is a
text: ratty deer head decorated with a railroad calender hanging tron
text: its neck Treading October 1938. <IpGre THREADGOODE-~-a slender,
text: good-looking woman in her 20's with Sparkling eyes and short
text: blonde hair ig busy Playing poker. RUTH, a beautitul young
text: woman with her long dark hair tied back with a ribbon is
text: watching Idgie carefully, Tdgie deals to all but herselr.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (sniles)
dialog: Any bets?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
dialog: (no takers)
dialog: Why don’t you
dialog: some hunting with us this
dialog: weekend, Ruth?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What and have your hangover on Monday
dialog: morning? No thanks.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Looks like mine again.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: One second. You say a full house beats
dialog: a flush? And
dialog: And a straight be:
dialog: Yep. Now you
dialog: I didn’t take
dialog: a flush beats a straight?
dialog: ats a three of a kind?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: in or out?
dialog: any cards,
dialog: Remember Ruth,
speaker_heading: RUTE
dialog: Look at me Idgie Threadgoode. Let me
dialog: see your face.
text: Grady walks in.
dialog: You’re bluffing again.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Pay to see.
text: Ruth antes up.
speaker_heading: ° GRADY
dialog: Idgie, I’ve got to talk to you...In
dialog: private.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Ah Grady, why don’t you sit in and r/11
dialog: deal you a new han
dialog: Gladys won’t mind.
text: Before Idgie can undo the current hand, Ruth turns over Idgie’s
text: hand revealing nothing, not even deuces. Ruth reveals a pair of
text: aces and then smiles contentedly.
dialog: I’m just tryin
dialog: for any tricks
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: ig to teach you not to fall
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You're doing a great job.
text: Idgie smiles and leaves with Gr:
scene_heading: 10 EXT. CAFE - DAY
text: A small green and white buildin
text: saying "The Whistle Stop Cafe".
text: together and move away from the
text: ady who tips his hat to Ruth.
text: ig with a white awning and a sign
text: Idgie and Grady walk out
text: cafe in silence.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
text: The only sound is a large Black Man in his forties, BIG GEORGE,
dialog: chopping wood. Idgie s es that this is serious.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: Good morning, Grady.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Good morning, Big George.
text: In the background is the town of Whistle Stop, eight buildings
text: and the railroad tracks. It’s bustling. Grady stops at a
text: secluded area by the tracks.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What’s up?
speaker_heading: . GRADY
dialog: (with great @ifficulty)
dialog: Aw...Somebody found Frank Bennett's
dialog: truck in the river and that goddamn
dialog: stupid deputy of mine sent it over the
dialog: wire before I even got out there.
dialog: Goddamn it!!
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What’s gonna happen now?...
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: Well, officially you and Big George are
dialog: under arrest for nurder.. +You’re in amy
dialog: Custody until tomorrow. I told them I’d
dialog: bring you over to Georgia first thing in
dialog: the morning...z figured that ought to
dialog: give you enough time...
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: (looking off into the distance)
dialog: Well, some people have been known to
text: pack up and sneak right out of town in
text: the middle of the night.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What about Big George?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: The way I figure it, if they got Big
dialog: George, they’d be satisfied. This is
dialog: serious, we're talking murder of a white
dialog: man and somebody's gonna have to pay,
dialog: but nobody wants to hang a woman.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: But it suit them fine to stretch some
dialog: rope around Big George’s neck. I can’t
dialog: let em do that, Grady.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Now I know how you feel about Big
dialog: George--hell, we all do, but that’s just
dialog: the facts of life.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (after a while)
dialog: ++I can’t do that.
text: Idgie watches Big George working in the distance. Grady nods as
text: Idgie walks over and whispers to Big George and then looks over
text: at Ruth who is watching from the cafe window.
scene_heading: 11 INT. SUNROOM - SAME DAY < PRESENT
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: So Idgie Threadgoode and Big George went
dialog: to jail for the murder of Frank Bennett,
dialog: but that’s a long story.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It sounds that way.
text: Evelyn goes into her purse and brings out two more candy bars
dialog: and offers Ninny one.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Would you like one?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Oh, thank you honey. pid they take your
dialog: gallbladder out too?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No.
text: Evelyn stands to leave, her purse falls and she makes a gallant
text: gesture to catch it, but succeeds only in knocking the jigsaw
text: puzzle down to the floor.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m so sorry.
text: She starts to pick up the pieces.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Oh, don’t worry about that, honey. I
dialog: enjoy a visit more than a puzzle.
text: (reaches in her pocket and pulls out
dialog: a deck of cards)
dialog: Wanna play some five card draw, some
dialog: stud?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don’t play.
text: Evelyn is kneeling, hold. the pieces of the uzzle and
dialog: to put it back together P and trying
speaker_heading: NINNY |
dialog: I hate solitaire and that’s all they
dialog: Play around here... Idgie, you s ’
dialog: had a mind of her own. I guess in
dialog: order to understand her, you'd have to
text: start way back with her brother Buddy.
dialog: Idgie was Buddy’s pet from the day she
dialog: was born.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. THREADGOODE HOUSE - DAY = 1917
text: A big white house with a porch. aA handsome teenager, BUDDY
text: THREADGOODE, runs into the house, sporting formal wedding
text: attire, but carrying his coat, with his shirt tails hanging
dialog: out.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JULIAN (0.S.)
dialog: Come on, Buddy. Mama wants you inside.
scene_heading: 13 INT. THREADGOODE HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: NINNY (V.0.)
dialog: I remember the day we were all getting
text: ready for the wedding. The war had just
dialog: ended. The Great One, you know.
text: MAMA THREADGOODE a Sweat-looking woman, examines PAPA
text: THREADGOODE’s suit. He sports a large handlebar mustache.
text: SIPSEY, the black housekeeper, starts adjusting Papa‘s sleeve.
text: Sipsey’s son, Big George, is on a ladder hanging wedding
text: decorations. LEONA, the beautiful bride to be of 18, is being
text: attended to by her sisters. JULIAN, who is wearing a highly
text: starched suit, is leading his brothers in roughhousing. Mama
text: looks over her brood and sees Leona waiting to speak her piece.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: What ig-it Leona?
speaker_heading: ‘ . LEONA
text: Tdgie’s upstairs in her room and she
dialog: Says she won’t come out as long as she
dialog: lives.
dialog: (wails)
dialog: Oh...she’s gonna ruin my wedding, Mama.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: No she’s not, precious.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Why Leona, you're going to be the most
text: beautiful bride in the entire state of
dialog: Alabama -- just wait and see.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
text: Mama goes to the bottom of the stairs. Buddy shows up, winded.
speaker_heading: ' MAMA
dialog: Imogene Louise Threadgoode. This is
dialog: your mother. You come down here right
dialog: this minute. Do you hear’ me? Buddy,
dialog: you go fetch her, she’1l listen to you.
text: All of a sudden, Idgie appears at the top of the stairs, where
text: she stands as regally as she can. All eyes focus on her.. A
text: huge bow is wrapped around her head and tied very badly. Her
text: dress is starched painfully stiff. The short skirt flares out
text: over many petticoats revealing Idgie’s thin legs and skinned
text: knees. She has on white anklets and shiny black baby doll shoes
dialog: which are new and too tight.
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Come on down, honey. Let’s see you.
text: Idgie looks at Buddy who nods encouragingly. She starts down
text: the stairs, holding her skirt down delicately as sh surveys her
text: family. A snicker escapes Julian as he hums, "I see London, I
text: see France etc." Buddy shoots him a look and Idgie freezes.
dialog: Julian.. Hush now.
dialog: (to Idgie)
dialog: Come ahead, sweetheart.
text: Idgie reaches the bottom of the stairs. We see her elbows and
text: legs are skinned. Leona is horrified at the sight.
speaker_heading: LEONA
dialog: Mama!!! .
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You look just fine, Idgie.
speaker_heading: : JULIAN
text: She looks like a monkey.
text: Idgie runs at the mocking Julian and jumps hin, ripping her
text: dress in the process. Buddy pulls her off and she runs out of
text: the house stripping as she goes.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (te Julian)
dialog: T’1l get you back, boy.
scene_heading: 14 EXT. THREADGOODE YARD
text: Idgie is up the tree in her underwear, sulking. Buddy climbs up
text: the tree with the comfort and confidence of acat. He sits next
text: to her. Idgie is Clearly upset. There’s a long beat as Buddy
text: contemplates his sister’s predicament.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 10
speaker_heading: BUDDY /
dialog: Looks like you got yourself up a tree,
dialog: _ Little Bit.
speaker_heading: i IDGIE
dialog: They ever make you wear a bow in your
dialog: ' hair, Buddy?
speaker_heading: ‘ BUDDY
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: , You’re supposed to wrap it around till
dialog: it hurts and stick pins into your brain.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Ouch.
speaker_heading: | : IDGIE
dialog: - I’m sick of people making fun of ne.
speaker_heading: | BUDDY
dialog: So you’re gonna stay put in this tree.
speaker_heading: | IDGIE
dialog: Yep. The hell with them. who wants to -
dialog: | wear that stupid old dress anyway?
text: ) After a moment, we see she is not as tough as she pretends.
dialog: om
speaker_heading: , BUDDY
dialog: . You wanna be like Leona?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: | Nope.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: } You wanna be like Essie Rue?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: , Nope.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: t Besides, you couldn’t if you tried.
dialog: . You’re special. Did I ever tell you
dialog: about the oysters?
speaker_heading: \ IDGIE
dialog: The oysters? No...
speaker_heading: | BUDDY
dialog: Well, think about all the millions of
text: oysters just lying around on the bottom
dialog: i of the ocean, doing nothing. Just
dialog: ~~ laying there. Then one day, God looks
text: around and he sees one and he says "TI
dialog: think I’m gonna make that one
dialog: different." And you know what he does--
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: BUDDY (CONT’D)
text: he puts a little Piece of sand in it.
dialog: Now guess what it can do the others
dialog: can’t?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: It ca.mike a beautiful Pearl! so you
dialog: should never feel bad about being
dialog: different, because you are one of the
dialog: lucky ones that got picked.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Do you think God makes mistakes?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: The way I figure it, he never makes
dialog: mistakes. He made sure we got
dialog: together. He made sure that you got
dialog: the best looking most charming brother
dialog: in the world...who’s gonna beat you to
text: ‘the chocolate cake.
text: Buddy jumps down from the tree laughing and Idgie follows.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You will not.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I_got you out of the tree, now didn’t
dialog: 1?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Did not.
text: She jumps on Buddy, who growls at her with monster noises.
text: Idgie shrieks with delight and runs ors to the house. Buddy
text: smiles, picks up her shoes, slaps the soles together and lopes
dialog: after his sister. :
scene_heading: 15 INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: The CAMERA tracks Slowly past the assembled family, revealing
text: one by one the Threadgoodes dressed in their finest, including
text: Julian who has a black eye. :Finally,. the camera finds empty
text: Space and slowly drops down revealing Idgie dressed in a green
text: velvet pants suit, with a green velvet tie, a smile plastered
text: on her face.
scene_heading: REV. SCROGGINS
dialog: {at the altar)
dialog: Do you, Charles Osgoode Justice, take
dialog: Leona Chapman Threadgoode to be your
dialog: lawful wedded wife?
scene_heading: SNe ME MALe Loy 499) 12
text: As the ceremony continues, Mama dabs at her eyes while Idgie
text: takes a small broken mirror and flashes a brilliant reflection
text: on Reverend Scroggin’s face. Then Idgie turns the mirror which
text: flashes on the cheek of a young and beautiful Ruth Jameson.
text: Ruth feels the light and turns in its direction and she sees
text: Buddy Threadgocde who eyes her with love and admiration. Mana,
text: without taking her eyes off the altar, takes hold of Idgie’s
text: arm and tries to keep her from further nischiet.
scene_heading: 16 EXT. THREADGOODE YARD
dialog: ' fhe whole town is there and everyone is congratulating Papa.
text: Mama is busy supervising the Party. Sipsey and Big George are
text: loading the tables which have been set up with food and iced
dialog: tea.
text: Buddy with Idgie riding on his shoulders comes through the
text: crowd. All the young girls look at him and smile and giggle.
speaker_heading: BUDDY .
dialog: Now don’t you look beautiful today,
dialog: Lily.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Yes Lily, you look beautiful today.
text: Lily just blushes wildly.
speaker_heading: NINNY (V.0.)
dialog: I don’t think there was ever a sweeter
text: boy than Buddy Threadgoode.
dialog: (clearing her throat)
dialog: He was a terrible flirt, but his heart
dialog: belonged to Ruth Jameson. She was a
dialog: @istant cousin of Mama’s and had come
dialog: all the way from Valdosta, Georgia that
dialog: summer to teach at the Church School.
dialog: I remember how pretty she looked that
dialog: day.
text: Idgie climbs down off of Buddy’s back and points out RUTH
text: JAMESON, early twenties, striking, with long brown hair. she
text: is serving some punch.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Ruth Jameson, you are just the one I’ve
dialog: been looking for.
text: He takes her hand and begins to pull her away gently.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (pulls her hand away)
dialog: Not in public.
text: Scroggins gives Buddy a dirty look. Idgie looks at Scroggins
text: like he’s nuts. Buddy just smiles at the Reverend and slips
text: his arm around Ruth’s waist and starts to lead her away.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Let’s find some place else to visit.
dialog: SE ee
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Buday, I can’t leave, I’m serving,
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Oh it’s much too loud. Come on.
text: Rev. Scroggins is talking to a group of women when Idgie walks
dialog: by him ang
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Whatever you do, don’t think about then
dialog: with no Clothes on,
scene_heading: 17” soExT. RAILROAD TRACKS = LATE AFTERNOON
text: The sound of @ train in distance, Tdgie is following Ruth who
text: is following Buddy, who is Walking backwards on the tracks
text: talking. Tdgie finishes every second sentence for her brother
text: and he sniles, unruffled by her enthusiasn
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (pointing at field)
dialog: See that? Years ago that used to be a
dialog: nice little lake. Wed swim in it and
dialog: fish. TI sure do miss it, I sure do.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What happened to it? pie it ary up?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Worse than that. Last fall a big flock
dialog: of ducks...oh about forty or titty,
text: landed right smack in the middle of
dialog: that lake and while they were sitting
dialog: there, a fluke thing happened -- the
dialog: temperature dropped so fast the whole
dialog: lake froze, in three seconds -— just
dialog: at.
text: Buddy, full o¢ adolescent excitement, snaps his fingers.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: Oh no, Those poor littie ducks. Dia
dialog: it kill then?
speaker_heading: UD
dialog: Nav...They flew off, and took the lake
dialog: with them, Why to this very day --
dialog: that lake's Somewhere over in Georgia,
text: Idgie is delighted with the story. She sits down to tie her
text: shoe. Ruth tries to hit Buddy for fooling her.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
scene_heading: 17A EXT. BUSHES - DAY
dialog: 14
text: Buddy kiases Ruth passionately. She reciprocates. Her hat
text: falls off. Idgie looks at them from a distance, shakes her
text: head disparagingly and looks away.
scene_heading: 17B EXT. TRAIN TRACKS - LATER-
text: Idgie swings over the tracks on a rope that dangles from a
text: nearby branch. Ruth hesitates and ther 8uddy holds her and
text: swings with her. She loves it. Her hat ralls off again.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Oh, no!
text: Buddy kisses her and swings off after the hat. The train
text: appears behind him at the turn, approaching as the hat skins
text: across the tracks, and slides under the rail, the ribbons
text: tangling in the splintery ties. Buddy starts for the hat
text: Clowning as the girls watch him from the distance. He grabs
text: it, but gets his foot caught between two converging steel
text: rails. The train blows its warning whistle.
text: Tdgie yells for Buddy as he grabs his foot and tries to un-pry
text: it. To Idgie and Ruth it still looks as if he’s clowning in
text: the dusty windy distance. Buddy tugs and slips and he smiles
text: at Ruth and Idgie as we hear the brakes being applied. The
text: screech of metal on metal. Buddy just about has his shoe -
text: untied when he pulls free and stumbles on the gravel mound that
text: holds the railroad ties. Idgie is jolted with fear and runs to
text: Buddy yelling for him to get up.
scene_heading: 18 EXT. THREADGOODE YARD
text: Shot of Mama as we hear a frantic train whistle, and a train
text: screech to a halt, and a screan. .
text: TIGHT ON Mama’s eyes with terror in then. She clutches
dialog: Sipsey’s arn.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Oh God...not one of my babies.. -please
dialog: God!
text: WIDE ANGLE of everyone in yard dropping everything and running
text: toward the accident.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS
text: A group has gathered around Buddy’s broken bedy. on the
text: outskirts of the crowd, Julian is desperately trying to pull a
text: hysterical Idgie away. Ruth is crying by the side of the
text: tracks but she tries to hug Idgie, who pushes her brusquely
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: Let me go! Let me go!
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1992 1s
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Idgie...
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You...You...Necoco!!!
text: Idgie starts blindly to hit Ruth as if to beat away the truth.
text: Ruth tries to hold Idgie but she breaks away and runs calling:
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Buddy, Buddy!!
text: LONG SHOT as she pushes her way through the crowd. We hear her
text: heartbreaking scream of pain as she reaches Buddy. She screans
text: his name as if trying to bring him back to life...
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: BUDDY!!!!
scene_heading: 20 EXT. CEMETERY ~ DAY
text: The Threadgoode family is assembled. Ruth is in black and
text: Clearly distraught. Rev. Scroggins is speaking at the funeral
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: NINNY (V.0.)
dialog: Oh, it like to have killed us all but
dialog: the one who took it the hardest was
dialog: Idgie. We thought she'd die right along
dialog: with him. :
text: Ruth looks over at Idgie who stares at her with naked contempt.
text: Idgie bolts from the funeral group and runs off across the
text: countryside. The Reverend pauses as Mama and Papa exchange
text: looks. Sipsey takes her hand from Big George’s arm. He nods
text: and heads after Idgie’s diminishing figure.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Idgie running through the woods, the twigs and brush lashing her
dialog: tender skin. :
scene_heading: 22 EXT. RIVER - NIGHT
text: Darkness, virtual silence. The river the only constant sound
text: except for the occasional lonely hoot of an owl. Silhouettes
text: are the only visible shapes as THE CAMERA searches for life and
text: finds first a fire and then the hunched shape of Big George
text: nearby. He gets up carrying a blanket and heads toward the
text: diminutive figure of Idgie shivering by the river. He drapes
text: the blanket over her shoulders. She nods a thanks to him and he
text: goes to sit by the fire. The blanket falls off of Idgie’s
text: shoulders, and she does not notice. Big George gets up to
text: repeat the gesture as the distant wail of a train echoes through
dialog: the night.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 28, 1991 16
speaker_heading: NINNY (V.0.)
dialog: Night after night, - she stayed by the
dialog: river. Big George was the only soul
text: she’d let near her and he watched over
dialog: her night and @ay. You know a heart
text: can be broken, but it still keeps on
text: beating just the same.
scene_heading: 23 INT. SUNROOM - DAY ~- PRESENT
text: TIGHT ON Evelyn, who is caught up in the story in spite of
text: herself. The jigsaw Pieces are now piled neatly on the table.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That’s so sad.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Evelyn! Evelyn!
text: Evelyn looks up and sees Ed standing in the doorway. She tries
text: to hide her candy wrappers.
speaker_heading: . ED
dialog: Let’s go. The Braves game is going to
dialog: start soon and you’1l miss your thing.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Excuse me, that’s my husband, Ed. He's
dialog: ready to leave. (beat) I can’t believe
dialog: Buddy died.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Neither could I. . . Oh...well, I’ve
dialog: enjoyed talking to you, sugar. What’s
dialog: your name?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Evelyn. Evelyn Couch. I’ve got to go.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Well, Evelyn you come back and see ne,
dialog: y‘hear?
text: Evelyn, scurrying after Ed, calls back.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Okay. .
scene_heading: 24 EXT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - DAY
text: Evelyn and Ed exit the Rursing home. Evelyn is reflecting on
text: Ninny’s story.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
scene_heading: 25 INT. CHURCH CLASSROOM - NIGHT
dialog: On the blackboard "Romance! Magic!
dialog: women in the class, middle-aged to ol
text: or a tape recorder, including Evelyn.
text: nicely dressed, is pacing across the
dialog: intensely committed.
dialog: Nurturing!" There are ten
dialog: der, each with a notebook
text: A young woman TEACHER,
text: front of the class,
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: It is up to you to put romance pack
dialog: into your relationship. Dedicate
dialog: yourself to finding
dialog: in marriage. When
dialog: romance, what’s the
dialog: enters your mind? -
text: A woman in her late thirties, Missy,
text: the Teacher drones on.
dialog: ways to find magic
dialog: you think about
dialog: first thought that
text: leans over to Evelyn as
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: Divorce. Remember when marriage
dialog: counselors used to tell you to wrap
dialog: yourself in Saran Wrap to put a little
dialog: charge into your marriage? Do we
dialog: really pay for these lectures?"
text: Missy looks heavenward. Evelyn has a
text: She smiles.
text: faraway look in her eyes.
scene_heading: 26 INT. COUCH HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Candles are lit on the dinner table.
text: Fresh flowers are in a
text: vase. And five empty boxes of Saran Wrap are resting on a
text: chair as a sixth box joins its ilk. a doorbell rings. Evelyn
text: opens the door ever so slightly, with
dialog: anticipation written all
text: over her face. Ed sees her and his jaw drops. she is wearing
text: only Saran Wrap. Ed looks around to see if any of his
text: neighbors are watching and shoves her
dialog: house.
text: quickly back into the
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Good God, Evelyn, have you gone insane?
dialog: People’re going to see you. What if
dialog: I'd been the paper boy?
scene_heading: 27 INT. CHURCH CLASSROOM SAME NIGHT
text: Evelyn is daydreaming away as the class starts emptying out.
text: The lecture is finished.
dialog: Missy
dialog: Evelyn, Evelyn.
text: (Evelyn comes out of her reverie)
dialog: What we really need
dialog: instead of this
dialog: baloney is an assertiveness training
dialog: class for southern women, but that’s a
dialog: contradiction in terms, isn’t it?
dialog: 
dialog: (Evelyn smil
dialog: and nods)
dialog: Especially you, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 li
scene_heading: 28 EXT. COUCH HOUSE - LATER THAT DAY
text: An undistinguished tract house. The brown LTD pulls into the
text: Griveway, Ed gets out with his briefcase, heads for the door.
text: There are children in yards, women with groceries talking to
text: each other, men with hedge clippers. £a Opens the door.
scene_heading: 29 INT. COUCH HOME-DAY
text: Evelyn has set the tube nicely, with fresh flowers, lit candles
text: and has a multi-course meal on the table waiting, only she’s not
text: dressed in Saran Wrap, but in a nice outfit. she has made a
text: real effort. Ed drops his briefcase, grabs his plate and heads
text: soeene television set and turns on the ball game. Evelyn is
text: deflated.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why don’t you sit at the table and have
dialog: dinner with ne?
speaker_heading: : ED
dialog: Sorry honey, the game’s almost over.
dialog: Why are you so dressed up?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ed...If I answered the door wearing only
dialog: Saran Wrap, would you still be watching
dialog: the baseball game?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, I’d be checking you into a looney
dialog: bin.
text: Evelyn reflects on his response and then begins to eat.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME ~ DAY
text: Close on a box of donuts. A hand Pulis them out of a car and we
text: reveal Evelyn carrying flowers to go with her snacks. She and
text: Ed head in silence towards the cement structure.
scene_heading: 31 INT. NURSING HOME - DAY
text: Ed enters his aunt’s roon. Evelyn takes a deep breath and
text: plasters a smile on her face and enters--and exits with two
text: objects barely missing her head.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: I’m glad you’re feeling better, Aunt
dialog: Vesta.
dialog: (to whoever’s listening)
text: Good thing her eyesight’s failing.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 1:
scene_heading: 32 INT. SUNROOM - DAY
text: Evelyn is sitting alone in the sunroom with a blank look on her
text: face eating out of a huge box of donuts. Ninny spots her.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: _ Hello!
text: Evelyn jumps she is so startled and nearly dumps her donuts.
text: Evelyn tries to regain her composure.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: I was hoping you would come.
dialog: roommate, Mrs. Otis, said I could visit
dialog: with her and her family, but I said
dialog: “thank you kindly, but I think I night
dialog: have ny own visitor" and here you are!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (offering her one)
dialog: Hope you like donuts, Mrs. Threadgoode.
speaker_heading: . NINNY
dialog: Visitor and donuts to boot! Now, you
dialog: can’t beat that. You can call ne
dialog: Ninny. Everyone else does. It makes
dialog: me feel modern.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: How’s your friend doing?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Mrs. Otis? Oh, not so good. It looks
dialog: like I won’t be getting back home for a
dialog: while, and I sure miss it. It’s funny
dialog: what you'll miss when you’re away from
dialog: home. I miss the smell of coffee and
dialog: bacon frying. You can’t smell a thing
dialog: Leo they got cooking here. oh, what I
dialog: . wouldn’t give for a plate of fried
dialog: green tomatoes like the ones we used to
text: have at the cafe. After Buddy died,
dialog: Idgie just tempted the Good Lord to
dialog: take her away.
dialog: cuT TO THE PAST
scene_heading: 33 EXT. WHISTLE STOP TRAIN TRACKS - DAWN - 1926
text: Idgie is jumping fron freight car to freight car. She is in
text: her late teens, but looks younger. She is agile, and graceful-
text: ea wild look in her eyes. The more dangerous the stunt, the
text: more laughter it provokes from her. She Climbs down into a
text: freight car and starts dumping something overboard.
speaker_heading: PGT JA March 19, 1991 20
speaker_heading: NINNY (V.0.)
dialog: She hardly ever came hone. Only Big
dialog: George knew how to find her. Then one
dialog: summer day, Mama sent for her. Like
dialog: they say, God never shuts one door
text: without opening another.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. THREADGOODE YARD - DAY 1926
text: Idgie, dressed in ratty overalls and barefoot, is walking up to
text: the house with a string of fish over her back and a fruit-jar of
text: honey. It’s a beautiful spring day.
speaker_heading: ' IDGIE
dialog: Mama! !
text: Mama and Sipsey are watering the ferns. Mama’s eyes light up
text: _when she hears Idgie’s voice.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Mama.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Out here!
text: Idgie comes out and Mama gives her a kiss.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Well, it’s about time.
text: (Fanning her fingers through Idgie’s
dialog: hair)
dialog: Well, if you don’t look like the wild
dialog: man of Borneo. Guess who’s here?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Ruth Jameson, she’s come all the way
dialog: over from Valdosta, Georgia. She's
dialog: staying with us this summer and will be
dialog: in charge of all the young people’s
text: activities over at the church.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (she goes pale)
dialog: Is that why you wanted to see me?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Well, we’ve got so many nice things
dialog: Planned.
text: Ruth Jameson comes to the screen door. She’s older now, but
text: very beautiful, in a white dress.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Ruth, you remember my youngest child?
dialog: oe owe SL
speaker_heading: PGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: Of course Ido. Hi Tdgie.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: 21
dialog: (trying to control her displeasure)
dialog: t are you doing here?
dialog: Tdgie,
dialog: here, helping out at the
text: Idgie runs off.
speaker_heading: MAMI
dialog: I just told you, Ruth’s staying
dialog: church...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Maybe, this isn’t such a good idea.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: She’1ll get used to you,
dialog: Lord, honey.
text: Mama Threadgoode closes her
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Pay attention now.
text: eyes in horror as we hear in the
text: distance the sound of yelling and horn blowing as the truck
text: drives away.
scene_heading: 35 INT. CHURCH
text: Mama, Papa, Ruth, and the entire Threadgoode Clan, minus Idgie
dialog: of course, are Present.
dialog: Rev. Scroggins is s:
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS
dialog: peaking.
text: Snakes and serpents take many
text: disguises.
text: down by the river,
dialog: the devil filled wi
dialog: evil where
text: by a painted lady,
dialog: of Satan, where
dialog: lust and degrada
dialog: every night...
scene_heading: 35A EXT. WHISTLE STOP BAPTIST CHURCH - SUNDAY SERVICE
text: A sign says Reverend Scro
dialog: two snakes on the boat, wi
dialog: once and for all.” We se
dialog: bummy looking friends han
text: as it drives by.
text: ggins Preaching on
dialog: hen he had a chance
dialog: Why, just ten miles away,
text: there lurks a den of
dialog: th the maggots of
dialog: liquor and sin abide. Run
dialog: Eva Bates, a sister
dialog: unspeakable acts of
dialog: tion are performed
dialog: “Why did Noah let
dialog: to get rid of them
dialog: @ Idgie, now early 20's, and sone
text: ging out the window
speaker_heading: IDGIE (V.0.)
dialog: Hey Scroggins! ya finally
dialog: about something
dialog: of a pickup truck
dialog: preaching
dialog: your kin to--snakes!
speaker_heading: FGI JA March 19, 1991
dialog: 22
scene_heading: 358 INT. WHISTLE STOP BAPTIST CHURCH - SUNDAY SERVICE
text: Mama, Papa, and Ruth exchange looks of concern. Mama whispers
dialog: something to Ruth.
dialog: 36,37,38 OMIT 36,37,38 ¢
scene_heading: 39 EXT. WINDING DIRT ROAD = NIGHT
text: Big Georg: is driving through the woods with Ruth.
scene_heading: 40 INT. RIVER CLUB
text: Idgie sits smoking her cigarettes, looking like the cat that
text: just swallowed the canary.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I/1l see you and raise you twenty.
text: Grady eyes her suspiciously.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: You ain’t fooling nobody, Idgie. You're
dialog: just bluffing again as usual--you don’t
dialog: have nothing.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well, maybe I do, and maybe I don’t.
dialog: But now it’s gonna cost you thirty cents
dialog: to find out.
text: TIGHT ON Idgie’s hand. She has three aces--and a pair of tens.
text: Ruth enters the screen door and shades her eyes.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Excuse me, is Idgie Threadgoode here by
dialog: any chance?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (calling out) .
dialog: Come on in, honey. She's right here.
text: As she walks over to the table everyone is startled to see such
text: a fine lady dressed in white in this place. The men make a
text: feeble attempt at standing and tipping their hats.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ‘RUTH
dialog: T came to talk to you.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well, you’ll have to wait. I/’s busy.
speaker_heading: EVA .
dialog: Pull up a chair and have a seat, honey.
dialog: Can I get you a beer?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: - Oh, no thank you. 1/21 just stand here
dialog: and wait if you don’t mind.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Come on, Grady. Here’s your big
dialog: chance. are you in or out?
text: Everyone at the table is very uncomfortable at having Ruth
text: there, and one by one the nen throw their cards on the table,
text: waiting for something to happen. Ruth goes over and starts
dialog: picking up Idgie’s money.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m afraid you will have to excuse
text: Idgie. She's going home for dinner.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What the hell are you doing??
dialog: (to others)
dialog: Nice meeting you. Say goodbye, Idgie.
text: All nod and mumble something as Ruth heads out the door with a
text: dumbfounded Idgie right behind her.
speaker_heading: : IDGIE
dialog: Where are you going with ny money?
speaker_heading: R
dialog: We are going home.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Who the hell are you to boss me around?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m the one who's taking you home,
dialog: that’s who.
scene_heading: 421 EXT. RIVER CLUB - NIGHT
text: They head to the truck and Idgie sees Big George.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Thanks a lot, pal.
dialog: (To Ruth)
dialog: Give ne ny money back.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Now get in the car.
text: Idgie opens the door and gets in the car and slides through to
text: the other side. She opens the Passenger door and gets out as
text: Ruth is getting in. Tdgie slams the door and walks off.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 24
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I’1l leave here when I good and well
dialog: want to. Have a nice trip home!
text: _ Big George shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: Oh Lord. . .
text: Ruth gets out and starts after Idgie again.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I just don’t know how you can break
dialog: your mother’s heart like you +o.
dialog: —_—w se +
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I’m not doing anything to my mother.
speaker_heading: ! RUTH
dialog: Oh no? Why do you think I’m over here
dialog: for the summer? Your mother was so
dialog: worried about you she thought because I
dialog: was a teacher I might be able to talk
dialog: some sense into you, but I can’t even
dialog: find you mostly. You're too busy
dialog: feeling sorry for yourself.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: | What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: RUTH ;
dialog: Idgie, you are not the only one who lost
dialog: Buddy.
text: ) Idgie freezes at the mention of his name for a moment, then
text: turns and walks away while Ruth stands her ground.
speaker_heading: RUTH"
dialog: Buddy is dead. We all miss him, but
dialog: turning your back on your family is not
text: going to bring him back.
text: Idgie gives Ruth a deadly stare.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: | Who the hell are you to talk about my
dialog: ' brother? If it hadn’t been for you in
dialog: ’ : the first place--You... Just mind your
dialog: own goddamn business and give me my
dialog: money back,
text: Ruth drops the money and heads back to the truck.
scene_heading: 42 INT. THREADGOODE HOUSE - DAY
text: Ruth walks in the dining room and shakes her head no.
dialog: -_
dialog: ww ee
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1992 25
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Father, we thank you for this bountiful
dialog: table and this family. Keep us safe
dialog: and close to Thy bosom. aAnen.
scene_heading: 43 INT. KITCHEN - LATER THE SAME NIGHT
text: Mama is bringing the remains of dessert back into the kitchen,
dialog: when she spie: «dgie walking in the back way. Mama sniles.
scene_heading: 44 INT. DINING AREA
text: The meal is just about Over, but Mama comes in carrying enough
text: food for one nore plate, which Sipsey sets right next to Ruth.
speaker_heading: ESSIE RUE
dialog: Can we be excused?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ESSIE RUE
dialog: But Mama. . .
speaker_heading: . MAMA
dialog: ( interrupting)
dialog: No, young lady.
text: No one understands Mama’s reaction until Idgie makes her
text: appearance. Her hair is slicked down and she sits down as it
text: it’s no big deal. Everyone is staring at her. There is
text: silence as Mana starts to serve Idgie.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Could you please Pass me the tomatoes.
dialog: They look awfully good.
text: Idgie looks Up and sees the tomatoes right in front of her and
text: quickly picks then Up and passes then, but the Plate tips ana
text: one goes flying in the air. Tdgie puts the Plate down with one
text: hand and catches the errant tomato with the other, as if
text: perfectly planned. Ruth smiles at her.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Thank you.
text: Tdgie goes about her business as the rest of the family just
text: stare in amazement. Julian starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What are you laughing at?
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: You.
text: Idgie’s eyes narrow at Julian and then she Swings AT CAMERA,
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 26
scene_heading: 45 EXT. CHURCH - DUSK
text: Julian walks out of the building with a serious bruise on his
text: cheek and glares at Idgie. Ruth walks outside and Idgie comes
text: up to her.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I was thinking about some of the things
dialog: you were saying and I’@ like to show you
dialog: something.
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Lemme show you. You gotta hurry though.
text: They start walking briskly towards the railroad tracks.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - DUSK
text: They approach a train and Idgie sneaks up to a boxcar. She
text: pulls out a large pry bar and wedges open the door and hops up.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Hop in.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Hop?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Oh, give me your hand.
text: Idgie pulls Ruth up into the car.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well, look at all this.
text: We see cans and produce of the day stacked inside the car.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It’s all very nice, but r don’t
dialog: understand why you brought me here.
text: We hear the train whistle blow and then the train starts to
text: move. Ruth is surprised.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well, you said I was selfish and I’n
dialog: gonna show you that you’re wrong.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Don’t you think we should get off the
dialog: train?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: This is something Buddy and I used to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 27
text: Ruth looks out the train and she looks a little queasy.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Well, sometimes I get a little dizzy
text: leoking down.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Don’t look down.
text: Ruth smiles politely as Idgie litts up a handful of cans and
text: foodstuffs and walks to the open area of the car. She starts
text: tossing them out the door.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Come look.
text: Ruth does not relish the idea of going so close to the edge, but
text: she steels herself and looks out and sees the hungry faces of
text: poor black families and migrant workers who are waiting
dialog: anxiously for Idgie’s gifts,
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You talk about give unto others.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes, but this food isn’t yours to give.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: That’s Church talk. Well, I’ve seen
dialog: those same people who are on their knees
text: at church on Sunday over at Eva‘s on
text: Monday, on their knees again, but
dialog: praying to a different God,
text: Idgie throws out an armful of food as the children scurry for it
text: and some of the men shout "Thanks Railroad Bill."
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Come on. Help!
text: Ruth is ina quandary, but one more look at those hungry faces
text: outside and Ruth begins to help too.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: All right, time to get off.
text: Ruth again is puzzled. The train comes out of the tunnel.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: All right, jump.
scene_heading: FCT JA March 19, 1is91
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Tunp?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Yeah, jump. The next stop is five
dialog: miles down the tracks. I dont want to
dialog: walk that far back. Now jump.
text: Ruth freezes.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You're crazy.
dialog: (Idgie grins broadly)
dialog: You really want to get rid of me.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I really want you to jump so we don’t
dialog: have to walk too far back.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You blame ne, don’t you. You really
dialog: do,
dialog: (getting very enotional)
dialog: Tdgie, I didn’t kill .
dialog: (Idgie doesn’t react)
dialog: You make me feel like I did. You want
dialog: to hurt me because I want to help you.
dialog: Fine. You win. 1/12 tell Mama that I
dialog: can’t handle you and 1/11 head back to
text: Valdosta right away.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You/ll never jump, will you?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Don’t say never to me.
text: Ruth jumps and an impressed Tdgie follows suit. They both hit
text: the ground and roll. Ruth dusts herself off, gets up and walks
text: toward the tracks to head back home, when she notices that
text: Idgie isn’t moving very much. In fact, she’s very much in
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I’m fine.
text: She tries to stand and crumples in pain to the ground.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I’m all right.
text: Ruth looks at her leg and it’s quite obviously hurt. Ruth rips
text: some cloth out of her dress and wraps it around the wounded
dialog: leg.
dialog: -_-— eee
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
text: Ruth tries to pick Tdgie up, but it’
dialog: painful.
dialog: Ruth approaches
text: Ruth is reading
text: her, revealing a
dialog: 
dialog: one until it goe:
dialog: Ruth read about
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I have to get you to the doctor
dialog: way ia it?
speaker_heading: DGIE
dialog: + Which
speaker_heading: T
dialog: ‘Bout two miles if you follow the
dialog: tracks,
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Well, let’s go.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: 8 very difficult ana
dialog: You'll never be able to carry me that
dialog: far.
dialog: (Ruth gives her a look)
dialog: know, never ever Say never.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m not carrying you. You/re walking.
text: With great effort, Ruth lifts Idgie up, Places her arm around
text: her and Idgie hops as Ruth walks slowly.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I can’t tell you. Damn. + + I’m really
dialog: sorry about this.
text: the tracks and slowly starts to trudge home.
scene_heading: 47 INT. CHURCH SCHOOL
dialog: from Thoreau and THE CAMERA pulls
dialog: back from
text: full house and then IT TILTS down and tracks
text: past the shoes of the students, polished, in nice
dialog: order, one by
text: S outside the classroon and comes to rest on a
text: bandaged leg. CAMERA cranes up to reveal Idgie who listens to
dialog: the sounds of Nature, isolation a
scene_heading: 48 INT. JULIAN AND CLEO’S ROOM
dialog: Both boys are as
dialog: goes through the
text: her hand in, smi.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. ROOF
dialog: Tdgie crawls alo;
dialog: under her weight
dialog: bandaged. She s
dialog: another section
dialog: room. Nothing.
dialog: whispers.
text: leep. Sound of morning birds chi.
dialog: nd beauty.
dialog: rping. Idgie
text: Pockets of a pair of pants, finds nothing,
text: then eases the top drawer of the dresser open enough to slip
text: les as her hand finds a set of car keys.
text: ng a gutter connection that nearly gives way
text: - It is rather difticult with her leg
text: crambles to a more secure area, drops to
text: of roof, taps on a closed window
dialog: of Buddy’s old
text: Taps again. Idgie opens the window. She
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Aren’t you ready yet?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1992 30
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: ' I’m ready,
text: Ruth tries to get out of bed, gets tangled ana Crashes to the
text: floor. Idgie has to suppress a laugh.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: This doesn’t have anything to do with
dialog: trains, does it?
dialog: —~— ee ee
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No. I told you that I wanted to show
dialog: , you something before you go. It’s a
dialog: surprise. Julian even loaned me the
dialog: keys to his car, Sipsey made us a
dialog: picnic.
dialog: ' ‘30 TO 57 OMIT SO TO 57 op
scene_heading: ' 58 EXT. BACKWOODS
text: Idgie is driving Julian’s old Model T along the dusty narrow
dialog: roads.
scene_heading: 1 59 EXT. MEADOW ~ DAY
text: They exit the car.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You don’t have a license, do you?
dialog: Julian didn’t loan you this car. you
dialog: Stole the keys.
text: Tdgie glances at Ruth to see how mad she is.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I want to show you something, something
dialog: that guy Thoreau, you were talking
dialog: about, would like, You gotta swear
dialog: you'll never tell another living soul
dialog: about it.
text: Exasperated Ruth walks out of the woods into a lovely sunlit
text: meadow. Ruth carries the picnic basket, Idgie hobbles along and
text: carries a blanket. There is a fallen tree at the far end of the
text: Meadow. Idgie drops the blanket under an old shade tree, takes
text: an empty jelly jar out of the picnic basket.
dialog: -—— ~—— |
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Stay here. No matter what happens, don’t
dialog: move. And be quiet. Don’t make any
dialog: ! noise, whatever you do.
speaker_heading: ~ RUTH
dialog: What are you going to de?
dialog: — --~- —w
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 31
text: Idgie heads for the fallen tree, halfway there she glances back
text: to see if Ruth is watching. She is. TIdgie approaches the tree,
text: humming softly, and eases her jar into the hollow in the tree --
scene_heading: 60 EXT. BEE TREE
text: A swarm of angry bees burst out of the tree and completely cover
text: Tdgie. Ruth is scared out of her wits. Tdgie, humming, pulls the
text: jar full of honey and honeycomb out of the tree and very quietly
text: starts walking back toward Ruth, comp.etely covered with bees.
text: As she walks softly away from the tree, the bees begin to peel
text: off and return to their hives. When she gets back to Ruth,
text: there are only a half-dozen bees left in her hair.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: {grinning like a fool)
dialog: Here, madam, this is for you.
text: She hands the jar to Ruth. Ruth looks down and doesn’t take the
dialog: jar.
speaker_heading: . RUTH
dialog: Why did you de that?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Shh. Quiet. Youll frighten the bees.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You could've been killed!
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I do it all the time. I never get
dialog: stung. I’m sorry. Don’t you want the
dialog: honey? Don’t be mad at me, Ruth. I
dialog: just wanted to give you a going away
dialog: present. :
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Mad?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Please don’t be mad at me. The bees
dialog: won’t sting unless you stir ‘en up.
dialog: They’11 give you their honey. You‘re
dialog: the only person that...
text: Idgie is now very upset. Ruth puts her arms around Idgie.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Oh, Idgie, I’m not mad at you.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
text: (Idgie stares at her for a long beat)
dialog: Buddy loved you, didn’t he?
dialog: (Ruth nods)
dialog: Do you still think about him?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 32
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: All the time.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: So do I... He brought me here. He
dialog: taught me how to listen to the bees,
dialog: how to get the honey. (beat) Is it bad
dialog: what I did?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: T thought it might be crazy or
dialog: sonething.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No, no, no. I heard there were People
dialog: who could charm bees, but I’ve never
dialog: seen it before today,
text: Tdgie starts to smile.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (Long Beat)... You Like me don’t you?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (smiles at her forwardness)
dialog: Yes. .
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: That’s good. I like you too, a lot.
dialog: Are you really going home right away?
text: The summer’s hardly begun.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Are you going to promise to be real
dialog: sweet to your Mama from now on?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (Tdgie nods affirmatively)
dialog: (beat) You know, Ruth, I would kill for
dialog: you, if anybody ever hurt you.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: That’s a terrible thing to say.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No, it isn’t. I'd rather kill for love
dialog: than hate, wouldn't you?
dialog: Ruth laughs. How else do you respond to this one?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You’re just a bee charmer, Idgie
dialog: Threadgoode, that’s what you are, a bee
dialog: charmer.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1992 33
text: Idgie puts her finger in the fresh honey, tastes it ana sniles.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You wanna taste it?
text: Ruth nods and Idgie scoops some more on her finger and offers
text: it to Ruth who tastes the honey.
scene_heading: LATER SAME LOCATION
text: A sole bee buzzes around an empty honey jar. THE CAMERA glides
text: over to Ruth who is sleeping peacefully and then reveals Idgie
text: also resting. ‘The women are like two mirror images. Idgie’s
text: eyes open.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You up?
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: (stretching)
dialog: Sort of.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You have the most beautiful scent.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: It’s perfume. It’s imported, from
dialog: Paris France.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
text: It smells like lilac ana wild berries.
dialog: (beat) What did you and Buddy talk
dialog: about mostly?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You.
dialog: (Idgie smiles proudly)
dialog: And the future. Having a family and
dialog: starting a business, one where people
dialog: fiat get together and have a good
dialog: t: .
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You know what disturbs me? I can’t
dialog: remember his smell.
dialog: (Ruth takes Idgie‘’s hand)
dialog: Tell me everything you know about
dialog: Buddy.
scene_heading: 61 INT. RIVER CLUB = NIGHT
text: Idgie and Ruth walk into a darkened building whe- the lights
dialog: come on and:
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Surprise! !
dialog: ™ ---
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1992
text: All the guys from the Camp start singing “Happy Birthday" to
text: Ruth who is overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Idgie Threadgoode?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Now tonight we're going to have a real
dialog: party. Drink this and ther we'll play
dialog: some poker.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m sorry, but I don’t know how to Play
dialog: poker and never drink.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. RIVER CLUB - NIGHT
text: CAMERA tracks past an unfinished card game, past empty liquor
text: bottles towards two old pickups that have their lights turned
text: on and we are watching one of the first night baseball ganes
text: ever played in the South. Idgie is pitching and Ruth is the
text: umpire. Grady is at bat. Idgie throws a pitch.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Sttttrrrriiiike two.
speaker_heading: . GRADY .
dialog: Are you crazy? That pitch was outside
text: by three feet.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Don’t argue with the referee.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: It’s umpire. :
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Don’t argue with him either.
text: Grady shakes his head as Ruth takes a swig out of a Coke bottle
text: and swallows with ditticulty. Idgie is grinning something
text: fierce, smiles, winds Up and delivers. The ball hits the dirt
text: and bounces straight over the Plate.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Sttttrrrrike three. You're out.
speaker_heading: GRADY
text: The ball bounced in front of the plate.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: It did?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Oh look what you created, Idgie.
text: Grady drops the bat and heads behind the Plate.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 35
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You‘re up now, Ruth.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I don’t know how to bat.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: And you never drink either. Just hold
dialog: the bat and swing. 1/1) pitch it easy
dialog: to you.
text: Grady helps her hold the bat and she stands wobbly at the plate
text: and Idgie lathers up the ball and prepares to pitch.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What is she doing to the ball?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: It’s a spitter.
text: Idgie pitches and Ruth swings--or the ball hits the bat, but it
text: goes, way into the night.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yeahi!!
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: End of game, that ball’s lost. You ever
text: skinny dipped in a river by moonlight?
scene_heading: 63 LATER THAT NIGHT~BY THE RIVER
text: Idgie smiles as Ruth, in near tears, plays poker. They’re both
text: in wet clothing.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’ve never had so much fun in my whole
dialog: life. And I even got a home run.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: A clean one at that.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: A straight beats three of a kind?
text: (Idgie nods affirmatively)
dialog: You know, poker isn’t half bad. Oh
dialog: Idgie, what’s your mother gonna say if
dialog: she sees us both drunk?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: It’s about time you crossed the line.
dialog: You/ve always done the right thing. You
dialog: took care of your daddy, the preacher,
dialog: when he took sick. You take care of all
dialog: the kids at the church school. And
dialog: you're gonna take care of your mother.
dialog: ~--+- —~
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 36
speaker_heading: RUTE
dialog: That‘’s right and I’m gonna marry the man
dialog: I’m supposed to... but I’ve never really
dialog: had this much fun.
text: Ruth reaches for her Coke bottle and Idgie takes it away from
dialog: er. .
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: That's enough fun for one night. You’re
dialog: gonna get married?
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: AS soon as the summer’s over.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Why spoil the fun? Do you love him?
text: Ruth starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Everybody in Valdosta loves him and he’s
dialog: done so much for Mama. He’s the one who
dialog: gave me the french perfume you. liked so
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well you've gotta do what you’ve gotta
dialog: do, I guess... We better get you home.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Oh, am I going to miss you. This is the
dialog: best birthday I’ve ever had. .
text: She kisses Idgie on the cheek.
scene_heading: 64 EXT. THREADGOODE HOUSE - DAY
text: Mama is by the car which is packed with Ruth’s possessions. she
text: locks worried. A handsome man with Slicked back black hair
text: waits impatiently. He is FRANK BENNETT.
scene_heading: 65 INT. IDGIE’S ROOM - DAY
text: Idgie is sitting on the side of her bed, staring out the window
text: at this man. Ruth knocks.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Come in.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Time to go.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: T know.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 37
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It’s hard to believe the summer’s over,
dialog: isn’t it?
dialog: ! 7 Yeah IDGIE .
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Well, it’s always difficult to say
dialog: goodbye.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: , You don’t have to. I know why you’re
dialog: leaving. I understand that. your Mother
dialog: needs you to take care of her and that
dialog: your fiance, what’s his name. o.
dialog: : Frank Bennett.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: ' + ° 18 waiting for you. I understand.
dialog: 8 for everything.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Well, I want to thank you also. You're
dialog: very special Idgie Threadgoode. (beat)
dialog: | Are you sure you’re okay?
speaker_heading: . IDGIE
dialog: Yes, I’m fine.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: ' Can’t you see I’n smiling? You better
dialog: , gO, or you’ll be late.
speaker_heading: ROUTH
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: ‘ IDGIE
dialog: 1 So long.
text: Ruth exits the room and Idgie remains motionless and then throws
text: a glass item against the wall and it breaks. Ruth re-enters.
speaker_heading: ' RUTH
dialog: Idgie.
speaker_heading: i IDGIE
dialog: 1 You’re really going to marry that weasel
dialog: out there, aren’t you?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Don’t talk like that.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Why are you marrying him?
speaker_heading: FGl JA March 19, 1991 38
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Because I want to, that’s why.
text: Idgie chucks another object against the wall.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You don’t love him. You don’t. You
dialog: know you don’t. You really want to stay
dialog: here with us. I rnow you do. We love
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Oh, Idgie, you’re not being practical.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Then tell me you love hin.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’ve get to go.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (Idgie is crazed)
dialog: See. You‘re the liar, not me and I hate
dialog: you and I hope you die! 1 don’t ever
dialog: want to see you again as long as I live!
dialog: I hate you! Liar!
text: Ruth grabs her by the shoulders and shakes her.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Stop it!
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: T hope you rot in hell!
text: Ruth slaps her hard across the face. Idgie looks at her
text: speechless, stunned. Ruth nearly takes her in her arms, but at
text: the last minute, without touching her, turns and walks out,
text: clesing the door softly.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. HIGHWAY
text: A series of shots of Idgie driving Julian's Model T at night and
text: at dawn.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. VALDOSTA, GEORGIA - DAY
text: A small town, much prettier than Whistle Stop, with a general
text: store, a drugstore, a barbershop, and a post office on &@ square
text: with a beautiful church on one side. The Threadgoode Medel T
text: chugs into town, parks at the store with the church in view.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. VALDOSTA BAPTIST CHURCH
text: A beautiful summer day, fruit trees blossoming, birds singing.
text: The church is overflowing with well-dressed People. Across the
text: yard, Julian’s Model T, parked in among the tree early
dialog: invisible.
dialog: 
text: Tdgie is curled up in the front seat drinking whiskey. She is
text: very drunk and very miserable.
text: We hear muffled strains of the organ coming from the church,
text: The door flies open and people burst out the door. a beautiful
text: Ruth and good-looking FRANK Come down the stairs followed
text: Ruth’s MOTHER, People gather around then, throwing rice. Much
text: Prank tikes Ruth’s Mom by the hand ana gives her a big hug and
text: kiss. She blushes as Frank whispers something to her which
text: makes her smile and wave him off with her hand. Frank jumps
text: into the car with Ruth and heads off. Idgie sits Up and in her
text: drunken stupor murmurs goodbye to Ruth just as their car
text: disappears around the corner,
speaker_heading: 69 OMIT 69 ¢
scene_heading: 70 MISSY’S HOME ~ NIGHT
text: The children’s furniture is Pushed to the side, eight youngish
text: women are sitting on exercise mats on the floor and are aij in
text: Slacks. And Evelyn, looking younger and with a different
text: hairstyle, in stockings, high heels and a@ dress. The TEACHER is
text: young and serious and is handing out mirro 3. .
speaker_heading: . TEACHER
dialog: So, during these next weeks we will be
dialog: learning to reclaim our own Power, as
dialog: women. Tonight we are going to begin
dialog: to explore our fenaleness by examining
text: Evelyn draws in a breath of alarm, peeks at Missy who like the
dialog: others, isn’t the least bit shocked,
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: So, if you'll al2 Slip off your panties
dialog: and straddle your mirrorg-
text: Missy and the other women are doing just as they are told,
text: Evelyn struggles to her feet, deeply embarrassed.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Mrs. Couch --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I need to be excused for a moment.
dialog: Missy, won't you come to the ladies
dialog: room with me?
text: Missy stares at her Sympathetically, but unsure of what to do.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Do you find this threatening?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 ac
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: _NO...T...well...t didn’t realize--
speaker_heading: EACHER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Do you have a problen with your
dialog: sexuality?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No, tia’am, but I do have @ problem with
dialog: ny girdle.
text: Evelyn walks out of the house
dialog: 71
text: Ed walks in and startles Evelyn who immediately starts to tidy
text: up the immaculate dinner table. As is his custom, he takes his
text: food and heads to the television, Evelyn scrambles after hin
text: bringing his drink.
scene_heading: 71 INT. COUCH HOUSE - NIGHT - PRESENT
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ed those classes I've been going to
dialog: forever aren‘t helping us one bit.
dialog: Let’s drive to Florida, like when we .
text: got married. Kyle's gone and busy with
dialog: his own life. It'd be just the two of
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It’s just the two of us here. This
dialog: Chicken is great.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why thank you. _We could rent a boat
text: and drift around in the hot sun. What
dialog: do you think about it?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I’m just getting used to it being quiet
dialog: in here and don’t go to those classes
dialog: if they aren't helping you. Damn, the
dialog: game’s rained out. ,
scene_heading: 72 INT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME ENTRY - DAY
text: Evelyn enters and is joined by Janeen. The two of them walk
text: down the hallway.
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: Hey, Mrs. Couch. How are you?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Fine, how are you?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 41
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: Dead on my feet. We lost two of then
dialog: last night. Not within five minutes of
dialog: each other.
text: the others. We try and pile launiry on
dialog: top of ‘en, but they know. You can't
dialog: disguise a dead body, no matter what
dialog: you do.
text: Evelyn, who is carrying a bag of treats for the aunt, stops at
text: her door and very Carefully places it inside the doorway.
text: Evelyn and Janeen both quickly dart Past the door and to their
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Maybe she’s Teeling better.
text: They exchange a look when they see mr. Dunaway, dressed to
text: kill, wheeling hinseir slowly into the aunt’s room--only to
text: come rolling out at high speed and nearly toppling with the
text: contents of Evelyn's bag of treats following soon after hin,
text: Evelyn and Janeen amile.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Maybe she’s not.
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: Wait till you see Mrs. Threadgoode.
scene_heading: 73 INT. SUN ROOM = DAY
text: Janeen leaves and Evelyn enters and spots Ninny.
dialog: Someone has
text: dyed her hair bright purple.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Do you like it? 1 wanted to look my
dialog: best for Easter.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (trying not to appear shocked)
dialog: Ahh. Who did it for you, darlin’?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Well, believe it or not, it was a
dialog: student, a little bitty person, almost
text: a midget, from the beauty college.
dialog: Sometimes they come out and do our hair
dialog: for free, just to get a little
dialog: practice. Is Ed with you?
text: Evelyn hands Ninny a chocolate bunny.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 42
speaker_heading: EVELYN :
dialog: Just me alone. His aunt told him she
dialog: didn’t -want any visitors, especially
dialog: , us. It’s a shame. I think he feels
dialog: LA bad, but Lord if he’ll talk to me about
dialog: it. Since our son Kyle grew up and
text: ‘ left home, he hardly talks to ne at
dialog: , all, even during dinner.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: b Maybe you should spice up his food.
dialog: ) That’1l get his attention.
text: ’ Evelyn takes bites out her chocolate bunny and Ninny
text: , decapitates hers. .
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You never finished telling me about
dialog: Tdgie.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Well, let’s see, where were we? Ruth
dialog: |
dialog: had just gotten married to Frank
dialog: ' Bennett.
speaker_heading: EVELYN —
dialog: Wasn’t that the name of the man that
dialog: Idgie was arrested for murdering?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: That’s right. Of course after Ruth
dialog: ' left, Idgie just went back to her old
dialog: ways. It took her a few years, but she
dialog: finally decided to bury the hatchet--to
dialog: gO see Ruth.
text: CUT TO THE PAST:
dialog: , 74 75 OMIT 75,74 OM
scene_heading: 75A EXT. BIG GEORGE’S HOUSE - DAY , 7
text: | Big George enters with a large package.
text: Big George goes into a back room where Idgie is Sleeping on an
text: ' old couch with a tilted empty bottle near her head. He drops
text: | the package off and starts to leave the room, when Idgie opens
dialog: : one eye.
scene_heading: 75B INT. BIG GEORGE’S HOUSE ~ DAY 7
dialog: !
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: | . I didn’t want to wake you, Miz Idgie,
dialog: : but it’s a full days drive to Valdosta
dialog: i and your Mama says if you going all the
dialog: : 7s way to.Valdosta, then she wants you to
dialog: give this pie to Ruth.
dialog: oe WA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: How’d she know where I was going?
text: Sipsey walks in.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: She knows. Now den’t go stirrin’ up no
dialog: trouble with Miz Ruth, you hear?
scene_heading: 76 EXT. VALDOSTA = DAY
text: Idgie in a Model T @riving up a dusty road leading to a large
dialog: farmhouse.
text: Idgie gets out of car. She is slender and has grown quite
text: attractive. Three hound dogs are jumping up on her, barking,
text: trying to be petted. She knocks on the door. A frail OLD LADY
text: comes and opens the door.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Is Ruth at home?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Who’s calling?
speaker_heading: IDGIE :
dialog: (very nervous)
dialog: Just tell her it’s the bee charner fron
dialog: Alabama.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Ruth, it’s some bee person here to see
dialog: you.
text: Idgie nervously waits and locks around the front porch and at
text: the land in the distance. Through the screen door we Ruth
text: coming to the door, opening it. When she sees Tdgie, she’s
text: startled.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Idgie?
text: Ruth stands silhouetted by the door, her face in shadow.
dialog: Something’s not right.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (awkwardly handing her the package)
dialog: Hi Mama said to give this pie...look
dialog: uh, what I said about rotting in hell,
dialog: I...I don’t hate you. I think you/re
dialog: probably the finest person I’ve ever
dialog: met. So I’m sorry. We all miss you
dialog: and Mama and Papa’ll welcome you back
dialog: for a visit anytime.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 44
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You drove how many hours to apologize?
dialog: Idgie Threadgoode, how are you? You
dialog: look so, so grown up. Tell me, do you
dialog: have a fellow yet?
speaker_heading: IDGIE .
dialog: A couple, but I can’t decide on any.
dialog: Grady’s the most persistent, but. . .
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Grady Kilgore.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Don’t say it so loud. How come you
dialog: don’t write at all, even to Mama?
text: Ruth hears a noise from inside the house. As she turns, the
text: light strikes her face and reveals a black eye. There is no
text: activity inside the house.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: +-.Yes, I’m fine.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You don’t look fine. Where'd you get
dialog: the shiner?
speaker_heading: FRANK (0.S)
dialog: (from upstairs)
dialog: Who’s down there?
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: (glancing up, back down front
dialog: stairs)
dialog: Well, thanks for the pie. Well, I
dialog: guess you...uh...You better go.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: He didn’t hit you, did he?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You better be going, now.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: He did. He beat you. Well m’m going
text: to beat him to a pulp.
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: (Idgie tries to enter the house and
dialog: Ruth grabs her)
dialog: You're not going to do anything, you
dialog: hear? Now please Idgie, just leave.
dialog: If you care about me, if you really do,
dialog: you’ll turn around and leave this
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 45
text: Ruth releases Idgie who looks at Ruth unable to comprehend why
text: she is stopping her and finally gives in and heads back to her
text: car. Frank’s houseboy walks around the corner-of the house and
text: watches as Idgie turns around and yells to Frank Bennett.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You touch her again, you bastard, and
dialog: 1/11 tear your eyes out and kill you
dialog: quicker than you can say Custer.
text: Frank arrives at the door, towelling his wet head. He sees the
text: pie in Ruth’s hands.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What’d she say about custard?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Nothing,
scene_heading: 79 INT. RIVER CLUB - NIGHT
text: A juke box is Playing sad music. Laughter can be heard as Eva
text: Bates is playing poker with the boys. Grady comes over, real
dialog: friendly.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Tdgie?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Grady.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: You been duckin’ me. what do you say?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I say hey. This is a bad time to be
dialog: bugging me...
text: (Grady folds his arms and waits)
dialog: Oh, you don’t want to marry me, Grady
dialog: Kilgore. Have you lost your mind? Go
dialog: marry Gladys Moats, she just adores
dialog: you. .
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: ‘I’m not askin’ her, I’m askin‘ you to
dialog: be ny wife.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What’re you gonna be thinkin’ when I’m
dialog: out fishin’ and drinkin’ with someone
dialog: other than you? You're gonna be
dialog: thinkin’ you own me and you want me and
dialog: you’re gonna be madder than a wet hen.
text: A cute guy, named Kirby, walks by and winks at Tdgie and Grady
dialog: notices.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Who’s that? He’s not from around these
dialog: parts.
dialog: Fol SA March 19, 1991 46
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Just someone who’s real good with a
dialog: rifle...See, Grady. We're not even
dialog: married and you're already jealous.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: I’m not jealous. You're just a goofy
text: girl, Idgie Threadgoode.
text: Idgie jumps Giady and knocks him to the floor.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Who you callin’ a goof?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Now stop it Idgie before I get mad and
dialog: hurt you.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Just try it.
text: They wrestle some more, rolling around until Grady gets on top
text: of her and pins her with his considerable weight to the ground,
text: but Idgie just refuses to stop struggling.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Give up.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Stop it, Idgie.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: ++-Okay, okay. Just let me up.
text: Grady lets go and Idgie just jumps him again and once more Grady
text: pins her on the ground, his face reddened and close to hers.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Don’t pull that again.
speaker_heading: . IDGIE
dialog: Then you better keep me down for the
dialog: rest of your life cause I/11 never give
dialog: in to you.
speaker_heading: NINNY (V.0.)
dialog: Grady finally got exhausted and gave up.
dialog: Try as they might, none of these fellows
dialog: at Eva’s place could tame Idgie for any
dialog: length of time. About a year later a
dialog: letter came from Ruth.
dialog: Fi vA Marca i939, 1991 a
scene_heading: 80 INT. THREADGOODE HOUSE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Sipsey is baking. Idgie runs in the door. Mama nods toward Big
text: George who holds a letter. Idgie pulls out a newspaper clipping
text: and a torn page from the Bible.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (confused and upset)
dialog: What’s this? This isn’t a letter...
text: Mama puts on her glasses.
dialog: Bring it here.
text: She looks at Idgie and begins to read the newspaper clipping.
speaker_heading: MAMA
text: This is Ruth’s mother’s obituary. She
dialog: died last month.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (looking at the Bible page)
dialog: And this is from the Bible -- from the
dialog: book of Ruth. She’s underlined
dialog: something for you. “And Ruth said:
dialog: whither thou goes, I will go, and where
dialog: thou lodgest, I will lodge. And thy
dialog: People shall be my people.../#
text: Idgie’s eyes meet Mama’s.
scene_heading: a1 EXT. NEAR VALDOSTA - DAY
dialog: Country road -= overhead shot of car and truck.
scene_heading: 82 EXT. BENNETT HOUSE - DAY
text: On the horizon, the truck and car come down the road and pull up
text: to a stop. Idgie gets out of the car. Idgie heads toward the
text: house as Big George and Julian stand by the truck.
scene_heading: 83 INT. BENNETT HOUSE
text: Idgie goes up the stairs to Ruth...their eyes meet for the first
dialog: time...after a moment:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Mama died.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: lA
scene_heading: oe SMALLS £7, A991
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: And I’n Pregnant.
text: Ruth breaks into tears and Idgie puts her arns around her ang
text: cradles her.
scene_heading: EXT. BENNETT HOUSE - LATER
text: Frank Bennett drives up and notices the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. BENNETT HOUSE
text: Idgie is quickly packing up one of Ruth’
text: Tdgie hellers to Big George and Julian.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
text: truck at his front
text: 3 last remaining boxes.
text: The rest of her stuft’s upstairs.
text: Big George ana Julian head upstairs.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: are you sure we're doing the right
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Do you want to raise your child with
dialog: Frank?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I couldn’t. But you ha
dialog: ven‘’t even
dialog: talked this over with Mama and Papa.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (breaking out in a
dialog: Mama loves babies and P,
dialog: Mama...why hell, the way
dialog: figure...we're getting
dialog: price of one.
dialog: huge grin)
dialog: apa loves
dialog: I
dialog: two for the
text: Julian and Cleo are coming downstairs with the trunk and head
text: out the front door when Frank comes in the back @oor with his
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What the hell’s going on here?!
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Looks like your wife’s leaving you,
dialog: mister...
text: Frank looks at Idgie.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who the hell are you?
scene_heading: OR ON IADR NR RIT
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I’m the one she’s leaving with, pea
dialog: braint!
text: Frank grabs Ruth by the shoulders to pull her away, but Ruth
text: resists. Frank slaps her across the face, knocking her
text: backwards. Idgie immediately jumps Frank, ‘riding him like he’s
text: some wild horse she’ll tame. Frank Spins Idgie around until he
text: flings her off, sending her crashing into the wall.
dialog: {to Ruth)
dialog: Come here.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You touch her again and 1/11 kill you.
text: She doesn’t move. Idgie is breathing like a wild cat and is
text: preparing to pounce on Frank as he slowly approaches Ruth. He
text: reaches out for Ruth and Idgie again jumps him and he backs her
text: into the wall crushing her like a grape. Ruth runs at hin.
dialog: Rl
dialog: ‘Don’t hurt her!
text: Ruth tries to push Frank away, but he grabs her and slings her
text: over his shoulder and starts heading up the stairs when Julian
dialog: and Big George enter. :
speaker_heading: . JULIAN
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: T wouldn’t go up those stairs, mister...
dialog: It might upset Big George.
text: Big George picks up a large knife and in one swift movement, he
text: cores an apple, never looking at Frank, who stares at hin
dialog: motionless.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: He‘’s crazy...no telling what he’s liable
dialog: to do...
text: Frank hesitates for a second and Slowly lets Ruth down.
speaker_heading: . IDGIE
dialog: Let’s go.
speaker_heading: : FRANK
dialog: Tvll get you for this. You'll see.
text: They exit the house.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: They scurry to the car. Tdgie starts the car and starts to
dialog: drive off...
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: as INT. CAR
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well, I sure as hell scared him, didnt
dialog: I? Towanda the Amazing Amazon Womant
text: Alone in the jungle, afraid of nothing
dialog: that prowls this earth. Woman beyond
dialog: compare.
text: Ru*u jeins her in nervous laughter as they head toward whistle
dialog: Stop.
dialog: 86,87,88 OMIT
scene_heading: 89 INT. SUPERMARKET ~ DAY - PRESENT
text: CLOSE ON Evelyn staring at an issue of the NATIONAL ENQUIRER.
text: Headline: “Wife Kills Husband and Sells His Body Parts to
dialog: Aliens."
dialog: 86,87,88 OF
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Evelyn. . . Evelyn. . .
text: Reveal: Evelyn is at the checkout counter talking to Missy,
text: her acquaintance from the Women’s Seminars.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (Caught red handed, embarrassed)
dialog: Oh, I’m sorry. I was just looking at
dialog: the pictures, Missy.
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: They have the greatest stories in that
dialog: magazine, don’t they? Will I see you
dialog: in group tonight? We'll be talking
dialog: about masturbation.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: {turns bright rea)
dialog: Thank you, but I’ve had enough learning
dialog: for the time being.
text: Evelyn takes her Package and heads for the door. As she starts
text: out the Exit Only, a teenaged BOY with a scraggly beard and
text: mean eyes shoulders in, bumping into Evelyn, knocking her back
dialog: against the dog food.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (a little laugh)
dialog: Well, excuse me.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (whips around)
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Evelyn is stunned as the boy strides over to the liquor
text: counter. Evelyn gets herself together as the boy comes back
text: toward her.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: There was no reason for you to be so
dialog: rude back there. You were coming in
dialog: the wrong door.
speaker_heading: BoY
dialog: Get the hell away from me, you fat cow!
text: He heads for the Exit with a six pack.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: What did you call me?
text: The boy exits, fast. Evelyn pursues.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The boy climbs into a battered pickup with fat tires and a
text: tough girl in the passenger seat. Evelyn is on his heels, her
text: groceries in her arms.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why did you call me that? what have I
dialog: ever done to you? Why are you being so
dialog: mean to me?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Beat it, you old bitch.
text: The boy jams the truck into gear, backs out fast, tires
text: squealing, girl laughing. Evelyn tries to follow him. As she
text: runs, her bag breaks <-- groceries spilling all over the
dialog: pavement.
scene_heading: 92 INT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME HALL - DAY
text: Ninny walks through the visiting wing. An old man is sitting
text: in a wheelchair. Ninny stops.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: (yelling in his ear)
dialog: How are you today Mr. Dunaway?
scene_heading: MR. DUNAWAY
dialog: (grinning at her)
dialog: You have the most beautiful eyes.
text: Ninny continues around to the side corridor that is deserted
text: except for a few rows of walkers and wheelchairs. She finds
text: Evelyn sitting all by herself in a wheelchair with big tears
text: running down her face, eating a Baby Ruth.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Oh, honey, what in the world is the
dialog: matter?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 28, 1991
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (glancing up)
dialog: I don’t know.
text: She continues to cry and eat her candy.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Come on. I need some exercise.
dialog: (wheeling her in th- eNair)
dialog: Tell me what’s bothering ysu, sugar.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I just feel so useless... so powerless.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Everybody goes through that...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And I can’t stop eating. Everyday I
dialog: try and try, and everyday I go off. I
text: hide candy bars all over the house.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: A candy bar’s not going to hurt you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: One no, but not ten or eleven and rt
dialog: can’t even look at my own vagina...
speaker_heading: NINNY :
dialog: Now, honey, I can’t help you on that
dialog: one.
text: They go outside and continue rolling around. Evelyn gives
text: Ninny a box of Crackerjacks.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I wish I had the courage to get it over
dialog: with and get really fat..; Oh, Mrs.
dialog: Threadgoode, I’m too old to be young,
dialog: and too young to be old. Maybe I’n
dialog: just crazy.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: You getting hot flashes?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well, sometimes.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Do you get the sweats and your heart
dialog: starts pounding?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 28, 1991
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Simple honey, you’re just going through
dialog: . the change. I used to burst into tears
dialog: l~ for no reason at all. You need some
dialog: hormones and maybe some Stresstabs
dialog: j number ten for good measure.
dialog: '
dialog: !
speaker_heading: ' EVELYN
dialog: Really? Is that all?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Yes, honey. You just get yourself some
dialog: ’ hormones. Then you get out of the
dialog: house and get yourself a job. With
dialog: your pretty complexion I’11 bet you/’ll
dialog: be great with Mary Kay Cosmetics. 1
dialog: , know how you feel, I was about your age
dialog: ‘ when I had my child and then I went
dialog: through change of life.
speaker_heading: ) EVELYN
dialog: I didn’t know you had a child.
speaker_heading: | NINNY .
dialog: Yes, I did. His name was Albert.
dialog: He was a birth-injured child, so I had
dialog: him with me until he was thirty, then
dialog: | he just went to sleep and never woke
dialog: '
dialog: ~ up.
text: She puts the picture back on the dresser.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: ' The doctor said that it would be best
dialog: if I didn’t even see him at all. He
dialog: ! said because of an injury, his mind
dialog: would never develop past the age of
dialog: ' five and that I should put him in an
dialog: ! institution because the burden of
dialog: } raising a child like that would be too
dialog: ; great. I thought about Ruth. She
dialog: called children "little gifts from
dialog: above." I just smiled and asked for
dialog: the baby. Oh, how could that sweet
dialog: ’ precious baby ever be a burden? Why,
dialog: ) . from the minute he was born, Albert was
dialog: the joy of my life, the Lord’s greatest
dialog: t gift. There wasn’t a purer soul that
dialog: ever lived on this earth.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: Sometimes I just can’t wait to get to
dialog: | heaven and see hin.
text: Ninny digs in her Crackerjack box and pulls out a small prize
text: ~ as Evelyn looks at her lovingly.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 28, 1991 54
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: (delighted as a child)
dialog: Oh, Evelyn, look! A little chicken,
dialog: just what I like!
scene_heading: 92 INT. THREADGOODE KITCHEN - DAY - 1932.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Oh shitiiti!! res here...11!
text: Everyone jumps for joy. Everyone includes Eva, Rev. Scroggins,
text: Julian, Grady, Pete. A baby’s wail is heard in the distance.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (slapping the Rev. on the back)
dialog: Hot damn! !
text: As they all slap each other, the Reverend tries in vain to
text: retain his dignity. Julian pours whiskey into their teacups.
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS
dialog: I think a little prayer of thanksgiving
dialog: would be...
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (holding up teacup)
dialog: Goddamn it to hell...son of a :
dialog: bitch...she did it!! Here's to Ruth...
text: Everybody picks up a teacup.
dialog: To Ruth!!!
dialog: They all drink,
speaker_heading: EVA
text: (leoking at a stunned Reverend)
dialog: Best goddamn tea in the state! !
scene_heading: 93 INT. BEDROOM = DAY
text: Ruth is sitting up in bed with a blue ribbon tied around her
text: head, looking beautiful. Mama, Papa, and Idgie are gathered
text: around the bassinet looking at the baby.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Here he is...just look at that precious
dialog: boy...look at that, Papa...
text: Papa looks.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (to Ruth)
dialog: Can I pick him up?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Of course...
text: She does so gently. .
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: Careful...
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (picks up baby)
dialog: Hi little fellow. What’s his name?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Well...I discussed it with Mama and-
dialog: Papa...and I’d like to call him Buddy
dialog: Junior...if it’s all right with you...
text: Idgie stops rocking the baby and is Clearly moved, trying not
dialog: . to cry.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (looking at Ruth)
dialog: Yeah, that’s just fine with me.
dialog: (to )
dialog: Hey there, little Buddy...Buddy’
dialog: Threadgocde...Yeah, that’s just fine...
text: She looks back at Ruth and smiles. Mama tugs at Papa’s sleeve.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: With little Buddy well, here now, Papa,
dialog: go on...
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Well, now that you girls have this
dialog: responsibility and Idgie’s been wanting
dialog: to open up a cafe... Well, we thought--
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (blurting it out)
dialog: Papa’s giving you money to help you get
text: a head start.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Thanks, Papa!!
scene_heading: 94 EXT. WHISTLE STOP - DAY
text: Idgie is painting "Whistle Stop Cafe" on a sign. Julian and
text: Big George are carrying a stove in while Sipsey and Ruth watch,
text: directing. Sipsey is sweeping, Ruth is planting rose bushes.
scene_heading: 95 INT. CAFE - DAY
text: FIBBER MCGEE AND MOLLY is on the radio. The place is full of
text: railroad men. Idgie is serving a big table full of men,
text: including Grady, Pete, Wilbur, and Julian.
speaker_heading: Ae wR AA re LIL
dialog: 56
text: A STRANGER comes in the door and nervously walks up to Idgie.
text: He is wearing a worn-out dirty jacket, frayed brown shirt and
text: cracked leather laceless shoes. His name is SMOKEY LONESOME.
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: Miss, you wouldn’t happen to know where
dialog: you could buy a pint in this town?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You mean liquor? We can’t sell that
dialog: stuff here, but yo. go straight up that
dialog: street to that green house that says
dialog: Scroggins-- he’ll sell you some. And
dialog: don’t let him tell you he’s really a
dialog: preacher -- that’s just his cover.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Yes, sir, he’s got the best stuff in
dialog: the state of Alabama.
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: (heading out the door)
dialog: Thanks! !
text: He heads across the street to Reverend Scroggins’ place.
text: Everyone in the Cafe watches as Scroggins reacts with fury.
text: The cafe boys laugh and smile.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: (howling)
dialog: That’s the tenth time you've done that.
dialog: It works every time. Can I have
dialog: another plate of those tomatoes?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (giving him a plate, then to TIdgie)
dialog: I don’t know why you torture that poor
dialog: Reverend so.
dialog: (to Idgie)
dialog: Just keep in mind that I have to go to
dialog: church there.
scene_heading: 95A EXT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE - DAY 9:
text: Smokey walks away from the Reverend disappointed with the
text: results. He walks right past a pickup truck in which sits one
text: Frank Bennett. Frank watches Smokey head back to the cafe. He
text: sees Big George chopping wood and then Idgie come out to the
text: door to greet the Smokey. Frank shakes his head. She’s the
text: one. A train passes by obscuring his view.
scene_heading: 95B INT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE - DAY 9
text: Smokey returns to the door of the cafe.
speaker_heading: fee OS ONE ert IT
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: Excuse me, ma‘am, I was wondering if you
dialog: had an odd job, or something -I might do.
dialog: I’ve had a run of some bad luck, lately.
speaker_heading: | l ~~ IDGIE
dialog: \ ++-Come on in, fella. I think we can
dialog: t find something for you. What’s your
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: | SMOKEY
dialog: Smokey, ma’am, my friends Call me Smokey
dialog: Lonesone.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well Ruth, this here’s Smokey and he’s
dialog: gonna be doing some work for us.
speaker_heading: : RUTH .
dialog: : That’s fine. Nice to meet you. Why
dialog: don’t you go in there and freshen up and
dialog: } : then come have a bite to eat.
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: | Thank you ma‘am.
scene_heading: | 95C INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Smokey grabs a big bar of brown Oxydol soap, stares at it
text: ‘ quizzically for a moment. He hasn’t exactly been acquainted
text: ~~ with soap for quite a while now. He turns on the water and
text: Slowly starts to clean himself.
scene_heading: 95D INT. CAFE -DAY
text: Sipsey comes to the door drying her hands on apron.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Miz Ruth, there’s a colored boy that’s
dialog: asking to speak with you.
text: Ruth picks up a tray of Cokes and goes out the backdoor.
scene_heading: 4 96 EXT. BACKYARD ~ DAY
text: 1 The yard is full of black men at a table enjoying barbecue.
text: Ruth is serving them Cokes.
scene_heading: 97 INT CAFE - DAY
text: Sheriff Grady Kilgore is at the window watching Ruth outside.
text: Grady walks over to Idgie and speaks intently.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: | Now Idgie, I’m trying to warn you as a
dialog: ~~ friend. I’m not saying who, but there's
dialog: some people in town that don’t like you
dialog: selling to colored folk.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 5a
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well, Grady, tell you what. The next
dialog: time those "some People" come in here,
dialog: I’1l ask ’em if they don’t want anybody
dialog: to know who they are under those sheets,
text: when they go marching around in one of
dialog: those stupid parades you boys have, why
dialog: don’t they have enough sense to change
dialog: their shoes?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Now wait a minute, Idgie.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Oh hell, Grady, y’all ain't fooling
dialog: anybody. Why, I’d recognize those size
dialog: fourteen clodhoppers you got anywhere.
text: Grady looks down at his feet. Ruth re-enters and joins then,
text: giving Grady a disarming smile.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Would you like some more pie, Grady?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: No thanks, Ruth. . .
dialog: (to Idgie)
dialog: I’ll talk to the boys. sut, you make
dialog: pure you keep them at the back door, you
dialog: ear
text: Grady gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Bye, Ruth. .
text: She waves goodbye to Grady. Sipsey comes in bringing clean
text: silverware as Grady exits the cafe. Smokey walks out of the
text: bathroom cleaned up considerably, with numerous bloody nicks
text: from shaving. He sits down and Ruth serves him a feast .
text: consisting of fried chicken, black-eyed peas, turnip greens,
text: fried green tomatoes, cornbread and iced tea. ‘Smokey is
text: overwhelmed. He looks at Ruth likes she’s the (real) Madonna.
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: You gonna get yourself in a whole bunch
dialog: of trouble.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: He’s harmless. When his own daddy died,
dialog: he didn’t shed one tear, but when he
dialog: found out the old colored man who raised
dialog: him had passed away, he got drunk and
dialog: sat down at the river for three days
dialog: crying like a baby. Remember, Sipsey?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Yes’m, but he wasn’t jokin’ now.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: , He won’t sit in the same room and have
dialog: ao @ meal today...
speaker_heading: i SIPSEY
dialog: It sure don’t make sense. Big ol’ man
dialog: like Sheriff Grady scared of aiting
dialog: ' next to a colored child. But ‘ie eats
dialog: eggs, come right out of a chicken’s
dialog: ass.
text: Ruth and Idgie laugh until they notice smokey struggling with
text: his food. His hands shake so badly that finally he spills a
text: mouthful on his lap, Idgie puts her hand out to Ruth.
speaker_heading: , IDGIE
dialog: Smokey, come on, let’s take a walk.
scene_heading: 97A EXT. CAFE = DAY
dialog: Idgie and Smokey.
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: I’m sorry about spilling my food in
dialog: there, ma’am...I°11 just head on.
text: Idgie reaches in her apron and hands him a half-pint of 01d Joe
dialog: ~~ Whiskey.
speaker_heading: . SMOKEY
dialog: God bless you for a saint, ma‘am.
dialog: I’ve been on the rails for a long time
dialog: and I’ve seen a lot of most everything
dialog: ‘cept kindness.
scene_heading: 97B INT. CAFE - DAY
text: Ruth watches as Smokey and Idgie sit down on a log and talk.
scene_heading: 98 INT. BACK OF CAFE - NIGHT
text: Ruth is adjusting covers on the baby’s bed. She has a
text: bottle in hand. She takes a blanket off of her bed and heads
dialog: outside.
scene_heading: 98A INT. SHACK OUT BACK
text: Ruth sees Smokey sleeping and gently puts a blanket over his
text: | body. He turns and looks at her. She is illuminated only by
text: : _ the amber glow of a kerosene light. :
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: ”~ God bless you ma/an.
dialog: o
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
scene_heading: 99 INT. CAFE - NIGHT
text: The place is empty except for Sipsey who is sweeping and Grady,
text: the lone straggler, who is sitting at a table chomping on a
text: toothpick, stacking up poker chips...
text: Idgie is trying to diaper the baby...AMOS AND ANDY is heard on
dialog: the radio...
speaker_heading: : IDGIE
dialog: Funny how those boys always have to run
dialog: home to their wives...especially when
dialog: they’re losing... Sipsey, these diapers
text: are always slipping off his leg.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Didn’t they learn you nothin’ at home?
scene_heading: 100 P.O.V. THROUGH WINDOW
text: We see a black pickup truck with about six men in Klu Klux Klan
text: white hoods and sheets riding on the sideboard as they pull up
text: and stop across from the cafe. They get out, and one by one,
text: light torches and line up across from the cafe as three more
text: trucks with more men drive up. They carry a sign that says
dialog: "Beware of the Invisible Empire. The torch and the rope are
dialog: hungry".
scene_heading: 101 INT. CAFE = NIGHT
text: As the light from the torches flare in the black night, Sipsey
text: looks up and sees them first...
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Oh...Lord...here they are...I knew
dialog: it...I just knew it...
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (at the counter)
dialog: What is it?
text: Idgie walks over and looks out.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Aw shit!
scene_heading: 102 EXT. NIGHT
text: A group of men stand there.
text: Grady gets up and goes over to the window and looks out, still
text: picking his teeth. We see two more trucks pull up as the sound
text: of car doors slamming and men shouting gets louder and louder.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (angrily to Grady)
dialog: Goddamn you, Grady...I ought to kick
dialog: your butt...
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
text: Grady is still picking his teeth and locking at the men calmly.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Those aren’t our boys...
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Then who the hell are they?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: (getting hat off rack)
dialog: I don’t know, but that’s what I/n gonna
dialog: damn well find out.
text: They gather around Big George menacingly. Idgie sees this and
text: she’s out of there like a shot.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. CAFE + NIGHT
text: Grady heads over to the robed group of men with Idgie in close
text: Pursuit. Big George has a shotgun in his mouth and two men are
text: wrapping a rope around his body.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Let go of hin.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Tdgie, let me handle this.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Let go of him you hear? He’s my hired
dialog: man and he ain’t done nothin’ to nobody.
text: Grady has to physically restrain Tdgie from getting into an
dialog: altercation. :
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN
dialog: We see how you treat your niggers here
dialog: and we don’t like it.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Well I’m the law in these parts. Now
dialog: let that man go.
text: Pete Tidwell and Charlie Weems and about three or four more men
text: from the town come around the corner and just quietly stand on
text: the corner watching. The hooded men glance over at then.
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN
dialog: Let him go for now.
text: Idgie goes to him undoes the rope and escorts him out of there
text: as Grady continues his conversation.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: It seems I don’t recognize any of you.
dialog: You all ain’t from Whistle Stop are you?
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 62
scene_heading: 104 INT. BACK OF CAFE, SITTING ROOM
text: Ruth has just finished closing the door to the cafe behind her.
text: Sipsey is rolling down the shades.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: I told Miz Idgie this was gonna happen,
dialog: but she didn’t listen to me...
text: Ruth heads for the back room. As she enters the room, she stops
text: dead in her tracks terrified. Standing in the back room is a
text: hooded figure who has come in the back door. He just stands
text: there...his eyes burning a hole through her. Sipsey comes
text: through the door and stops...dead.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Oh, Lord...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (regaining her voice)
dialog: Who are you? What do you want?
text: The hooded figure’s eyes dart around the roon as if he were
dialog: looking for something. :
speaker_heading: HOODED FIGURE
dialog: Where’s the baby?
text: Ruth hears his voice, looks down at his black shiny boots.
speaker_heading: / RUTH
dialog: (realizing who he is)
dialog: !
text: He spots the baby in bed and takes a step forward toward hin.
text: Ruth runs over and gets the baby as Sipsey pokes the broom she
text: still has with her in Frank’s direction. :
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: (like he was a cat)
dialog: Seat you...I ain’t afraid of no white
dialog: robed men...no sir...scat... 2
speaker_heading: RUTH :
dialog: Get out of here! Leave us alone...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Oh, come on now, Ruth...You wouldn’t
dialog: deny a father the right to see his own
dialog: son now, would you?
text: He takes another step forward.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: (poking broom again)
dialog: Stay back.
speaker_heading: ’ FRANK
dialog: 1 It’s my boy, isn’t it?
text: } Smokey Lonesome appears at the door.
speaker_heading: SMO“ZY
dialog: } Everything all right, ma‘am?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: ' Our quest is just leaving.
text: Another hooded man with a torch bangs on the window and motions
text: for Frank to come on. We hear the sound of trucks starting up
text: and driving around the cafe...blowing horns.
scene_heading: MAN AT WINDOW
dialog: (in a muffled voice)
dialog: Come on...We’re headin out.!!!
text: is frantic this time -- bangs again...motions for Frank to
text: come. Frank looks at Ruth. :
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’ll be back...and then, you and the
text: | Frank stands there looking at the baby...the man at the window
dialog: | baby’11l be back.
dialog: '
text: He leaves. Smokey stares at Ruth shaking in his boots and he
text: starts to go too.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: , Thank you, Smokey. You don’t have to
dialog: go. .
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: ' You’re welcome ma‘am, but I have te
dialog: } change my breeches.
dialog: ' :
speaker_heading: ’
scene_heading: 105 INT. CAFE
text: Big George is catching his breath as Idgie puts a dressing on
text: his wounds. He leaves.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: ' BIG GEORGE
dialog: I’ve got to thank you, Idgie.
dialog: !
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: | Oh forget it. You’d a done the sane
dialog: for ne.
text: (Grady enters as Big George exits)
dialog: | Who the hell were those assholes?
speaker_heading: FGl JA March 19, 1992
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: (nonchalantly)
dialog: They was just a bunch of ol’ Georgia
text: boys out to throw a little scare in
dialog: you. One of them was over here the
dialog: other day for something or other and
dialog: saw you was selling food to the
dialog: Coloreds, and thought he‘d try to shake
dialog: you up a little bit, that’s all.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: How’d you get them to leave?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: I just told them that we sure as hell
dialog: don’t need anybody from Georgia coming
dialog: over here telling us what we can or
dialog: cannot do... They won’t be back I can
dialog: guaran-goddamn-tee you that..: See you
text: in the morning.
scene_heading: 106 INT. BACK OF CAFE
text: Idgie walks to back room. She sees Ruth’s face.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (clutching the baby to her)
text: It was Frank. He saw the baby.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Are you sure it was him?
dialog: Ri
dialog: (frantic) ©
dialog: Yes, I’m sure.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Don’t you worry. If he’s dumb enough
dialog: to come back here, Grady and the
dialog: Alabama boys will take care of him.
dialog: And if they don’t, I will.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Tdgie... I don’t want you taking any
dialog: chance Promise ne you won’t do
dialog: anything crazy...no matter what.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Me? Not me...
dialog: 
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 65
scene_heading: 107 INT. SCHOOL AUDITORIUM, WHISTLE STOP - NIGHT
scene_heading: STAGE BANNER: 1932 ANNUAL CHRISTMAS FOLLIES
text: The whole town is jammed in. Idgie and Grady are on stage.
text: Grady is in a dress, Idgie in tails and a top hat. Essie Rue
text: is on the piano.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: One thing a woman expects when she
dialog: marries is sympathy.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well, haven’t you got it since you
dialog: married me?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Yes, I sure have. Prom the whole town.
text: Laughter and applause. They come off the stage.
scene_heading: 107A,B,C EXT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE BACK - NIGHT 107A,
text: POV of a truck driving up near cafe. POV of someone heading to
text: the back of the cafe. POV of a dog coming at camera getting
text: walloped on the head by a club. POV hand reaching out for the
text: doorknob.
scene_heading: 108 INT. BACKSTAGE
text: We see Big George coming through the backstage crowd, sweating.
text: He goes up to Idgie and whispers something then turns and Idgie
text: follows him.
text: Tdgie and Big George running, various shots.
text: POV inside cafe as CAMERA finds the baby and lifts him out of
dialog: frame.
text: TIGHT ON Idgie and Big George running as the sounds of an
text: approaching train get louder.
text: POV of CAMERA heading back to pick-up truck.
scene_heading: 109 EXT. BACK OF CAFE -- COLD BLEAK DAY
text: Tight shot of an axe going through a rib. Repeat. The axe
text: slashes through another then another until we reveal it’s Big
text: George slicing for a barbecue. He drops the ribs ina a big
text: black pot that dangles over an open flame. His little
text: daughter, NAUGHTY BIRD, 5, is standing with him as Grady
text: Kilgore and a STRANGER walk up.
speaker_heading: 110 OMIT 110 1
scene_heading: 111 EXT. BACK OF CAFE
text: Grady takes a photo out of his vest pocket.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 66
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: You see this man around here in the
dialog: - last couple of days?
text: Big George looks at it.
scene_heading: 112 TIGHT -~- PHOTO OF FRANK BENNETT
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: No sir, I sure ain’t.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Hmmm... You sure?
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: (putting picture back in pocket)
dialog: Well, when we gonna get us some of that
dialog: barbecue?
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: In a few minutes, sir -- yes sir.
scene_heading: 112A INT. KITCHEN - DAY il
text: Sipsey walks in and sees Idgie and Ruth in separate corners
text: laughing their heads off and covered with water and food.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: What is goin’ on here?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: She tried to teach me how to cook.
text: Idgie laughs as if it’s the funniest thing in the world as does
text: Ruth. Sipsey just stares at these two.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Taste these fried green tomatoes.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: (she tastes them)
dialog: These don’t taste like your cookin’
dialog: Miss Ruth.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I can’t cook...at all. Too much
text: pepper, the crust falls off. Because
dialog: Ruth gave me the wrong recipe.
text: She cackles even louder as she tries to stand up and can’t.
text: Idgie throws an egg at Ruth who niraculously catches it.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You're a-- Truce...
speaker_heading: se EE AR Ne IT
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
text: Mr. Grady is in the cafe with some
dialog: strange lookin’ mens.
speaker_heading: . IDGIE
dialog: Nothing new about that.
text: Ruth stands and throws a green tomato at Idgie who juggles it
text: with two salt shakers. Idgie- goes to see Grady.
scene_heading: 113. INT. CAFE
text: Grady walks over te Idgie. Ruth joins then.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Hi there. What can I do for you boys?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Idgie, this here’s Officer curtis
dialog: Smoote. He’s over here from Georgia
dialog: leoking for a fella.
dialog: (shows her the picture)
dialog: Do you recognize hin?
text: Tdgie looks at Ruth, then.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Naw.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: That‘s my husband, but I haven't seen
dialog: hin in some time.
speaker_heading: IDGIE .
dialog: I heard he got run over by a Brinks
dialog: Armored truck. What’s he done?
text: Curtis Smoote is a weasel-looking man with a tight high voice.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Nothing we know of. We're trying to
dialog: find out what’s been did to him. He
dialog: told his hired man he was coming over
dialog: to see his wife and baby and he ain’t
dialog: >" never showed up back home.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Hell, I keep telling ‘em if he showed
dialog: up in this town, we’d all known.
dialog: . (leoking at the photo)
dialog: He looks kind of sissified if you ask
dialog: me? From what I hear, most of you hoys
dialog: from Georgia are a little light on your
dialog: feet. That’s the way I heard it.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I don’t suppose I could interest you in
dialog: some pie?
speaker_heading: SMOOTE
dialog: No, but that barbecue smelled mighty
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Best damn barbecue in the state.
scene_heading: 114 INT. CAFE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Curtis is sitting alone by the window. Music is on the radio.
text: Smokey Lonesome is doing the dishes.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
text: (walking over to the table with a
dialog: sandwich)
dialog: Here you go. That’s the fourth one
dialog: today. I swear you’re about to eat up
dialog: all ny barbecue.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (indicating chair)
dialog: Sit down. .
text: Idgie does so. Curtis leans across the table menacingly.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You‘re not fooling me, girlie girl. 1
dialog: know who you are. I heard from Bennett’s
dialog: hired man that you threatened to kill
dialog: Frank Bennett.
text: (he takes a sip of his drink, his
dialog: eyes never leave Idgie)
dialog: Now, he ain’t showed up dead, yet, but
dialog: if he does, you gonna be in a whole mess
dialog: eof trouble. You understand? What we're
dialog: talkin’ about here is murder, running
dialog: afoul of the law. Nobody gets away with
dialog: that. Not even you bunch of Alabama
dialog: smart alecks...
text: Idgie is listening.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: And if I find so much as a hair of his,
dialog: T’ll arrest you faster than you can slap
dialog: a tick...’cause I’m the law and you
dialog: can’t beat the law.
scene_heading: 115 INT. BACK ROOM = DAY
text: Idgie is holding the baby over her head Playing with it. The
text: baby is laughing.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Tell me what he said.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I told you. He said that -was the best
dialog: damn barbecue he ever had.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: That’s all?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Said the pie was pretty good, too.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. BIG GEORGE’s HOUSE ~ TROUTVILLE - DAY
text: Curtis Smoote is parked outside Big George’s house leaning
text: against his car. His wife ONZELL is on the porch watching.
text: Naughty Bird is hanging on Big George, who is at the car looking
text: at a picture.
speaker_heading: SMOOTE
dialog: You're sure you never zeen this man,
dialog: boy?
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: No sir. I done told you over and over I
dialog: ain’t never seen this man.
speaker_heading: SMCCTE
dialog: You'd do anything for Miz Idgie,
dialog: wouldn’t you?
speaker_heading: : BIG GEORGE
dialog: Yes sir,
speaker_heading: SMOOTE
dialog: Would you kill for her? Did you kill
dialog: for her?
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: No sir.
speaker_heading: SMOOTE
dialog: Uh huh. Well, maybe one of these days
dialog: you tell the truth.
text: (he gets in car and starts it)
dialog: Just remember--we hang lying niggers
dialog: just as fast in Georgia as they do here.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 70
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: Yes sir. I remember.
text: Idgie watches from the distance.
scene_heading: 117 INT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE - NIGHT
text: Ruth is sitting by the table. One light is on. She is
text: reading. There is a loud cry from the beck of the cafe. She
text: gets up and hurries to the back. Buddy is crying. She picks
text: him up and brings him into cafe and fixes him a bottle.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. BIG GEORGES HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Idgie is talking to Big George then waves goodbye and walks
text: away into the windy night.
scene_heading: 119 INT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE ~ NIGHT
text: Ruth still rocks Buddy in her arms, but now he is sleeping. A
text: shutter slams against the wall, startling Ruth. She walks over
text: and latches it shut. She stares another window and watches the
text: trees swaying in the breeze. She goes to the front door and
text: locks it. She sits back down with Buddy as the sound of an
text: approaching train fills the air.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What are you doing up?
text: Ruth nearly hits the ceiling. Idgie is covered with mud.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No... You scared me out of my wits.
dialog: What in God’s name is going on. . .
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Beats me?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: ...Area you staying here to protect
dialog: Buddy and me?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Then, why haven’t you gotten married?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What’s gotten into you?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Is it because of me? Am I being
dialog: selfish and keeping you from starting
dialog: your own family?
dialog: ful JA Maren 13, 277k 72
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No. . . it’s net your fault.
dialog: (this is hard for Idgie)
dialog: I’ve just never met a guy who made me
dialog: feel comfortable like you do, most of
dialog: the time anyway. Why the questions?
dialog: You trying to get rid of me?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: = I had this dream the other night. 1
dialog: ~ dreamt that Buddy was gone. I woke up,
text: ran to his crib and there he was,
dialog: sleeping like an angel. I prayed and
dialog: thanked God for Buddy. I remembered
dialog: having the same reaction after Frank
dialog: would beat me, thanking the Lord for
dialog: giving me the strength to take it. And
dialog: I remembered thanking the Lord for each
dialog: day my mother lived even when she was
text: spitting up blood and crying for me to
dialog: kill her... I looked at my mother’s
text: eyes pleading with me to help her and
dialog: all I could do was pray.
dialog: (to Idgie)
dialog: When you were gone, as I was holding
dialog: Buddy I thought, if that bastard Frank
dialog: Bennett ever tries to take my child
dialog: away, I won’t pray, I’11 kill hin.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Ruth you don’t have to worry about
dialog: Frank Bennett anymore.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: How can you say that? It’s his child
dialog: too. He won’t give up on his blood...
dialog: I should take Buddy and get far away
dialog: from here...
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I’m only going to tell you this one
dialog: time. Frank Bennett won't be bothering
dialog: you no more. That’s it. you
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: +«eDid you kill him?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No.
dialog: ° (sees Ruth doesn’t believe her)
dialog: You don’t believe me, do you?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Right now, I don’t know what to
dialog: believe.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 Pr
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Believe me when I tell you that I don’t
dialog: want you to move out.
text: Ruth looks at Idgie trying to comprehend this woman.
scene_heading: 119A INT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - DAY
text: Evelyn is munching on Ninny’s Crackerjacks, entranced.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: And Ruth never did leave.
scene_heading: 120 EXT. PIGGLY WIGGLY PARKING LOT - DAY - PRESENT
text: It is Saturday and it is jammed. Evelyn drives up and down,
text: lecking without luck for a parking space. Then, she stops
text: behind an ELDERLY MAN who is very slowly unloading his
text: groceries into the trunk of his car. She pulls over and turns
text: on her indicator, clearly waiting and out of the way. The old
text: man takes forever to finish.
scene_heading: 121 INT. CAR
text: Evelyn taps her nails on the steering wheel.
speaker_heading: EVELYN .
dialog: Come on. I don’t have forever. Let's
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 73
scene_heading: 122 EXT. PARKING LOT
text: The elderly man finds his keys in his left pants pocket and
text: finally gets into his car. Evelyn puts her car into gear.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Finally.
text: The old man backs out carefully, toward Evelyn. Once ti.s nose
text: of his car is out of the parking Place, a faded red VW Rabbit
text: convertible zips in the wrong way and parks in the place.
text: Two skinny, gum-chewing, teenage GIRLS hop out of the of the vw
text: which flaunts a bumper sticker that says, I BRAKE FOR REDNECKS
text: and head past Evelyn toward the store. She leans out her
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Excuse me, but I was waiting for that
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: GIRL I
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Yeah? Tough.
speaker_heading: GIRL II
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Face it lady, we're younger and faster.
text: The other Girl laughs and they walk on, full of the joyous
text: arrogance of youth. Evelyn sits there for a moment on the verge
text: of tears. Then, her jaw tightens, her knuckles on the steering
text: wheel tighten and her eyes harden with the resolve of...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (horse whisper)
dialog: TOWANDA!
text: Evelyn guns her car and swings the wheel and smashes into the
text: back of the surprised VW. A fender crumples. Evelyn backs up
text: and then smashes into the car again. The bumper drops off, two
text: hubcaps fly. The girls look back, stunned as Evelyn plows into
text: the VW again, harder. The whole back end is crumbled now. The
text: back window splinters. One of the girls runs towards the market
text: yelling.
speaker_heading: GIRL I
dialog: Help! Someone...
text: The other Girl grabs her arm and yanks her toward the cars.
text: Evelyn’s arms are rigid, eyes narrowed, she stomps on the gas.
text: Her car leaps forward. On impact, there is a trace of a smile
text: on her face. The Girls arrive, frantic, banging on the top of
text: Evelyn’s car, furious.
speaker_heading: GIRL II
dialog: What’re you doing? Are you crazy?
dialog: Stop!
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 74
text: Evelyn smiles her Clint Eastwood smile.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Face it honey, I’m older and I have
dialog: more insurance.
scene_heading: 123 INT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - DAY
text: Evelyn is coming down the hall carrying a large bag of carrots.
text: Janeen is pusning a gurney piled full of laundry. Evelyn sees
text: it, panics, and throws herself back up against the wall,
text: terrified. As Janeen goes by, she glances up at Evelyn and
dialog: says:
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: It’s okay honey. It’s just laundry.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thank God, you scared me to death.
text: They walk down the hall together.
scene_heading: 124 INT. ROSE HILLS LOBBY
text: Evelyn is plowing through her bag of carrots. She is highly
text: agitated. Ninny is worried.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I never get mad, Mrs. Threadgoode.
dialog: Never. The way I was raised, it was
dialog: bad manners. Well, I got mad and it
dialog: felt terrific! I felt like I could
dialog: beat the shit out of those punks,
dialog: excuse my language, beat them to a
dialog: pulp, beat them till they begged for
dialog: mercy...
text: With a wild laugh, Evelyn thrusts a fist into the air.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: TOWANDA, THE AVENGER! After I wipe out
dialog: the punks of this world, I/11l take on
text: the wife beaters, and machine gun their
dialog: genitals. Put little bombs in
text: PENTHOUSE and PLAYBOY so they explode
dialog: when you open then.
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: Towanda will go on the rampage!
dialog: (getting more excited)
dialog: Then, I’11 ban all fashion models
dialog: weighing less than one hundred thirty
dialog: pounds, give half the military budget
dialog: to people over sixty-five, and decree
text: wrinkles sexually desirable.
text: She thrusts her fist into the air.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 28, 1991
dialog: Ninny looks
speaker_heading: EVELYN
scene_heading: TOWANDA, RIGHTER oF WRONGS, QUEEN
text: WITHOUT COMPARE!
dialog: bewildered,
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: How many of then hormones are you
dialog: taking, honey?
scene_heading: 125° INZ. coucH HOUSE - pay
text: Dinner is on the table, but Evelyn isn’t sitting.
dialog: Her place is
text: already gone and Ed’s meal waits for him. Evelyn is running in
text: Place in her sweats ona little trampoline. Eq walks to the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What I can’t unde: stand is how you
dialog: Could hit someone six times by
dialog: accident,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh, Ed, don’t make a big deal about it.
text: He tastes his Supper and almost spits it out, -
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: It’s a low cholesterol meal.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Are you trying to kill me?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: If I was going to kill you, I’d use ny
dialog: hands.
text: Ed stares at her in total disbelief as she Continues jogging
text: and a Baby Ruth falls out of the pouch of her Sweatshirt.
scene_heading: 126 INT. RO
dialog: Ninny is sea
dialog: Evelyn walks
scene_heading: SE HILLS NURSING HOME - DAY
text: ‘ted by a window, a light rain is falling outside as
text: down a long corridor towards her.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: I’m worried about my little friend,
dialog: Evelyn. She said her husband, Ed, will
dialog: just be sitting arouna watching his
text: Sports on TV and she has an urge to
text: just hit him in the head with a
text: baseball bat.
speaker_heading: ” JANEEN
dialog: Hell, that seems normal to me.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 76
text: Evelyn jogs into the room and Ninny gets up. Evelyn hands her
text: a package of hard candies.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: -~ Why thank you, Evelyn.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: \ You're welcome, Mrs. Threadgoode. But,
dialog: you have to tell me something. Did
dialog: Idgie murder Frank Bennett or not?
dialog: Well, hold your horses, sweetheart.
dialog: Where were we?
dialog: (whispering to her) :
dialog: You didn’t kill Ed, now, did you?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: 1
dialog: '
dialog: No.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: \ . NINNY
dialog: : Good. Anyway, six years had passed
dialog: | since Bennett disappeared, and Curtis
text: ' Smoote was still hunting and pecking.
scene_heading: 127 ‘EXT. WHISTLE stop RAILROAD TRACKS - DAY - 1938
text: The kids are swinging from a rope that crosses the railroad
text: tracks and jumping off when they get to the other side, just as
dialog: | Buddy and Idgie did Many years before. Naughty Bird, Big
text: iw George’s daughter, says something to the boys and they stop
text: ' playing their game. Curtis Smoote walks by, sees Big George
text: working on a car nearby. .
scene_heading: 128 INT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE = DAY
text: Idgie, Smokey Lonesome and Grady are all sitting around the
text: ' table having a good time, while Sipsey is dusting off a
text: painting of the Last Supper while Ruth looks on.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Who’s that sitting up there with Mr.
dialog: Jesus?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: \ Why Sipsey, they're the brethren.
speaker_heading: i SIPSEY
dialog: I thought Miz Mary just had one boy.
text: 1 Idgie tries to suppress a laugh as Ruth realizes Sipsey’s
text: teasing. Curtis Smoote enters the cafe and glares ominously
text: over at Idgie.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Sipsey tell the story how you got Big
text: George off of the train cause his nother
dialog: was heading back to see her husband
dialog: who'd been in jail for the Past three
dialog: years and she didn’t think he cotton to
dialog: kindly te her being with child.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: That's the whole story, out I tells you
dialog: the one about the woman who was having
dialog: trouble giving birth so I gave her a
text: teaspoon of snuff and she sneezed so
dialog: hard that she shot the baby clear across
text: the end of the bed into the other room.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Sipsey you are a founding member of the
dialog: Liar’s Club.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You ought to change your name trom
dialog: Kilgore to killjoy. Smokey, tell us one
dialog: of yours.
text: A train whistle is heard and then brakes squealing.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Oh Lord, no.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Naughty Bird's with the boys?
text: They all run out of the cafe
speaker_heading: 129 OMIT 125 OM
scene_heading: 130 EXT. TRAIN TRACKS - DAY
text: From this distance, we see a crowd is gathering. The train has
text: stopped. The rope is swinging aimlessly above the tracks.
text: Naughty Bird’s is on her knees, hysterically erying. Ruth
text: approaches the crowd and they part. She lets out a scream when
text: she sees Buddy covered with blood. A car drives up to the
text: accident site, Idgie picks up Buddy, his arm has been mauled,
text: She carries a moaning Buddy Jr. to the car with the help of
dialog: Smokey Lonesome.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You gotta stop the bleeding, Ruth.
text: She puts her skirt tightly against his arn.
speaker_heading: BUDDY JR.
dialog: Am I gonna die?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Not today.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March i», 1991
text: Big George opens the car deor and they place Buddy Jr. inside
text: and then speed off towards the
scene_heading: 131 EXT. HOSPITAL
text: The car careens to a halt an
text: the car until a gurney is
text: Jr. is placed on the
dialog: hospital.
text: a Big George carries Buddy Jr. from
text: wheeled outside to meet then. Buddy
text: gurney and hustled into the hospital.
text: Ruth and Ideis run into the building while Big George follows,
text: but an ORDERLY stops Big George at the door.
text: Big George watches Buddy,
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: You’1l have to wait
dialog: outside. No coloreds allowed.
text: hospital. He walks around to
text: still covered with blood.
scene_heading: 131A LATER SAME LOCATION
text: Big George still waits.
text: beside hin.
text: Ruth and Idgie vanish into the
text: a low wall and sits, his hands
text: Idgie exits the hospital and sits
speaker_heading: IDGIE -
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: Make it okay....make it okay. You can
dialog: do whatever you want with me, but just
dialog: make it okay, and make Ruth okay too,
dialog: Please.
dialog: Amen.
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
scene_heading: 132 EXT. BACK OF CAFE - TIGHT ON TOMBSTONE THAT READS:
dialog: Idgie, a bunch of kids,
dialog: gathered around,
dialog: an Eagle
dialog: Here lies Buddy Jr.’s arn
dialog: 1932-1937
dialog: So leng old pal.
text: black and white, and a goat are
text: Scout is playing "Taps." Buddy Jr.
text: and Idgie, in old Arny hats, are standing at attention. Buddy
text: Jr. is saluting with his righ’
text: is missing above the elbow.
dialog: t
text: Ruth is praying and stops.
text: arm. We see that the left one
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I can understand having a funeral for
dialog: an arm, but I don’t know why she
text: insists on calling him Stump.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: She says that e@veryone’s gonna call hin
dialog: that anyway,
dialog: first.
dialog: we might as well be the
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 79
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Ice cream and cakes for everyone, in the
dialog: cafe.
text: Idgie walks up to Ruth, puts her arm around her and watches as
text: Buddy and the rest of the town’s kids head to the cafe for
dialog: dessert.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: My daddy used to say there’s a separate
dialog: God for children.
text: Idgie squeezes Ruth’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: NINNY (V.0.)
text: The Good Lord was watching over Stump
dialog: that day, but then Grady found Frank
text: Bennett’s truck. Idgie and Big George
dialog: went on trial and I just knew Idgie’d
dialog: never get out of this mess.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. RIVERBANK - WHISTLE STOP - 1938 AGAIN 1
text: A black truck is pulled out of the river. It is rusted and
text: worn. Tight on a Georgia plate. a sheriff's car rolls toa
text: halt and out walks Grady Kilgore. He stares at the license
text: Plate and confers with his deputy. He is not happy.
scene_heading: 134 EXT. COURTHOUSE, VALDOSTA, GEORGIA = DAY - DECEMBER 1938 1
text: A small Southern courthouse sits proudly on Main Street.
scene_heading: 135 INT. VALDOSTA COURTHOUSE - pay - DECEMBER 1938 L.
text: High panelled ceilings and varnished oak grace the roon. Ruth
text: and Grady are seated in the first row. Tdagie is on the stand
text: being questioned by the PROSECUTOR, a heavy-set, profusely
text: sweating man with wavy hair, a gold watch chain across his vest
text: and an unctuous manner.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Did you know Frank Bennett?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No, sir.
text: Murmurings from the crowd. The prosecutor looks at her
dialog: severely.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: You mean to tell me you never met the
dialog: man whose wife, Ruth, is your business
dialog: partner?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: That’s right.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
dialog: 8c
text: Scattered laughter. The JUDGE glares around and bangs his
dialog: gavel.
text: More laughter.
dialog: head and looks
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: You never threatened to kill Frank
text: Bennett at his home in front of his
dialog: hired man in August of nineteen twenty
dialog: eight? The same Frank Bennett you did
dialog: not know?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Oh that was me all right. 1 thought you
dialog: wanted to know if we had ever met, the
dialog: answer is no. I threatened to kill hin,
dialog: but we were never, what you might say,
text: Properly intreduced.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Is it not true that you came to Valdosta
dialog: in September of nineteen twenty eight
dialog: and took Frank Bennett’s wife and child
dialog: back to Alabana with you?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
text: Just the wife. The child cane later.
speaker_heading: : PROSECUTOR
dialog: How much later?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: The usual. Nine months.
text: The prosecutor is red faced. Ruth shakes her
text: at Grady who is smiling. iIn deference to Ruth,
text: he stops. The Judge bangs his gavel.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Is it true you spoke against Frank
dialog: Bennett to his wite and made her believe
dialog: he was not fit as a husband?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No, sir. She already knew that for a
dialog: fact.
text: Laughter. The Prosecutor glares at the Judge who shrugs. Ruth
text: looks down, embarrassed by all this talk
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: I suggest that you bribed this poor weak
dialog: woman with promises of money and liquor,
dialog: and that she lost control of her senses
text: momentarily, and when her husband cane
dialog: back to get her and take her hone, you
dialog: and your colored man murdered him in
text: cold blocd.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: . (screaming)
dialog: Where were you on the night of December
dialog: thirteenth, nineteen twenty nine?!!!
text: Sweat has curled Idgie’s hai~. She takes out a handkerchief
text: and wipes her face.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
text: At the town hall, doing a show.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: And after?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Over at my mother’s house.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Oh yes? Whe was with you?
speaker_heading: IDGIE-
dialog: Um... Just Big George and nyself.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: What about your mother? Can she
dialog: confirm that?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: No, sir. She died a year ago.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
text: (twirls his watch chain and tilts up
text: on his toes, addressing the jury)
dialog: So, Miss Threadgoode, you expect twelve
dialog: intelligent men to beliave you,
text: although one witness is dead and the
dialog: other is a colored man who is known to
dialog: be a worthless, no-good, lying nigger?
dialog: You are asking these men to take your
dialog: word for it, just because you say so?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
text: THAT’S RIGHT, YOU GUMP-FACED, BLOWN-UP,
scene_heading: BABOON-ASSED BASTARD! !
text: The room explodes. The Judge bangs his gavel.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: One more outburst like that and 1/11
dialog: hold you in contempt of court. you
dialog: understand?
text: Idgie nods. Big George covers his face with his hands. Ruth
text: and Grady exchange worried looks as Ruth comforts Stump.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 82
text: TIGHT ON Sipsey in the balcony who shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Oh Lord, she done it this time.
scene_heading: 136 INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Ruth is on the witness stand.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Did you know you were pregnant at the
dialog: time you left Valdosta?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: And yet, you tell us over and@ over that
dialog: you went with this woman willingly?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes. I wouldn't raise my child with
dialog: Frank Bennett.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: But why? Did this woman promise you
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No... No.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: A bigger home?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Then tell us Mrs. Bennett, why would a
dialog: respectable Christian woman go anywhere
dialog: with this Idgie Threadgoode?
text: He points to Idgie. The defender jumps up.
speaker_heading: DEFENDER
dialog: I object! Objection!!!
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: (overriding)
dialog: Whose reputation was known far and wide
dialog: as a notorious liar and drunkard?
speaker_heading: DEFENDER
dialog: Objection!! Objection!!!
dialog: fue A March 15, 1991
dialog: @
dialog: oe
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained...
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Why did you leave with Tdgie Threadgoode
dialog: that day????22?
text: Ruth sits looking at the Prosecutor, but does not answer....
text: Silence... there is a hush in the courtroom.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Answer the question, Mrs. Bennett,
text: Ruth looks at the Judge and then at Tdgie, whose eyes are fixed
dialog: on Ruth.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Because she’s the best friend I ever
dialog: had, and I love her.
text: Ruth smiles at Idgie weakly. Idgie looks around kind of proud.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: That‘’ll be all, Mrs. Bennett...
text: The defense lawyer gets up as Ruth takes a seat behind Idgie.
scene_heading: DEFENSE LAWYER
text: The defense calls, as its last witness,
dialog: the Reverend Herbert Scroggins.
text: Idgie is surprised and turns around. Reverend Scroggins sweeps
text: up the aisle Pompously and takes the stand. There is a lot of
text: mumbling in the crowd. Idgie leans over and whispers to Ruth.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I’m going to miss you. Thanks for all
dialog: the good times. :
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Place your right hand on the Bible
dialog: Please, Reverend.
text: Scroggins pulls out a Bible. aa
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS Looe
dialog: I brought my own, if you don’t mind.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Do you swear to tell the whole truth and
dialog: nothing but the truth?
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS
dialog: T do.
text: The defense lawyer paces back and forth.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
dialog: 84
scene_heading: DEFENSE LAWYER
dialog: You have information about the
text: whereabouts of Idgie Threadgocde and
dialog: her colored man, known as Big George,
dialog: on the night of December thirteenth,
dialog: nineteen twenty nine?
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS
dialog: Yes sir, I do.
scene_heading: DEFENSE LAWYER
dialog: It’s been suggested here that she and
text: her colored man were over at her
dialog: mother’s house. Can you confirm that?
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS
dialog: No sir. That is a lie.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Oh shit. :
text: Scroggins opens his personal Bible to the back.
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS
dialog: It’s been my habit to write down all
dialog: the dates of the activities of the
dialog: Church in my Bible and I show that the
dialog: night of December thirteenth, nineteen
dialog: twenty nine was the start of our annual
text: revival down at the Baptist campground.
text: Sister Threadgoode was there along with
dialog: her hired man, George Pullman, who was
text: in charge of the barbecue just as he
dialog: has been every year for the last ten
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Objection! This doesn’t mean anything.
dialog: The murder could’ve taken place anytime
dialog: in the next couple of days.
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS
dialog: Have you ever been to one of our
dialog: revivals?
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Well, no.
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS
dialog: (to lawyer)
dialog: Well, you should attend one then.
dialog: (to judge)
dialog: Our revival lasts three days and three
dialog: nights, your Honor.
scene_heading: DEFENSE LAWYER
dialog: Are you sure Miss Threadgoode was
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: SCROGGINS
dialog: (offended)
dialog: Of course, I’m sure.- We think so much
dialog: of Sister Threadgoode that several
dialog: ’ ~ members of our congregation have come
text: over in a bus to testify on her behals.
text: ih Eva Bates with a purse and a flowered hat and three or four
text: other derelicts from the River Club stand up and wave. The
text: audience goes wild. The Judge gives up banging his gavel.
text: 1 There is noise, We puts his fingers to his lips and lets out
text: ' an ear-splitting whistle. Both lawyers look over at hin,
text: : startled. He beckons them to the bench.
text: The Judge addresses his remarks to the prezecuter.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Percy, it don’t look like you got a
dialog: case at all. First of all, there’s no
dialog: body. Second, we got a preacher
dialog: nobody’s gonna dispute.
speaker_heading: ; . PROSECUTOR
dialog: : But, your honor...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I’m telling you, what you’ve got is a
dialog: i whole lot of nothing. ‘1 say Frank
dialog: Bennett got himself drunk, drove into
dialog: f the river, and was long ago eaten up
dialog: ~~ . and I don’t give a goddamn... What we
dialog: . got us here is a case of accidental
dialog: . death. Case dismissed!
text: He bangs his gavel, the crowd goes wild. Sipsey, Naughty
text: Bird’s and Naughty Bird @ancing in the balcony. As Reverend
text: , Scroggins leaves the stand and passes Idgie, he tips his hat to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: 1 SCROGGINS
dialog: : See you in church, Sister.
speaker_heading: a” IDGIE
dialog: \ T can’t believe it. He actually swore
dialog: Hy on the Bible...
speaker_heading: ! RUTH
dialog: | Well... not really. mf that judge had
dialog: looked close enough, he would have seen
dialog: 1 it was a copy of Moby Dick...
speaker_heading: | IDGIE
dialog: ; But... why did he do it?
speaker_heading: | RUTH .
dialog: wn For the sheer joy of seeing you in
dialog: church again, which I suggested to him
dialog: | would be your penance.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: You didn’t promise him dia you?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I did and I never break my word,
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: If I live a thousand years, I’1l never
dialog: forgive you for this. I don’t know
dialog: what's worse, church or jail.
scene_heading: 137 INT. NINNY’S ROOM/NURSING HOME - DAY - PRESENT
text: TIGHT ON MARY KAY MAKEUP KIT
text: Evelyn has Ninny in a chair and is making her up.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (handing Ninny a mirror)
dialog: There, don’t you look pretty?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Oh yes, honey. You’re gonna have ne
text: looking like Ginger Rogers before
dialog: you/re done. Don’t let Mister Dunaway
dialog: see me-~he’s liable to go wild.
dialog: (Evelyn laughs)
dialog: I’m so glad to see you in a better mood
dialog: and you’ve slimmed down quite a
dialog: the last few weeks.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m just so happy Idgie and Big
dialog: bit in
dialog: George
dialog: got off... I would've killed Frank
dialog: Bennett, if I could've.
dialog: (calming herself down)
dialog: Did anybody think she really did it?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Some said yes. Some said no. of
dialog: course nobody knows for sure except for
dialog: Frank Bennett - and you know what they
dialog: say, "Dead men tell no tales."
scene_heading: 138 INT. COUCH HOME - DAY
text: Evelyn is in the process of demolishing a wall.
text: a crow bar in one hand and a small sledge in the
text: She is holding
dialog: other. She is
text: enjoying the process immensely, aided by Beethoven's Ninth,
text: which gives her some real rhythm to her wrecking.
text: and sees Evelyn bashing through some sheet rock.
text: dumbfounded.
dialog: What on Earth are you doing?
text: Ed walks in
dialog: Ed is
speaker_heading: BE
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 87
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I need some light and air.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why don’t you step outside? Now stop
dialog: this, right now.
text: Evelyn takes her sledge and smashes a two by four and it
text: splinters to the ground. That’s her answer. Ed just shakas
text: his head and turns toward the dinner table.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No dinner either?
text: Evelyn just smiles. Ed turns and walks right out of the house.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ed, do you ever wonder why I’ve been
dialog: going to so many classes for all these
dialog: years. I’ve been trying to save our
dialog: marriage.
text: (Ed stops and stares at her)
dialog: What’s the point of my trying, if you
dialog: just sit on your butt drinking beer and
dialog: watching baseball? I’ve been making a
dialog: mistake, all right. Instead of going
dialog: to the Complete Woman Classes, I should
dialog: have been going to Karate.
text: Evelyn pauses for a moment and launches into another barrage of
text: punishing hammer blows, accompanied by Ludwig Von B.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME
text: A car with "Mary Kay" written on the side pulls into the
text: parking lot. Evelyn, dressed in a bright pink dress with a
text: forest green scarf flowing behind her, gets out carrying a huge
text: shopping bag and heads for the door. Everything about her is
text: different, her stride, her figure--she’s become quite
dialog: attractive.
scene_heading: 140 INT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - DAY
text: Evelyn is walking down the hallway towards Ninny’s room. As
text: she approaches the Aunt’s room, she hesitates as usual, but
text: this time walks with dignity past the room. No projectiles are
text: hurled. As she gets down the hall however, Mr. Dunaway again
text: comes rolling out of her room and has a non-fatal high speed
text: collision with the wall. Evelyn stops and stares at him in
text: awe. He’s fine and smiling.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why do you go back in there time after
dialog: time?
scene_heading: MR. DUNAWAY
text: She’s so lively.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
text: He smiles at Evelyn and she continues her journey.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Mrs. Couch...
text: Evelyn turns and sees a middle aged Black Woman heading towards
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: "OMAN
dialog: (catching u, with her)
dialog: I’m Sue. Mrs. Otis’s daughter-in-law.
dialog: She’s waiting in my car but I wanted to
dialog: introduce myself to you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Well, hello. How are you? I’ve heard
dialog: so much about you from mrs.
text: Threadgoode.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: She’s so sweet. She’s been looking
dialog: after my mother-in-law for years now.
dialog: Mrs. Threadgoode told me you’re doing
dialog: great with your new job... She's so
dialog: proud of you...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Well, it was her idea you know. How is
dialog: Mrs. Otis doing, by the way?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Oh much better, thank you. I guess it
dialog: just takes some time getting used to a
dialog: strange place...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well, I’m glad to hear it.: I know Mrs.
text: Threadgoode has been anxious to get
dialog: home for some time now...
speaker_heading: SUE -
dialog: Did she tell you that?
speaker_heading: . EVELYN
dialog: Yes. I think she’s mostly worried
dialog: about her house.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (stopping Evelyn)
dialog: Mrs. Couch, Mrs. Threadgoode doesn’t
dialog: have a house anymore. They tore that
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 8s
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: They had to, it was falling apart and
dialog: it.was condemned...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (devastated)
dialog: Oh no. Does she know that?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: No. We didn’t see any point in telling
dialog: her. It would just break her
dialog: heart...poor old thing...
scene_heading: 141 INT. NINNY’S ROOM
text: Ninny is asleep in her room, her dress inside out, the sun
text: washing out what little color she has. She looks transparent.
text: Evelyn is holding a gift and stops in the doorway, realizing
text: suddenly how old her friend is. Evelyn enters the room and
text: studies the wall by Ninny’s bed. It’s full of pictures of
text: sweetheart roses that have been cut out of magazines. Ninny
text: opens her eyes, smiling, pats her hair, gathers herself
dialog: together.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Oh, Evelyn, hello, do you like my
dialog: roses? Since I can’t get home to see
dialog: my own roses, I made myself a paper
dialog: garden. Got everything but the bugs.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: They’re lovely.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: {suppressing a yawn)
dialog: I can’t hardly get to sleep early like
dialog: everyone else here. I wait till I hear
text: the ten-twenty train whistle heading to
dialog: Atlanta, or maybe I just think I hear
dialog: it. It doesn’t matter. I still don’t
dialog: go off until I do. Have you been here
dialog: long?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I just got here. I shouldn’t’ve woken
dialog: you up.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Of course you should've. Don‘t you
dialog: ever let me sleep through a visitor‘’s
dialog: day, honey. I look forward to them all
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: So do I, to tell you the truth, Mrs.
dialog: Threadgoode, so do I. You know, it’s
dialog: funny, the people in Whistle Stop seem
dialog: more real to me than my own life. I
dialog: brought you something for your
dialog: birthday.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
text: Ninny opens a box with a birthday cake in it and some tried
text: . green tomatoes that Evelyn made wrapped-in a tin container.
text: Evelyn starts to hang party decorations all over the room.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: I can’t believe you remembered and you
dialog: made me fried green tomatoes.
dialog: (she tastes one)
dialog: They’re delicious.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It’s your recipe. Are they cold?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: No, they’re just the way we used to eat
dialog: them at the cafe. You couldn’t be
dialog: sweeter to me if you were my own
dialog: daughter. You know, I don’t feel
dialog: eighty-three. It just sorta slipped up
dialog: on me. One day it seemed I was a young
dialog: woman running around and the next day I
dialog: was just full of liver spots and
text: walking like molasses going up hill in
dialog: winter.
dialog: (looks at hands)
dialog: I just. never thought I would live this
dialog: long. Of course, the Lord takes us
dialog: home when he wants us. They say the
dialog: good die young.
text: Ninny looks off and we see she is tearing up.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: I was just thinking about Ruth.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE - DAY - 1939
text: The cafe is closed. A sign out front says "Closed due to
text: Illness". The paint is beginning to peel and the building is
text: echoing the sentiment of the sign.
speaker_heading: NINNY (V.0.)
dialog: After the trial was over, everything
dialog: went back to normal until that Spring
dialog: when Ruth lost her appetite and when
dialog: Dec Hadley looked at her, he said the
dialog: cancer was so bad she only had a couple
dialog: of weeks. We took her to the
dialog: Threadgoode house so she would be more
text: comfortable and Sipsey moved in with
text: her and never left her side.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
scene_heading: EXT. THREADGOODE HOUSE - DAY
dialog: 91
text: Out around the back, the boys are in the midst of a raging
text: baseball game. Buddy Jr., now aged 7, is the littlest one on
text: his team. He is batting and he keeps missing the pitch,
text: swinging awkwardly with one arm.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: You're steppin’ in the bucket. Stand
dialog: in there.
text: Tim pitches to him and Buddy, Jr. steps in the bucket and
text: misses the pitch. PEGGY HADLEY, age 6, is watching, concerned.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Stop picking on Stump, he’s only got
dialog: one arm. I/’m gonna tell your mamas.
text: She means well, but Buddy is completely humiliated by having a
text: girl stick up for him and he strikes out.
scene_heading: 143 INT. THREADGOODE HOUSE - RUTH’S ROOM - DAY
text: Ruth is in bed, quite obviously ill and in pain. Sipsey walks
text: over and sits with her when the dog runs in and puts his head
text: on the bed. Ruth pats it.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: There’s my old pal. . . Lay down now.
text: The dog does so by the side of the bed. Sipsey just stares at
text: Ruth. Ruth takes a deep breath and looks at Sipsey.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: I think it’s time I get Idgie.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No. Not right now.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
text: (Sipsey gives her a long look)
dialog: Nonsense. 1/11 go get her.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I don’t want her to see me like this.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: And you been a teacher all these years?
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: I’1l be back in a second.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Will you fix my hair please?
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Now you’re making sense.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1992
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER ROOM - DAY
text: Idgie is standing by the window watching Stump. Sipsey walks
dialog: ~~ up to her.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Miss Ruth wants you. +..Why you lookin’
dialog: at me like that, chila?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I don’t know if I can do it.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Do what? You’ve been with her for
dialog: years. What’s a matter with you
dialog: children?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What if I just start to cry?
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: You won’t. You'll be strong, girl.
dialog: : You’ll go in there and make her feel
dialog: \ warn.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (nedding, then to herself)
dialog: Can’t I just have her pain?
text: ao Idgie walks out of the room and Sipsey slowly follows.
scene_heading: INT RUTH’S ROOM - DAY
text: Idgie walks in and sits next to Ruth.
speaker_heading: : ‘RUTH
dialog: ' Idgie...
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: T know. 1/11 make sure he graduates no
dialog: matter what and I won’t let him out of
dialog: 1 : my sight.
speaker_heading: . RUTH
dialog: Yes, yes. But teach him to run like
dialog: : you do and ask questions and above all
dialog: 1 be free. And, Idgie, don’t let him
dialog: come to the funeral. I don’t want him
dialog: ' going through that.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Oh, for God’s sake. What funeral?
dialog: Will you stop talking like that? You
dialog: } gonna be hack on your feet feeling just
dialog: o~ fine in a few days. You wait and see.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Oh, Idgie I’m scared.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (trying to control herself)
dialog: ' : Just hold my hand. Do you want me to
dialog: on read to you? I brought some of that
dialog: poetry you like, Wordsworth.
dialog: |
speaker_heading: : RUTH
dialog: 1
dialog: (smiles weakly)
dialog: Now you want to read. oh Idgie, just
dialog: hold my hand.
speaker_heading: ' IDGIE
dialog: Ruth, I want to apologize for being so
dialog: difficult...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: ' That’s a lot of what I like about you.
dialog: . You’re so...s0...unique.
dialog: , (she moans)
dialog: . : I don’t know how much longer I can take
dialog: this. I remember reading Job when I was
text: } a little girl and not understanding what
dialog: 1 the purpose of his suffering was.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: ! Maybe God would have told us if he
dialog: wanted us to know.
speaker_heading: ~ RUTH
dialog: I Idgie Threadgoode, did I hear you
dialog: correctly? Did you say that cod has his
dialog: reasons?
speaker_heading: " IDGIE
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: ) Maybe he does.
text: i Ruth starts to laugh. Idgie looks at her quizzically for a
text: ' second and then she starts to laugh to, until they’re both at it
text: pretty good, when Sipsey peaks in the door and stares
text: \ incredulously. Then Buddy walks in, his head is down. He goes
text: \ and sits in the corner. It looks like he might have been erying
text: and there’s blood all down his shirt and under his nose.
dialog: {
speaker_heading: ! RUTH
dialog: ! Honey, what‘’s the matter...?
speaker_heading: ' BUDDY
dialog: , Nothing.
text: Clearly something is wrong. Ruth looks at Idgie for help.
speaker_heading: ’ IDGIE
dialog: ~ Your mother asked you a question, now
dialog: answer her.
text: Buddy can’t say anything. He’s on the verge of tears.
dialog: ‘
dialog: i
dialog: :
dialog: '
dialog: ‘
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I can’t bat worth a dime. f can’t
dialog: catch.
text: Idgie exchanges a look with Ruth. Tdgie gets her coat and goes
text: and puts her arm around hin.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Let’s go. You’re coming with ne,
dialog: nister. Let’s get your coat.
text: Ruth waves as Idgie and Buddy leave the room.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. RIVER CLUB - DAY
text: Idgie takes Stump out of her truck and they knock on the door.
text: Eva shows up.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What can I do for you?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
text: Two beers, right away.
scene_heading: LATER SAME LOCATION
text: Idgie is drinking both beers. Stump is watching her drink.
text: She is holding a baseball on her lap.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Did you get into a fight?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STUMP
dialog: I got punched in thi ose. I can’t
dialog: Play like everyone else.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Did I ever tell you the story about the
dialog: oysters, all the millions of then just
dialog: lying around?
speaker_heading: STUMP
dialog: And God puts sand in one and then it
dialog: makes a pearl?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Oh... Did I ever tell you about Eva’s
dialog: three legged dog?
speaker_heading: STUMP
dialog: How it never felt sorry for itself and
dialog: how I ought to be smarter than a dumb
dialog: dog and not feel sorry for myself?
speaker_heading: : IDGIE
dialog: You listen to everything I say, don’t
dialog: you?
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 95
speaker_heading: . STUMP
dialog: You get real mad when I don’t.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well you know about Mama?
speaker_heading: STUMP
text: She‘’s sick.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well now’s a time for courage, like the
dialog: time Big George. Did I ever tell you...
speaker_heading: STUMP
dialog: When he saved you from the wild hogs?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: They weren’t wild, but they were hogs
dialog: and he was brave. (beat) Then you
dialog: probably know that there are angels
text: masquerading as people and walking this
dialog: planet and your mom is the bravest one
dialog: of those.
text: Stump chokes up a. little then nods and then puts his arm around
text: Tdgie’s neck, nestling her and trying not to cry.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: So what do you say that you and I
dialog: practice some hitting?
speaker_heading: STUMP
dialog: I’d like that.
scene_heading: 145 INT. RUTH’S ROOM - DAY
text: Buddy runs into the room. Ruth opens her eyes and smiles
text: weakly.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Mama, I can hit. You should see me.
dialog: And Aunt Idgie hit me in the back with a
dialog: curve ball but I didn’t duck and I
dialog: hardly cried.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: She hit you?
dialog: (gives Idgie a look)
dialog: Well she did that to me once, too, but I
dialog: think I did ery.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Mama, I’m sorry if you’re sad.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Give me a big kiss and I’11 never be sad
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 96
text: Buddy kisses her. A pause.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: »+eAnd don’t you be sad either, promise?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Promise.
text: He line out of the room. She winces in pain.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Sipsey. . .
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Hold on, honey. I’m here. Don’t you
dialog: worry.
text: Sipsey holds up the needle in the sunlight, filling it full.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: No ma’am, my Jesus is a sweet Jesus. He
dialog: never meant for one of his babies to
dialog: suffer so. No ma’an.
text: Idgie can’t watch. She goes to the window and sees a group of
text: black men and women standing on the front lawn.
text: Idgie sits on Ruth’s bed. Ruth opens her eyes. There is a long
text: silence. Seeing the heartbreak in Idgie’s eyes, Ruth tries to
dialog: make it easier.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Are you sure you don’t want me to read
dialog: you anything?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes. Will you do one thing for me?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Be good to yourself, even settle down if
dialog: you find someone who can beat you in
dialog: poker.
text: Idgie can’t take it and has to walk away from Ruth.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Ruth, there are so many things I should
dialog: to tell you.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The past is past. (beat) I love your
dialog: stories. ...Tell me a story Idgie...
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 97
text: Idgie tries to speak, but for the first time since anyone’s
text: known her, nothing comes out. Ruth can’t help but notice and
text: loses her composure a little as she sees tears forming in
text: Idgie’s eyes. ‘ .
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: come on you old bee charmer, tell me a
dialog: good tall tale.
text: Idgie tries again, but can’t pull herself together.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Tell me about the lake.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: What lake?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The one that used to be here.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Oh...that was nothing but a lie.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I know, but tell me anyway.
text: Ruth closes her eyes. Idgie stares at her for a moment.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Tell me the story.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (with great difficulty)
dialog: Well..one time there was this great big
text: ol’ lake right outside of town.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh, we used to swim and fish and go
text: canoeing in it and then one day in
dialog: November, this big flock of ducks, oh
dialog: about forty or more landed right smack
text: in the middle of that lake and while
dialog: they were sitting there the temperature
dialog: dropped so fast the whole lake froze.
text: There is singing from outside.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: ...And the next thing we knew, they’d
dialog: flown off, and to this day that lake is
text: somewhere over in Georgia.
text: Idgie sobs and puts her head down on the side of the bed still
text: holding Ruth’s hand. Sipsey walks in and looks at Idgie and
text: Ruth. She quietly stops the clock and covers the mirror with a
text: shawl. She goes over to Idgie, who is still sobbing like her
dialog: heart will break.
speaker_heading: OES ERE ER eS Oe Eee
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: It’s all right, honey. Let her go.
dialog: Miz Ruth was a lady, and a lady always
dialog: knows when it’s time to leave.
scene_heading: 146 EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Ruth is being buried. A large crowd is present. Scroggins is
text: preaching. Idgie and Stump aren’t present. Csmera pans and
text: pans and pans until we find them in a neighboriny field,
text: tossing a baseball back and forth, Ruth’s request satisfied.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - FALL DAY - PRESENT
text: Evelyn and Ninny are sitting on the porch; tears are streaming
text: down Evelyn’s face.
text: A flock of birds fly by in the fall sky. Ninny shades her eyes
text: and looks up and watches them fade into the horizon.
speaker_heading: NINNY V.0.
dialog: It’s funny how strong Ruth affected
dialog: everyone. Even Smokey Lonesome. When
dialog: he died a few years back, he had one
text: possession on him, a picture of Ruth.
dialog: I think it was the only thing Smokey
dialog: ever stole. He was in love with her
dialog: from the first time he saw her. Oh
dialog: look at the birds... I shouldn’t have
dialog: told you this.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I hate death. It scares me so.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: (holding her hand)
dialog: I wouldn't be so frightened of death if
dialog: I were you, I’d be more scared driving
text: in rush hour traffic.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. U. OF ALABAMA - GRADUATION EXERCISES ~- 1953
text: THE CAMERA TRACKS slowly past very polished and highly
text: fashionable dr shoes. A pair of black wing tips, then white
dialog: pumps, black dress shoes, then white pumps, and so forth as we
text: hear off screen the names of the graduates being announced.
text: THE CAMERA arrives at stockinged bare feet with shoes nearby
text: leaning on one another. THE CAMERA TRACKS up the leg revealing
text: a run in the stocking until a white dress comes in view and
text: finally Idgie in a large hat, seated, trying not to fidget.
dialog: 
text: THE CAMERA PULLS BACK revealing Grady next to her with Cleo and
text: Sipsey and Big George, Dr. Hadley and his daughter Peggy, and
dialog: last but not least, Eva Bates and Rev. Scroggins. our group is
text: somewhat incongruous with the suits that surround then.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 99
speaker_heading: DEAN (0.S.)
dialog: (announcing)
text: Buddy Threadgoode, Junior.
text: Tdgie whistles and claps with pride.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. CAMPUS - DAY - LATER
text: Two shoes are being carried in one hand and a small package is
text: in Idgie’s other hand.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: This is for you.
text: Stump opens the box and takes out a beautiful gold watch.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Thanks, Aunt Idgie.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: It’s not from me, Buddy. Look on the
dialog: back.
text: He turns it over. The inscription reads simply: "I love you,
text: Mother." Tears spring into his eyes as he looks at Idgie and
text: hugs her.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Your mom would have been very proud.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I wish she could have been here.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: She is.
dialog: (trying to lighten the mood)
dialog: Run on, son. You and Peggy go be with
dialog: your friends.
text: Idgie watches him leave, hand in hand with Peggy. She starts to
text: walk down the grass to a secluded spot, when Grady comes over.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Hard to believe he’s a grown man now,
dialog: ready to get married.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Idgie starts to take off her stockings while she is walking,
text: hopping on one foot with a grace that only Idgie possesses.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: With the railroads shutting down one by
dialog: one, how much longer can you keep the
dialog: cafe open? .
dialog: (Idgie doesn’t respond)
dialog: You figured out what you’re going to do?
dialog: *GT JA March 19, 1992 lo
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: (Clearing throat)
dialog: You know, I’ve been thinking, You and
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: (pulling at his collar)
dialog: Getting married. (beat) Now that
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I appreciate the charity, Grady, but
dialog: let me tell you one thing: they may
dialog: put "Miss" on my tombstone, but as far
dialog: one? concerned, I haven't missed a
dialog: th.
text: Idgie takes a deep breath and starts to Jog toward where the
text: trees are. Her hat flies off and cartwheels across the campus.
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: (calling to her)
dialog: You mean I don’t stand a chance, not
dialog: even someday?
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: h, you might stand a chance Someday...
dialog: Tf you can catch me.
text: Grady smiles, takes a@ deep breath and heads out of frame.
scene_heading: 150 INT. coucy HOUSE - NIGHT .
text: The dinner table is set with two place settings and flowers.
text: Evelyn is busy at wor + but not in the kitchen. She is
text: building a wall in the identica) Space that she Performed her
text: demolition. She has lost a bit of Weight and looks great.
dialog: FGT JA March 19, 1991 lo
speaker_heading: NINNY (V.0.)
dialog: Of course, when the railroads shut down
dialog: and they put in ali those new super
dialog: highways nothing was ever the same.
text: Whistle stop was just left sitting
text: there by the tracks to fall apart. Time
dialog: just passed it by. .
text: Ed enters the house. He has flowers, too. Ed walks up to he-
text: and gives her a kiss and the flowers,
dialog: For you, honey.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh Ed, how sweet. Lilies, ny favorite.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I know, sometimes I even amaze myself,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What is the occasion?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: ++-T’m just sorry for the last few
dialog: months. I’m not exactly sure whit is
dialog: going on with you and I guess I aaven't
dialog: been very helpful with your job and
dialog: all... Why are you putting a wall up
dialog: where you were just tearing one down?
speaker_heading: : EVELYN
dialog: ++ewell, I made a mistake.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (walking on eggshells)
dialog: I don’t mean to seem dense or anything,
dialog: but what changed?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The air and the light. Ea, you know
dialog: how you used to tell me how you’d
dialog: always dreamed of having two women in
dialog: your house?
dialog: (Ed smiles slightly)
dialog: What if I were the younger of the two?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: IT don’t believe r gat your drift?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I want something more than I’ve ever
dialog: wanted anything before. ZI want to
dialog: bring Mrs, Threadgoode to our house. I
dialog: want her to live here. I want to give
dialog: her the home and the love she’s given
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 102
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: -...: (broad smile)
dialog: You‘re kidding?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m absolutely serious, That’s why I’n
text: putting the wall to Kyle’s room back
dialog: up.
dialog: =D
dialog: Evelyn, this is not Something you just
dialog: do. She’s an old woman, Who's going
dialog: take care of her if she get’s sick?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Iwill. I can’t leave her in that
dialog: hone.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This is not a stray cat or something,
dialog: She’s not even fan: ly.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: She’s family to me. Please Ed, do this
dialog: for ne?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This is absolutely out of the question.
dialog: Have you told her about this
dialog: harebrained idea of yours?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Good, now let’s just pretend this never
dialog: even came up.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m earning money now. I/11 pay for
dialog: everything and you wont have to do a
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It’s never going to happen so just
dialog: forget it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: {losing it)
dialog: Don’t ever say never to me. Don’t talk
dialog: to me like I’m some kind of pet that
dialog: goes wherever you point. Ed Couch,
dialog: just because you’re stuck in a rut
dialog: doesn’t mean I’n going to live there
dialog: with you forever.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, is91
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT ’D)
dialog: (calmly but deadly)
dialog: -:. -.,Someona helped. ne put-a-mirror in front
dialog: of my face and I didn’t like what I saw
dialog: one bit and you know what I did, I
dialog: changed. And you better too, cause
dialog: that someone was Mrs. Threadgoode, and
dialog: she needs my love and care now and I’m
dialog: going to give it to her, with you or
dialog: without you.
text: Evelyn walks to the kitchen and picks Up a covered plate and
text: slowly out the door. And then pops back in smiling.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And if you won’t listen to reason,
dialog: there's always Towanda.
text: She tosses a baseball bat across the room and it rolls right up
text: to Ed’s feet. she leaves. Ed Picks up the bat and starts to
text: swing it at some phantem baseball and then he takes a piece of
text: food on the table and eats it. He nods. It’s good.
scene_heading: 150A EXT. COUCH HOUSE - DAY 1
text: Evelyn gets in the car, madder than hell, starts the engine and
text: thinks about going back in the house, until she hears a banging
text: sound. She realizes it’s hammering and Ed is the man behind
text: the hammer. she smiles.
scene_heading: 151 INT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - Day
text: Evelyn comes down the hall carrying a picnic basket. As sne
text: passes by Ninny’s room and notices the door is open...she pops
text: her head in, thinking she might be there...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Hello...
text: She stops cold as she sees Ninny’s bed STRIPPED AND BARE! A
text: YOUNG NURSE she has never seen before is ripping down all of
text: Ninny’s pictures off the wall...throwing them in a waste paper
dialog: basket...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What are you doing? Stop that!! Those
dialog: are Mrs. Threadgoode’s things....
text: Evelyn goes over to her and picks up the waste basket and takes
dialog: things out.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What are you doing in here? Where is
dialog: Mrs. Threadgoode?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Who?
dialog: -~
scene_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 1o-
text: Evelyn furious...is trying to put things back on the wall...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Mrs. Threadgoode. ..the woman who lives
dialog: here. Are you deaf?!
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I’m sorry Miss. Al) they told me is
dialog: that the woman who lived here died this
dialog: morning.
text: Evelyn sits down on the other bed, stunned.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh God, when did it happen?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Early this morning...they told me to
dialog: take all this sture down. That's all r
dialog: know
text: The nurse continues to rip down pictures.
text: Evelyn looks up and sees the rest of the pictures being ripped
text: down. She jumps up and Pushes the nurse aside screaming...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Stop that, goddammit...what’s the
dialog: matter with you People? Can’t you wait
dialog: a goddamn day for Chrissakes? Don’t
dialog: you have any respect? Those are her
dialog: things.
text: She clutches the torn pieces of paper to her and sobs.
speaker_heading: NURSE . :
dialog: I’m sorry, Miss. They told me to get
text: this roon ready for another Patient.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well, she may be just another patient
dialog: to you, but she was my friend and Ir
dialog: loved her.
speaker_heading: NURSE :
dialog: Sorry, but I’m just following orders.
text: The girl continues to remove pictures from the wall.
speaker_heading: . EVELYN
dialog: Don’t you touch then. Get out!! Just
dialog: get out!!
text: Janeen comes in the door alarmed at the noise.
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: What in the world is going on?
dialog: Janeen sees
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1993
dialog: ic
speaker_heading: EVELYN :
dialog: Oh shut up. what aid you do, throw her
dialog: out with the laundry?
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: Calm down.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why didn’t you call me? You couj4 have
dialog: at least called before you sent uhtgs
dialog: idiot in here...
text: how upset Evelyn is and motions for the nurse to
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: I’m sorry, Mrs. Couch. It just never
dialog: occurred to me that you would take it
dialog: this hard.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I didn’t even get to tell her goodbye
dialog: and thank her for helping ne.
speaker_heading: JANEEN :
dialog: I know these things are hard, but she
dialog: died peacefully in her sleep. To tell
dialog: you the truth, r thought you'd be happy
dialog: for Mrs. Threadgoode.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Happy?
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: Yes, this is what she wanted.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: To be dead? .
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: Ne, to go home. you just missed her.
dialog: She left ina yellow cab not more than
dialog: half an hour ago.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: T don’t understand. A cab?
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: Yes, she said there wasn’t any reason
dialog: for her to stay here now that Mrs. otis
text: is dead.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Mrs. Otis died?
text: Janeen looks at her confused.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1992
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: ' . - Yes...
speaker_heading: ~~ EVELYN
dialog: (jumps up thrilled)
dialog: Mrs. Otis died!!!
text: She grabs Janeen and gives her a big kiss.
dialog: i
dialog: i
speaker_heading: | EVELYN
dialog: Not that I’m glad Mrs. otis died. It’s
dialog: | just that. . .
text: Suddenly her joy changes to alarn as she realizes that Ninny is
dialog: headed home...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: ' Oh my God, I’ve got to stop her...
text: Evelyn runs out of the roon. The young nurse comes back in and
text: ' looks at Janeen.
speaker_heading: i JANEEN
dialog: (continuing to clean the room)
dialog: She’s a nice woman, but I think she has
text: ’ some serious emotional problens.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: ~ Evelyn runs out and jumps into her car and squeals out of the
text: parking lot. She goes about a half a block and slams on the
dialog: brakes.
scene_heading: 153 INT. CAR
text: Evelyn is desperately Searching for a map in the glove
dialog: compartment... —
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (distressed, looking at map)
dialog: Where the hell is Whistle Stop....?
dialog: That’s right, it’s not on the map.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. FILLING STATION
scene_heading: GAS ATTENDANT
dialog: There's nothing out there anymore, just
dialog: a few houses....
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: know. Just tell me how I get there.
scene_heading: ~~ GAS ATTENDANT
dialog: Well, you go about a half a mile and
dialog: when you see the tracks, turn left and
dialog: keep going straight.
dialog: 10:
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 28, 1991 10
scene_heading: 155 EXT. WHISTLE STOP ~ pay
text: Evelyn arrives in Whistle Stop, which is virtually a ghost
text: town. She spots Ninny in front of an empty lot. She
text: approaches Ninny, who is crying and holding a small shoe box
text: and tending to the few remaining roses in her garden. Evelyn
text: puts her arms around Ninny and hugs her.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Hi Evelyn. Somebody stole my house.
dialog: It was right here when I left. Unless-
text: (she grabs Evelyn’s hand)
dialog: Oh, Evelyn, you don’t reckon I’n crazy,
dialog: do you? This is the Place it used to
dialog: be
text: Evelyn hugs her again.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No, honey. You're not crazy. This is
dialog: the place.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Who would want to steal an old lady’s
dialog: house? It wasn’t worth anything.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Nobody stole it, honey. They had to
dialog: tear it down--it was condemned. I’m
dialog: sorry, I should have told you before.
dialog: I was going to. . ,
text: Ninny turns and looks at the empty lot.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Cleo built that house for me when we
dialog: were just married--andg Now it’s gone.
dialog: Eighty three years worth of living and
dialog: all that’s left of me is just what’s in
dialog: this box, a bunch of old cards and
dialog: pictures.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But that’s not true. You're here.
dialog: You’re what’s important. Come on,
dialog: let’s go home.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: This is my home. And it’s gone. And
dialog: so is Mrs. Otis. You know, I don’t
dialog: quite know what to do. It’s the first
dialog: time that I can remember that I don’t
dialog: have anyone to look after.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You can look after me and Ed.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
text: Ninny starts to s
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: You’re sweet, but 1 think you're doing
dialog: just fine on your own.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Don’t you know you'd be like a gift for
dialog: us? You're the reason that I get up
dialog: every morning and that Mary Kay is
dialog: having such a good year, and that I
dialog: don’t look like a blob from some horror
dialog: movie. Well, maybe with a little help
dialog: from Idgie and Ruth. Come on. Let’s
dialog: go to my place.
dialog: prepared,
dialog: T’ve got a room all
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: And what does Ed
dialog: say about all this?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He’ll grow to love it.
dialog: mile and she head:
text: iS Slowly toward town.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Did I ever tell you that Mrs. otis was
dialog: Sipsey’s baby sister?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No, you didn’t,
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Yes, she was. Mrs. Otis was with
dialog: Sipsey and me the night Sipsey died.
dialog: They’d always sing gospel songs about
dialog: 
dialog: And that night before Sipsey
dialog: died, she told ne this dream that Jesus
dialog: came to her, all
text: Gressed in white. He
text: was the conductor of a ghost train and
dialog: was coming to take her to heaven.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE - 1932 - NIGHT
text: A black pickup truck Slowly drives
dialog: off lights. Noth
dialog: closer.
scene_heading: 157 INT. BACK oF
text: Sipsey is eating
dialog: Playing the gospe
dialog: Naughty Bird and
text: The back door is
text: room with a rifle
dialog: ing but the sound
speaker_heading: CAFE
dialog: biscuits and hone
dialog: 1 "I'm Going Home
dialog: Buddy Jr. both s1
dialog: kicked open. Fra:
dialog: and looks around
text: up behind the cafe, turns
text: of the leaves as he gets
text: yY and listening to the radio
dialog: on the Morning Train" while
text: eep peacefully.
text: nk Bennett crashes into the
text: + He heads for the crib.
dialog: Los
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1992 Lo
text: The back door is kicked open. Frank Bennett crashes into the
text: room with a rifle and looks around. He heads for the crib,
text: Startled, Sipsey runs at hin and he grabs her by her dress and
text: throws her across the room like @ rag doll. He goes over and is
text: standing over the crib, .
speaker_heading: . SIPSEY
dialog: (jumping up)
dialog: You leave that baby al-re. That’s Miss
dialog: Ruth’s baby!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Get away from ne, nigger, before 1 kill
dialog: you.
text: He slams her with the butt of the gun across the wide of her
text: face. She crashes against the wall, slides to the floor, out
text: cold, blood coming from her ear. Naughty Bird wakes Up, screams
text: and runs to her. Bennett picks up the baby, wraps him in a
text: blanket, and carries him out the back door.
scene_heading: . NAUGHTY BIRD
dialog: Wake up, Grandma, wake up.
text: Sipsey doesn’t respond.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. CAFE 1:
text: Frank comes out the back door, opens the door to his truck,
text: slips the Sleeping baby onto the seat.
text: As he backs out of the truck, Sipsey appears behind him, with
text: blood on her face, and clobbers him over the head with an iron
text: skillet. We hear a thunk. He falls heavy and silent as a tree.
text: Sipsey steps over the body and gathers the baby out of the truck
text: into her arms.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Ain’t nobody gonna get this baby, no
dialog: _ sir, not while I’m alive,
text: She heads for the Cafe with hin. Naughty Bird is frozen in the
text: Qoorway, watching her, terrified. Sipsey carries the baby past
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Go fetch Big George, honey. I done
dialog: killed me a white man.
scene_heading: 159 INT. SCHOOL AUDITORIUM = WHISTLE STOP = NIGHT 15
scene_heading: STAGE BANNER: 1932 CHRISTMAS FOLLIES
text: The whole town is jammed in. Idgie and Grady are on stage.
text: Grady is in a dress, Idgie in tails and top hat. Essie Rue is
text: on the piano,
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: One thing -a woman expects when she
dialog: marries is sympathy.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Well, haven‘t you got it since you
dialog: married me?
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: Yes, I sure have. From the whole town.
text: Laughter. Idgie comes off the
text: whispers to her.
scene_heading: 160 EXT. GARDEN SHED
text: stage. Big George shows up and
text: Idgie walks out shaken and looks at Big George. Sipsey joins
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Tt was self-defense.
dialog: He’d a taken
dialog: but, I.can‘t
dialog: caring why I
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: Buddy, over my dead body,
dialog: see a jury of white people
dialog: did it. Lord, looks like
dialog: T’ll be visiting you sooner than I
dialog: expected.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: Wait a minute. I’m not gonna sit on ny
dialog: butt and watch justice be butchered
dialog: again.
dialog: (Idgie starts to smile)
dialog: No... I guess it is hog boiling
dialog: time...
dialog: No ma’am. [It
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: *s too cold.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: I think you're wrong George.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. BACK oF CAFE - DAY
text: Big George is splitting some ribs and then dropping them in the
text: barbecue pot out behind the cafe. Grady and curtis smoote are
text: ‘standing there talking to him,
text: Naughty Bird stands behind her
text: father, her eyes as wide as saucers.
dialog: When is this
speaker_heading: GRADY
dialog: barbecue gonna be ready?
speaker_heading: BIG GEORGE
dialog: (sweat running down his face)
dialog: In a few minu
dialog: be ready in a
dialog: ites, yes suh...it’s gonna
dialog: few minutes.
dialog: ii
dialog: GT JA March 28, 1991 qi
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Did Idgie really barbecue Frank
dialog: Bennett, or are you Pulling my leg?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: (Ninny sniles devilishly)
dialog: The secret’s in the sauce or so I’m
dialog: told... And now you know why Idgie hada
dialog: to go to trial. She knew the law would
dialog: never have believed Sipsey. Nope,
dialog: Sipsey, Big George or anybody else of
dialog: Color would've been hangin’ from the
dialog: nearest tree. To this day, I’m stild
dialog: not sure whether Ruth ever believed
dialog: that Idgie didn’t ki12 Frank Bennett.
dialog: The truth’s a funny thing, sometines.
text: A beat of reflection and silence.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ninny, you've got to come to ny home
dialog: and live with me. You've got. to.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Evclyn, would Ed/s aunt be coming home
dialog: with you toe?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ho. She told Ed she didn’t want to
dialog: leave Mr. Dunaway--thank God! !
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Don’t you like her either?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: It’s not that. It‘s that I always
dialog: wanted to be an only child,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Come on, let’s walk back to the car.
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Oh, Evelyn, you've given me back my
dialog: hope, reminded ne what’s most important
dialog: in lite. you know what I think that
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What? *
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Friends, best friends.
dialog: (Evelyn hugs Ninny.)
dialog: .
dialog: il
text: The two men walk away...a8 Naughty Bird looks at her daddy. ..so
text: scared she has forgotten how to blink.
text: Idgie watches from the window.
scene_heading: 262 #=INT. CAFE KITCHEN - LATER
text: Sipsey is Placing two plates of barbecue on a tray.
speaker_heading: IDGIE
dialog: (calling trom cafe)
dialog: Sipsey.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: I’m coming. Hold on.
text: A knock at the screen door. Sipsey, harried, goes over and
text: opens the door~-ocie is standing there.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: OCcIE
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: We want sone barbecue. .
speaker_heading: SIPSEy
dialog: (slamming door in his face)
dialog: Not today you Gon’tll!
scene_heading: 163 INT. caFE - DAY
text: Sipsey passes by Letective Curtis Smocte who is Polishing off a
text: Plate of barbecue.
speaker_heading: CURTIS smooTE
dialog: I believe this is about the best
dialog: barbecue I ever ate.
speaker_heading: SIPSEY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Yes sir. the secret’s in the sauce.
text: Idgie’s grinning from ear to ear.
scene_heading: 164 Exr, WHISTLE stop CEMETERY - PRESENT DAY
text: Evelyn is walking with Ninny through the town of Whistle Stop.
text: Ninny stops at the church where there’s a cemetery.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Sipsey! My God.
dialog: le
dialog: That fryi: vata th £
dialog: vying pan More than fry
dialog: Chicken that night.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991 un
text: Ninny points at a tombstone which reads. "Ruth Jameson, Born
dialog: 1903=-Died 1939. Gone but net Forgotten." There’s sone
text: wildflowers and a note resting in the shade below the stone.
text: Evelyn picks up the note revealing a small jar of honey. She
text: opens the note and reads its) "77i7 always love you, the
text: beecharner." Evelyn sniles to herself and then notices Ninn
text: walking out of the cemetery towards the town of Whistle Stop.
text: Evelyn impulsively cries out:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Idgie?
text: Ninny instinctively turns her head and smiles at Evelyn, who
text: shakes her head for a second and then Scurries after her. From
text: the distance we can see Evelyn approach Ninny.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Tdgie’s still alive?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me?
speaker_heading: NINNY
dialog: You didn’t ask. she’s out there
dialog: sonewhere Tunning tree, charming bees
dialog: and selling honey. Every once in
text: awhile, I/11 catch a hint of her.
dialog: Maybe we/11 see her one day scon.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh. . . You've been holding out on nme,
dialog: haven’t you? Let/s go home and then
dialog: you’ll have to tell me everything.
text: Arm in arm they walk through the Gilapidated remains of the
text: town of Whistle Stop. Evelyn starts asking Ninny all the
text: questions that now come to her mind about Idgie’s life. THE
text: voices from the Past echo through this repository of memories
text: until we again hear the ghost train’s whistle and the clatter
text: of its wheels as it approaches the town. The red leaves of
text: fall start blowing in the wind as the train noise crescendoes.
text: And again no train actually appears.
text: down, everybody just scattered to the
dialog: winds. It was never more than just a
dialog: little knockabout Place, but now that 1
dialog: look back on it, when that care closed,
text: the heart of the town just stopped
dialog: beating, It is funny how a little
dialog: Place like this brought so many people
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: FGT JA March 19, 1991
text: THE CAMERA CRANES DOWN past Ninny and Evelyn as they walx
text: through the town. . THE CAMERA CONTINUES over the vines of the
dialog: Green Tomatoes, served at the whistle Stop Cafe."
text: THE END.
dialog: 
