dialog: 
speaker_heading: G.I. JANE
dialog: by
dialog: David Twohy
speaker_heading: FIRST DRAFT
dialog: August 6, 1995
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SENATE HEARING ROOM - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: Blinding in their white uniforms, naval flag officers sit
text: in the audience, showing their support for THEODORE HAYES,
text: a 50-year-old civilian. This is his confirmation hearing.
dialog: Reading from prepared material:
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: ... last few years have brought many
dialog: advances in the interests of women
dialog: in naval service, particularly in
dialog: the land-based maritime specialties.
dialog: What's more, the Navy has instituted
dialog: special sensitivity courses with an
dialog: eye on --
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa. "Land-based
dialog: maritime specialties." Gimme a
dialog: second here to de-euphemize that...
text: At the center of a dais, LILLIAN DEHAVEN leans back to
text: ponder the ceiling of the hearing room. Her plaque card
scene_heading: reads "CHAIRPERSON -- SENATE ARMS COMMITTEE." DeHaven is a
text: tough-hided old Southern belle, Scarlett O'Hara at 60.
text: In her arsenal she carries conversational hand-grenades --
text: and she's apt to pull a pin at the slightest whim.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Would that be anything like
dialog: "typing"? "Restocking the
dialog: cupboards"? That sort of thing, Mr.
dialog: Hayes?
text: CHUCKLES from the packed gallery. The flag officers go
text: stone-faced. Hayes forces a smile.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Hardly the case, Senator.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Well, I'm just an old dame without
dialog: much time left, so you'll pardon me
dialog: if I jump right in here before they
dialog: discontinue my blood-type. I am
dialog: deeply concerned over the Navy's
text: seemingly incontrovertible attitude
dialog: toward women in the military. Case
dialog: in point...
text: On cue, aides begin distributing reports to other members
text: of the dais. Hayes gets a copy, too. And it jars him.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: "The Lark Report."
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Madam Senator... this is an internal
dialog: document of the U.S. Navy. I must
dialog: seriously question whether --
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: (to others on panel)
dialog: The Navy's conclusion regarding the
text: crash of an F-14 aboard an aircraft
dialog: carrier. Female aviator, it just so
dialog: happens.
dialog: (to Hayes)
dialog: You're familiar with this report and
dialog: its conclusion, am I right?
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: I was one member of the investigating
dialog: commission.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Yes, I see your signature right here
dialog: -- twice the size of everyone
dialog: else's. And your conclusion was
dialog: "pilot error," hmm?
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: I'm really not prepared for any kind
dialog: of in-depth review of --
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: I'd like to think our next Secretary
dialog: of the Navy would be prepared for
dialog: anything, Mr. Hayes.
text: A humorless smile. She's roasting his nuts over an open
dialog: fire, and everyone knows it.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: The commission concluded that the
dialog: aviator in question failed to
dialog: execute a proper approach to the
dialog: carrier.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: That aside for the moment, I'm
text: struck by the tenor, the ill-spirit
dialog: of your report... the degrading
dialog: remarks by other aviators...
dialog: innuendo about her performance in
dialog: unrelated situations... even a
dialog: reference to her sexual activity the
dialog: weekend prior.
dialog: (closing report)
dialog: In my seven years on this committee,
dialog: I've never seen a downed aviator
dialog: treated like this. Never. I'm
dialog: deeply disturbed by this report, Mr.
dialog: Hayes. Not just what it bodes for
dialog: women in the military -- but for
dialog: your own confirmation as well.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: Heading for her office, DeHaven is escorted by a small
scene_heading: PRESS RETINUE.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: ... a full 35 percent of all jobs in
dialog: the U.S. military are still, to this
dialog: day, off-limits to women. And
dialog: that's simply gotta change.
speaker_heading: PRESS #1
dialog: What about those who say women
dialog: aren't suited for all jobs? That
dialog: they're physically weaker... they
dialog: have less stamina...
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Sure. And we're gonna hog the
dialog: bathroom, too.
text: DEHAVEN'S AIDE catches up, pulls her aside.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE
dialog: White House boys want a private
dialog: meeting.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: I'll act surprised.
scene_heading: INT. DEHAVEN'S OFFICE - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: Shoes dumped on her desk, DeHaven changes out knee-high
text: stockings while devoting one ear to...
speaker_heading: WHITE HOUSE #1
dialog: ... to reassure you that he has
dialog: every faith in the ability of Mr.
dialog: Hayes to guide the Navy into the
dialog: next century. The task, as the
dialog: Administration sees it, is to
dialog: acknowledge changing realities
dialog: without losing traditional values.
text: A beat. DeHaven looks between the two WHITE HOUSE boys --
text: #1 young and eager, #2 older and cagier.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: 'Zat it? Ten minutes, nothin' on
dialog: the table? Sweetcakes, you best go
dialog: back to the President and tell him
dialog: to open up the phone book and start
dialog: lookin' for his next nominee.
text: White House #1 looks spanked. Taking over, #2 pops a
text: briefcase. An inch-think report appears before DeHaven.
speaker_heading: WHITE HOUSE #2
dialog: Administration's plan for 100
dialog: percent integration. If female
text: candidates measure up in a series of
dialog: test cases, the President will
dialog: support full integration within
dialog: three years' time.
text: Surprised -- maybe even startled -- DeHaven flips through
text: the report, absorbing by osmosis.
speaker_heading: WHITE HOUSE #2
dialog: It's your gender-blind Navy,
dialog: Senator. Surely you're not going to
dialog: balk now.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Well, it's just that askin' you all
dialog: to integrate the Navy is like
text: sending a man to do a woman's job.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How do you propose to handle the
dialog: Combat Exclusion Laws?
speaker_heading: WHITE HOUSE #2
dialog: Keep narrowing the definitions.
dialog: Keep redefining.
speaker_heading: WHITE HOUSE #1
dialog: We got around it in Saudi Arabia.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: By calling women "Honorary Men."
dialog: Ingenious.
speaker_heading: WHITE HOUSE #2
dialog: C'mon, Senator, President's pitchin'
dialog: right down the center of your plate.
dialog: If women measure up to men, they've
dialog: got the job. You going to take a
dialog: swing? Or step out of the box?
text: DeHaven riffles the edges of the report, thinking it over.
text: Thinking light years ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: Buttoning up topcoats, the White House boys move down
text: marble steps to reach a pair of limousines. Hayes and two
text: FLAG OFFICERS wait.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: WHITE HOUSE #2
dialog: (shaking hand)
dialog: Congratulations, Mr. Secretary.
scene_heading: INT. HAYES' LIMOUSINE - DAY
text: Inside the moving car:
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: So she picks the women, we pick the
dialog: programs. Seals?
speaker_heading: FLAG OFFICER #1
dialog: I'd go Special Reconnaissance.
dialog: Every bit as tough -- and we have a
dialog: 60 percent drop-out rate among the
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Then I suggest we start there.
speaker_heading: FLAG OFFICER #1
dialog: Doesn't matter who she picks. No
dialog: woman is going to last one week in a
dialog: commando training course. And I
dialog: don't care who it is.
scene_heading: EXT. POTOMAC RIVER - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY
text: Winterscape: Dotted with ice floes, the Potomac wends
text: through the capitol city, banks iridescent with snow,
text: morning water calm. There's an almost hallowed beauty to
dialog: it all. Soon we pick out...
text: A spot of day-glo. Coming out of the mouth of morning.
text: Overtaking the floes.
text: CLOSER on JORDAN O'NEIL. She pushes her flat-water kayak
text: downriver, paddling hard and clean, making good time.
text: Gliding through the graceful arches of the Arlington
text: bridge, she passes...
text: Cars overhead. Grid-locked by snow conditions.
text: In seconds Jordan paddles clear, leaving the traffic
text: behind as she heads toward the Washington Monument.
text: Something BURRS from a life-vest pocket. She rips through
text: velcro to free a cell phone.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Lieutenant O'Neil.
speaker_heading: ROYCE (V.O.)
dialog: Gotta situation here. Where are
dialog: you? Stuck in traffic?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (checking dive watch)
dialog: Not due in for 22 minutes, sir.
dialog: Watcha got?
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - N.I.C. - DAY
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: All right, stand by, we're going to
dialog: switch over to COMSAT...
text: A TACTICAL OFFICER reroutes the call via defense
text: satellite, cryptography flashing on terminals. Lieutenant
text: Commander ROBERT ROYCE joins other Intel officers at a
text: conference table. They're pouring over weather charts,
text: navigation logs, high-altitude NRO video.
speaker_heading: TACTICAL OFFICER
dialog: Voice-system now secure...
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (into speaker)
dialog: Okay, fresh stuff: Lost a NATO
text: plane over the Sea of Japan. ELB
dialog: signals leads us to believe the
text: pilot is alive and has made his way
text: to the North Korean shore, near a
dialog: fishing village, "Tamyung."
speaker_heading: JORDAN (V.O.)
dialog: Do we know it's him using the
dialog: beacon? Not a decoy?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Signals received only sparingly, in
dialog: such a pattern that leads us to
dialog: conclude it is a downed aviator
text: trying to conserve his batteries.
speaker_heading: JORDAN (V.O.)
dialog: Chances of recovery?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: You're the analyst for East China,
dialog: O'Neil. Analyze.
scene_heading: EXT. POTOMAC RIVER - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY
text: Riding the current, Jordan blows a troubled sigh as she
text: accesses the file of her brain. Drifting past the
dialog: Jefferson Memorial:
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: North Korean beaches are the best
dialog: protected, most heavily monitored in
dialog: the world. The civilian population
dialog: is so propagandized that it acts as
dialog: an Early Warning system. Extraction
dialog: team has to be small and silent --
dialog: I'd go with Seals over Delta Force.
dialog: Problem is, don't want to hold a
dialog: conventional sub off-shore for
dialog: target practice. Where's The Polk?
scene_heading: INTERCUTTING:
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Halfway 'round the world. So that's
dialog: the problem -- we can get the team
dialog: in, just not out.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (an inspired beat)
dialog: Unless you Whiskey Run.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
text: Blank faces here, O'Neil.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Quick-hit technique used by Capone.
text: Rigged a getaway car with running
text: boards and handles. All his guys
dialog: had to do was jump on and take a
dialog: ride. Check the files -- DPRK-57 --
dialog: I doped it out as a contingency
dialog: plan: Seal Team infiltrates, picks
text: up the package, links up with
dialog: recovery sub. But don't waste time
text: opening and closing hatches. They
dialog: just grab the periscope and hang on
dialog: for neutral waters.
text: A dubious beat.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: You expect the extraction team to
dialog: ride the sub bare-back? Is that
dialog: correct, O'Neil?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
text: Only four minutes to neutral waters,
dialog: sir. Why not?
text: Silence on the radio: They're discussing her scenario
text: privately. During, Jordan's kayak reaches the junction of
text: the Potomac and the Anacostia rivers. On the far bank
dialog: lies...
text: Naval Intel Center (N.I.C.), bristling with communication
dialog: antennae.
text: Jordan stares at the complex, waiting for a response.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: All right, sending the
text: recommendation across the river.
dialog: Royce out.
text: The phone goes dead.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: No, thank you, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. SECURITY STATION - N.I.C. - DAY
text: Bundled in topcoat and scarves, military and civilian
text: employees transit a security station on their way inside.
text: Presently Jordan appears -- wearing a wetsuit and
text: balancing a collapsed kayak on her head. She flashes a
text: photo-badge and double-times inside.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - N.I.C. - DAY
text: Jordan exits a locker room. Smoothing out her Khaki
text: uniform, she heads down a broad corridor with cipher-lock
text: doors. Falling in step:
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: That was good headwork, lieutenant.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Thank you, sir. We hear back from
dialog: the Pentagon?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (scoffing)
dialog: Probably hear back from CNN first.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Hate this part. Just sweating it
text: out on the sidelines.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Intel has its own glory, lieutenant
dialog: -- no matter how subtle.
dialog: Now they reach...
scene_heading: INT. BULLPEN - N.I.C. - DAY
text: A circular chamber. Dominating the ground floor is the
text: bullpen, a hive of cubicles an computer stations. On the
text: second floor are executive offices, ringing the bullpen.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: By the way, I'll need that option
dialog: paper by 11-hundred today so I can
dialog: review it with Admiral Hanover. And
dialog: do we have any of that breakfast tea
dialog: around here?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (with a look)
dialog: Is this my glory, sir?
text: On the upper walkway, a frazzled N.I.C. SECRETARY
text: appears. She spots Royce and Jordan below.
scene_heading: N.I.C. SECRETARY
dialog: Excuse me, but I have Senator
dialog: DeHaven on the line for you.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Jesus God, what now?
text: He bounds up the stairs toward his office.
scene_heading: N.I.C. SECRETARY
dialog: I'm sorry, sir no -- she asked to
dialog: speak with Lieutenant O'Neil.
text: Royce turns back and gives Jordan a hall-of-fame look.
dialog: "Oh, really?"
scene_heading: INT. DEHAVEN'S OFFICE - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: So everyone I talk to says you're
text: top drawer with silk stockings
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: JORDAN (V.O.)
dialog: Thank you, ma'am. Um, may I ask
dialog: what this is regarding?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: (reading file)
dialog: High-school pentathlete... ROTC
dialog: scholarship, graduated with
dialog: honors... top marks in Basic
dialog: Training... and, as it just so
dialog: happens, a constituent of my home
dialog: state of Virginia. Oh, the things
dialog: I'll do for one extra vote.
scene_heading: INT. BULLPEN - N.I.C. - DAY
text: On the phone, Jordan glances around. Co-workers mull
text: within earshot. Those out of earshot post E-mail memos on
dialog: Jordan's computer: "Moving up in life." "I want a full
dialog: report." "Don't tell her who you really voted for."
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Lieutenant O'Neil, I am prepared to
dialog: nominate you for the Navy's Special
dialog: Reconnaissance program. Should you
dialog: accept, you'll ship out to Coronado
dialog: next week and join in the big
dialog: testosterone festival. Complete the
dialog: course, and you'll have a fast
dialog: ticket to any assignment you want.
dialog: That's my personal promise to you.
text: A beat as Jordan's mind catches up to her ears. Now
text: INTERRCUTTING the two:
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: "Coronado."
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: California.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I know that, sir. Ma'am. It's just
dialog: that... Beggin' your pardon,
dialog: Senator, but... do you understand
dialog: that this involves combat training?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: This is just a test case, O'Neil.
dialog: But if it works out -- if you work
dialog: out -- it could well change the
dialog: Navy's official policy on women in
dialog: combat. Or, actually, its official
dialog: non-policy. Now who's your
dialog: immediate superior there?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
text: Captain Dwyer. Technically.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: My office will fill him in and help
dialog: expedite. Look forward to meeting
dialog: you at the proper time. Jumping off
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Uh, question, ma'am.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Yes, dear.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Would I be the only one? The only
dialog: woman?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: There'll be more to follow -- but
dialog: yes, dear, right now you're the pick
dialog: of a very large litter. And your
dialog: success would mean a lot. Jumping,
dialog: now...
text: The line goes dead. Jordan hangs up catatonically.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Well, shit-a-doodle-do...
scene_heading: EXT. GUNKHOLE HARBOR - POTOMAC - NIGHT
text: A small gunkhole harbor up the Potomac. Snow falls thick
text: and silent on overturned canoes, stored for the winter.
text: Beyond stands a clapboard rental house.
scene_heading: INT. JORDAN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: It's not so much furnished as equipped -- scuba gear and
text: wetsuits in the mud room, life vests on coat racks, a
text: training bag and boxing gloves hanging in the living room.
dialog: In the kitchen we find...
text: A naked man. He's steeping tea.
speaker_heading: JORDAN (O.S.)
dialog: ... well, I survived Basic Training
dialog: and three brothers -- so I know how
dialog: to fight. What scares me are the
dialog: sexual politics. I don't want to be
dialog: turned into some poster girl for
dialog: women's rights.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS as the naked man carries a steaming mug
dialog: through the house...
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - JORDAN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ... and sets it down beside Jordan, languishing in a tub.
text: Snow builds on a window sill. Facing Jordan, the man
text: slides into the tub.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: So why're you even considering it?
dialog: Are you?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Just like you would be.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Spec-Recon. Those guys are world-
dialog: class warriors. And they will not
dialog: want you there, Jordan.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I take it you don't either. Feet.
text: Dutifully, Royce massages her feet.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Well, you're doin' shit-hot at
dialog: Intel.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Royce. We're the same age, we
dialog: started the same time -- and now
dialog: you're sitting in the upperdecks
dialog: while I'm still down in the bullpen.
dialog: What does that tell you about the
dialog: Navy?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (shaking head)
text: She's haze grey and underway...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You need operational duty to really
dialog: advance... you need combat training
dialog: to go operational... yet combat
dialog: training is off-limits to people
dialog: with tits. I'm topped out at Intel.
dialog: Forget the glass ceiling -- I'm
dialog: beating my head on a big brass
dialog: ceiling.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: So dump on me.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: This has nothing to do with you.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (getting out)
dialog: Well, guess I don't even need to be
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Get your dick back here. It has
dialog: everything to do with you.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: You're such a ball-breaker
dialog: sometimes. Especially at night.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sorry. But after our days...
dialog: (a thoughtful sip)
dialog: So if I try this thing... if I ship
dialog: out to Coronado... what happens
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: I'll try to keep the door open. If
dialog: you wash out, I make it so that --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Wai', wait. What happens if it
dialog: works? Four months of training,
dialog: three years of operational duty.
dialog: What then?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (blowing a sigh)
dialog: I don't feel like doing an option
dialog: paper on the rest of my life,
dialog: Jordan. Maybe we should just let it
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Which is guy-speak for...
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (conceding)
dialog: Sounded lame as soon as it came out
dialog: of my mouth. But I'm trying to be
dialog: honest, okay? Three years is a long
dialog: time. Don't ask me to predict how
dialog: I'll feel then, Jordan, because I
dialog: don't know. And either do you.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You know, right up until you said
dialog: that -- I thought I did know.
text: Wounded, she gets out.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Jordan...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Thank you, Royce. It was shaping up
dialog: like such a tough call -- and then
dialog: you go and make it so goddamn easy.
dialog: Really, thank you so much.
text: She punches into a robe and leaves. Royce considers
text: drowning himself in the tub.
scene_heading: EXT. CORONADO BRIDGE - SAN DIEGO - DAY
text: Jordan drives a top-down Mustang across the sweeping
text: Coronado Bridge, cityscape behind her, naval base ahead.
text: A flock of pelicans pace Jordan alongside the bridge.
text: Suddenly two NAVY HELOS BLAST overhead, scattering the
text: pelicans.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: On base, Jordan carries a gunnysack across an asphalt
text: courtyard. The is "the grinder," reminiscent of a
text: gladiator's arena. She notices at one end...
text: A silver ship's bell. Hung prominently.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Excuse me, lieutenant. I was told
dialog: this is where I check in.
text: A DUTY OFFICER looks up to find Jordan across a counter.
text: In no particular hurry, the duty officer makes his way
text: over to check Jordan's orders.
speaker_heading: DUTY OFFICER
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: So you're the one.
text: Hearing, other workers look up. Among them is a female
text: ensign, KATHY BLONDELL -- no makeup, no nail polish, no
text: concession to her sex. Throughout, she'll watch Jordan
text: with more than passing interest.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Still don't have my bearings yet.
dialog: Direct me to the officer's quarters?
text: The duty officer stamps her paperwork, returns it with
text: room assignment and keys.
speaker_heading: DUTY OFFICER
dialog: You'll proceed directly to the
dialog: infirmary for eye tests, blood
dialog: tests, urinalysis, pregnancy test.
dialog: Uniform issue adjacent. Then you're
dialog: to report to the Base Commander.
dialog: He'd like a word with you.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Fine. And the officer's quarters?
speaker_heading: DUTY OFFICER
dialog: C.O.'s office can supply you with
dialog: directions. Enjoy your visit,
dialog: lieutenant.
text: It's a nasty little barb -- one that Jordan decides to let
text: slide. Jordan turns for the door. Blondell catches up
text: with a base map.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: B.O.Q., south side. Take a
text: starboard tack out the door.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Thank you, ensign.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: No problem, lieutenant.
scene_heading: INT. C.O.'S OFFICE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: A soft KNOCKING.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Come.
text: A YEOMAN opens the door. Behind him is Jordan.
speaker_heading: YEOMAN
dialog: Lieutenant j.g. O'Neil reporting,
dialog: sir.
scene_heading: For a beat, COMMANDING OFFICER (C.O.) TURRENTINE takes
text: stock of the female in his doorway, sizing her up like a
text: fighter across the ring. Then he stubs out a perfectly
text: good cigar, rises with an amiable face, and touches the
text: back of a chair -- stopping just short of pulling it out
dialog: for her.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Yes, of course. Please, have a
dialog: seat, lieutenant...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Thank you, sir.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Would you care for a beverage? Tea?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I'm fine, sir.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: So. We're still coming to terms
dialog: with the exact protocol for this --
dialog: for integrating the Spec-Recon
dialog: training. It may not always be
dialog: smooth, but we're trying to make it
dialog: as painless as possible for you.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Thank you, sir. But I expect a
dialog: certain amount of pain.
text: More stock-taking. Is he looking at her hair?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Barber was my next stop, sir.
dialog: Would've had it regulation sooner,
dialog: only --
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Don't worry about it. If it's off
dialog: your collar and out of your eyes,
dialog: that's all I'm going to ask.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Really, I have no problem with --
dialog: C.O.
dialog: I'm not out to change your sex,
dialog: lieutenant. You'll have separate
dialog: beds, separate heads. If you have
dialog: specific medical needs, inform the
dialog: infirmary. If a classmate or
text: superior acts in an harassing or
dialog: otherwise unbecoming manner, please
dialog: inform me immediately so I can deal
dialog: with it immediately. Questions?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: None at this time, sir.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Then that's all I have to say.
dialog: Dismissed.
text: Another smile, another phantom gesture on the back of her
dialog: chair. If Jordan was expecting a fight, the bell never
text: sounded. She rises, salutes -- then turns back at the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sir, I just want you to know... I'm
dialog: not here to make a statement. I
dialog: don't want to make men look foolish.
dialog: All I care about is completing the
dialog: training and getting operational
dialog: experience -- just like everyone
dialog: else, I suspect.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: If you were like everyone else,
dialog: lieutenant, I suspect we wouldn't be
dialog: making statements about not making
dialog: statements, would we?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Take your leave.
scene_heading: EXT. B.O.Q. - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: The Spec-Recon TRAINEES loiter outside their open rooms,
text: pumping weights, hosing down dive gear, trading Walkman
dialog: tapes. This is the last day of liberty they'll have for a
dialog: long time.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: What am I scannin' here?
text: Other eyes quickly lock in on...
text: Jordan. Across a grass courtyard, she walks the ground
text: floor of an identical building, trying to match key number
text: to room number. Every door is open, every room empty.
text: Soon she feels the presence of...
text: The men. They're disgorging from their rooms -- ten,
text: twenty, thirty of them -- all buffed and cut. These guys
dialog: are what Hitler saw in his dreams.
text: Jordan picks up her pace. Where the hell is her room?
text: On all three levels of their building, the men shadow
text: Jordan en masse. Not hooting. Not leering. Just
dialog: assessing.
text: Jordan finds her room at the far corner of the building:
text: She's got the entire floor to herself. With a last look
text: over her shoulder, Jordan vanishes inside.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Special Reconnaissance. Here you
dialog: will be trained to infiltrate
dialog: hostile territory... to be the real-
dialog: time eyes on the ground... to
dialog: recover assigned targets and, if
dialog: need be, to fight your way out under
dialog: adverse conditions.
text: CAMERA SURVEYS faces of the trainees: MILLER, MCCOOL,
scene_heading: SLUTNIK, CORTEZ, FLEA, STAMM, ENGLAND, NEWBERRY, WICKWIRE.
dialog: We'll get to know them later. Dressed in Navy greens,
text: they stand in formation -- ten rows, ten deep, helmets in
text: hand. Pacing before them:
dialog: C.O.
dialog: That is all that will be said about
dialog: the special nature of this class --
dialog: by us or by you. Many of you have
dialog: waited years for admission to this
dialog: program. Opportunities like this
dialog: are rare -- and those who seize upon
dialog: them are rarer still.
text: He approaches Jordan. We can tell what she's thinking.
dialog: "Just keep moving. Don't single me out."
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Other than that, there is little to
dialog: be said but "Good luck, gentleman."
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: "Gentlepersons."
text: Jordan flinches.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Now I turn you over to the chief
dialog: training officer. He has earned six
dialog: naval commendations, the purple
dialog: heart, and the Navy Cross for
dialog: heroism and valor. I give you
dialog: Master Chief John James Urgayle.
text: Taking over, THE CHIEF stands before the class a moment,
text: sizing them up while giving them -- get an eyeload of him,
text: too: His body is 30 years old, his face 40, his eyes 50.
text: An ageless warrior. Somewhere, the blood of Ulysses runs
dialog: in this guy's veins.
text: The Chief lifts a bullhorn to deliver his opening salvo --
dialog: and it's anything but the kick-ass rant the class is
dialog: expecting:
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: The sun and moon... the ebb and flow
dialog: of the Pacific tides... global
dialog: warming... the very angle of the
dialog: Earth upon its axis... these are
dialog: just some of the things I control in
dialog: my world.
text: Trainees swap private looks.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: We're fucked.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Darth Vader reads poetry...
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: We are so fucked.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CORONADO NAVAL STATION - DAY
text: START on boots, crashing through shallow surf, spraying
dialog: water. We assume this is a routine beach run -- until
text: VIEW RISES to reveal...
text: Telephone poles on their shoulder. Working in groups of
text: 10, trainees labor under 300-pound poles. Jordan, six
text: inches shorter than most, looks like Atlas carrying the
text: weight of the world. But she's doing it.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: Count down... one, two... count
dialog: down... three, four...
speaker_heading: CLASS CADENCE
dialog: One, two, three, four... One, two,
dialog: three, four...
text: An ambulance shadows the class. Perched on the front
text: bumper like an hood-ornament, the Chief keeps working his
dialog: bullhorn:
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: You may think that you are the
dialog: brightest, the best, the strongest.
dialog: I assure you, that is a total
dialog: delusion on your part. It is my job
dialog: to show you just how weak human
dialog: beings can truly be. 60 percent of
dialog: you will not finish this course.
dialog: How do I know? Because that is an
dialog: historical fact.
dialog: It's also intimidating shit.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
text: Poles down.
text: The earth literally shakes as the phone poles hit the damp
text: sand. Approaching on foot, the Chief loads fresh
text: batteries into his bullhorn. He does it like a man
text: thumbing rounds into a shotgun.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Now for the bad new: I always like
dialog: to get one quitter on the first day.
dialog: And until I do, the first day does
dialog: not end. So look around right now
dialog: -- go on, do it. I wonder who it's
dialog: gonna be...
text: He passes right by Jordan, never meeting her eyes.
text: INSTRUCTOR PYRO steps up. He's the Chief's bulldog.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Down to BVDs!
text: The guys strip down to boxers. Jordan settles for boxers
text: and jog bra.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Now face the Pacific... link arms...
dialog: and take a stroll!
text: The class wades in. The first wave takes Jordan's breath
text: away: It's February, and the water is cold. When they
dialog: move out of instructors' earshot:
speaker_heading: STAMM
dialog: What is it with the damn phone
dialog: poles? We sign up for Spec-Recon or
dialog: GTE?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
text: Just trying to thin the herd.
dialog: That's all they want to do right
dialog: now.
text: Some of the guys are glancing Jordan's way, cashing in on
text: a cheap wet T-shirt contest. Jordan covers herself
dialog: instinctively -- and hates the instinct. Modesty isn't
dialog: going to get her through this.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Man. Doesn't she know it's rude to
dialog: point?
speaker_heading: NEWBERRY
dialog: Wow. You see that girl?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: I got eyes, Newberry.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: One night. Just one night in my
dialog: room, she'd forget all about playin'
dialog: commando.
speaker_heading: ENGLAND
dialog: Tone that shit down, Slutnik. You
dialog: heard with they said.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Out of the water!
text: The class breaks for the beach.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Now make like sugar cookies and roll
dialog: in the sand for me.
text: The trainees hit their bellies and roll. Indeed, they
dialog: look like sugar cookies.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Collect those poles, gentlemen.
dialog: Still a lotta beachfront you haven't
dialog: seen...
text: Groaning, the trainees grab poles. Jordan's pole, wet
text: slips from their collective grasp...
text: And bangs Stamm's ankle. He HOWLS through his teeth.
speaker_heading: ENGLAND
dialog: How bad? Stamm?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: We better get a medic over --
speaker_heading: STAMM
dialog: No, goddamnit. No.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: Up! Up! Up! Up!
text: Stamm swallows the pain. Poles go back on shoulders.
text: Looking like drunk centipedes, the class staggers off down
dialog: the beach.
scene_heading: EXT. MUD PIT - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Wallowing in mud, the class does belly-busters, atomic
text: sit-ups -- and the sadistic reverse push-up, where
text: trainees lie of their backs, place hands under shoulder
text: blades and push their crotches skyward.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Pain is your friend. You ally. It
dialog: will keep you awake in times of
dialog: emergency... it will tell you when
dialog: you are seriously injured... it will
dialog: keep you angry and remind you to
dialog: finish the job and get the hell
dialog: home. But you know the best thing
dialog: about pain?
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: No, sir!
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: It lets you know that you aren't
dialog: dead yet.
text: Instructors roam, RASPING ORDERS, kicking students into
text: proper position. Jordan struggles with the reverses.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Go regulation if you can't do the
dialog: reverses, O'Neil.
text: She looks around. A lot of the guys are having trouble
text: with the reverses, not just her.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Thank you, sir. But I like these
dialog: just fine.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Not doin' them very fine, O'Neil.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I'll try anyway, sir.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: You'll try what we tell you to try,
dialog: O'Neil. Go regulation.
text: She switches to standard push-ups, her face disappearing
text: into the ooze with every downstroke. Soon the Chief's
text: boots slosh into FRAME. He's still looking for his human
dialog: sacrifice.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Who's it gonna be. I just wonder,
dialog: who is it gonna be...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CORONADO NAVAL STATION - SUNSET
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: On your belly... on your back... on
dialog: your feet... on your belly... on
dialog: your back... on your feet...
text: Whistle-drills. Silhouetted against a lowering sun, the
text: students flop around like docked fish.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Blondell is ending her shift. She shoulders a purse and
text: pauses at a window, seeing...
text: The trainees shuffling into formation like the living
text: dead. Jordan is still among them.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: You have noticed a ship's bell
text: hanging at the west side of this
dialog: courtyard. If, at any time, you
dialog: feel you cannot continue with your
dialog: training -- that bell is your
dialog: salvation. Strike it three times,
text: and the ordeal is over.
text: Nervous eyes flick to the bell.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Yes, it is a long walk. So I'll
dialog: make it as easy as I can.
text: He turns his back to the class.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Now you don't have to watch me
dialog: watching you break rank. Because I
dialog: know someone here wants to do it.
text: CAMERA SEARCHES their faces. There isn't one trainee here
text: who hasn't thought about it. Including Jordan.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Now I know what you're thinking...
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: (low)
dialog: I'm thinkin' we could jump him right
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: "Can I really take 15 weeks of this
dialog: bubonic asshole?" If you don't know
dialog: the answer to that question, the
dialog: answer is "No, you cannot." And
dialog: that is another historical fact. So
dialog: do it. Admit you don't have what it
dialog: takes... admit you are out of your
dialog: depth -- or we're all heading back
text: to the beach right now.
dialog: (waiting a beat)
dialog: Instructors! Time hack!
text: Following the Chief's lead, Instructors lift their dive
dialog: watches.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Six... five... four... three...
dialog: two... one... HACK!
dialog: (to class)
text: The time is now 12-hundred. The sun
text: is shining brightly. Plenty of
text: daylight left for another phone-pole
dialog: run...
text: GROANS behind him. The groans give way to the SOUND OF
text: BOOTS breaking rank.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: BLONDELL'S POV: Of a lone figure crossing to the bell.
scene_heading: EXT. GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: QUICK CLOSEUPS of Miller, Slutnik, Wickwire, turning to
dialog: watch someone cross the grinder. At least we know who it
dialog: isn't.
text: CLOSE on the Chief as the BELL RINGS THREE TIMES. He
text: turns around to find...
text: Stamm at the bell.
text: For the first time, the Chief looks dead-bang at Jordan.
dialog: Was he expecting her?
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Leave your helmet there, Stamm.
text: Back to the barracks.
text: Stamm drops his helmet and limps away.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: The rest of you should remember one
dialog: thing. The only easy day was today.
dialog: Lieutenant Wickwire? Turning it
dialog: over to you.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Cuh-lass, face right!
text: They march off.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Dead-ass tired, Jordan slides her tray down the line,
text: piling on food that means nothing more than raw calories.
text: She heads for...
text: A table of trainees, one spot open. Seeing her coming,
text: the guys shift position. Suddenly the table is full.
speaker_heading: ENGLAND
dialog: Better look elsewhere, O'Neil.
text: Jordan glares. None of them meet her eyes. She wheels
text: around -- and now all eyes are on her, watching her ass
text: walk away. FEATURE Slutnik, the walking sperm bank.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Half a night, Lord, just gimme half
dialog: a night to set her straight...
text: Jordan tries another table. This one, too, becomes
text: abruptly full. As Jordan leaves, HOLD on Miller. He's a
dialog: human eclipse -- six-three, 220, the perfect commando
text: physique. Instructors wish they could clone him.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Average woman is 25 percent body
dialog: fat. That's one-quarter fat, man.
dialog: Think about that.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Nice distribution, though.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: No way does she makes this program.
dialog: No way.
text: After wandering the mess hall like a homeless person,
text: Jordan finds refuge at a table with female mess stewards.
text: They look at her with blank faces. No understanding. No
dialog: compassion.
scene_heading: EXT. B.O.Q. - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Jordan walks in a bathrobe, toweling her hair dry. She
text: fishes for keys at her door.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: It's not so much that they hate
dialog: you...
text: Jordan looks. Someone is sitting on an outdoor table,
text: smoking. He leans into the light so she can see his face.
text: It's Wickwire, the mid-30s lieutenant who doubles as class
text: officer. He's dangerously handsome.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: They're more afraid of you.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Well, now I feel so much better.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: It was made clear before you came --
dialog: harassment equals career suicide.
dialog: Can't say anything good, so they
dialog: don't say much at all. To your
dialog: face, anyway.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Whose orders were those?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: It was made clear.
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Anyway, stay ballsy. First week's
dialog: hell, then it levels out. Until
dialog: S.E.R.E. training, anyway. That's
dialog: hell-and-a-half.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: And how do you know that?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Made it to Week 10 last time.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I didn't know they let you try
dialog: again. Especially at your age.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: You're kind of a surprise yourself.
text: A faint grin from Wickwire before he shadows back across
text: the courtyard that separates the two B.O.Q. buildings.
text: Back across no-man's land.
scene_heading: INT. JORDAN'S B.O.Q. - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Two beds. Matching lockers. A desk, a chair, a mirror.
text: All overwhelmingly dull.
text: Jordan drops the robe off her shoulders to take inventory
text: of her body. Both sides of her neck are bruised from the
text: phone-pole run. Her back and thighs are sand-burned.
text: Mirror cuts abound. She's already a mess.
text: Jordan uncaps some cologne. It's a vestige of her old
text: life she's not going to surrender. She sniffs. Savors.
text: Dabs. Looks back in the mirror...
text: And breaks out laughing. It's like dropping a rose in a
dialog: cesspool.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER STRAND HIGHWAY - CORONADO - DAY
text: A PHOTOGRAPHER stands near a car parked just outside the
text: base. He's peering through a 600mm lens.
text: PHOTOGRAPHER'S POV: FOCUSING through cyclone fencing...
text: PANNING past the sand dunes... and finding green-clad
text: trainees gathered at an obstacle course.
scene_heading: EXT. OBSTACLE COURSE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: An explosion of sand: England and Wickwire belly-flop
text: into a sand pit and speed-crawl under barbed wire. Clear,
text: they gain their feet and blitz toward...
text: The rolling logs. They balance-beam their way to...
text: The rope climb. Racing to the top, they reach a platform
text: and fling themselves down onto...
text: The high poles. They land awkwardly, losing their wind
text: and their grip, tumbling into the sand pit below before...
text: Racing for the finish. The Chief thumbs a stopwatch.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: England, 88 seconds. You're good to
dialog: go for the slide-for-life.
dialog: Wickwire, roll back till you get
dialog: south of 90.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Fuck. Yes sir.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Who'd you kiss to get back in here,
dialog: anyway?
text: Wickwire dusts off and starts back for...
text: The starting line. Stepping up next is Cortez, the human
text: fighting cock. Jordan lines up beside him and psyches up
text: for the first obstacle -- and eight-foot sheer wall.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: Hang on, here...
text: He grabs something off a truck and positions it at the
text: base of the wall. It's a little two-step platform.
text: SNICKERS, MOANS from the guys. Cortez can barely contain
dialog: his disgust.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Aw, what is this...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (mortified)
dialog: Sir...
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: Don't have to use it, O'Neil, but
dialog: it's gotta go out.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Five... four... three...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I can make this wall without --
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: ... two... one... MARK!
text: Cortez blurs away. Jordan starts a step late.
text: Cortez takes the wall clean. Eschewing the two-step,
text: Jordan jumps right over it -- but jumps too far out
text: because of it. She takes the wall awkwardly.
text: INTERCUT the others as they break rank to follow, eager to
text: see Cortez blow her off the course.
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: Lesgo, Cortez, LESGO, GO, GO!
text: Cortez belly-flops into the sand pit -- and snags going
text: under the barbed wire.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Shit of a saint...
text: Catching up, Jordan clears the wire without a hitch and
dialog: leads going into...
text: The rolling logs. They both tight-rope across nimbly and
text: bound on toward...
text: Rope climb. Jordan starts up at a decent clip -- but
text: Cortez comes from behind like a chimp on white sugar,
text: doubling her speed.
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: Take her, take her here, Cortez...
dialog: lookit that monkey-man go... hoo-
dialog: yah, hoo-yah...
text: Cortez reaches the top platform. Now he's faced with...
text: The high poles. He's seen others land sideways and pay
text: the price. Trying another way, Cortez takes a flying
dialog: leap...
text: And WHUMPS down with legs astraddle. He tried to cushion
text: the landing with his hands -- and failed magnificently.
text: His balls took the brunt.
text: Jordan WHUMPS down beside him with legs astraddle -- and
text: shoots Cortez a "Hey, no problem" look. She rolls off the
dialog: poles...
text: And drops to the pit below. Cortez lands right behind.
dialog: Now it's a flat-out sprint for...
text: The finish line. He takes her at the tape.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Cortez, 93 seconds. O'Neil, 94.
dialog: Cortez, do a little rescue-recovery
dialog: on your gonads and line up again.
text: O'Neil... move ahead.
text: Heading back to the starting line, Jordan wheels around.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Say again, sir?
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: You heard me. Move on.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Aw, this is such bullshit...
text: Others GRUMBLE in commiseration. Jordan flushes with
dialog: anger.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Chief, sir, I don't understand
dialog: why --
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Educate her, Pyro.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Automatic five-second deduction,
dialog: which slips you under the wire.
dialog: It's called "gender-norming," O'Neil
dialog: -- standard procedure for all
dialog: females in physical training
dialog: courses. Where you been the last
dialog: few years?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: What "all females"? If I'm the
dialog: only --
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Twice now, I have said the words
dialog: "move on."
text: He turns his back, leaving no possibility of discussion.
text: Jordan stares after.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Can't live with them, can't kill
dialog: them. What's the point?
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Somebody throw a tent over this
dialog: circus.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: (low to Jordan)
dialog: Just let it go. If it's in your
dialog: favor, just shut the hell up and
dialog: take it.
scene_heading: EXT. B.O.Q. - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Dressed in bathrobe, Jordan reaches her door. She pauses
dialog: to check...
text: The outdoor table. No visitors tonight.
scene_heading: INT. JORDAN'S B.O.Q. - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Jordan pushes inside -- and stops when she sees the little
text: two-step platform. That awful crutch. Someone has put it
text: beside her bed.
text: Jordan wheels around to check...
scene_heading: EXT. B.O.Q. - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: The men' building. Slutnik and a few others loiter on a
text: balcony, mirroring her stare.
scene_heading: EXT. CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Hastily dressed, Jordan marches across the base. Her
text: march turns into an angry run as she cuts through parking
text: lots... jumps hedges... and finally reaches...
scene_heading: EXT. C.O.'S HOUSE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: An on-base bungalow. Jordan bangs on the front door until
text: the C.O.'S scowling face appears.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Pardon the hour, sir. But you told
dialog: me to come to you immediately if I
dialog: felt I was being mistreated in any
dialog: way.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Didn't take long.
text: He waves her inside.
scene_heading: INT. C.O.'S HOUSE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
dialog: C.O.
dialog: All right, lieutenant, give me a
dialog: name and specifics, I'll have the
dialog: X.O. file an action first thing in
dialog: the morning.
dialog: (waits)
dialog: A name?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: It's you, sir. And it started the
dialog: day I came here.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: (jolted)
dialog: Oh, really.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: It's this double-standard, the
text: separate quarters, the deferential
dialog: treatment. It's how you pulled out
dialog: my chair and nearly served high tea
dialog: the first time we met.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Because I was civil, now you're
dialog: complaining.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I can't afford civility, sir. How
dialog: am I supposed to fit in with these
dialog: guys when you've got me set up as an
dialog: outsider? Even if I make it under
dialog: these rules, I still lose, because
dialog: there'll always be a flag in my file
dialog: -- "Yeah, she made it, but..." I
dialog: mean, really -- why didn't you just
dialog: issue me a goddamn petticoat to wear
dialog: around the base?
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Did you just have a brain-fart?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Pardon?
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Did you just barge in here and curse
dialog: at your base commander? If so, I
dialog: regard that as a bonafide brain-
dialog: fart, and I resent it when people
dialog: fart inside my home.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I think you've resented me from the
dialog: start, sir.
text: Now, finally, her opponent steps into the ring. And he's
text: a bare-knuckle brawler.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: (building)
dialog: What I resent, lieutenant, is some
dialog: politician using my base as a test
dialog: tube for her grand social
dialog: experiment. What I resent is the
dialog: sensitivity training that is now
dialog: mandatory for my men... the day-care
dialog: center I have to build where an
dialog: officer's lounge used to be... and
dialog: the OB/GYN I have to keep on staff
dialog: just so someone can keep track of
dialog: your personal pap smears.
dialog: (drawing close)
dialog: But most of all, lieutenant, I
dialog: resent your perfume, however subtle
dialog: it may be, competing with the aroma
dialog: of my fine three-dollar-and-fifty-
dialog: nine cent cigar, which I will
dialog: happily put out this very instant if
dialog: the phallic nature of it happens to
dialog: offend your goddamn fragile
dialog: sensibilities. DOES IT?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: No, sir.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: No, sir, WHAT?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: The shape doesn't bother me. It's
dialog: just that goddamn rotten stench.
text: A dangerous beat -- before the C.O. disengages.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Well. 'Least now we're talking the
dialog: same language.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: So one standard. Is that what
dialog: you're after?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Same rules for everyone, sir.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Straight up?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Across the board, sir.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: And if you just happen to wash out,
dialog: I won't have to contend with you
dialog: bitchin' to some hairy-chested
dialog: female Senator? And please note I
dialog: did not identify any one in
dialog: particular.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Wouldn't dream of it, sir.
text: A deciding beat.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Then good night.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: So I'll get a fair shot?
dialog: C.O.
dialog: You'll get everything you want,
dialog: O'Neil. Let's see if you want what
dialog: you're gonna get.
scene_heading: INT. BARBER SHOP - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Jordan gets her hair cut to regulation length. It's over
dialog: in seconds.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Jordan slaps down old room keys and new orders. Blondell
text: scans the paperwork with deepening concern.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: This some kind of joke?
scene_heading: INT. JORDAN'S B.O.Q. - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Jordan tosses her belongings into a laundry bag. She
text: slings the bag over her shoulder, boots aside the hated
text: two-step on her way out...
scene_heading: EXT. B.O.Q. BUILDING - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: ... marches across the no-man's land...
scene_heading: INT. B.O.Q. ROOM - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: ... and bangs open a door. Slutnik sits up on his bed.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Well, who the shit you think you
dialog: are? Comin' in here like that?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Your new roommate.
text: Slutnik's face curdles. Jordan dumps her bag on an open
text: bunk and starts unpacking.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Anybody usin' these drawers here?
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Hey, hey, HEY. No possibility. You
dialog: can't stay in here. You can't sleep
dialog: right next to me.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Funny, the C.O. says I can.
text: She slaps orders on his chest, continues to unpack.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Aw, lookit this, lookit this --
dialog: she's bringin' Tampax in here.
dialog: C'mon, you got nothin' but rooms
dialog: over there.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: That your desk? I'll take this one.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: WOULD YOU JUST GET OUTTA HERE?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (whirling on him)
dialog: Listen, Sex Ape. I'm here to stay.
dialog: And if you don't want me for a
dialog: roommate or classmate, you got two
dialog: options -- move out or ring out.
dialog: End of file.
text: Slutnik stalks out. Jordan fires a look at the innocent
text: bystander here, McCool. He was studying at his desk when
dialog: the fireworks began.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: What about you, McCool? Any problem
dialog: with the room assignment?
text: McCool -- an imperturbable black lieutenant -- just goes
text: back to his manuals.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: "It's not a job -- it's an
dialog: adventure."
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: START on flares igniting overhead. FOLLOW the flares as
text: they parachute down into the surf to illuminate...
text: The class, standing in one long line, arms linked. As
text: black waves knock out their legs, we're reminded of show
text: girls kicking their way through some macabre review.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Firing flare guns and working their bullhorns:
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: 58 degrees this morning! That's not
dialog: a bad water temp, really -- if
dialog: you're standing where we are!
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: Slurred speech, lack of proper motor
dialog: control, short-term amnesia -- all
dialog: early signs of hypothermia!
dialog: Advanced hypothermia is easy to
dialog: detect in a classmate! He'll look
dialog: like he's dead!
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Body heat. In situations of extreme
dialog: cold, you can always count on body
dialog: heat to keep you alive -- and I do
dialog: not mean your own. We will break
dialog: you of the cultural barriers that
dialog: dictate you should not invade
dialog: another man's space. Are any of you
dialog: in a situation of extreme cold right
dialog: now?
dialog: INTERCUTTING trainees and instructors:
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: Yes, sir!
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Then why aren't you all over the man
dialog: next to you?
text: The class pivots 90 degrees and starts to close rank.
text: Behind Jordan, Montgomery (a.k.a. "Flea") hesitates:
text: He's a bantam-weight from Georgia, his manners bred into
text: the bone. He just can't find a delicate way to grab
text: Jordan without mounting her.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Just do it, okay?
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: If you can't feel the other guy's
dialog: pecker, you ain't in tight enough!
dialog: I want nuts to butts!
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Come on, Montgomery...
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: Flea! O'Neil! Why is there a break
dialog: in that line?
text: Finally Jordan grabs Flea by the neck, pushes him ahead
text: and mounts him. The class closes down into a long human
dialog: snake.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (in his ear)
dialog: Montgomery, why do they call you
dialog: "Flea"?
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: It's really "F. Lee Montgomery" --
dialog: but that gets whittled down to just
dialog: "Flea." For short, ma'am.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: So it really has nothing to do with
dialog: actual brain size?
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: No, ma'am.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Well, Flea, I appreciate the respect
dialog: you just showed me. But I don't
dialog: need it and don't want it -- not
dialog: that kind of respect, anyway. It's
dialog: just gonna hurt us both, okay?
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: I'll work on it, ma'am.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Do that.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: (to the Chief)
dialog: Time.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Check your watch, Pyro. Seems fast.
text: CAMERA POLLS the grim, blue-lipped faces in the water.
text: Jordan feels Flea starting to shake. Badly.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Hey. You okay, Flea?
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: 'Snot me. It's him.
text: Two bodies ahead, it's the big bruiser, Miller, who's
text: shuddering. Jordan feels him shaking through Flea.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Jesus, my hands... they aren't
dialog: workin' right...
speaker_heading: NEWBERRY
dialog: How long i'zis for?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: 'Sposed to be 20-minute intervals,
dialog: no more.
speaker_heading: NEWBERRY
dialog: Swear each time's gettin' longer.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: This where you bailed last time,
dialog: Wick?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Huh-uh -- but wasn't middla February
dialog: last time, either.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: How you doin', Miller? Miller?
text: No answer. Bad sign. On shore:
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: 22 minutes...
text: Ignoring, the Chief lifts his bullhorn:
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Remember, all this is completely
dialog: voluntary. For any of you who don't
dialog: want to continue, Instructor Johns
text: is now serving coffee and danish at
dialog: the ambulance.
text: A portable light comes on. Indeed, an instructor is
text: setting up coffee service.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Any takers?
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: He's the fuckin' Antichrist.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Wick! They really got donuts over
dialog: there? Or just some'a last night's
dialog: dinner rolls?
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: Look like donuts to me...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: What're you guys doing? Huh?
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Just askin'
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: What, you gonna give it all up for a
dialog: maple twist? How dumb you gotta be?
dialog: That's exactly what they --
text: Suddenly the line rips apart. It's Miller, breaking for
dialog: shore.
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: NO!
text: Soon the dyke is bursting everywhere: Four others break
text: rank, following Miller's lead.
text: The deserters stagger onto the beach. MEDICS close in
text: quick, draping them with blankets, shining flashlights in
text: their faces, asking brain-check question.
speaker_heading: MEDICS
dialog: Tell me what day this is... look at
dialog: me now... what city are you from,
dialog: sailor... here, look right here...
text: A medic nods to the Chief. No hypothermia. Not yet.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: You want another minute to think
dialog: about this? Huh?
dialog: (no response; to
dialog: Miller directly)
dialog: Do any of you want to reconsider?
text: Avoiding his eyes, Miller wags his head.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Johnson. Get 'em out of my scan.
text: It's a death sentence. As the quitters slouch for the
dialog: coffee truck...
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: By my watch... which, of course
dialog: appears to be broken... they've been
dialog: in 27 minutes without the benefit of
dialog: protective gear.
text: TIGHT on the Chief. Scanning the remaining trainees.
text: Thinking about holding out out for one more.
text: TIGHT on Jordan. Knowing who he's waiting for. Wondering
dialog: if she can outlast him.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (into bullhorn)
dialog: Everybody out.
text: With a SHIVERING CHEER, the trainees stampede ashore,
text: grabbing blankets, trading body-bumps and high-fives.
text: Jordan gets swept up in the esprit: They've conquered a
text: common enemy. But when she tries to get high-fived...
text: The guys turn their backs. It's a cold rebuff, worse then
dialog: any water.
text: HOLD TIGHT on Jordan. Shivering. Watching the guys drift
text: away. Hating them.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Hey. Way to gut it out.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Thanks, Wick.
scene_heading: INT. INSTRUCTOR'S OFFICE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: The instructors are shuffling muster lists, reorganizing
text: the class. B.G., the BELL TOLLS again and again.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: Miller. Thought the guy was made of
dialog: depleted uranium. Really didn't
dialog: expect to lose him.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Every class has its surprises, Pyro.
dialog: This one'll be no different.
scene_heading: EXT. GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Blondell crosses the grinder with another female ensign,
text: tall and striking. Passing the bell, Blondell checks
dialog: on...
text: The helmets lined up beneath. A dozen already.
text: An O.S. CADENCE CALL -- then, led by Wickwire, trainees
text: double-time into the grinder, uniforms drenched from a
text: beach run. Among them, still, is Jordan. It brings a
text: Mona Lisa smile to Blondell's face.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Change those clothes, be back here
dialog: in six minutes! And I am timing
dialog: you!
text: The class scatters. Slutnik hits the brakes when he sees
text: Blondell and her friend.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Jesus Christ. And I only got three
dialog: minutes apiece...
speaker_heading: ENGLAND
dialog: (jerking him away)
dialog: Barkin' up the wrong dress, Slutnik.
dialog: You ain't their type.
text: Overhearing, Jordan snaps a look at Blondell, only now
text: realizing. Their eyes meet.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: O'Neil! What're you gawking at?
scene_heading: INT. C.O.'S OFFICE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
speaker_heading: P.R. FLAK
dialog: (reading newspaper)
dialog: "... last week at Coronado. The
text: woman, identity unknown, is believed
dialog: to be the first female candidate for
dialog: the elite Special Reconnaissance
dialog: program. Her presence could signal
dialog: a shift in the Navy's long-standing
dialog: policy that excludes women from
dialog: combat positions."
text: The P.R. FLAK drops the newspaper on the C.O.'s desk.
text: It's the San Diego Tribune. Under the headline "G.I.
text: JANE," a photo shows a chesty sailor running the obstacle
dialog: course.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: (calling O.S.)
dialog: I'm asking again. Where is she?
speaker_heading: YEOMAN
dialog: Inbound now, sir. Had to pull her
text: out of the dive bell.
speaker_heading: P.R. FLAK
dialog: I have interview requests from two
dialog: local TV stations. And a
dialog: sociologist from U.C. San Diego
dialog: called, wanted to know if she could
dialog: examine the interaction between
dialog: "G.I. Jane" and the men.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: "A sociol..." Kill the interviews.
dialog: I don't need civilians nosin' around
dialog: in matters that are supposed to be
dialog: covert in nature. Just kill 'em
dialog: before this whole thing gets outta
dialog: con --
speaker_heading: YEOMAN
dialog: Senator DeHaven calling, sir.
text: The C.O. gets an instant headache.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE BARBER SHOP - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
speaker_heading: C.O. (V.O.)
text: Base Commander Turrentine speaking.
text: In the Senate barber shop, DeHaven is having her hair
text: colored. She holds a fax of the Tribune article in one
text: hand, a cell phone in the other.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: (hitting like a Scud)
dialog: Commander, are you of the habit of
text: letting photographers traipse around
dialog: your base snappin' their fill?
dialog: These were supposed to have been
dialog: discreet test cases --
scene_heading: INTERRCUTTING:
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Senator, they stand out on the
dialog: public highway with telephoto
dialog: lenses --
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: -- and now I got reporters from
dialog: Toadsquat, Iowa, calling my office
dialog: and askin' what I know about this
dialog: "G.I. Jane" thing.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: -- nothing I can do about it unless
dialog: you're suggesting I infringe on
dialog: their civil liberties -- which I'd
dialog: happily do if you'll just trim a
dialog: little fat off the Constitution.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Are you truly mouthin' off to a
dialog: senior member of the Senate Arms
dialog: Committee? I mean, I'll give you
dialog: points for style -- just nothin' for
dialog: smarts.
scene_heading: INT. C.O.'S OFFICE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: The C.O. double-takes as Jordan enters: She's sun-burned,
text: wind-burned, sand-burned, chapped and chaffed, bloody and
text: soggy. Her dive suit leaks onto the floor.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: See me, sir?
dialog: C.O.
dialog: You makin' friends with the press,
dialog: lieutenant?
text: He tosses her the paper. Jordan scans the article as
text: DeHaven continues over speakerphone:
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Well, seein's how this thing is out,
dialog: you let me handle the r.p.m. From
dialog: this point forward, I want all press
dialog: matters coordinated via my office.
dialog: I'll be god-damned if I'm gonna
dialog: watch Hayes pull flowers out of his
dialog: ass and take credit for this one.
dialog: Him or the President.
dialog: (aside to beautician)
dialog: This my shade? "Midnight Mahogany"?
dialog: 'Cuz I'm comin' dangerously close to
dialog: lookin' like Ronald Reagan here.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Your prerogative, Senator.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Awright. How's our girl doin',
dialog: anyway?
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Standing right here in my office.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Jordan, dear. How are they treating
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (catching C.O.'s
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Can't complain, ma'am.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Hmmm. Maybe I'll ask when I see you
dialog: in person.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Uh, ma'am.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Gonna be visiting that all-woman's
dialog: America's cup team in a few weeks --
dialog: If I were a gambler, I'd say Dennis
dialog: O'Conner's days are numbered. But
dialog: they're in San Diego, so I thought
dialog: I'd take a quick promenade of the
dialog: base.
text: Deafening silence. We aren't sure who dreads the idea
dialog: more -- the C.O. or Jordan.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Uh, V.I.P. security arrangements
dialog: generally take some time, Senator.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: "Security"? What the hell you
dialog: talkin' about? Your base isn't
dialog: secure?
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Of course, but there's more --
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Then set out the good plates, we'll
dialog: all have lunch. My office will
dialog: follow up with details. Jumping
dialog: off, now...
text: Phone goes dead. The C.O. gives Jordan a look one might
text: reserve for a lab technician who inadvertently unleashed
text: Ebola upon the world.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sir, I want you to know that I had
dialog: nothing to do with any of this. Not
dialog: this article, not --
dialog: C.O.
dialog: "We'll all have lunch." Good idea.
dialog: Oh, and let's be sure to invite this
dialog: sociologist, too -- just in case we
dialog: want to have a FUCKING BRIDGE GAME
dialog: AFTERWARDS!
speaker_heading: YEOMAN
dialog: Sir? Secretary Hayes calling.
text: The C.O.'s headache becomes a migraine.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (backing out)
dialog: Permission to leave, sir?
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Permission to evaporate, O'Neil.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE BARBER SHOP - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: DeHaven hands the phone to her aide. He's set up a
text: portable office in the next barber chair.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Think I overplayed it?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE
dialog: Congress and the Pentagon share a
dialog: lot of plumbing. They'll never know
dialog: whose leak it is.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: 150-pound rubber boats ("Zodiacs") litter the beach. The
text: class is breaking down into six-man crews.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Boat Five -- Wickwire, Cozad, Vinyl,
text: Intagliata, Ayers, and Wise.
dialog: Lieutenant Wickwire is your senior
dialog: officer. Follow his orders to your
dialog: death.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Get it up!
text: Crew Five finds their Zodiac, hoists it onto their heads.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Boat Six -- England, O'Neil, McCool,
text: Montgomery, Cortez, and Slutnik.
dialog: Lieutenant England is your senior
dialog: officer.
text: Jordan rolls her eyes: At least two of the guys in her
text: crew are blue-ribbon misogynists. Cortez and Slutnik
dialog: don't like it any better.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Ah, c'mon...
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Motherachrist...
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Me? Again?
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Somebody got a problem with the
dialog: muster?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Fine by me, sir!
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: No problem, sir!
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Full of joy here, sir!
text: Exchanging looks across their Zodiac, Jordan and her new
text: crewmates lift the boat overhead.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Boat Seven...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: With BATTLE CRIES, 12 boat crews charge into the teeth of
text: the POUNDING SURF. Some lose their boat to the first
text: wave; others clear the surf and scramble aboard.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: (into bullhorn)
dialog: First crew to finish gets hot food
dialog: and warm racks for the night! Rest
dialog: of you are digging hide-sites and
dialog: eating earthworms tonight!
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: Beyond the breakers, the Zodiacs run parallel to shore,
text: crews paddling furiously, racing the wind, the sun, the
text: other crews. Instructors shadow in power boats,
text: stopwatches running.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT SIX - OCEAN - DAY
speaker_heading: McCool
dialog: Don't wanna be pickin' no sandcrabs
dialog: outta my ass tonight!
speaker_heading: ENGLAND
dialog: So shutup and stroke, McCool!
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Hoo-yah! Hoo-yah!
text: Flea checks on Jordan. She paddles hard, really digging
text: in. Flea grins: On some level, he has to admire this
dialog: women.
text: Jordan catches the grin, gives one back.
text: Ahead, buoys mark the finish line. And just when it seems
dialog: victory is at hand...
text: THWUNK. Something hits Boat Six. Suddenly it's losing
text: air. Jordan torques around to see...
text: The Chief on a nearby boat, speargun in hand.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Your boat just hit razor coral.
dialog: What do you do now?
speaker_heading: ENGLAND
dialog: Patch and pump! C'mon! Whose ass
dialog: is on the kit?
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: I say keep paddlin'! We're
dialog: almost --
speaker_heading: ENGLAND
dialog: Forget it, McCool! Pri One is to
dialog: save the boat, not win a race! So
dialog: let's get on it!
text: They flail to save their sinking boat. Boat Five noses
text: past, stealing the lead. Wickwire tosses Jordan a passing
dialog: look. "Sorry, but..."
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER DUNES - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Up and down the dunes, crews are digging "hide-sites" --
text: six-man holes that will be their homes tonight. Cortez
text: and Slutnik are uprooting shrubs, collecting camouflage
dialog: material.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Four years I petition to get into
dialog: this program. Four years. Finally
dialog: get here, and now it's co-ed? Such
dialog: bullshit. Now I'm gettin' hammered
dialog: just 'cuz she's on our crew.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Least you don't have to sleep with
dialog: her every goddamn night.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Tellin' you, I'd rather be the last
dialog: class with balls than the first one
dialog: with chicks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER DUNES - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Jordan and Flea fill sand bags to shore up the walls of
text: their hide-site. England and McCool shovel back to back.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Had a grandaddy who wanted to be a
dialog: Navy man. Wanted to fire them big
text: guns on a big-ass battleship. But
dialog: Navy said to him, "Oh, no. You can
dialog: only do one thing on a battleship."
dialog: "Well what's that?" grandaddy said.
dialog: "Cook," they said. Now this ain't
dialog: 100 years ago -- I'm talkin' United
dialog: States Navy, middla World War II.
dialog: And you know the reason they gave
dialog: him? You know why they tol' my
dialog: grandaddy he couldn't fight for his
dialog: country?
speaker_heading: ENGLAND
dialog: He talked too much?
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: "Negroes can't see at night. Bad
dialog: night vision."
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You're kiddin' me.
text: Jordan jumps in the hole, ready to take over shoveling.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: See, you just the new nigger on the
dialog: block, O'Neil. That's all. And
dialog: maybe you moved in too early.
text: He climbs out. HOLD on Jordan, looking off down the
text: dunes, seeing the other crews covering up and going
dialog: underground for the night. How the hell did she wind up
dialog: here? So far from home?
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER STRAND HIGHWAY - DAY
text: A Jeep speeds along the public highway, carrying the C.O.
text: back to base. When the Jeep tops a rise:
dialog: C.O.
dialog: What in God's name...
text: Ahead, a half-dozen news crews are camped on the shoulder.
text: All cameras are trained on the base.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - GEORGETOWN APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: CAMERA FINDS Navy dress blues laid out on a bed... topcoat
text: draped on a chair-back... CNN on a television.
speaker_heading: CNN COMMENTATOR (TV)
dialog: ... is denying that it is
dialog: considering changing its long-held
dialog: policy of exclusion -- but it isn't
dialog: denying the presence of at least one
dialog: female in a heretofore all-male
dialog: program. Dubbed "G.I. Jane" by the
dialog: media, this woman is now undergoing
dialog: commando training at the Special
dialog: Warfare Command Center in San
dialog: Diego...
text: Half-shaven, Royce leans out of the bathroom in time to
dialog: catch...
text: Footage from Coronado: A woman in Navy greens is on a
text: beach run, loaded down with backpack and M-16. The NEWS
text: FOOTAGE ZOOMS IN, FREEZE FRAMES with the indelible image
dialog: that will be used over and over in coming weeks: Woman
text: cradling rifle. Madonna for the 21st century.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Goddamn. My poster girl.
speaker_heading: CNN COMMENTATOR (TV)
text: Senator DeHaven's office still has
dialog: not released the identity of the
text: woman, but DeHaven is confirming
dialog: that "G.I. Jane" has outlasted many
dialog: of her male counter-parts in the
dialog: program, said to be one of the most
dialog: grueling anywhere. Joining us now
dialog: on "Washington Tonight" for the
dialog: feminist perspective is Gloria
dialog: Allred, live from --
text: Royce snaps it off. He can't take anymore.
scene_heading: INT. BEAU-ART HALL - WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT
text: Beneath the coffered ceiling of a great Beau-Art hall, one
dialog: of Washington's power-tribes is celebrating. We find
text: gowned women, tuxedoed men, gold-braided naval officers, a
dialog: SWING BAND, and...
text: Secretary Hayes, newly confirmed. He beams as he dances
text: with his wife. Compliments and friendly barbs come from
dialog: all directions:
speaker_heading: COMPLIMENTS (O.S.)
dialog: Congratulations, Mr. Secretary. Say
dialog: hello to the President for me...
dialog: Maybe now you can change that carpet
dialog: in your office, Teddy... So what was
dialog: the deal you made with DeHaven? Or
dialog: was it the Devil? Always get them
dialog: confused...
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Didn't you hear? Effective
dialog: immediately, all navy vessels can no
dialog: longer be referred to as "she."
text: BRAYS of laughter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEAU-ART HALL - WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT
text: Royce, EXCUSING his way through the crowd, fixating on the
text: bar, leading his DIAL-A-DATE winner by the hand.
text: Conversations drift into earshot:
speaker_heading: VOICE #1
dialog: ... women are child-bearers. Life-
dialog: givers. Now we're going to make
dialog: them killers?
speaker_heading: VOICE #2
dialog: ... just don't have the upper-body
dialog: strength...
speaker_heading: VOICE #3
dialog: How strong do you need to be to
dialog: launch a rocket? To push a button
dialog: or pull a trigger?
text: Royce can't get away from it.
speaker_heading: DIAL-A-DATE
dialog: Are we going to dance?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Not right now.
text: Just yards from the bar, a Pentagon E-RINGER snags Royce's
dialog: elbow.
speaker_heading: E-RINGER
dialog: Commander Royce. How's life across
dialog: the river?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Little slow, sir. When's the
dialog: Pentagon going to send me a good
dialog: crisis?
speaker_heading: E-RINGER
dialog: I'll check my out-basket in the
dialog: morning. Say, do you know...
text: The E-Ringer turns to make introductions -- but finds his
text: CIRCLE OF FRIENDS embroiled in the topic du jour:
speaker_heading: CIRCLE #1
dialog: ... but men have trained as athletes
dialog: for 5,000 years. Women have been at
dialog: it for, what, couple of decades? Do
dialog: we really know the limits of their
dialog: strength?
speaker_heading: CIRCLE #2
dialog: Or their endurance? You know, 30
dialog: years ago, women marathoners were 90
text: minutes off the pace of the men.
dialog: Now, the women's time is probably
text: only 20 minutes off.
speaker_heading: CIRCLE #1
dialog: Try 15.
speaker_heading: CIRCLE #3
dialog: But what do female soldiers really
dialog: contribute? I mean, why is this
dialog: "G.I. Jane" there instead of a man?
text: Eyes drift to Royce, inviting him into the fray.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (to dial-a-date)
dialog: You wait right here. I'll get the
dialog: drinks.
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE - BEAU-ART HALL - NIGHT
text: Heading upstairs with an iceless rum. Royce finds a calm
text: and secluded place to get drunk in peace and quiet.
speaker_heading: VOICE #1
dialog: Take my word for it. It's just not
dialog: going to happen. Not now, not
dialog: anytime soon.
speaker_heading: VOICE #2
dialog: You're guaranteeing that?
text: Royce frowns: He thought he was alone. He tracks the
text: voices to a forced-air vent beside the chaise.
speaker_heading: VOICE #1
dialog: I have it on unorthodox but reliable
dialog: authority that combat positions will
dialog: remain off-limits. Despite what's
dialog: happening with our Babe in Boyland.
text: Alarms go off in Royce's head. He moves quickly to a
text: railing, looks down.
text: ROYCE'S POV: Of two naval officers on the floor below.
text: They stand beside a matching vent. It's impossible to see
text: faces from this angle -- but one man has a distinct bald
dialog: spot.
speaker_heading: NAVAL OFFICER (VOICE #1)
dialog: Well, isn't that what these test
dialog: cases are supposed to decide?
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Unless, of course, you're suggesting
text: that "G.I. Jane" is on her way to
dialog: becoming "Jane Doe"...
speaker_heading: BALD SPOT (VOICE #2)
dialog: All I'm saying is that we won't be
dialog: integrating -- despite the rhetoric
text: coming off Capitol Hill, despite
dialog: what's happening in Coronado. And
dialog: you did not hear it from me.
speaker_heading: NAVAL OFFICER (VOICE #1)
dialog: Hear what?
text: A conspiratorial handshake. The men split up.
scene_heading: INT. BEAU-ART HALL - WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT
text: Royce flashes down the stairs. Hitting main floor, he
text: looks around and then bumps into...
speaker_heading: DIAL-A-DATE
dialog: There you are. Can we please dance
dialog: now?
text: Over her shoulder, Royce spies Bald Spot heading for the
text: cloak room. Royce commandeers the nearest J.O.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Lieutenant!
dialog: J.O.
dialog: Yes sir?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Take a dance!
scene_heading: INT. BEAU-ART HALL - WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT
text: Royce bobs and weaves through the crowd, trying to keep
dialog: sight of...
text: Bald Spot. Pushing through the exit doors.
text: Only steps behind, Royce shoulders through the doors...
scene_heading: EXT. BEAU-ART HALL - WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT
text: And blasts outside, intending to shake some answers out of
dialog: Bald Spot. But here Royce finds...
text: A dozen naval officers waiting for their cars. All of
dialog: them now wear caps.
text: Royce tries to check faces of the quickly departing men.
dialog: but it could have been anyone.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: A high-speed transport ("Seafox") is SLAMMING OVER SWELLS.
text: Lashed to one side is a rubber life boat.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAFOX - OCEAN - DAY
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Crew Six! Stand by!
speaker_heading: ENGLAND
dialog: Flea! 'Cool! O'Neil! Cortez!
dialog: Slutnik! In that order! Five-
dialog: second intervals! Let's go!
text: England's crew lines up for cast-and-recover drills: One
text: by one, they speed-roll off the transport...
text: ... and drop into the life boat. After quickly
text: stabilizing, they roll off the life boat...
text: ... and disappear underwater like human bullets. England
text: is last to cast off.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: Jordan resurfaces. Treading water, she scans for...
text: Seafox. It makes a hard turn in the water and starts
text: back. The recovery rig -- a big flexible loop -- is
text: lowered into position.
text: Still hauling ass, Seafox picks up the trainees in reverse
text: order -- England, Slutnik, Cortez. They each stab an arm
text: through the passing loop...
scene_heading: EXT. SEAFOX - OCEAN - DAY
text: ... and vault back aboard, slick as hell.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Hoo-yah! Better'n sex in a car
dialog: crash!
dialog: But now they're bearing down fast on...
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: Jordan. She braces as best she can. As SEAFOX THUNDERS
text: past, she stabs for the loop...
text: And snags it with her hand. But only her hand.
text: Hanging on grimly, Jordan drags face down in torrential
text: water. Her mouth gropes for clean air but can't find it.
text: If she doesn't let go soon, she'll drown.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAFOX - OCEAN - DAY
text: At the stern, the Chief spots Jordan bobbing up in the
text: boat's wake.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (to pilot)
dialog: Next recovery! Keep goin', keep
dialog: goin'!
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: COUGHING up water, Jordan watches Seafox speed on toward
text: McCool and Flea. They make textbook recoveries. She's
dialog: the only one who couldn't cut it.
scene_heading: INT. WOMEN'S SHOWERS - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Head hung, Jordan showers alone.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF (O.S.)
dialog: You know, the Israelis...
text: Jordan recoils. Christ, how long has he been there? Just
dialog: standing in the doorway?
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: ... they tried women in the 1967
dialog: War. Female soldiers.
text: With forced calm, Jordan squeaks off the water and finds a
dialog: towel.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Permission to get dressed, sir?
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: It seems the men couldn't get used
text: to the sight of women blown open and
text: their viscera hanging from tree
dialog: limbs. Israeli men would linger
dialog: over wounded females -- often to the
dialog: detriment of the mission, often
text: endangering their own lives. They
dialog: don't use women anymore.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (moving closer)
dialog: Sir, someone mentioned you received
dialog: the Navy Cross. May I ask what you
dialog: got it for?
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
text: For pulling a 210-pound man out of a
text: burning barrack in Saudi Arabia.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I see. So when a man tries to
dialog: rescue another man, he's a hero.
text: But when he tries to rescue a woman,
dialog: he's gone soft.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Could you have pulled that 210-pound
dialog: man clear, lieutenant?
text: She can't say yes. She wants to but can't.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Females in combat situations impact
dialog: unit cohesion. Men fight better
dialog: without women around. And that is
dialog: an historical fact.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: It also seems like a problem with
dialog: the men's attitude, sir. So maybe
dialog: you should be sniffing around their
dialog: shower room instead.
text: She shoulders past. The Chief gives her a few steps
text: before dropping his bomb:
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: England went out with a stress
dialog: fracture. That puts you in charge,
dialog: lieutenant.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (off-balance)
dialog: McCool's that same rank. We're both
dialog: j.g.'s.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: You were commissioned one month
dialog: earlier, which makes you the senior
dialog: officer.
dialog: (passing her on his
dialog: way out)
dialog: Remember. There are no bad crews --
dialog: only bad leaders.
scene_heading: INT. ARTILLERY RANGE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Trainees are getting familiar with M-60 machine guns,
text: firing SHORT BURST at downfield targets.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: No operational experience, and now
dialog: she's callin' the shots?
dialog: Unbelievable.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Suppose she'll wanna eat with us
dialog: now...
text: Jordan overhears them BITCHING. She steps up to an open
text: slot -- and proceeds to WAIL AWAY with her M-60, tracer
text: rounds blazing. Her target vaporized, she keeps WAILING
text: madly, taking out Slutnik's target... then Cortez's...
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: O'Neil... O'Neil... O'NEIL!
text: Finally she stops.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: One burst, one body, O'Neil! What
dialog: the fuck you trying to do? Spell
dialog: your name?
dialog: (to class)
dialog: You are not infantry! Your
dialog: firepower is limited! Excessive
dialog: killing only risks compromise...
text: Reloading, Jordan tosses a look at Slutnik and Cortez.
dialog: Ain't nobody bitchin' now.
scene_heading: EXT. MESS HALL - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BLONDELL (O.S.)
text: S.E.R.E. training coming up.
text: Eating at a table with other women, Jordan turns to see
text: Blondell setting down her tray.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: They take you away to San Clemente
dialog: Island. Half the guys quit when
text: they come back. Supposed to be just
dialog: hell-and-a-half.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: That's what I hear.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Can I ask you somethin', lieutenant?
dialog: How come you're doing this? I mean,
dialog: we're kinda curious.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Who's "we"?
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Just some of the women.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Walking across the base:
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I don't know if there's any single
dialog: reason. But my father was Navy.
dialog: And he had this old-time recruiting
text: poster in his den. It showed a girl
text: trying on a sailor's uniform while
dialog: saying, "Gee, I wish I were a man!
dialog: I'd join the Navy!" Was maybe 10
dialog: years old when I first saw it, and
dialog: even then it felt wrong. Made me
dialog: mad. And I don't think a month has
dialog: gone by that I haven't thought about
dialog: that poster. "Gee, I wish I were a
dialog: man."
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: I've been accused of that wish.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: The woman I saw you with...
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Just a friend. We have friends,
dialog: too, you know.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: But are there... I mean, how many...
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: More than you'd guess. It's just
dialog: that we don't hold coffee klatches.
dialog: If more then three of us get
dialog: together at any one time, the guys
dialog: think it's some kind of uprising.
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Sounds funny now, but it's really
dialog: not. We have to be careful. The
dialog: Navy still knows how to put on a
dialog: witch-hunt.
text: Reaching the quarterdeck, they scan a message board.
text: Jordan finds a half-dozen phone slips for her.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Royce...
scene_heading: INT. GEORGETOWN APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I've been trying you for five days.
dialog: Don't they give you messages?
speaker_heading: JORDAN (V.O.)
dialog: It's hard to find time to sleep,
dialog: Royce. Much less keep up with my
dialog: phone life.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: How hard they making it on you?
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE KIOSK - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Jordan sighs and slumps against the phone kiosk. Where to
dialog: start?
speaker_heading: ROYCE (V.O.)
dialog: That bad?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I feel like there's men here,
dialog: there's women here -- then there's
dialog: men. But hey, what'd I expect?
text: INTERCUTTING Jordan and Royce:
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Well, not this. I was doing the
dialog: Pentagon scene few nights ago. Got
dialog: some fresh stuff -- about you. You
dialog: may be in a hostile camp. I think
dialog: someone may be taking steps to
dialog: ensure that you crash and burn.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Me? Why me?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Don't you know? How they're talking
dialog: about you?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I saw an article...
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: I can't walk two blocks in
dialog: Washington without hearing about
dialog: "G.I. Jane." You're all over the
dialog: place, and whether you wanted it or
dialog: not, the feminists are sizing you up
dialog: for that poster.
text: Jordan's face sours with an errant thought.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: So why are you telling me this?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Big symbols make big targets,
dialog: Jordan. I think someone's gunning
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You know, Royce, I got enough heat
dialog: on me without you turning up the
dialog: jets, too.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: I'm only trying to warn you in
dialog: case --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Well, let me warm you: I'm going
dialog: though with this. The more
dialog: everybody fucks with me, fucks with
dialog: my head, the more it just makes me
dialog: want to finish. So don't expect me
dialog: back crying in your arms any time
dialog: soon, okay?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: That's not what I want, Jordan. I
dialog: mean... it is and it isn't...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Still can't make up your mind, huh?
dialog: Gotta go, Royce.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Jordan. You watch your ass.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sure. I'll join the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR STATION - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: A HELO WARMS UP on its pad.
text: Crew Six approaches, garbed in black wetsuits, loaded down
text: with weapons and rucksacks. Jordan is at the lead.
scene_heading: INT. HELO - NIGHT
text: The helo is airborne. Sitting on rucksacks, trainees
text: slather their faces with green camouflage paint. Over the
scene_heading: HOWLING ROTORS:
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Infiltrate... establish your hide-
dialog: site... record any movement of
dialog: troops, vehicles, patrols -- any
dialog: activity inside your scan. If you
dialog: are compromised, you have two
dialog: options! Newberry!
text: Newberry is the new sixth man. He's young enough to still
dialog: have a hyperactive Adam's apple.
speaker_heading: NEWBERRY
dialog: Evasive maneuvers or radio for
dialog: emergency extraction, sir!
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: If you are extracting, be damn sure
dialog: to follow procedures you have
dialog: learned in your classroom training!
dialog: A helo cannot extract you from a
dialog: wooded area! You must bring it down
dialog: in a clearing! What's the minimum
dialog: clearance for an MH-60 Black Hawk,
dialog: McCool?
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: 32 feet, six inches, sir!
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: You will be penalized for early
dialog: extraction, but you will be
dialog: penalized more for capture -- trust
dialog: me, far more! Survival! Evasion!
dialog: Rescue! Evacuation! Welcome to
speaker_heading: S.E.R.E.!
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The helo swoops low over the water, moon silhouetting.
text: Black figures helo-cast into the ocean.
scene_heading: INT. HELO - NIGHT
text: Last out, Jordan is poised to follow when...
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Lieutenant! Don't back down!
text: Jordan looks back. "What the hell does that mean?"
text: Offering no elaboration, Pyro signals "GO!" Jordan
dialog: springs clear...
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT
text: ... and knifes into black water.
text: The HELO PATTERS away.
text: An inky stillness overtakes the world.
text: Jordan activates a red-light beacon, sweeps it around,
dialog: revealing her position to...
text: Her crew. Five black faces regroup around her.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Feel right at home, McCool?
text: They secure weapons atop their waterproof rucksacks.
text: Jordan checks a heat-bearing compass.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (nodding direction)
dialog: South-southeast. And I don't want
dialog: to hear another word till we're
dialog: underground.
text: Pushing rucksacks ahead of them, they start swimming
dialog: towards...
text: A moonlit shoreline. Half-mile ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY SHORELINE - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - NIGHT
text: Jordan's crew reaches shallow water. They deflate their
text: vests and rucksacks. Jordan trades her face mask for
text: night-vision goggles.
text: NIGHT-VISION POV: Sweeping the rocks. Nothing at first.
text: Then two "hostiles" appear, patrolling the rocks.
text: Jordan motions "down." Six faces sink from sight.
scene_heading: NIGHT-VISION/UNDERWATER POV: Of the "hostile" patrol
text: moving on.
text: They resurface. On Jordan's cue, the crew sheds flippers
text: and begins scaling rocks. They've made landfall.
scene_heading: EXT. HIDE-SITE MONTAGE - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - NIGHT
text: MONTAGE: Racing the coming sun, Jordan's crew builds
text: their hide-site... digging feverishly... filling sand
text: bags... telescoping open a roof pole, fanning out spars...
text: laying canvas roof panels into place... camouflaging the
text: panels... sprinkling sanitizing powder around the
text: perimeter to ward off animals. INTERCUT WITH...
text: A snake slithering across the ground. As it nears the
dialog: hide-site...
text: A knife whacks its head off.
text: Slutnik picks up the carcass, kicks dirt over the severed
text: head. No trace.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: CAMERA PANS the island, awash in morning light. Woodlands
text: lie distant. A road is the only man-made feature -- until
text: in FOREGROUND, we find a spotting scope poking from the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: INT. HIDE-SITE - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: SCOPE POV: Of the road. Fast-attack vehicles approach.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: (peering into scope)
dialog: Got two FAVs moving south. I
dialog: make... four banditos aboard,
text: carrying... H-60 machine guns...
text: Jordan REPEATS THE INFO into a digital tape-recorder, adds
dialog: the time.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Newberry, get a photo. South?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Entering my scan now...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: West?
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Clear.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: North?
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: Clear.
text: SCOPE POV: Of the FAVs disappearing down the road.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
text: FAVs clear.
text: Everyone relaxes -- as much as six people can in a hole
text: five feet-wide. McCool opens up MREs (Meals Ready to Eat)
text: Slutnik guts his snake.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: You mind? I'm trying to eat here.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: So am I.
text: Cortez finishes pissing into a tin pot. He transfers the
text: waste to a zip-lock baggy, offers the pot.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Anyone?
text: He looks at Jordan. She eyes the pot, tempted and nettled
dialog: at the same time.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: Don't wanna evacuate 'cuz someone
dialog: came down with uric poisoning, el-
dialog: tee.
text: Abruptly Jordan unzips, drops her pants, sticks the pot
text: under her. It raises eyebrows: It's a far cry from when
text: she was covering up in cold water.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Didn't even bitch about the seat,
dialog: did I?
scene_heading: EXT. SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: WIDE VIEW: As a lone figure appears on foot.
scene_heading: INT. HIDE-SITE - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: What the... Got an unknown here.
text: 100 yards north-northeast.
text: They pile up at McCool's scope. Jordan bulls her way
dialog: through.
text: SCOPE POV: It's a women. Dressed in civilian clothes,
text: she collects firewood. And she's coming this way.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: She part of the training?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: "She?" There's another one?
text: McCool takes a second look.
text: SCOPE POV: Of the women drawing closer... closer... and
text: finally looking dead-bang at us. She does an about-face
text: and walks away. Quickly.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Shit. Think we're had.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Smoke her.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: I ain't gonna shoot her.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Only blanks. Lemme do it.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: (pushing him away)
dialog: Hey. Ain't your call, man.
text: He looks to Jordan.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Pri One is to protect the mission.
dialog: If she represents a real threat, we
dialog: have to do it.
text: Pleased, Cortez slips his rifle under a roof panel.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (to McCool)
dialog: But did she see us? Do you know for
dialog: a fact that we are compromised?
text: McCool doesn't. Not for sure.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: If not, firing will only give away
dialog: our position to hostiles in the
dialog: area. Now how smart is that?
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Mighta been civilian.
speaker_heading: NEWBERRY
dialog: They got regular peeps on this
dialog: island, don't they?
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: The asphalt road shimmers with midday heat. Suddenly a
text: TROOP CARRIER ROARS over a rise.
scene_heading: INT. HIDE-SITE - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: SCOPE POV: Of the troop carrier braking hard. "Hostiles"
text: spill out the rear -- and fan out all around us.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: (at scope)
dialog: Banditos on the east perimeter! 150
dialog: yards! Shit, she was part of it!
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Fuck me.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: What's the word, el-tee? We're
text: about one minute from a major take-
dialog: down here.
text: HOLD on Jordan, heart skipping. Did she really make the
dialog: wrong call?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: All right, fire-and-evade maneuvers.
dialog: Drop everything but weapons and the
dialog: PRC radio -- we're gonna be high
text: speed, low drag all the way to the
dialog: link-up site. Ready?
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Sure. Now she wants to shoot.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
speaker_heading: MOVE!
scene_heading: EXT. SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: They come out of the hide-site like atomic locusts,
text: splintering into three groups and laying down SUPPRESSIVE
text: FIRE as they blitz for...
dialog: The woodlands.
text: "Hostiles" FIRE and pursue.
text: Flea is running flat out when the ground vanishes beneath
text: him. He goes down like a doped race horse. Suddenly
text: exposed, another crew scrambles into daylight: Flea ran
text: right over their hide-site.
text: Slutnik yanks Flea out, gets him back on his feet.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: Breathing like asthmatics, Jordan's crew regroups at the
text: link-up site just inside the woods. Flea comes in
text: hobbling. Badly.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: This ain't workin' right!
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: What's our go-to-shit plan, O'Neil?
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: This ain't even workin' wrong!
text: A beat as Jordan deliberates. She doesn't want to go out
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: Really don't wanna be captured, el-
dialog: tee. Heard some bad things.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Fuck.
dialog: (snatching the radio)
dialog: Basher-Basher, this is Ground Crew
text: Six requesting emergency extraction.
dialog: Stand by for a PRC fix...
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: As a helo pirouettes in midair.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: Jordan's crew lopes through the woods, searching for a
text: place to bring the helo down. Right on their heels...
scene_heading: ARTILLERY SIMULATORS THUMP-THUMP-THUMP, illumination
text: GRENADES POP and flare. This may not be war, but it'll do
text: until the real thing comes along.
scene_heading: INT. HELO - DAY
text: PILOT'S POV: Buzzing treetops, searching.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
dialog: On the run:
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: 32 feet, six inches!
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I'm lookin', I'm lookin'!
text: Finally they break into a clearing. Is it big enough?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: 'Cool?
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: (doesn't care)
dialog: Smoke it!
text: Jordan chucks a smoke grenade.
scene_heading: INT. HELO - DAY
text: PILOT'S POV: Yellow smoke rises from the woods. We swoop
text: toward it.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING IN WOODS - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: Whirling smoke, the helo descends. Jordan's crew breaks
text: early, trying to get there the instant it touches down.
dialog: But before they can...
text: An FAV crashes through the underbrush, M-60s BARKING in
text: the helo's direction. The helo bounds away.
text: Jordan's crew tries to retreat -- but a second FAV cuts
dialog: them off.
scene_heading: INT. HELO - DAY
text: PILOT'S POV: Of the action below, growing smaller and
text: smaller: Jordan's crew. Surrounded. Laying down
text: weapons. Captured.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: JORDAN'S POV: Brush slapping her face.
text: Crew Six is being hauled through the woods, hands tied
text: back, boots around their necks, pulled along by...
text: The captors. We assume they're instructors in camouflage
dialog: paint -- but we're moving so fast it's impossible to be
dialog: sure.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: A P.O.W. camp, disturbingly authentic. A dozen trainees
text: are already here, held in pens of bamboo and barbed-wire.
text: Flea, McCool, Slutnik, Cortez, Newberry -- all five get
text: tossed into a pen. Jordan is pulled away.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: Where are you... HEY! Where are you
dialog: taking her?
scene_heading: EXT. BOXES - P.O.W. CAMP - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: Jordan is thrown to the ground. Her eyes go wide when she
text: sees a row of steel boxes nearby. They're scarcely larger
text: then coffins.
scene_heading: INT. BOX - P.O.W. CAMP - DAY
text: Hands push Jordan inside the box. She has to curl up
text: fetally just to fit.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: How long?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Please, HOW LONG?
text: The LID BANGS closed. A LOCK RATCHETS, FOOTSTEPS RETREAT.
text: Daylight sheets in through ventilation slats.
text: When her eyes adjust, Jordan finds markings on the lid and
text: walls. Scratchings made with a nail. The memoirs of
dialog: previous tenants.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: "Don't know how much I can take"...
dialog: "A little taste of death"... "Save
dialog: the nail"...
dialog: (then the real kick-
dialog: in-the-teeth)
dialog: "It's been three days now"...
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - NIGHT
text: As "hostiles" pull Flea out of the pen.
scene_heading: INT. BOX - P.O.W. CAMP - NIGHT
text: A BANGING wakes Jordan. Are they coming for her? But
text: FOOTSTEPS LEAVE. A GROAN from the adjacent box.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE (O.S.)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You know, I had an apartment about
dialog: this size once.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Wick. They got your crew, too?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE (O.S.)
dialog: Intagliata was out chasing
text: breakfast. They found his tracks.
dialog: Well, shit.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You really came back for more? Of
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE (O.S.)
dialog: When I was sittin' behind a desk in
dialog: Washington, it made sense, somehow.
dialog: Blame it on my big brother. He was
dialog: Spec-Recon. And the stories he used
dialog: to tell...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: If you got a good one, Wick...
dialog: Anything to get her mind off this box. Out of this box.
text: Now INTERCUT Jordan and Wickwire, lying like fraternal
text: twins in their wombs of steel:
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: One time he was doing a rekkie of
dialog: the Libyan coastline. This is,
dialog: like, right before we bombed
dialog: Khadaffi into the past tense. So
text: his crew does a nighttime infil,
dialog: maps all the big artillery
text: placements and stuff, then turns
dialog: around to get the hell gone. But
text: between them and the water are five
text: Libyan guards, all armed to the
dialog: nuts.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: They had to kill 'em?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Nah, they were dead-ass asleep. But
text: on every guard's chest,they left one
dialog: Marlboro cigarette. Just a little
dialog: calling card to say they'd been
dialog: there -- and could come back any
dialog: time they wanted.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: That's a good story.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: So the shit you gotta go through?
dialog: To get from here to there? Brother
dialog: said it was worth it. Worth the
dialog: training... worth the divorce...
dialog: worth anything.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: He was married?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: At first.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You got anybody, Wick?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Not me. You?
text: It hurts to think about it. The Potomac. The gunkhole
dialog: harbor. Royce.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: O'Neil?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: How'd you make it last time, Wick?
dialog: How'd you get through this part?
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Last time I didn't.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (jarred)
dialog: Let's keep talkin', Wick. Just keep
dialog: talkin' to me...
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSSTAND - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY
text: Royce stops for a newspaper. As he pays, something else
text: catches his eye. He picks up...
text: A "People" magazine. The grainy image of "G.I. Jane"
text: fills the cover. A photo inset, much clearer, shows a
text: beaming DeHaven. "BEHIND EVERY GREAT WOMAN..."
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: Suitable for framing...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - N.I.C. - DAY
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Got time for a brain-pick?
text: Reading as he walks, a former CIA spook looks up to find
text: Royce in lockstep. It surprises him: Not many people
dialog: here talk to him -- unless they're in trouble. THE SPOOK
text: is physically unremarkable except for a face that would be
dialog: right at home on Easter Island: This is a man who's seen
text: most of the world's ills -- and forgotten none.
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: Subject?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: O'Neil, Jordan.
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: Thought you two were file-closed.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: You knew about us?
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: Sorry. Thought you knew I knew.
scene_heading: INT. SITUATION ROOM - N.I.C. - DAY
text: Royce and the Spook enter. The vault-like door closes
dialog: emphatically. Ensuring their privacy:
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Computer -- no transcription, no
dialog: com-link, no data-link. In fact...
dialog: shut-down sequence 0-Niner-0-8,
dialog: mark.
text: All around, screens go blank, phone lights extinguish.
text: They sit at the conference table. No Computer. No files.
text: Just two guys doing headwork.
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: All right. So who stands to gain if
dialog: Jordan flames out in a big way?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: The E-Ringers? Full integration is
dialog: gonna cost the services billions at
dialog: the worst possible time -- when
dialog: Congress is already swinging the
dialog: axe.
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: (agreeing)
text: Congress cuts, military bleeds. But
dialog: Pentagon's a big place. Let's
dialog: narrow the sights.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: The Navy? They've made it clear
dialog: they don't want to pull missiles out
dialog: of subs to make room for women's
dialog: heads. What's it gonna cost to make
dialog: a fleet of Trident's co-ed?
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: Sabotage born of economics?
dialog: Wouldn't be a first. But is Hayes
dialog: really going to start his watch with
dialog: such a public failure?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
text: Possibly. Just to spite DeHaven.
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: Hmm. Let's aim higher.
text: Royce blinks. "What's higher?"
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: The White House. If Jordan wins,
dialog: DeHaven wins in spades. Why? Well,
dialog: it's been said that the only man the
dialog: President fears -- ain't no man.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: The first female President?
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: Don't for a second think she didn't
dialog: leak this story. "G.I. Jane" gives
text: DeHaven a symbol that taps into the
dialog: biggest constituency of them all.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Women.
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: If you were the President, wouldn't
dialog: that put a little piss in your
dialog: shoes?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: I don't know. Seems...
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: This ain't about some little soldier
text: girl sloggin' her way through
dialog: commando school. The implications
dialog: go way beyond.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Christ, I don't want to see her take
dialog: a fall. She thinks I do, but...
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: I take it this file is still open.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (shaping his words)
dialog: Even tough I don't talk to her every
dialog: day -- I still talk to her every
dialog: day. Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Okay, so now work it from the other
dialog: end. Think about California -- and
dialog: how things might be handled there.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: I don't...
dialog: (scoffing)
dialog: What, someone on base? A "mole"?
speaker_heading: THE SPOOK
dialog: This is what you get for brain-
dialog: picking an old CIA spook. but if I
dialog: needed to control the outcome of
dialog: this test case, that's how I'd do
dialog: it. A man-in-place. Makes
dialog: everything very controllable.
scene_heading: INT. BOX - P.O.W. CAMP - DAY
text: JORDAN'S POV: The box opening. Daylight assaulting us,
text: blowing out our eyes. Disembodied hands pulling us out.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: Legs hobbled, uniform soiled, Jordan is led past a row of
text: huts. She looks like she got hit by a train -- and got
dialog: back up.
text: JORDAN'S POV: Vision still blown out. But inside the
text: pen, we make out 40 trainees now. One guy wrings out a
text: sock and drinks from it.
text: Jordan moves past huts. VOLATILE VOICES spill out as
text: trainees get interrogated.
text: JORDAN'S POV: Outside one hut, we see Flea. At least we
text: think it's him: Strapped face-down to a table, sobbing
text: quietly, he wears a slinky dress and whore's makeup. They
dialog: broke him -- and it's an ugly, ugly sight.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION HUT - P.O.W. CAMP - DAY
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: What is your father's name?
text: Jordan seated. Prowling the hut is her interrogator. Her
text: tormentor. Her chaperon through Hell.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Simple question, lieutenant. No
dialog: reason not to answer. What is your
dialog: father's name?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: "Dad."
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Any brothers? Sisters?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
text: Dick, Jane, and Spot.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Are you hungry? What's your
dialog: favorite food? We'll try to get it
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Green Eggs and Ham. You're not
dialog: going to get anywhere. You might as
dialog: well put me in the cage.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: You are in the cage, O'Neil. Right
dialog: here, right now.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Should I be afraid?
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Right down to your worthless womb,
dialog: and I'll tell you why. This is my
dialog: island. My world. And here I can
dialog: get away with shit that would get me
dialog: arrested anywhere else in the world.
dialog: Take another scan of my little joy-
dialog: boy outside. If I can do that to a
dialog: Navy Seal, what's gonna happen to
dialog: you? Huh?
text: It makes Jordan think -- and yes, it makes her afraid.
dialog: Continuing the psychological strip-search:
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Why didn't you shoot the woman,
dialog: O'Neil?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Wasn't deemed a threat.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: She led us right to you. That's no
dialog: threat?
text: Jordan rubs her head. So long ago. How did the call come
dialog: down?
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Would you have shot if it was a man?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: No. Yes. I mean, depends on --
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: The others already told me, O'Neil.
dialog: They wanted to shoot, but you
dialog: wouldn't let them. Because you went
dialog: soft on another women --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: That's not right.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: That's what your crew said. Are
dialog: they lying? Or are you?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I think you're the liar.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: I'm not the one who got five good
dialog: men thrown in a bamboo cage. You
dialog: wear the bars, you made the call,
dialog: and you got your whole crew --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: We didn't know we were compromised.
dialog: Firing would only've given away our
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: You think we should go easy on
dialog: women, O'Neil?
text: She stares a beat, knowing it's a loaded question.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: I'm so glad we agree.
text: With stunning ferocity, he grabs her by the neck, pushes
text: her out the door...
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - DAY
text: ... and throws her onto a table.
text: In the pens, all faces turn to watch. Even instructors
dialog: stop what they're doing as...
text: The Chief pushes Jordan's head down and jams up behind
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Didn't you know you'd be raped if
dialog: you were captured? Didn't you even
dialog: think about that?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sure. Just like your men do.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: I think we oughtta practice it,
dialog: just so you know what to expect.
text: He flips her over, rips off her belt, starts tearing open
text: her pants.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Should I practice bleeding, too,
dialog: sir? Would that make me a better
dialog: soldier?
text: He covers her mouth -- her whole face -- with one hand.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Any of you can stop this! Just give
dialog: me the location of one more hide-
dialog: site, and it ends right here!
dialog: In the pen:
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: (wide-eyed)
dialog: Someone's trippin' out here...
text: The Chief jerks Jordan up, whirls her around like a dead
text: dance partner, slams her face-first into the pen to give
dialog: the guys a good look at what's happening to that pretty
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Three crews are still on this island
dialog: somewhere. Who knows where?
text: The men trade itchy looks. Some do know.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Don't do it, don't do it...
text: The Chief throws her down like garbage.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Who's gonna tell me? Who's gonna be
dialog: chivalrous and stop this abuse?
dialog: What, you want to see her get
dialog: mauled? Is that it?
text: The men shift anxiously. Should they talk? Behind the
text: Chief, Jordan staggers to her feet.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Don't tell him shi --
text: The Chief whirls, decks her a crescent-kick. Instructors
text: lurch forward instinctively.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (waving them back)
dialog: She's fine!
dialog: (squatting beside)
dialog: When I put you down, O'Neil, take
dialog: the hint and stay down.
text: She licks her bloody teeth -- and considers kicking his
text: balls into his brainpan. Instead she makes a move to get
text: up. He grinds her back down with a crowbar forearm.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (for her ears only)
dialog: I am saving your life, O'Neil. You
dialog: may not know it, but I do. You're
text: an inferior soldier, a bad officer,
dialog: and I don't want you learning that
dialog: inconvenient truth when you're stuck
text: in a muddy bomb crater behind enemy
dialog: lines and don't know how the fuck to
dialog: get out. You get out now, O'Neil.
dialog: Seek life elsewhere. And if you
dialog: can't do it in front of me, do it
dialog: behind my back.
text: Pinning her down with just his eyes, he rises -- and
text: starts away.
text: Behind him, Jordan struggles to rise.
text: An ANXIOUS MURMUR races through the men: They don't want
text: to see this. They don't want to see her crucified.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Down... stay down...
text: Hearing, the Chief turns back to see...
text: Jordan wobbling to her feet.
dialog: Eye-lock.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Fuck you and the boat you rode in
dialog: on. Sir.
text: TIGHT on the faces of her crewmates -- Slutnik, Cortez,
text: McCool. In their eyes, a new respect. The Chief see it.
text: Instructors see it. Everyone does.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (to instructors)
dialog: We're done here.
text: Beaten, he walks right out of camp.
text: Wordless, instructors open the pens, unlock the boxes.
text: Wickwire rises like a vampire in daylight. But this time
dialog: he made it.
text: A medic tries to help Jordan, but she pushes him away,
text: walking drunkenly for...
text: Flea. She begins wiping the makeup from his face.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Make you a deal, Flea. Never tell
dialog: me how I look -- and I'll never tell
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. PIERS - SAN CLEMENTE ISLAND - SUNSET
text: The Chief chucks gear onto a transport boat. FOOTSTEPS
text: approach. He knows it's Pyro.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: You don't think she'd be raped if
dialog: she were captured? You don't think
dialog: the threat of rape would be used to
dialog: leverage the men?
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: You broke a dozen training rules
dialog: back there -- before I lost count.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: I've had it. Just because they pay
dialog: me like a baby-sitter doesn't mean
dialog: I'm gonna be one.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: She's a trainee, just like the
dialog: others. Why are you coming down so
dialog: hard?
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: She's an officer. There's a higher
dialog: standard.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: She's a women, and that's why you're
dialog: ridin' her bareback.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Of course it is. And I'm gonna stay
text: on her until everyone realizes this
dialog: is not some bullshit equal-rights
dialog: thing, that real lives are gonna be
dialog: lost. Maybe mine, maybe yours.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: I oughtta report you.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: I think you probably would -- if you
dialog: didn't know I was right.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY
text: As a limo moves -- heads for the Capitol building.
scene_heading: INT. DEHAVEN'S LIMO - DAY
text: DeHaven snags a BUZZING PHONE.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE (V.O.)
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: Did you hear?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: She made it through S.E.R.E.
dialog: training. Got a call this morning
dialog: from --
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE (V.O.)
dialog: Not that. The White House just
dialog: announced that it was sponsoring
dialog: legislation that would, in one
dialog: stroke, void all remaining elements
dialog: of the 1948 Combat Exclusion Laws.
text: The phone suddenly weights a ton, DeHaven dumps it on the
text: seat beside her. HOLD on her disbelieving face.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE (V.O.)
dialog: You there? Senator?
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - PENTAGON - DAY
text: Hand-carrying a report, Flag Officer #1 hurries down a
text: corridor, pushes through a door. HOLD on the door marker:
dialog: "Secretary of the Navy."
scene_heading: INT. SECNAV OFFICE - PENTAGON - DAY
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Without telling us they do this?
dialog: With absolutely no lead time?
text: At his desk, Hayes scans the report with a deepening
dialog: frown.
speaker_heading: FLAG OFFICER #1
dialog: (to Hayes)
dialog: Mr. Secretary, if this bill
dialog: passes...
speaker_heading: FLAG OFFICER #2
dialog: Forget our three-year plan. They're
dialog: rushing the cadence. We'll be
dialog: forced to reorganize the Navy from
dialog: top to bottom -- overnight.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: What the hell is the President
dialog: trying to do? Steal DeHaven's
dialog: thunder?
speaker_heading: FLAG OFFICER #1
dialog: I think it's more important, sir, to
dialog: decide what we're going to do --
dialog: since it's apparent this issue is
text: not going away quietly.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: "G.I. Jane." And which one of you
dialog: told me she wouldn't last a week?
dialog: Huh?
text: The flags squirm. Shaking his head, Hayes moves to a
text: window that offers a stunning view of Arlington National
dialog: Cemetery.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: 20 years in the Pentagon, I finally
dialog: rate an office with a window -- and
text: it looks out over the world's
dialog: largest graveyard. Think it's a
dialog: sign?
scene_heading: EXT. GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: The bell. It reflects the moon. TILT DOWN to reveal a
text: new batch of helmets -- the casualties of S.E.R.E. A
dialog: graveyard of its own.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EXCHANGE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Jordan exits with purchases. Her face is still bruised
text: from S.E.R.E. With a minute to kill, she peruses a
text: bulletin board casually. But a RAISED VOICE leads her
dialog: eyes to...
text: Wickwire. At a phone kiosk, he hangs up emphatically. He
text: looks flustered when he spots Jordan.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sorry, didn't mean to --
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: That's okay. Just an ex-girlfriend.
dialog: And know I remember why.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: First big night of liberty and no
dialog: date? You're pathetic, Wickwire.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Maybe I'll just head over to McP's
dialog: with the others, have a drink or
dialog: four. Don't wanna come, do you?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (touching bruises)
dialog: I can't go out. Not like this.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: I think you look beautiful.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Thanks for lying. But you're the
dialog: class officer, Wick, and it'd just
dialog: be weird if we hook up. Besides...
text: Catching up, Blondell exits the exchange.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Sorry. Forgot I needed oregano
dialog: and...
text: She sees Wickwire. An awkward beat for them all.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Do you, uh, know...
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Sure, sure.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: We're going over to her place to
dialog: make salad and pasta. Just, you
dialog: know, nothing special.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: Okay. Well... thought I'd ask.
text: Jordan and Blondell head for the parking lot. HOLD on
text: Wickwire, looking after them. Thinking it through.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Charts are being passed around the room. Every trainee
text: takes one, including Jordan.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: ... underwater detonation devices
dialog: employ mechanical timers, and as
dialog: such, they are subject to variances
dialog: due to water temperature. That's
dialog: why when clearing mines, we always
dialog: use two timers. The charts now
text: being passed out contain
dialog: calculations you must memorize
dialog: before...
text: A MILITARY COP fills the classroom doorway. Frowning,
text: Johns joins the cop for a private discussion.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: O'Neil?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR JOHNS
dialog: You're wanted at the C.O.'s.
scene_heading: INT. C.O.'S OUTER OFFICE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Jordan enters. The yeoman's desk is unattended. Noticing
text: the X.O.'s door open, Jordan peers inside to find...
text: Blondell. She looks scared out of her mind. Before she
text: and Jordan can speak, the yeoman materializes.
speaker_heading: YEOMAN
dialog: This way, lieutenant. They're
dialog: expecting you.
scene_heading: INT. C.O.'S OFFICE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: See me, sir?
text: The C.O. and X.O. are both here.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: I don't know of any delicate way to
dialog: say this, lieutenant, so I won't
dialog: try. Claims have been made that you
dialog: have engaged in fraternization -- of
dialog: the same-sex variety. Specifically,
dialog: that you were...
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "... seen leaving the apartment of
dialog: another female officer at such a
dialog: time and in such a manner as to
dialog: suggest conduct unbecoming."
speaker_heading: JORDAN
text: (a beat,laughing in
dialog: relief)
dialog: Sir, if someone is suggesting that
dialog: I'm a lesbian, they're wrong.
text: The C.O.'s face remains grim. He isn't relieved.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: They're very wrong. And I'd like to
dialog: know where you got this information.
text: On the C.O.'s nod, the X.O. opens an adjoining office.
text: Wickwire enters. He's stiff as a groom on a wedding cake.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: I'm sorry, O'Neil. But as class
dialog: officer, it's my obligation to
dialog: report all violations.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: This is insane. You've got no
dialog: proof.
dialog: X.O.
dialog: (from report)
dialog: You were seen leaving Ensign
text: Blondell's apartment at
dialog: approximately 0-200, whereupon
dialog: physical affections were exchanged
dialog: in public.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: We hugged.
dialog: X.O.
dialog: In addition, you have been seen
dialog: frequenting the base exchange, the
dialog: mess hall, the --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Because the men didn't want me
dialog: eating with them. Jesus Christ,
dialog: let's get this right.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: That's enough. Everybody.
dialog: (to Wickwire)
dialog: Rejoin your class, lieutenant.
speaker_heading: WICKWIRE
dialog: (only to Jordan)
dialog: I wish I didn't have to do this,
dialog: Jordan.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Dismissed, lieutenant.
text: Wickwire exits.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sir, I just want you to know that
dialog: this is either a gross mistake --
dialog: or someone's vindictive bullshit.
dialog: In no way did anything happen
dialog: between Ensign Blondell and myself.
dialog: We're just friends.
dialog: X.O.
dialog: So you're saying the charges have no
dialog: validity whatsoever?
text: Jordan opens her mouth to confirm -- and hesitates,
dialog: realizing where this might be headed. What the collateral
dialog: damage might be.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I'm saying, we're just friends.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: I find this as distasteful as you,
dialog: lieutenant. But if it's on my desk,
text: it's on my shoulders. There's going
dialog: to be an inquiry -- it will not be
dialog: quick and it will definitely not be
dialog: pretty. You should prepare
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sir, please... if there's any way to
dialog: do this without dragging everyone
dialog: through the mud...
dialog: C.O.
dialog: I don't see how, O'Neil. Dismissed.
text: Jordan moves to the door. Again she makes eye-contact
dialog: with Blondell. Now we understand why she's so scared:
text: There's a witch-hunt brewing.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: Sir. If tomorrow... I was not under
dialog: your command... would the inquiry
dialog: still go forward?
dialog: C.O.
dialog: I'm not sure what --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Would you have the discretion to end
dialog: it right then and there?
text: She's offering her own head on a silver platter -- and the
text: C.O. actually hesitates before answering.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: I believe so.
scene_heading: EXT. GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: McCool and Flea exit a classroom with other trainees.
text: They spot Jordan approaching.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: So what'd he want? O'Neil?
text: She passes them robotically. Flea realizes where she's
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: Oh, no... no, no, no, no...
text: They lurch after her, grabbing her, stepping in her way.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Stand fast!
text: McCool and Flea jerk to a stop: The Chief has emerged
text: from the instructor's office. Helpless, they watch as...
text: Jordan mounts the stairs to the bell... takes up the
text: baton... and HITS THE BELL like a tyko drummer.
text: RING ONE: On the pained faces of her crewmates.
dialog: RING TWO: On the Chief. Taking no joy in it. Just
text: accepting it as inevitable.
scene_heading: EXT. THE QUARTERDECK - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: RING THREE: On Wickwire as he walks across the base. His
text: regrets are obvious.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. UPRIVER - THE POTOMAC - DAY
text: The ice floes are gone. The river banks are budding
text: green. Soon CAMERA FINDS a power boat making its way
text: upriver. A lone figure sits on the prow.
scene_heading: EXT. POWER BOAT - DAY
text: It's Jordan. Dressed in civvies, gunnysack between her
text: legs, she's back in Virginia with nothing more than what
text: she left with. Around a river bend appears...
text: The gunkhole harbor. Home.
scene_heading: EXT. GUNKHOLE HARBOR - POTOMAC - DAY
text: The boat docks. Jordan springs clear, waves a worn-out
text: thanks, starts up the dock. But now she comes to a stop,
dialog: seeing...
text: Royce. Stepping out of the house.
text: EXTREMELY WIDE: River shimmering behind them, they meet
text: on the dock. A charged stand-off: Where do they pick up?
text: Can they pick up? Then Jordan drops her gunnysack and
text: steps into his wide-spread arms. Royce wraps her up as if
dialog: to never let go.
text: For the first time in this whole ordeal, Jordan begins
text: crying, sobbing uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (in her ear)
dialog: I want to kill them... I want to
dialog: kill the guys who made you cry like
dialog: this...
scene_heading: INT. COVERED PORCH - JORDAN'S HOUSE - SUNSET
text: An hour later. Sharing a quiet moment, Jordan and Royce
text: cradle tea mugs while sitting on the rear porch that
text: overlooks the Potomac and a fiery sunset.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: All I wanted was an honest chance.
dialog: And If I couldn't get it, I couldn't
dialog: stay.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: And this class officer...
dialog: "Wickwire." You think he was just
text: trying to get even? Striking back
dialog: for...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Maybe. Though it didn't seem like
dialog: he was getting any satisfaction out
dialog: of it. Almost like...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Did I say he was class officer?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Almost like someone put him up to
dialog: it. Okay, who?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: No shortage of suspects.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: The Chief? Or maybe even
dialog: Turrentine? Your C.O.?
text: She looks at him sidelong.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Royce. Tell me you didn't keep a
dialog: file on me.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - JORDAN'S HOUSE - DAY
text: CLOSE on multiple files being pulled out of a briefcase.
text: One contains clippings -- "G.I. Jane" photos, editorials,
text: political cartoons. Another holds records of Coronado
text: personnel -- Jordan's crewmates, instructors, the base
dialog: brass.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Somebody was yankin' your stings,
dialog: Jordan -- maybe from 3,000 miles
dialog: away. I wanted to know who. I still
dialog: do.
text: She shakes her head, resisting.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: C'mon, Jordan. Do the headwork with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: It's done with, Royce. Let it go.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Someone screwed you over like this,
text: left unanswered charges hanging over
dialog: your head, and you're not gonna
dialog: fight back?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I'm tired of fighting back. I just
dialog: wanted to come home and be safe and
dialog: have you here and the river there
dialog: and just forget the rest of the
dialog: world, okay?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Well, before you crawl off to die,
dialog: Jordan, give me five minutes of good
text: headwork.
text: Agitated, she walks away. B.G., a PHONE RINGS until the
text: machine picks up.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (pulling a file)
dialog: "John James Urgayle." The Chief.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: What about him.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Instructors typically pull three
dialog: year assignments. This guy's in and
dialog: out in one year -- your year. That
dialog: sound right?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sounds like an amazing coincidence.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Or like maybe he was baby sitting a
dialog: problem child for the Navy.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I don't know, I don't care.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Well, pardon me if I do. Now who
dialog: else? Who could've leveraged a
dialog: class officer like that? C'mon,
dialog: Jordan, keep your head in the game.
text: UNDER DIALOG, we hear some of the INCOMING CALL:
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE (V.O.)
dialog: ... just got word today. The
dialog: Senator wants you to know that she's
dialog: disturbed by the matter, and she'll
dialog: be looking into it carefully to make
dialog: sure you were treated fairly. If
dialog: you need to reach us, we're here in
dialog: Washington, 202-224-3121.
text: A HANG-UP. Something stirs in Jordan's memory.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: "In Washington..."
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Wickwire said he was dry-docked in
dialog: Washington between stints at
dialog: Coronado...
text: We can see her mind gathering speed. Royce switches files
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: "Wickwire, Thomas Dane"... Second
dialog: run at Coronado... and correct, they
dialog: had him stashed in the
dialog: "Appropriation Liaison Office,"
dialog: whatever that is.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You don't crap out of Spec-Recon and
dialog: get another shot without
text: dispensation from someone up in flag
dialog: country.
dialog: (a revelation)
dialog: He's got a Sea Daddy somewhere.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: I'd sure like to know who.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Yeah. Me too.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Answering a PHONE:
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Administration, Ensign Blondell.
speaker_heading: JORDAN (V.O.)
dialog: Don't say my name.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Who's...
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Lieuten --
speaker_heading: JORDAN (V.O.)
dialog: Or rank. But can you do me a favor
dialog: and pull a transfer order?
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Okay, but... You didn't have to do
dialog: what you did. Not for me.
speaker_heading: JORDAN (V.O.)
dialog: (appreciative)
dialog: "Wickwire, Thomas Dane." See what
dialog: you can find.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: File in hand, Blondell returns to the phone.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: JORDAN (V.O.)
dialog: Who signed as his "sponsoring
dialog: officer"?
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Uh... don't see it. There's no
dialog: signature. But hang on -- there's a
dialog: note to "See Addendum." Checking...
text: She finds a crisp sheet of stationary, out of place among
text: the smeared government forms.
speaker_heading: BLONDELL
dialog: Wow...
speaker_heading: JORDAN (V.O.)
dialog: What'd you find, Kathy?
text: CLOSE on the stationary. It bears an image of the Capitol
dialog: dome.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL BLDG. - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY
text: The real Capitol dome. A flag is being raised over the
dialog: Senate Wing.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL BDLG. - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY
text: A car parks at barricades. Jordan and Royce emerge, both
dialog: in uniforms.
speaker_heading: D.C. COP
dialog: Don't even dream about leaving that
dialog: vehicle there.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Government car -- tow it if you
dialog: want. Just point us to DeHaven's
dialog: office first.
text: Not waiting for directions, Jordan takes the Capitol steps
dialog: two at a time. We've seen this look on her face before --
dialog: and last time, she nearly knocked the grinder bell into
dialog: orbit.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: Jordan and Royce move quickly down a corridor, eyes
text: hunting, passing CAPITOL GUIDES and their tourists. Soon
dialog: they find...
text: DeHaven's office. A Navy captain exits with paperwork.
text: Hasty salutes.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Capt'n.
speaker_heading: NAVY CAPTAIN
dialog: Commander.
text: The captain moves on. Royce holds in the doorway a beat,
text: memory nagging him. Again he looks at...
text: The captain. He has a distinct bald spot.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (to Jordan)
dialog: Get started here. I'll catch up.
text: Picking up where he left off a few weeks ago, Royce
text: follows Bald Spot around a corner...
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE STAIRCASE - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
dialog: ... down a private staircase...
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CORRIDOR - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: ... and through a door marked "Naval Appropriation Liaison
text: Office." It's not 30 seconds from DeHaven's door.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - DEHAVEN'S OFFICE - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Your name again?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Lieutenant j.g. O'Neil.
text: In a side office, DeHaven's aide overhears. He rises
text: quickly and enters the foyer.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE
dialog: Ms. O'Neil. Yes, of course. I'm
dialog: Douglas Champeau. Unfortunately,
text: the Senator is in chamber right now.
dialog: How can I help you?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: What chamber? Which way is that?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE
dialog: I mean, she's on the floor of the
dialog: Senate.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Okay, which way?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE
dialog: She really can't be disturbed. But
dialog: if you care to wait, I'll find you
text: an office with a phone. It might be
dialog: several hours, but --
text: A TOURIST pokes in.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: 'Scuse me, but I'm here to pick up
dialog: gallery tickets? Are you...
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE
dialog: See the secretary, please.
text: Over the aide's shoulder, Jordan watches as...
text: The tourist claims tickets. HOLD on the bureau near the
text: secretary's desk where the tickets are stored.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE CHAMBER - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: On the chamber floor, SENATORS mull about, consulting
text: aides, polling party mates. PAGES place microphones and
text: fill the ceremonial snuff boxes, readying the room for
dialog: session. Among the activity, we find...
text: DeHaven. Caucusing with another Democrat.
speaker_heading: JORDAN (O.S.)
dialog: Senator DeHaven...
text: DeHaven looks behind her. Nobody.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: DeHaven...
text: Now she looks up to behold...
text: Jordan standing in the gallery. Staring down on DeHaven
text: as she is, it's hard to read anything into her expression
text: but open disdain.
text: Drawn by Jordan's voice, a CAPITOL GUARD hurries down the
text: gallery steps. Royce runs interference.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: We can talk here or we can talk
dialog: outside, Senator. You tell me.
text: On the floor, half the U.S. Senate stops what it's doing
text: and looks up.
text: In the gallery, the guard is thrown off-balance by the
dialog: naval uniforms: Do Royce and Jordan belong here or not?
text: Confused, he looks for guidance from...
text: DeHaven. She notes C-SPAN cameras swinging Jordan's way.
dialog: Summoning a page:
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Cloak room. I'll meet her there.
dialog: Just her.
scene_heading: INT. CLOAK ROOM - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: Towering doors swing open. DeHaven appears, face pleasant
text: but harried.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Jordan. I always hoped we'd get
dialog: together -- though just now I'm
dialog: gearing up for a child-care vote
dialog: that --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Lieutenant Thomas Wickwire.
text: About to hug Jordan, DeHaven stops awkwardly.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You know him.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
text: Sounds familiar.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: It should. You nominated him for
dialog: Spec-Recon just three days after you
dialog: nominated me.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Jordan. Might we do this over lunch
dialog: tomorrow? I do very much want to
dialog: talk, but now is scarcely --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Did you set me up? Did you set me
dialog: up just to see me fail?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Absolutely not.
text: DeHaven glances back at the doors to the Senate chamber --
text: the open doors. Walking Jordan a few steps away:
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Wickwire was there to help. To be
dialog: my eyes on the inside, to make sure
dialog: you were getting a fair shot. At
dialog: least that was the intent.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: What changed?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Should probably ask him that.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: If I have to ask again, Senator,
dialog: I'll be asking in front of cameras.
dialog: It's a threat DeHaven doesn't appreciate. The Senate
text: DOORKEEPER appears.
speaker_heading: DOORKEEPER
dialog: Madam Senator? Your esteemed
dialog: colleagues are requesting --
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
text: Two seconds, Walter.
dialog: (answering Jordan)
dialog: In 1981, the Supreme Court was
dialog: asked to rule on the issue of women
text: in combat positions. The Court
dialog: cited the 1948 Combat Exclusion Laws
dialog: as a legal foundation for keeping
dialog: women ineligible. That decision
dialog: held for all these years -- until
dialog: the White House, 10 days ago, moved
dialog: to have the Exclusion Laws voided.
dialog: To demolish that legal foundation.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: So? Isn't the President jumping on
dialog: your bandwagon?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: What he did was light the bandwagon
dialog: on fire. Because he knows what I
dialog: know -- that American families are
dialog: not prepared to put their daughters
dialog: in harm's way.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You don't know that.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: In face, I do: Roper, Harris,
text: Gallop -- they all come back the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: What are you saying? That a women's
dialog: life is more valuable than a man's?
dialog: That a women's death hurts a family
dialog: more?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: I'm saying it's not going to happen.
dialog: Not when the President is set to
dialog: turn this into a third-rail issue
dialog: should I choose to ever campaign
dialog: against him. He will fry me six
dialog: ways to Sunday for sending daughters
dialog: and young mothers off to war -- and,
dialog: quite possibly, for bringing them
text: back in body bags.
text: Jordan shakes her head in disbelief. She has met the
dialog: enemy -- and she is us.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You were never going to let women
dialog: serve in combat. You always had a
dialog: safety net. Or thought you did.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Jordan. I don't expect you to fully
dialog: understand this -- but sometimes
dialog: there's more to be gained from the
dialog: fight than the victory.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: So the rhetoric gets you headlines.
dialog: But the reality gets you in trouble.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: The reality is this: We send far
dialog: too many men off to war. I don't
dialog: need to compound the problem with
dialog: women.
dialog: (off Jordan's look)
dialog: Can you honestly tell me you wanted
dialog: that life? Squat-pissing in some
dialog: third-world jungle with --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I wanted the choice. The chance to
dialog: prove myself, my skills, my work,
dialog: me. That's how it should've been.
speaker_heading: DOORKEEPER
dialog: Madam Senator, once again I must --
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Just hold the goddamn clock, Walter.
text: Not happy about it, the doorkeeper reaches into an alcove,
text: grabs a broom he keeps around for just these occasions.
text: He enters the chamber...
scene_heading: INT. SENATE CHAMBER - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
text: ... and moves behind the rostrum. Holding the broom by
text: the bristles, the doorkeeper stands on tip-toes...
text: And uses the broom handle to turn back the Senate clock by
dialog: three minutes.
text: Senators GROAN. It's an old trick played by senior
dialog: members -- and they all hate it when it happens to them.
scene_heading: INT. CLOAK ROOM - CAPITOL BLDG. - DAY
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: I once promised you a fast ticket,
dialog: Jordan, and I always meant to make
dialog: good on that. Come work for me. I
dialog: can always use a hard-charger on my
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You promise Wickwire a fast ticket,
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: I've had no direct communication
dialog: with him since this whole thing
dialog: began. And that's quite verifiable.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I'm sure it is.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: You'll think about my offer?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You know, I wonder what the SecNav
dialog: would think about it. If I spoke
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Well, I spoke with Mr. Hayes this
dialog: morning myself -- and told him the
dialog: deal was off. No more test cases.
text: He was only too happy to oblige.
dialog: (dangerously low)
dialog: Don't play politics with me, little
dialog: darlin'. You'd be up way past your
dialog: bedtime.
speaker_heading: DOORKEEPER
dialog: (distraught)
dialog: Madam Senator, please...
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: I'll call you in a few days.
text: She flashes a winning smile and turns away. As the
text: chamber doors start to close behind her:
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: So I wonder what the President would
dialog: think.
text: The last image we have of DeHaven is her whirling back,
text: startled. The DOORS BOOM CLOSED in her face.
scene_heading: EXT. C.O.'S HOUSE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: Through a window, we see the C.O. with a phone pressed to
text: his ear. He stands at attention even though wearing a
text: bathrobe. Half-audible through the glass:
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Yes sir. No, I'm not saying it
dialog: would be impossible, sir, just...
dialog: Yes sir. No sir. Yes sir. I can
dialog: appreciate that, sir. Good night,
dialog: sir.
scene_heading: INT. C.O.'S HOUSE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - NIGHT
text: The C.O. hangs up and looks to Jordan, heretofore unseen.
text: She waits anxiously.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Well, if you had to go over my
dialog: head, lieutenant, that's the way to
dialog: do it. Christ, nothin' like a 0-200
dialog: call from the Commander and Chief to
dialog: get the bowels movin'.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sir? What did he say?
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Basically -- he asked me if I could
text: unring a bell.
scene_heading: EXT. GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: START on the helmet graveyard. Hands enter FRAME to
text: reclaim one helmet in particular. TILT UP on Jordan,
text: back in the grinder, back in Navy greens.
text: The Spec-Recon class is here. Crewmates gawk like stone
text: idiots as Jordan takes her old place in the line-up.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: (to class)
dialog: One of you here understands better
dialog: than anyone what this is all about.
dialog: Someone who has engaged in conduct
dialog: unbecoming. Someone who knows, I
dialog: would hope, what he must now do.
text: CLOSE on Wickwire. Feeling the heat. Wondering if they
dialog: really know who it is. Now the C.O. parks himself right
text: in Wickwire's face.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: And unless that someone takes the
dialog: honorable way out in the next 10
dialog: seconds -- I will make certain he
dialog: faces action under the Uniform Code
dialog: of Military Justice.
text: Wickwire breaks rank and heads for the bell. He slows
text: when reaching Jordan, considering an apology he knows
dialog: would be inadequate.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Just walk away and never stop.
text: He does. As Wickwire RINGS OUT:
dialog: C.O.
dialog: It seems we have an opening for
dialog: class officer. Any nominations?
text: Eyes swing to Jordan. Way ahead of them:
dialog: C.O.
dialog: All those in favor?
text: A CHORUS OF AYES. Jordan puddles up.
dialog: C.O.
text: Chief Urgayle, turning it back over
dialog: to you.
text: On his way to the front, the Chief stops to check in with
dialog: Jordan.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Well, I'm trying to figure out if
dialog: you're stupid, unlucky, gluttonous
dialog: -- or some new alloy of all three.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Good to see you again, too, sir.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Okay, O'Neil. So you've impressed
dialog: all the others. Now try me.
scene_heading: EXT. CORONADO BRIDGE - DAY
text: The morning sun is an orange ball balanced on the Coronado
text: Bridge. In silhouette, pelicans circle, some dive-bombing
text: into the bay below. Suddenly a HELO HOWLS across the sun,
text: scattering the birds as it heads off-shore.
scene_heading: INT. HELO - DAY
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (setting watch)
dialog: Four... three... two... one... hack!
text: Flea, McCool, Slutnik, Cortez, Newberry, Jordan. Inside
text: the airborne helo, they synchronize their dive watches.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Final assignment! Each crew will be
dialog: dropped 12 miles out! Between you
dialog: and the shore is a network of mines
dialog: and underwater obstacles! You will
dialog: clear the obstacles, you will tag
dialog: the mines with your crew number!
dialog: You have until 18-hundred to make
dialog: landfall!
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: As the helo swoops down onto the ocean deck.
scene_heading: INT. HELO - DAY
text: The trainees double-check wet gear and survival vests. On
text: Jordan's nod, they push an inflatable life boat ("ILB") to
text: the helo door. It's rolled up into a rubber log.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Remember! The one thing you can
dialog: count on in any mission is that
dialog: anything mechanical will fail! If
dialog: you get stuck out here, do not call
dialog: me, for you will no longer be in my
dialog: class! Try the Coast Guard!
text: The HELO PILOT slows to five knots. The Chief gives
text: Jordan the go-ahead nod.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (to her crew)
dialog: One-second intervals! Go!
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: The ILB splashes down into the ocean. Jordan's crew helo-
text: casts in after it.
text: From the door of the circling helo, the Chief watches
dialog: as...
text: Jordan's crew swims to the ILB, bobbing in the swells.
text: Flea turns a handle on the CO2 tank meant to inflate the
text: boat. Nothing happens.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: C'mon, c'mon...
text: Cortez tries to help. The handle spins in his grip.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: This tank's not gonna cut it, el-
text: tee. Handle's stripped.
text: Jordan looks skyward. 100 feet overhead, the Chief gives
text: her a parting salute as the helo lifts away.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: I just wonder how that happened.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Cortez, see if you can dig out the
dialog: tools without losing the rest of out
dialog: gear. Try a wrench on that thing.
scene_heading: INT. HELO - DAY
text: The helo turns into the morning sun. PILOT and CO-PILOT
text: drop visors.
text: PILOT'S POV: Of dots in the sun. What the hell are try?
text: SMACK! Something hits the windscreen, splattering red and
dialog: brown.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: What happening?!
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Fucking pelicans! Hang on!
text: He starts to bank clear -- but not fast enough.
scene_heading: EXT. HELO - DAY
text: More birds pepper-shot the helo: One SHREDS through the
text: main rotor, another through the tail rotor. Another bird
dialog: gets sucked right into...
text: The main turbine.
scene_heading: INT. HELO - DAY
text: A SHARP BANG... a WICKED SHIMMY... and now they whole helo
dialog: loses power.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Holy... LET'S GYRATE!
text: As the pilot wrestles controls, the co-pilot rigs for
text: auto-gyration. But the bank they started is working
text: against them: The helo is coming down badly, circling
text: like a huge steel feather.
text: Braced, the Chief looks out the side door -- and sees
text: ocean rushing up at him. Fast.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: What the shit is...
text: Jordan whirls. She's just in time to witness...
text: The helo hitting the water. In seconds it's gone.
dialog: A stunned beat. We never knew the ocean could be this
text: quiet. When the anesthetic of shock wears off:
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: You don't suppose this is just part
dialog: of...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: FLEA! KEEP YOUR EYES ON THAT SPOT!
dialog: Mark it, mark it! Cortez? What the
dialog: hell you waiting for?
text: Cortez torques his wrench hard: CO2 flows into the ILB,
text: inflating it. The crew scrambles aboard. Jordan digs
text: like a dog to find a radio.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Base, this is Crew Leader Six. We
dialog: have a downed helo 12 miles west-
dialog: south west of base with three
dialog: aboard. Repeat, we have a downed
dialog: helo with three aboard...
text: Slutnik yanks a starter cord: Their outboard MOTOR ROARS
text: to life. The boat does a donut in the water and blasts
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: The ILB powers over swells. Flea is perched on the bow,
text: nose to the wind like a hunting dog.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: CUT IT! CUT IT HERE!
text: Slutnik motors down.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: Close as I can get, el-tee!
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Flea, 'Cool, Cortez, Newman -- take
dialog: your minis, hit the water. Go, GO!
text: They grab masks and mini-tanks and dive in like dolphins.
text: Jordan snaps up the radio.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Base, this is Crew Leader Six. What
dialog: is your E.T.A. on that rescue helo?
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: BASE (V.O.)
dialog: Crew Leader, we have a Medevac
text: rerouting from Long Beach, but no
text: other helos prepped at this time.
dialog: Seafox One and Two are launching
text: now. Over.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Base, don't think you copied me. We
text: are 12 miles out. Seafox tops out
dialog: at 30 knots, which makes it a no-
text: show for 18 minutes. Over.
speaker_heading: BASE (V.O.)
dialog: You copied right, Crew Leader.
dialog: We're looking for options ourselves.
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Maybe we should call the Coast
dialog: Guard.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Shut your hole, Slutnik.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: McCool surfaces.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
text: Visibility drops dead at 40 feet.
dialog: If they're deeper than that...
text: The others surface and swim in.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Nobody's comin' outta that crash,
dialog: el-tee. Nobody.
text: A grim beat -- and then A CRACKLE on the radio. With a
text: voice seemingly from the far side of the moon:
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF (V.O.)
dialog: Base, this is Basher One. I've got
dialog: a small problem here. Do you copy?
text: Jaws drop.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Basher One, this is O'Neil. We are
dialog: barely reading you. What is your
dialog: situation?
scene_heading: EXT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: 50 feet down, the helo lies canted on a reef shelf.
scene_heading: INT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: Wedged into a tortured maze of hydraulics and equipment,
text: we find the Chief, operating out of an air-pocket near the
text: windscreen. The pilot is dead, impaled on his cyclic
text: stick, head submerged. The co-pilot is still alive,
text: barely. The Chief struggles to keep the man's head up as
text: he keys a survival radio.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Got one other heartbeat here, looks
dialog: touch and go. I've got a
dialog: questionable leg.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF (V.O.)
dialog: Managed to activate the ELB. If you
dialog: just radio base and let them know,
dialog: they'll fix on that. Oh, and make
text: sure they send a helo with a winch
text: -- door's blocked by a reef. Over.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Chief, sir -- rescue team won't be
dialog: here for 15 minutes. What's your
dialog: air situation? Over.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF (V.O.)
dialog: Say again? How many micks?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: 15, sir.
scene_heading: INT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: The Chief sizes up his air pocket.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: That... may not be adequate.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: If we could just fix on him...
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Beacon's a no-go for us.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Chief -- did I see a flare box
dialog: aboard? And can you get at it?
dialog: Over.
scene_heading: EXT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: The Chief props up the co-pilot's head. Gulps air. Ducks
text: underwater to grope through wreckage. Only now do we see
dialog: that "questionable leg" he was talking about: It's
text: snapped at mid-calf, blood rivering out.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF (V.O.)
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Show us where you are, Chief.
scene_heading: EXT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: Again the Chief goes below water. He finds a small breach
text: in the fuselage... sticks the flare launcher through...
text: and pulls the trigger.
text: With a MAGNESIUM FLASH, the flare launches...
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - DAY
text: ... streaks toward the surface...
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: ... and arcs into daylight 50 yards behind the ILB.
speaker_heading: FLEA
dialog: Six o'clock! Marking, marking!
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Spotted you, Chief. Pri One is to
dialog: slip you some air, so we're coming
dialog: down with a tank -- just something
text: until the A-team shows. Over.
text: An ominous beat.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Chief?
speaker_heading: CHIEF (V.O.)
dialog: O'Neil... there's no air in your
dialog: main tanks.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: What?
text: They scramble to check their main dive tanks. Even
text: through the gauges show full, they're dead empty. All of
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: This mission wasn't about tagging
dialog: mines. It was to see how you coped
text: with mechanical failures. Pretty
dialog: fuckin' ironic, huh?
text: He laughs. It's the bleakest laugh imaginable.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: He's circlin' the drain, el-tee.
text: Jordan surveys the equipment they do have aboard -- the
text: stuff she can count on. Mental turbos kicking in:
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: So we got two full mini-tanks, three
dialog: minutes each. 'Cool? How much air
dialog: in yours?
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Maybe half. Not even.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Grab an oar, find a way to weight it
dialog: down, we're gonna need it. Cortez,
dialog: help him. Flea? You take one of the
dialog: two full minis -- and just follow my
dialog: lead.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: What, we're gonna pry 'em out with
dialog: paddles?
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: (grabbing her)
dialog: O'Neil. Our air's gonna crap out as
dialog: soon as we get down there. You know
dialog: that, don't you?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: So I guess we get one shot at it.
scene_heading: INT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: Swimming in his own blood, the Chief starts to fade away,
text: losing consciousness. But then, through the cockpit
text: windscreen...
text: A hazy orb of light above him. The orb grows and grows
text: until it resolves into a flare carried by his would-be
text: savior. Jordan.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: Why'd it have to be her...
scene_heading: EXT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: Reaching the downed Helo, McCool and Cortez wedge their
text: oars under the fuselage and leverage hard until...
text: An opening appears.
text: Jordan and Flea swim into the breach...
scene_heading: INT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: ... and surface inside the wreckage.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Chief, sir... still with me?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: (unbuckling co-pilot)
dialog: Take him first. Once he's clear,
dialog: come back with --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Sir, let me suggest you stop giving
dialog: orders and start doing exactly what
dialog: I say, because that's the only way
dialog: we're all getting out of here. Now
dialog: how's your vest check out? Still
dialog: good?
scene_heading: EXT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: McCool's air craps out. He abandons his oar and swims for
dialog: the surface. That leaves only...
text: Cortez, struggling mightily to keep the escape route open.
text: He knows his mini-tank is running on empty -- and it
text: scares the bejeezus out of him.
scene_heading: INT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Flea, take the pilot up slow, feed
dialog: him air. Chief, sir, you and I are
dialog: gonna take the express elevator
dialog: outta here. Remember to let your
dialog: air out. Ready?
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: Twin transports -- Seafox One and Two -- pound across the
text: water. Instructors sweep binoculars, trying to spot...
text: The ILB. Newberry POPS A FLARE skyward as Slutnik
text: DOWNLOADS INFO over the radio.
scene_heading: EXT. CRASHED HELO - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: Cortez's air goes dead. He gives it three more seconds,
text: eyes riveted on the underside of the helo, knowing they
dialog: have to come out... right... fucking... absolutely...
text: NOW: Jordan appears with the Chief. Flea is at their
text: heels with the co-pilot.
text: Cortez drops his oar as if it were radioactive and swims
dialog: for the sky.
text: The HELO BOOMS back down onto the reef.
text: Jordan yanks the cord on the Chief's vest. It inflates
text: instantly. One arm raised, Jordan streaks for the
dialog: surface...
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: ... and "Supermans" into daylight with the Chief. They
dialog: covered 50 feet in four seconds.
text: Doing a 360, Jordan spots...
text: Seafox One coming their way.
text: Jordan waves like a shipwreck victim.
text: Not slowing, Seafox lowers a recovery rig into place:
text: They're wasting no time on the pick-up.
text: Remembering the last time she tried this, Jordan gets a
text: death-grip on the Chief's vest.
speaker_heading: THE CHIEF
dialog: (growling)
dialog: O'Neil...
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Shut up, sir. I'm concentrating.
text: The recovery loop comes at her like a big brass ring.
text: SEAFOX THUNDERS past. Jordan plunges her free arm through
dialog: the loop...
text: And suddenly they're gone, whisked away by the boat.
text: Throwing a rooster tail a mile long, Seafox pivots on the
text: water and heads back to base.
speaker_heading: MCCOOL
dialog: Hoooooo-yah!
speaker_heading: NEWBERRY
dialog: Go, go, go, go!
speaker_heading: SLUTNIK
dialog: Uh-huh! That's right! Just like we
dialog: always practice it!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GUARD HOUSE - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Limousine leading, a parade of vehicles reaches the base
text: entrance. A man exits the limo to expedite matters with
text: the BASE GUARD.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE
dialog: Senator DeHaven is here for the
dialog: graduation ceremonies.
speaker_heading: BASE GUARD
dialog: What are all these other vehicles?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE
text: Just a small press corps. Routine.
speaker_heading: BASE GUARD
dialog: And that pickup truck at the end?
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN'S AIDE
dialog: That? That would be the all-woman
dialog: America's Cup team.
scene_heading: EXT. GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
dialog: C.O.
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: Special Reconnaissance Class 118,
dialog: you may now stand down.
text: All buffed and polished and wearing their dress whites,
text: the former trainees erupt with ONE GREAT HOO-YAH. What
text: began as a class of 100 now ends with just 40.
text: Sitting among the families and friends we find Royce,
text: smiling through his fears. Not far away sits Blondell.
text: No one claps louder.
text: Jordan trades high-fives and fierce hugs with crewmates.
text: Pyro finally manages to take her aside.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Lieutenant? I was asked to give you
dialog: this.
text: It's a small case. Jordan opens it to find a medal of
text: bronze and blue enamel.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: The Navy Cross...
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: I believe he earned it for saving a
dialog: man's life in Saudi Arabia. He
dialog: wanted you to have it. He was very
text: clear on that point.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I was looking for him earlier,
dialog: but...
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: The Chief was granted early
dialog: retirement as of 17-hundred
dialog: yesterday. By 18-hundred he was
text: gone. Out of the Navy.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (knowing better)
dialog: Just a coincidence?
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR PYRO
dialog: Maybe it's not my place to speculate
dialog: on his private thoughts. But I
dialog: think the Chief knew that his way --
dialog: his world -- had come and gone.
text: Jordan nods, understanding.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRINDER - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: DeHaven. She's holding a press conference, trying to turn
dialog: piss into wine -- and doing a pretty good job:
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: ... of course, we always prefer
dialog: peace to war. But if we're going to
dialog: war, give women a piece. Give them
dialog: the choice to defend their country.
dialog: And if the President doesn't like
dialog: that idea -- if he wants to continue
dialog: to deny women their equal rights --
dialog: then I'll be happy to step out back
dialog: with him any time, anywhere...
text: Jordan approaches. Spotting her, the PRESS PLEADS for a
text: photo-op with both women.
speaker_heading: DEHAVEN
dialog: Jordan? Jordan, dear...
text: Letting silence be the ultimate expression of scorn,
text: Jordan walks right past DeHaven...
text: And joins Royce. Together they turn and leave.
dialog: C.O.
dialog: Senator, perhaps this would be a
dialog: good time for that lunch. Will the
dialog: America's Cup team be joining us?
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: Jordan and Royce walk hand in hand, strolling the same
dialog: beach she trained on.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: So here we are again. Staring three
dialog: years of operational duty in the
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Look. It's not like you'd be
text: completely out of reach. And maybe
dialog: we could call in a few favors, get
dialog: you stationed at Norfolk instead of
dialog: Coronado. There are ways of dealing
dialog: with these things -- I mean, if
dialog: people are so inclined.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: (warily)
dialog: Which is guy-speak for...
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: "Yes, Jordan -- I'll wait for you no
dialog: matter how long."
dialog: Finally, the right answer.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR STATION - CORONADO NAVAL BASE - DAY
text: START TIGHT on Jordan's face. Even beneath the camouflage
text: paint, we can see her exhilaration. PULL BACK to find her
text: in a line of commandos boarding an IDLING C-130: She's
text: embarking on her first mission. KEEP PULLING BACK until
dialog: we've lost her completely -- until she's just one soldier
text: among many, indistinguishable from the rest.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
