speaker_heading: GALAXY QUEST
dialog: David Howard (Story)
dialog: David Howard & Robert Gordon (Screenplay)
scene_heading: EXT. OUTER SPACE '
text: The vastness of space. Suddenly a hole in the sky opens with a
text: flash and a SPACESHIP rumbles into view. On its hull the letters
text: USEA PROTECTOR. Magnificent, though on closer inspection it
text: shudders ever so slightly, denoting pre-CGI model work on a
dialog: budget. We're watching a TV show.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: We're exiting the time knot now sir.
scene_heading: INT. USEA PROTECTOR COMMAND DECK - SPACE
text: 5 Members of the crew of the USEA PROTECTOR sit in the large circa-
text: 1979-“high-tech” cabin. All of them human except for one, DR.
text: LAZARUS, a cross between a human and a raptor. The crewmates
text: exchange relieved smiles.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: We're alive.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: We made it. Captain, we made it!
speaker_heading: LAZARUS (THE ALIEN)
dialog: By Grabthar’s hammer, we live to tell the
dialog: tale.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (0.S.)
dialog: Systems register functional.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: All systems are working, Captain. Captain?...
text: They all turn to look at THE CAPTAIN, who turns to reveal himself
text: dramatically. Good looking. His acting is classic Charlton Heston
text: take-no-prisoners style. He looks around the command deck,
text: worried, almost sniffing the air.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I don’t like it. It was too easy... Look for
dialog: ambient energy fields.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: All normal sir... The entire spectrum.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Check again.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Yes sir, I- Wait. My god.
text: His radar lights up with dots. First a few, then HUNDREDS.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: They're everywhere. There are time knots
text: opening everywhere.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: IMPACT NOW CAPTAIN!
text: Suddenly an EXPLOSION rocks the ship. The crew goes SCUTTLING to
text: one side of the ship then back in classic “the ship is rocking”
dialog: fashion.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: A trap.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: We’re surrounded Captain. The entire 5k Ranking
dialog: is out there.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Our plasma armor?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Gone sir.
text: Another BLAST rocks the room. (Close inspection reveals that some
dialog: ef the actors scuttle more than others.)
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (0.S.)
text: Structural damage at 68 percent.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: We're getting major structural damage!
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: It's a core meltdown sir. It can’t be stopped!
text: The Captain turns to his advisor, Lazarus.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Captain, surrender may be our only option.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: No, never give up... NEVER surrender!
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: The reactor has eaten through four levels...
text: Six levels... The ship is disintegrating!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Your orders sir?
text: Another SIREN sounds. The Captain pauses, considering the
text: situation. His face a melodramatic collage of emotions.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sir. Your orders?
text: He walks into close up, steely determination on his face.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Activate the Omega 13.
text: The crewmates exchange expectant and terrified glances. CLOSE UP
text: of a crewman’s hand as he pushes down a CRYSTALLIN ROD which in
text: turn opens five layers of mechanical locks revealing a serious
text: looking lever. The Captain pulls that lever.
text: A MACHINE is revealed, rising from the floor in the middle of the
text: room. It begins to GLOW. Cut to each actor in turn reacting
text: dramatically. Then suddenly...
text: THE PICTURE GOES WHITE, LEADER NUMBERS APPEAR, with a STUDIO
text: COPYRIGHT notice.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: HUNDREDS OF FACES - ENTHRALLED LEGIONS of mostly spotty faced male
text: adolescent FANS staring into camera. For a moment all is silent.
text: A few are sobbing. Then a BURST OF THUNDEROUS APPLAUSE.... We're
text: at a SCIENCE FICTION CONVENTION. The enthusiastic crowd of geeks,
text: nerds, and complete geeks continue cheering as the master of
text: ceremonies GUY takes the stage.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Well, there you are! You are the first people
text: to see the lost GALAXY QUEST episode 53 two
dialog: parter since it was originally aired in ‘82!
dialog: (the fans cheer)
dialog: As most of you know, no concluding episode was
dialog: filmed when the series was cancelled, so the
dialog: episode was never included in the syndication
dialog: run. Let’s hear it for Travis Latke, who
dialog: actually rescued the footage from the studio
dialog: garbage. They were going to throw it out! Can
dialog: you believe that?
dialog: (Latke stands, fans cheer)
dialog: Now for the moment you’ve all been waiting
text: for... The intrepid crew of the USEA PROTECTOR!
text: The audience cheers, but a STAGEHAND in the wings signals for Guy
dialog: to “stretch.”
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: But first... What is a “hero”? Let’s take a
dialog: look at a few more clips...
text: The audience groans, impatient.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Here we meet the REAL LIFE ACTORS all dressed as their TV alter
text: egos... GWEN DEMARCO, beautiful, in a sexy and improbable body
text: suit. SIR ALEXANDER DANE, (DR. LAZARUS) irritable, wearing green
text: alien prosthetic makeup. DUSTY KWAN, calm, sitting on an apple box
text: off in a corner reading the paper. TOMMY WEBBER, the youngest of
dialog: the group.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Where the hell is he?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: An hour and a half late. I can’t believe he’d
dialog: do this to us again.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I believe it, the bastard. He doesn't care
dialog: about anybody but himself.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: You guys hear he scheduled a fan appearance
dialog: without us?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You’ re kidding. When for?
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Tomorrow morning, before the store opening. My
dialog: agent told me.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: But we made a pact. We said we'd stick
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Right, like he’s got poyatty to anyone. This is
text: the guy who tried to kill off Alex's character
dialog: when it became too popular... Am I right, Alex?
dialog: Alex?...
text: They all turn to see Alexander staring into a makeup mirror, eyes
text: roaming over his alien green makeup and scaly rubber features with
text: a mournful expression.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Uh oh... Alex, get away from that thing...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (staring into mirror)
dialog: Dear god... How did I come to this?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Didn’t we specifically say NO MIRRORS?...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I played Richard III at the Royal National
dialog: Theater before her Majesty the Queen!..
speaker_heading: DUSTY
text: (quietly, as he flips a page)
dialog: “Five curtain calls...”
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: ...Five curtain calls! I was an ACTOR once,
dialog: damn it. Now look at me. LOOK AT ME.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Settle down, Alex...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No. I can’t go out there! I won't say that
dialog: ridiculous catch phrase one more time. I won't.
dialog: I can’t!
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: At least you had a PART. You had a character
dialog: people loved! My TV guide interview was six
dialog: paragraphs about this body suit. About my legs.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: GWEN (cont'd)
dialog: How did I perfect my trademark sidesaddle pose? ’
dialog: Nobody even bothered to ask what I DO on the
dialog: ship. Nobody knows. Do you? Does anybody?
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: You were the, uh... Wait I’1ll think of it...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I repeated the computer. Whatever it said, I
dialog: turned and said to the rest of you. I spoke the
dialog: obvious. Nothing I did ever affected the plot
dialog: not ONCE. Nothing I did was ever taken
scene_heading: SERIOUSLY.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Guys. I’m an African American playing a
dialog: Malaysian named “Laredo.” HELLO!
text: Suddenly the rear stage doors open, bright light streams in and
text: JASON NESMITH ("The Captain”) appears, strolling in in his
text: confident exuberant charming way.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: My friends, your Captain has arrived!
text: He pats Tommy on the back.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Am I too late for Alexanders’s panic attack?
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: Apparently so.
text: He squeezes Alexander’s shoulder, leans in to inspect a giant
text: green plastic mole on his neck.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That's irregular, you should have it looked at.
text: He flicks Dusty’s newspaper, reads over his shoulder. Dusty holds
text: out a hand for a mild five without looking up.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Lakers are HOT.
dialog: (kisses Gwen on the cheek)
dialog: Speaking of which... You look amazing.
text: He locks up to see the others glaring at him. A beat.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay, what did I do now?
speaker_heading: CONVENTION STAGE
text: On the stage, Guy continues to stall...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: ..-Sure, the rocks looked like paper mache, and
dialog: the sets moved when anyone bumped into them...
dialog: But we didn’t care...
text: FILM CLIPS are projected behind him: On an alien planet THE
text: CAPTAIN carries the LIMP BODY OF HIS ADVISOR, LAZARUS, ray guns
text: erupting around him... On the command deck the crew fights a space
text: battle with crack precision TEAMWORK....
speaker_heading: GUY (CONTINUED)
dialog: ..-For those four seasons from ‘79 to ‘82 we
dialog: the viewers developed the same affection for
text: the crew of the USEA PROTECTOR that the crew
dialog: had for each other... These weren't just
dialog: adventurers exploring space, these were
dialog: friends...
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: The others surround JASON, fighting.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You said we do appearances together, or not at
dialog: all!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I didn’t say that. I said “wouldn’t it be
dialog: great if we could always work together.” That’s
dialog: what I said.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Unbelievable.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You are so full of shit.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What's the big deal? A few fans built a little
dialog: set in their garage. I come in for an hour at
dialog: most. It’s a nothing.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: How much of.a nothing? Not enough to split five
dialog: ways kind of a nothing?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What do you want me to say, Gwen?... They
dialog: wanted the Captain.
text: Suddenly bright light streams in. They all turn to see ALEXANDER
text: skulking out the exit. A beat, then they all run to catch
text: Alexander, TACKLING HIM.
speaker_heading: ONSTAGE
text: Guy gets a thumbs up cue from a stagehand and begins to introduce
text: the cast, much to the delight of the applauding FANS.
dialog: Guy
dialog: Okay, here we go... Let’s hear a warm welcome
dialog: for crack Navigator and Gunner “Lt. Laredo”,
dialog: Tommy Webber!
dialog: .
text: Tommy comes bounding out with a big smile, his hair mussed. On the
text: screen behind is a projected film clip of Tommy in action.
speaker_heading: TOMMY (FILM CLIP) AS LAREDO
dialog: “If it’s got proton thrusters, I can fly it.”
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Ship's Tech Sergeant Chen... Dusty Kwan!
text: Dusty strolls out with a casual wave.
speaker_heading: DUSTY AS CHEN
dialog: “I'll reverse the polarity. It’s our only
dialog: hope.”
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Gwen and Jason are wrestling on the ground with Alexander.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Alex you can’t just leave.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I was knighted by the queen!!!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Come on, old friend...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Friend. You stole all my best lines. You cut
dialog: me out of episode three entirely! One evil
dialog: twin wasn’t enough, no you had to have TWO evil
dialog: twins!..-
scene_heading: GUY (0.S. FROM THE STAGE)
text: The beautiful shipmate Tawny Madison... GWEN
speaker_heading: DEMARCO!
text: Gwen hears her introduction and stands, leaving Jason to wrestle
dialog: Alexander.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: He’s all yours.
speaker_heading: ONSTAGE
text: Gwen takes the stage. In the film clip, Tawny Madison looks
text: around the cabin fearfully.
speaker_heading: SHIP’S COMPUTER
text: One hundred degrees and rising...
scene_heading: GWEN AS TAWNY MADISON
dialog: “It's... It’s getting hotter, Captain!”
text: Many “appreciative” WHISTLES. Gwen forces a smile.
dialog: Gcuy
dialog: And now... The Captain’s advisor and closest
text: friend. His peaceful nature ever at odds with
text: the savage warrior inside him, after witnessing
dialog: the massacre of his entire species as a boy...
text: We see a split screen shot of Alexander, one peaceful and monk-
text: like, the other a savage reptilian beast, tearing into a foe.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Jason is still in a wrestling match with Alexander.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You WILL go out there.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I won’t and nothing you say-
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: “The show must go on.”
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Damn you! Damn you!
speaker_heading: GUY (cont'd) (0.S.)
dialog: “pr. Lazarus of Tev’meck”... Sir Alexander
dialog: Dane!
text: Alex bounds up on stage, bowing deep with grace and humility.
dialog: stage trained British actor.
scene_heading: ALEX AS LAZARUS ONSCREEN
dialog: “By Grabthar’s hammer, you shall be avenged!”
text: Alex cringes, desperately unhappy.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: And finally, my fellow Questarians, the brave
dialog: Captain of the USEA PROTECTOR... Peter Quincy
scene_heading: Taggart ... JASON NESMITH.
text: Jason appears and a SPOTLIGHT follows him on.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Unbelievable. He rented a SPOT?
dialog: The
text: Jason raises his hands like a conductor, encouraging the FANS to
text: cry out in unison...
scene_heading: JASON/ JASON ON SCREEN/ EVERYONE
scene_heading: “NEVER GIVE UP, NEVER SURRENDER... DAMN THE
text: NEUTRINO CANNONS... FULL SPEED AHEAD!”
text: The fans go crazy. The actors exchange glances.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: The Captain and his crew will be signing
text: autographs on imperial decks “b” and “ce” near
text: the coke machines.
scene_heading: CONVENTION HALLWAY
text: It's quiet. We're on FOUR PAIRS OF BOOTS walking down the
text: hallway. We PAN UP to reveal FIVE SERIOUS LOOKING YOUNG PEOPLE, 4
text: men and a woman, clean cut as Disneyland employees and impeccably
text: outfitted in GALAXY QUEST style uniforms. There’s something odd
dialog: about their movements and be avior you can’t quite put your finger
dialog: on.. For now we'll refer to them as THE PECULIAR FANS. They don’t
text: say a word to each other as they walk down the hallway and into
dialog: the bustling
speaker_heading: CONVENTION HALL
text: We move with the PECULIAR FANS through the convention floor, past
text: the numerous FANS dressed as their favorite GALAXY QUEST
text: characters... through the various booths selling GALAXY QUEST and
text: other Sci-fi memorabilia, catching snippets of conversation along
dialog: the way:
text: ...They pass two ELABORATELY COSTUMED ALIEN FANS talking.
speaker_heading: ALIEN
dialog: ...Yeah, I used to be Gark’nor of Ang but I got
dialog: a rash from the chest pads so now I’m Sacnod
dialog: from episode 5, which is fine except the
text: transducer pinches when I sit down...
text: ...They pass a group of particularly EARNEST (geeky) FANS ata
text: vendor’s booth, also costumed as the five GALAXY QUEST leads.
text: Their leader, BRANDON WHEEGER, inspects a seller’s model of the
text: DEFENDER, contemptuously.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
text: The tail fin is concave, not convex. The proton
dialog: reactor is where the influx thermistors should
dialog: be and.. my god... is this Testor’s blue green
dialog: number six on the hull?
dialog: (drops the model roughly)
dialog: I... I... This is a complete abortion.
text: With curious glances to this similarly uniformed group, the
text: PECULIAR FANS move past, then come to a halt as they spot...
text: JASON, up on a raised platform at the front of the hall signing
text: autographs for a long line of fans.
text: The peculiar fans stare at Jason as iff they were in the presence
text: of God. They exchange astonished smiles and one of them even
text: grows misty. Then they start toward him...
speaker_heading: THE CAST TABLE
text: Gwen, Tommy, Alexander and Dusty sign autographs at a row of
text: tables near Jason, but significantly lower than his perch.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Is it me or does that sonofabitch’s table get
dialog: higher every convention?
text: One of many fans dressed as “Dr. Lazarus” steps up to Alexander
text: and salutes him with crossed fists.
speaker_heading: FAN
dialog: “By Grabthar’s hammer, by the suns of Warvan, I
dialog: shall avenge you!”
text: Alexander ignores this, grabs the photo from his hand, signs it,
text: thrusts it back. The next fan steps up.
speaker_heading: FAN
dialog: “By Grabthar’s hammer, by the-”
text: He signs and thrusts it back before he can even finish.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Next!
text: Guy (the MC) approaches the actors at their tables.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Hi everybody.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Hey. Thanks for the great intro, uh...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Guy... You probably don’t remember me, do you?
text: (they stare at him blankly)
dialog: I was on the show in ‘79. Episode 12? Got
text: killed by the lava monster before the first
dialog: commercial? “Crewman #6?”
text: The actors pretend that they remember him. “oh, right! Guy!”
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Listen, I was wondering, would you guys mind if
dialog: I sit in today? See if anybody’s interested in
dialog: an autograph? I mean, who knows...
speaker_heading: T
dialog: Sure, Guy, if you can take the excitement.
text: Two more FANS dressed as Alexander’s character approach him,
text: proudly CHATTERING at him in Lazarus’ “Mak’tar” language.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Don’t make me get a restraining order.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM
text: THE PECULIAR FANS are making their way through the crowd toward
text: Jason. They have to step aside as a procession of fans pass
text: through on their way to the costume contest. As the peculiar fans
dialog: stand there we suddenly notice something very strange;
dialog: ll.
text: THE LEFT HAND of the tallest one is flickering like bad veception
text: on a TV, buzzing between a normal hand and A HAND WITH FOUR LONG
text: BLUE TENTACLES WHERE FINGERS SHOULD BE.
text: The LEADER notices the flickering and motions to the afflicted
text: man. The tall man raps sharply against a metal blinking box on his
dialog: belt a few times -- like you might a broken radio -- and the hand
text: becomes normal again. He looks up, nods at the leader. From now on
dialog: we'll just refer to these 5 as THE ALIENS.
text: AT THE CAST TABLE
text: Guy now sits with the others, forlorn. No fans are in line for his
text: autograph. He watches as Dusty fields questions from the group of
text: dedicated fans led by the fastidious BRANDON.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Mr. Kwan? In episode nineteen, when the
dialog: reactor fused, you used an element from Leopold
dialog: Six to fix the thrusters. What was that called?
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Bivrakium.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: The blue sheath it was encased in- ?
speaker_heading: DUSTY
text: A bi-thermal krevlite housing.
text: Brandon makes a note, thanks him and exits with his group.
dialog: Guy
dialog: How do you remember this stuff?
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Oh I just make it up. Use lots of “k”s and
dialog: “v"s.
text: A male FAN moves up to Gwen, hands her a picture to «ign.
speaker_heading: FAN
dialog: I’m a big fan Ms. Demarco.
text: Gwen looks at the photo, nonplussed.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You really expect me to sign a naked picture of
dialog: myself? This isn’t even my body!
speaker_heading: FAN
dialog: Yeah, normally with fakes it’s like, recycle
dialog: bin. But.. This one’s really good.
text: (Gwen sighs, starts to sign)
dialog: Could you not write over the... Thanks.
text: A fan finally approaches Guy who looks up eagerly. The fan looks
text: at him quizzically, trying to place him.
dialog: — ————
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Episode 12. (gets no reaction) Killed by the
dialog: lava monster?..
speaker_heading: FAN
dialog: (turns to Tommy)
dialog: Mr. Webber, could I get an autograph?
text: Guy shrugs, disappointed. Gwen gives him a comforting look, then
text: looks across at
scene_heading: JASON ON HIS PERCH
text: Talking dramatically to a group of fans.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ...on one hand, if I had moved an inch, the
dialog: beast would have killed me. On the other hand,
dialog: my crew was in danger...
speaker_heading: FAN
dialog: How did you know what to do?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Without a crew, I’m not a Captain.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: And we all know what happened to that beast on
dialog: Enok 7...
dialog: The fans make happy nerdy “we sure do” noises.
speaker_heading: CASTMEMBERS TABLE
text: Gwen shakes her head appreciatively.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You gotta admit, they do love him.
speaker_heading: TOMMY 7
dialog: Almost as much as he loves himself.
text: They watch as Jason fields another question from a fan.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ...I'm glad you asked... To me the most
dialog: important qualities of a Galaxy Explorer are
dialog: loyalty...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: ...to camera center no matter whose shot you're
dialog: blocking...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Leadership....
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: ...to make sure craft service keeps those
dialog: little butter cookies, and plenty of them...
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: And determination.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: -..to playing scenes shirtless because the
dialog: ladies do love Captain Furry.
text: Gwen, Alex and the others try to contain their laughter as...
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - JASON’S TABLE
text: Bored with the constant queries of his fans, Jason glances over to
text: see Gwen smiling at him. He smiles back, unaware that her mirth
text: is at his expense. She quickly looks away, self-conscious. Jason
text: doesn’t even take his eyes off Gwen as BRANDON steps forward, his
text: brow knit with serious matters.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Captain, please settle a dispute that my crew
dialog: and I are having. In “The Quasar Dilemma”, the
text: Sentient had taken control of the ship’s
dialog: guidance systems, however-
text: Jason stands, his attention still on Gwen.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Excuse me guys.
text: Jason exits. Brandon turns to his friends, frustrated.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: I hadn’t even gotten to the relevant
dialog: conundrum...
speaker_heading: THE CAST TABLE
text: Gwen answers a question from a shy NERD GIRL.
speaker_heading: NERD GIRL
dialog: Miss Demarco?... In episode 15, “Caverns of
dialog: Delos 5?” I got the feeling you and the Captain
dialog: kind of... had a thing... in the cave when you
dialog: were sealed off together... Did you?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: The Captain and I NEVER had a thing.
text: Jason sidles up.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That’s her story.
text: The nerd girl giggles and exits, leaving Jason and Gwen alone.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: So decent of you to come mingle with the little
dialog: people.
dialog: )
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay, what’s up Gwen? I know you. It's not my
dialog: little fan appearance tomorrow that’s got you
dialog: so pissed off. What is it?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Where were you on Tuesday?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Tuesday, Tuesday... Oh, Jake's birthday,
dialog: right... Is that all you’re mad about?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Is that all? He did your makeup every day, put
dialog: up with all your crap, never complained once
dialog: and you couldn’t take one stupid hour out of
dialog: your night to toast him at his birthday?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I meant to but I got busy. Hey, you know if
dialog: Jake ever really needed anything I'd be there
dialog: for him. I admit, I’m not great with the small
dialog: stuff, but with the big stuff...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: He died yesterday. Cardiac arrest.
text: This shuts Jason up. He looks a bit stunned.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Shit. Old Jake? I was... I was going to-
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: But you didn’t. (beat) You have this image of
dialog: yourself, Jason. Maybe it’s the show. Maybe
dialog: it's the way you saw yourself as a kid. Well, I
dialog: hate to break it to you, but you’re not that
dialog: guy. You're not the guy you think you are.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I... I...
text: Jason looks stunned. He starts to say something, but seems
text: genuinely affected. He turns and walks away. Gwen feels bad.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Shit...
speaker_heading: CONVENTION FLOOR
text: Jason moves forward, introspective, amidst the enthusiastic fans.
text: They all shout out questions and comments to him... But Jason
text: pushes past without response and takes refuge in the-
speaker_heading: MEN’S ROOM
text: Jason enters to witness the incongruous sight of four MANK'NAR
text: beasts at the urinals taking a MANK’NAR piss.
dialog: 1s.
text: He enters a stall and sits on the lid, trying to get a mdément to
text: think. But two CYNICAL 20-SOMETHINGS enter, laughing their asses
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: CYNICAL GUY 1
dialog: You're right. What a FREAK SHOW. This is
text: fricking HILARIOUS.
speaker_heading: CYNICAL GUY 2
dialog: Yeah, what a bunch of losers. And those poor
dialog: actors. They’ve done, like, WHAT for twenty
dialog: years? I think Dusty Kwan did a dog food
dialog: commercial... Sad.
speaker_heading: CYNICAL GUY 1
dialog: Did you hear Nesmith up there? That’s the
dialog: saddest. I think he actually gets off on these
dialog: nerds thinking he’s space captain. It’s
dialog: pathetic. And his friends...
speaker_heading: CYNICAL GUY 2
dialog: ...they HATE him. I know, did you hear them
text: ragging on him? “Loyalty...to center stage.”
speaker_heading: CYNICAL GUY 1
dialog: He has no idea that he’s a laughingstock...
dialog: Even to his buddies.
text: They exit, their laughter ringing in Jason’s ears.
scene_heading: CONVENTION FLOOR - JASON’S TABLE
text: Jason is back at his table signing autographs in a foul mood. He
text: scribbles his name irritably, avoiding contact with the fans as
text: BRANDON and his group of nerds approach hin.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Captain, as I was saying... In “The Quasar
text: Dilemma”, the Sentient had taken control of
dialog: your ship’s systems, and you used the auxiliary
text: of deck b to gain control. But the CD ROMS of
dialog: the ship guidance systems indicate that the
dialog: auxiliary of deck b is not tied to the main
dialog: power grid, so we were wondering then where the
dialog: error lies.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: {he stares at them a beat)
dialog: What’s wrong with you?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s a television show. Okay? That’s all. It’s
text: just a bunch of fake sets, and wooden props, do
dialog: you understand?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Yes but, we were wondering-
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: There IS no quantum flux and there is no
dialog: auxiliary... There’s no goddamn ship! Do you
dialog: get it? Do YOU?
text: Gwen and the others notice the commotion at the other table and
text: exchange glances. Jason is now standing.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ...Throwing away your time and energy on a TV
dialog: show that’s been off the air for twenty years!
dialog: What the hell is wrong with you?
text: Jason notices that all eyes are turned on him. The hall has become
text: deathly quiet. Angry and ashamed, he rises and exits through the
dialog: hall. Brandon and the fans do their best not to take this
text: personally. Tommy turns to Alex, stunned.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Wow. What was that?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I’ve said for years. He’s mentally deranged.
scene_heading: CONVENTION HALLWAY
text: Jason strides down the hallway. As he turns the corner he runs
text: into the five ALIENS. Their leader, BETZALAR, pauses, bowing his
text: head respectfully before addressing Jason.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Captain, I must speak to you. I am Betzalar of
dialog: the Theramin Nebula. We have come on a matter
dialog: of supreme importance...
speaker_heading: JASON
scene_heading: NOT. NOW.
text: He pushes past them and continues away down the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. JASON’S BEDROOM
text: Jason sits on the edge of the bed. Gulps down the last of a glass
text: of scotch. He flips channels. We pan to
text: THE TELEVISION as the channels change; late night fare.. 900 chat
text: numbers... infomercial for a Flowbee.... He stops at the
text: conclusion of an episode of GALAXY QUEST... Captain Taggart makes
text: a heroic speech. Jason begins to mouth the words along with his
dialog: alterego.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN TAGGART (ON TV)
dialog: As long as there is injustice, whenever a
text: Targathian baby cries out, wherever a distress
dialog: signal sounds among the stars... We'll be
dialog: there. This fine ship, and this fine crew...
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: ’
text: We pan back to the bed... Jason has passed out, body twisted face
text: down in a pillow.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. JASON'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Jason sleeps, hungover, dead to the world.
text: His DOORBELL RINGS. He barely moves. Every indication is that he’s
text: dead. More ringing. He stirs enough to groan, and drags a pillow
text: ever his head. The ringing continues....
scene_heading: EXT. JASON'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Jason opens the door in his robe, drooping bloodshot eyes, squint
text: of a headache... There before him are
speaker_heading: THE ALIENS
text: dressed in their perfect GALAXY QUEST attire. Jason stares at
text: them, bleary eyed. With earnest respectful faces, the five salute
text: him inthe classic “GALAXY QUEST” style. Jason shuts the door in
dialog: their face.
text: CUT TO BLACK... DING DONG! The door opens again.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: WHAT. DO. YOU. WANT?!
text: The leader, BETZALAR, steps forward. Speaks quickly.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR .
dialog: Sir, I understand this is a terrible breach of
dialog: protocol- But please, we've come on a long
dialog: journey at great risk, and I beg you to hear
dialog: our plea. We are Thermians from the Klatu
dialog: Nebula. Our people are being systematically
text: hunted and slaughtered by Roth’h’ar Sarris of
dialog: Fatu-Krey. Out of self preservation we have
dialog: constructed a duplicate of your ship, The
dialog: Protector, from your historical records, your
dialog: computer databases... Sarris, our nemesis,
dialog: wants the ship, he is particularly interested
dialog: in the Omega 13. We are to meet in a
dialog: negotiation. However our past efforts in this
dialog: regard have been nothing short of disastrous.
dialog: The flames, the death...
text: (he quickly gathers himself)
dialog: You are our last hope. Your leadership, your
dialog: courage, your skills at negotiation and
dialog: diplomacy are our only bid for survival.
text: Jason scans his brain, then two synapses connect.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Oh, right! The thing with the thing. My agent
dialog: told me. Sorry. Come on in, I’1ll get some pants
dialog: on.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. JASON’S HOUSE
text: The four aliens stand on one side of the room. Jason, mostly
text: dressed, hunts under his couch for something.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Captain, sir. I speak for all of us when I say
dialog: that standing here in your presence is the
dialog: greatest honor we could ever have hoped to
dialog: achieve in our lifetimes.
text: Mostly all they can see of Jason at the moment is his butt.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Thanks, appreciate it... Anybody seen my other
dialog: shoe?
text: The others look around the room for the shoe.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN LIMO - DAY
text: Jason enters and sits in the back with the aliens. Betzalar
text: motions the driver to go.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Sir, I am Neru, senior requisition officer.
dialog: Before we travel to the ship, please let me
dialog: know if you have any requirements. Weapons,
dialog: documents, personnel...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: {half awake)
dialog: I could use a Coke.
text: One of the aliens nods to the other who makes a note.
speaker_heading: TEB
dialog: Sir, I am Teb. I would like to explain the
dialog: historical situation between our people and the -
text: Sarris Dominion in greater detail. In the 5
dialog: million years following the great nebula burst
dialog: our people were one...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: How about him? Doesn’t he talk?
speaker_heading: TEB
text: His translator is broken.
text: The fourth alien says something, but it comes out a weird mix of
text: sounds. Like a screaming baby inside a bagpipe.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okey doke... So, listen, I had a late night
dialog: with a Kreemorian Fangor Beast, so I’m going to
dialog: shut my eyes for a bit. But keep going, I’m
dialog: still listening...
text: Jason is asleep before Teb gets the next sentence out.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. RECEIVING QUARTERS ~ PROTECTOR IT
text: Jason is shaken softly by the shoulders. He opens his eyes to see
text: a young female CREWMAN in GALAXY QUEST uniform, LALIARI.
speaker_heading: LALIARI
dialog: I am sorry to wake you, siz, but your presence
text: is requested on the command deck.
text: Jason tries to reorient himself as she leads him forward.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - THE PROTECTOR II
text: Laliari escorts Jason down the high tech hallway. Jason locks
text: around, still holding his can of Coke.
speaker_heading: LALIARI
dialog: Sir, Sarris has moved the deadline. We are
text: approaching his ship at the Ni-delta now. He
dialog: wants an answer to his proposal. I understand
dialog: you have been briefed.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah, I got most of it in the car. He’s the bad
dialog: guy, right?
speaker_heading: LALIARI
dialog: Yes sir he is a very bad man indeed. He has
dialog: tortured our scientists, put us to work in the
dialog: gallium arsenide mines, captured our females
dialog: for his own demented purposes...
speaker_heading: JASON .
dialog: Okay I’ve got the picture. Let’s see what old
text: Sarris has to say for himself.
text: Betzalar approaches with other CREWMEMBERS.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR -
dialog: Captain... Welcome to the Protector II. Would
dialog: you like to don your uniform?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Mind if we skip that? I have to get back
dialog: pretty quick for this thing in Van Nuys.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: As you wish.
text: Another ALIEN comes running up out of breath.
speaker_heading: EXCITED ALIEN
dialog: Sir... It’s Sarris. He's here.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
text: A door slides OPEN and Jason and the others enter the COMMAND
text: DECK.... It’s straight out of the TV show.
dialog: 20.
text: Blinking lights, consoles, the cool old tech displays... ‘Jason
text: looks around, genuinely impressed.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Not bad. I was expecting some cardboard boxes
text: in a garage.
text: They lead him to the Captain’s chair. He sits.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I mean, I’ve never even seen the real one all
dialog: put together like this. They’d shoot the master
dialog: this way, then they’d pull the back walls for
dialog: the reverse angles and... This thing have a cup
dialog: holder?
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: We're approaching in five ticks, sir. Command
dialog: to slow?
text: Jason looks toward the front window/view screen. Stars move past
text: in a familiar display.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: Sure, set the screen saver on two.
text: The NAVIGATOR looks at him, confused.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Sorry. Sorry. Didn’t mean to break the mood.
dialog: Slow to Mark 2, lieutenant.
text: A SHIP appears on the screen, growing closer. It is a MENACING
text: craft, sharp and jagged, with a gargoyle shaped figurehead. The
text: ship slows to a stop, looking like the Cathedral of Notre Dame.
text: Then the VIEWSCREEN fuzzes to life with an image of...
speaker_heading: SARRIS
text: He’s ugly and green hued. Black sharp teeth. A metal hand... He
text: hisses... There is a beat as the aliens take in the sight, trying
dialog: to well their courage.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: I see fear. That is expected.
text: The whole room resonates with his voice.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Ah, they bring a new Captain... Such a cowardly
dialog: race. Not even your own kind... No matter.
dialog: Here are my demands, and I would suggest,
dialog: Captain, that you think well before speaking a
dialog: word, because these negotiations are...
dialog: tender... and if I do not like what I hear...
dialog: There will be blood and pain as you cannot
dialog: imagine...
text: Jason takes a sip of coke and checks his watch.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: First, I require the Omega 13... Second-
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (blase, like a laundry list)
dialog: Okey dokey, let's fire blue disrupters full.
text: Fire red disrupters full. Fire gannet magnets
text: left and right. Fire pulse catapults from all
text: chutes. And throw this thing at him too,
dialog: killer.
text: He hands the GUNNER the empty coke can, then before even waiting
dialog: -.-he exits!
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Jason emerges and looks both ways trying to get his bearings.
text: Several of the aliens chase after him as he enters the corridor,
text: exchanging stunned glances, trying to absorb the magnitude of what
dialog: just happened.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Captain?... Where are you... going?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Home.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: You... You mean Earth?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah. “Earth.” Time to get back to “Earth,”
dialog: kids.
text: He turns a corner. Jason is oblivious to the very soft muffled
text: sounds of explosions, traces of the demolition going on outside.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: But Captain... The negotiation... You...
dialog: You... You fired on him!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Right. Long live... What’s your planet?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Theramin.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Long live Theramin! Take a left here?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: What if Sarris survives?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Oh, I don’t think. so. I gave him both barrels.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: He has a very powerful ship. Perhaps you would
dialog: like to... Wait to see the results of...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I would but I am REALLY running late and the
dialog: 134’s a parking lot after 2:00. But listen,
dialog: the guy gives you any more trouble, just give a
dialog: ca. see
text: Betzalar produces a walkie talkie device for Jason.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
text: An interstellar vox.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Thanks.
text: Betzalar looks him in the eye. A TEAR starts down his cheek. He
text: HUGS Jason, then shakes his hand sincerely.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: How can we thank you, Captain. You- You have
dialog: saved our people.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It was a lot of fun. You kids are great.
text: The others shake his hand, thanking him as they enter the...
speaker_heading: DOCKING BAY
text: A room with a very high circular ceiling. In the middle of the
text: room are a number of red lighted disks about the size of manhole
text: covers. The aliens thank Jason, leading him onto the disk. Then
text: they depart, everybody waving their good-byes.
text: Jason realizes he’s left all alone in this strange room with no
text: visible doors.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wait. Where’s the car?
text: Suddenly a CLEAR CYLINDER rises from the circumference of the disk
text: and deforms around him, ENCASING HIM IN A BULLET SHAPED CONTAINER.
text: It’s as if he’s sealed in a lucite paperweight. There is only an
dialog: instant to register surprise as...
text: The ceiling divides, opening like an iris. The ROAR of escaping
text: oxygen, and an AWE INDUCING ROTATING STARFIELD is revealed in the
text: expanding circle... The WALLS pull back around him. And Jason
text: suddenly finds himself surrounded by
text: THE INFINITE VASTNESS OF SPACE.
text: And before he can fully register the HORROR of his situation,
text: Jason in his pod is ROCKETED FORWARD INTO SPACE.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: He HURTLES FORWARD, the acceleration impossible, faster and
text: faster... It's the entire 30 minute ending of 2001 in 10 seconds.
text: Overwhelming. A rollercoaster at light speed. The universe bends
text: and snaps like a rubber band. Planets scatter in front of us like
text: bowling pins and he quickly finds himself heading toward a PULSAR,
text: an undulating BLACK HOLE... Toward the mass so dense it even
text: absorbs light and time... And on impact the screen is filled with
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: We pull back slowly from the iris of Jason's eye. He is now
text: standing on the black disk in the middle of his own back yard. He
text: stands there in shock, SHIVERING IN WAVES AND WAVES from the
text: incomprehension of what he’s just experienced, unable to move from
dialog: the spot.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BRANDON’S GARAGE - TARZANA - DUSK
text: Crickets chirp. Inside the open garage of a suburban house sits
text: BRANDON and his friends in their uniforms, surrounded by a
text: homemade space ship interior constructed of painted cardboard
text: boxes and Christmas lights. Brandon and his friends look very
dialog: disappointed... The Captain never showed.
scene_heading: FADE OUT AND IN:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPUTER STORE PARKING LOT ~- MORNING
text: Gwen, Alexander, Tommy, Dusty and Guy are in their GALAXY QUEST
text: uniforms, performing a lame routine for the computer store’s grand
text: opening. A small crowd is gathered, including Brandon and his
text: gang, inspecting a mock up of the PROTECTOR.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Take it from us... We’ve been all over the
dialog: universe...
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: But we've never seen the space age values we've
dialog: seen here at...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: TechCo electronics superstore!
text: Alexander pauses, deeply ashamed. Gwen nudges him.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (mumbles)
text: By Grabthar‘s hammer, what a savings.
text: A few balloons are released into the air.
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: STORE ENTRANCE - LATER
text: The actors hand out pamphlets and sign the occasional autograph.
text: Dusty pats Alexander's back, who stares ahead, morose. They look
text: up to see JASON approaching. His demeanor a good deal more intense
text: and less cavalier than usual.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Do you know what time it is? Why did you even
dialog: pother to show up?
text: Jason opens his mouth, but he’s got so much to say he can’t get
text: out a word. Gwen notices his wrinkled slept-in clothing, and wild
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason... Are you all right?
text: Jason moves his lips a little more, then, unable to express
text: himself otherwise, POINTS to the sky, grasping for words.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Iwas there. (a beat) Up. There.
text: The acters exchange glances as Jason sits and leans in
text: conspiratorially. His voice is quiet but intense.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: They came to the convention. I thought they
dialog: were fans, but they're not. They’re from...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Up there?
text: Jason nods vigorously.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: They took me up to their ship. What they
dialog: puilt... It’s incredible! I fought this man,
dialog: this... THING... called Sarris. I kicked his
dialog: ASS... They have these... pods. One took me
text: THROUGH a black hole. The pod generator is
dialog: SITTING in my back yard!...
text: He smiles crazily. He senses their disbelief.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I know. I know what you're thinking. I'd think
dialog: so too. But I can prove it. Look!
text: He searches his pockets frantically and produces the interstellar
text: vox. The thing blinks its little red light. He motions victorious.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: See? Huh!
text: The others exchange glances, then produce their own interstellar
text: voxes, placing them on the table. They blink just like his.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ...Yes, but have you been talking to people in
dialog: outer space all morning on them? I have!
text: Gwen turns to Alexander.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I don’t know. My therapist only does light
dialog: neurosis.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I have a good Freudian I see sometimes...
text: As the others chime in with suggestions Jason picks up his VOX and
text: pushes a button. A VOICE EMITS FROM THE VOX.
speaker_heading: VOX VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Yes Captain. Your orders?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Stand by.
text: The others stare at the vox, silenced. Re has their attention.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m going pack up. I didn’t kill Sarris. He's
dialog: still alive. And upset I’m told. I want you ali
dialog: to come with me. It’s the opportunity of a
dialog: lifetime. The chance to explore the
dialog: infinite... We’ll save an entire civilization.
dialog: You’1] meet them, they’re very nice...
text: Gwen looks at Jason. Be looks so sincere-
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Gwen, you know me. I’m a lot of things, but I’m
dialog: not crazy. I need you to believe me.
text: Gwen looks at his pleading expression. A beat. Then she picks up
text: the vox and hits the switch.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Hi! Anybody up there?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Where is the Captain?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: He’s here. This is Gwen- uh, Lt. Tawny Madison.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes! Yes Lieutenant Madison, Ma‘ am!
text: Gwen raises an eyebrow, flattered by the enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You’ re on the ship? Right now? You have weapons
dialog: and everythisg?
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Then could you just, if it’s not a problem,
dialog: blow something up? Not a planet or anything.
dialog: Just maybe a moon or asteroid? Something small
dialog: so we can see where you are.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: {a long beat)
dialog: Uh... Captain? Captain are you-
text: Jason, smiling at Gwen’s smarts, takes the vox.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: This is the Captain. Go ahead. Do it.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes sir. Right away sir.. Targeting the largest
text: asteroid in the Andromeda chain. Detonation in
dialog: Five seconds. Three.. two...
text: The others look at the sky, starting to get sucked in.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Andromeda Nine has been obliterated.
text: They all look around. Nothing seems to have happened. They all
text: feel silly even for a moment believing something might have.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ..-Right. Okay, thanks.
dialog: (switches off the vox)
text: They're very far away.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason... You need help.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No, I don’t. But they do. I know how this is
dialog: going to sound, but I don’t care; Going up
dialog: there changed me. I know deep down that for
dialog: once in my life, I can do something really good
dialog: and really meaningful - We all can do
dialog: something... amazing!
dialog: (he stands)
dialog: Look, I realize I can’t convince you with
dialog: words. Just come to my house at eight. You’1l
text: see the transport pod. It looks like a manhole
dialog: cover, but wait ‘till you see what happens...
dialog: Then you can do whatever you want, okay?
text: He starts away.
dialog: Jason...
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Eight o’clock. Just trust me. Please trust me,
dialog: just this once.
text: The others exchange distrustful glances.
speaker_heading: PARKING LOT
text: Jason pulls his car keys out of his pocket as he turns a corner
text: and runs smack into the group of NERDS led by Brandon. Brandon and
text: Jason go down, along with an armful of GALAXY QUEST collectables.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Sorry...
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: (at attention)
dialog: Captain!... My apologies.
text: Brandon is nudged by his friend KYLE.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Captain... Evidently we had some
dialog: miscommunication regarding yesterday’s
dialog: scheduled voyage, and-
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Sorry I'm in a real hurry.
text: He gathers his things and quickly walks to his car. The other
text: nerds look at Brandon.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: He dissed us AGAIN, Brandon!
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: (hiding his disappointment)
dialog: He probably... Has some very important business
dialog: to attend to...
dialog: The others want to believe that too.
speaker_heading: OTHERS
dialog: Yeah... I guess so...
text: They shuffle off, despondent.
speaker_heading: JASON’S CAR
text: Jason drives. He reaches into his pocket for his Vox, and hits
text: the “talk” switch.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Protector? Betzalar? Anybody there?
dialog: 28.
dialog: '
text: He taps the vox, then notices a tag on the bottom that reads
text: “PROPERTY OF BRANDON WHEEGER.” He thinks about driving back,
text: checks his watch, then shrugs and drives on.
scene_heading: INT. JASON’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Jason’s GALAXY QUEST uniform hangs neatly on a hanger. Jason
text: looks at it for a moment, then pulls it out of his closet. Ina
text: series of SHOTS Jason buttons the shirt, fastens the belt, pulls
text: on the boots, attaches the Captain’s stripes...
text: He looks at himself in the mirror for the moment. Picks a piece of
text: lint from his shirt. He turns and looks at the clock. It's 8:30.
text: His friends haven't shown. A tinge of disappointment in his face.
text: He moves to the sliding glass doors and looks out to his
dialog: backyard...
text: The glowing TRANSPORT POD DISK still sits in the middle of the
text: lawn. Jason’s eyes GLISTEN. He opens the door and moves FORWARD...
scene_heading: INT. GWEN'S HOUSE/ALEXANDER’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Gwen paces in her kitchen, cooking dinner. She’s on the phone with
text: ALEXANDER. (INTERCUT WITH ALEXANDER at his apartment. He’s still
text: in makeup, eating a sandwich.)
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: God, I don’t know, Alex. I should have gone
text: over. He practically begged. I feel lousy.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Don’t. He’s not crazy. It’s just a desperate
dialog: bid for attention.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Did you see the look in his eyes? He looked, I
dialog: don’t know... Like he was a kid again.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER -
dialog: That’s what he is, a big kid. Let me tell you
dialog: something, Gwen, he needs to grow up.... And
dialog: I’ll tell you something else...
text: _..AS Alexander continues to rant on about Jason, Gwen’s attention
text: is drawn to the TELEVISION.
speaker_heading: ON THE TV
text: A STARFIELD IMAGE... The TV SCIENCE REPORTER circles a brightly
text: colored area of light on the image. A NASA ANIMATION shows an
text: asteroid exploding and disappearing.
speaker_heading: SCIENCE REPORTER
dialog: ...scientists are at a loss to explain this
dialog: explosion in space but as these Hubble
dialog: photographs show, it was spectacular...
dialog: : 29.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: (intense)
dialog: Channel four.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Turn_on Channel four.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: .--The asteroid, largest in a chain called
text: Andromeda Nine, was completely vaporized in an
dialog: explosion so bright it could even be viewed by
text: the naked eye this evening, yet distant enough
dialog: that it took an estimated four hours for the
dialog: light from the phenomenon to reach the earth...
text: Gwen watches, jaw dropped to the floor.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: There's a logical explanation.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: It’s true... It happened, it really... Wait,
dialog: that was me! I blew up an asteroid, Alex!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Now Gwen, get ahold of yourself... This sort of
dialog: thing happens every day... Supernovas,
dialog: planetary anomalies...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: He said the NAME. Andromeda Nine! How many
dialog: Andromeda Nines get blown up every-
text: Then suddenly something that looks like a METEOR plunges out of
text: the sky and lands in Gwen’s back yard. It happened so fast that
text: she barely registered it. But sitting on her patio is a glowing
text: DISK, like the one at Jason’s house.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Gwen?... Gwen?...
text: Hypnotized, Gwen walks toward the door and goes into her...
speaker_heading: BACKYARD
text: She moves toward the POD GENERATOR. It GLOWS more brightly as she
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (cont’d)
dialog: Three’s a logical explanation, Gwen...
scene_heading: ALEXANDER’S APARTMENT
text: Alexander sees an identical streak in the sky, and a glowing POD
text: DISK appears right on his BALCONY.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What the hell?-
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You have one too. You do, don’t you?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I... I... What is it? Where did it come from?..
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: He sent them down for us... What did he call
dialog: it? A pod transport?...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh Gwen, you can’t be serious. Now-
text: Unable to resist, she takes a step forward onto the disk... We see
text: A BLINDING FLASH OF LIGHT. HER PHONE falls to the ground.
scene_heading: ALEXANDER’S APARTMENT
text: Alexander stands next to the pod on his balcony...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Gwen? GWEN? Oh, I see. Just like the old days.
dialog: You and Jason pulling pranks on the humorless
dialog: Brit.
text: Alexander looks at the GLOWING, BECKONING disk...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (cont’d)
dialog: I suppose you have your camcorder hidden
dialog: somewhere. Fine, where is it? I‘ll play it to
dialog: camera...
text: He takes a step toward the disk.
scene_heading: EXT. ALEX'S DRIVEWAY
text: TOMMY and GUY walk up to the front door calling for Alex.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Alex? Are you here? We were over at Marlo’s
dialog: and on TV we saw... Alex, where are you?
text: They open the door just as... IN THE BACKGROUND ON THE BALCONY
text: ALEXANDER STEPS ONTO THE DISK and in a flash, the transparent POD
text: forms around him sealing him in and EXPLODES AWAY at light speed.
text: Tommy and Guy close the door, completely unaware.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Alex? You here? Alex?..
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What the hell is THAT thing?
text: The POD GENERATOR glows on the patio...
scene_heading: INT. DUSTY’S APARTMENT
text: Pan up from BARE LEGS dripping WATER on the carpet to Dusty Kwan
text: in a bathrobe straight from the shower. He gazes curiously at the
text: GLOWING DISK sitting in the middle of his living room.... And
text: then looks up to see layers of perfectly round holes burned
text: through five levels of his apartment building through to the
text: sky... He scratches his chin, thoughtfully, in his calm
text: unflappable way.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. USEA PROTECTOR DOCKING STATION POD BAY- DEEP SPACE
text: We PAN from a blinking panel in a grey room of the spaceship...
text: The room LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY with a flash. Then ANOTHER FLASH... We
dialog: continue PANNING to find...
text: GWEN, ALEXANDER AND GUY STANDING ON THE SHIP'S POD PLATFORM, newly
text: arrived from their horrifying journey from Earth. They stand
text: paralyzed, shivering, white as ghosts.
text: Suddenly a streak of light appears through a hatch in the ceiling
text: and a POD arrives right next to them, opening up to reveal TOMMY.
text: He stands, horrified and teeth chattering like the rest. They look
text: like a bunch of horrified bowling pins all facing toward...
speaker_heading: A METAL HATCH
text: Beyond it they register the SOUND of WET FOOTSTEPS growing
text: closer... Their eyes widen as they see the far door open revealing
text: a group of S HORRIBLE TENTACLED ALIEN MONSTERS! The monsters come
text: toward them, the sound from their drooling mouths a horrible
text: SCREAMING CACOPHONY. They surround our terrified visitors,
text: tinkering with devices around them, their tentacles flying
text: everywhere. Then one of the monsters looks down at a mechanism on
text: his belt and turns to the other monsters sheepishly.
speaker_heading: MONSTER #1
dialog: Oops. Crewmen, your skins! Activate your E-
dialog: skins!
text: The monsters all flip switches on their belts their forms become
text: HUMAN, uniformed as ship's TECHNICIANS.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #1
dialog: Our most sincere apologies! We forgot about our
dialog: appearance generators.
text: Then JASON appears in the doorway, a big warm smile on his face.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Guys! You CAME!...
text: They stand there, still paralyzed and terrified.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay, who wants the grand tour?
text: Guy is now relaxed enough to let out the loudest most genuine
dialog: SCREAM you’ve ever heard in your life. A beat.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay, Guy... Anybody else?
text: Then another streak of light, and Dusty appears alongside the
text: others in his bathrobe. As his pod retracts into the floor, he
text: steps off of the disk, unaffected, and walks past the others.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Now that was a hell of a thing.
dialog: (to Jason, motioning to others)
dialog: What's wrong with them?
text: Jason smiles. Nothing gets to Dusty.
scene_heading: INT. PROTECTOR DOCKING STRUCTURE - HALLWAY
text: Jason leads Gwen, Alexander, Tommy, Guy and Dusty down the hall.
text: They shuffle forward like recent hospital releasees, looking
text: around silent and dumbfounded at their surroundings (everyone but
text: Dusty, who takes everything in stride.) They shake their limbs a
text: little as they walk.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That's right... Just keep shaking it out...
dialog: Weird feeling going through that black hole,
dialog: isn’t it? Like somebody turned you inside out
dialog: set the blender on puree and poured you into a
dialog: wall socket, am I right?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Wh... Where are we?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Twenty third quadrant of gamma sector. Don’t
dialog: ask me. I can show you on a map.
text: Then BETZALAR appears coming down the hall with a small group of
text: ALIENS. He has a warm smile on his face.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Welcome my friends! I am Betzalar. On behalf
dialog: of my people I wish to thank you from the
dialog: deepest place in our hearts.
text: Re reaches out to shake their hands, one at a time, with nods of
dialog: deep respect.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Dr. Lazarus... Lt. Madison. Tech Sgt. Chen...
dialog: Lt. Laredo...
text: He looks at Guy quizzically, not sure who he is.
dialog: Guy
dialog: “Crewman #6”... Call me Guy.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You... know us?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: (soft laugh)
dialog: I don’t believe there is a man, woman or child
dialog: on my planet who does not. In the years since
dialog: we first received your ship’s historical
dialog: documents, we have studied, discussed and
dialog: debated every facet of your missions,
dialog: technologies and strategies.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Historical documents?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Yes. Eighteen years ago we received
dialog: transmission of the first. It continued for
text: four years, and then stopped, as mysteriously
dialog: as it came...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You've been watching the sho-
dialog: (he’s nudged by Jason)
dialog: the historical records... out HERE?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Yes, I am ashamed to say, but in the last
dialog: hundred years our society had fallen into
dialog: disarray. Our goals, our values had become
dialog: scattered. But since the transmission we have
dialog: modeled many aspects of our society from your
dialog: example, and it has saved us. Your courage,
dialog: teamwork, optimism and resourcefulness. In
dialog: fact, all you see around you now, comes from
dialog: the lessons laid out in the historical
dialog: documents.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: THAT'S why you built this ship?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: It’s... incredible.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Oh this? No, this isn’t the ship. This is only
text: the star port for the ship.
dialog: - {a twinkle in his eye)
dialog: You want to see the ship?
text: He leads them to a large square window, blocked by an opaque
text: shield, and pushes a button. Slowly with a RUMBLE the shield
dialog: slides aside way revealing...
text: A MAGNIFICENT AND BREATHTAKING VIEW OF THE ENORMOUS SHIP, THE USEA
text: PROTECTOR DOCKED IN FRONT OF THEM...
text: They all gawk at the amazing sight, their eyes wide like children.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It’s real. Oh my god, it’s real.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: All this from watching the.. historical
dialog: records?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Yes, and from your supplementary technical
dialog: documents, of course...
text: He motions to another alien who withdraws a number of brightly
text: colored BOOKS and BOXES from a backpack, and passes them around.
text: The actors look through the materials... They are various FAN
text: BOOKS and ENTERTAINMENT SOFTWARE bearing such titles as “THE
scene_heading: OFFICIAL GALAXY QUEST BLUEPRINTS: USEA PROTECTOR” and “VIRTUAL
text: GALAXY QUEST: THE CDROM EXPERIENCE.” The actors exchange glances
dialog: and then...
text: ..-Tommy begins to giggle.
text: Alex looks at him, at the fan stuff, then out at the ENORMOUS
text: SHIP, and he begins to laugh too... The others join in... Gwen...
text: Guy... Laughing like maniacs, hysterical, disbelieving laughter,
text: the GIANT SHIP hanging outside in infinite space in the
text: background. The aliens join in too, out of joyfulness, and Jason
text: stands there smiling, a proud papa, as the laughter ECHOES through
dialog: the cosmos.
scene_heading: INT. DOCK TRANSPORT TUBE - LATER
text: A CLEAR TRANSPORT tube runs from the docking structure to the
text: ship. Inside everyone can get a good look at the space panorama
text: as they approach the ship. The view is breathtaking.
dialog: Guy
dialog: So you people don’t actually... Look the way
dialog: you look... Right?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: No. This device on our belts simulates an
dialog: appearance more familiar to you, as well as
dialog: translating our language to yours. We have
dialog: found from earlier visits to Earth, that our
dialog: true appearance can be... distracting.
text: The actors wave this off... “No, you look great... Fabulous...”
text: One of the aliens, NEX, motions out the window to Tommy.
speaker_heading: NEX
dialog: Lt. Laredo. It may interest you to see that we
dialog: have mounted an additional Proton Afterburner
dialog: over the aft proton vent. We felt it improved
dialog: navigational stability. We hope it doesn’t
dialog: offend.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Well, I’1l have to try it out before I can
dialog: comment.
speaker_heading: NEX
dialog: We look forward to it. Your skills are
dialog: legendary.
text: The others turn to stare at Tommy. He just shrugs as the vehicle
text: comes to a stop, locking at the ship’s hatch.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP - CORRIDOR
text: The group walks down the corridor, peeking into various rooms,
text: more amazed every second.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That’s the medical quarters to the left...
dialog: Weapons storage... Maintenance facility...
text: As they pass each room, the CREWMEMBERS inside salute.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: The main barracks...
text: TWO HUNDRED crewmen rise to attention. Jason salutes back.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: At ease men.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: (looks at Jason, shakes her head)
dialog: Like throwing gasoline on a fire...
scene_heading: INT. GENERATOR ROOM
text: The group enters. The centerpiece to the room is a large
text: pulsating ORB. When the orb dims, we see its surface has a rocky
text: texture, like a large boulder. Many CREWMEN scurry about tending
text: to the surrounding measurement devices.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: The generator room.... Our Carbonite Sphere, of
dialog: course... I hope, Tech Sergeant Chen, that this
dialog: meets with your approval.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Fine... Very nice and... tidy.
text: Three YOUNGER CREWMEN approach and whisper to Betzalar. They argue
text: a bit, then Betzalar reticently approaches Dusty.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: I am sorry to ask this of you so shortly after
dialog: your arrival. But members of our reactor staff
dialog: have a question they find most pressing.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Well certainly... What is it, son?
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: Sir, we have had unexplained proton surges in
dialog: our delta core. They cannot be verified on the
text: sub frequency spectrum, but they appear on the
text: valence detector when scanning the Carbonite
dialog: Sphere. We are unable to resolve this problem
dialog: and were hoping you would be able to advise us.
text: Everyone turns to Dusty who takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Uh huh... I see... Well, that’s a puzzler isn’t
dialog: it?... A textbook puzzler...
text: The others watch, wondering what he’ll say. Then Dusty turns to
text: one of the Techs with an air of authority.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: ++. You.
speaker_heading: NERVOUS TECH
dialog: Yes sir?
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: (testy)
dialog: I haven’t got all day. What might account for
dialog: this phenomenon?
speaker_heading: NERVOUS TECH
dialog: Perhaps... The valence bonds have shifted?
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Yes... And therefore?...
speaker_heading: NERVOUS TECH
dialog: Therefore the bonding molecules have become
dialog: covalent?
speaker_heading: DUSTY 7
dialog: And if this were the case, how would you remedy
dialog: it?...
speaker_heading: NERVOUS TECH
dialog: (smiling, figuring it out)
dialog: Introduce a bonding substrate! A two molecule
text: compound sharing a free electron apiece and
text: bombard the ions with their reflective
dialog: isotopes!
text: Dusty smiles, giving him a wink.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Now you’ve got it.
text: The other TECHS grin, astonished.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: Of course! It’s so obvious!
dialog: 37,
speaker_heading: TECH #2
dialog: Sergeant Chen, you're... amazing!
text: Dusty waves off the praise modestly. Betzalar shoots a look to Nex
dialog: as if to say “we're in good hands here.”
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Now I suggest that you go to your cabins and
dialog: rest before we take the ship out of dock.
text: He claps his hands and a group of aliens arrive to meet them.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: These crewmen will escort you to quarters.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Alex's young escort, QUELLEK, leads him down the hall.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: Dr. Lazarus... I hope that I’m not breaching
dialog: protocol but.. I am so very humbled to stand in
dialog: your presence... I have studied your missions
dialog: extensively... Though I am Thermian, I have
dialog: lived my life by your philosophy, by the code
dialog: of the Mak’tar.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well good, that’s very... nice.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: By Grabthar’s Hammer, Dr. Lazarus, I-
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Don’t do that. I’m not kidding.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: (bewildered) -
dialog: I‘m sorry, sir, I was only-
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Just don’t.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: +-..Yes sir.
dialog: (they come to a stop)
dialog: Your quarters sir.
scene_heading: INT. ALEX’S QUARTERS
text: Quellek opens the door and they enter. The room is a grey square
text: completely barren.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This is it?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: Yes sir. Marvelous, isn’t it? Completely
dialog: distractionless.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Where's my bed?
text: Quellek pushes a button and FIVE LARGE SPIKES rise from the floor.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: Just as on your home planet, sir. If I may
dialog: say, it took me three years to master the
dialog: spikes, but now I sleep with a peace I never
dialog: thought possible...
text: Alexander points to a door.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Is that the bathroom?
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: Yes sir...
dialog: (Alex moves to the door)
dialog: The use of your waste facilities were strangely
dialog: absent from the historical records, so we had
dialog: to extrapolate purely on the basis of your
dialog: anatomy.
scene_heading: INT. ALEX’S BATHROOM
text: They enter. Alex looks down at a thing that looks more like a
text: torture device than a toilet, with elaborate tubes and stirrups
text: and plugs going everywhere.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: You're quite complicated, sir.
text: Alex stares at the thing, despairingly.
scene_heading: INT. TOMMY’S QUARTERS
text: Tommy’s escort SED hands over various weapons to grinning Tommy.
speaker_heading: SED
dialog: Here is your ion shield. Your vox. Your
dialog: molecular disrupter... We know you prefer a
dialog: sensitive trigger. If there is anything else
dialog: you require?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Uh, no, I’m good. Thanks.
dialog: (Sed starts to exit)
dialog: Oh wait. Here you go.
text: Tommy stuffs a couple of bucks into Sed’s hand. Sed looks at the
text: tip, perplexed, and exits.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. GWEN’S CABIN
text: An exotic and beautiful room. Gwen is changing into her GALAXY
text: QUEST uniform. There’s a knock on the door.
speaker_heading: JASON (0.S.)
dialog: It's Jason...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: One minute, I’m -
dialog: (he enters)
dialog: Hey, I’m dressing!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Oh come on, it’s not like I haven’t-
text: She glares. He turns his back while she finishes dressing.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Okay.
text: She turns. They just look at each other for a moment. Gwen breaks
text: out into a smile, trying to find the words.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah, I know.
speaker_heading: - GWEN
dialog: , I just can’t believe it. Any of it! Look at
dialog: on this room!.. They designed it based on the
dialog: Tauran Pleasure ship from “historical document”
dialog: thirty seven.
dialog: (looks at a mirror)
dialog: Oh and wait, wait, listen to this!
dialog: (Looks up)
dialog: Computer?
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: “Yes?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: What's the weather like outside?
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
text: There is no weather in space.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I never get tired of that joke.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Let me try. Computer? (no response)
dialog: Computer?...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Only answers to me.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That‘s ridiculous. I’m the Captain.
dialog: Jason
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: On the show I talk to the computer and repeat
dialog: what it says. So that’s what they built.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Computer? COMPUTER?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Computer?
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: {singsong, teasing Jason)
dialog: I can talk to the compuuuuter and youuuu
dialog: Caaaan’t...
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: So when are you going to tell them? The aliens.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Tell them? About...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Who we are. Don’t you think they’re going to be
speaker_heading: PISSED?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m net going to tell them.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Well you have to tell them. What if something
dialog: happens? Something dangerous.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Then we'll take care of it.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: “We'll take care of it.” Listen to you. We’re
dialog: actors. We’re not astronauts, we’re not
dialog: adventurers... We pretend. We didn’t even write
dialog: the scripts!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Look, these people are depending on us. They’ve
dialog: structured their whole lives based on the show.
dialog: I’m not going to be the one to bring their
dialog: entire civilization crashing down just because
dialog: of a little thing called the truth.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You want to play space man.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: They have a problem. We can help them.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Are you nuts? We can’t do this stuff!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s not the STUFF. The STUFF isn’t the
dialog: thing... I mean, anybody can learn the STUFF...
dialog: The important thing is COMMITMENT. 99% of
dialog: anything is just committing to it.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: 99% of ACTING is commitment. ACTING. Stella
dialog: Adler never manned a neutron cannon, she taught
dialog: ACTING...
speaker_heading: FASON
dialog: Secretly you agree with me.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Secretly you know things about me is so smug I
dialog: just wane to smack you right in your smug
dialog: little-
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Do we have to always fight on the spaceship?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Computer do we always have to fight on the
dialog: spaceship?
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: This is not required.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Well.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Well.
text: They smile at each other. Gwen looks around, giddy.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: We're in space.
text: A CREWMAN appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CREWMAN
dialog: Sir, Betzalar requests your presence on the
dialog: command deck.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Jason and Gwen turn a corner and join up with Tommy, Alexander and
text: Guy. They keep walking toward the command deck.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I think we’re going to exit the space port.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: That should be something to see...
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
text: They enter and gawk at the familiar hub, waiting for the show to
text: start... not realizing they ARE the show.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: If you would all take your positions, we can
text: exit the space port.
speaker_heading: THE ACTORS
dialog: Oh, right... US! Yes, of course... US!
text: They take their positions, marveling at the familiar control
text: panels in front of them. Tommy turns to Guy.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Look.. This thingy... I remember I had it all
dialog: worked out... This was forward, this was
dialog: back...
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Captain, some of the crew has requested to be
dialog: present at this historic event.
text: Betzalar motions and a few CREWMEN enter, followed by a dozen
text: more... followed by FIFTY more. They stand around the periphery
text: of the room, watching eagerly.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: {whispers to Guy)
dialog: No pressure, huh? Glad I’m not the Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Okay, Laredo, take her out.
text: Everyone in the room turns their attention to Tommy. His
text: Sarcastic smile drops. He looks mortified.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: They designed the ship from watching you.
dialog: So... Take her out, Lieutenant...
text: Tommy stares down at his control panel. It’s pretty self
text: explanatory, a throttle and a circular dial for direction. But
dialog: daunting nonetheless,
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Right. Okay, yeah, sure.
text: Everyone’s eyes are glued to him as he moves the throttle forward
text: slightly. The ENGINES COME TO LIFE, a massive exhilarating sound.
text: Tommy giggles nervously.
dialog: 43.
text: His hand trembles as he pushes the throttle further. The ship
text: start to move. Gwen and the others exchange worried glances.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Oh god. Oh my god....
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP
text: You can feel the WEIGHT of the giant craft as it eases forward,
text: sliding through the sides of the dock.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
text: Everyone watches the forward monitor. Tommy turns the NAVIGATION
text: DIAL slowly. Guy whispers to him...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: More to the left... Stay parallel...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, YOU want to drive?
scene_heading: EXT. STAR DOCK
text: Indeed, the ship is slightly off course... It’s like trying to get
text: out of a tight parking space with concrete walls to either side.
text: And the ship is veering ever so slightly into one of the walls.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
text: Tommy turns the dial to correct... But it looks like the momentum
text: might carry the ship into the wall anyway... Tommy PEGS the dial
text: to the left... The others hold their breath as the bow of the ship
text: moves closer and closer to the wall... Will it correct in time? It
text: moves a hair’s width next to the wall... Then...
text: It TOUCHES. The sound of a soft but high pitched SCRAAAAAAAAPE.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Oh shit. 7
scene_heading: EXT. STAR DOCK
text: The ship is stopped, just grazing the wall EVER SO SLIGHTLY.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
text: All eyes are on Tommy. He doesn’t know what to do... Should he
dialog: continue forward, or back up, and scrape again for sure? The
text: classic parking lot dilemma, magnified by ten thousand. Tommy
text: grasps the throttle and moves it slightly forward... SCRAAAAAAAPE.
text: He keeps going, in too deep to back out now... And the ship
text: continues to SCRAAAAAPE for a couple of horrible seconds as it
dialog: completes the curve...
text: .-.and then it is free. The beautiful craft glides slowly out to
text: open space... Jason and the others let out a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Very good Lieutenant. Forward Mark two...
dialog: 44,
text: Tommy smiles, relieved. He pushes throttle to the *2”.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Mark two, Captain.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP
text: The ship glides out to space, only a relatively minor scrape of
text: the paint job to show for the incident.
scene_heading: INT. DINING HALL
text: The crew and various aliens sit around the large table, eating an
text: extravagant meal. Betzalar makes a toast.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: To our brave guests. Few in this universe have
dialog: the opportunity to meet their heroes. We are
dialog: blessed to count ourselves among them.
text: Everyone clinks glasses. Quellek clinks glasses with Alexander,
text: brimming with admiration. Tek turns to Tommy.
speaker_heading: TEK
dialog: We are sorry about the instrumentation, Lt.
dialog: Laredo. Obviously there must have been an
dialog: alignment problem in the steerage mechanism.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Yes, well.. As long as it doesn’t happen again.
speaker_heading: TEK
dialog: How are you enjoying your food, Lt. Madison?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Oh it’s fantastic. French is my favorite.
speaker_heading: TEK
dialog: Yes, we programed the food sythesizer for each
dialog: of you based on the regional menu of your
dialog: birthplace.
dialog: (turns to Alexander)
dialog: Are you enjoying your Kep-mok bloodticks Dr.
dialog: Lazarus?
text: Alexander, miserable, toys with a bowl of living insects swimming
text: in a disgustingly vomit-textured broth.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Just like mother used to make.
text: He pushes the bowl away, nauseated.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Tell me, Betzalar, this character we're flying
dialog: to meet... Sarris... What is it he wants
dialog: exactly?
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: For years, Sarris has plundered the resources
dialog: of our planet: Our people, our technologies. We
dialog: built this ship in order to find a new planet
dialog: to settle. One far away from Sarris. We are not
dialog: a people accustomed to confrontation. We are
dialog: scientists. This ship was our salvation.
text: A tick jumps off of Alexander’ spoon back into the soup.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: But Sarris found out about our plans just as we
text: had completed construction of the Protector II.
dialog: He heard about the device... The Omega 13.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: The Omega 13... Why does that sound so
dialog: familiar?...
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: The lest footage. At the convention. The
dialog: mysterious device in our last episo--
dialog: historical document.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What is it? What does it do?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: We don’t know.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: But... You built one, right?
speaker_heading: TEK
dialog: We built... something.. from the blueprints and
dialog: what references we could find on your
dialog: internet... Our computer neural nets made
dialog: educated guesses in areas we were uncertain.
dialog: So there is actually much about the device we
dialog: don’t even understand. We were hoping you
dialog: could enlighten us.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Well, it’s... This was a device we...
text: He looks around for someone to help him. Gwen just shrugs.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ...discovered on an alien planet. We don’t
dialog: know what it does either.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Why don’t you just turn it on, and see what it
dialog: does?
speaker_heading: TEK
text: It has at its core a reactor capable of
dialog: generating unthinkable energy.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: TEK (cont’d) . '
dialog: If we were mistaken in our construction by even
dialog: the slightest calculation, the device would act
text: as a molecular explosive, causing a chain
dialog: reaction that would obliterate all matter in
dialog: the universe.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Right, maybe nix on the turn it on thing then.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Betzalar?... Has Sarris seen the... historical
dialog: records?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: No, Thank God he has not.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Then how did he find out about the device?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Our former Captain was not... Strong.
text: Betzalar looks down, somber.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Former Captain?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: I’m sorry. You deserve to be shown.
text: He nods to a Crewman who pushes a button and a wall panel moves
text: aside to reveal a large viewscreen. An image appears on the
text: screen with a lot of static, and the sound cuts in and out..
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
text: The tape was partially demagnetized as it was
text: smuggled off of Sarris’ ship.
text: But through the static we can make out an image: The former
text: CAPTAIN, im ALIEN form, is strapped to a metal board. Each of his
text: wrists and ankles is secured with mechanical devices and twisted
dialog: in different directions.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Qriginally, one of our own people tried to
dialog: ead...
text: In the IMAGE Sarris stands over the alien with a control panel.
speaker_heading: SARRIS (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Is that all? You have no more to confess to
dialog: me? No? After three days of this you still
dialog: require incentive?
text: Sarris moves switches on the panel. The device pulls at the
text: alien’s limbs, twisting them horribly. Bones crackle.
dialog: a7.
speaker_heading: ALIEN CAPTAIN (ON MONITOR)
dialog: I say again... I have told you all I know! To
dialog: my shame, I have told you everything. You must
dialog: believe me.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: I do believe you.
speaker_heading: ALIEN CAPTAIN
dialog: Then if you have any mercy within you, please,
dialog: let me die.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Oh I shall, I shall... When I grow weary of the
dialog: noises you make, my little plaything, he
dialog: assured, you shall die...
text: Sarris toys with his control panel. Mercifully the screen fuzzes
text: up with static and we can only HEAR the bone chilling SCREAMS...
text: We PAN around the table, past GWEN, ALEXANDER, TOMMY, GUY... Their
text: mouths open in horror as they watch the screen. Camera stops on
text: JASON. He stares, the blood draining from his face.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: The actors walk quickly down the hallway behind Jason, panicked.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: We're leaving, Jason. We’re leaving NOW.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Let me think. I need time to think.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: No, Jason, that’s a wrap! There’s nothing to
dialog: think about!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Listen, I’m not even supposed to BE here. I’m
dialog: just Crewman #6. I’m expendable. I’m the guy in
dialog: the episode who dies to prove that the
dialog: situation is serious! I’m leaving NOW.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay... Okay...
text: Betzalar comes running up, looking distressed.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Captain...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Betzalar, I need you to prepare pods for my
dialog: crew. They’re going to return to Earth.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Us? What about you?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m staying.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason...
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Begging your Captain’s pardon, sir, but we
dialog: cannot launch pods at the moment. Sarris will
dialog: certainly detonate any objects leaving the
dialog: ship.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes sir, he’s here now. Your presence is
text: required on the command deck.
dialog: Everyone reacts, alarmed, and we
dialog: cot TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
text: The actors enter followed by Betzalar. The command deck is empty.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: There’s nobody here.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Betzalar, maybe we should get some of your crew
dialog: up here.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: I thank you for your consideration to our
dialog: pride, but while my people are talented
dialog: scientists our attempts to operate our own
dialog: technologies under simulation have been
dialog: disastrous...
text: He leans over to Gwen's computer station as she sits, and pushes a
dialog: button.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: I have raised Sarris on zeta frequency.
speaker_heading: G
dialog: Great. Thanks.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Still, Betzalar, your crew may nonetheless be
dialog: helpful in certain-
text: But he is interrupted by the sight of SARRIS appearing on the
text: large VIEWSCREEN. Sarris now wears a metal eyepatch, and has a
text: ioeng scar across his cheek.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: We meet again Captain.
text: The crew stares at Sarris. He’s a frightening thing to behold.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes... Hi Sarris... How are you doing?
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Better than my Lieutenant. He failed to
text: activate ships’s neutron armor as quickly as
dialog: I‘d hoped on our last encounter.
text: He brings into view a stake with the impaled head of his former
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Right. Well... Listen, I’m (laughs) I’m sorry
dialog: about that whole... thing.. before. It was kind
dialog: of a misunderstanding. I’m sure we can work
dialog: this out like reasonable people... How’s the
dialog: {motions to his eyepatch)
dialog: ..-that going to heal up? God, I hope so, I
dialog: feel just awful about that.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Deliver the device now or I will destroy your
dialog: ship.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Listen, I‘d like to, but frankly.. I’m not even
dialog: sure where it is, or even...
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: You have ten seconds.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: All right. You got it. You win. I’1l deliver it
dialog: now. Just give me a moment to set it up.
text: Jason motions to Gwen for her to cut the transmission. Gwen nods.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: All right, now nobody panic, I’ve dealt with
dialog: this guy before and believe me, he’s as stupid
text: as he is ugly.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason..
dialog: Jason
dialog: We're going to fire everything we’ve got at
dialog: him, all right?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: JASON...
dialog: Jason
dialog: You just keep pushing those buttons, those
dialog: there, send everything at him, okay?
text: Guy looks at the buttons. They have icons of the armaments on
dialog: them.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: All right. Put me back on with him.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I’m trying to tell you. You ARE on with him.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Perhaps I am not as stupid as I am ugly,
dialog: Captain.
text: Jason turns to Gwen horrified.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I made the CUT THE LINE gesture. You nodded
dialog: okay!
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I thought it was the “We’re dead” gesture! I
dialog: was agreeing! Like I know where the hold button
dialog: is???
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (nervous jovial)
dialog: Listen, Sarris, you can’t blame me for
dialog: trying...
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Of course not...
speaker_heading: GUY
text: Guys... Red thingy moving toward the green
text: thingy. Red thingy moving toward the green
dialog: thingy!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What? 7
text: Guy motions to the radar screen. The red blip is about to impact.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I think we’re the green thingy.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: A present for you, Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Shit. Turn. Gun it! Get out of-
text: The ship is POUNDED BY A TORPEDO BLAST. Now, unlike the “run back
text: and forth” shake-the-camera explosions of the TV show, the result
text: here is jarringly BRUTAL, like side-slamming a Hummer at 70mpg.
text: The entire crew goes FLYING from their positions and into the
text: walls. The lights FLICKER.
text: They exchange glances, for the first time, bona fide FEAR in their
dialog: eyes. This is REAL.
dialog: Sl.
text: Then ANOTHER blast sends them crumpled against walls and ‘ob: ects
text: like rag dolls. The pain is palpable as they try to get back to
dialog: their stations.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We've gotta get out of here!
text: Tommy looks at the sparkling map of lights on his dash.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Anywhere!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Just GO! GO! DAMMIT PUNCH GO!
text: Tommy punches the big red button. They all hold on for dear life
text: as the ship roars forward, across the path of Sarris’ ship.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: They’re turning. They’re COMING.
text: An explosion rocks the ship.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: We are sustaining structural damage.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Guys, we're sustaining structural damage!...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Faster Tommy. Get us out of here.
text: Tommy pushes on the throttle as another explosion impacts.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: It’s as far as it goes.
dialog: Guy
dialog: They're still behind us...
text: Another EXPLOSION.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We should have a turbo. I'm always saying
dialog: “activate turbo thrusters”, right?...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Could be this.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Push it. Hold it down.
text: He pushes the turbo. The ship ROARS forward and begins to VIBRATE.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
text: The enemy is matching velocity.
dialog: $2.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: The enemy is matching velocity.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: We heard it the first time!
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Shit! I’m doing it! I’m repeating the damn
dialog: computer!
text: Suddenly an image of Dusty down in the generator room appears on
text: the side viewscreen. He's taking it all in stride.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Hi guys. Listen, they’re telling me that the
dialog: generators won't take it, the ship’s breaking
dialog: apart and all that. Just FYI.
text: The viewscreen goes black.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: We've got to stop!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We stop we die. Keep holding the thruster down
dialog: Tommy.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You don’t hold a thruster down! It's for quick
dialog: boosts!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Like YOU know?
text: The ship begins to GROAN and CREAK. Then a loud KLAXON goes off.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I remember that sound! That’s a very bad sound!
text: Jason looks forward. In the distance is an amorphous hazy MASS...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Maybe we can lose them in that cloud.
text: They ROAR forward.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I don’t think that’s a cloud...
text: As they approach, the “cloud” reveals itself to actually be
text: thousands upon thousands of SLOWLY ROTATING CUBES.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Betzalar? What is that?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
text: It’s the Tothian mine field left standing from
dialog: the Great War of 12185.
dialog: $3.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Mines? Oh lovely!
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: The ships are gaining...
text: Jason turns to Tommy.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Do your best, Tommy...
text: Tommy grips his controls.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Oh god...
text: THE FIRST MINE HITS, ROCKING THE SHIP... BOOM! Tommy SWERVES to
text: avoid it, running into another mine. Then another. Tommy
dialog: couldn't do worse if he were aiming for them.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Could you possibly try (BOOM!) not to hit
dialog: (BOOM!) every (BOOM!) single (BOOM!) one!
speaker_heading: (BOOM!)
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: They're drifting toward me... I think they’re
dialog: magnetic!...
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP
text: The ship HURTLES FORWARD through the mine field, taking
text: considerable damage as the mines impact. PIECES of the ship fall
dialog: off behind it...
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We're almést through... Come on... Hold...
text: The ship is now VIBRATING HORRIBLY. It GROANS and CREAKS then...
text: RIVETS start to POP! DEADLY PROJECTILES hurtling across the
text: command deck like BULLETS.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: WE HAVE TO STOP!
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: JUST SLOW IT DOWN A LITTLE!
speaker_heading: JASON
text: NO! WE’RE ALMOST THROUGH!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: DON’T BE INSANE, STOP! FULL STOP!
speaker_heading: JASON
text: KEEP GOING! KEEP GOING!
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: WHAT DO I DO? WHAT Do T po?
text: And then suddenly, a horrible METAL GRINDING noise and..... the
text: vibrating stops.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What’s happened?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
text: There’s no power... The engines are dead. We're
dialog: drifting.
text: They exchange horrified glances.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Are they behind us?
text: Gwen checks the radar.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: No, I don’t think so... Wait. They’re not
dialog: but... Something is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh my god.
text: They look out the rear view screen to see... TWO DOZEN MAGNETIC
text: MINES BEARING DOWN ON THEM IN A CLUSTER.
speaker_heading: JASON
speaker_heading: DOWN!
text: They barely have time to brace themselves as the ship is ROCKED by
text: WAVES of explosions. They hit the floor and try to ride it out.
dialog: It’s brutal...
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP
text: The last of the mines explodes and the ship is sent tumbling
text: lifelessly end over end through space. The exterior lights are
text: dark. The once shiny hull now blackened and ragged.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
text: The deck looks dead and empty. Smoke is in the air. The lights are
text: dim. The sirens have stopped. It’s completely silent. The crew
text: slowly emerges from behind panels and equipment, bruised and
text: bloodied. Jason moves to Gwen.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Are you all right?
text: She nods, slowly rising. He turns to Betzalar.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Tommy? Guy?
dialog: 55.
text: They hear a GROAN. Tommy is crumpled against the wall, his arm
text: twisted impossibly. Gwen and Jason move to him. He’s in agony.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: It’s broke... Oh God... Oh God...
text: He winces in pain as Betzalar helps him to his feet.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: I‘ll take him to medical quarters.
text: They exit, limping. Alexander rises, moves past Jason. Blood
text: trickles down his forehead.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (mocking tone)
dialog: “Go into the cloud!...”
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Alex? Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I'm going to try to find a drink.
text: He exits. The others turn to Jason, their faces sooty, their
text: clothing torn and bloody.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP STRATEGY ROOM
text: The crew sits around the room, licking their wounds. Alexander
text: nurses a blue beverage. Tommy examines a high tech metallic cast
text: on his arm. The computer lists off an endless damage report.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: ..-Forward thruster shaft, 87% damage... Left
dialog: vector guards, 96% damage... Level 5 structural
dialog: breaches in quadrants 32, 34, 40, 43, 58...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: And the engines?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Computer, what about our engines? Why don’t we
dialog: have power?
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
text: The Carbonite Sphere has fractured under
text: stress. Damage to carbonite sphere irreparable.
dialog: New source of carbonite must secured.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Oh great. There’s no spare on the ship?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: fe didn’t have one on the show, so they don’t
dialog: ere.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: ---Hell, even my Yugo came with a spare.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (to Jason)
dialog: You broke the ship! You broke the bloody SHIP!
dialog: I told you you don’t hold down a turbo. You
dialog: push it once, maybe twice for a boost but you
dialog: Bon’ t HOLD it.
text: Suddenly the door opens and seven Aliens enter, led by Betzalar.
text: They look VERY SERIOUS. Guy exchanges an “uh oh” glance with
text: Tommy... But the aliens fall to one knee, lowering their heads.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: A thousand apologies. We have failed you.
text: The actors exchanged surprised glances.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You what?.. What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: We have seen you victorious in much more
dialog: desperate situations. The fault must lie with
dialog: us, with the ship, with our engineering...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No, no... It was us, Betzalar. Listen...
dialog: We're... We're... We're not the people you
dialog: think we are.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: I don’t understand...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Betzalar, don’t you have television on your
dialog: planet? Movies? Plays?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: The historical documents of your culture...
dialog: Yes, in fact we have begun to document our own
dialog: history, from your example..
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: No not historical documents... They’re not all
dialog: historical documents... I mean... Surely you
dialog: don’t think Gilligan’s Island is a...
text: Betzalar and the others exchange sad glances...
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Those poor people...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (rolls his eyes)
dialog: Hoo boy...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Your culture doesn’t have any form of Drama?
dialog: Of theater? Make believe?
dialog: s7.
text: Betzalar and the others exchange quizzical looks.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Does no one on your planet behave in a way that
dialog: is contrary to what they are in reality?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: You're speaking of the use of deception? Lies?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Well, sort of, I suppose...
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: We have become aware of these concepts only
dialog: recently. In our dealings with Sarris. Often we
dialog: have found that Sarris will say one thing, and
dialog: do another. Promise us mercy and deliver
dialog: destruction. It perplexed us at first. Our
dialog: people are builders, designers, we work
dialog: together to create, not to destroy. These
dialog: concepts of deception and lies have no worth in
dialog: our society. But with Sarris, yes, we have
dialog: begun to learn their meaning... at some great
dialog: cost. But if you are saying that any of you
dialog: could possibly have traits in common with
dialog: Sarris...
text: He starts to laugh, and the other aliens join in.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: You are our protectors... Our heroes. You will
dialog: save us.
text: Jason opens his mouth, but isn’t sure what to say... Suddenly a
text: VIEWSCREEN lights and we see Dusty on the monitor from down in the
dialog: generator room.
speaker_heading: DUSTY (ON SCREEN}
dialog: Hey Captain. Listen, our detectors have picked -
text: up a source of Carbonite on a nearby planet.
dialog: What do you think about the idea of rigging the
text: aft solar distributors in a parallel matrix and
dialog: configured for negative propulsion? It won't be
dialog: a rocket ride, but it should get us there.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: I... Well, uh... Yes, absolutely!
text: Dusty turns to two young TECHS next to him.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Correct! Gold star for you and a gold star for
dialog: you...
text: He licks and sticks two sticky GOLD STARS on the wrists of two
text: beaming alien TECHS.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP
text: The ship lumbers slowly forward. In the distance we see the
text: swirling globe of a colorful and mysterious PLANET.
scene_heading: INT. SURFACE POD BAY - LATER
text: Jason, Gwen, Tommy and Guy enter the small surface pod. Quellek,
text: Alexander's protege, steps forward, hands Alex a device.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: Dr. Lazarus, here is your surface mapper. I
dialog: have programed it to the coordinates of a
dialog: Carbonite Sphere of sufficient density.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: Good luck on your mission, Sir. By Grabthar’s
dialog: Hammer, by the Suns of Warvan I wish you-
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (holds up a warning finger)
dialog: Uh uh! What did we talk about?
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: Right... Sorry, sir.
scene_heading: INT. SURFACE POD
text: Tommy pilots the craft. Out the window the pod approaches the
text: planet. It’s an amazing sight, a blue sky with red clouds. Three
text: suns hang in the horizon. Guy looks out the window nervously.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I changed my mind. I want to go back.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: After the big fuss you made about not getting
dialog: left behind on the ship?
dialog: Guy
dialog: Yeah, but that’s when I thought maybe I was the
text: crewmember that stays on the ship and something
dialog: is up there and it kills me, but now I’m
dialog: thinking I’m the guy who gets killed by some
dialog: monster five minutes after we land on the
dialog: planet. It makes perfect sense...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Guy, you’re not going to get killed on the
dialog: planet, okay?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Oh, I'm not? I’m not? Then what’s my last name?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Your last name?
dialog: Guy
dialog: Yeah, what is it?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s... I don’t know.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: No. Nobody does. Do you know WHY? Because my
dialog: character isn’t IMPORTANT enough for a last
dialog: name. Because I’m going to DIE five minutes in,
dialog: why bother to come up with a last name for me?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Guy, you HAVE a last name. We just don’t KNOW
dialog: t.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: De I? DOI? For all you know I’m just “CREWMAN
dialog: 6"!
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: Okay, it’s FLEEGMAN! Guy FLEEGMAN! There! Now
dialog: I’m a whole person! I can’t die! FLEEGMAN! THEY
dialog: CAN’T KILL ME NOW, CAN THEY? CAN THEY?
text: Jason slaps him.
dialog: Guy
dialog: See? I’m the hysterical guy who needs to be
dialog: slapped, and then I die!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (looks around with a sigh)
dialog: Are we there yet?
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE POD
text: The pod makes its way toward the surface, and lands softly.
scene_heading: INT. POD
text: Everyone applauds, complimenting Tommy on the landing. Tommy looks
text: away, shamed.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Autopilot.
text: Everyone looks away, disappointed.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANET SURFACE - DAY
text: HARD RAIN beats down on the pod. The five exit the craft and look
text: around. Alexander checks his mapper.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It's this way...
dialog: (they start forward)
dialog: Wait... No... That way.
text: They all turn and head the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You had it upside-down, didn’t you?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You know, with the makeup and everything, I
dialog: actually believed he knew his ass from a gopher
dialog: hole for a second...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Me too!
text: We pull back to see the landscape around them. It’s a marvel, huge
text: crystal formations and gleaming mountains surround them.
scene_heading: EXT. CRYSTAL PLANET - VALLEY - LATER
text: The RAIN pours mercilessly as they move through a valley.
text: Lightning flashes on the horizon. They continue forward.
scene_heading: EXT. CRYSTAL PLANET - INCLINE - LATER
text: They move up a moderate grade as the rain abates. Soft earth
text: squishes under their boots. Guy locks down to see tiny BUDS
text: beginning to peek up through the dirt, growing like time lapse
text: photography. He bends over and reaches out to touch one bud as it
text: opens its petals revealing... rows tiny little TEETH. And suddenly
text: it THRUSTS forward and CHOMPS down on Guy’s finger. Guy YELPS,
text: trying to withdraw his finger, but it’s got a good grip.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: SEE?! I TOLD YOU! FIVE MINUTES!
text: Alexander crushes the plant underfoot, shaking his head. Guy
text: sucks on his bleeding finger as they continue on.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANET - VALLEY PASS
text: They continue up a grade, and CLOUDS pass over the suns in the
text: sky, darkening the horizon.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: More rain?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: More something...
text: Indeed the clouds look peculiar... Like icy crystalline structures
text: floating in the sky. Suddenly there is a crash of THUNDER and it
text: begins to rain solid frozen PROJECTILES...
dialog: 61.
text: Hundreds of STALACTITES falling like knives from the sky. Jason
text: TACKLES Tommy, pushing him aside just as one of the projectiles
text: impacts. It would have cut him in half.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Take cover! There!
text: They all run toward a cliff face dotted with caves and
text: overhangs.... Everyone scatters to the cave closest to them.
scene_heading: INT. CRYSTALLINE CAVE
text: Jason and Gwen enter from outside... The room glows with shiny
dialog: green and pink crystals...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I guess we'll have to wait it out.
text: They sit and watch the frozen rain fall and melt into pools
text: outside for a long moment... Then simultaneously they get the same
text: thought. They turn to each other...
speaker_heading: JASON AND GWEN
dialog: Episode 23. “The Caverns of Delos 5.”
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: “It’s not us, Tawny... It's these caves, they
dialog: have some strange power over us..."
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: “Oh, Captain, I could never reveal my true
dialog: feelings until now...”
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: *Resist it, Tawny... Resist it! It’s just the
dialog: cave talking! Be strong!”
text: She moves over to him melodramatically.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: “Kiss me Captain? Oh, please, kiss me...”
text: They laugh at the dumb dialogue. There's an awkward pause as Jason
text: thinks about really kissing Gwen. But she moves away before it
text: becomes an issue.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We always had fun, didn’t we?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Well they did. I’m not so sure about us...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Oh, come on. We had good times. Remember when
dialog: we mic’d Alex in his trailer? Remember the
dialog: space monkey in Tommy’s locker?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Remember up in the catwalks between lighting
dialog: setups?...
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Sure, on the set we were great. But off the
dialog: set...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We had plenty of good times off the set...
dialog: There was the time I... There was that time
dialog: we... Remember at the beach house we...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Fought.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah. We fought a lot.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: It was me. It was my fault.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: {surprised at the admission)
dialog: Yeah? You never said that.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It's strange, you know..? The way people treat
dialog: you like your character. Even the grips and
dialog: teamsters who should know better...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: (motions to her outfit)
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I know. You couldn’t wait to get out of there
dialog: at wrap... But me, I would have slept in stage
dialog: six if they’d let me. It was the best time of
dialog: my life. The way people looked at me... Like I
dialog: could do anything... I could even get someone
dialog: as amazing as you to think I was special.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You thought it was him I wanted?...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Truthfully... Wasn’t it? Just a little?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Maybe... What girl didn’t want to be with
dialog: Captain Taggart?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But Captain Taggart couldn’t make me laugh.
text: They exchange a long glance.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That sounds like the cave talking.
text: She laughs, proving her own point as they look out the cave
text: entrance... A long beat as they watch the rain...
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I still think we had fun off the set ONCE...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Well let me know if you think of it...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLANET
text: The rain has stopped... The five actors have regrouped, and are
text: trudging up a steep grade as the three suns in the sky boil away
text: the water on the ground.
scene_heading: CARBONITE QUARRY - DUSK
text: They move to a cul-de-sac of large dusty boulders, exhausted and
text: parched. Alexander's device BEEPS as he approaches one five feet
dialog: in diameter.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This is it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I thought it was going to be little.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You never watched the show at all, did you?
text: Suddenly they hear a sound from the darkness, a strange sound,
text: half human, half animal.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: That’s it. That's what’s going to kill me.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Will you shut up.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Let’s get out of here before something kills
dialog: Guy.
text: They surround the boulder and start to push it the way they came.
scene_heading: CRYSTALLINE PASS
text: They push the Carbonite sphere forward as around them they hear
text: more SPOOKY VOICES whispering in an alien tongue. And the sound of
text: rocks shifting; Critters climbing around the surrounding cliffs.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I saw something move.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Me too. Let’s just keep going.
text: They push the Carbonite past a cliff revealing a POOL of
text: glimmering liquid. At the pool are two SMALL BLUE beings that
text: look somewhat like human CHILDREN, drinking. Everyone stares.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: C'mon, let's go...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Look at them. They’re cute. They look like
dialog: children...
text: She waves at one of them. It cocks its head and waves back.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Of course they’re cufe now. But in a second
dialog: they’re going get ugly and mean somehow and
dialog: then when we turn around there’s going to be a
dialog: million more of them...
text: Gwen and Tommy make baby talk sounds to them. They make baby talk
text: sounds back..
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Jesus, didn’t ANY of you guys watch the show?!
text: Gwen smiles. The aliens smile back, imitating her... But it’s a
text: hideous sight: Their lips curl three times wider across their
text: faces than normal and their mouths reveal HUGE SHARP teeth. We
text: then notice that one of them is holding a RAGGED SEVERED LEG, and
text: has blood in his teeth. The actors hear more SKITTERING behind
text: them and turn slowly to see DOZENS of ALIEN DEMON CHILDREN
text: appearing on the ridge.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I am so sick of being right!
text: The demon children begin coming down the hillside in WAVES.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: God I hope they’re just coming for Guy.
speaker_heading: JASON
scene_heading: C’MON. PUSH!
text: They push the Carbonite rock to the ridge as fast as they can.
dialog: It’s all downhill from there, luckily... The bad news is...
text: ..-Below they see the field of CARNIVOROUS FLOWERS now grown to
text: eight feet tall, and there are HUNDREDS of them, all snapping and
text: biting at each other.
text: -.-Jagon turns to see the STAMPEDE of the demonic aliens coming at
text: them like a tidal wave. He makes a decision.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Stay close behind it.
text: He gives the Carbonite boulder a shove and it begins rolling down
text: the hill, faster and faster. The actors follow in its path...
text: Down the hill... straight into the FLOWER FIELD... The now
text: MUSCULAR plants SNAP at them with powerful jaws, but the boulder
text: mows down the ones in their path and they make it through...
dialog: 65.
text: Up ahead the SURFACE POD is in sight. Jason looks back to see the
text: DEMON ALIENS following through the field, some getting carried
text: into the air and eaten by the plants, but by sheer numbers, most
text: getting through and still in pursuit.
text: The group follows the boulder as it comes to rest at the pod. They
text: roll the boulder onto the ramp as the DEMON ALIENS grow closer.
text: But the boulder now blocks the entrance. Gwen helps Guy inside,
text: then squeezes through herself, followed by Tommy. Alexander and
text: Jason both motion each other forward.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Go ahead!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You go first! There’s no time!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh, of course, I forgot! YOU have to be the
dialog: hero... Heaven forbid I get the spotlight once!
dialog: Oh no, Jason Nesmith couldn’t possibly-
text: Jason cold cocks him unconscious and lifts him through, then
text: squeezes through himself as behind him
text: THE DEMON ALIENS DESCEND UPON THE POD
scene_heading: INT. POD
text: Jason is almost through.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Tommy, I’m in, push go now!
text: Tommy pushes the button when suddenly Jason is GRABBED BY THE
text: ANKLE by FIVE PAIRS OF DEMON HANDS and dragged back outside just
text: as the door closes behind him.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Oh my ged! Tommy! Stop the pod! Stop the pod!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I can’t... It’s on autopilot!...
text: As they pod ascends they all move to the window to watch horrified
text: as Jason disappears into the middle of the huge blue mob that
text: surrounds him. Alexander regains consciousness, looks around.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Re knocked me out the sonofabitch. Where is he?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Down there.
text: Alexander joins the others, looks down at the blue mob below.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh right, of course... It’s always about YOU,
dialog: isn’t it?!
text: The view fades to white as we move up into clouds.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANET SURFACE - DAWN
text: One of the SUNS rises on the horizon.
scene_heading: INT. ALIEN SLAUGHTERHOUSE
text: Jason is tied to a slab, his shirt off. Around the room are hooks
text: from which hang various severed parts of a variety of strange
text: alien BODIES. He is surrounded by five of the DEMONS. One of them
text: brings forth a long carving knife.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wait. Just wait. You speak English?... Habla
dialog: Espanol? Parle-
text: Without hesitation, the alien SLICES a thin slice of “meat” from
text: Jason’s shoulder, and eats it from a fork.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: AGH! JESUS! What the hell are you DOING?
text: The demons confer in a strange SUBTITLED language.
speaker_heading: DEMON #1
dialog: It is suitable.
speaker_heading: DEMON #2
dialog: I will try.
text: He slices off another bit of meat and chews. Jason yells.
speaker_heading: JASON .
dialog: OWWWW! STOP! NO MORE! Not one more bite, do
dialog: you understand? Do not eat ONE MORE BITE OF-
dialog: AAAAGH! SHIT!
text: Suddenly we hear a RUMBLING from outside, like a volcano, and
text: another alien runs in.
speaker_heading: DEMON #3
text: The hill of fire.
speaker_heading: DEMON #1
text: Gorignak is displeased.
speaker_heading: DEMON #2
dialog: It has been too long since an offering.
text: They look down at Jason. He looks back, wary.
speaker_heading: DEMON #1
dialog: Yes. Unfortunate. It is flavorful.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: DEMON 2
dialog: What do you suppose it is?
speaker_heading: DEMON #1
dialog: {momentarily introspective)
dialog: I don’t know. Strange, it looks like a child.
speaker_heading: DEMON #3
dialog: What should I do?
speaker_heading: DEMON #1
text: Hit it with a rock,
text: Demon three lifts a rock and Jason doesn’t have time to object
text: before everything goes BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP POD BAY
text: The pod door opens and Gwen, Alexander and the others exit, out of
text: breath. They’re greeted by Dusty and three of his Generator Room
dialog: Techs.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: We got the Carbonite, but the Captain’s down
dialog: there with a bunch of cannibals!
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: We have to go back down in the pod then...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: There’s no time. What about that dohicky...
dialog: That transports us back and forth? It’s your
dialog: thing, Dusty, you know... “Molecularize me in,
dialog: Sergeant Chen..." Do we have one of those?
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: The molecular conveyor...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Of course, we could just zap him up with the
dialog: molecular conveyor! Teb?...
speaker_heading: TEB
dialog: Yes, we did build a conveyor, of course...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: What are we waiting for? You guys get the
dialog: Carbonite Sphere up and running, okay? Teb,
dialog: take us to the conveyor station.
text: They exit running. Dusty looks a little unsure...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Gwen, Alexander, Dusty, Tommy, Guy and the technician Teb run down
text: the hallway. Buffing, Alexander turns to Gwen.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You said “the Captain.”
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Back there. You said “the Captain” is down
text: there with a bunch of cannibals.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: No I didn’t.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I heard it too.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Is this really the most important thing we
dialog: could be talking about right now?
scene_heading: EXT. PLANET SURFACE - ROCKY TRENCH/EXHIBIT AREA
text: Jason opens his eyes to find himself outside in a rocky landscape.
text: He hears the sound of strange chattering and looks up to see a
text: large group of DEMONS watching him through a window set in the
text: rock wall high above. The entire effect is that of a zoo exhibit;
text: a rock valley with high walls, and a number of viewing areas.
text: Above, the aliens chant a single word over and over...
speaker_heading: DEMONS
dialog: Gorignak... Gorignak...
text: Next to the Jason lies a wooden spear. Jason hears scratching
text: footsteps approaching around a corner. He rises quickly and grabs
text: his spear. The animal appears.. It looks about the size of a pot
text: bellied pig, but somewhat reptilian.
speaker_heading: DEMONS
dialog: Gorignak... Gorignak...
text: Jason moves slowly toward the animal. It SNORTS at him, holding
text: its territory, Suddenly we hear Gwen’s voice. -
speaker_heading: GWEN (0.S.)
dialog: Jason.. Can you hear me?
text: Jason pulls the vox from his belt.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes. Yes, I’m here!
scene_heading: INT. SHIP - MOLECULAR CONVEYER ROOM
text: Gwen, Alexander and the others watch Jason on a viewscreen.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Thank God. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah.. They want me to fight this thing,
dialog: Gorignak... I think I can take it though...
dialog: 69,
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason, we're going to use the molecular
dialog: conveyer to get you out of there.
text: Jason pokes at the pig-lizard. It HISSES at him petulantly.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: The molecular conveyer? Wait, that’s the thing
text: that pulls me apart into a zillion pieces zaps
dialog: me up there, and reassembles me, right?
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’1l take my chances with Gorignak.
text: The pig lizard NIPS at Jason, getting a bite. Jason stabs back.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason, we’ve got to get you out of there...
dialog: It's perfectly safe, isn’t it, Teb?
speaker_heading: TEB
dialog: It has never been successfully tested.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What? What did he say?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Nothing. Hold please.
text: She switches off the vox, they turn to Teb.
speaker_heading: TEB
dialog: Theoretically the mechanism is fully
dialog: operational. However, it was built to
dialog: accommodate your anatomy, not ours. Our actual
text: hands are six fingered and jointed at ninety
dialog: degrees to yours. We are unable to operate the
text: device with the required dexterity. But now
dialog: that Sergeant Chen is here he can operate it...
dialog: It was designed watching his motions from the
dialog: historical records.
text: Everyone turns to Dusty. For the first time, he looks a little
text: apprehensive. He laughs nervously.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Well I mean I can’t... I can supervise of
dialog: course, but...
text: Alexander turns the vox back on.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Jason, we’re going to test it.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay... On what?
dialog: 70,
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: How about the pig lizard?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hey, I was doing okay with the pig lizard...
text: Alexander and the others move aside to let Dusty at the control
text: panel. The controls are complicated, and fit Dusty’s hand like two
text: metal gloves. Teb GASPS as he grasps the controls.
speaker_heading: TEB
dialog: I’m sorry. It is very exciting to see the
text: master at the controls. The operation of the
dialog: conveyer is more art than science.
text: Dusty moves his hands and the pig is TARGETED in crosshairs of the
text: instrument panel. He slowly twists his wrist as he Manipulates a
dialog: lever cautiously and....
text: ON THE PLANET’S SURFACE
text: The pig lizard demolecularizes and disappears.
speaker_heading: CONVEYOR ROOM
text: Everyone looks very impressed. Dusty starts to smile, “no sweat”
text: as the pig rematerializes on the conveyer pad. As it forms,
text: however, something is very wrong. We hear the pig lizard’s
text: HORRIBLE SQUEALS over the disgusted reactions of the crew.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What? What?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: {singsong)
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: I heard something. A squeal.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Oh no. Everything’s fine.
speaker_heading: TEB
dialog: But... the animal is inside out.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I heard that! It’s INSIDE OUT!
text: Then the monstrous remains of the pig lizard EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: TEB
dialog: +.-And it exploded!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What? Did I just hear that it came back INSIDE
text: OUT, and then it EXPLODED? Alex? Gwen? Hello?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Hold on. (to others) What are we going to do?
speaker_heading: PLANET SURFACE
text: Jason looks up at the viewing window where the Demons continue to
dialog: chant.
speaker_heading: DEMONS
dialog: Gorignak!... Gorignak!...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wait, the pig lizard is gone. Why are they
dialog: still chanting for the pig lizard?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Turn on the translation circuit.
text: Teb flicks a switch and we hear the Demons in English.
speaker_heading: DEMONS
text: ROCK... ROCK... ROCK...
text: Suddenly Gwen and the others notice that the entire ROCK FACE
text: behind Jason moves slightly, like a granite MUSCULATURE... Jason,
text: facing forward, doesn’t see it.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason? I don’t think the pig was Gorignak...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
text: Behind Jason, the boulders in the wall begin moving forward,
text: EMERGING from the rock face, and a GIANT emerges... A MONSTER made
text: of granite... Jason turns slowly, with a feeling of dread, as he
text: hears the rumbling SOUND of the monster’s body freeing itself from
text: the rock face around it.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Oh darn.
text: He takes a step back, holding his puny wooden spear. The ROCK
text: MONSTER steps forward, 20 feet tall. Its face mostly featureless
text: yet ominous and determined and upset, and it heads straight for
speaker_heading: JASON.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Guys, molecularize me in...
text: Jason backs away slowly, around the corner, but the monster
text: follows CRUNCH CRUNCH forward...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Guys...7!!
scene_heading: INT. SHIP - MOLECULAR CONVEYER ROOM
text: Dusty looks genuinely distressed.
dialog: 
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: I can’t. You saw what happened...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You have to. They based it on YOUR hand
dialog: movements.
text: Dusty backs away, terror in his face... He starts talking to
dialog: himself nervously...
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: All my professional life they’d say “can you
dialog: ride a horse” Dusty? And I’d say “Of course,
dialog: been riding since I was a boy.” “Can you fence
dialog: Dusty?” “Funny you should ask, I’ve won six
dialog: international competitions.” I learned never to
dialog: say I can’t do something. You don’t get the
dialog: part if you say “I can’t do this.” So I said
dialog: “sure!” because after you're cast, a stuntman
text: does the fall, somebody’s hands play the piano
dialog: for you... But this is life or death! There is
dialog: no stuntman, there are no hands, so may God
dialog: forgive me Jason... I can’t do this.
text: Dusty huddles in the corner, obviously no use to anybody.
scene_heading: ON THE PLANET
text: Jason is in a FULL OUT RUN being chased by the ROCK MONSTER which
text: STOMPS forward, DEMOLISHING everything in its path. The DEMONS
text: move from viewing window to viewing window excitedly, following
text: the pursuit. Finally Jason runs into a dead end.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Dusty’s no good, Jason. You're going to have to
dialog: kill it.
text: The monster CRUNCHES forward, distracted by a couple of Pig
text: Lizards which scurry across its path. He grabs them and puts them
text: in his rock mouth, SQUASHING them. Then turns back to Jason...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: KILL IT? Well I‘m open to ideas!...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Go for the eyes. Like in episode 22 with the
dialog: Var-Dragon... Or episode 46 with the-
speaker_heading: JASON
text: It doesn’t have eyes.
speaker_heading: GUY
text: The throat, the mouth... Its vulnerable spots.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s a ROCK. It doesn’t HAVE vulnerable spots!
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I know... You construct a weapon. Look around,
dialog: can you form some sort of rudimentary lathe?...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: A LATHE??? Get off the line, Guy! Gwen?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: It’s REALLY big, Jason...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Thanks. Helpful!
text: The monster takes a step forward, its shadow falling over Jason..
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ALEXANDER??? PLEASE? You're my advisor, advise
dialog: me!
text: Alexander strokes his chin, thinking...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Jason, you have to figure out what it wants...
dialog: What’s its motivation?
speaker_heading: JASON
text: It’s a DAMN ROCK MONSTER!!! It doesn’t HAVE
dialog: motivation!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: That’s your problem. You were never serious
dialog: about the craft...
dialog: (closing his eyes)
dialog: “I'm a rock... I just want to be a rock...
dialog: Still. Peaceful.. Tranquil..*
text: The monster goes on a frenzy, crushing everything inbetween itself
text: and Jason... Meanwhile, Alexander curls in a ball pretending to be
dialog: the rock monster...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: ---;"Oh, but what’s this? Something’s making
text: noise... No, not noise, no... MOVEMENT.
text: VIBRATIONS. Make the vibrations stop, they go
dialog: straight into me like a knife!.. I must CRUSE
dialog: the thing that makes the vibrations...*
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Am I crazy, or do you actually have something
dialog: there?
text: Jason reaches down and grabs a handful of small rocks. But at that
text: moment the rock monster reaches down and GRABS him in his fist.
text: Jason is carried into the air and dangled above the beast’s mouth.
text: Jason keeps his composure enough to toss one of the rocks at the
text: DEMONS in the viewing window. The rock SMACKS the window with a
text: BANG and bounces off.
dialog: 74,
text: The Demons turn to each other, smiling at this feeble effort to
text: hurt them. That is until the monster WHEELS toward the window.
text: Jason throws another rock at the window. It hits with SOUND,
text: VIBRATING the window. The monster drops Jason. Jason lands,
text: throws another rock. The monster CHARGES toward the vibrations,
text: and before the demons can flee, SMASHES into the viewing area,
text: causing the entire wall, Demons and monster to collapse together
text: in a mammoth landslide. All is still.
speaker_heading: IN THE SHIP
text: The actors CHEER, but their relief is short lived as...
scene_heading: ON THE PLANET
text: The rock monster EMERGES from the rubble, its jaws BLOODY from
text: munching a few of the flattened DEMONS in its mouth... It begins
text: to make a beeline for Jason. Jason is perplexed.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: But I’m not moving, I... Oh no. My heartbeat.
text: IN THE ROCK MONSTER’S POV we head toward Jason and hear Jason's
text: adrenaline heartbeat magnified like a drum, THA-THUMP THA-THUMP.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Dusty? Dusty, can you hear me?
speaker_heading: ON THE SHIP
text: Dusty moves to the panel, shaking.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Yes Jason?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You've got to do this... It’s up to you.
text: The MONSTER picks up speed toward Jason.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: (sweat pours down his temple)
dialog: No, I’1l kiil you...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Listen Dusty. You did this for four years on
dialog: the show. You can do it now... Put your hands
text: on the controls..
text: Dusty puts his trembling hands on the controls...
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: I don’t know... I don’t know...
text: The monster picks up speed. STOMP STOMP STOMP.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (hiding his fear)
dialog: Dusty, I worked summer stock with Hopkins.
dialog: Regional theater with Hoffman. But I swear to
dialog: God I have never met an actor who could hit his
dialog: mark, or nail his lines with the professional
dialog: consistency of a Dustin Kwan. You're Mr.
dialog: Dependable... You can do this.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: You worked with Hopkins? I worship Hopkins.
text: Dusty draws confidence from these words. The monster is UPON
text: Jason... It raises its fist...
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: A moment of concentration - as everybody holds their breath - and
text: then Dusty works the controls. Jason is STILL THERE and..
text: THE MONSTER SMASHES DOWN HIS FIST RIGHT DOWN ONTO JASON....
text: ++-at the very moment he dematerializes. The fist goes right
text: through the scattering molecules. Everybody on ship holds their
dialog: breath and watches the..
scene_heading: REMATERIALIZING PLATFORM
text: Dusty twists and turns his controls with extreme concentration as
text: Jason appears, solidifying. His body instantly DUCKS and CONTORTS
text: to avoid the ROCK FIST that moments ago descended upon him.
text: Everyone runs up to him as he regains his composure, celebrating,
text: hugging him and patting him on the back. Even Alexander looks
dialog: relieved, but won't admit it of course.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I see you managed to take your shirt off.
text: Jason looks over and sees Dusty still at the controls, drenched
text: with sweat. He moves to Dusty and shakes his trembling hand.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: As good as Hopkins?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hopkins can't drink your bathwater, Dusty.
text: Dusty wells with pride. Jason turns to the others.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: All right folks, let’s get the hell out of
dialog: here...
text: Jason punches a communications button.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Betzalar, we’re back and we're on our way to
dialog: command deck. (silence) Betzalar?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: . JASON (cont'd). ,
dialog: Come in Betzalar? Teb? Queelek? Generator
dialog: room?!.. What’s going on? Where is everybody?
text: Gwen pushes a button on the monitors to see... EIGHT GIANT SHIPS
text: JUST LIKE SARRIS’ SURROUNDING THE PROTECTOR. The crew REACTS...
text: Gwen punches another button and a dozen video panels light up
text: showing... SARRIS’ MEN ALL OVER THE SHIP. IN THE GENERATOR ROOM,
text: THE HALLWAYS, THE COMMAND DECK... An INFESTATION.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: NO NO NO.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We've got to get out of here. C’mon, hurry!..
text: But as they head toward the door, it OPENS, revealing SARRIS AND A
text: DOZEN OF HIS MEN, guns drawn. The actors back away, except for
text: Jason who stands his ground as Sarris approaches. They stand face
text: to face for a moment.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Listen Sarris, just hold on a-
text: But Sarris BACKHANDS him brutally with his metal gloved fist.
text: Jason crashes to the floor. Gwen and the others move to help, but
text: are restrained by the guards. Jason starts to stand, wiping blood
text: from his mouth, but with a nod from Sarris, six of his men
text: surround Jason and begin to kick and beat him on the ground
text: brutally... Alexander and the others can only watch in horror.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS/PRISON
text: The row of barracks down the long hallway have been converted to
text: prison cells. From inside these the hundreds of captured ALIENS
text: watch in despair as JASON, BLOODY AND BEATEN, is led down the
text: corridor, his hands and feet shackled. Sarris, his guards and the
text: other crewmembers follow behind.
text: Weak and semi-conscious from the beating, Jason stumbles and
text: falls. Sarris produces a device that looks-like a cattle prod and
text: applies it to Jason’s neck. Jason cries out, his entire body
text: lights up with electricity. The aliens push against the cell doors
text: to come to his aid, but the guards beat them back mercilessly
text: through the bars.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: If you cannot walk, Captain, then I suggest you
dialog: crawl.
text: Jason hesitates. Sarris SHOCKS him again. Jason finally rises and
text: slowly begins to CRAWL forward. Everyone is silent. Numb.
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL DECK
text: The area has been converted to an interrogation chamber. Jason is
text: led in with the others. Sarris’ men are in the middle of an
text: interrogation on a man strapped to a table. They move aside to
text: reveal BETZALAR, parely alive. But as he sees Jason, a ray of
text: hope lights up behind his eyes. He smiles.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Captain. Thank God you're here.
text: Jason, despite his own pain, attempts an encouraging nod.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR (cont’d)
dialog: Now you will face justice, Sarris.
text: Sarris laughs long and hard.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. At every turn
dialog: you demonstrate the necessity for your
dialog: extermination. The qualities of your race...
dialog: Ridiculous optimism, like that of little
dialog: children. Loyalty without regard to purpose or
dialog: effect. Building, always building. But what you
dialog: spend years to build, I take from you in days.
dialog: What you create in decades, I destroy in
dialog: moments... But you are stubborn, Betzalar, I'll
dialog: grant you that. Annoyingly stubborn.
dialog: (to Jason)
dialog: Do you want to save this man's life, Captain?
dialog: And the life of your crew?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Then tell me one thing... What does it do, the
dialog: device? The Omega 13.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I... I don’t know.
text: Sarris twists a dial. Betzalar writhes in pain on the table.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Is it a bomb? Is it a~booby trap? Tell me!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Stop, please! I don’t know!
text: Sarris twists the dials even higher.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Guards! Prepare a tear harness for the
dialog: female...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No! I don’t know! I swear I don’t know! I can’t
dialog: tell you!
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Do you think I’m a fool? That the Captain does
dialog: not know every bolt, every weld of his ship?
text: Gwen fights the guards valiantly as they drag her to a table.
dialog: 77,
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: But I’m not! I... I’m not the Captain!
text: Sarris turns, interested. He motions his guards to halt.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Wait. What did you say?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Please, don’t hurt them, it’s not their fault.
dialog: I‘m not the Captain, I don’t know anything.
text: Betzalar looks at him too, bewildered. Sarris looks intrigued.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Explain.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Gwen. The show. There’s no choice... Do it.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: --.Computer, play the historical records of the
text: GALAXY QUEST missions.
text: A screen lights up with the opening of the first GALAXY QUEST
text: episode. We see the various actors in their roles, freeze framed
text: in action poses, intercut with the ship speeding through space.
text: Sarris watches, captivated. Realization dawns on his face. He
text: begins to laugh. Sarris turns to Betzalar, beaten and bleody, but
text: hope lighting in his eyes as he watches the show. That tickles
text: Sarris even more, he ROARS with laughter.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Oh, this is wonderful. Wonderful. I treated
dialog: you as a foe, but no... You have done much
dialog: greater damage to these poor fools than I ever
dialog: have..> Than I ever could.... Bravo!... Bravo!
text: He puts his arm around Jason and leads him to face Betzalar.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Tell him. This is a moment I will treasure.
dialog: Explain to him who you really are.
text: Jason looks up at Betzalar. A long pause.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: My name is Jason Nesmith. I’m an actor. We’re
dialog: all actors.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Our dim witted friends don’t understand the
dialog: concept of acting. They have no theater, no
dialog: imagination these scientists...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We pretend...
dialog: 79,
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Simpler.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We.. We lie.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Yes... You understand THAT, don’t you,
dialog: Betzalar?...
text: Betzalar looks up at Jason, bewildered.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m not a Captain, there is no United States
text: Exploration Administration. There is no ship.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: (perplexed, points to Tv)
dialog: But there it is!...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: A model, only as big as this.
dialog: (motions with his hands)
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: But... Inside, I have seen-
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Just sections of rooms made of plywood. Our
text: Carbonite Sphere was painted wire and plaster.
dialog: The molecular conveyor was Christmas lights...
dialog: Decorations.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: But... why?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s difficult to... On our planet we pretend
dialog: in order to... entertain.
text: Betzalar just stares. Sarris watches, eyes twinkling.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That’s how I make my living. Pretending to be
text: somebody else. Pretending to be Captain Peter
dialog: Quincy Taggart...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m... I’m so sorry Betzalar...
text: Betzalar looks away, his eyes hollow, all hope gone.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: (to Betzalar)
dialog: Now you know. This entire world you've
dialog: concected. Your miserable lives, all based on
dialog: nothing. Your beliefs... your hopes... All a
text: dream. A wisp of smoke. Now there is only pain.
text: Sarris moves to his Lieutenant, RAK LATHE.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Lieutenant Lathe, I confess that I am beginning
dialog: to feel a bit foolish myself. Chasing across
dialog: the universe to obtain what is, I am now
text: certain, a bauble of fiction. But just in
dialog: case... Tell me how best to obliterate this
dialog: vessel? I would like nothing to remain.
speaker_heading: LATHE
dialog: The core could be hardwired to overload without
dialog: much effort.
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: Sarris. What about my men?
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Yes, you're right. Much too easy a death for
dialog: the trouble you have caused me. Lieutenant,
text: open a vent on level “C” and let the outside in
dialog: a bit for our friends downstairs.
text: A beat. Enraged, Jason LUNGES for Sarris, but his men quickly beat
text: him down brutally.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: I guess an actor is not the same as a Captain
dialog: after all.
text: He turns to his guard, motioning to Jason and the others.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Release them, Sergeant... Into space.
text: The Guard nods and escorts them out. Sarris turns to Betzalar and
text: raises the torture control with a sick smile.
scene_heading: INT. CARGO JETTISON CHAMBER
text: A number of Sarris’ men jettison cargo through a hydraulic
text: airlock. The crates floats into space, collected by a freighter
text: ship outside. They look up as the computer makes an announcement.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (0.S.)
text: Core overload. Emergency shut down overridden.
dialog: Core implosion estimated in nine minutes...
text: Jason and the others enter, escorted by the guards who motion for
text: the workers to leave them alone. Then Guard #1 pushes a button,
text: opening the cargo hold. He motions to Alexander and Jason.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Lift out the crate and get in.
text: Jason and Alexander move to the cargo hold. Alex glares at Jason.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well, how does it feel, Jason? Was it worth it?
text: They lift the crate aside. Jason simply hangs his head.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Hundreds of innocents to die because of you...
dialog: How does it feel?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Shut up. Just shut up.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Be quiet, both of you. Get in.
text: The guard lifts his gun. Alexander and Jason slowly walk toward
text: the cargo jettison scoop.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Hundreds dead, all so you could play at being
dialog: the Captain!
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Be quiet.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You've murdered us all you egomaniacal
dialog: sonofabitch!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Shut up! Just shut up you green skinned freak!
text: Alexander LUNGES at Jason, striking him in the face. They tumble
text: to the ground, fighting. The guards smile, enjoying the fight.
text: Jason quickly overpowers Alexander and punches him repeatedly, his
text: own anger taking hold. Finally, he lifts Alexander to his feet.
text: Alexander’s eyes are rolled back in his head. Jason pulls back for
dialog: the crowning blow...
text: .--and deals a punisher right past Alexander into the face of
text: Guard #1! Alexander’s eyes snap open and he ELBOWS Guard #2 in
text: the face. The fight was an act. The second guard’s gun goes
text: SKITTERING into the cargo scoop as he drops unconscious. Guard #1
text: dives into the scoop to retrieve the gun, aims at Jason and pulls
text: the trigger at the instant the scoop hydraulics comes to life and
text: he is WHISKED THROUGH THE HOLD INTO SPACE, flailing silently into
text: the vacuum. Everyone turns to see Dusty taking his finger off the
dialog: cargo button.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Hmmm.. A bit sticky. 1’11 get one of my boys
text: up here with a can of WD-40.
text: Alexander turns to Jason, both out of breath.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: “Green skinned freak...?”
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I was staying in character. “Egomaniacal
dialog: sonofabitch?”
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Naturalism. I see you got to win the fight...
dialog: ‘
dialog: |
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I had the shot...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Guys...
text: She motions to a row of security monitors...
scene_heading: One labeled “ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS DECK - C LEVEL” shows FOUR OF
text: SARRIS’ MEN straining at a large circular valve. On another
text: Monitor we see DEBRIS rushing up to a vent in the BARRACKS area as
text: AIR_IS SUCKED OUT OF THE ALIENS’ PRISON. Teb and the other aliens
text: pull on their prison bars in horror.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Let’s go.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: The six of them run down the hallway. Jason stops them and they
text: duck into an alcove as a unit of Sarris’ men jog past.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Core implosion in four minutes...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Go on, give it a try, Gwen.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Computer, shut down the core.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Unable. Memory checksum for core operations
text: invalid. Systems hardware damaged.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: All right guys, listen up. Gwen and I are going
dialog: to have to get to the core and shut it down
dialog: manually. Tommy, you and Dusty need to get that -
dialog: air valve back on. Alex, see if you can get
text: the prison doors open downstairs in case Tommy
text: and Dusty can’t get the oxygen back in time.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Jason? What about me? What do I do?
text: Jason puts a hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Practice driving, Tommy.
text: They all split up, leaving Tommy standing there.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Practice driving?
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Gwen and Jason hurry down the hallway, keeping a look out for
text: Sarris’ guards.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: So... We get to shut down the neutron reactor?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Uh... I hate to break it to you Jason, but I
dialog: don’t know how to shut down a neutron reactor,
dialog: and unless you took a Learning Annex course I
dialog: don’t know about, I’m pretty sure you don’t
dialog: know how to shut down a neutron reactor either.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No I don’t. But I know somebody who does.
scene_heading: INT. BRANDON’S HOUSE - TARZANA - EARTH - DAY
text: Birds chirp outside pleasantly.
scene_heading: INT. BRANDON'S BEDROOM - EARTH - DAY
text: The room of our #1 GALAXY QUEST fan, BRANDON. The fourteen year
text: old sits at his computer, in uniform, gluing a tiny piece of
text: plastic to his model of the Protector. A knock on the door, and
text: his mother enters.
speaker_heading: BRANDON’S MOM
dialog: Brandon?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Mother, I’m quite busy as you can see. The “C”
dialog: rings on my booster unit came broken _in the
dialog: mail.
speaker_heading: BRANDON’S MOM
dialog: I’m sorry. I made rice crispy squares.
speaker_heading: BRANDON ,
dialog: Mother, I'm very busy. Well, maybe one. Thank
dialog: you.
text: She exits. Brandon looks at his model with a sigh. Suddenly he
text: hears a familiar TONE. He cocks his head and turns to...
text: THE INTERSTELLAR VOX sitting on his table. He starts to turn
text: away, but it BEEPS again. Slowly he reaches out, takes it in his
text: hand and flips the switch. We hear Jason's voice.
speaker_heading: JASON (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?... Hello is anyone there?...
text: Brandon stares at the thing, then looks around his room for signs
text: of a practical joke. He speaks into it quietly.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: «+ -Hello?
scene_heading: INT. USEA PROTECTOR - SPACE
text: Jason, holding his VOX, nods to Gwen... “Got him.”
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: This is Jason Nesmith. I play Captain Peter
text: Quincy Taggart of the USEA PROTECTOR.
scene_heading: INT. BRANDON’S ROOM
text: Brandon stares at the vox for a very long moment like those people
text: on the old Candid Camera show when the mailbox talks to them.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: .--Yes?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We accidently traded Vox units when we bumped
dialog: into each other on Saturday. You got mine.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Oh... Oh, I see. Oh.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What's your name, son?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Brandon.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Brandon, I remember you from the convention,
dialog: right?... You had a lot of little technical
dialog: observations about the ship, and I spoke
dialog: sharply to you...
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Yes, I know, and I want you to know I thought
dialog: about what you said... I know you meant it
dialog: constructively but...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s okay. Listen-
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: ++-But I want you to know that I am not a
dialog: complete braincase, okay? I understand
dialog: completely that it’s just a TV show. There is
dialog: no ship, there is no Carbonite Sphere, no
dialog: molecular conveyor... I mean, obviously it’s
dialog: all just a-
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s real, Brandon. All of it, it’s real.
dialog: 8S.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: (no hesitation)
dialog: I knew it!... I KNEW it!...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Brandon... The crew and I are in trouble and we
dialog: need your help.
text: The look on Brandon's face is indescribable. His entire life has
text: built to this moment. He straightens in his seat at attention, his
text: eyes glistening.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Yes sir. How can I be of service, sir?
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL QUARTERS
text: Sarris’ first lieutenant LATHE enters.
speaker_heading: LATHE
dialog: General, your transport is ready for departure.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: One moment...
text: Sarris moves to turn on a viewscreen. Behind him, Betzalar lies on
text: the table, unconscious.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
text: Something to amuse him if he wakes.
text: As Sarris exits we see that the VIEWSCREEN IMAGE shows the aliens
text: in their cells, pulling at the bars. Some are already unconscious
dialog: from the lack of oxygen.
scene_heading: INT. MEDIA ROOM
text: Tommy, all alone, peeks into the room to makes sure it is empty,
text: then enters “and moves to a high tech case. He pushes a button and
text: a panel moves aside revealing a complete library of the GALAXY
text: QUEST episodes... Like a high-tech shrine. Tommy moves his finger
text: across the selections, picking one episode in particular with a
dialog: smile...
scene_heading: INT. SHIP CORRIDOR
text: Alexander makes his way down the hall stealthily, avoiding Sarris’
text: guards. He stops as he hears a NOISE from a utility compartment to
text: his side. Steeling his nerve, he reaches out to turn the latch,
text: preparing for whatever is inside...
text: He opens the door suddenly and a FIGURE jumps out. Both of them
text: assume defensive stances, then Alexander recognizes him as
text: QUELLEK, his young protégé. Quellek beams.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: Sir, it’s you! Thank Ipthar!
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Quellek. What are you doing in there?
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: I avoided capture using the Mak’tar stealth
dialog: haze. Where is everyone?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Come with me. I’11 explain on the way.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP STORAGE BAY
text: Gwen and Jason enter the dark room full of old esoteric machines
text: in storage. Jason speaks to Brandon on his Vox.
speaker_heading: . JASON
dialog: Okay, we're in the storage bay. What now?
scene_heading: INT. BRANDON’S BEDROOM - CONCURRENT
text: Brandon inserts a GALAXY QUEST CDROM labeled TECHNICAL SYSTEMS
text: into his computer. A couple of clicks later, a 3D wire frame
text: diagram of the ship appears.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Okay, there’s a hatch on the port wall. It
text: leads to a system of utility corridors through
text: the bowels of the ship.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP STORAGE BAY - CONCURRENT
text: Jason searches in vain for the hatch.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: There’s no hatch. (losing faith) There’s no
dialog: hatch!
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Wait... Jason, Here!...
text: The hatch is hidden by a large piece of scrap equipment. Gwen and
text: Jason push the metal out of the way leading to the hatch.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay, we got it.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, you can go on in... I'm going to get
dialog: Kyle. He knows the utility tunnel system better
dialog: than anybody alive.
scene_heading: INT. BRANDON’S BEDROOM - CONCURRENT
text: Brandon punches some keys and Kyle pops up in a little CU-SEE ME
text: window on the computer.
speaker_heading: KYLE (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Hi Brandon.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: No time for pleasantries, Kyle. We have a level
dialog: five emergency. The Captain needs us to get him
dialog: to the core and shut it down before it
text: overloads.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Oh, okay.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: You've got the utility systems walkthrough,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: I have sectors 1-28. I think Hector has the
dialog: upper levels.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: We'd better get everybody online. And Kyle,
dialog: Stop downloading porn. Your frame rate is
dialog: unacceptable.
scene_heading: KYLE’S ROOM - CONCURRENT
text: An obviously faked nude picture of Gwen as Tawny Madison downloads
text: slowly onto his screen.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: I’m not downloading porn!
text: He clicks <cancel> on the picture.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP’S CORRIDOR SECTORS 30-50
text: Dusty and Guy make their way down the corridor, checking the
text: numbered sectors as they pass.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Okay, sector 38... 39... 40. This is it. The
dialog: environmental systems are in here. Ali we have
dialog: to do is shut off the valve to the barracks...
text: They look through the window into the room to see... A HUNDRED of
text: Sarris’ men sitting inside, surrounding the large circular wheel
text: that controls the valve. Dusty exchanges a look with Guy.
dialog: Guy
dialog: All we have to do...
scene_heading: INT. SHIP LIBRARY
text: Tommy sits at the desk watching an episode of GALAXY QUEST play on
text: the screen. The scene has Tommy piloting the ship, dodging and
text: weaving through a very silly giant paper mache monster floating in
dialog: space.
dialog: 88.
dialog: '
text: But Tommy is dead serious. He watches himself on the tape,
text: mimicking his own piloting moves, pretending that the
text: miscellaneous objects on the table are his controls... And lip-
text: synching his lines as his character says them on TV...
scene_heading: INT. UTILITY TUNNELS
text: Jason and Gwen run through the tunnel system, following Brandon's
dialog: instructions.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Okay, now left at the next turn... You should
dialog: see the crystalline oxygen units. Make a right
dialog: there. Then go through the antimatter vent...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay... Okay, now what?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Now make a right, you’1ll see a doorway that
text: opens on the central manufacturing facility.
text: The bowels of the ship.
text: Gwen and Jason turn right and their eyes widen.
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL MANUFACTURING CAVERN (BOWELS)
text: Dante’s Inferno. Down below, a huge automated facility for ship
text: construction and maintenance. Moving elevators and conveyor belts
text: move through a maze of scaffolding and overhangs. Glowing rivers
text: of molten metal run past giant swinging hammers and pronged robot
text: arms and crushing machines.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Captain, do you have a camera? I'd die to see
dialog: this in person... All they showed on TV was a
dialog: machine here, and a wall here... I don’t know
dialog: why they didn’t show the whole thing.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (awed)
dialog: We'd never have the budget for this.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Okay, so do you see a door marked “CORE UNIT?”
dialog: Should be down at the far end to your left.
text: On the other side of the room, down a circuitous path through a
text: dangerous gauntlet of machinery and lava Jason spots such a door.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes...?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Okay, that's where you want to be.
text: Gwen and Jason look at each other, then... Giggle nervously. It’s
dialog: just so impossible.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE PRISON/BARRACKS
text: Alexander and Quellek arrive at the “prison area” hatch and look
text: through the window... In their cells, many of the aliens are
text: already unconscious. Others valiantly attempt to open their cells
text: with crudely constructed levers and battering rams, to no avail.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: They’re dying!
text: Alexander inserts his hand into the ID pad.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Open. Open dammit.
text: A light flashes. “Pressure lock override” Alexander turns to a
text: wall console.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Here. Help me tear this down, we can use it as
text: a battering ram.
text: Quellek follows Alexander to the console, looking over his
text: shoulder at the prison. Alexander puts his hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Don’t worry, Quellek, it’1l be okay...
text: Quellek seems comforted, but Alexander isn’t too sure himself.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS ROOM
text: Dusty and Guy continue to watch Sarris’ men, still surrounding the
dialog: main valve.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: We've got to get that valve turned off. Their
dialog: oxygen is almost gone...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Listen, I’1l go in, create a distraction. I
dialog: have this...
dialog: (holds up the gun)
dialog: I may be able to hold them back long enough for
dialog: the aliens to escape.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: It’s suicide.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I’m just a glorified extra, Dusty. I’m a dead
dialog: man anyway. If I’m going to die, I’d rather go
dialog: out a hero than a coward.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Maybe you’re the plucky comic relief, Guy. You
dialog: ever think of that?
dialog: 90.
text: Guy cocks his head. No, he hadn’t thought of that. Dusty pats his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Besides, I just had a really interesting
dialog: idea...
scene_heading: INT. SARRIS’ SHIP TO SHIP TRANSPORT
text: Sarris stands at the observation window as the transport makes it
text: way toward his ship. All but one of the other ships have left the
text: area, and that ship is turning and heading toward a black hele in
dialog: the distance...
text: The TRANSPORT CHIEF next to him gets a message on his earpiece.
speaker_heading: TRANSPORT CHIEF
text: Sir, the FALCON THREE is launched and away,
text: course set for Xactor Minor. FALCON ONE dead
text: ahead. Four minutes to core overload.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Good... Good... All is in its place.
speaker_heading: TRANSPORT CHIEF
dialog: ..-General, I have just received word that the
text: Captain of the PROTECTOR and his command crew
text: have escaped custody. Their whereabouts are
dialog: unknown,
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: What?
text: Suddenly a LIFELESS BODY CRASHES against the windshield like a
text: bug. It’s Sarris’ Guard, jettisoned earlier. Sarris’ eyes light.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Find them.
speaker_heading: LATHE
dialog: But sir, my MEN. The core explosion is not
dialog: reversible...
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Find then.
scene_heading: INT. MANUFACTURING CAVERN (BOWELS)
text: Jason and Gwen make their way along a narrow catwalk above the
text: manufacturing floor. A row of ROBOT ARMS block their way, moving
text: erratically. They have to dodge the arms to move forward.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay, we've cleared the robot arms. Now what?
scene_heading: INT. BRANDON’S ROOM
text: Brandon now has his whole CREW on separate windows of his computer
text: screen, including fan KATELYN, wearing a “Tawny Madison” outfit.
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: KATELYN
dialog: Okay, Brandon, as I calculate it the shortest
text: route is down the ladder near the quark
text: accelerators.
speaker_heading: OTHER NERDS
dialog: I concur. She’s right. Very good.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: High five, Katelyn.
text: He and the others hi-five, slapping their computer screens.
scene_heading: INT. MANUFACTURING CAVERN (BOWELS)
text: Jason and Gwen make their way down the ladder, and across a narrow
text: beam over a LAVA POOL at a staggering height.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Brandon.. Just in case I die, there’s something
dialog: I have to know...
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Yes Captain?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What does the Omega 13 do?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Well, that’s the big the question, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: It’s been the subject of an extremely heated
dialog: debate on the internet for years. Many believe
text: that is a matter collapser, a bomb capable of
dialog: destroying all mattér in the universe in a
text: chain reaction lasting 13 seconds.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: But you don’t?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: No, I am of the firm belief that in reality it
dialog: is not a matter killer, but a matter
text: REARRANGER, converting all molecules to the
dialog: exact state they existed thirteen seconds
dialog: previous to activation thus effecting a
text: thirteen second time jump to the past.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: How did you come to that conclusion?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: My cousin's boyfriend’s sister went out with
dialog: the screenwriter. His favorite movie is The
dialog: Omegaman. He’s seen it 13 times...
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: As you know I strenuously disagree with this
dialog: theory, Brandon. If all molecules were
dialog: rearranged, then everyone would be back in time
text: 13 seconds rendering the device useless.
text: Suddenly a BLAST erupts next to Jason’s head. He and Gwen turn to
text: see SARRIS’ MEN shooting at them from across the room at the
text: entrance to the cavern.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay guys... Guys?
text: But the nerds are now caught up in the debate.
speaker_heading: KATELYN
dialog: No because the brain of the person who triggers
dialog: the Omega 13 is not affected, so THAT person
text: still has his memory after the time jump.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Thank you, Katelyn. Excellent.
speaker_heading: KATELYN
dialog: (flattered, shy)
dialog: You’ re welcome, Brandon.
text: Jason and Gwen RUN as Sarris men continue to shoot at them.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: BRANDON!!! TIME TO GO!
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Yes Captain... All right, you’re almost there.
text: Just go through the chompers and over the pit.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: “The chompers?”
text: They turn to see... THE CHOMPERS... An unavoidable gauntlet of
text: HISSING HYDRAULIC SMASHING METAL HAMMERS AND BLADES jutting out
text: from the sides, top, bottom and diagonally...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Oh, screw THAT.
text: More GUNFIRE from Sarris’ men. Another BLAST melts a pole next to
text: them. Jason pulls his disrupter pistol and fires back at them.
text: Sarris’ men take cover.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Brandon, HOW?
scene_heading: INT. BRANDON’S ROOM
text: Brandon cradles a telephone on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Hollister, do you have the sequence yet?
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLISTER’S ROOM
text: Another one of Brandon's pals, HOLLISTER, watches a tape of the
text: show, fast viewing one sequence backwards and forwards over and
dialog: over;
text: ON THE TV, we see the cheap painted cardboard version of the
text: crushers. A cheap looking fish headed ALIEN MONSTER chases Jason
text: through the crusher but is toppled by one of crushers and falls
text: into the fake looking lava pit.
text: Hollister times the pattern of the crushers with a stopwatch...
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: Okay, the pattern is two.. two... four... two.,
dialog: three... eight... two...
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: You're sure they repeat like that? It’s sort of
dialog: extremely important.
text: Cut from the cardboard props to the REAL THING.
scene_heading: THE MAMMOTH CRUSHERS
text: Gwen and Jason watch as they SMASH and GRIND back and forth...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: What IS that thing? It serves no useful purpose
dialog: to have a bunch of CHOPPY CRUSHY things in the
dialog: middle of a CATWALK!?!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Gwen...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: We shouldn’t have to DO this! It makes NO
text: LOGICAL SENSE! Why is it HERE?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Because it was on the show!
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Well forget it! I’m not going. This episode was
dialog: badly written!
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Captain, you and Lt. Madison will have to go
text: through the crushers one at a time in three
dialog: second intervals. Tell me when the first
text: crusher hits the bottom...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay, now. But-
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Wait two seconds then go.
text: Another BLAST from Sarris’ men weakens the catwalk behind them...
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No, wait, are you-
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Lt. Madison, GO.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Shit! Go!
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: GO Captain.
text: Jason and Gwen run through the CHOMPERS. It is a series of CLOSE
text: ESCAPES, timed just a FRACTION late, so at one point Gwen must use
text: all her strength to pull a SLEEVE caught in the works before a
text: second hammer comes down where her body was a moment before. Jason
text: DIVES through a quickly diminishing hole, his DISRUPTER PISTOL
text: falling behind him, quickly SMASHED to oblivion by a closing slab.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Stop.
text: Jason stops, catching Gwen’s leg just as... A HAMMER SMASHES right
text: in front of her, barely missing her head.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Go.
text: They’re off again.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Up.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What? Up?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Berithium lava coming through. Use the
dialog: handholds above you.
text: Here comes the lava down a chute ahead of them. Jason pulls Gwen
text: up just as the lava comes through, sizzling the tips of her
dialog: hanging hair.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Whoever wrote this episode should DIE.
text: The lava passes, and they drop and continue on through the doorway
text: as disrupter blasts erupt around them like fireworks...
speaker_heading: DARKNESS
text: Jason and Gwen run through pitch blackness.
speaker_heading: JASON (0.S.)
dialog: What the hell?... Brandon, Where are we?
dialog: 9S.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t know. This part of the ship is
text: completely undocumented.
speaker_heading: GWEN (0.S)
dialog: Great... Just great!
scene_heading: INT. MOLECULAR CONVEYER ROOM
text: Dusty and Guy are now in the Molecular Conveyor room. Very quiet
text: compared to the mayhem in the bowels of the ship... Guy looks down
text: at the panel with great anticipation, then up at Dusty with a
text: nervous smile. Dusty gingerly takes hold of the molecular conveyor
dialog: controls.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: This should be interesting...
text: ON THE MOLECULAR CONVEYOR DISPLAY: We see crosshairs target an
text: object... The vague outline is that of a man, but blocky and
text: misshapen... We recognize it as THE ROCK MONSTER... Dusty SMILES.
scene_heading: SHIP ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS ROOM
text: DOZENS OF SARRIS’ MEN continue to surround the oxygen valve when
text: suddenly THE ROCK MONSTER materializes right in the middle of the
text: room! They look up in horrified disbelief, a surreal silence until
text: one of Sarris’ stunned men CLICKS his transmitter button... The
text: monster WHEELS on him in an instant, picking him up and crushing
text: him flat between its jaws. Then MAYHEM as Sarris’ men TRAMPLE
text: each other trying to escape from the room.
scene_heading: MOLECULAR CONVEYOR ROOM
text: Dusty and Guy watch the mayhem on a monitor, admiringly.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: (contemplative)
dialog: It’s the simple things in life you treasure.
text: Guy nods.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: The MONSTER chases a group of Sarris’ men down a dead-end hallway.
text: Sarris’ men have nowhere to go as the monster bears down on them,
text: and CRASHES through the hull, taking himself and everyone else OUT
text: INTO SPACE. Inside, the far doors shut automatically to contain
dialog: the vacuum.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The rock monster tumbles gently through the vacuum of space. The
text: monster’s jaws move in a roar, and though we hear nothing, the
text: monster’s silent roar is SUBTITLED into English:
speaker_heading: ROCK MONSTER
dialog: Ah, sweet tranquility at last.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS ROOM
text: The room is now emptied of Sarris’ men. Guy and Dusty enter and
text: move to the large valve, straining to turn it. Slowly, the
dialog: pressure normalizes.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE BARRACKS HALLWAY
text: Working together, Alexander and Quellek are now using a makeshift
text: BATTERING RAM on the door as an adjacent readout begins to blink.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: Sir! The pressure. It’s normalizing.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Open.
text: The door opens and Alexander enters. He runs to a Panel down the
text: hall and turns the switch. All the cell doors open. He runs to
text: one of the cells and helps a few of the men to their feet and
text: walks them from their cells. They turn to Alexander, gratitude in
dialog: their faces.
speaker_heading: ALIEN #1
dialog: We are saved! He has saved us!..
text: Alexander suppresses a smile, preparing to feign modesty...
speaker_heading: ALIEN #1
dialog: Captain Taggart has saved us!
speaker_heading: ALIENS
dialog: Hooray for Captain Taggart! Long live Captain
dialog: Taggart!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (grumbling)
dialog: It’s just not fair.
text: He moves to Quellek at the doorway,
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Okay, Quellek, let’s get back to the command
dialog: deck and-
text: Suddenly we hear a DISRUPTER BLAST and Quellek’s chest turns RED.
text: Alexander and Quellek look down at the blood, startled and
dialog: horr ed...
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: I’m... I’m shot.
text: He falls, CRUMPLED to the ground. We see one of Sarris’ GUARDS
text: down the hall. He shoots again. Alexander grabs Quellek’s limp
text: body and pulls him to out of the line of fire.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Quellek... Quellek!
dialog: 97.
dialog: ‘
text: Quellek opens his eyes weakly. Alexander pulls aside his uniform
text: to see the wound. It’s a mortal injury. exander uses all of his
text: acting skills to disguise his shock.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Not so bad. We'll get you to medical quarters.
dialog: You're going to be fine.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: I... I don’t think I’m going to make it Sir...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No, don’t talk like that, son. We’re going to
dialog: get you fixed up.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: -.-It has been my greatest honor to serve with
dialog: you. Living by your example these years, my
dialog: life has had meaning. I have been blessed. Sir,
dialog: I... I...
text: He cringes in pain. Alexander looks at him, full of emotion.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Don’t speak, Quellek.
speaker_heading: QUELLEK
dialog: You’1ll forgive my impertinence, sir, but even
dialog: though we had never before met, I always
dialog: considered you as a father to me.
text: Blood appears in the corner of Quellek’s mouth, his life fading
text: away. Alexander strokes his head, devastated. He looks him right
text: in the eyes, his eyes welling with tears. Then with intensity, and
dialog: absolute sincerity...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: Quellek... By Grabthar’s hammer, by the suns of
dialog: Warvan... You shall be avenged. ~~
text: Quellek’s appreciation of this is indescribable. A tiny spark
text: behind his eyes light up, and he smiles, completely content as he
text: surrenders to death.
text: Tears fall down Alexander’s cheek as he holds Quellek’s limp body.
text: Then a DISRUPTER blast hits a corner nearby. Alexander lays
text: Quellek’s head to the ground softly, then rises. There is an
text: intensity to him we haven’t seen before... His eyes BURN.
text: Alexander moves into the hallway, fixing his attention on Sarris’
text: man. The guard looks up, momentarily shaken; Alexander looks truly
text: ALIEN. His eyes afire with VENGEANCE. Nervous, the guard fires
text: twice, missing. Alexander begins to RUN toward the guard, picking
text: up speed. The guard tries to reload his gun but his eyes are
text: locked on Alexander like a frightened animal and his cartridges
text: clatter to the ground. Alexander ROARS like a creature, baring
text: his teeth in the final moments... The guard stands there as he
text: meets his death, so terrified he can only mutter a single word..
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: ~+-mother.
text: as ALEXANDER envelopes him like a force of nature.
scene_heading: INT. DARKNESS (UNDOCUMENTED AREA)
text: Jason and Gwen make their way forward in the darkness... They are
text: stopped as they hit a pitch black wall.
speaker_heading: JASON (0.S.)
dialog: Brandon, there’s a wall.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, good, you should be at the blast tunnel.
text: Use the computer to open the blast sections in
dialog: sequence.
speaker_heading: GWEN (0.S.)
text: Computer, open the first blast section.
text: We see a shaft of LIGHT as a huge metal BLOCK rises, and they
text: enter a tunnel] that dead ends about 6 feet in.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: Computer, open the second blast section.
text: Another 6x6 foot block slides up, the tunnel lengthens. They turn
text: as they hear the sound of Sarris’ Men in the distance behind them.
speaker_heading: BLAST TUNNEL
text: Gwen and Jason run as fast as they can through the tunnel, the
text: blocks rising one by one just in front of them.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: Computer, open blast sections 15,16,17,18,19...
scene_heading: INT. POWER CORE ROOM *
text: A doorway appears and Jason and Gwen emerge from blast tunnel into
text: a large spherical room that glows with a pulsating light from a
text: domed console in the center.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Detonation in sixty seconds...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay Brandon, I think this is it.
text: He moves to the large nel near the dome. There is large blue
text: button under a glass flap.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m at the control panel. What do I do?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Okay, raise the glass and push the blue button.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That‘s it?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Yeah. What's wrong?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Nothing. I just thought it would be more
dialog: complicated than that.
text: He reaches for the button when suddenly there are a volley of
text: BLASTS around them and Sarris’ men appear in the doorway.
speaker_heading: SARRIS’ GUARD #1
dialog: Raise your hands, NOW.
text: Jason and Gwen raise their hands.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Detonation in 45 seconds...
text: The computer starts counting down second by second in the
dialog: background...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Look, I’m going to just push this button, then
dialog: we'll talk about whatever-
text: They fire a BLAST and he raises his arms again.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You don’t understand! This ship is going to
dialog: explode!
speaker_heading: SARRIS’ GUARD #1
dialog: Yes, the General warned us of your tricks.
dialog: {looks at Gwen)
dialog: You know, this one is strangely attractive.
dialog: (pissed)
scene_heading: Oh GREAT. PERFECT.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: Gar, our orders are to kill them.
text: Sarris’ guard looks at Gwen, lustfully.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: I know, but I would first like to experience an
dialog: Earthwoman.
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: That is sick. It is as if to seek pleasure with
dialog: an animal...
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: ..-Yes, I know.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: This is all very flattering but we are going to
speaker_heading: DIE!
text: They all laugh at her, and start forward as the computer counts
text: down “15 seconds to detonation...”
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Some of us sooner than others... Hold her down
dialog: for me, Kreeg.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: (intense)
dialog: If you come one step closer I will kill you
dialog: all! I SWEAR I WILL!
text: They LAUGH heartily, and take a step forward. Jason rises, but
text: Gwen is already on the situation.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: Computer, close blast section 29.
text: Guard #1's smile drops immediately and he doesn’t even have time
text: to scream as THE SECTION BLOCK DROPS, crushing the whole lot of
text: them to petroleum in an instant. Green GOO oozes out from under
text: the block. Gwen shakes her head, her hands on her hips.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: Why doesn’t ANYBODY EVER TAKE ME SERIOUSLY!?
text: She moves to the oozing GOO and SHOUTS down at it.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: NOW how are you feeling, HUH? Do you take me
dialog: seriously NOW? DO YOU? DO YOU?!!!?
text: Jason flips up the glass case as the computer counts down to “1”
text: and SMASHES the Blue Button. A beat of silence.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
text: Core detonation... aborted.
text: Jason turns to Gwen and they look at each other appreciatively.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: See? We can have fun off the set.
text: Gwen smiles, exhales a laugh of relief.
scene_heading: INT. SARRIS’ SHIP - COMMAND DECK
text: Sarris’ intelligence officer approaches Sarris.
scene_heading: INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
dialog: Sir, the core detonation sequence on the
text: Protector has been aborted.
dialog: 101,
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Impossible... Impossible!
dialog: (to munitions officer)
dialog: Lieutenant, lock a full complement of implosion
text: missiles onto the Protector. Tear her apart.
scene_heading: MUNITIONS OFFICER
dialog: Yes sir.
scene_heading: INT. PROTECTOR - SHIP’S CORRIDOR
text: The HUNDREDS of freed ALIENS sweep through the corridor,
text: overtaking the scattered remnants of Sarris’ guards. Alexander
text: fights alongside them, dealing crushing blows to two Guards at a
text: time as the Aliens sweep around him. Alexander and his character
text: are now indistinguishable. Jason and Gwen appear in the melee.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Alex! Alex, are you okay?
text: Alexander nods, a faraway look in his eye.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes... It is a good day.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Good... Let’s go, buddy, they can take it from
dialog: here C’mon...
dialog: 
text: Alexander has to be practically dragged away from fighting one of
dialog: Sarris’ men...
scene_heading: CORRIDOR TO COMMAND DECK
text: Jason, Gwen and Alexander run up the hall. Dusty and Guy appear
text: from around a corner and they all keep running.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Anybody seen Tommy?
speaker_heading: TOMMY (0.S.)
dialog: Right here!
text: Tommy appears from the media room. They all run as a team toward
text: the command deck.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We've got to get the plasma armor up before
dialog: Sarris finds out we’ve aborted the
dialog: detonation...
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (0.S.)
text: Warning. Enemy missiles launched.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I think he found out.
text: Alexander signals the door up ahead to open and they run into the
dialog: 102,
speaker_heading: COMMAND DECK
text: They quickly take their stations.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Forward view.
text: In the central viewscreen we see SARRIS’S SHIP dead ahead, having
text: already launched a VOLLEY OF WEAPONS coming straight for them.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Armor up!
speaker_heading: GUY
text: Plasma armor engaged.
text: Just in time. The ship is rocked, but not destroyed.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: Fire blue and red gannet disrupters, full.
speaker_heading: GuY
dialog: Launched.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: He's raising his armor.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Power to two.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Want me to turn it around?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No, straight ahead Tommy.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You got it.
text: The ship moves straight toward Sarris’ ship. A light blinks on
dialog: Gwen’s control panel...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason, it’s Sarris.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Put him on.
text: An image of SARRIS appears on the side monitor.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Well isn’t this adorable. The actors have
dialog: decided to play war with me...
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: Sarris’s ship is accelerating toward us at Mark
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: Accelerate to Mark 4, Tommy.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: This is embarrassing, really. I shan’t tell
dialog: this story when I return home.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: He's accelerating to Mark 6.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Mark 12.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The two ships ROAR TOWARD EACH OTHER at terrifying speed.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: I will remind you, sonny. I am a General. I
dialog: have seen war and death as you cannot imagine.
dialog: If you are counting on me to blink, you are
dialog: making a very deadly mistake.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Let me tell you something, Sarris. It doesn’t
dialog: take a great actor to recognize a bad one.
dialog: You’ re sweating.
text: Indeed, a drop of sweat drips down Sarris’ brow.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Five seconds to impact...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sir?
text: Jason fixes his gaze on Sarris and... smiles. -
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (intense, joyful)
dialog: Damn the neutrino cannons. Full speed ahead!
text: Sarris cracks.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Turn! Turn full to Port!
text: The viewscreen FILLS with Sarris’ ship as it turns, and misses
text: collision by INCHES. Gwen, Alexander and the others exchange
text: relieved looks.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: He’s coming around... Accelerating... Locking
text: radar. He’s gaining on us.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Heading Captain?
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: Into the mine field.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (nervous}
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Trust me.
text: Tommy and the others look at him. They really seem to believe in
text: him at this point. With a collective nod to Tommy...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Yes sir.
scene_heading: EXT. PROTECTOR
text: Sarris’ ship follows the Protector into the mine field. It begins
scene_heading: FIRING MISSILES.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
text: Tommy avoids the mines, flying side to side, gracefully. But
text: explosions from Sarris’ missiles ROCK the ship, again and again.
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: Jason... The rear plasma armor is weakening. If
text: it goes, he’1l tear the engines apart.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It’s okay. Tommy, think you can get a little
dialog: closer to those mines?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: ?
text: “(he smiles, realizes what Jason
dialog: has in mind)
dialog: Yes sir. I can try. 7
text: Gwen turns to Guy.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: What are you doing? What are they doing?!
text: Tommy steers the ship dangerously close to a mine... Then heads
text: toward another one, missing it by inches, then another... A BLAST
text: rocks the ship.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Rear armor is GONE, Jason. It’s not that I
dialog: don’t trust you, Jason but-
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Look out the back.
text: Gwen and the others turn to the rear monitors to see..
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: ’
text: THE MAGNETIC MINES, all curving behind the ship like a wake,
text: CONVERGING ON SARRIS’ SHIP. Gwen turns to Jason, astonished.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I never doubted you for a second.
scene_heading: INT. SARRIS’S SHIP
text: Sarris’ eyes open in terror as the mines CONVERGE in his path and
text: the ship is sent PLOWING THROUGH THEM, EXPLOSION AFTER EXPLOSION
text: TEARING THROUGH ITS ARMOR. He and his crew are tossed around like
dialog: rag dolls.
scene_heading: INT. PROTECTOR
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: His armor is completely gone. He’s naked.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Swing her around, Tommy. Ready the gannet
dialog: cannons, Guy.
speaker_heading: GUY AND TOMMY
dialog: Yes sir.
scene_heading: INT. SARRIS’ SHIP - THE FALCON 1
text: Sarris sees the Protector swing on its axis, now flying backwards,
text: and AIMING STRAIGHT TOWARD HIM. A horrifying sight. Sarris’s eyes
dialog: widen.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: Forward armor up!
speaker_heading: LATHE
text: Armor is depleted.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: No. It can’t be..7 No.
scene_heading: INT. PROTECTOR
text: Jason stands.
speaker_heading: JASON
speaker_heading: FIRE.
scene_heading: EXT. PROTECTOR
text: The powerful GANNET CANNONS fire glowing projectiles.
scene_heading: INT. THE FALCON 1
text: Sarris sees the Gannet projectiles coming toward them.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
text: FULL TURN TO PORT!
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: LATHE
dialog: There is no more time, General. We are
dialog: defeated.
text: Lathe stands starts, moves past Sarris.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: WHERE ARE YOU GOING?!
text: Lathe SPITS on Sarris, contemptuously.
speaker_heading: LATHE
text: Back to civilian life.
text: Lathe moves TOWARD THE APPROACHING PROJECTILES in the VIEWSCREEN,
text: and closes his eyes, awaiting his death.
speaker_heading: SARRIS
dialog: No. NO!
text: Sarris RISES, TERROR ON HIS FACE as the GLOWING PROJECTILES fill
text: the viewscreen. He DIVES for a raised platform at the side of the
text: command deck and FUMBLES with controls as...
scene_heading: EXT. FALCON 1
text: The Gannet Projectiles TEAR INTO THE FALCON, burrowing deep inside
text: the ship. There is a momentary pause and then a tremendous
text: EXPLOSION. The Falcon is RIPPED APART, millions of FRAGMENTS sent
dialog: in all directions.
scene_heading: INT. PROTECTOR - COMMAND DECK
text: Jason stands, a clenched fist. The others CHEER!
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Yeah! YEAH!
scene_heading: ° TOMMY AND OTHERS
dialog: We did it! Damn! We DID IT!
scene_heading: INT. PROTECTOR HALLWAYS AND VARIOUS ROOMS
text: All over the ship the ALIENS CHEER and CELEBRATE their victory.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND DECK
text: Jason and the others turn as the door opens and BETZALAR enters,
text: helped along by two alien CREWMEN. He is bandaged and has metal
text: casts on an arm and leg. Jason runs to him and helps him to the
text: Captain’s chair. They look at each other fondly.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Betzalar... You’re alive. Thank God.
text: Betzalar looks at Jason, the old twinkle back in his eyes. Then a
text: smile breaks out on his face, and he begins to LAUGH... Jason
text: stares at him with a bewildered smile.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wha- What are you laughing about?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: The ship is a model... As big as this!...
dialog: (holds his hands apart)
dialog: A very clever deception indeed!
text: He can’t contain his laughter. Jason exchanges a glance with
dialog: Gwen. These guys are believers to the end...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Set a course for home, Captain?
text: Jason turns to Tommy, astonished.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You can do that?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: It’s point and click. This thing practically
dialog: flies itself. We will have to go through that
dialog: black hole though.
text: He motions out the viewscreen at the swirling green spiral of a
text: BLACK HOLE...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Anybody have any objections?
text: The rest of the crew exchanges glances and shrugs. They're pretty
text: battle hardened by this point.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Let’s do it, Tommy.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Captain?... Call me Laredo?
speaker_heading: JASON
text: Mark 20 into the black hole, Laredo.
text: They ROAR forward, picking up speed, shooting straight into the
text: center of the black hole, the vibrations causing resonating
text: images, the hull CREAKING and GROANING under the strain and it
text: seems as if the ship is about to rip apart, then...
text: SILENCE... And everything turns REALLY strange. Bodies turn inside
text: out, molecules are scattered, bodies melt to the ground into
text: puddles, then resolve into their former selves... And then...
text: A loud EXPLOSION like a sonic BOOM as they are rocketed out the
text: other end. Planets roar past them like bullets.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: We're out!
text: They all exchange relieved smiles.
dialog: 108.
dialog: We're alive!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: We made it. Captain, we made it!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (solemn, too soft for anyone to
dialog: hear)
text: By Grabthar’s hammer, we live to tell the tale.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (0.S.)
dialog: Systems register functional.
dialog: (gleeful)
dialog: All systems are working, Captain.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: How fast are we going, Tommy?
text: Tommy looks at his controls. Needles literally a blur.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Pretty fast.
text: Jason turns to look at THE VIEWSCREEN - EARTH is visible now, and
text: they are HURTLING TOWARD IT FAST.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Jason, before we entered the black hole, my
dialog: instruments detected strange energy surge
text: emanating from Sarris’ ship similar to...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No time to worry about that, Alex. Tommy, let’s
dialog: get this thing slowed down... Gwen, see if you
dialog: can calculate the impact point. Guy, get down
dialog: to deck C and make sure the injured are
dialog: secured. Also let’s make sure-
text: He stops and turns as he notices the cabin door open... Standing
text: in the doorway is DUSTY... He smiles and walks into the room. His
text: manner is strange, somehow sinister... We notice a limp.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Dusty. what are you doing up here? You should
dialog: get ck downstairs until we-
text: But Dusty suddenly dees a very peculiar thing... He withdraws a
text: DISRUPTOR PISTOL from his belt, levels it at Jason. Jason smiles,
dialog: bewildered. Is this a bizarre joke?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Dusty?
text: DUSTY FIRES THE GUN. The blast hits Jason in the chest.
dialog: 109.
dialog: .
text: Everyone turns, they can’t believe their eyes. Jason looks at the
text: blood spreading on his chest. He takes a step forward, then
text: another, stumbling weakly toward Dusty. He grabs his collar and
text: looks into his hollow eyes a moment before collapsing to the
dialog: ground.
text: ...and as he goes, his hand hits a switch on the familiar box on
text: Dusty’s belt... We recognize it as APPEARANCE GENERATOR.
text: Dusty’s form flickers momentarily, then he TRANSFORMS into his
text: true identity... It’s SARRIS. Scarred, burned and bloody he looks
text: like the devil himself. He smiles, raising his gun again, and
text: begins FIRING...
text: Everything turns to SLOW MOTION as...
text: Tommy is hit. His body goes slumping over his console, pushing the
text: THRUST control full FORWARD. The ENGINES roar like a wounded
text: animal. Betzalar rises and tries to grab the gun, but Sarris
text: backhands him, sending him flying across the room. Betzalar’s two
text: CREWMEN wrestle with Sarris. One is shot, sent tumbling backwards.
text: Alexander and Guy run, SLOW MOTION to help the other crewman as he
dialog: struggles with Sarris...
text: On the ground, Jason’s eyes flicker at the carnage around him.
text: It’s like a nightmare, but all too horribly REAL. He tries to
dialog: rise, but he isn’t able...
text: Around him the bloodbath continues... Sarris FIRES wildly,
text: shooting Gwen as she tries to reach Jason. She falls, her body
text: sliding next to Jason.
text: Jason looks into her eyes as they dull to lifelessness. He YELLS
text: grief stricken... Then lifts himself up with herculean effort and
text: begins to drag himself toward the front of the room as...
text: Alexander, rushing Sarris, is HIT, clutching his neck... Guy
text: Manages to TACKLE Sarris, and he and the other alien wrestle with
text: Sarris, trying to get the gun away...
text: Alexander, fallen and life drifting away, looks over to see...
text: Jason, with supreme effort, pulling himself up on a console at the
text: front of the room...
text: Then Alex turns to see...
text: ---THE EARTH, HUGE, FILLING THE VIEWSCREEN and suddenly we're...
scene_heading: BACK IN REAL TIME
text: And everyone is JOLTED as the ship hits the atmosphere heading
text: STRAIGHT DOWN toward Earth at 20,000 miles an hour.
text: Suddenly Alexander, Guy, Betzalar and the remaining alien look up
text: at the sound of a voice...
speaker_heading: JASON (0.S.)
dialog: Betzalar...
dialog: 110,
text: They turn to see... JASON, swaying in the middle of the deck,
text: bloody, weak, barely alive, but STANDING.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: {about to pass out)
dialog: Activate... The Omega 13.
text: The survivors exchange expectant and terrified glances. Betzalar
text: quickly moves to a control panel and pushes down a familiar
dialog: crystalline ROD and...
scene_heading: THE ELABORATE MECHANISM, THE OMEGA 13, UNFOLDS IMPOSSIBLY FROM THE
text: FLOOR IN FRONT OF JASON. Its center is a spinning cyclotron of
text: energy. In front of Jason is a prominent LEVER.
text: Jason turns to the others... nods a respectful goodbye... and they
text: all watch in HORRIFIED ANTICIPATION as
text: ON THE VIEWSCREEN - the GROUND rushes toward us and just as we
text: hurdle into city PAVEMENT...
text: Jason pulls the switch.
text: BLINDING WHITE. And everything goes silent.
dialog: Silent...
dialog: Silent...
dialog: Silent...
text: Then, suddenly... A loud EXPLOSION like a sonic BOOM.
scene_heading: COMMAND DECK - 13 SECONDS EARLIER
text: Gwen, Alexander, Guy, and pommy are all alive - busy at their
text: stations as the Protector hurtles out of the black hole. Planets
text: roar past them like bullets. .
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: We're out!
text: They all exchange relieved smiles.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: We're alive!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: We made it. Captain, we made it!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (solemn, too soft for anyone to
dialog: hear)
text: By Grabthar’s hammer, we live to tell the tale.
text: Jason looks around, disoriented. It takes him a moment to
text: register what is happening. Everyone is alive. Everything is as
text: it was 13 seconds ago. He looks down at his chest... No wounds...
text: The OMEGA 13 is REAL.
dialog: lll.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (0.S.)
dialog: Systems register functional.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: All systems are working, Captain.
text: They look out to see ENTIRE GALAXIES whizzing by them at
text: incredible speed. Planets speed by like BULLETS.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: We're going pretty fast, Captain. Should I-
text: Jason starts walking quickly across the room, ignoring him.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason?
text: The EARTH fills the viewscreen.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Jason, we're going pretty damn fast!...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Jason?
text: But Jason just continues across the room, arriving at the entrance
text: hatch just as it OPENS and we only get a GLIMPSE of Dusty’s
text: smiling face before Jason buries his FIST in it. Jason pulls him
text: up and throws him across the room. As Dusty hits a control panel,
text: his appearance generator switch is triggered revealing him as
text: SARRIS. He lays there, unconscious.
text: Alexander, Gwen and the others stare, bewildered and amazed.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Everybody stay put. Tommy, slow this thing
dialog: down. Gwen-
text: Suddenly Sarris rises and pulls his guf, but is SMASHED square in
text: the face by a METAL CRUTCH. WE PAN TO
text: BETZALAR holding the crutch, with a supremely satisfied
text: expression. Jason moves past him with a nod... “I’1l take it from
text: here” and DIVES on Sarris... The two LOCK in combat...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Oh my god. Jason!...
text: On the viewscreen they are HURTLING straight into EARTH'S
speaker_heading: ATMOSPHERE.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Full reverse mark 10!
text: With Jason distracted, Sarris pulls his knife and is about to
text: IMPALE Jason when suddenly they HIT THE ATMOSPHERE... Sarris and
dialog: Jason go flying...
dialog: 1l2.
scene_heading: INT. BRANDON’S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Brandon’s MOM AND DAD lounge on the couch reading the LA TIMES. A
text: lazy Sunday afternoon. The TV is on in the background...
text: ON TV: Perky E! ENTERTAINMENT REPORTERS share the latest gossip.
text: In the corner of the screen, a particularly unflattering photo of
dialog: Jason as Captain Taggart.
speaker_heading: GOSSIP REPORTER
dialog: ..-Word has it that the actor who played 70’s
dialog: Captain Peter Quincy Taggart might be due for a
dialog: reality check on Earth. Sources report that
text: Jason Nesmith was rambling and incoherent when
dialog: he described a trip he'd made recently to outer
text: space. imploring his fellow actors to join
dialog: !... Jim Dapperson reports from the Galaxy
dialog: Con Science Fiction convention in Pasadena..
text: Cut to the REPORTER in front of the Convention center. A group of
text: GALAXY QUEST fans wave at the camera in the background
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Hi Marsha, it is the third day of the Galaxy
dialog: Con and maybe Jason Nesmith wasn't kidding
dialog: about his trip to space after all. He and the
text: other actors who comprised the GALAXY QUEST .
dialog: team are all no shows to the event, much to the
dialog: disappointment of the fans of the old GALAXY
text: QUEST show, known as QUESTOIDS.
speaker_heading: FANS BEHIND HIM
dialog: QUESTARIANS!...
text: He raises his microphone to a disappointed FAN dressed in a tough
dialog: warrior alien outfit.
speaker_heading: WARRIOR ALIEN
dialog: We just really feel let down. I mean, part of
dialog: the show is about sticking with your friends no
dialog: matter what... And... We just feel abandoned.
text: {wipes a tear from inside his
dialog: mask)
dialog: It's hard.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Do you think maybe... He’s in space?
speaker_heading: WARRIOR ALIEN
dialog: Are you mocking me?
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Heh heh... Molecularize me in, Marsha!...
text: Anchor Marsha does one of those entertainment anchor laugh/sighs.
text: Brandon’s parents, turn pages of their paper, not even watching
text: the TV... Then BRANDON enters in a rush, two boxes of July 4th
text: fireworks in his arms...
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Bye! Back soon!
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Wait, where are you going with those fireworks,
dialog: Brandon?
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: (fast, in one breath)
dialog: The Protector got super accelerated coming out
text: of the black hole and they’re trying to slow it
text: down but it just hit the atmosphere at Mark 15
dialog: which is pretty unstable of course so we're
dialog: going to ze down to 3rd street and help Laredo
dialog: guide it in with roman candles...
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Okay, Hon. Dinner at seven.
text: Brandon exits. Brandon's Dad gives Mom a glance.
speaker_heading: MOM
text: At least it’s outside.
text: On the television in the background, a NEWS REPORTER appears.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: We interrupt this broadcast to report that an
text: unidentified object has broken through the
dialog: Earth’s atmosphere... I repeat...
text: Mom and Dad flip pages, not aware of the TV at all.
scene_heading: HOLLYWOOD HILLS
text: Tourists are dumbfounded as THE PROTECTOR comes burning through
text: the atmosphere and over the Hollywood sign.
speaker_heading: DOWNTOWN” LA
text: Hundreds of people watch frozen as THE PROTECTOR comes hurtling
text: across the sky, delicately taking off the flashing tip of the
text: Bonaventure’s light tower.
speaker_heading: 134 FREEWAY
text: Traffic Jam on the 134. A woman in a convertible Jeep listens to
text: the radio, when suddenly the reception goes to static and we hear
text: the broadcasted CHATTER from the PROTECTOR over the airwaves.
speaker_heading: JASON (0.S.)
dialog: Hold course, Laredo!
speaker_heading: TOMMY (0.S.)
dialog: I’m trying Captain... Everything's a blur... 1
dialog: can’t see!
speaker_heading: GWEN (0.5.)
dialog: Tommy, look! Those lights... Like a runway!...
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: TOMMY (0.S.)
dialog: I see them! I see them!
scene_heading: 3RD STREET - PASADENA
text: BRANDON and his TEAM, along with a number of other HEROIC NERDS,
text: stand in their uniforms in a line on either side of 3rd street,
text: blebs of fire shooting from their roman candles...
dialog: WE PAN UP TO SEE...
text: THE PROTECTOR APPEARING over the horizon... And now we can see
dialog: its awesome scale in context... Gigantic and breathtaking. It
text: comes HURTLING over the tree-lined blvd. Cars DODGE and REVERSE
text: to get out of its way for blocks ahead.
text: It TOUCHES the ground right next to BRANDON -- who can actually
text: look in and SEE his heroes inside for an instant -- then skips
text: like a stone, sparks blazing...
text: Down the street it goes, sliding two hundred yards straight toward
text: a large recognizable building... The site of the Galaxy Con.
text: ..-Right toward the banner which reads “WELCOME SPACE
dialog: TRAVELLERS !”...
text: ...and CRASHES right into the side of the building.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION HALL
text: FANS RUN FOR THEIR LIVES as brick and plaster fly everywhere. The
text: ship teeters in a cloud of dust as it finally comes to rest,
text: halfway in and halfway out of the building, having demolished the
dialog: stage area...
text: Shocked silence. The fans... The sellers at their booths...
text: Everyone is frozen. The ANNOUNCER slowly rises from under his card
dialog: table...
text: Then we see the ship’s main hydraulic HATCH open... A RAMP lowers
text: to the ground and... A figure emerges... It’s TOMMY, looking
text: bruised and scarred and certainly the worse for wear.
text: The fans don’t know how to react.... In the silence Tommy looks
text: around the hall... Hundreds of faces look back at him. Then they
text: begin to APPLAUD. Tommy looks around, flabbergasted. Then - what
text: the hell - he waves.
text: Seeing this, the Announcer raises his microphone, hesitantly.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: ..-."Lt. Laredo”, Tommy Webber!
text: Then Gwen appears, helping Dusty down the ramp. He's limping, both
text: as beat up and war-torn as Tommy, the three stand together and
text: look out at the audience, shell-shocked.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: The beautiful Tawny Madison... GWEN DEMARCO
dialog: with Ship’s Tech Sergeant Chen, Dusty Kwan!
text: The fans applaud cheer and shout... Then Guy stumbles out, a cut
text: on his head, looking disoriented. He looks out at the cheering
text: fans... The announcer isn’t sure who he is..
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Uh... Another shipmate...
text: Guy stares out at the hundreds of faces, then a smile creeps
text: slowly onto his face.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I‘m alive... I'm-... I’m the plucky comic
dialog: relief! I’m the plucky comic relief!
text: His maniacal laughter is drowned out by the applause. Then
text: everyone's attention turns to...
text: A FLICKERING CREATURE coming down the ramp with Alexander helping
text: him. It is BETZALAR, his “appearance generator” on the blink, and
text: his entire body alternating ‘tween his human and alien form.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Dr. Lazarus of Tev’Mek, Sir Alexander Dane
dialog: and... a friend!
text: The crowd continues to go nuts.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Betzalar... Are you all right?
speaker_heading: BETZALAR
dialog: We'll be fine now, thanks to all of you...
text: The fans then look up, astonished to see glimpses of HUNDREDS more
text: of the aliens in the ship's portholes... Everything grows SILENT.
text: They can’t believe their eyes.
text: Then, suddenly as if all this weren't enough... There is a crash
dialog: and...
text: JASON EMERGES WITH SARRIS, THE TWO LOCKED IN MORTAL COMBAT. Sarris
text: is bigger and meaner, but Jason has the advantage. He quickly
text: overcomes Sarris, punching him again and again and again until
text: Sarris collapses to the ground unconscious.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Captain Peter Quincy Taggart... Jason Nesmith!
text: Jason, Gwen, Alexander, Dusty, Tommy and Guy stand there, shoulder
text: to shoulder, as the audience goes into a frenzy of applause...
dialog: Whether it’s real or not is no longer relevant to them. They're
text: just JUBILANT.
text: Jason look out and spots Brandon and his friends in the back of
dialog: the room...
dialog: 116.
text: With a look of true gratitude, Jason crosses his fists in the
text: traditional GALAXY QUEST gesture of respect, and Brandon returns
text: it, about to burst with pride...
text: Gwen turns to Alexander as the audience cheers...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: He always has to make the big entrance.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: By Grabthar’s Hammer, this is true.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SOMEWHERE - NIGHT
text: A cute little boy, no older than 6, lays on a carpet in front of
text: his television, swinging his legs and munching on a bowl of
dialog: popcorn.
text: On TV we see the opening to GALAXY QUEST, but now the effects are
text: modern, TV quality CGI and Jason and the others are their current
text: ages. The title comes up reading...
scene_heading: GALAXY QUEST, THE JOURNEY CONTINUES
text: And as the ship whizzes past and out to space, the little boy
text: raises his little fist in the air and shouts, a joyous sparkle in
dialog: his eyes...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Never give up. Never surrender!.... .
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
dialog: The End.
dialog: 
