scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING - DAY
text: Snow drifts across the bodies of the fallen dead. Eight
text: corpses lie frozen on the ground-- men, women, and children,
text: wearing heavy furs. The wind whips through their long hair.
text: At the edge of the clearing, WILL (20), a young ranger
text: dressed all in black, surveys the grim scene from the back of
text: his gelding. He gathers his reins and guides his horse south.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DUSK
text: Will rides hard between the towering pines, his horse’s
text: hooves kicking up fresh-fallen snow.
text: He comes to a halt and dismounts beside two tethered horses.
text: His comrades, GARED (50) and SER WAYMAR ROYCE (18), crouch
text: beside a stream, filling their skins with cold water. They
text: rise and look to the newcomer expectantly.
text: Ser Waymar is gray-eyed and graceful, with an aristocrat’s
text: air of command despite his youth. He wears a supple coat of
text: gleaming black ringmail and a lush sable cloak.
text: Will and Gared also wear the black of the Night’s Watch, but
text: their clothes are far less regal, their leather and fur
text: battered from hard usage. Gared wears a hood for warmth.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We should start back. They’re all
dialog: dead.
text: Gared offers Will his water skin and Will takes a drink.
speaker_heading: SER WAYMAR
dialog: Any blood?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Not that I saw.
speaker_heading: SER WAYMAR
dialog: How close did you get?
speaker_heading: WILL
text: Close enough to see they was dead.
speaker_heading: SER WAYMAR
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Or sleeping?
speaker_heading: GARED
dialog: If Will says they’re dead, they’re
dialog: dead. We should head back to the
dialog: Wall.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: SER WAYMAR
dialog: (with the hint of a smile)
dialog: Do the dead frighten you?
speaker_heading: GARED
dialog: Mormont said we should track ‘em.
dialog: We tracked ‘em. They won’t trouble
dialog: us no more.
speaker_heading: SER WAYMAR
dialog: You don’t think Mormont will ask us
dialog: how they died?
text: He walks toward his horse. Gared and Will exchange a troubled
dialog: glance.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY CAMP - NIGHT
text: Moonlight shines down on the clearing, the ashes of the
text: firepit, the snow-covered lean-to. If there were corpses on
text: the ground before, they’re gone now.
text: The three riders enter the camp. Their horses seem spooked,
text: as if they smell a predator nearby.
speaker_heading: SER WAYMAR
dialog: Your dead men seem to have moved
dialog: camp.
text: Will looks around, confused. He knows what he saw.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: They were here...
text: Spotting something shimmering on the ground near the firepit,
text: he walks his horse closer, dismounts and looks down.
text: Lying at his feet is the hilt of a steel longsword. The blade
text: has been shattered into a thousand shards.
text: Will stares at the shattered sword. He knows what this means;
text: the dread on his face is unmistakable.
text: From his horse, Gared looks at the ground. The indentations
text: where the bodies once lay are still visible-- as are the
text: faint but unmistakable footprints leading away from them.
speaker_heading: GARED
dialog: We have to move. Now.
text: He is interrupted by a neigh. Will’s horse, riderless and
text: panicked, bolts from the camp site.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
text: Ser Waymar’s horse rears back on its hind legs, throwing its
text: rider to the ground before galloping after the first horse.
text: Gared struggles to keep his own horse under control. Ser
text: Waymar stands unsteadily, brushing the snow from his cloak.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Gods...
text: He’s staring into the darkness at the edge of the clearing.
text: Ser Waymar turns to see what the young tracker sees: a shadow
text: emerging from the forest.
text: A figure steps into the moonlight, tall and gaunt, with flesh
text: pale as milk. It slides toward the rangers on silent feet.
text: Its armor appears to be carved from ice. Its sword is
text: translucent, a shard of crystal so thin it almost seems to
text: vanish when seen edge-on.
text: Ser Waymar’s voice cracks like a boy’s:
speaker_heading: SER WAYMAR
dialog: Stay where you are!
text: The OTHER keeps coming. Ser Waymar draws his sword with
text: trembling hands. Will, standing near the fire pit, and Gared,
text: still on horseback, draw their own swords.
text: The Other halts. For the first time we see its eyes, bluer
text: than any human eyes, a blue that burns like ice.
text: They emerge silently from the shadows, on all sides of the
dialog: clearing. Five of them... six... seven... their strange
text: swords shimmering in the moonlight.
text: Gared can no longer control his panicked horse; it bolts from
text: the clearing, ignoring its rider’s commands.
text: The Others watch Gared flee. They turn back to Ser Waymar and
text: Will and begin to advance on the young men.
text: As the circle closes, the Others speak to each other in a
text: language we’ve never heard, with voices like cracking ice.
text: Waymar and Will stand together, class distinctions forgotten,
text: two boys about to die. They steady their sword hands and
text: mutter quick prayers as the Others descend upon them.
speaker_heading: CREDIT SEQUENCE
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
text: CLOSE on a pair of ancient, gnarled hands writing a message
text: on a small parchment scroll. The old man (we never see his
text: face) tightly rolls the scroll, binds it with a black ribbon,
text: and ties it with a leather strip to the leg of a BLACK RAVEN.
text: The old man lifts the raven off his desk; it flaps its dark
text: wings and flies out of the open chamber window.
text: The raven flies away from Castle Black, a large and ancient
text: fortress dwarfed by what lies behind it: the Wall. Older than
text: history, this is the 800-foot-high barrier of ice and stone
text: that guards the northern edge of the Seven Kingdoms.
text: As the raven gains altitude, the landscape below it
text: TRANSFORMS into a map of Westeros. The Wall is revealed to
text: cross the entire continent, a boundary between the Haunted
text: Forest to the north and the civilized lands to the south.
text: The raven flies south over the map, on which the cities,
dialog: regions and features of the land are named: Winterfell, the
text: Kingsroad, Moat Cailin, the Riverlands, the Vale of Arryn.
text: Occasionally the bird dips down, and the map resolves back
text: into reality for just long enough to give us a view of some
text: points of interest: Winterfell’s old stone towers, full of
text: cold beauty. The foreboding Eyrie castle high atop the Vale
text: of Arryn, a feat of montane architecture that would have been
dialog: impossible for medieval engineers.
text: When the raven reaches King’s Landing, the map resolves back
text: into reality as the bird drops down into the dirty sprawl of
dialog: the capital.
text: The raven flies through the open gates of the Red Keep, a
text: massive compound with red walls the color of blood. The bird
text: flies through an open window into the throne room, to land on
text: the Iron Throne itself-- a throne built from the hammered
text: swords of a thousand defeated enemies.
text: The raven pecks at its wings, cleaning itself after the long
text: journey, alone in the empty throne room.
scene_heading: END CREDIT SEQUENCE
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - DAY
text: LORD EDDARD “NED” STARK (40) sits on his motionless horse,
text: his long brown hair stirring in the wind. His closely-trimmed
text: beard is shot with white. He has spent half his life training
text: for war and the other half waging it, and his face conveys
text: both authority and a haunted sadness.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
text: He is accompanied by a dozen members of the HOUSEHOLD GUARD,
text: all on horseback. Over their heads flaps the Stark banner: a
text: gray direwolf racing across an ice-white field.
text: South of the Wall the grass is still green and the sun is
text: shining, but the air is cold enough to cloud the breath of
text: four guardsmen as they escort Gared toward the stump of a
text: massive oak tree.
text: Weeks have passed since we saw the ranger but he seems to
text: have aged years, his eyes bloodshot and weary, his face
text: haggard, his clothes filthy and torn.
text: Ned’s sons, JON SNOW (17), ROBB STARK (17) and BRAN STARK (8)
text: sit on their own horses (a small pony in Bran’s case).
text: Jon is slender, darker than his half-brothers, his eyes black
text: and watchful.
text: Robb is big and broad, with fair skin and reddish-brown hair.
text: Bran sits very still, watching the doomed man. He has never
text: seen an execution before. The prospect of it terrifies him,
text: but he tries hard to imitate his father’s solemn expression.
text: The Guardsmen force Gared’s head onto the stump. Ned
text: dismounts.
text: His ward, THEON GREYJOY (19), hands over Ned’s sword: Ice, a
text: beautiful weapon, centuries old. Theon is the only man in the
text: party wearing a kraken sigil instead of a dire wolf.
text: Ned peels off his gloves and hands them to JORY CASSEL (30s),
text: a bull-necked warrior with a heavy mustache.
text: Ned walks to the stump. He speaks in low tones to Gared, who
text: responds. We watch this exchange from the boys’ perspective.
text: Gared’s final words clearly trouble Ned, who studies the
text: condemned man’s face, judging his honesty.
text: Bran watches from afar, his head slightly cocked, trying to
text: make out what Gared is saying.
text: There is a great weariness in Ned’s eyes as he places both
text: hands on the hilt of his greatsword.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: In the name of Robert of the House
dialog: Baratheon, the First of his Name--
text: As Ned delivers the formal sentence to the condemned man, Jon
text: Snow moves closer to Bran.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: JON SNOW NED (0.S.)
dialog: (whisper) King of the Andals and the
dialog: Keep the pony in hand. And First Men, Lord of the Seven
dialog: don’t look away. Father will Kingdoms and Protector of the
dialog: know if you do. Realm--
text: Bran keeps his pony well in hand and does not look away.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I, Eddard of the House Stark, Lord
dialog: of Winterfell and Warden of the
dialog: North, sentence you to die.
text: Ned lifts Ice high above his head and brings it down.
text: Blood sprays the swaying grass.
text: Gared’s head topples off the stump, bounces off a root, and
text: rolls. When Ned’s back is turned, Theon put his boot on the
text: head, kicks it away and laughs.
text: Jon watches this with disgust but says nothing. He turns and
text: grips Bran’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: JON SNOW
dialog: You did well.
text: It’s only three words, but compliments are hard to come by in
text: the Stark house. Bran is proud to be treated like a man, but
text: he cannot look away from the head lying in the tall grass.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY
text: Bran rides with his brothers, his hard-working pony trying to
dialog: keep up with the bigger horses.
speaker_heading: JON SNOW
dialog: I thought he was brave.
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: Brave? He was dead of fear. You
text: could see it in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JON SNOW
dialog: What would be in your eyes with
dialog: your head on the stump? He died
dialog: well. Give him that much.
text: Robb considers the point for a moment and shrugs, already
dialog: losing interest in the subject.
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: Race you to the bridge?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
text: Jon rolls his eyes as if he’s beyond such juvenile games--
text: then, without warning, he spurs his horse and gains a good
text: head start. Robb curses and follows. They gallop off down the
text: trail, Robb laughing and hooting, Jon silent.
text: Bran’s pony can’t compete in that race, so he follows slowly
text: behind, craning his neck to see if he can spot the winner.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You understand why I did it?
text: Bran turns in his saddle, startled. On his great warhorse,
text: Ned looms above him like a giant. Bran nods to his father.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: Jon said he was a deserter. He was
dialog: in the Night’s Watch and he ran
dialog: away.
text: Even when speaking with his son, Ned constantly surveys his
text: surroundings, aware of his men’s positions, the possible
text: sites for an ambush, the angle of the sun.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: True enough, but do you understand
dialog: why I had to kill him?
text: Bran thinks about this for a few seconds, confused.
speaker_heading: BRAN
text: King Robert has a headsman.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He does. As did the Targaryen kings
text: before him.
text: Ned reaches out to grab the pommel on Bran’s saddle. He
text: forces the horse and pony to walk very close.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Our way is the old way. The man who
dialog: passes the sentence should swing
dialog: the sword.
text: Bran stares at the massive sword sheathed at Ned’s hip.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: Is it true he saw the Others?
text: Ned stares at his son for a long beat.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You heard that?
dialog: (off Bran’s nod)
dialog: The Others have been gone for eight
dialog: thousand years.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: So he was lying?
speaker_heading: NED
text: He believed it. A madman sees what
text: he sees.
text: They’re interrupted by the sound of hooves; Jon reappears on
text: the crest of the hill before them, waving urgently.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Over here!
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - DAY
text: Ned’s party reaches the riverbank. Jon has dismounted beside
text: Robb, who cradles something in his arm.
text: Bran and Ned stay back with the rest of their party as Jory
text: and Theon approach the older boys.
text: When he sees what lies on the ground beside Robb, Theon
text: curses and pulls his horse away. Jory does the same and yells
dialog: to the boys:
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: Get away from it!
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: She can’t hurt you. She’s dead.
text: Burning with curiosity, Bran spurs his pony to keep up with
text: Ned as they approach the others, who are all dismounting.
speaker_heading: THEON
dialog: What in hell is it?
text: Bran finally gets close enough to see.
speaker_heading: ROBB
text: A wolf.
text: The dead wolf is impossibly huge, bigger than Bran’s pony.
text: Its blind eyes crawl with maggots.
speaker_heading: THEON
dialog: It’s a freak.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: No. That’s a direwolf.
text: Ned kneels beside the wolf. Groping under the beast’s head,
text: he gives a yank and comes up with a foot of shattered antler,
text: slick with half-dried blood.
speaker_heading: THEON
dialog: There hasn't been a direwolf south
dialog: of the Wall for two hundred years.
text: Jon looks at the bundle beneath Robb’s arm and grins:
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Well... now there are five.
text: When Bran sees what everyone is staring at his eyes widen. He
text: moves in to get a closer look at the direwolf pup-- a tiny
text: ball of gray-black fur, eyes still closed, nuzzling blindly
text: against Robb’s chest, whimpering.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: Tough old beast, wasn’t she?
text: Birthing a litter with an antler in
text: her throat.
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: (to Bran)
dialog: Go on. You can touch him.
text: Bran gives the pup a quick, nervous stroke. As he turns:
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Here you go.
text: Jon thrusts another pup into Bran’s arms. Overjoyed, Bran
text: plops down in the snow and rubs the wolf pup’s soft fur
text: against his cheek.
text: Ned picks up two more helpless pups, one in each hand. Jon
text: picks up the fifth.
text: HULLEN (40s), the horse master, frowns at this ill omen.
speaker_heading: HULLEN
text: Direwolves loose in the realm.
speaker_heading: THEON
dialog: Not for long.
text: Theon draws his sword and reaches for Bran’s pup.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: THEON
dialog: Give it here.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: No! It’s mine!
text: Robb speaks to Theon in a commanding tone.
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: Put your sword away. We’re keeping
dialog: them.
text: Theon bristles at the command.
speaker_heading: THEON
dialog: I take orders from your father, not
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: HULLEN
dialog: It’'ll be a mercy to kill them.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: No!
text: Bran looks to Ned for support, but finds none.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Better a quick death. They won’t
dialog: last without their mother.
speaker_heading: JON
text: Lord Stark... There are five pups.
text: Three male, two female.
dialog: (off Ned’s curiosity)
dialog: You have five trueborn children.
dialog: Three sons, two daughters. The
dialog: direwolf is the sigil of your
dialog: House.
text: Everyone looks to the Stark banners, with their direwolf
text: crest-of-arms. We see their opinions about the pups change,
text: as they come to understand the import of this omen.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Your children were meant to have
dialog: these pups.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: I am not a Stark, my Lord.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 11.
text: Ned weighs the situation for a moment in silence.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You will feed them yourselves. And
dialog: train them yourselves.
text: Bran nods eagerly. Robb nods as well.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: They may die anyway, despite all
dialog: you do.
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: They won’t. We won’t let them.
text: The decision made, people start to remount their horses.
text: Bran tugs gratefully on Jon’s sleeve. Jon smiles at him, but
text: beneath his smile there is a trace of sadness.
text: Jon is about to climb onto his horse when he hears a distant
text: whimpering. Leaving the horse behind, he ranges into a snow
text: drift, and scans the ground until he finds the source:
text: A sixth wolf pup, with white fur. Unlike the others, its eyes
text: are blood-red and open, and it is completely silent. Jon
text: picks it up.
text: Theon scoffs.
speaker_heading: THEON
text: An albino. It’1l die even faster
dialog: than the others.
text: Jon ignores Theon. He stares into the pup’s eyes and the pup
text: stares back.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: This one belongs to me.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - SUNSET
text: DAENERYS (15) stands by the window, staring out at the bay of
text: Pentos, where shirtless FISHERMEN haul nets full of wriggling
text: fish from their boats onto the docks. The setting sun
text: silhouettes the brick towers of the Free City; intricate and
text: colorful geometric patterns decorate their bulbous domes.
text: Daenerys is a beautiful girl but nobody has bothered to tell
text: her. She is awkward in her own skin, unaware of how rare her
text: violet eyes and lush silver hair really are.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: VISERYS (0.S.)
dialog: Where’s my sweet sister?
text: VISERYS (20) steps into the room, a gaunt young man with
text: nervous hands and a feverish look in his pale eyes. He holds
text: a lilac gown in his hands.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: A gift from Illyrio. Touch it. Go
dialog: on. Feel the fabric.
text: Dany lets the delicate silk run through her fingers. It is a
text: gorgeous gown but the sight of it gives her no pleasure.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Tonight you must look like a
dialog: princess.
text: Daenerys hands the gown back to her brother.
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: He gives us so much... we’ve been
dialog: his guests for a year and he’s
dialog: never asked for anything.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Illyrio’s no fool. He knows I won't
dialog: forget my friends when I come into
dialog: my throne.
text: He hangs the gown from a hook beside the door.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: I’ll send the slaves in to bathe
dialog: you. Be sure you wash off that
text: stable stink.
text: He studies her critically.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: You still slouch.
text: He pushes back her shoulders.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Let them see you have a woman’s
text: body now.
text: His fingers brush lightly over her breasts, judging their
text: shape beneath the rough fabric of her tunic.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Don’t fail me tonight. You don’t
dialog: want to wake the dragon, do you?
text: His fingers tighten over one of her nipples, pinching. He's
text: hurting her but Daenerys does not resist or open her mouth.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Good.
text: He smiles, releasing her, brushing back her hair with
dialog: something like affection.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: When they write the history of my
dialog: reign, they will say it began
dialog: tonight.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF PENTOS - NIGHT
text: A dozen STRONG MEN carry a palanquin through the pitch-black
text: streets of Pentos. Two SERVANTS walk in front, holding oil
text: lanterns to light the way.
scene_heading: INT. PALANQUIN - NIGHT
text: Inside the curtained litter, Daenerys, Viserys and MAGISTER
text: ILLYRIO recline on soft pillows. Daenerys wears the lilac
text: gown. Her makeup has been artfully applied but somehow she
text: looks even younger than before. She seems terribly nervous.
text: Illyrio (50) is tremendously fat, but he carries himself with
text: a certain elegance. He smiles at Daenerys, takes the girl’s
text: hand and gives her a comforting squeeze.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: (to Viserys)
dialog: She is a vision, your Grace. Drogo
dialog: will be impressed.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: She’s too skinny. Are you sure he
dialog: likes his women this young?
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: She’s had her blood, she’s old
dialog: enough. Look at her!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO (cont'd)
dialog: Highest of the highborn, daughter
dialog: of the past king, sister to the
dialog: future king... he’1ll want her.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: I suppose. The savages have queer
dialog: tastes. Boys, horses, sheep...
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: Best not suggest this to Khal
dialog: Drogo.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Do you take me for a fool?
text: Magister Illyrio gives a slight bow.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: I take you for a king. Kings lack
dialog: the caution of common men. My
dialog: apologies if I have given offense.
text: He claps his hands and a SLAVE BOY wearing a brass collar,
text: crouched in the corner of the litter, hurries over to refill
text: Illyrio’s wine glass.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: I know how to play a man like
dialog: Drogo. I give him status--
dialog: (modding at Dany)
dialog: -- and he gives me an army.
text: His fingers toy with the hilt of his sheathed sword.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: I could sweep the Seven Kingdoms
dialog: with ten thousand Dothraki
text: screamers behind me. The people
dialog: will be with us. They cry out for
dialog: their true king.
text: Viserys pauses and gives Illyrio an anxious look.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: They do, don’t they?
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: (an amiable salesman)
dialog: All across the Kingdoms, men lift
dialog: secret toasts to your health. Their
text: women sew dragon banners in hope of
dialog: your return from across the water.
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Or so my agents tell me.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 15.
text: Daenerys, who has watched Illyrio throughout his speech,
text: turns away. She keeps her own counsel, but it’s clear the
text: words that so inspire Viserys do not impress her.
scene_heading: EXT. DOTHRAKI ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: A great field outside the city walls of Pentos, ringed by
text: hundreds of the distinctive, round Dothraki tents.
text: The moon and burning torches light the milling guests. Many
text: are DOTHRAKI HORSELORDS, big men, their black hair oiled and
text: braided and hung with silver bells. No women are present.
text: A smooth-cheeked EUNUCH announces the newcomers:
speaker_heading: EUNUCH
dialog: Viserys of the House Targaryen, the
dialog: Third of his Name. King of the
dialog: Andals and the First Men, Lord of
dialog: the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of
dialog: the Realm. His sister Daenerys
text: Stormborn, Princess of Dragonstone.
dialog: His honorable host, Illyrio
dialog: Mopatis, Magister of the Free City
dialog: of Pentos.
text: The three honored guests step into the clearing. Illyrio
text: guides them, pointing out various luminaries.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: Those three are Drogo’s
dialog: bloodriders.
text: The BLOODRIDERS, fearsome Dothraki warriors, stare back at
text: Daenerys. She quickly averts her eyes.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: Over there is Ser Jorah Mormont.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: A knight? What’s he doing here?
text: SER JORAH is past forty and balding, but still strong and
text: fit. When he sees the Targaryens staring at him he bows
text: deeply. Viserys gives a slight nod, pleased by the obeisance.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: King Robert-
dialog: (correcting himself)
dialog: -the Usurper wanted his head. Some
text: trifling affront. Sold poachers to
dialog: a slaver.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: He could be useful.
text: Illyrio places his hand on Daenerys’ bare shoulder.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: Over there, sweet princess. There
dialog: is the Khal himself.
text: KHAL DROGO (30) is the tallest man in the courtyard, but
text: despite his size and musculature, he has the grace of a
text: panther. His black hair is woven into a single braid, hung
text: with silver bells, that swings below his belt.
text: Illyrio walks over to the Khal (a dozen yards away). Viserys
text: leans closer to his sister, never taking his eyes off Drogo.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: You see how long his hair is? When
text: Dothraki are defeated in combat,
text: they cut off their braids in
dialog: disgrace, so the world will know
dialog: their shame. Khal Drogo has never
text: been defeated. A savage, of course,
dialog: but one of the finest killers
dialog: alive. And you will be his queen.
text: Daenerys stares at the Khal. The man’s face is hard and
text: cruel, his eyes dark as onyx as he watches Illyrio perform
dialog: his submissions.
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: (her voice small and thin)
dialog: I don’t want to be his queen.
dialog: Please, please, I don’t want to, I
dialog: want to go home.
text: Viserys maintains a mask of politeness and keeps his voice
text: low, but there is fury behind his eyes.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Home? How do we go home? They took
dialog: it from us.
text: He grabs her arm and drags her into the shadows, his
text: fingernails digging into her.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: How do we go home?
text: Tears well in her eyes.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: I do. We go home with an army. With
text: Khal Drogo’s army.
text: He brushes her cheek with the back of his hand and speaks to
text: her with real tenderness.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: I’d let his whole khalasar fuck
dialog: you, all forty thousand men and
dialog: their horses too, if that’s what it
dialog: took. Come, dry your eyes.
text: Dany wipes away the unfallen tears. Illyrio, all smiles and
text: bows, escorts Khal Drogo toward them.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: (nervous whisper)
dialog: Smile. And stand up straight. Let
dialog: him see that you have breasts. Gods
dialog: know, they’re small enough as is.
text: Dany smiles and stands up straight.
scene_heading: EXT. KING’S LANDING - DAY
text: The walled city of King’s Landing, capital of Westeros. The
text: royal castle, the Red Keep, built of red sandstone, perches
text: on the cliffs above Blackwater Bay. The seven-towered Great
text: Sept of Baelor rises on the south edge of the city. In
text: between sprawls the fetid slum called Flea Bottom.
text: We PULL IN closer to the Red Keep, to a window near the top
dialog: of the Tower of the Hand.
scene_heading: INT. BEDCHAMBER - DAY
text: JON ARRYN (60s), cold and still, lies on his deathbed.
text: Two SILENT SISTERS, veiled adherents to the Faith of the
text: Seven, fold his hands across his chest and close his eyelids.
text: GRAND MAESTER PYCELLE (70s) stands beside them. He wears a
text: heavy chain around his neck, each link forged with a
dialog: different metal.
text: Beside him is QUEEN CERSEI (30s). Green-eyed and golden-
text: haired, the queen’s beauty has already become legend. Both
text: look down at Jon Arryn.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: PYCELLE
dialog: I gave him milk of the poppy at the
dialog: end. To ease his path.
text: Cersei touches the old Maester’s arm in thanks.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: We are blessed to have a man of
dialog: your wisdom caring for us.
dialog: The old Maester is not too old to appreciate a little
text: flattery, or the touch of a beautiful woman.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
text: He was peaceful, in his final
dialog: hours?
speaker_heading: PYCELLE
dialog: Mostly he slept, my Grace. Though
text: he had moments of clarity.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: Did he? What did he say, in these
dialog: moments of clarity?
speaker_heading: PYCELLE
dialog: He asked to see the King--
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: Robert will never forgive himself
dialog: for not being here. These hunts of
text: his last longer and longer.
speaker_heading: PYCELLE
dialog: And he asked to see Lord Stark.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: A shame Lord Stark is a thousand
dialog: leagues away. That was all?
speaker_heading: PYCELLE
dialog: Yes... No. There was a phrase, one
dialog: phrase he kept repeating. “The seed
dialog: is strong.”
text: Cersei focuses her green eyes on the Maester.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: The seed is strong? What does that
dialog: mean?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: PYCELLE
dialog: (shrugs )
text: The dying mind is a demented mind.
dialog: For all the weight they’re given,
dialog: last words usually have as much
dialog: significance as first words.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: Where is the Hand’s wife?
speaker_heading: PYCELLE
dialog: Lady Arryn left the moment he
dialog: breathed his last.
text: Cersei turns and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: Send a raven to Casterly Rock. My
dialog: father should know Jon Arryn is
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: PYCELLE
dialog: At once, my Grace.
text: Cersei exits the bedchamber. Pycelle watches the Sisters
text: perform their ritual ablutions, imagining, perhaps, the not-
text: too-distant day when they will minister to his own corpse.
scene_heading: EXT. FLEA BOTTOM - NIGHT
text: The most dangerous neighborhood in the kingdom. DRUNKS spill
text: out of doorways of taverns lit with oil lamps, singing:
speaker_heading: DRUNKS
text: She kicked and wailed, the maid so
dialog: fair, but he licked the honey from
dialog: her hair, her hair! Her hair!
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL - NIGHT
text: Outside we hear the sounds of rough laughter and singing. The
text: room is expensively appointed in silks, damasks and gilded
text: ornaments, but its garishness betrays its true nature.
text: That, and the naked REDHEADED WHORE on her knees beside the
text: bed. She bestows oral favors upon TYRION LANNISTER, a dwarf
text: with mismatched eyes: one green, one black.
text: Tyrion’s hands grip her hair as he shudders. Bells begin to
text: ring outside, thousands of them, great pealing bells from all
text: across the city.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 20.
text: The Redhead, finished with her work, wipes her mouth with the
text: back of her hand.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Who they ringing the bells for?
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: The King’s Hand died this morning.
text: Tyrion grabs a goblet of wine from the bedside table. He
text: swigs and passes it to the whore. She raises it in toast.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Here’s to Jon Arryn, then. He was
dialog: the only one of you lot who cared
dialog: about the smallfolk.
text: She drinks deeply, sloshing the wine around her mouth.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: I care about the smallfolk.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Only the ones with good tits. Who's
dialog: Robert picking for a new Hand?
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: If he’s smart, my father.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: And if he’s not smart?
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: If the King is not smart? Milady,
dialog: these are treasonous words...
text: He clamps his palms on the back of her head and guides her
text: back toward his crotch.
text: The Redhead laughs, disbelieving.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: No chance you're ready again.
text: He takes the goblet from her, downs the remainder, and tosses
text: it across the room.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: The gods gave me one blessing.
text: The Redhead grins and pushes her hair away from her face as
text: she dips down for further service.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 21.
text: Just as Tyrion closes his eyes the door swings open. SER
text: JAIME LANNISTER (30s), the Queen’s twin brother, stands in
text: the doorway.
dialog: Considered by many the best-looking man in the Seven
text: Kingdoms, there is a hint of savagery behind his green eyes.
text: He smiles as the Redhead, flustered, covers her breasts.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Don’t get up.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Forgive me, my lord...
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: Should I explain to you, dear
dialog: brother, the meaning of a closed
dialog: door in a whorehouse?
text: Jaime continues to favor the redhead with his lazy grin,
text: fucking her with his eyes as he speaks with his brother.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: You have much to teach me, no
dialog: doubt, but in this instance perhaps
dialog: you'll forgive the interruption.
dialog: You told me once that you wanted to
dialog: see the North. I didn’t want you to
dialog: miss your chance.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: Who’s going North?
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: We are. The royal “we.” The King.
dialog: The Queen. Me. You, if you can find
dialog: your pants.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Well, I’m used to it, but the rest
dialog: of the court might be frightened by
dialog: the sight of your wet little
dialog: dagger.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Why are we going north?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: The King has chosen his Hand. And
dialog: no one’s going to be happy about
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. WINTERFELL GATES - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Winterfell, the stronghold and ancestral home of House Stark,
text: is an ancient and austere place. Many acres lie within its
text: two concentric granite walls; its keeps and towers stretch
text: toward the gray skies above.
text: A RAVEN flies into view, heading toward the stronghold with a
text: small parchment scroll dangling from its leg.
text: We follow the black bird as it glides over the Winterfell
text: walls, banks over the main courtyard, and comes to rest on
dialog: the windowsill of
scene_heading: INT. MAESTER LUWIN’S CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
text: The raven jumps from its windowsill perch onto the arm of
text: MAESTER LUWIN (75). He is a small, gray man: gray eyes, gray
text: hair, gray wool robe. A heavy chain lies around his neck,
text: much like Maester Pycelle’s.
text: The Maester removes the scroll from the raven’s leg and opens
text: it. His face darkens as he reads.
scene_heading: EXT. GODSWOOD - DUSK
text: A thousand years of humus lie thick upon the forest floor,
text: swallowing the sound of a woman’s feet as she walks.
text: LADY CATELYN STARK (35), Ned’s auburn-haired, blue-eyed wife,
text: makes her way among the dark tree trunks, their twisted
text: branches weaving a dense canopy over her head. In her hand,
text: she holds the small parchment scroll from the above scene.
text: She reaches a small grove at the center of the wood, where an
text: ancient weirwood tree broods over a small, black pool.
text: Looking like no tree on Earth, the weirwood’s bark is bone
text: white, its leaves dark red. Long, long ago, a melancholy face
text: was carved into its trunk; its deep-cut eyes are red with
text: dried sap. They seem to follow her as she rounds the tree.
text: Seated on a moss-covered stone on the other side of the tree,
text: Ned rests his sword, Ice, across his knees as he cleans it
text: with a cloth dipped in the black waters at his feet.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: I knew I'd find you here.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 23.
text: He lifts his head to look at her. He sees her shivering and
text: hands her his cloak, which she wraps around herself before
text: sitting on the forest floor.
text: He registers her somber face, and the scroll in her hand. He
text: stops cleaning his sword.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: Forgive me, my lord... there was a
dialog: raven from King’s Landing. Jon
text: Arryn is dead.
text: Ned looks at the wet sword, lying flat across his lap.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: CATELYN
text: A fever took him. He was healthy at
text: the full moon and gone by the half.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Your sister, the boy...?
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: The letter said they’re well.
text: Ned looks more angry than grief-stricken. He dries his sword
text: with a swatch of oiled leather.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: He loved you very much.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I haven’t seen him in how long,
dialog: nine years?
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: You couldn't have known--
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Of course I could have known. He
dialog: was an old man. Every year he asked
dialog: me to visit and every year I told
dialog: him, “Next year.”
text: He sheathes the blade. Catelyn reaches for his hand. For a
text: moment they are silent.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: The girls won’t remember him. Bran
dialog: never even met him.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: You’11 tell them the stories.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Old Jon would have been proud of
dialog: Bran. He was a brave boy at the
text: beheading.
text: Catelyn is troubled by the thought. She releases his hand.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: Eight is too young to see such
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Should I tell you about the things
dialog: I saw before I was eight?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He won’t be a child forever. And
text: winter is coming.
text: The words disturb Catelyn but she keeps her silence.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: His brothers helped him. Especially
dialog: Jon.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: Jon Snow is his half-brother. My
dialog: lord.
text: Ned notes his wife’s tone but says nothing. This isn’t a
text: fight he needs right now. Catelyn, realizing she has broached
text: the wrong topic at the wrong time, changes the subject.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: The raven brought more news. The
text: king rides for Winterfell.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Along with the queen and her
dialog: brothers.
text: Ned considers this prospect for a moment. Clearly Catelyn
text: already has. They both know what it means.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He hates the cold. Always has. If
dialog: he comes this far north, it’s one
dialog: thing he’s after.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: You can always say No.
text: Ned allows a grim smile, taking his wife’s hand and helping
text: her to her feet.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You don’t know the king very well.
scene_heading: EXT. WINTERFELL GATES - DAY
text: From the stronghold’s gates, the King’s Road wends its way to
text: the horizon -- where tiny specks of red and gold appear,
text: barely visible. Very slowly, they grow larger.
text: The king’s party approaches.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER - DAY
text: Bran climbs down the side of the tower, his hands and feet
text: finding purchase on its jutting stones with a monkey’s
text: unthinking agility.
dialog: Climbing is as natural to him as studying is onerous. He
text: smiles as he makes his way toward the ground in record time,
dialog: very pleased with himself--
text: Until his mother yanks him off the stones. Catelyn lowers him
text: to the ground and sternly waits for an explanation.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: I was... I was...
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: You were bored with your lesson so
dialog: you decided to climb the castle
dialog: walls, even though I’ve forbidden
dialog: it two hundred times.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: I--
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: Brandon... I want you to promise
dialog: me: No more climbing. Promise.
text: Bran looks at his feet before gazing up at her solemnly.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: I promise.
text: Catelyn leans over to look her son dead in the eye.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: You know what?
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: You always look at your feet before
dialog: you lie.
text: Despite Bran’s best efforts, his mouth stretches into a
text: smile, and a chuffing laugh escapes from behind it.
text: Catelyn smiles, unable to help herself. She sees that his
text: hands, clothes and bare feet are filthy from the climb down.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: Go on, clean yourself up. The king
dialog: will be here soon.
text: Bran kisses his mother on the cheek and runs off.
scene_heading: EXT. WINTERFELL GATES - DAY
text: The king’s party pours through the gates of Winterfell ina
text: river of gold, silver and steel, one hundred strong.
text: Over their heads, a dozen golden banners whip in the wind,
text: emblazoned with the crowned stag of the House Baratheon.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERFELL - COURTYARD - DAY
text: At the far end of the yard, Ned’s face betrays nothing as he
text: watches the King’s party approach with his family beside him.
text: Catelyn, Robb, Jon and Bran are here, as are SANSA (13),
text: traditionally beautiful, with high cheekbones and thick red
text: hair; ARYA (11), a skinny tomboy; and their little brother
speaker_heading: RICKON (3).
text: Ser Jaime rides through the gate and into the courtyard.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: (whispering to Jon)
dialog: Is that the king?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: That’s Jaime Lannister. The
dialog: Kingslayer.
text: Bran can’t take his eyes off the man. He’s heard the stories.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 27.
text: Tyrion Lannister rides behind his brother Jaime, studying the
text: castle and its occupants, missing nothing.
text: JOFFREY BARATHEON (13), the crown prince, tall for his age,
text: and haughty. Beside him:
text: SANDOR CLEGANE (35), “The Hound,” Joffrey’s bodyguard.
text: Terrible burn scars cover half his face.
text: A huge man approaches, flanked by knights in snow-white
text: cloaks. A black beard covers his double chin, but nothing can
text: hide the belly that threatens to burst his doublet’s buttons.
text: This is KING ROBERT BARATHEON (40s). He vaults from his
text: warhorse and gives Ned an imperious once-over.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You've gotten fat.
text: Ned tries to maintain his stony decorum, but it’s hopeless.
text: For the first time, we see him laugh -- and it becomes clear
text: that Ned and the King are actually old friends.
text: Robert joins in, engulfing him in a bone-crunching hug. He
text: finally releases Ned, who takes a moment to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Nine years! Why haven’t I seen you?
dialog: Where the hell have you been?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Guarding the north for you, your
dialog: Grace. Winterfell is yours.
text: As the king’s party dismounts, an ornate wheelhouse pulls
text: into their midst. QUEEN CERSEI LANNISTER (32) emerges with
text: her younger children, TOMMEN (7) and MYRCELLA (8).
text: Ned kneels to kiss her ring; her smile is pure formality.
text: Robert, on the other hand, embraces Catelyn like a long lost
text: sister. As the children on both sides are brought forward and
text: introduced, Robert steps back to Ned.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Take me down to your crypt. I want
dialog: to pay my respects.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: We've been riding since dawn.
dialog: Surely, the dead will wait.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 28.
text: Robert gives her a hard look. Cersei stares back at him,
text: uncowed. Finally Robert turns and walks away. After an
text: awkward glance at the Queen, Ned leads Robert toward one of
text: Winterfell’s old towers.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERFELL - CRYPT STAIRS - DAY
text: Ned holds a lantern as he leads Robert down the narrow,
text: winding stone steps.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I thought we’d never get here. All
dialog: the talk about my Seven Kingdoms...
dialog: aman forgets your part is as big
dialog: as the other six combined.
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: It snowed on us! Snow!
text: As they descend, their breath becomes more and more visible
text: from the cold, and Robert’s becomes more and more labored.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: How will you stand it, man, when
dialog: winter finally comes? Your balls
dialog: frozen right up into your guts for
dialog: the next twenty, thirty years?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: The Starks will endure. We always
dialog: have.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You need to come south, get a real
dialog: taste of summer before it’s gone.
text: Everyone is fat, drunk and rich.
dialog: And the girls, Ned! Women lose all
text: modesty in the heat. They swim
text: naked in the river, right beneath
dialog: the castle...
text: The king laughs happily, but his laughter trails off as the
text: staircase ends.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERFELL - CRYPT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ned sweeps the lantern in a semicircle; shadows lurch along a
text: procession of granite pillars that recede into the dark.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: She’s down at the end, your Grace.
text: Side by side they proceed, their footsteps ringing off the
text: stones as they walk among the dead of House Stark.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 29.
text: Between the pillars on either side: granite sculptures of the
text: deceased sitting on thrones, their backs against their own
text: sepulchres. Great stone direwolves curl around their feet.
text: Ned stops at the last tomb and lifts the lantern. The crypt
text: continues on into the darkness ahead of them, but beyond this
text: point the tombs are empty, waiting for him and his children.
text: In front of him, illuminated by the lantern, a beautiful
text: young woman stares out at them with blind, granite eyes:
text: Lyanna Stark, Ned’s sister.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: She was more beautiful than that.
text: Silently, Robert kneels and bows his head. Ned joins him.
text: Robert’s voice is hoarse with remembered grief.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Did you have to bury her in a place
dialog: like this? She should be on a hill
dialog: somewhere, with the sun and the
text: clouds above her.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: She was a Stark. This is her place.
text: The king rises to touch her cheek, his fingers brushing the
text: rough stone as gently as if it were living flesh.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: In my dreams, I kill him every
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: NED
text: It’s done. The Targaryens are gone.
text: The warrior Robert used to be surfaces in his face, pitiless.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Not all of them.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: We should return, your Grace. Your
dialog: wife will be waiting.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: To hell with my wife.
text: That said, he starts back the way they came. Ned follows.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: And if I hear “your Grace” one more
dialog: time, I'll have your fucking head
dialog: on a spike. We’re more to each
dialog: other than that.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I haven't forgotten.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell me about old Jon.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: One moment he was fine, and... It
dialog: burned right through him, whatever
dialog: it was.
dialog: (stops walking)
dialog: I loved that man.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: We both did.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: He never had to teach you much. But
dialog: me? You remember me at sixteen? All
dialog: I wanted to do was crack skulls and
dialog: fuck girls. Old Jon showed me what
dialog: was what.
text: Ned gives the king a sidelong, skeptical look, barely
text: suppressing a smile.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Don’t look at me like that. It’s
dialog: not his fault I didn’t listen.
text: He puts a massive arm around Ned’s shoulder and walks on.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You must wonder why I’ve finally
dialog: come north, after all these years.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Your inspection of the Wall is long
text: overdue.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: The Wall’s stood for eight thousand
dialog: years. It can keep a while longer.
text: Robert stops walking and turns to face Ned.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: These are dangerous times... I need
dialog: good men around me, men like Jon
dialog: Arryn.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Men like you. I want you down in
dialog: King’s Landing, not up here where
dialog: you’re no damn use to anybody.
dialog: (stops walking)
dialog: Lord Eddard Stark, I would name you
dialog: Hand of the King.
text: Ned drops to one knee, not at all surprised.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I’m not worthy of the honor.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I’m not trying to honor you. I’m
dialog: trying to get you to run my kingdom
dialog: while I eat, drink and whore my way
dialog: to an early grave. You know the
dialog: saying...
speaker_heading: NED
text: The King shits, and the Hand wipes.
text: Robert laughs. Still on one knee, Ned can’t help but join him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Damn it, Ned, stand up.
dialog: (Ned does)
dialog: You helped me win the Iron Throne,
dialog: now help me keep the fucking thing.
dialog: We were meant to rule together.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If your sister had lived, we’d have
dialog: been bound by blood. Well, it’s not
dialog: too late. I have a son, you have a
dialog: daughter... my Joff and your Sansa
dialog: will join our houses.
text: This does surprise Ned. After a moment he shakes his head and
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: How long have you been planning
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: How old is your daughter?
text: Both men laugh. Robert's face grows serious.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I never loved my brothers. A sad
dialog: thing for a man to admit, but it’s
dialog: true. You were the brother I chose.
dialog: We were meant to be family.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (moved by these words)
dialog: I don’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Say “Yes”!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: If I could have some time to
dialog: consider these honors...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Yes, of course, talk it over with
dialog: Catelyn, sleep on it if you must.
text: He claps his hands roughly on Ned’s shoulders.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Just don’t keep me waiting too
dialog: long. I’m not the most patient man.
text: Ned smiles-- but his glance drifts over Robert’s shoulder to
text: the dead of Winterfell, who watch with disapproving eyes.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL OF WINTERFELL - NIGHT
text: The feast for the king is in its fourth hour. A SINGER plays
text: the harp at one end of the hall but no one can hear him above
text: the roar of the fire, the clangor of pewter plates and cups,
text: and the din of a hundred conversations.
text: The long wooden tables are covered with steaming platters of
text: roasted meats and baked breads.
text: Banners hang from the stone walls: the dire wolf of Stark;
text: Baratheon’s crowned stag; the lion of Lannister.
text: Ned and Catelyn host King Robert (already drunk), Queen
text: Cersei, Ser Jaime and Tyrion Lannister (the queen’s brothers)
text: and a few other luminaries at a table on a raised platform.
text: The Stark and Baratheon trueborn children sit at a table
text: directly below the guests of honor.
text: On the main floor, the SOLDIERS, SQUIRES and other COMMONERS
text: sit on backless benches. Jon Snow sits with them.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 33.
text: The young men sitting around Jon are telling the usual
text: stories about fighting and fucking. Jon seems comfortable in
text: their midst, but he’s not paying attention to them; he’s
text: stealing a glance at his siblings, at their table of honor.
text: Jon downs his wine, and signals a serving boy for a refill,
text: and watches his father and the King and the high table.
text: Robert and Ned toast with tankards full of ale. Ned takes a
text: healthy drink; Robert drinks the whole tankard.
text: A few seats down, Catelyn notices Queen Cersei staring at her
text: drunk husband with plain disgust. A good hostess, Catelyn
text: tries to distract Cersei.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: Your children are quite beautiful,
dialog: my Queen. They have the gift of the
text: Lannister eyes.
text: Cersei, a little startled to be addressed, stares at Catelyn
text: with her vaguely reptilian green eyes.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: I heard a rumor we might share a
dialog: grandchild someday.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: I heard the same rumor...
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: Of course, these decisions
dialog: ultimately fall to our husbands. As
dialog: all important decisions must.
text: She glances past Catelyn to Robert, as he gnaws on a rib and
text: leers at the BUXOM SERVING GIRL refilling his tankard. Only
text: her eyes reveal her anger, and they only do so briefly.
text: Jaime, sitting on the other side of Cersei, leans forward,
text: his forearms on the table, flashing his white teeth at
dialog: Catelyn. Many women have waited their whole lives for that
text: smile, but it only serves to make her nervous.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: You'd enjoy the capital, my lady.
dialog: The north must be hard for someone
dialog: who wasn’t born here.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: I’m sure it seems very grim, after
dialog: King’s Landing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CATELYN (cont'd)
dialog: I remember how scared I was when
dialog: Ned brought me up here the first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: You were only a girl. I’m sure you
dialog: were scared of many things.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: But harsh as it is, I’ve come to
dialog: love it. The north gets in your
dialog: blood.
text: Cersei seems skeptical, looking around the rough-hewn Great
text: Hall, which would fit in the kitchen of her own palace.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: Your daughter will take to the
dialog: city. Such a beauty can’t stay
dialog: hidden up here forever. It’s time
dialog: we introduce her to the court.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: Mm... of course, I have two
dialog: daughters.
text: If Cersei knew this at one point, she had forgotten. She sees
text: Catelyn’s distressed look and follows her gaze to the
text: children’s table, where Sansa looks as radiant as ever,
text: chatting with young Princess Myrcella.
text: Arya, on the other hand, has already ruined her evening
text: dress. She uses her spoon as a catapult to fling a wad of
text: pigeon pie at Bran, across the table. It hits him square in
text: the forehead.
speaker_heading: JAIME
text: The girl has talent.
text: Catelyn, embarrassed, begins to stand so she can take matters
text: in hand. But Ned, passing behind her, grips her shoulders,
text: leans down and kisses the side of her neck.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I’ll take care of it.
text: Cersei smiles at Catelyn. To her credit, she has an excellent
text: fake smile. The two women resume their conversation.
text: As Ned passes behind Jaime’s seat, Jaime pushes his chair
text: back, momentarily blocking Ned’s path. Jaime stands.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Excuse my clumsiness.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 35.
text: He smiles down at Ned. Jaime is taller and broader in the
dialog: shoulders. They are considered two of the greatest warriors
dialog: in the Seven Kingdoms, and there can be little doubt that
text: right now each man wonders who would win a fight.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Not a trait most people associate
dialog: with you. Your pardon--
text: He moves to step around Jaime, but Jaime puts his
text: Ned's shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: I hear we might be neighbors soon.
dialog: I hope it’s true.
dialog: Ned would rather talk to any living man than this
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yes, the King has honored me with
dialog: his offer.
text: Again he tries to pass, and again Jaime sidesteps
text: him. Jaime smiles but his actions are just shy of
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: The King has promised a tournament
dialog: to celebrate your new title... if
dialog: you accept. It would be good to
dialog: have you on the field. The
text: competition has become a bit stale.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I don’t fight in tournaments.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: No? Getting a little old for it?
dialog: hand on
dialog: one.
dialog: to block
dialog: aggression.
text: Ned is tired of trying to get around Jaime. He stands very
text: close to the younger man and looks him dead in the eye.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I don’t fight in tournaments
dialog: because if I ever have to fight a
dialog: man for real, I don’t want him to
dialog: know what I can do.
text: The comment pleases Jaime immensely, judging from his smile.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Well said, well said! I do hope you
dialog: take the King’s offer.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: JAIME (cont'd)
dialog: Though of course, we all know the
dialog: court hasn’t been kind to Stark
dialog: men.
text: Ned stiffens at the comment. Nobody wears swords at the
text: banquet but his hand reflexively grips for the absent hilt.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Your father and brother. Yes, I was
dialog: a witness to that... tragedy.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I know you were.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: I suppose it’s some consolation
dialog: that justice finally came to their
dialog: killer. No need to thank me-- oh,
dialog: I’m sorry, you never did.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Was it justice you were thinking of
dialog: when you shoved your spear in the
dialog: Mad King’s back?
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: It was his kidneys I was thinking
dialog: of. His liver and spleen. Was that
dialog: terrible of me? After all the
dialog: suffering the man caused?
text: Ned has had enough. He pushes past Jaime. This time the
text: Kingslayer lets him go, but not before one final remark. For
text: an instant Jaime’s air of perpetual amusement evaporates.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: The worst king in a thousand
dialog: years... and people treat me like
text: some back-alley cutthroat.
text: But Ned is already gone, heading down the raised platform.
text: Jaime stands alone. The only one at the banquet table who has
text: overheard the Jaime/Ned conversation is Tyrion, who grins at
text: his brother and raises his tankard in toast.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: If it came down to it, big brother,
dialog: I’d bet on you-- but I wouldn’t bet
dialog: much.
text: He downs his tankard of ale with a single, heroic gulp and
text: wipes the foam from his mouth, pleased with himself.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 37.
text: A second later it hits him: he’s one tankard over the line.
text: Tyrion stands and staggers away from the royal table without
text: a goodbye.
text: Jaime retakes his seat beside his sister, who watches Tyrion
text: stumble down the steps to the main floor.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
text: He is a vile little beast.
speaker_heading: JAIME
text: He plays the hand he was dealt.
text: His gaze floats over Cersei’s shoulder, to Robert.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: As do we all.
text: Tyrion lurches past Ned on the main floor, nearly bumping
text: into him. Ned extends a hand to steady the little man but
text: Tyrion brushes past him, not wanting any help, heading for
dialog: the exit.
text: Ned turns; for a second, from where Jon Snow is sitting, it
text: seems Ned is staring right at him.
text: Jon smiles at his father, eager for acknowledgement. A wink
dialog: would suffice.
text: But Ned wasn’t looking at him at all; his eyes are on the
text: table of trueborn children that lies between Jon and Ned. Ned
text: heads over to break up the Arya/Bran foodfight.
text: Slightly bitter, more than slightly drunk, Jon takes a large
text: hunk of honeyed chicken from his trencher and chucks it under
text: the table to his dire wolf puppy, GHOST. The way Ghost
text: devours it in seconds is cute -- until we remember the size
dialog: of his mother.
text: One of the boys at the table is filling wine cups from a
text: flagon. Jon nods for another cup and gulps from it while
text: watching his pup lick the chicken bones clean.
speaker_heading: JON SNOW
dialog: You never stop eating, do you?
speaker_heading: BENJEN (0.S.)
dialog: Is this one of the direwolves I’ve
dialog: heard so much about?
text: Jon looks up happily as his uncle BENJEN STARK (40s) ruffles
text: his hair.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 38.
text: Benjen is sharp-featured and gaunt, but there’s always a hint
text: of laughter in his eyes. He wears the black garb of a sworn
dialog: brother of the Night’s Watch.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: His name is Ghost.
text: One of the squires at the table makes room. Benjen straddles
text: the bench, takes the cup from Jon's hand and sips.
speaker_heading: BENJEN
dialog: How many cups have you had?
dialog: (off Jon’s guilty smile)
dialog: As I feared. Well, I believe I was
dialog: younger than you the first time I
dialog: got truly and sincerely drunk.
text: Benjen grabs a roasted onion from a nearby trencher and bites
text: into it. He watches Ghost as he chews.
speaker_heading: BENJEN
dialog: Don’t you usually eat with your
dialog: brothers?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: (flat, sardonic)
dialog: Most times. But Lady Stark thought
dialog: it might insult the royal family to
dialog: seat a bastard among them.
speaker_heading: BENJEN
dialog: I see.
text: Benjen glances over his shoulder at the elevated table, where
text: Ned returns to sit with Catelyn.
speaker_heading: BENJEN
dialog: My brother doesn’t seem so festive
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: JON
text: He’s sad about Jon Arryn.
text: Jon's eyes go to the queen.
speaker_heading: JON
text: The queen is angry. Father took the
dialog: king down to the crypts this
dialog: afternoon. She didn’t want him to
dialog: go.
text: Benjen gives Jon a careful, measuring look.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: BENJEN
dialog: You don’t miss much, do you?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We could use a man like you on the
dialog: Wall, someday.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: (a sudden rush)
dialog: Take me with you when you go back.
dialog: Father will let me go if you ask
dialog: him. I know he will.
speaker_heading: BENJEN
dialog: The Wall is a hard place for a boy.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: I turn seventeen on my next name
dialog: day. And Maester Luwin says
dialog: bastards grow up faster.
speaker_heading: BENJEN
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: That’s true enough.
text: Benjen fills the wine cup and takes a long swallow.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: I want to serve in the Night’s
dialog: Watch. I’m ready to swear your
dialog: oath.
speaker_heading: BENJEN
dialog: You don’t understand what you’d be
dialog: giving up. We have no families.
dialog: None of us will ever father sons.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: I don’t care about that!
speaker_heading: BENJEN
dialog: You might, if you knew what it
dialog: meant. Come talk to me after you've
dialog: dipped your wick a few times.
text: He stands, grips his nephew’s shoulder, and takes his leave.
text: Frustrated, Jon drains his cup, slams it on the table and
text: rises from the bench. Too late he realizes how drunk he
text: really is-- he lurches into a SERVING GIRL, sending a flagon
text: of wine crashing to the floor.
text: Laughter booms all around. Jon flushes and runs for the door.
text: Ghost follows at his heels.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: EXT. WINTERFELL - COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: The yard is quiet and empty. High on the battlements of the
text: inner wall, a lone SENTRY takes brief notice of Jon as he
text: storms from the banquet hall with Ghost close behind.
text: The music and song spilling through the hall’s open windows
text: seem to taunt Jon as he walks away from the feast.
speaker_heading: TYRION (0.S.)
dialog: Boy.
text: Jon turns to see Tyrion Lannister sitting like a gargoyle on
text: the ledge above the door to the great hall. Tyrion is drunk
dialog: like Jon, only more so.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: Is that animal a wolf?
speaker_heading: JON
text: A direwolf. His name is Ghost.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What are you doing up there? Why
dialog: aren’t you at the feast?
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: I learned long ago that it’s
dialog: considered rude to vomit on one’s
dialog: brother. Might I have a closer look
dialog: at your wolf?
text: Jon hesitates, nods-- and gasps as Tyrion pushes himself off
text: the ledge, falls twelve feet to the ground and lands roughly.
text: Ghost flinches and backs away behind Jon's legs.
text: Tyrion stands and dusts himself off.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: I’ve frightened the beast. My
dialog: apologies.
speaker_heading: JON
text: He’s not afraid.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: He is! I am terrifying!
text: He is not. Jon commands his wolf:
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Ghost, come here. Come on, boy...
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 41.
text: The pup comes back around front, keeping a wary eye on
text: Tyrion. When Tyrion reaches out to pet him, Ghost bares his
text: fangs in a silent snarl. Tyrion hesitates.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Sit, Ghost.
dialog: (Ghost sits; to Ghost)
dialog: Hold.
dialog: (to Tyrion)
dialog: You can touch him now. He won’t
dialog: move. I’ve been training him.
text: Tyrion kneels and ruffles the white fur between Ghost’s ears.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: Nice wolf. Niiiiice wolf.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: He’s not. If I wasn’t here, he’d
dialog: have your throat out.
text: Tyrion cocks his head and looks Jon over, possibly impressed
text: by the boy’s bravado. Ghost is still far too small to tear
dialog: out anyone’s throat.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: In that case, you'd best stay
dialog: close.
text: He stands and looks up at Jon.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: I am Tyrion Lannister.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: I know who you are.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: You’re Ned Stark’s bastard, aren’t
dialog: you?
text: Jon presses his lips together and says nothing.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: Did I offend you? Sorry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You are the bastard, though.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Lord Eddard Stark is my father.
text: Tyrion steps in closer and examines Jon’s face.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: Yes... you have more of the north
dialog: in you than your brothers.
text: Jon tries to hide his pleasure at this observation.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Half brothers.
text: Tyrion’s mouth is fixed in a sardonic grin, but his eyes burn
text: with intensity as he speaks.
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: Let me give you some advice,
dialog: bastard. Never forget what you are--
dialog: the rest of the world will not.
dialog: Make it your strength, and it can
dialog: never be your weakness. Wear it
dialog: like armor, and it can never be
dialog: used to hurt you.
text: Jon is in no mood for anyone’s advice.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: What do you know about being a
dialog: bastard?
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: All dwarfs are bastards in their
text: father’s eyes.
text: Tyrion saunters back into the feast, whistling to himself.
text: When he opens the door, the light from the hall throws
text: Tyrion’s shadow clear across the yard.
scene_heading: INT. CATELYN’S BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Ned opens the room’s high narrow windows.
text: A blast of cold night air blows into the chamber. On the bed,
text: Catelyn pulls the furs up to her chin. Ned breathes deeply,
text: taking the cold into his lungs, staring out into the dark.
text: Then he turns back to face her.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I’ll refuse him.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: You cannot. You must not.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You said yourself I could tell him
dialog: no. I’m a northman.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: NED (cont'd)
dialog: I belong here, not down south in
dialog: that rats’ nest they call a
dialog: capital.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: He would make our daughter Queen.
text: Ned turns away, facing the darkness again. She softens and is
text: about to go to him when a loud knock comes at the door.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I gave orders not to be disturbed.
text: From the other side of the door, a SENTRY answers.
speaker_heading: SENTRY (0.S.)
dialog: It’s Maester Luwin calling, my
text: lord. He insists.
text: Ned slips on a heavy robe.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Send him in.
text: The door opens and Maester Luwin enters. He waits until the
text: door is shut behind him before speaking.
speaker_heading: MAESTER LUWIN
dialog: My lord, pardon for disturbing your
dialog: rest. I have been left a message.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Been left? By whom?
speaker_heading: MAESTER LUWIN
dialog: There was no messenger, my lord.
text: Only a carved wooden box, left on a
dialog: table in my observatory while I
dialog: slept. This was concealed in a
dialog: false bottom.
text: Maester Luwin draws a tightly rolled paper from his loose
text: sleeves. Ned holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Let me have it, then.
speaker_heading: MAESTER LUWIN
dialog: A thousand pardons, my lord. The
text: message is marked for the eyes of
dialog: the Lady Catelyn alone.
dialog: Ned isn’t used to being denied by anyone below the rank of
dialog: king.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 44,
text: He considers the old man for a second and steps aside,
text: allowing Maester Luwin to place the paper on the bedside
text: table. Luwin bows and begins to retreat.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Stay.
text: Catelyn looks at the blue wax moon-and-falcon seal on the
text: paper with foreboding.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: It’s from my sister. Something's
dialog: wrong. Why would she hide the
dialog: letter? They said she left the
dialog: capital right after he died...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Open it.
text: Catelyn breaks the seal. Her eyes move over the words. For a
text: moment, she is confused-- then a smile flits across her lips.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: She took no chances. When we were
dialog: girls, we had a private language.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Can you still read it?
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: Yes...
text: Her smile disappears as she reads.
text: Catelyn wraps herself in one of the bed furs and pads toward
text: the hearth. She tosses the paper in the fire and watches to
dialog: make sure it burns through.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
text: She says Jon Arryn was murdered.
dialog: (beat)
text: By the Lannisters. By the Queen.
text: The accusation shocks Ned. He tries to rationalize it away:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Your sister is sick with grief. She
text: doesn’t know what she’s saying.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: Lysa isn’t easy, but she’s never
dialog: been a fool.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: This is madness...
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: You say you love Robert like a
dialog: brother. Would you leave your
dialog: brother surrounded by Lannisters?
text: Ned looks to Maester Luwin, hoping for a different opinion.
speaker_heading: MAESTER LUWIN
dialog: The Hand of the King has great
dialog: power, my lord. Power to
dialog: investigate. And to punish, if need
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: CATELYN
dialog: You must go south with him. Become
text: his Hand and learn the truth.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I am not your dog to command, my
dialog: lady.
text: But Ned’s words are belied by the resignation in his face.
text: She is right and he knows it. He sits heavily in a chair
text: beside the hearth.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: My father went south once, to
text: answer the summons of a king. He
dialog: never came home again.
speaker_heading: MAESTER LUWIN
text: A different time. A different king.
text: Ned says nothing, watching the flames devour the wood.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERFELL - TOWER ROOM - DAY
text: Sansa and Princess Myrcella both knit, overseen by Myrcella’s
text: ladies-in-waiting, and Sansa’s tutor, SEPTA MORDANE (60s).
text: Arya sits near the door. Her needlework is as grim as Sansa’s
text: is perfect, her face as plain as Sansa’s is beautiful.
text: She doesn’t want to be here. While the Septa fawns over the
text: princess, Arya quietly lays down her knitting and sneaks away.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. WINTERFELL - COURTYARD - DAY
text: Bran and Prince Tommen drill in the yard with padded wooden
text: swords. The children are so heavily padded themselves that
text: they look like they’ve been wrapped in featherbeds.
text: Huffing and puffing, they thump each other under the watchful
text: eye of SER RODRIK CASSEL (60), the master-at-arms, a stout
text: keg of a man with thick white sideburns.
text: A dozen (male) spectators call out encouragements, Robb the
text: loudest among them. Theon Greyjoy watches with his
text: characteristic wry contempt.
text: Twenty yards from the others, Jon Snow watches as well,
text: seated alone on a rough wooden bench. Absorbed in the action,
text: he is unaware of Arya’s approach until she jumps on his back.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Shouldn't you be working on your
dialog: stitches?
text: Arya makes a face at him.
speaker_heading: ARYA
dialog: I wanted to see them fight. Why
dialog: aren’t you with them?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Bastards aren’t allowed to damage
dialog: young princes.
text: Arya watches her little brother Bran whack at Tommen, almost
text: toppling over himself in the process.
speaker_heading: ARYA
dialog: I could do better than Bran. I'd
text: knock the prince’s fat head off.
text: Jon looks at her with mock shock. Then he takes her arm and
text: examines it, feeling her muscle. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Too skinny.
text: She snatches back her arm and glares at him. He messes up her
text: hair. A cheer goes up from the drilling field.
text: Bran has managed to knock Tommen over; the prince is rolling
text: in the dust, trying to get up and failing, like a padded
text: turtle. Bran stands at the ready with upraised wooden sword,
text: ready to whack him again once he regains his feet.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 47.
text: The spectators laugh until Ser Rodrik ends it. He yanks the
text: prince to his feet.
speaker_heading: SER RODRIK
dialog: Well fought. Prince Joffrey, Robb,
dialog: will you go another round?
speaker_heading: ROBB
text: Gladly.
text: Joffrey, however, looks bored; he remains among his men.
speaker_heading: JOFFREY
text: This is a child’s game.
speaker_heading: THEON
dialog: That’s because you’re children.
speaker_heading: JOFFREY
dialog: Robb may be a child. I am a prince.
dialog: And I'm tired of swatting at Starks
text: with a play sword.
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: You got more swats than you gave.
dialog: Afraid?
speaker_heading: JOFFREY
dialog: Oh, terrified. I might get a
dialog: splinter.
text: The Lannister men all laugh.
text: Jon and Arya watch with contempt.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: What a shit.
dialog: Ser Rodrik asks Joffrey:
speaker_heading: SER RODRIK
dialog: What do you suggest?
speaker_heading: JOFFREY
dialog: Live steel.
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: Done.
text: Ser Rodrik puts a hand on Robb’s shoulder.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: SER RODRIK
dialog: Too dangerous. I’1l let you go with
text: tourney swords with blunted edges.
text: A muscled knight with black hair and terrible burn scars on
text: his face pushes forward: Sandor “The Hound” Clegane,
text: Joffrey’s bodyguard.
speaker_heading: THE HOUND
dialog: This is your prince. Who are you to
dialog: tell him he can’t have an edge on
dialog: his sword?
dialog: (to Robb)
dialog: How old are you, boy?
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: Sixteen.
speaker_heading: THE HOUND
dialog: I killed a man at twelve. And not
text: with a blunt sword.
text: Arya watches with worry as Robb bristles, his pride wounded.
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: (to Ser Rodrik)
dialog: Let me do it. I can beat him.
speaker_heading: SER RODRIK
text: Beat him with a tourney blade,
dialog: then.
text: Joffrey shrugs and starts to turn away.
speaker_heading: JOFFREY
dialog: Come and see me, north boy, once
dialog: your balls thaw.
text: Laughter from the Lannister men. Robb loses his temper.
speaker_heading: ROBB
dialog: I‘1l cut yours off, you little piss-—
dialog: haired-
text: Arya’s and Jon’s eyes widen in surprise.
text: But Theon seizes Robb’s arm to keep him away from the prince.
text: Joffrey feigns a yawn and turns to his younger brother.
speaker_heading: JOFFREY
dialog: Come, Tommen. Playtime is over.
dialog: Leave the children to their games.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 49.
text: More laughter from the Lannisters, more curses from Robb.
text: Theon continues to hold Robb back, now aided by Ser Rodrik,
text: until the Lannister party is safely away.
text: Far from being frightened, Arya is thrilled. This is where
text: she wants to be, among the rough and brawling boys.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: (to Arya)
dialog: You'd better get back.
speaker_heading: ARYA
dialog: I hate needlework! It’s not fair!
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Nothing is fair.
text: He messes her hair again and walks away, Ghost following
text: silently. Reluctantly, Arya turns in the other direction.
text: In the distance, she sees Septa Mordane waiting for her
text: - along with Lady Catelyn herself. Neither looks pleased.
text: Arya sighs and goes to take what she’s got coming.
scene_heading: EXT. DOTHRAKI ENCAMPMENT - DAY
text: Outside the city walls of Pentos, hordes of DOTHRAKI
text: WARRIORS-- along with their WOMEN, CHILDREN, and SLAVES--
text: have gathered to celebrate their Khal’s wedding day.
text: An earthen ramp has been raised in the middle of a vast grass
text: field. Dany sits beside Khal Drogo. Beautiful as she is in
text: her wedding silks, she looks as scared as a trapped animal.
text: Khal Drogo does not seem to notice her. He shouts commands
text: and jests in his own tongue to his bloodriders, who sit below
text: him on the second-highest level of the ramp.
text: Also seated on that level are Jorah Mormont, Magister
text: Illyrio, and Viserys, who looks splendid in a new black wool
text: tunic with a scarlet dragon on the chest. They are in the
text: midst of an urgent conversation, keeping their voices low.
text: Illyrio waves languidly, rings glittering on his fingers.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: Trust me. The Khal has promised you
dialog: a crown and you shall have it.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: When?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: When the Khal chooses. When the
dialog: omens favor war.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: I piss on Dothraki omens. I’ve
dialog: waited fifteen years to get my
dialog: throne back. I’m tired of this
dialog: country, tired of living with
text: savages.
text: Above them on the ramp, Daenerys steals a glance at Khal
text: Drogo. He seems unaware of her existence, staring at the
text: grass below with no expression on his face.
text: Daenerys turns to see what he’s watching: Dothraki drummers
text: pound on their horseskin drums as a dozen young Dothraki
text: women begin dancing for their Khal.
text: The Dothraki are not a repressed people. The dance is overtly
text: sexual, so overt that a warrior soon steps into the circle,
text: grabs a dancer by the arm, pushes her to the ground and takes
text: her right there in front of the cheering crowd.
text: Khal Drogo grins and nods. Evidently this is appropriate
text: wedding behavior. Daenerys watches with horror.
text: Soon a second warrior has grabbed a dancer, and then a third.
text: The trouble begins when two warriors try to lay claim to the
text: same woman. Both men draw their scimitars and begin swinging
text: at each other.
text: The combat is fast, brutal and efficient, the steel blades
text: blurring in the sunlight. Finally one man misses a parry. An
text: instant later his entrails spill onto the dust and he falls.
text: The victor seizes a girl-- not even the original girl they
text: were fighting over-- and the crowd roars in approval.
text: Daenerys struggles to keep from vomiting. The platter of
text: blood sausages in front of her do not help.
text: Illyrio claps politely and explains to Viserys:
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: A Dothraki wedding without at least
dialog: three deaths is considered a dull
dialog: affair.
text: Khal Drogo stands and raises one hand. Instantly the horde
text: goes silent. The only noise is the bleating of a lost sheep.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 51.
text: Drogo looks at Dany. There is no sign of mercy in his face.
text: She realizes that everyone at the wedding is watching her.
text: Finally she stands. He nods and leads her down the ramp, into
text: the center of the field.
text: Dany stands beside her new husband, encircled by her new
text: tribe, looking very small and pale next to Drogo.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: (to Viserys)
dialog: Time for the gifts.
text: Dothraki men surge forward, prostrating themselves before
text: their Khal and laying down gifts in a growing pile: medallion
text: belts and painted vests, soft furs and silks, silver rings.
text: Viserys approaches with a thin smile on his face. He leads
text: three HANDMAIDS. Two are Dothraki girls with black hair and
text: almond-shaped eyes. The third is fair-haired and blue-eyed.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: (to Dany)
dialog: These are not common servants. Irri
dialog: will teach you riding, Jaqui the
dialog: Dothraki tongue, and Doreah... the
dialog: art of love.
text: He grins at Doreah, who lowers her eyes.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: She’s quite good. Illyrio and I can
dialog: vouch for that.
text: Ser Jorah approaches next, laying a small stack of old books
text: before Dany and bowing deeply.
speaker_heading: JORAH
dialog: A small gift, my princess, but alla
dialog: poor exile could afford. Songs and
dialog: histories of the Seven Kingdoms.
text: The gift touches Dany: she smiles, and speaks for the first
text: time at her own wedding.
speaker_heading: DAENARYS
dialog: Thank you, Ser.
text: Ser Jorah is pleased that his gift is pleasing. He glances at
text: Khal Drogo, bows again, and steps back.
text: Illyrio snaps his fingers. Four BURLY SLAVES hurry forward,
text: bearing between them a great cedar chest bound in bronze.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 52.
text: Illyrio bows low and gestures for Dany to open the chest.
text: Inside, resting on a pile of fine velvets and damasks, are
text: three large eggs: one green, one cream, one black.
text: She takes one into her hands. The egg shimmers like polished
text: metal. The surface of the shell is covered with tiny scales.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: Dragon’s eggs, from the Shadow
dialog: Lands beyond Asshai. The ages have
dialog: turned them to stone, but they will
dialog: always be beautiful.
text: Viserys, standing beside Ser Jorah, rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Fakes, of course.
text: Fake or real, the egg mesmerizes Dany. She rolls it in her
text: hands, letting the light play off the shell.
speaker_heading: DAENARYS
dialog: Thank you, Magister. I owe you
dialog: everything.
text: Khal Drogo walks into the crowd. The Dothraki part for him.
text: Daenerys, confused, tries to hide her anxiety. The Dothraki
text: look back at her. To her, they are an exotic people, but to
text: them she is like a visitor from another planet. They have
text: never seen a girl with silver hair and violet eyes before.
text: Drogo reemerges from the crowd, leading a splendid young
text: filly, gray as the winter sea.
text: Everyone waits to see how Dany will react. Hesitantly she
text: reaches out to stroke the horse’s neck, running her fingers
text: through its mane.
text: Drogo says something in the Dothraki tongue and Illyrio
dialog: translates.
speaker_heading: ILLYRIO
dialog: Silver for the silver of your hair,
dialog: the Khal says.
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: She’s beautiful.
text: Drogo steps forward, puts his hands on Dany’s waist, lifts
text: her as easily as if she were a child’s doll, and places her
text: on the filly’s thin saddle.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 53.
text: The Dothraki stare at their new queen.
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: (to Illyrio)
dialog: What should I do?
text: Ser Jorah answers for the Magister.
speaker_heading: JORAH
dialog: Take the reins and ride. You don’t
dialog: have to go far.
text: Dany gathers the reins and slips her feet into the stirrups.
text: She squeezes gently with her knees and the filly breaks into
text: a trot. At first Dany seems frightened, but as the crowd
text: parts for her and the speed increases, she smiles.
text: She sends the filly into a gallop through the campground, and
text: now the Dothraki are hooting and laughing and shouting at
text: her, impressed by their new khaleesi’s spirit.
text: At full speed Dany and the filly circle back, a little out of
text: control. A fire pit looms ahead, directly in their path. They
text: are hemmed in on either side by hollering Dothraki. There is
text: no way out but straight ahead.
text: The silver horse leaps the flames as if she had wings.
text: The crowd cheers. Dany pulls up beside Illyrio.
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: Tell Khal Drogo he has given me the
dialog: wind.
text: Illyrio translates the line. And for the first time that
dialog: we've seen, Khal Drogo smiles.
text: The bloodriders bring forth the Khal’s horse, a lean red
text: stallion, and Drogo mounts.
text: Viserys approaches Daenerys on her filly. He looks very
text: pleasant as he grips his sister’s leg.
speaker_heading: VISERYS
dialog: Make him happy.
text: His fingers dig into her thigh and Daenerys flinches.
text: Khal Drogo trots off on his stallion and Dany follows behind,
text: looking back at Viserys and Illyrio and Ser Jorah.
text: The exhilaration that brightened her face a minute before is
text: gone. The fear is back.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOW - DUSK
text: Drogo drives his stallion at a hard trot, the tiny silver
text: bells in his long braid ringing softly as he rides.
text: Dany follows behind. The sun is down and the darkening sky
text: above her head is vast and ominous.
text: They ride through a meadow of cattails and tall grass.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM - DUSK
text: Drogo stops at a grassy spot beside a gently-flowing stream.
text: He swings off his horse and lifts Dany off hers.
text: She stands there, helpless and trembling in her wedding
text: silks, while Drogo secures the horses to a nearby tree.
text: When he returns Dany starts to cry. Drogo stares at her, his
text: face strangely empty of expression. He rubs away her tears
text: with a callused thumb.
speaker_heading: KHAL DROGO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: You know the Common Tongue?
speaker_heading: KHAL DROGO
dialog: No.
text: He touches her hair lightly, sliding the silver strands
text: between his fingers and murmuring softly in Dothraki.
text: Dany does not understand the words, but there is a warmth in
text: his tone, a tenderness she had not expected.
text: He puts his finger under her chin and lifts her head, so she
text: is looking him in the eyes. Drogo towers over her the way he
text: towers over everyone.
text: Taking her lightly under the arms he lifts her and seats her
text: on a rounded rock beside the stream. He sits on the ground
text: facing her, legs crossed beneath him. Finally their faces are
text: at the same height.
speaker_heading: KHAL DROGO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: Is that the only word you know?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 55.
text: He doesn’t reply. His long heavy braid is coiled in the dirt
text: beside him. He begins to remove the rings and bells. After a
text: moment, Dany leans forward to help.
text: When they are done, Drogo nods. Dany hesitates and then
text: understands: she begins to undo his braid. He sits silently,
text: watching her. When she is done he shakes his head and the
text: hair spreads out behind him like a river of darkness.
text: Now it’s his turn. Drogo undresses her, his fingers deft and
text: strangely gentle. He removes her silks one by one while Dany
text: sits unmoving, staring at his dark eyes.
text: When he bares her small breasts, she averts her eyes and
text: covers herself with her hands.
speaker_heading: KHAL DROGO
dialog: No.
text: He pulls her hands away from her breasts, gentle but firm. He
text: lifts her face again to make her look at him.
speaker_heading: KHAL DROGO
dialog: No.
text: He pulls off the last of her silks. She shivers in the
text: evening wind. Khal Drogo, still sitting with his legs
text: crossed, looks at her, drinking in her body with his eyes.
text: He runs his hand gently down her leg. He strokes her face,
text: tracing the curves of her ears, running a finger over her
text: lips. He turns her around, kissing her from the nape of her
text: neck to the small of her back.
text: He pulls her down into his lap. Dany is flushed and
text: breathless. He cups her face in his huge hands and she looks
text: into his eyes.
speaker_heading: KHAL DROGO
dialog: No?
text: She takes his hand and moves it between her thighs.
speaker_heading: DAENERYS
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. WINTERFELL - COURTYARD - DAWN
text: Near the main gate, the King’s hunting party is almost ready
text: to leave. Hullen the horse master checks the saddles; other
text: retainers sharpen spears and ready the hounds.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 56.
text: Jory, Theon, Ser Rodrik, Benjen and Tyrion outfit themselves.
text: Tyrion does so very, very slowly; badly hung-over, he looks
text: like day-old death as he turns to Benjen:
speaker_heading: TYRION
dialog: If I get through this without
text: squirting from one end or the
dialog: other, it’ll be a miracle.
text: A few yards deeper into the courtyard, Ned sits on a bench,
text: strapping a leather-and-steel vambrace to his forearm. He
text: seems preoccupied and careworn as King Robert steps up behind
text: him and gives him a friendly shake of the shoulders.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You as good with a spear as you
dialog: used to be?
text: Ned smiles, hiding his worries from the happy king.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No. But I’m still better than you.
text: Robert laughs. As one of the king’s squires kneels beside
text: Robert and begins lacing padded half-greaves onto the king’s
text: legs, Robert squeezes Ned’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I know how much you love it up
dialog: here. Coming south with me, serving
dialog: as my Hand-- I know it’s not what
dialog: you wanted. You’re a loyal friend.
dialog: You hear me? A loyal friend. The
dialog: last one I’ve got.
text: Ned stands. The two men clasp hands.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I hope I’1l serve you well.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You will. And I‘’1l make sure you
dialog: don’t look so fucking grim all the
dialog: time.
text: Ned smiles and looks to the hunting party.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I hear the southern boars are twice
dialog: as nasty as the ones up here.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Oh, you won’t have time for
dialog: hunting. You’1l be too busy
dialog: wrangling the snakes that call
dialog: themselves my court.
text: The king laughs, throws his heavy arm across Ned’s shoulders,
text: and leads him towards the horses.
text: At the other end of the courtyard, Bran watches the hunting
text: party mount their horses. He wants very badly to go with
text: them, but he’s too young.
text: About fifty yards to his right, he sees Jon Snow sullenly
text: watching the hunting party as well. Jon has been left behind
dialog: himself, for different reasons.
text: Bran tries to wave to him, but Jon sulks off without seeing
text: him. Bran sighs, his mood sinking further.
text: But he hears a small growling at his feet. He looks down to
text: see his wolf pup-- as yet unnamed-- jerking his head back and
text: forth, with Bran’s pant leg clamped between his jaws.
text: Finally, Bran smiles.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: Come on, you.
text: He runs off. His wolf bounds after him.
scene_heading: EXT. WINTERFELL - FIRST KEEP - MORNING
text: With his wolf at his heels, Bran runs toward the First Keep,
text: the oldest part of the castle.
text: He reaches the squat round tower and looks up. The Keep has
text: been deserted for years; its crown has begun to crumble, and
text: moss grows between the stones. High above, it is festooned
text: with gargoyles leaning blindly over empty space.
text: Bran turns to the pup.
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: Lie down. Now stay.
text: The wolf does as he is told. Bran scratches him behind the
text: ears, then finds a handhold in the keep wall and begins to
text: climb, moving from stone to stone quickly and instinctively.
text: When Bran is about ten feet up, his wolf rises to his feet
text: and begins to howl. Bran looks down.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 58.
text: His wolf falls silent. There’s something eerily imploring
text: about the way the animal looks up at him through slitted
text: yellow eyes. He doesn’t want Bran to keep climbing.
text: Bran starts climbing again. His wolf starts howling again.
text: Bran shouts down sternly:
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: Quiet! Sit! Stay!
text: The wolf continues to howl, until Bran is far, far above him.
text: Then he drops back down onto his stomach and whines.
text: Bran scrambles up the rough-cut stones of the ancient tower.
text: He climbs with no fear and no hesitation. When he gets high
text: enough he begins swinging from gargoyle to gargoyle. He knows
dialog: where to find every handhold and foothold.
text: He is near the top when a woman’s voice from inside the tower
text: startles him, nearly causing him to lose his grip.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE
dialog: I don’t like it. You should be the
dialog: Hand.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: There’s an honor I can do without.
dialog: Far too much work involved.
text: Clinging to a gargoyle, Bran looks down, past his dangling
text: feet. The voices come from a row of glassless windows below.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Don’t you see how dangerous this
dialog: is? Robert loves the man like a
dialog: brother. We’ll have to watch him...
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (lazy; seductive)
dialog: I’d rather watch you. Come back
dialog: here.
text: Bran reaches for the next gargoyle over. It seems too far, he
dialog: won’t make it...
dialog: But Bran has climbed this tower a hundred times. He swings
text: over to the second gargoyle, straddles the stone monster's
text: back, tightens his legs and turns himself upside down.
text: Perched like a bat, Bran is able to look in through the
text: window. From his vantage he cannot see the couple’s faces.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 59.
text: A fur cloak has been laid on the stone floor of the unlit
text: chamber. A naked woman lies belly down on the fur. A naked
text: man lies on his side beside her, mostly hidden by the
text: shadows. Their voices echo strangely off the ancient stones.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Stark has never cared about the
dialog: south. Never. He wants to move
dialog: against us. Why else would he leave
dialog: this place? He’s like a king
dialog: himself up here.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Maybe he just wants to be warm for
dialog: once in his life.
text: The naked man grabs her by the hair and forces her to rise to
text: all fours. She gasps with pain.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Stop...
text: He does not stop. Keeping one hand on her hair, he pushes
text: himself to his knees. He seizes her hip with his free hand
text: and pulls her toward him, thrusting deep into her.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE
dialog: (moaning)
dialog: Stop it... stop it... please...
text: Her voice is low and she does not push him away; the harder
text: he pulls her hair, the more she moans.
text: Bran has no idea what to make of all this. He tries to get a
text: better view and in doing so his sleeve brushes against the
text: stone edge of the empty window.
text: The woman turns and stares right at Bran.
text: Queen Cersei screams.
text: Everything happens at once. Cersei pushes the man away,
text: shouting and pointing.
text: Bran tries to pull himself up, bending double as he reaches
text: for the gargoyle’s head. In his panic his hands scrape
text: uselessly against smooth stone, his legs slip, and suddenly
text: he is falling.
text: He shoots out a hand and grabs the window ledge. His momentum
text: forces him to swing against the wall, hard, knocking the wind
text: out of him. He dangles one-handed, panting.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 60.
text: Faces appear in the window above him: Cersei and her twin
dialog: brother, Jaime.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: He saw us.
text: As distraught as the queen looks, Jaime simply seems amused,
text: watching the terrified boy with a small smile.
text: Bran’s fingers start to slip. He grabs the ledge with his
text: other hand. Fingernails dig into unyielding stone. Jaime
text: reaches down.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Take my hand.
text: Bran seizes Jaime’s arm and holds on with all his strength.
text: Jaime yanks him up to the ledge with no apparent effort and
text: stands him on the window sill.
speaker_heading: CERSEI
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: (ignoring her)
dialog: How old are you, boy?
speaker_heading: BRAN
dialog: Eight.
text: Now that he’s safe, Bran trembles, realizing how close he
text: came to dying. He releases Jaime’s arm.
text: Jaime looks at his sister. There is loathing in his voice:
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: The things I do for love.
text: He shoves Bran. The boy falls backward out the window,
text: screaming, the courtyard rushing up to meet him.
text: Somewhere in the distance, a wolf howls.
text: Crows circle the broken tower.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
