dialog: 
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Written by
dialog: John Briley
dialog: Final Draft
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SKY - DAY
text: The camera is moving toward an Indian city. We are high and
text: far away, only the sound of the wind as we grow nearer and
text: nearer, and through the passing clouds these words appear:
dialog: "No man's life can be encompassed in one telling. There is
dialog: no way to give each year its allotted weight, to include
dialog: each event, each person who helped to shape a lifetime. What
dialog: can be done is to be faithful in spirit to the record, and
dialog: to try to find one's way to the heart of the man..."
text: And now we are approaching the city, the squalor of the little
text: shanty dwellings around the outskirts, the shadows of large
text: factories... And as we move nearer, coursing over the parched
text: terrain, the tiny fields of cultivation, strands of sound
text: are woven through the main titles, borne on the wind, images
dialog: from the life we are seeking:
dialog: British: "Who the hell is he?!", lower class British: "I
dialog: don't know, sir."... "My name is Gandhi. Mohandas K.
text: Gandhi."... A woman's voice, tender, soft: "You are my best
dialog: friend, my highest guru... and my sovereign lord."... A man
dialog: (Gandhi): "I am asking you to fight!"... An angry aristocratic
dialog: English voice: "At home children are writing 'essays' about
text: him!"... the sound of massed rifle fire, screams...
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - CITY - DAY
text: And now we are over the city, coming in toward a particular
text: street in the affluent suburbs of New Delhi... there are a
text: few cars (it is 1948), and we are closing on a milling crowd
text: near the entrance to one of the larger homes.
text: We see saris, Indian tunics, a sprinkling of "Gandhi" caps,
text: several tongas (two-wheeled, horse-drawn taxis)... the shreds
text: of sound continue -- American woman, flirtatious, intimate:
dialog: "You're the only man I know who makes his own clothes."
text: Gandhi's laugh... The sound of rioting, women's cries and
text: screams of terror... An American voice: "This man of peace"...
text: And as the titles end we begin to pick up the sounds of the
text: street... an Australian and his wife, a BBC correspondent...
text: all in passing, as the camera finally closes and holds on
dialog: one young man: Godse.
scene_heading: BIRLA HOUSE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Godse steps from a tonga as the crowd begins to move toward
text: an entrance-way at the back of a long wall.
scene_heading: HOUSE SERVANT'S VOICE
dialog: He will be saying prayers in the
dialog: garden -- just follow the others.
text: In contrast to those about him, there is tension in Godse's
text: face, an air of danger in his movements.
text: He glances at two policemen who are talking casually, absorbed
text: in their own gossip -- then he looks back at another tonga
text: that pulls up just behind his. Two young men (Apte and
text: Karkare) meet Godse's gaze, and again we get the sense of
dialog: imminent danger.
text: They descend and pay their driver absently, their eyes
text: watching the crowd.
text: Sitting along in the shadows of a stationary tonga a little
text: distance down the street an elderly man (Prakash) with a
text: short, close-cropped beard and the taut, sunken flesh of a
text: cadaver is watching...
text: Apte and Karkare look back at him. There is just the slightest
text: acknowledgment and then Prakash lifts his eyes to the gate,
text: as though to tell them to be about their business.
scene_heading: THE GATE AT BIRLA HOUSE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Godse hesitates before approaching the two gardeners who
text: nonchalantly flank the entrance. He stiffens himself,
text: cautiously touches something under his khaki jacket, then
text: glances back at the stoic face of Prakash. Prakash's gaze is
text: as firm and unrelenting as a death's head. Godse turns back,
text: wetting his lips nervously, then moves into the middle of a
text: group going through the gate.
scene_heading: GARDEN - BIRLA HOUSE - EXTERIOR - TWILIGHT
text: A fairly numerous crowd is gathering here, informally filling
text: the area on one side of a walk that leads to a little pavilion --
text: some devout, some curious, some just eager to be near the
dialog: great man.
text: Godse moves forward through them toward the front just as
text: hushed voices begin to remark -- "I see him." "Here he comes!"
dialog: "Which one is Manu?"...
text: Apte and Karkare move to different sides of Godse, staying a
text: little behind, their movements sly and wary, aware of people
dialog: watching.
text: Featuring Gandhi. We see him distantly through the crowd.
text: The brown, wiry figure cloaked only in loincloth and shawl,
text: still weak from his last fast and moving without his customary
text: spring and energy as he is supported by his two grand nieces,
text: his "walking sticks," Manu and Abha.
text: We do not see him clearly until the very last moment -- only
text: glimpses of him as he smiles, and exchanges little jokes
text: with some of the crowd and the two young women who support
text: him, occasionally joining his hands together in greeting to
text: someone in particular, then once more proceeding with a hand
text: on the shoulder of each of the girls.
text: The camera keeps moving closer, and the point of view is
dialog: always Godse's, but Gandhi is always in profile or half
text: obscured by the heads and shoulders of those in front. We
text: hear the occasional click of a camera, and we intercut with
text: shots of Godse moving tensely up through the crowd, of Apte
text: and Karkare on the periphery of the crowd, watching with
text: sudden fear and apprehension, like men paralysed by the
dialog: presence of danger.
text: Featuring Godse. He slides through to the very front rank.
text: His breathing is short and there is perspiration around the
text: sides of his temples. And now, for an instant we see Gandhi
text: close from his point of view. He is only a few steps away,
text: but turned to speak to someone on the other side, and Manu
text: half obscures him.
text: Godse swallows dryly, tension lining his face -- then he
text: moves boldly out into Gandhi's path, bumping Manu, knocking
text: a vessel for incense from her hands.
speaker_heading: MANU
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Brother -- Bapu is already late for
dialog: prayers.
text: Ignoring her, his nerves even more taut, Godse joins his
text: hands together and bows in greeting to the Mahatma.
text: And now we see Gandhi in full shot. The cheap glasses, the
text: nut-brown head, the warm, eager eyes. He smiles and joins
text: his hands together to exchange Godse's greeting.
text: Godse moves his right hand rapidly from the stance of prayer
text: to his jacket, in an instant -- it holds a gun, and he fires
text: point blank at Gandhi -- loud, startling -- once, twice...
dialog: thrice.
text: Gandhi's white shawl is stained with blood as he falls.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Oh, God... oh, God...
text: Amid the screams and sounds of chaos we dissolve through to
scene_heading: KINGSWAY - NEW DELHI - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Close shot. Soldier's feet moving in the slow step, half-
dialog: step, step of the requiem march...
text: Full shot. The huge funeral procession -- crowds such as
text: have never been seen on the screen massed along the route.
text: People everywhere, clinging to monuments, lamp standards,
text: trees -- and as the camera pulls back from the funeral cortege
text: it reveals more and more... and more. All are silent. We
text: only hear a strange, rhythmic shuffling, pierced by an
text: occasional wail of grief. We see the soldiers and sailors
text: lining the route, their hands locked together in one seemingly
text: endless chain. We see the two hundred men of the Army, Navy
text: and Air Force drawing the Army weapon-carrier that bears the
dialog: body of Gandhi.
text: And finally we see Gandhi lying on the weapon-carrier,
text: surrounded by flowers, a tiny figure in this ocean of grief
dialog: and reverence.
scene_heading: THE COMMENTATORS' ROSTRUM - KINGSWAY - NEW DELHI - EXTERIOR -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Commentators from all over the world are covering the
dialog: ceremony. We concentrate on one, let us say the most
dialog: distinguished American broadcaster of the time, Edward R.
text: Murrow, who sits on the makeshift platform, a microphone
text: marked "CBS" before him, describing the procession as
text: technicians and staff move quietly around him.
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: (clipped, weighted)
dialog: ...The object of this massive tribute
dialog: died as he had always lived -- a
dialog: private man without wealth, without
dialog: property, without official title or
dialog: office...
scene_heading: KINGSWAY - NEW DELHI - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: As the cortege continues on its way, we get shots of the
text: marching soldiers, of the faces of Sikhs, and Tamils, Anglo-
dialog: Indians, Moslems from the north, Marathas from the south,
text: blue-eyed Parsees, dark-skinned Keralans...
scene_heading: MURROW'S VOICE-OVER
dialog: Mahatma Gandhi was not a commander
dialog: of great armies nor ruler of vast
dialog: lands, he could boast no scientific
dialog: achievements, no artistic gift...
dialog: Yet men, governments and dignitaries
dialog: from all over the world have joined
dialog: hands today to pay homage to this
text: little brown man in the loincloth
dialog: who led his country to freedom...
text: We see the throng, following the weapon-carrier bier of Gandhi
text: as it slowly inches its way along the Kingsway.
text: Mountbatten, tall, handsome, bemedalled, walks at the head
text: of dignitaries from many lands... and behind them a broad
text: mass of Indians. For a moment we see their sandalled feet
text: moving along the roadway and realize their quiet, rhythmic
text: shuffling is the only noise this vast assemblage has produced.
scene_heading: MURROW'S VOICE-OVER
dialog: Pope Pius, the Archbishop of
dialog: Canterbury, President Truman, Chiang
dialog: Kai-shek, The Foreign Minister of
dialog: Russia, the President of France...
dialog: are among the millions here and abroad
dialog: who have lamented his passing. In
dialog: the words of General George C.
dialog: Marshall, the American Secretary of
dialog: State, "Mahatma Gandhi had become
dialog: the spokesman for the conscience of
dialog: mankind..."
text: In the crowd following the bier we pick out the tall, English
text: figure of Mirabehn, dressed in a sari, her face taut in a
text: grief that seems ready to break like the Ganges in flood.
text: Near her a tall, heavy-set man, Germanic, still powerful of
text: build and mien though his white hair and deep lines suggest
text: a man well into his sixties (Kallenbach). He too marches
text: with a kind of numb air of loss that is too personal for
dialog: national mourning.
text: On the edge of the street an American newspaperman (Walker)
text: watches as the bier passes him. He has been making notes,
text: but his hand stops now and we see the profile of Gandhi from
text: his point of view as the weapon-carrier silently rolls by.
text: It is personal, close. Walker clenches his teeth and there
text: is moisture in his eyes as he looks down. He tries to bring
text: his attention to his pad again, but his heart is not in it
text: and he stares with hollow emptiness at the street and the
text: horde of passing feet following the bier.
scene_heading: MURROW'S VOICE-OVER
dialog: ...a man who made humility and simple
dialog: truth more powerful than empires."
dialog: And Albert Einstein added,
dialog: "Generations to come will scarce
dialog: believe that such a one as this ever
dialog: in flesh and blood walked upon this
dialog: earth."
text: The camera picks out those who ride on the weapon-carrier
text: with Gandhi's body... the stout, blunt, but now shattered
text: Patel, Gandhi's son, Devadas, the strong, almost fierce face
text: of Maulana Azad, now angry at the Gods themselves... and
text: finally Pandit Nehru -- a face with the strength of a hero,
text: the sensitivity of a poet, and now wounded like the son of a
dialog: loving father.
scene_heading: MURROW'S VOICE-OVER
dialog: ... but perhaps to this man of peace,
dialog: to this fighter who fought without
dialog: malice or falsehood or hate, the
dialog: tribute he would value most has come
dialog: from General Douglas McArthur: "If
dialog: civilization is to survive," the
dialog: General said this morning, "all men
dialog: cannot fail to adopt Gandhi's belief
dialog: that the use of force to resolve
dialog: conflict is not only wrong but
text: contains within itself the germ of
dialog: our own self-destruction."...
text: A news truck is parked in the mass of the crowd. As the
text: cortege nears, the photographers on it stand to snap their
text: pictures. There is a newsreel crew center. The camera features
text: a woman photographer (Margaret Bourke-White) who sits with
text: her legs dangling over the side of the truck, her famous
text: camera held loosely in her hand, un-regarded, as she watches
text: the body of Gandhi approach. The intelligent features are
text: betrayed by the emotion in her eyes. For an instant we see
dialog: Gandhi from her point of view, and read the personal impact
text: it has on her.
scene_heading: MURROW'S VOICE-OVER
dialog: Perhaps for the rest of us, the most
dialog: satisfying comment on this tragedy
dialog: comes from the impudent New York PM
dialog: which today wrote, "There is still
dialog: hope for a world which reacts as
dialog: reverently as ours has to the death
dialog: of a man like Gandhi."...
text: The camera is high and we see the cortege from the rear,
text: moving off down the vast esplanade, its narrowing path parting
text: the sea of humanity like a long trail across a weaving
text: plain... and as the shuffling sound of sandalled feet fades
text: in the distance we dissolve through to
scene_heading: RAILROAD - SOUTH AFRICA - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: With the camera high we see a railroad track stretching out
text: across a darkly verdant plain, and suddenly the whistle of a
text: train as its engine and light sweep under the camera,
text: startling us as it sweeps across the moonlit landscape.
text: Tracking with the train. We begin at the guard's van, dwelling
text: for a moment on the words "South African Railways," then
text: pass on to the dimly lit Third Class coaches in the rear of
text: the train, moving past the crowded Blacks and Indians in the
dialog: spare wooden accommodation... There are two or three such
dialog: coaches, then a Second Class coach... cushioned seats, better
text: lighting, a smattering of Europeans: farmers, clerks, young
text: families. Their clothes indicate the date: the early 1890s.
text: The conductor is working his way through this coach, checking
text: tickets... The track continues to the First Class coach --
text: linen over the seats, well-lit luxurious compartments. We
text: pass a single European, and then come to rest on the back of
text: a young Indian dressed in a rather dandified Victorian attire,
text: and reading as a Black porter stows his luggage.
scene_heading: FIRST CLASS COACH - SOUTH AFRICAN RAILWAYS - INTERIOR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Featuring the young Indian. It is the young Gandhi -- a full
text: head of hair, a somewhat sensuous face, only the eyes help
dialog: us to identify him as the man we saw at Birla House, the
text: figure on the bier in Delhi. He is lost in his book and there
text: is a slight smile on his face as though what he reads
text: intrigues and surprises him. He grins suddenly at some
text: insight, then looks out of the window, weighing the idea.
text: As he does the European passes the compartment and stops
text: dead on seeing an Indian face in the First Class section.
text: The porter glances at the European nervously. Gandhi pivots
text: to the porter, holding his place in the book, missing the
dialog: European, who has moved on down the corridor, altogether. We
dialog: see the cover of the book: The Kingdom of God is Within You,
dialog: by Leo Tolstoy.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Tell me -- do you think about hell?
speaker_heading: PORTER
text: (stares at him blankly)
dialog: "Hell!"
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (the eternal, earnest
dialog: sophomore)
dialog: No -- neither do I. But...
dialog: (he points abruptly
dialog: to the book)
dialog: but this man is a Christian and he
dialog: has written --
text: The porter has glanced down the corridor, where from his
text: point of view we can just glimpse the European talking with
dialog: the conductor.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Excuse me, baas, but how long have
dialog: you been in South Africa?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: A -- a week.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Well, I don't know how you got a
dialog: ticket for --
text: He looks up suddenly then turns back quickly to his work.
text: Gandhi glances at the door to see what has frightened him
dialog: so.
text: The European and the conductor push open the door and stride
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Here -- coolie, just what are you
dialog: doing in this car?
text: Gandhi is incredulous that he is being addressed in such a
dialog: manner.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Why -- I -- I have a ticket. A First
dialog: Class ticket.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: How did you get hold of it?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I sent for it in the post. I'm an
dialog: attorney, and I didn't have time to --
text: He's taken out the ticket but there is a bit of bluster in
text: his attitude and it is cut off by a cold rebuff from the
dialog: European.
speaker_heading: EUROPEAN
dialog: There are no colored attorneys in
dialog: South Africa. Go and sit where you
dialog: belong.
text: He gestures to the back of the train. Gandhi is nonplussed
text: and beginning to feel a little less sure of himself. The
text: porter, wanting to avoid trouble, reaches for Gandhi's
text: suitcases.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I'll take your luggage back, baas.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: No, no -- just a moment, please.
text: He reaches into this waistcoat and produces a card which he
text: presents to the conductor.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You see, Mohandas K. Gandhi, Attorney
dialog: at Law. I am going to Pretoria to
dialog: conduct a case for an Indian trading
dialog: firm.
speaker_heading: EUROPEAN
dialog: Didn't you hear me? There are no
dialog: colored attorneys in South Africa!
text: Gandhi is still puzzled by his belligerence, but is beginning
text: to react to it, this time with a touch of irony.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Sir, I was called to the bar in London
dialog: and enrolled in the High Court of
dialog: Chancery -- I am therefore an
dialog: attorney, and since I am -- in your
dialog: eyes -- colored -- I think we can
dialog: deduce that there is at least one
dialog: colored attorney in South Africa.
dialog: The Porter stares -- amazed!
speaker_heading: EUROPEAN
dialog: Smart bloody kaffir -- throw him
dialog: out!
text: He turns and walks out of the compartment.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: You move your damn sammy carcass
dialog: back to third class or I'll have you
text: thrown off at the next station.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (anger, a touch of
dialog: panic)
dialog: I always go First Class! I have
dialog: traveled all over England and I've
dialog: never...
scene_heading: MARITZBURG STATION - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Gandhi's luggage is thrown onto the station platform. A blast
text: of steam from the engine.
text: A policeman and the conductor are pulling Gandhi from the
text: First Class car. Gandhi is clinging to the safety rails by
text: the door, a briefcase clutched firmly in one hand. The
text: European cracks on Gandhi's hands with his fist, breaking
text: Gandhi's grip and the policeman and conductor push him across
text: the platform. It is ugly and demeaning. Disgustedly, the
text: conductor shakes himself and signals for the train to start.
text: Gandhi rights himself on the platform, picking up his
text: briefcase, his face a mixture of rage, humiliation, impotence.
text: The conductor hurls Gandhi's book at his feet as the train
text: starts to move.
text: Gandhi picks up the book, looking off at the departing train.
text: A lamp swinging in the wind alternately throws his face into
text: light and darkness.
text: His point of view. The Black porter stares out of a window
text: at him, then we see the European taking his seat again,
text: righteously. The conductor standing in the door, watching
text: Gandhi even as the train pulls out. Then the Second Class
text: coach, with people standing at the window to stare at Gandhi --
text: then the Third Class coaches, again with Blacks and a few
text: Indians looking at Gandhi with mystification and a touch of
dialog: fear.
text: Gandhi stands with a studied air of defiance as the train
text: pulls away -- but when it is gone he is suddenly very aware
text: of his isolation and looks around the cold, dark platform
text: with self-conscious embarrassment.
text: A Black railway worker looks as if he would like to express
text: sympathy, but he cannot find the courage and turns away from
text: Gandhi's gaze, pulling his collar up against the piercing
dialog: wind.
text: The policeman who pulled Gandhi from the train talks with
text: the ticket-taker under the gas-lit entrance gate, both of
text: them staring off at Gandhi.
text: An Indian woman near the entrance sits in a woolen sari, her
text: face half-veiled. A small child sleeps in her arms, and there
text: is a tattered bundle of clothing at her feet. She turns away
text: from Gandhi's gaze as though it brought the plague itself.
scene_heading: MR. BAKER'S LIVING ROOM - INTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Featuring Gandhi. As if a reverse angle from the previous
text: shot, he is angry, baffled, defiant.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: But you're a rich man -- why do you
dialog: put up with it?
text: We are in a large Victorian parlor in a well-to-do home.
text: Facing Gandhi are Khan, a tall, impressive Indian. Singh,
text: slighter and older than Khan, but wiry and looking capable
dialog: of physical as well as intellectual strength, and Khan's
text: twenty-year-old son, Tyeb Mohammed.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: (a shrug)
dialog: I'm rich -- but I'm Indian. I
dialog: therefore do not expect to travel
dialog: First Class.
dialog: It is said with a dignity and strength that makes the
text: statement all the more bewildering. Gandhi looks around
text: helplessly. We see Mr. Baker, a wealthy white lawyer, whose
text: home this is, poking at the fire, slightly amused at Gandhi's
dialog: naïveté.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: In England, I was a poor student but
dialog: I --
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: That was England.
text: Gandhi is holding a British legal document; he lifts it
dialog: pointedly.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: This part of "England's" Empire!
speaker_heading: SINGH
dialog: Mr. Gandhi, you look at Mr. Khan and
dialog: see a successful Muslim trader. The
dialog: South Africans see him simply as an
dialog: Indian. And the vast majority of
dialog: Indians -- mostly Hindu like yourself --
dialog: (there is a moment of
dialog: blinking embarrassment
dialog: from Gandhi at this
dialog: mention of his own
dialog: religion)
dialog: were brought here to work the mines
dialog: and harvest the crops -- and the
dialog: Europeans don't want them doing
dialog: anything else.
text: Gandhi looks at Mr. Baker almost in disbelief.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: But that is very un-Christian.
text: Mr. Baker smothers a smile.
speaker_heading: TYEB MOHAMMED
dialog: Mr. Gandhi, in this country Indians
dialog: are not allowed to walk along a
dialog: pavement with a "Christian"!
text: Gandhi looks at Khan incredulously.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You mean you employ Mr. Baker as
dialog: your attorney, but you can't walk
dialog: down the street with him?
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: I can. But I risk being kicked into
dialog: the gutter by someone less "holy"
dialog: than Mr. Baker.
text: He smiles, but his eyes show that it is no joke.
text: Gandhi glances from one to the other them -- absorbing the
text: inconceivable. And then almost before our eyes his innocence
text: of the world fuses with his anger at the injustice of it
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Well, then, it must be fought. We
dialog: are children of God like everyone
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Allah be praised. And what battalions
dialog: will you call upon?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I -- I will write to the press --
dialog: here -- and in England.
dialog: (He turns to Baker
dialog: firmly)
dialog: And I will use the courts.
text: He lifts the documents threateningly.
speaker_heading: SINGH
dialog: You will make a lot of trouble.
text: Its tone is chilling, and Gandhi's firmness is shaken a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: We are members of the Empire. And we
dialog: come from an ancient civilization.
dialog: Why should we not walk on the
dialog: pavements like other men?
text: The sturdy Khan is studying him with a look of wry interest.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: I rather like the idea of an Indian
dialog: barrister in South Africa. I'm sure
dialog: our community could keep you in work
dialog: for some time, Mr. Gandhi -- even if
dialog: you caused a good deal of trouble.
dialog: (Gandhi reacts
dialog: uncertainly.)
dialog: Especially if you caused a good deal
dialog: of trouble.
text: Gandhi glances at Tyeb Mohammed and Baker, then stiffens,
text: plainly frightened by the challenge, but just as plainly
dialog: determined to take it.
scene_heading: MOSQUE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: We see a rather crudely stitched sign: "Indian Congress Party
text: of South Africa." Gandhi, now sporting a moustache, stands
text: with Khan and Singh near a fire that has been started in the
text: open area before the Mosque. A wire basket has been placed
text: on supports over the fire. Before them, a small crowd, mostly
text: Indian (Hindus, Sikhs, Muslims), but with a few Whites drawn
text: by curiosity. Gandhi whispers, trying to ignore the crowd.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: There's the English reporter. I told
dialog: you he'd come.
text: We see the English reporter waiting skeptically. Near him,
text: trying to be inconspicuous on the edge of the small crowd,
text: are five policemen (one sergeant and four constables). A
text: horse-drawn paddy wagon is drawn up beside them.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: You also said your article would
dialog: draw a thousand people.
dialog: (If the crowd numbers
dialog: 100 they're lucky.)
dialog: At least some of the Hindus brought
dialog: their wives.
text: We see five or six women in saris standing together.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: No. I asked my wife to organize that.
text: We feature Gandhi's wife, Ba, standing at the front of the
text: women. She possesses a surprising delicacy of feature, with
text: large expressive eyes and a beautiful mouth -- but at this
text: moment she is ill at ease and uncertain, forcing herself to
dialog: do that which she would rather not.
speaker_heading: SINGH
dialog: (alarmed)
text: Some of them are leaving...
text: Gandhi wets his lips nervously. He glances with a little
text: apprehension at the police, then takes his notes from his
text: pocket and moves to the front of the fire. He holds up his
text: hand for attention. He forces a smile -- then starts reading --
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, we have asked
dialog: you to gather here to help us proclaim
dialog: our right to be treated as equal
dialog: citizens of the Empire.
text: It is flat and dull, like someone reading a speech to
text: themselves, and those in the crowd who had hesitated before
text: wandering off shrug and continue on their way. Gandhi is
text: unnerved by it a little but he struggles on -- louder, but
text: just as colorlessly.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: We do not seek conflict. We know the
text: strength of the forces arrayed against
dialog: us, know that because of them we can
dialog: only use peaceful means -- but we
dialog: are determined that justice will be
dialog: done!
text: This last has come more firmly, and he lifts his head to the
text: crowd, as though expecting a reaction. Three or four committed
text: supporters applaud as on cue, but his technique is so inexpert
text: that it draws nothing but blank faces from the bulk of them.
text: He glances nervously at Ba, who is embarrassed for them both
text: now. She wraps her sari more closely around her and her
dialog: expression is a wife's "I told you so" -- sufferance,
text: mortification and loyalty, all in one. Gandhi wets his lips
text: again -- and takes a square of cardboard from his pocket --
dialog: his "pass."
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: The symbol of our status is embodied
dialog: in this pass -- which we must carry
dialog: at all times, but no European even
dialog: has to have.
text: He holds it up. A constable glances at the police sergeant.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: And the first step to changing our
dialog: status is to eliminate this difference
dialog: between us.
text: And he turns and drops his pass in the wire basket over the
text: fire. The flames engulf it.
text: The police sergeant's eyes go wide with disbelief. The crowd
text: murmurs in shock. At last Gandhi has got a reaction, but the
dialog: dropping of the card has been as matter-of-fact as his
dialog: speaking, with none of the drama one might expect from so
text: startling a gesture. Even so, a constable glances at the
text: police sergeant again, "Do we take him?". The sergeant just
text: shakes his head, "Wait."
text: Khan moves up to Gandhi as the tremor of reaction ripples
text: through the crowd.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You write brilliantly, but you have
dialog: much to learn about handling men.
text: He takes Gandhi's notes from him, and faces the crowd.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: (the reading not
dialog: fluent, but firm and
dialog: pointed)
dialog: We do not want to ignite... the fear
dialog: or hatred of anyone. But we ask you --
dialog: Hindu, Muslim and Sikh -- to help us
dialog: light up the sky... and the minds of
dialog: the British authorities -- with our
dialog: defiance of this injustice.
text: It is the end of the speech. He looks at the crowd. No one
text: knows quite what to do. Gandhi harumphs -- gesturing to a
text: shallow box Singh holds. Kahn turns back, extemporizing rather
text: lamely.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: We will now burn the passes of our
dialog: committee and its supporters. We ask
dialog: you to put your passes on the fire
dialog: with --
speaker_heading: POLICE SERGEANT
dialog: Oh, no, you bloody well don't!
text: He has stepped forward with his constables, who have faced
text: the crowd, halting the tentative movements of the few
text: committed supporters toward the fire.
speaker_heading: POLICE SERGEANT
dialog: Those passes are government property!
dialog: And I will arrest the first man who
dialog: tries to burn one!
text: He is facing the crowd. Behind him, Khan holds himself erect
text: and slowly takes his own card from his pocket. He holds it
text: aloft and then lowers it resolutely into the wire basket.
text: The crowd reacts and the sergeant turns just in time to see
text: it dropped in the flame.
speaker_heading: POLICE SERGEANT
dialog: Take him away!
text: He gestures to a constable, who turns from the crowd and
text: marches to Khan, seizing him by the arm and marching him to
text: the paddy wagon. As he passes the sergeant, the sergeant
text: takes his billy club, and faces the crowd, rapping the club
text: menacingly against his hand.
speaker_heading: POLICE SERGEANT
dialog: Now -- are there any more?!
text: Behind him, Gandhi wavers indecisively a moment, then takes
text: the box from Singh and moves to the fire. Ba holds her hand
text: to her mouth -- terrified. Again the crowd's reaction turns
text: the sergeant. Gandhi is at the fire. For a second, his eyes
text: lock with the sergeant's -- and then nervously, he takes a
text: card and drops it in the wire basket, and another.
speaker_heading: POLICE SERGEANT
dialog: You little sammy bastard -- I --
text: He has leapt across the distance between them, knocking the
text: box from Gandhi's hands, sending the cards flying and shoving
text: Gandhi to the ground. He turns and faces the crowd angrily,
text: pointing the billy club threateningly.
speaker_heading: POLICE SERGEANT
dialog: You want that kind of trouble -- you
dialog: can have it!
text: Again, a murmur from the crowd turns him. Gandhi, on his
text: hands and knees, blood trickling from his abraded cheek, has
text: picked up a card from the ground and he leans forward
text: apprehensively, his eyes fearfully on the sergeant, but he
text: drops it defiantly in the basket. The sergeant's fury bursts --
text: and he slams the billy club down on Gandhi's head. Gandhi
text: sags to the ground. Ba screams. She starts to run to him,
text: but the other women seize her.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Let me go!
text: She fights loose, but one of the constables takes her firmly.
text: The sergeant turns from the commotion to see that Gandhi,
text: his head oozing blood, has crawled to his knees again and is
text: picking up another card. The crowd watches. The newspaper
text: reporter watches. Ba stares in anguish. Gandhi lifts the
text: card. The sergeant stares at him, angry but his emotions
text: somewhat in control after the first blow.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Stop!
text: An instant of hesitation, then Gandhi drops the card into
text: the basket. The sergeant almost stops, but he strikes again.
text: A quiver of distaste at his own act crosses his face as Gandhi
dialog: sags.
text: Ba's anguished face is wet with tears. The newspaper reporter
text: stares without making notes. Khan, at the paddy wagon, watches
dialog: in wonder.
text: Gandhi, his head bleeding badly now, rises to his knees -- a
text: breath and he gropes around the ground for another card. His
text: fingers finally clutch one.
text: The sergeant stares, his face wracked with uncertainty and
dialog: confusion.
text: Gandhi lifts the card and painfully holds it over the fire,
text: then drops it in the basket.
text: The sergeant slams the billy club down again -- firmly, but
text: with a manifest reluctance. The crowd watches breathlessly,
text: the newspaper reporter stares. The sergeant draws a breath,
text: grasping the club, but he bites his lip as he sees Gandhi
text: lift his head feebly, his shaking hands, stained with his
text: own blood, groping for another card...
scene_heading: GANDHI'S BEDROOM - SOUTH AFRICA - INTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Ba is gently removing Gandhi's suit coat, staring fearfully
text: at a bandage on his head, another along the side of his face.
text: The room is gaslit, overfurnished in the Victorian manner.
text: Middle class. Gandhi sits carefully on the bed, where some
text: newspapers are spread out, English-language ones among them.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You saved the papers.
text: Ba reaches forth, gently touching the bandages on his head.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: I wish you were still struggling for
dialog: work in Bombay.
text: Gandhi doesn't take his eyes from the papers, but he shakes
text: his head.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I hated that -- all the pettiness,
dialog: the little corruptions.
dialog: (A reflective grin.)
dialog: And I was more laughing stock than
dialog: lawyer.
text: He smiles whimsically, then turns back to the papers.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: But they needed me here. If I'd never
dialog: been thrown off that train, perhaps
dialog: no one would ever have needed me.
text: Ba stares at the back of his head, wounded by that remark,
text: bearing it as stoically as he bore the blows against him.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "A high court judge has confirmed
dialog: that Mr. Gandhi would have been within
dialog: his rights to prosecute for assault
dialog: since neither he nor Mr. Khan resisted
dialog: arrest." -- I told you about English
dialog: law.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: As I told you about English policemen.
text: Before Gandhi can retort there is a knock on the door.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Yes?
text: A small, round ayah (an Indian nursemaid) pushes open the
text: door and proudly admits her charges, Gandhi's sons: Harilal
text: (ten), Manilal (six) and Ramdas (two). They are all dressed
text: in European suits, ties and stiff collars. They step forward,
text: one by one, making the pranam (the Hindu gesture of greeting),
text: then bending and touching the hands and lips to Gandhi's
text: feet in the traditional obeisance of child to father.
speaker_heading: HARILAL
dialog: We are glad to have you back, Bapu.
text: Gandhi smiles.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: And I am glad to be back.
text: (He holds his hands
dialog: out to Ramdas.)
dialog: Come...
text: And Ramdas runs to him and Gandhi bends to kiss him as Ramdas
text: put his arms around his neck.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Be careful!
text: Gandhi pats him indulgently, then carefully stands erect,
text: looking at them all with satisfaction.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Tomorrow I will tell you what it
dialog: feels like to be a jailbird.
text: The two older boys show the expected apprehension -- and
text: interest. Gandhi nods to the ayah. She claps her hands
text: smartly.
speaker_heading: AYAH
dialog: Come. Come.
text: The boys bow and leave like boys used to household discipline.
text: The ayah closes the door and we hear their chatter at they
dialog: go down the hall.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Just like proper English gentlemen.
dialog: I'm proud of them.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: They are boys. -- And they're Indian.
text: Gandhi is stretching out on the bed, taking up another paper.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Hm. Will you take this off?
dialog: (he touches the bandage
dialog: on his cheek)
dialog: It pinches every time I speak.
text: Ba comes and sits down on the bed beside him, maneuvering so
text: that she can get at the bandage.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Here, you see? Even the South African
dialog: papers apologize -- "a monstrous
dialog: attack."
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (of the tape, as she
dialog: is about to pull it)
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Yes -- I can't talk like this.
text: Ba pauses and looks at him mischievously, as though that's
text: not a bad idea. He scowls at her, then recognizes her "joke"
text: and grins.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Pull!
text: Ba pulls one of the strands of tape and Gandhi flinches.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Oww!
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: Mr. Khan said they called you brave.
text: Gandhi is nursing the moustache; he looks at her wryly.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: If you would let me teach you to
dialog: read, you could see for yourself.
text: She leans forward to pull at the remaining piece.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: I could have told them you were merely
dialog: foolish.
text: Gandhi is watching her as she leans across him, her beauty
text: and proximity obviously stirring him.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It proves what I told you. If I had
dialog: prosecuted him as everyone advised --
dialog: even you -- they would have hated me --
dialog: by showing forgiveness I -- ouch!
text: She has pulled the other piece.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: There...
text: And she slowly pries the gauze free from the strands of hair
text: above his lip. As she does Gandhi watches her more and more
text: intently, and slips his arms around her back.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (as though continuing
dialog: the argument)
dialog: You see there is such a thing as
dialog: moral force -- and it can be
text: harnessed.
text: Ba examines the bandage and gently touches the wound, but
text: she is aware of his burning eyes and arms around her back.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Not always. You have told me twice
dialog: now that you were giving up the
dialog: pleasures of the flesh.
text: It slows Gandhi uneasily for a moment and Ba must grin at
text: his discomfiture. He leans back -- still holding her, but
text: looking at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am. I am convinced the holy men
dialog: are right. When you give up, you
dialog: gain. The simpler your life the
dialog: better.
text: Ba makes a moue of acceptance and starts to pull free of him --
text: but his arms still hold her. She smothers a smile and lies
text: down, her face next to his, but neither of them looking at
text: each other. A long beat... and then Gandhi turns his head.
text: She is aware of his eyes on her, but she doesn't move. Gandhi
text: leans forward and touches his lips to her neck.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I will fast tomorrow -- as a penance.
text: Ba smiles. Still not looking at him, she places her hand
text: behind his head, gently.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: If you enjoy it a great deal you
dialog: must fast for two days.
text: Gandhi laughs... and buries her in love.
scene_heading: STREET AND COURTYARD OF GOVERNMENT BUILDING - JOHANNESBURG -
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - MORNING
text: General Smuts -- sitting erect and imposing on a beautiful
text: chestnut horse -- rides down a tree-lined street. He wears
text: civilian clothes with riding boots and breeches. Behind him,
text: a junior British officer rides as escort. He turns into the
text: entrance-way of an imposing building.
text: The hooves of Smuts's horse clatter on the cobblestones as
text: the General rides into the courtyard. Two sentries come
text: smartly to attention. A stable boy rushes to take the horse,
text: and a tall civil servant approaches the General busily as he
text: dismounts.
speaker_heading: TALL CIVIL SERVANT
dialog: The London papers have arrived from
dialog: the Cape, sir.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Yes -- ?
text: The tall civil servant checks his notes.
speaker_heading: TALL CIVIL SERVANT
dialog: The worst was the Daily Mail, sir.
dialog: They said, "The burning of passes by
dialog: Mr. Gandhi was the most significant
dialog: act in colonial affairs since the
dialog: Declaration of Independence."
text: Smuts has given the reins to the stable boy.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Did they? Well, they'll find we're a
dialog: little better prepared this time.
dialog: Mr. Gandhi will find he's on a long
dialog: hiding to nothing.
text: And he strides into the building, past the smartly saluting
dialog: sentries.
scene_heading: GANDHI'S HOUSE - JOHANNESBURG - EXTERIOR - MORNING
text: Gandhi comes from the house door. He carries a briefcase and
text: is still dressed in European clothes, though far less elegant
dialog: than we have seen him in before. His mien, the cut of his
text: hair, all suggest a passage of time. As he turns, he stops
text: because he is face to face with Charlie Andrews, a very tall,
text: thin Englishman, who wears a rumpled white suit and a clerical
text: collar. He has descended from a horse-drawn taxi that carries
text: his luggage. He too has stopped. For a moment they both
text: appraise each other, neither speaking. Then
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You'd be Gandhi --
dialog: (Gandhi nods.)
dialog: ...I thought you'd be bigger.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I -- I mean it's all right. It doesn't
dialog: matter.
dialog: (He suddenly steps
text: forward and thrusts
text: out his hand.)
dialog: I'm -- my name is Andrews, Charlie
dialog: Andrews. I've come from India --
dialog: I've read a great deal about you.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Some of it good, I hope.
text: He turns and waves to the parlor window. The three boys are
text: there -- all bigger -- and Ba holds a new addition; they all
text: wave. And Gandhi turns back, and starts down the long, hilly
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: Would you care to walk?
text: He gestures Charlie on and starts walking.
text: Charlie nods uncertainly. He looks back at the cab in
text: confusion, then signals the driver to follow and hurries on
text: to match strides with Gandhi's brisk pace.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (noting Charlie's
dialog: collar)
dialog: You're a clergyman.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes. I've -- I've met some very
dialog: remarkable people in India... and --
dialog: and when I read what you've been
dialog: doing here, I -- I wanted to help.
text: (He looks at Gandhi,
text: then smiles awkwardly.)
dialog: Does that surprise you?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Not anymore.
dialog: (And now he smiles.)
dialog: At first I was amazed... but when
dialog: you are fighting in a just cause,
dialog: people seem to pop up -- like you --
text: right out of the pavement. Even when
dialog: it is dangerous or --
scene_heading: JOHANNESBURG SUBURB - EXTERIOR - MORNING
text: They have come to a turning, nearer to town, the area poorer,
text: run-down. Ahead of them three youths (twenty, twenty-one) in
text: working clothes, carrying lunch boxes, lean indolently against
text: a building directly in their path. They react to the sight
text: of Gandhi -- fun. Then stride the pavement menacingly. One
text: of them tosses aside his cigarette.
speaker_heading: FIRST YOUTH
dialog: Hey -- look what's comin'!
speaker_heading: SECOND YOUTH
text: A white shepherd leading a brown
dialog: sammy!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Perhaps I should --
text: Gandhi restrains him and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Doesn't the New Testament say, "If
dialog: your enemy strikes you on the right
dialog: cheek, offer him the left"?
text: He starts to move forward. Charlie hesitates, then follows
text: nervously, more nervous for Gandhi than himself.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think perhaps the phrase was used
dialog: metaphorically... I don't think our
dialog: Lord meant --
text: They are getting closer. The youths laughing, whispering.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I'm not so certain. I have thought
dialog: about it a great deal. I suspect he
dialog: meant you must show courage -- be
dialog: willing to take a blow -- several
dialog: blows -- to show you will not strike
dialog: back -- nor will you be turned
dialog: aside... And when --
text: One youth has flicked his cigarette -- hard. It lands at
text: Gandhi's feet. He pauses, looking at the youth.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: ...and when you do that it calls
dialog: upon something in human nature --
dialog: something that makes his hate for
dialog: you diminish and his respect increase.
dialog: I think Christ grasped that and I --
dialog: I have seen it work.
text: He starts forward again, he is almost on the youths -- clearly
dialog: frightened, but...
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: FIRST YOUTH
dialog: Get off the pavement, you bloody --
text: And he reaches forth to haul Gandhi from the pavement, but --
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Colin! Colin! What are you doing?
text: A woman is leaning out of an upstairs window, looking down
text: at the fracas disconcertedly. It is the first youth's mother
dialog: and her presence reduces the pitch of his hostility
dialog: considerably.
speaker_heading: FIRST YOUTH
dialog: Nuthing... nuthing. We were just
text: cleaning up the neighborhood a little.
text: A snickering response from the other youths -- but they are
text: embarrassed by the questioning disapproval of Colin's mother's
text: attitude. There's no note of apology in her cold stare at
dialog: Gandhi, but she clearly believes her son should not be doing
text: what he is doing.
speaker_heading: COLIN'S MOTHER
dialog: You're already late for work. I
dialog: thought you'd gone ten minutes ago.
text: The moment of crisis has passed. Nothing will happen while
text: she is there.
text: Gandhi steps back on the pavement, addressing the first youth.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You'll find there's room for us both.
text: And he steps around him, Charlie trailing, as the first youth
text: stares at them sullenly.
text: As they stride on, Charlie glancing back --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: That was lucky.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I thought you were a man of God.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (wittily, but making
dialog: his point)
dialog: I am. But I'm not so egotistical as
dialog: to think He plans His day around my
dialog: dilemmas.
text: Gandhi laughs as they turn the corner.
scene_heading: BUSY STREET - JOHANNESBURG - EXTERIOR - MORNING
text: A busy street in the center of the town. Gandhi and Charlie
text: come around the corner into it.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: ...you could call it a "communal
dialog: farm," I suppose. But we've all come
dialog: to the same conclusion -- our Gita,
dialog: the Muslim's Koran or your Bible --
dialog: it's always the simple things that
dialog: catch your breath -- "Love thy
dialog: neighbor as thyself" --
text: (He smiles, thinking
dialog: back at the youths.)
dialog: not always practiced -- but it's
dialog: something we Hindus could learn a
dialog: lot from.
text: He has paused before an office and a young girl (Sonja) has
dialog: come from it to speak to him about something of urgency, but
text: she hovers, not interrupting.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's the sort of thing you'll be
dialog: seeking on this "farm"...
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Well, we shall try.
text: And now he turns to Sonja. Behind her we see the small office
text: "M.K. Gandhi/Attorney." Several clients waits, most of them
text: conspicuously poor. Sonja's tone is loaded with foreboding.
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: They're going to change the pass
dialog: laws.
text: Gandhi absorbs the news stiffly.
scene_heading: SMUTS'S OFFICE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: A strong masculine hand scrawls a signature across a document.
speaker_heading: SMUTS'S VOICE-OVER
dialog: It's taken time, but it needed to be
dialog: done fairly. We didn't want to create
dialog: an injustice simply because Mr. Gandhi
dialog: was abusing our existing legislation.
text: Beneath the signature we see the boldly printed
dialog: identification: Jan Christian Smuts.
speaker_heading: SECOND VOICE
dialog: Just one second, sir, please.
text: Another angle. A cameraman records the moment with a flash
text: photo. General Smuts, whose presence is equal to his office,
text: addresses someone out of shot as a male secretary removes
dialog: the document.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: But on a short trip, I wouldn't spend
dialog: too much time on the Indian question,
dialog: Mr. Walker. It's a tiny factor in
dialog: South African life.
text: The reporter who stands opposite him is Walker, much, much
text: younger, almost boyish compared to the way we saw him at the
dialog: funeral.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (a helpless shrug)
dialog: It's news at the moment. I will
dialog: certainly report on your mines and
dialog: the economy -- but I would like to
dialog: meet this Mr. Gandhi.
text: Smuts has risen. He knows how to concede with grace.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Of course. We Westerners have a
dialog: weakness for these -- these
dialog: spiritually inclined men of India.
dialog: But as an old lawyer, let me warn
dialog: you, Mr. Gandhi is as shrewd a man
dialog: as you will ever meet, however
dialog: "otherworldly" he may seem. But I'm
dialog: sure you're enough of a reporter to
dialog: see that.
text: The gaze is firm, strong, cynical...
scene_heading: TENT - THE FARM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The sides are half up, but it is dusty and hot. This is where
text: the magazine Indian Opinion is printed and we see stacks of
text: it lying around. A short Westerner (Albert West) is running
text: the simple printing press which is powered by a crude
text: generator. A small staff helping him. A Sikh, a Muslim, a
text: couple of Hindus, two young boys.
text: Gandhi and Walker are approaching the tent from the river,
text: Gandhi discoursing earnestly.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: ...so it's not "spiritualism" or
dialog: "nationalism" -- we're not against
dialog: anything but the idea that people
dialog: can't live together.
text: They've reached the entrance to the tent, and he gestures
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You see -- Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs,
dialog: Jews -- even Christians.
text: This last remark has been directed toward Charlie Andrews,
text: who sits near them at a cluttered table, typing on an old
text: typewriter. He waves, and Gandhi shouts out to them all over
dialog: the putt-putt of the generator:
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Mr. Walker! Of The New York Times!
text: They nod. One of the Hindus bows with his hands clasped
text: together. Gandhi hands Walker a copy of Indian Opinion and
text: they start across the relatively barren field toward some
text: other tents, Walker glancing at the paper. Gandhi watches
text: him, grinning.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Without a paper -- a journal of some
dialog: kind -- you cannot unite a community.
dialog: (A teasing smile.)
dialog: You belong to a very important
dialog: profession.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Hm. And what should an "important
dialog: professional" write about your
dialog: response to General Smuts's new
dialog: legislation?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I don't know... I'm still searching
dialog: for a "response."
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (a leading question)
dialog: You will respect the law.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: There are unjust laws -- as there
dialog: are unjust men.
text: This carries a weight and apprehension that none of the rest
text: of the conversation has. Walker measures Gandhi with a little
dialog: surprise.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: You're a very small minority to take
dialog: on the Government -- and the Empire.
text: Gandhi seems trapped by an ineluctable fact.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: If you are a minority of one, the
dialog: truth is the truth.
text: Reluctant as it is, it too carries commitment and Walker
text: senses it. But they have come by a site where a building is
text: being erected, and a European (Kallenbach) is perched above
text: a doorway on the half-completed structure, getting a level.
text: Some Indians are working below him. Gandhi turns to him,
text: light-hearted again.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: This is Mr. Kallenbach. He is our
dialog: chief carpenter -- and also our chief
dialog: benefactor. He has made this
dialog: experiment possible.
text: Walker waves his notebook at him and Kallenbach lifts his
text: level in greeting. On his bronzed chest there is a Star of
text: David. Walker looks around, grinning, shaking his head. We
text: see two women in saris trying to quell some squabbling
text: children in the background.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Well, it's quite a place, your
dialog: "ashram" -- is that right?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: That's right. The word only means
dialog: "community." But it could stand for
dialog: "village"... or the world.
text: Walker looks at him appraisingly.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: You're an ambitious man.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (uncertainly)
dialog: I hope not.
text: A moment of embarrassed doubt, then he starts toward a half-
text: finished building -- wooden sides, door, but canvas still
text: covering the roof. It has an awning spread before it. Walker's
text: carriage is tethered nearby, a Black driver standing in the
text: sun, waiting. In the background we see two women cleaning a
text: latrine. Walker glances at the latrine.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: They tell me you also take your turn
text: at peeling potatoes and cleaning the
dialog: "outhouse" -- is that part of the
dialog: experiment?
text: As we have approached we see a table set for tea under the
text: awning. There are two places. Having set the places, Ba is
text: walking along the side of the building, away from them. She
text: glances at Gandhi tautly and deliberately avoids speaking or
text: acknowledging him.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a little surprised,
dialog: a little annoyed)
dialog: Ba -- we will need another place set
dialog: for Mr. Walker's driver.
text: Ba looks at him coldly.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: I will tell Sora.
text: She turns back and walks into the building by the rear
text: entrance. Gandhi is disconcerted by her attitude, but he
text: tries to answer Walker.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It's one way to learn that each man's
dialog: labor is as important as another's.
dialog: In fact when you're doing it,
dialog: "cleaning the outhouse" seems far
dialog: more important than the law.
text: A grin -- but forced. When a girl (Sora) comes from the
text: building bringing another cup and place setting, Gandhi calls
text: to the driver.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Please come and join us -- you'll
dialog: need something before your journey
dialog: back.
text: (He nods to Walker.)
dialog: Excuse me a moment.
text: And he goes into the building, determined to find the source
dialog: of Ba's aloofness.
scene_heading: GANDHI'S HUT - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Ba is sitting sullenly on a carpet near the rear entrance to
text: the building. She does not look up at Gandhi, but she is
text: aware of his presence. He crosses and stands in front of her
text: with all the irritation of a husband. It is hushed, aware
text: that Walker might overhear them, but bristling with suppressed
dialog: anger.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: What is it?
text: Now Ba looks at him hostilely.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Sora was sent to tell me I -- I must
text: rake and cover the latrine.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
text: Everyone takes his turn.
speaker_heading: BA
text: It is the work of untouchables.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: In this place there are no
dialog: untouchables -- and no work is beneath
dialog: any of us!
speaker_heading: BA
text: (she looks up at him)
dialog: I am your wife.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: All the more reason.
text: He holds her gaze as angrily as she holds his.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (finally, scornfully)
dialog: As you command.
text: As she starts to rise he grabs her arm, but she pulls free.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: The others may follow you -- but you
dialog: forget, I knew you when you were a
dialog: boy!
text: She says it derisively and it stings, but Gandhi is aware of
text: Walker and he fights to hold his temper.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It's not me. It's the principle. And
dialog: you will do it with joy or not do it
dialog: at all!
text: Ba settles back defiantly.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Not at all then...
text: For a moment Gandhi stares at her, and she back at him,
text: resentfully. He suddenly reaches down and grabs her arm,
text: pulling her roughly to her feet.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: All right, go! You don't belong here!
dialog: Go! Leave the ashram! Get out
dialog: altogether! We don't want you!
text: It is hushed but violent as he pulls her toward the rear
text: door, opening it to push her out as she struggles against
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Stop it! Stop it! What are you doing!?
text: She lurches free of his grip, glaring at him angrily. For a
text: moment they both stare at each other, shattered by their
dialog: violence.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Have you no shame? I'm your wife...
dialog: (Like lead)
dialog: Where do you expect me to go?
text: Gandhi stares at her breathlessly, his temper subsiding into
text: a dazed remorse. He sinks numbly to a stool, sitting, holding
text: his head in his hands. Ba studies him for a moment -- and
text: she sighs, her temper and breathing subsiding too. She moves
text: and kneels before him.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: What is the matter with me...?
text: A moment, then she soothes the top of his head -- like the
dialog: mother-wife she is.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You are human -- only human.
text: Gandhi looks up at her, blankly, abjectly.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: And it is even harder for those of
dialog: us who do not even want to be as
dialog: good as you do.
text: And Gandhi grins weakly. Ba catches it and sends it back,
text: warmer, less complicated by doubts. Gandhi sighs, putting
text: his arms around her and she leans into him so that their
text: heads are touching.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I apologize...
text: Ba mutters "Hm" and holds him a little firmer. A moment.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I must go back to that reporter.
dialog: Ba nods.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: ...And I must rake and cover the
dialog: latrine.
text: Gandhi holds her back so that he can look at her. She looks
text: at him evenly -- no smile, but the warmth still in her eyes.
scene_heading: IMPERIAL THEATER - INTERIOR - NIGHT
text: The theater is packed. The front rows near the stage are
text: held by rich Muslim merchants, the back of the stalls with
dialog: small traders, peddlers, artisans -- Muslim, Hindu, Parsee,
text: Sikh. The gallery is bulging with indentured laborers --
text: largely Hindu. The mood is restless, belligerent.
text: On the stage. Gandhi moves forward and he holds up his hand
text: for silence. Seated on the stage are Khan, Singh, three more
dialog: leaders of the Indian community. Charlie Andrews and Herman
text: Kallenbach sit at the very end of the line of chairs. Gandhi
text: looks around the audience and we see the packed house from
text: his point of view, ending with two plainclothes European
text: policemen conspicuous in seats at the end of the front row.
text: A uniformed policeman stands near them.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (to the house)
dialog: I want to welcome you all!
text: A buzz, then applause -- loud and defiant. When is subsides
text: Gandhi looks down at the plainclothes policemen, fixing his
text: gaze on them.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Every one of you.
dialog: (Then, still at them)
dialog: We -- have -- no -- secrets.
text: And again the audience bursts into applause. The policemen
text: just sit like stone -- confident, sure, immune to rhetoric.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Let us begin by being clear about
dialog: General Smuts's new law. All Indians
dialog: must now be fingerprinted -- like
dialog: criminals. Men and women.
text: (A rising, angry
dialog: response; Gandhi
dialog: just waits.)
dialog: No marriage other than a Christian
dialog: marriage is considered valid. Under
dialog: this Act our wives and mothers are
dialog: whores... And every man here a
dialog: bastard.
text: In the gallery a rhythmic pounding signals the anger and
text: protest and is taken up around the hall. The police stare
text: imperturbably. Khan leans towards Singh, nodding to Gandhi.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: He's become quite good at this.
text: Singh smiles at the understatement. Gandhi holds up his hand,
text: silencing the hall.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
text: And a policeman passing an Indian
dialog: dwelling -- I will not call them
dialog: homes -- may enter and demand the
dialog: card or any Indian woman whose
dialog: dwelling it is.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: God damn them!
text: Gandhi just waits.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Understand! He does not have to stand
text: at the door -- he may enter.
text: Now a violent response -- a large, powerful merchant rises
text: in the third row.
speaker_heading: MERCHANT
dialog: I swear to Allah I will kill the man
dialog: who offers that insult to my home
dialog: and my wife!
text: (A guttural cheer; he
text: glares at the police.)
dialog: And let them hang me!
text: Another cheer. When it subsides, Tyeb Mohammed rises near
text: the back, where he is seated with a number of other young
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: TYEB MOHAMMED
dialog: I say talk means nothing. Kill a few
dialog: officials before they disgrace one
dialog: Indian woman -- then they might think
dialog: twice about such laws!
text: The police half rise to look back at him, but there is a
text: smattering of applause and several stand to look back.
scene_heading: TYEB MOHAMMED'S FRIEND
dialog: In that cause, I would be willing to
dialog: die!
text: And now there is general applause. Gandhi waits, then
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I praise such courage. I need such
dialog: courage -- because in this cause, I
dialog: too am prepared to die...
dialog: (A response; he looks
dialog: at Tyeb Mohammed)
dialog: But, my friend, there is no cause
dialog: for which I am prepared to kill.
text: He looks at the audience. This is the more sober Gandhi they
dialog: have come to know.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I have asked you here tonight because
dialog: despite all their troops and police,
dialog: I think there is a way to defeat
dialog: this law. Whatever they do to us we
dialog: will attack no one, kill no one...
dialog: But we will not
dialog: (the climatic point)
dialog: give our fingerprints -- not one of
dialog: us.
text: He looks down at the police, making the point stick. There
text: is a tentative reaction from the audience, but uncertain.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: They will imprison us, they will
dialog: fine us. They will seize our
dialog: possessions. But they cannot take
dialog: away our self-respect if we do not
dialog: give it to them.
scene_heading: VOICE FROM THE GALLERY
dialog: Have you been to prison? They'll
dialog: beat us and torture us! I say --
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am asking you to fight -- !
dialog: (It catches the
dialog: audience a little,
dialog: holds them.)
dialog: To fight against their anger -- not
dialog: to provoke it!
text: He has their attention now.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: We will not strike a blow -- but we
dialog: will receive them. And through our
dialog: pain we will make them see their
dialog: injustice
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: and it will hurt, as all fighting
dialog: hurts!
dialog: (Utter silence.)
dialog: ...But we cannot lose. We cannot.
text: (He looks down at the
dialog: police.)
dialog: Because they may torture my body,
dialog: may break my bones, even kill me...
dialog: (Up to the house)
dialog: They will then have my dead body --
dialog: not my obedience.
text: And now he gets the response he has wanted. Firm, mature,
text: determined. Gandhi holds up his hand.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: We are Hindu and Muslim -- children
dialog: of God, each of us. Let us take a
dialog: solemn oath in His name that -- come
dialog: what may -- we will not submit to
dialog: this law.
text: He looks at the audience. A second, then a merchant stands,
text: signifying his pledge. And then another. Then Tyeb Mohammed
text: and the youths about him. Then all over the theater they
text: begin to stand and on the stage until everyone is standing.
text: It is all done is silence. Gandhi looks at the full theater --
text: all standing. He takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a coarse singing)
dialog: God save our gracious King... Long
dialog: live our
dialog: (the audience takes
dialog: it up)
dialog: ...noble King.
dialog: (And their voices
dialog: fill the auditorium)
dialog: God save the King!!
text: A prison door slams: we are close on one face, another slam,
text: another face, and again and again in the rhythm of marching
dialog: feet...
scene_heading: MINE AREA - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi, Singh and Tyeb Mohammed are leading a large procession
text: of Indian mine workers along a dirt road from a mining complex --
text: sheds, elevator platforms, pulleys -- toward a distant city.
text: We see crude, handworked banners: "We are Citizens of the
dialog: Empire," "Justice for All," "One King -- One Law"...
text: Tyeb Mohammed suddenly touches Gandhi's arm and nods ahead.
text: Their point of view. A canvas-topped open touring car (circa
text: 1910) pulls out from a turning between two factory buildings
text: and comes towards them.
text: Resume Gandhi. There is a little hesitation in the ranks as
text: the car approaches. In it we can see two uniformed policemen
text: and a civilian.
text: The car swings across the center of the road and stops right
text: in front of Gandhi.
speaker_heading: CIVILIAN
dialog: These men are contracted laborers.
dialog: They belong in the mines.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You have put their comrades in jail.
dialog: When you free them they will go back
dialog: to work.
text: The civilian smiles slowly. He looks from Gandhi to the
dialog: miners.
speaker_heading: CIVILIAN
dialog: I've warned you.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: We have warned each other.
text: The civilian looks at him sharply, then smiles derisively,
text: signaling the car off. As it pulls away, Tyeb Mohammed and
text: Singh come up to Gandhi, both made wary by the man's evident
text: satisfaction with what has transpired.
speaker_heading: SINGH
dialog: I don't think that is very good.
text: Gandhi watches the disappearing car worriedly, then turns
text: and signals the miners on. They start forward.
text: Their point of view. The car rides on past the factory
text: building out of which it turned, and suddenly mounted police
text: come swinging out from the buildings and face the procession.
text: Tracking back before Gandhi, Singh and Tyeb Mohammed as they
text: move forward, fear suddenly making their pace more labored.
text: Tracking back before the mounted police.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: At the canter -- for-ward!
text: They come on fast, batons at the ready. Gandhi screws up his
text: courage, marching on. Tyeb Mohammed sets his jaw in defiance.
text: Singh forces himself along at Gandhi's side. The mounted
text: police riding on, batons at the ready.
text: Featuring an Indian miner. He is in the front rank of the
text: procession, watching the horses approach. He has a blunt
text: farmer's face.
speaker_heading: MINER
dialog: (half to Gandhi)
dialog: We should lie down -- the horses
dialog: won't tramp on us.
dialog: (Then shouting out)
dialog: Down! Down! Everyone lie down!
text: He starts to go down, and others around him, convinced by
text: the authority of his voice.
text: The sense of the idea seizes Gandhi, and as the sound of the
text: galloping horses nears, he turns and shouts too.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Lie down! Lie down!
text: And the miners begin to go down, some face up, shielding
text: their faces with their hands, some burying their faces in
text: the earth and covering their heads with their hands.
text: Close fast traveling, the sergeant's point of view. We arrive
text: at the prone miners.
text: Close on Gandhi, his arms crossed in front of his face,
text: staring up, frightened, but determined to bear it.
text: Wide angle. The horses cannot bring themselves to gallop
text: over the human carpet; they rear, plunge, swerve.
text: Close shot -- miner who shouted "down." He is peering through
text: his crossed hands, a tight smile of satisfaction at knowledge
text: confirmed. He turns to see:
text: The sergeant thrown off his horse. He lands heavily, scrambles
text: up, furious, darts after it. Mounting, he is enraged to hear
dialog: laughter.
text: Close shot. Singh and the miner who shouted "Down" kneeling,
text: grinning at the chaos.
speaker_heading: MINER
dialog: The horses have more mercy than the
dialog: men.
text: Singh smiles, but suddenly looks up fearfully. The sergeant
text: looms over them.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: You're right!
text: And without taking his booted foot from the stirrup he swings
text: it into the miner's face. The man goes down, bleeding.
text: An angry roar from the miners. Several stand and shake their
text: fists. "Bastard!," "God damn you, Englishman!," "Jackal!"
text: The wounded miner himself starts to stagger up.
text: The sergeant sweeps them, his eyes glittering -- this he can
dialog: deal with. But --
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Lie down! Lie down!
text: It is a command, and angry in its own way, but it carries
text: all the weight of his influence on them. They begin to go
text: down again and the sergeant wheels his horse and rides at
dialog: Gandhi.
text: With deliberate, almost fatalistic pace, Gandhi goes first
text: to his knees and then sprawls down flat, his hands over the
text: top of his head, awaiting the blow of the horse's hoof.
text: Close shot, the horse's head, its eyes rolling as it swerves
dialog: again.
text: Close shot, the sergeant controlling it, cursing, but unable
text: to make it plunge down on the man.
text: Full shot, the sergeant wheeling his horse, angrily --
text: surveying the whole of the procession as they lie sprawled
text: on the ground, his mounted police circling in front of them,
dialog: not knowing what to do.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Follow me!
text: He turns his horse angrily and gallops back toward the
dialog: factories.
text: Gandhi, Singh and Tyeb Mohammed are looking off at the
text: retreating horses. The car with the civilian has returned in
dialog: the distance.
text: Gandhi looks at the miner who first shouted "Down" -- a smile,
text: a nod of recognition and thanks. The miner grins, rubbing at
text: the blood on his face, shrugging off Gandhi's implied praise.
text: Featuring the police. The sergeant wheels by the car with
text: the civilian; his police turn their horses, lining up across
text: the road again.
text: Their point of view. Gandhi and the miners coming on once
dialog: more, chanting forcefully. "One King! One Law! One King! One
dialog: Law!"
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: What the hell are we supposed to do
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: CIVILIAN
dialog: (watching the
dialog: procession narrowly)
dialog: Let them march... In our own sweet
dialog: time, in our own sweet way -- we'll
dialog: get them.
scene_heading: SMALL CHURCH - SOUTH AFRICA - INTERIOR - DAY
dialog: We are close on Charlie Andrews.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Some of you may be rejoicing that
text: Mr. Gandhi has at last been put into
dialog: prison.
text: The congregation is listening to him stiffly,
text: unsympathetically, and there is more than one murmur of assent
text: at his words. The clergyman who has given Charlie the use of
text: his pulpit sits beneath it, embarrassed, but sticking
text: resolutely to his decision to give Charlie a hearing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But I would ask you -- assembled
dialog: here in this house of God -- to
dialog: recognize that we are witnessing
dialog: something new, something so
dialog: unexpected, so unusual that it is
dialog: not surprising the Government is at
dialog: a loss. What Mr. Gandhi has forced
dialog: us to do is ask questions about
dialog: ourselves.
text: A few men in the congregation rise and pointedly escort their
text: families from the church. Charlie struggles on.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: As Christians, those are difficult
dialog: questions to answer. How do we treat
dialog: men who defy an unjust law -- men
dialog: who will not fight, but will not
dialog: comply?
text: More of the congregation rise and march from the church...
text: though a few pointedly do not.
scene_heading: PRISON YARD - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Small, packed. Gandhi is threading his way in a line for
text: soup. But it is a line that winds through masses of prisoners,
text: some with bowls, eating, some not yet in the line.
text: As Gandhi near the two stone blocks that hold the large
text: barrels of soup, he sees that Khan is serving from one of
text: them. He too wears a prison uniform and there is a bandage
text: on his head. When he turns and reacts to the sight of Gandhi --
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: They're sparing no one, I see.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: No. You were the surprise. It's been
dialog: all over the prison. We thought they'd
dialog: be too afraid of the English press.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: So did I.
text: He takes his soup from Khan.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: (acidly)
dialog: Don't worry about the meat -- it's
dialog: Hindu
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: soup)
dialog: -- there's not a trace.
text: Gandhi smiles, but they turn as the gate opens and a paddy
text: wagon is backed into the press of prisoners. Khan shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: I don't know who they've left out
dialog: there to do the work. There can't be
dialog: one mine left open. Have they touched
dialog: the women?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: My wife publicly defied the law.
dialog: They've arrested her and four others.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: The fools!
dialog: (He spills some soup.)
dialog: Sorry...
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It's split the Government.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: Well, that's one victory.
text: Gandhi looks around the crowded yard at the soiled bandages,
text: the defiant, determined faces.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: If we hold firm, it won't be the
dialog: last.
speaker_heading: KHAN
dialog: Don't worry -- I've never seen men
dialog: so determined. You've given them a
dialog: way to fight... And I don't think --
text: He is distracted by a phalanx of guards (an officer and four
text: men) pushing their way through the prisoners.
speaker_heading: PRISON OFFICER
dialog: Gandhi! I want Gandhi! Which sammy
dialog: is it?
text: The prisoners are moving back from them resentfully but their
text: glances reveal who Gandhi is. The prison officer's eyes fall
text: on him.
scene_heading: CITY STREET - JOHANNESBURG - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A side street, but active. Gandhi -- now manacled -- is being
text: marched down the pavement before two guards. The prison
text: officer strides in front of them. People in the street stop
text: and turn, staring. That part of Gandhi that is still the
text: dandy is discomfited, but there is a growing part of him
dialog: that defies appearances.
text: Featuring a doorway. It is the side door of a large imposing
text: building. The prison officer leads his little procession
text: toward it. He knocks and the door opens. The tall civil
text: servant has been waiting for them. The prison officer reaches
text: forward and undoes Gandhi's manacles.
scene_heading: GOVERNMENT BUILDING - INTERIOR - DAY
text: The tall civil servant, moving with aloof distaste for his
text: assignment, walks ahead of Gandhi, who in turn is followed
text: by one of the prison guards, toward a grand staircase that
text: is at right angles to them (i.e. facing the front of the
text: building). People working in offices pause to stare at Gandhi
text: as he moves along, more uncomfortably aware of his prison
dialog: garb than ever.
text: The grand staircase. The tall civil servant turns and starts
text: up the staircase. Gandhi is even more exposed to everyone's
text: surveillance on the wide, white expanse of the stairway. He
text: hesitates, looking around in discomfort, then follows the
text: tall civil servant on toward the large, white doors at the
text: top of the staircase.
scene_heading: SMUTS'S ANTEROOM - INTERIOR - DAY
text: The tall white doors open, the tall civil servant indicates
text: that Gandhi enter. Gandhi passes two male secretaries, and
text: the tall civil servant scoots decorously around him to knock
text: once on the inner doors. Then he pushes them open and gestures
dialog: Gandhi in.
scene_heading: SMUTS'S OFFICE - INTERIOR - DAY
dialog: We have seen it before when Walker spoke to Smuts, but now
text: we see its full breadth -- and the imposing figure Smuts
text: makes as he stands behind the grand desk.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Ah, Mr. Gandhi. I thought we might
dialog: have a little talk.
text: He nods to the tall civil servant, who bows and closes the
text: door. Smuts crosses the room toward a small cabinet.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Will you have a glass of sherry?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Thank you. No.
text: Smuts looks at Gandhi, a little surprised at the frigid tone
dialog: of that refusal.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Perhaps some tea?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a shake of the head)
dialog: I dined at the prison.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Ahh.
text: He appraises Gandhi, measuring the irony of his words, his
text: determination. Then with a little sigh at the lost opportunity
text: he replaces the stopper on the sherry, turns and gestures
text: Gandhi on into the room.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Please -- please do come and sit
dialog: down. It's prison I wanted to talk
dialog: to you about.
text: He has indicated a chair near his desk, but as Gandhi goes
text: forward he pauses by a spread of papers from England on a
text: long table near the middle of the room. We see one headline
dialog: in close shot: "Thousands Imprisoned in South Africa/Mines
text: Close. Crops Unharvested," a subhead, "Gandhi Leads Non-
text: Violent Campaign." He looks at Smuts. Smuts smiles, a passing
text: nod at the papers.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Mr. Gandhi, I've more or less decided
dialog: to ask the House to repeal the Act
dialog: that you have taken such "exception"
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Well, if you ask, General Smuts, I'm
dialog: sure it will be done.
text: Smuts smiles.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Hm. Of course it is not quite that
dialog: simple.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Somehow I expected not.
text: A wry smile, and he sits on the edge of the chair Smuts has
text: directed him to. Smuts measures him again, not absolutely
text: certain how to deal with him. A pause, and he affects to
dialog: take Gandhi's irony at face value.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: I'm glad to hear you say that...
dialog: very glad. You see if we repeal the
dialog: Act under pressure
text: (a nod at the papers
dialog: again)
dialog: under this kind of pressure it will
dialog: create a great deal of resentment.
dialog: Can you understand that?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Very well.
dialog: And Gandhi does understand it -- as a guiding principle.
dialog: Never humiliate your enemy. And his tone conveys it.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: (a bit surprised)
dialog: Good. Good.
dialog: (The bland politician:
dialog: the compromise.)
dialog: I have thought of calling for a Royal
dialog: Commission to "investigate" the new
dialog: legislation.
dialog: (He gestures, implying
dialog: they'll do what
dialog: they're told.)
dialog: I think I could guarantee they would
dialog: recommend the Act be repealed.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (waiting for the catch)
dialog: I congratulate them.
text: Smuts does a slight double take, a smile, then the "tough"
dialog: politician.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: But they might also recommend that
dialog: future Indian immigration be severely
dialog: restricted -- even stopped.
text: He measures Gandhi challengingly, obviously expecting some
text: contest. Gandhi mulls it, then
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Immigration was not an issue on which
dialog: we fought. It would be wrong of us
dialog: to make it one now that we -- we are
text: in a position of advantage.
text: Smuts stares at him... a moment, then
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: You're an extraordinary man.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (his grin; he brushes
dialog: at his prison garb)
dialog: I assure you I feel a very ordinary
dialog: man at this moment.
text: And now Smuts smiles with him. He bends suddenly and signs a
dialog: group of documents.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: I'm ordering the release of all
dialog: prisoners within the next twenty-
dialog: four hours. You yourself are free
dialog: from this moment.
text: Gandhi stands, a little uncertain about the sudden change in
text: his status. Smuts signs the last document, then sees Gandhi's
text: doubt -- and misreads it.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Assuming we are in agreement?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Yes -- yes. It's just that... in
dialog: these clothes I'd -- I'd prefer to
dialog: go by taxi.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: (confused by his
dialog: hesitation)
dialog: All right. Fine.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I'm -- I'm afraid I have no money.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Oh!
dialog: (He quickly feels in
dialog: his waistcoat pockets --
text: and realizes he has
dialog: no money!)
dialog: Neither have I.
dialog: (He reaches forth and
text: touches a buzzer.)
dialog: I'm awfully sorry.
text: The tall civil servant (Daniels) enters.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: Daniels, would you lend Mr. Gandhi a
dialog: shilling for a taxi?
text: Daniel stares.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: I beg your pardon, sir?
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: (a second thought)
dialog: How far will you be going, Mr. Gandhi?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a mischievous smile)
dialog: Well -- now that this is settled --
dialog: I had thought seriously of going
dialog: back to India
text: (he faces the startled
dialog: Daniel)
dialog: but a shilling will do splendidly
dialog: for the moment.
text: Still a little confused, Daniels reaches in his pocket and
text: produces a shilling. He hands it to Gandhi.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (To Smuts)
dialog: Thank you both for a very enlightening
dialog: experience.
text: He bows slightly and starts out the door. Daniels immediately
text: starts to accompany him, but Gandhi stops. A beat.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (ice)
dialog: I'm obliged, Mr. Daniels, but I will
dialog: find my own way out.
text: And his own steel shows in the oblique reference to the
text: ignominy of his way in. Daniel bows, and he and Smuts just
text: stare as the uniformed "prisoner" goes out through the grand
text: doors, past the stunned men in the office to the outer doors
text: and on to the grand staircase. The prison guard appears in
text: the doorway, looking off in confusion at Gandhi, then back
text: at the office for guidance. Daniels simply shakes his head
dialog: "Let him be."
text: Finally, when Gandhi has disappeared down the stairs, Daniels
text: turns to Smuts.
speaker_heading: SMUTS
dialog: (a shake of the head)
dialog: He's either a great man or a colossal
dialog: fraud... Either way, I shall be glad
text: to see the last of him.
scene_heading: THE PIER AT BOMBAY - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Ship's siren, military band... a jubilant crowd on the pier,
text: passengers waving to the receiving crowd. A group of First
text: Class passengers, ninety percent English, look down from the
dialog: upper deck.
text: From their point of view. We see the main section of the
text: pier, a crowd of mostly European civilians on one side. A
text: mass of military on the other: European officers, topees and
text: swagger sticks, Indian cavalry, Gurkha infantry, Sikh lanoers --
text: turbans, rifles, bugles, an Indian military band -- a showy
text: awe-inspiring display.
text: Featuring two Englishmen. First Class passengers, white suits,
text: Oxbridge accents; one quite young, the other a bit older,
text: both civil servants coming to "administer" India.
speaker_heading: YOUNG ENGLISHMAN
dialog: By God, he loves it...
text: Their point of view. A British general is coming down the
text: gangplank accompanied by his ADC. The officer commanding and
text: the Guard of Honor await him.
speaker_heading: SECOND ENGLISHMAN
dialog: I'm sure he hates it.
text: The young Englishman glances at him quizzically. The General
text: has taken the salute and moves to inspect the troops to the
text: accompaniment of the military band.
speaker_heading: SECOND ENGLISHMAN
dialog: Generals' reputations are being made
dialog: in France today, fighting on the
dialog: Western Front. Not as Military
dialog: Governors in India.
text: He is suddenly aware of a well-dressed Indian half-listening
text: to their conversation. He glances at him and the well-dressed
text: Indian simply nods slightly and moves off a little. The second
text: Englishman grimaces at the young Englishman and looks down
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: SECOND ENGLISHMAN
dialog: What the devil's going on back there?
text: He is looking aft. His point of view.
text: Another far less elaborate gangplank extends from the aft
text: section of the ship. Third Class passengers are disembarking
text: here, and on shore, separated by a wire fence from the rest
text: of the pier. A large crowd of Indians is reacting excitedly
text: to someone coming down the gangplank but we can't yet see
dialog: that person.
text: The young Englishman glances back at the well-dressed Indian
text: to make sure of his distance, then speaks quietly.
speaker_heading: YOUNG ENGLISHMAN
dialog: It must be that Indian that made all
dialog: that fuss back in Africa. My cabin
dialog: boy told me he was on board.
speaker_heading: SECOND ENGLISHMAN
dialog: Why haven't we seen him?
dialog: (Finding the name)
dialog: Gandhi?
speaker_heading: YOUNG ENGLISHMAN
dialog: Yes. That's it. He was traveling
text: Third Class. There he is.
dialog: Their point of view.
dialog: There has been a little hiatus in those disembarking but now
text: Gandhi has appeared, coming down the gangplank with Ba and
dialog: the children (grown-up sons now), and three or four people
text: behind them, including the tall figure of Charlie Andrews.
text: But Gandhi is wearing an Indian tunic and sandals and he has
text: shaved his hair except for a central section on the top.
scene_heading: SECOND ENGLISHMAN'S VOICE-OVER
dialog: God -- he's dressed like a coolie! I
dialog: thought he was a lawyer.
text: The young Englishman glances back cautiously toward the well-
text: dressed Indian again, then
speaker_heading: YOUNG ENGLISHMAN
dialog: After he came out of jail he refused
dialog: to wear European clothes.
scene_heading: THE PIER - THIRD CLASS AREA - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi is smiling, trying to move on, but answering the
dialog: questions of an Indian journalist.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: No, no, I haven't "refused"... I --
dialog: I simply wanted to dress the way my
text: comrades in prison dressed.
text: He speaks with an uncertainty and tentativeness that he had
text: lost in South Africa, patently overwhelmed by the reception.
text: An English journalist catches him as he turns.
scene_heading: ENGLISH JOURNALIST
dialog: Will you support the war effort, Mr.
dialog: Gandhi?
text: An exuberant woman puts a garland over his shoulders.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I -- I have demanded rights as a
dialog: British citizen, it is therefore my
dialog: duty to help in the defense of the
dialog: British Empire.
text: He smiles uncertainly again. As he turns he is face to face
dialog: with an American reporter.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN REPORTER
dialog: What are you going to do now that
dialog: you're back in India?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I don't know... I don't know...
text: An Indian reporter has cornered Ba behind him.
scene_heading: SECOND INDIAN REPORTER
dialog: As an Indian woman how could you
dialog: accept the indignity of prison?
text: Gandhi half-twists to hear Ba's answer, but his arm is taken
text: by a young Indian (Nehru) in elegant European clothes. Another
text: garland is thrown over his shoulders.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Please, Mr. Gandhi.
text: Featuring Ba. Offhand, her eyes on Gandhi ahead.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: My dignity comes from following my
dialog: husband.
text: She joins her hands, acknowledging a garland placed around
text: her shoulders, and pushes on after Gandhi. Charlie helps to
dialog: guide her.
text: Featuring Gandhi. The young Nehru, somewhat amused by all
text: the excitement, leads Gandhi through the crowd to a little
text: flower-covered platform. We see a banner: THE CONGRESS PARTY
scene_heading: WELCOMES GANDHI.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (he too speaks with
dialog: an Oxbridge accent)
dialog: Just a few words -- then we'll get
dialog: you to civilization.
text: He grins. He has guided Gandhi to the first step of the
text: platform. Another garland is wrapped around Gandhi's
text: shoulders, and in some embarrassment, he mounts the platform.
text: There is a great cheer, but in the silence that follows we
text: hear the military band from across the way as the troops
text: prepare to march off. Gandhi looks around at the crowd.
text: Finally he speaks out.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I -- I am glad to be home.
dialog: (A little round of
dialog: applause.)
dialog: I -- I thank you for your greeting.
text: He makes the pranam and starts for the steps. The crowd is a
text: little disappointed, but they manage a cheer and applause.
text: Nehru is standing next to a heavy-set, well-dressed man
text: (Patel). They exchange a wry glance, "Not exactly a world-
dialog: beater."
text: A car door slams. The camera pulls back. Nehru has slammed
text: the door of a gleaming Rolls Royce touring car, the top down.
text: He has seated Gandhi in it beside Patel, taking Gandhi's
text: knapsack. An Indian chauffeur rides in front. The crowd still
text: surges around and Gandhi is looking apprehensively back for
dialog: Ba.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: We'll follow with your wife -- don't
dialog: worry, everything's arranged.
text: He grins boyishly, in part to comfort, in part unable to
text: contain his amusement at Gandhi and his evident confusion.
scene_heading: PATEL'S CAR - STREETS OF BOMBAY - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: With Gandhi still looking back anxiously, the car pulls off.
text: He finally turns to Patel.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Who is that young man?
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: That's young Nehru. He's got his
dialog: father's intellect, his mother's
dialog: looks and the devil's charm. If they
dialog: don't ruin him at Cambridge -- Wave!
dialog: Wave! -- he may amount to something.
text: There are crowds along the street, and Gandhi -- in surprise
text: that they are for him -- waves tentatively. Patel waves too
text: but he eyes Gandhi rather critically.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: I must say when I first saw you as a
dialog: bumbling lawyer here in Bombay I
dialog: never thought I'd be greeting you as
dialog: a national hero.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I'm hardly that, Mr. Patel.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Oh, yes, you are. It's been two
dialog: hundred years since an Indian has
text: cocked a snoot at the British Empire
dialog: and got away with it. And stop calling
dialog: me Mr. Patel, you're not a junior
dialog: clerk anymore.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a beat; still hesitant)
dialog: No.
text: They have come to a main thoroughfare. A crowd still lines
text: the streets but it is thin and around and between we see
text: groups of desperate poor, parked on the pavement, staring
text: with blank curiosity at the passing car, but too listless
dialog: and too out of touch to move from their little squatters'
dialog: patches.
text: Patel looks at Gandhi's clothes rather disapprovingly.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: The new Military Governor of the
dialog: North West Province was on that ship.
dialog: Too bad you came back Third Class --
dialog: he might have been impressed by a
dialog: successful barrister who had
dialog: outmaneuvered General Smuts.
text: Gandhi is staring at the street. From his point of view we
text: hold on a gaunt young, aged woman holding a baby wrapped in
text: rags as threadbare as her sari. Another hollow-faced child
text: leans against her.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (leadenly)
dialog: Yes... I'm sure...
scene_heading: PATEL'S GARDEN - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A splendid peacock, its tail fanned in brilliant display,
text: lords it on a velvet lawn. A woman in a sumptuous silk sari
text: is trying to feed it crumbs. Behind her, Gandhi's reception
text: is in full spate -- silver trays, tables covered in fine
text: linen, Indian servants, a swimming pool, a small fountain,
text: the grounds filled with Indian millionaires and dignitaries
dialog: gathered with their wives to meet the new hero from South
dialog: Africa.
text: A beautiful and beautifully dressed woman (Mrs. Nehru) stands
text: next to her distinguished husband (Motilal Nehru).
speaker_heading: MRS. NEHRU
dialog: (wittily)
dialog: No, I leave practical matters to my
dialog: husband and revolution to my son...
text: She nods lightly toward Nehru.
text: Featuring Nehru who is introducing Gandhi to two men, one
text: tall, slender, ascetic looking, but dressed impeccably
text: (Jinnah). The other with a haunting face -- beard, flowing
text: dark hair, the air of a poet or a ruthlessly dedicated radical
dialog: (Prakash -- whom we recognize from the opening sequence in
dialog: Delhi at Gandhi's assassination).
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Mr. Jinnah, our joint host, member
dialog: of Congress, and the leader of the
dialog: Muslim League and Mr. Prakash, who I
dialog: fear is awaiting trial for sedition
dialog: and inducement to murder.
text: Gandhi has bowed to Jinnah, now he looks a little startled
text: at Prakash. Prakash grins and makes the pranam to Gandhi.
speaker_heading: PRAKASH
dialog: I have not actually pulled a trigger,
dialog: Mr. Gandhi, I have simply written
dialog: that if an Englishman kills an Indian
dialog: for disobeying his law, then it is
dialog: an Indian's duty to kill an Englishman
dialog: for enforcing his law in a land that
dialog: is not his.
text: Gandhi nods...
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It is a clever argument; I am not
dialog: sure it will produce the end you
dialog: desire.
text: He meets Prakash's gaze firmly, the first moment we have
dialog: seen any sign of the Gandhi of South Africa.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (testingly)
dialog: We hope you intend to join us in the
dialog: struggle for Home Rule, Mr. Gandhi.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: I --
text: Charlie Andrews touches Gandhi's arm, excusing himself to
dialog: the others.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: May I? Mohan -- I would like you to
dialog: meet someone.
text: Gandhi bows to the others and is led off to an Indian bishop
text: in full clerical robes. Behind him we see Patel regaling a
text: small group with some story of court or society.
text: As Gandhi leaves, Jinnah, Nehru and Prakash watch him
text: clinically. Except for the servants, Gandhi is the only Indian
dialog: male not in European clothes.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: He told the press he would support
dialog: the British in the war.
speaker_heading: PRAKASH
dialog: (acidly)
dialog: That's non-violence for you.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: Is he a fool?
text: Nehru grins slowly, thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: I'm not certain... But I wouldn't be
dialog: surprised.
text: We get a shot of Ba in a gathering of Indian women. She stands
text: listening, seemingly tongue-tied in the sophisticated patter.
dialog: And we cut to Charlie introducing Gandhi to a man in obvious
text: ill health, but well dressed, looking like the professor,
dialog: philosopher and elder statesman he is (Gokhale).
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I lied to you, Mohan, when I told
dialog: you I decided to come to South Africa
dialog: to meet you. Professor Gokhale sent
dialog: me.
text: Gokhale is pleased, Gandhi amused. He bows very respectfully.
speaker_heading: GOKHALE
dialog: We're trying to make a nation, Gandhi --
dialog: and the British keep trying to break
dialog: us up into religions and
dialog: principalities and "provinces." What
dialog: you were writing in South Africa --
dialog: that's what we need here.
dialog: He has offered his hand during this, and Gandhi has helped
text: him from the garden chair he has been seated on, handing him
text: the cane that is resting against it.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: I have much to learn about India.
dialog: And I have to begin my practice again --
dialog: one needs money to run a journal.
text: Another grin. Gokhale has started to walk with him, looking
text: at him intently, penetratingly.
speaker_heading: GOKHALE
dialog: Nonsense.
dialog: (He turns to Charlie)
dialog: Go on, Charlie. This is Indian talk --
dialog: we want none of you imperialists.
text: It is brusque but affectionate; we know he regards Charlie
text: as Gandhi does... and Charlie does too.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (a mock threat)
dialog: All right -- I'll go and write my
dialog: report to the Viceroy.
speaker_heading: GOKHALE
dialog: Go and find a pretty Hindu woman and
dialog: convert her to Christianity -- that's
dialog: as much mischief as you're allowed.
text: He still hasn't smiled, but Gandhi and Charlie have.
scene_heading: ANOTHER PART OF THE GARDEN
text: This is private -- beautiful and still. Gandhi walks along
text: slowly, taking the pace of the ailing Gokhale.
speaker_heading: GOKHALE
dialog: Forget your practice. India has many
dialog: men with too much wealth -- it is
dialog: their privilege to nourish the efforts
dialog: of the few who can raise India from
dialog: servitude and apathy. I will see to
dialog: it -- you begin your journal.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I have little to say. India is an
dialog: "alien" country to me.
text: He grins self-deprecatingly but Gokhale persists.
speaker_heading: GOKHALE
dialog: Well, change that. Go and find India.
dialog: Not what you see here, but the real
dialog: India. You'll see what needs to be
dialog: said. What we need to hear.
text: He pauses and looks at Gandhi -- and for the first time he
text: smiles. When he speaks his voice is thick with feeling.
speaker_heading: GOKHALE
dialog: When I saw you in that tunic I knew...
dialog: I knew I could die in peace.
dialog: (A dying man's command)
dialog: Make India proud of herself.
text: His eyes are watery with emotion, but he stares at Gandhi
text: rigidly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TRAIN - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Indian. Steam. A breed of its own.
scene_heading: THIRD CLASS COACH - INTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Gandhi sits by a window in the dimly lit coach. Ba sleeps on
text: the seat next to him, another member of the party next to
text: her. Gandhi's solemn eyes are studying the huddled humanity
text: in the rocking coach. People are sleeping everywhere, some
text: half-erect on the benches, many on the floor among the bundles
text: and trunks and bedrolls and baskets. Some have children,
text: some are very old. One old man, sleepless like Gandhi, stares
text: back at him across the shadowed squalor of the coach;
text: somewhere unseen a crying baby is soothed by his mother.
text: Gandhi looks at the bench across from him. Charlie Andrews,
text: his tall frame cramped in a tiny space between the window
text: looks at Gandhi dozily, a little smile of sufferance, then
text: he closes his eyes again, leaning his head against the rocking
text: window frame.
scene_heading: NARROW STREET - A SMALL TOWN - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi is carried along in a ceremonial chair borne on the
text: shoulders of some trotting men. The chair is swathed in
text: flowers, and flowers are being showered on Gandhi by the
text: running children and the crowd lining the narrow street. Ba
text: and Charlie and two others are following in a flower-bedecked
text: ox-cart, lost in the mass of people that are swirling around
dialog: Gandhi.
text: On a building top a British officer watches emotionlessly as
text: Gandhi and the crowd pass below him. On this building and
text: others we see some on his Indian soldiers watching with their
text: rifles beside them.
scene_heading: INDIAN VILLAGES - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: As from a train... but the shots are varied; some close of
text: farmers and water buffalo, and ragged children and women in
text: colorful saris carrying pots on their heads, and some distant
text: of villages as units, one and another and another.
text: INTERCUT ALWAYS WITH:
scene_heading: TRAIN - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi's face in the window, he and Ba standing, looking out
text: together, neither speaking. Gandhi writing in the cramped
text: chaos of the Third Class coaches. Gandhi sweeping part of
text: the carriage, making disgruntled passengers move as he tries
dialog: to bring some cleanliness to their surroundings.
scene_heading: RIVER VISTA - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A broad alluvial plain, the river threading through it, purple
text: and gold in the rising sun. The camera races with the train
text: along the river's edge, the reflected sun glimmering on the
dialog: windows.
scene_heading: RIVER BANK - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The sun is high and the train is stopped by the river. People
text: have come out of the coaches to cool their heads with the
text: touch of water, to stretch their legs.
text: We see an English clergyman from the Second Class coaches,
text: dipping a toe cautiously into the water, children of some
text: British enlisted soldiers wading, splashing, faces alight
dialog: with fun.
text: And, farther along, the parasols of one or two of the English
text: First Class passengers, a woman dousing her neck delicately
text: with perfume. A British officer, tunic unbuttoned, smoking a
text: long cigar as he walks along in a few inches of water, his
text: trousers rolled up, his shoes off.
text: Across the river down from the Third Class coaches a small
text: group of Indian women is squatted by the river's edge, washing
text: clothes. Some carry infants on their backs. Some small
text: children stand near them. Their ritual of washing goes on,
text: but they are all watching the passengers of the train.
text: Gandhi stands with Ba and Charlie among the Third Class
text: passengers. Ba cools her face with water. Charlie, his
text: trousers rolled up, plays a tentative splashing game with a
text: skinny little Indian boy. Gandhi is holding a large white
text: head cloth which he is soaking in the water, but his eyes
text: have been arrested by the sight of the women across the river.
dialog: And now we see the women closely from his point of view, the
text: camera panning slowly along them. Their bodies are skin and
text: bone. The clothes they wear, which looked normal from the
text: distance, are rags -- literally, shredded rages, one hung on
text: another. The children are hollow-eyed and gaunt, staring
text: listlessly at the train. One boy, with a stump for an arm,
text: aimlessly pushes at the flies that buzz around him.
text: Gandhi stands erect, lost now in the revelation of their
text: poverty. His eyes hold on one woman at the river bank. Though
text: her frail face is almost skeletal, it is beautiful but scarred
text: by a severe rash down her cheek and neck. The cloth she is
text: washing is a shredded piece of muslin. Her eyes have met
text: Gandhi's as he watches her.
text: Gandhi stares for a moment, a long beat. Then he slowly moves
text: his arm out into the water and, without taking his eyes from
text: her, releases the head cloth he has been rinsing. It floats
text: along on the water down toward the woman.
text: She looks from Gandhi to it with sudden excitement, a sense
text: of incredulity. As the cloth nears her, she rises and moves
text: almost greedily out into the water to take it. Her hands
text: snatch at it quickly. Then she stands, looking at Gandhi.
text: The infant on her back shifts, its huge hollow eyes reacting
dialog: to the movement.
text: Gandhi smiles slowly, tilting his head just slightly to her.
dialog: And now that she has possession of the cloth, her manner
text: calms again. And she looks back at him, and her lips almost
text: part with a tiny smile of thanks.
text: Hold Gandhi, staring at her, fighting the pain in his eyes...
scene_heading: TRAIN - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Threading like a lighted necklace across the darkness of a
text: vast plain.
scene_heading: TRAIN IN HILLS - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Climbing green hills -- a totally different terrain -- and
text: again we intercut, this time the train climbing: a boy and
text: buffalo running a huge, crude grinding wheel, train climbing;
text: farmers in terraced fields, train climbing faster and
text: faster... until suddenly with a hoot of the whistle and the
dialog: screech of brakes it stops!
scene_heading: TRAIN - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi is leaning out of a window in a Third Class coach.
text: Ahead of him other passengers are looking too; some have
dialog: jumped down.
text: Gandhi and Charlie jump down too. As they come clear they
text: can see that a military train of an engine and two cars has
text: been derailed ahead of them. A small troop of cavalry are
text: coming slowly along the line of Gandhi's train toward them.
text: Featuring the cavalry. They are British and their troop leader
text: is viciously angry.
speaker_heading: TROOP LEADER
dialog: Clear the way! Get out of the way!
text: He is swinging his sword, not lethally, but threateningly at
text: the Indian passengers from the train. His British NCOs are
text: equally angry and deliberately ride close to the passengers,
text: forcing them back against the train.
text: Gandhi and Charlie step back. And as the troop goes past we
text: see from their point of view a group of Indian bearers,
text: trotting in the middle of the horsemen, carrying two litters --
text: covered, each hanging by straps from a long pole -- and each
text: bearing a badly wounded British soldier; one appears to be
dialog: dead.
scene_heading: OUTSKIRTS OF VILLAGE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The shadow of a train moves slowly along the ground, a sense
text: of tension and foreboding. We hear the engine chugging slowly.
text: The camera lifts. Gandhi and Charlie stand at a window,
text: staring out grimly. Other passengers are looking off too. Ba
text: is seated, staring straight ahead, her face taut, deliberately
text: not seeing what the others are seeing.
scene_heading: GALLOWS - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Their point of view: On a hill across from the railroad track
text: part of a prison wall is visible. In front of it a thick
text: pole is straddled across two others. From this crude gallows
text: two Indian men hang by the neck. One is in turban and dhoti,
text: the other in a tunic. The sound of the train stopping.
scene_heading: VILLAGE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Close shot. Incense rising in shot. The camera pulls back
text: and back. The incense is burning in a bowl sitting before
text: Gandhi on a make-shift platform set in the little valley
text: between the train line and the little hill where the Indian
text: men have been hanged. A small crowd sits in a crescent before
text: him, Ba and Charlie are bent in prayer on the platform behind
text: him. When the camera comes to rest, the edge of the gallows
text: and a portion of one of the hanged men is in the frame. We
dialog: know we are looking from someone's point of view near the
dialog: prison wall.
text: Finally, Gandhi lifts his head.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (at first distant, as
dialog: from the hill)
dialog: I ask you to pray for those who died.
dialog: (Closer)
dialog: For the English soldiers...
dialog: (a murmur)
dialog: who were doing what they thought was
dialog: right.
dialog: (Closer)
dialog: And for the brave terrorists whose
dialog: patriotism led them to do what was
dialog: wrong.
text: The murmur of resistance from the crowd is louder at this.
text: Gandhi shakes his head at the dissent.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It is not my law, it is the law of
dialog: creation. We reap what we sow. Out
dialog: there in the fields -- and in our
text: hearts. Violence sows hatred, and
dialog: the will to revenge. In them. And in
dialog: us.
text: He looks up.
scene_heading: HILLSIDE - HIS POINT OF VIEW
text: The troop leader, on horseback, is on the hill beside the
text: gallows. The first view of Gandhi on the platform was his.
text: Some of his troops are lined up beside him. He stares down
text: at Gandhi coldly.
scene_heading: PATEL'S SWIMMING POOL - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Patel lounges in the water on his back, supported by a large
text: air pillow. Nehru sits at the side of the pool in a swimming
text: suit, his feet dangling in the water. Jinnah sits under an
text: umbrella in an elegant white suit, being served tea by one
text: of three or four servants around. Patel spews a fountain of
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: I agree with Jinnah. Now that the
dialog: Americans are in, the war will end
text: soon. The Germans are worn out as it
dialog: is...
text: (he rolls over, facing
dialog: Nehru)
dialog: and our first act should be to convene
dialog: a Congress Party convention and demand
dialog: independence.
text: Nehru takes an iced drunk from a servant.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: And we must speak with one voice --
dialog: united.
text: The others assent. Nehru shakes his head wistfully.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (it reminds him)
dialog: Ah -- we should invite Gandhi. What
dialog: the devil has happened to him anyway?
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: He's "discovering" India.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (cynically)
dialog: Which is a lot better than causing
dialog: trouble where it matters. Invite him --
dialog: let him say his piece about South
dialog: Africa -- and then let him slip into
text: oblivion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TRAIN - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A fireman heaps coal into an engine's boiler.
text: The train passes camera to the Third Class section, which
text: seems besieged by humanity. People cling to the outside of
text: each door and many more are seated on the central wooden
text: planks on the roofs of the two coaches.
scene_heading: THIRD CLASS COACH - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi and Charlie are riding on the outside of the coach,
text: hanging on through the door, and both enjoying it immensely.
text: Ba, inside the jammed coach, finds it very unfunny. She has
text: a grip on one of Gandhi's arms.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (quietly, private)
dialog: Please! You're being foolish!
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: There's no room! And the air is
dialog: lovely.
text: She grimaces severely and tugs at him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No violence, please.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Let me hang on with two hands or I
dialog: will fall.
text: Featuring the roof. And Indian squats right on the edge of
text: the roof above Charlie. He is looking down, offering a hand.
speaker_heading: INDIAN
dialog: (over the sound of
dialog: the engine)
dialog: Englishman Sahib!
text: Charlie, who has been grinning, suddenly looks baffled, not
dialog: to say appalled.
speaker_heading: INDIAN
dialog: Come! Come! There is room!
text: His hand still dangles in offering to the tall Charlie.
text: Another angle. Two other Indians on the roof move to where
text: they can grip the first Indian's other arm, as counterforce
text: to the weight of Charlie.
speaker_heading: FIRST INDIAN
dialog: (to Charlie)
text: Place the foot on the window.
text: Featuring Charlie. Hesitatingly, he grips the inside of the
text: window higher, and starts to swing one foot onto the window
dialog: ledge.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (amused, but
dialog: disconcerted)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Going nearer to God!
text: Gandhi, baffled a second, sees the outstretched hand above
text: them, and in puckish complicity, helps boost Charlie up.
text: Long shot. As Charlie reaches up, his hand is grasped and he
text: starts to scramble and be pulled up to the roof.
text: Featuring Gandhi and Ba. As Charlie's leg, assisted by Gandhi,
text: starts to leave its lodging on the window ledge Ba suddenly
text: turns, sees it, and grabs for it in alarm.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Charlie! Be careful!!
text: Close shot. Charlie. His face flat on the roof of the train
text: as his arm is still gripped by the Indian, but his leg is
text: being pulled from behind.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Mohan -- !!
text: Resume Gandhi and Ba. Gandhi quickly moves to free Ba's hand
text: from Charlie's leg and almost loses his own grip.
text: He grabs the window again.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Let go! You'll kill him!
dialog: Ba is confused.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Let go! Let go!
text: With one hand he pries at her grip. In the chaos of
text: instructions others in the coach are helping Gandhi, and Ba
text: senses she is doing something wrong, but is still not sure
text: what. She lets go.
text: Close shot. Charlie. A desperate sigh of relief.
text: Long shot. Charlie is pulled on up to the top of the coach.
text: Featuring Charlie as he sits, puffing and recovering from
dialog: the fright.
speaker_heading: FIRST INDIAN
dialog: You see -- most comfortable.
text: Charlie nods grimly.
text: Featuring Gandhi and Ba. Gandhi, smiling, goes on the tips
text: of his toes to get a better view. Ba grabs him desperately.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Please, God, no!
text: Featuring Charlie. He looks around at the rest of the
text: passengers on the roof, their bundles and baskets clutched
text: beside them. Their poverty is appalling, but they are all
text: smiling at him, a sense of gaiety made in part by his
dialog: Englishman's participation in their experience. They must
text: shout over the train.
speaker_heading: SECOND INDIAN
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Are you Christian, Sahib?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yes, yes, I'm a Christian.
speaker_heading: SECOND INDIAN
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I know a Christian.
dialog: (Charlie acknowledges
dialog: it politely.)
text: She drinks blood.
text: Charlie stares at him in surprise.
speaker_heading: SECOND INDIAN
dialog: (explaining -- obvious)
dialog: The blood of Christ -- every Sunday!
text: He is nodding, smiling, expecting Charlie's understanding.
text: And Charlie gives it -- somewhat bleakly. Suddenly
speaker_heading: GANDHI'S VOICE
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Charlie!!
text: The Indians turn. Charlie turns.
scene_heading: TRAIN AND TUNNEL - EXTERIOR - DAY
dialog: Resume Charlie and the Indians.
speaker_heading: FIRST INDIAN
dialog: It's all right, Sahib! Very safe --
dialog: bend -- bend!
text: All the Indians are crouching. Charlie closes his eyes
dialog: ruefully -- he's had better ideas than this -- and he gets
text: as flat as he can.
scene_heading: TRAIN AND TUNNEL - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The train, with passengers clinging to the sides and riding
text: on the top, steams into the tunnel, its whistle sounding.
speaker_heading: THE TUNNEL
text: Black. A glimmer of light, through steam, the whistle echoing.
speaker_heading: INDIAN'S VOICE
dialog: Pray to God, Sahib! Now is when it
dialog: is best to be Hindu!
text: Close shot. Charlie. In a flash of steamy light, staring
text: wide-eyed at the Indian.
text: Black, and sudden silence.
text: AND WE DISSOLVE THROUGH TO:
scene_heading: CONVENTION TENT - INTERIOR - DAY
text: High. Coming into focus is a lighted platform, and as the
text: scene becomes clearer we see figures on the platform and the
text: banner which reads INDIAN NATIONAL CONGRESS, and we hear the
text: emotional voice of Jinnah at the microphone.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (gradually fading in)
dialog: We were asked for toleration. We
dialog: were asked for patience. Some gave
dialog: it and some did not. Well, their war
dialog: is over! And those of us who supported
dialog: it, and those of us who refused must
dialog: forget our differences!
text: The camera has been moving in; now it jumps to Jinnah in
text: close shot and intercuts with the impact of his fervid
text: delivery on the audience.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: And there can be no excuses from the
dialog: British now! India wants Home Rule!
dialog: India demands Home Rule!!
text: And the audience cheers him. Newspaper cameramen crowded
text: around the platform photograph him. Patel comes forward from
text: the back of the platform, clapping. He is chairing the
text: Congress. Jinnah bows, taking his notes, gesturing to the
text: auditorium. A man made for the spotlight, a man loving the
dialog: spotlight.
text: At last he moves back to his place on the platform. Nehru
text: clasps his hand in congratulation. Others crowd around him.
text: And fleetingly, just in the edge of picture, we see Gandhi --
text: again, the only one in an Indian tunic -- sitting at the end
text: of the second row on the platform. He is just watching the
dialog: flood of enthusiasm for Jinnah.
text: Featuring Patel approaching the microphone, stilling the
text: house with upraised hands.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: And let no one question that Mr.
dialog: Jinnah speaks not just for the Muslims --
dialog: but for all India!
text: And again the audience cheers and applauds his little coda.
text: He raises his hands, stilling them again.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: And now I'm going to introduce to
dialog: you a man whose writings we are all
text: becoming familiar with... a man who
dialog: stood high in the esteem of our
dialog: beloved Professor Gokhale... a man
dialog: whose accomplishment in South Africa
dialog: will always be remembered. Mr.
dialog: Mohandas Gandhi.
text: Gandhi has already started to come toward the podium. He is
text: greeted with mild applause, but already the convention is
text: performing like a convention now that the spell of Jinnah's
text: major speech has dissipated. As Gandhi reaches the podium,
text: Patel gestures him to it.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Your journal has made a great impact.
text: Gandhi nods to him and acknowledges the residue of applause.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am flattered by Mr. Patel
dialog: (His grin.)
dialog: I would be even more flattered if
dialog: what he said were true.
dialog: He means about the journal.
text: Patel has wandered back toward the others, his mind already
text: on them. But he has half heard Gandhi's comment and turns --
dialog: a smile, a politician's flexibility --
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (loudly; he is away
dialog: from the mike)
dialog: But it's true! I -- I read it...
dialog: often.
text: Again Gandhi grins -- and takes glasses from his sleeve.
dialog: This is the first time we have seen them. He has one slip of
text: paper with notes on it which he has put on the podium. He
text: puts his glasses on and faces the convention.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Since I returned from South Africa,
dialog: I have traveled over much of India.
dialog: And I know I could travel many more
dialog: years and still only see a small
dialog: part of it.
text: On the platform, the whispered politics go on. On the floor
dialog: of the convention, some listen, some talk of other things.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: ...and yet already I know what we
dialog: say here means nothing to the masses
dialog: of our country.
text: Nehru has turned, having caught that last remark. He touches
dialog: Patel on the shoulder "Listen."
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Here we make speeches for each other --
dialog: and those English liberal magazines
dialog: that may grant us a few lines.
text: And now they are beginning to pay attention on the floor of
dialog: the hall too.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: But the people of India are untouched.
dialog: Their politics are confined to bread
dialog: and salt.
text: Jinnah too is listening now -- aloofly, challengingly.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Illiterate they may be, but they are
dialog: not blind. They see no reason to
dialog: give their loyalty to rich and
dialog: powerful men who simply want to take
dialog: over the role of the British in the
dialog: name of freedom.
text: There is dissent on the floor and on the platform -- but it
text: is muttered and English "polite." Gandhi goes on.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: This Congress tells the world it
dialog: represents India. My brothers, India
dialog: is seven hundred thousand "villages"
dialog: not a few hundred lawyers in Delhi
dialog: and Bombay. Until we stand in the
dialog: fields with the millions who toil
dialog: each day under the hot sun, we will
dialog: not represent India -- nor will we
dialog: ever be able to challenge the British
dialog: as one nation.
text: He takes off his glasses and folds them and in silence starts
text: back toward his place on the platform. A cameraman flashes a
text: picture, and someone begins to applaud; it is taken up here
text: and there, tepidly. On the platform, the leaders join in
text: perfunctorily. We see one peasant face (Shukla) -- which we
text: will come to know -- watching from the crowd of outsiders
text: who stand in the doorways.
text: Nehru, who has been looking at Gandhi with interest and some
text: surprise turns to Patel.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Have you read his magazine?
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: No -- but I think I'm going to.
scene_heading: THE TRAIL TO GANDHI'S ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: An open touring car struggling along the bumpy trail. Nehru
text: drives, four friends as young as he with him, all dressed in
dialog: the same expensive, British manner.
speaker_heading: FIRST FRIEND
dialog: This can't be the way!
text: Nehru is looking a little harassed, from the ragging he is
text: taking and from the ride. The ashram is only half-finished,
text: the ground unworked, the buildings only partially completed
text: and the whole looking like some primitive frontier outpost.
text: They are finally brought to a halt by a goat that is tethered
text: right across the path.
speaker_heading: SECOND FRIEND
dialog: (a mocking quote)
dialog: Yes, I'm sure this is the direction
dialog: India is taking.
text: The others laugh; Nehru suffers.
speaker_heading: SECOND FRIEND
dialog: To think I almost got excited by Mr.
dialog: Jinnah when all this was awaiting
dialog: me.
scene_heading: ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Nehru has half risen in his seat to address Charlie Andrews,
text: who, walking from one somnolent building to another, has
text: stopped dead at the sight of the car. He carries sheaves of
dialog: page proofs.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: We're looking for Mr. Gandhi!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ah, you'll find him under the tree
text: by the river.
dialog: (He points off, then
text: glances at the car.)
dialog: You'd better leave the car -- the
text: ground is rather soft.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Thank you . . .
text: He looks around the ashram a little dismally.
speaker_heading: FIRST FRIEND
text: (drolly, as he climbs
dialog: out)
dialog: Come on! I'm anxious to meet this
dialog: new "force"!
scene_heading: ASHRAM - TREE BY RIVER - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi sits under a tree, peeling potatoes. Nehru and his
text: friends are sprawled out around him. Beside them, the river;
text: in the background the business of the ashram goes on.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I try to live like an Indian, as you
dialog: see... it is stupid of course, because
dialog: in our country it is the British who
dialog: decide how an Indian lives -- what
dialog: he may buy, what he may sell. And
dialog: from their luxury in the midst of
dialog: our terrible poverty they instruct
dialog: us on what is justice and what is
dialog: sedition.
text: (He looks at them, a
dialog: teasing but mordant
dialog: grin.)
dialog: So it is only natural that our best
text: young minds assume an air of Eastern
text: dignity, while greedily assimilating
dialog: every Western weakness as quickly as
dialog: they can acquire it.
text: His smile is sardonic, but genuine, theirs embarrassed and
text: self-conscious.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: If we have Home Rule that will change.
text: Gandhi has finished the last potato. He glances at Nehru
text: then drops the potato in the bowl. He lifts the pail of
text: peelings to Nehru.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Would you, please?
text: Nehru in his fine linen suit takes the pail awkwardly. His
text: friends watch with amusement, but they too rise to follow as
text: they head for the kitchen.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: And why should the English grant us
dialog: Home Rule? Here, we must take the
text: peelings to the goats.
text: He re-directs Nehru toward a trough where two or three goats
text: are tethered, but he keeps right on talking.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: We only make wild speeches, or perform
dialog: even wilder acts of terrorism. We've
dialog: bred an army of anarchists but not
dialog: one single group that can really
dialog: fight the British anywhere.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: I thought you were against fighting.
text: They have reached the trough.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Just spread it around -- they like
text: the new peelings mixed with the
dialog: rotting ones.
text: Nehru has carefully walked around something distasteful on
text: the ground, now he dumps the peelings along the trough and
text: spreads them "delicately." Gandhi scoops some peelings from
text: the trough to feed a goat that nudges him.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Where there is injustice, I've always
dialog: believed in fighting.
text: (He looks at Nehru.)
dialog: The question is do you fight to change
dialog: things, or do you fight to punish.
dialog: (His smile.)
dialog: For myself, I have found that we are
dialog: all such sinners we should leave
dialog: punishment to God. And if we really
dialog: want to change things there are better
dialog: ways of doing it than by derailing
dialog: trains or slashing someone with a
dialog: sword.
text: He meets Nehru's gaze, and for a moment something deeper
text: than argument passes between them. Then something catches
text: Gandhi's eye. He looks off. Ba stands, watching him, waiting.
speaker_heading: BA
text: The fire is ready.
text: Gandhi turns. The goat is reaching for his bowl of potatoes.
text: He pushes it away and starts for the kitchen.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You see, even here we live under
dialog: tyranny.
text: Nehru grins, captured by Gandhi's seriousness, and his humor.
text: He hasn't moved, and neither have his friends. They watch
text: Gandhi as he carries his bowl of potatoes to Ba.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (reflectively)
dialog: I told you...
speaker_heading: FIRST FRIEND
dialog: Hm... but look at him. Some "fighter"!
dialog: I can see the British shaking now.
text: Gandhi plods on toward the kitchen, carrying the bowl of
dialog: potatoes.
scene_heading: THE RIVER BED AT THE ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Clothes are dipped in the brownish water. Ba and an ashramite
text: woman squat by the river, washing clothes. It is long past
text: the monsoons and they have had to come far out in the riverbed
text: to the water. But they are laughing at their task.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: But it's the ink that is the most
dialog: diffic --
text: She stops, because coming along the riverbed toward them is
text: a man (Shukla) who looks as though he has come a long, weary
text: way. His face is gaunt, his little bundle of belongings
text: pathetic. As he nears them, he pauses.
speaker_heading: SHUKLA
dialog: I am looking for Mr. Gandhi...
scene_heading: GANDHI'S HUT - ASHRAM - INTERIOR - DUSK
text: Shadowed, the end of the day. Gandhi sits cross-legged,
text: watching solemnly as Shukla reaches with his fingers into a
text: bowl to eat. The fingers are thin, half-starved, like the
dialog: man himself.
speaker_heading: SHUKLA
dialog: ...I've wanted to speak to you for a
dialog: long time.
text: He looks up at Gandhi almost sheepishly. He does not eat
text: yet, but his hunger is evident. Ba sits at one side in the
text: shadows watching him as intently as Gandhi.
speaker_heading: SHUKLA
dialog: ...our crops... we can't sell them...
dialog: We have no money... but the landlords
dialog: take the same rent.
text: His voice is choked and near to tears, resonant with the
text: unspoken agony his words mean for him and the others like
text: him. He looks at Gandhi nervously for a moment, then puts
text: the food to his mouth like a man who is starving, and trying
dialog: desperately not to show it.
text: Close shot. Ba. The solemn intensity of her gaze reflects
text: her identification with the man's agony. She glances up at
dialog: Gandhi...
scene_heading: TRAIN STATION - CHAMPARAN - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: The camera is low, shooting along the track toward the light
text: of an approaching train. From its distant glow we can see
text: that people line the platform of the small station, waiting,
dialog: but we cannot tell how thick the crowd may be.
text: The station house. An open staff car pulls up through the
text: press of the crowd. An English captain leaps out and pushes
text: aggressively through the mass of bodies toward the platform.
text: Again the darkness of the ill-lit station and the angle of
dialog: the camera limit our vision.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: Clear the way there! Get out of the
dialog: way!
text: A detail of British troops, already on the station, moves in
text: his wake, just as aggressive toward the crowd as he is.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT PUTNAM
dialog: Sir! Up here!
text: The sergeant is on the low sloping roof of the station. The
text: captain turns briskly to two of his detail.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: Give me a leg up, will you!
text: The two men join hands and the captain is hoisted up with an
text: assist from Sergeant Putnam. We hear the train stop in the
dialog: background.
text: On the roof. The captain stands erect.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: What the hell is it, Sergeant?
text: He is now standing and his face has frozen. It needs no answer
dialog: from Putnam.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: Jesus...!
text: He turns his head slowly, his mouth agape at His point of
text: view. The whole of the obscurely lit platform is covered
text: thick with waiting crowds. They engulf the station house,
text: back and front, and on the other side of the train more people
text: are packed all along its length, and beyond them along the
text: narrow street that stretches through the little collection
dialog: of houses adjoining the station, every rooftop is covered --
text: men, women with babes in arms, children. There is no
text: excitement, hardly any movement -- just a vast congregation
text: of people, waiting silently is the darkness -- and as the
text: camera pans we see that the crowd extends, indiscernible,
text: even beyond the range of light.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: (awed, a little
dialog: frightened)
dialog: What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT PUTNAM
dialog: I don't know, sir. The agent says
dialog: they got a telegram and it just said,
dialog: he is coming... and gave the time of
dialog: the train.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: Who the hell is he?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT PUTNAM
dialog: I don't know, sir.
text: Featuring Gandhi. He has stepped down from the train. Shukla
text: guides him, Ba and Charlie a step or two behind. Gandhi moves
text: through the silent crowd, his hands in the pranam, bowing a
text: little to either side. As he advances, the crowd parts -- it
text: is almost eerily silent. As their clothes indicate, the area
dialog: is Muslim, so some salaam (a touch of the hand to the
text: forehead) and a few tentatively make the pranam back to Gandhi
text: as he moves through them. Most of the faces are gaunt and
text: lean. A destitute people.
text: And suddenly there is a commotion and the sound of boots on
text: the concrete platform, and the English captain shoves his
text: way through to confront Gandhi down the little aisle that
text: was being made for him. The sergeant and part of the detail
text: and behind the captain.
text: The captain stares. Then he looks around at the crowd,
text: suspiciously, a touch of inner fear, then back to Gandhi.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: Who the devil are you?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: My name is Gandhi. Mohandas K. Gandhi.
text: There is a flicker of recognition, but uncertain. The captain
text: stiffens; a steeling of the will. Another glance at the crowd,
text: this time with an air of outraged authority.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: Well, whoever you are, we don't want
dialog: you here. I suggest you get back on
dialog: that train before it leaves the
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
text: (calmly, a glance at
dialog: the crowd)
dialog: They seem to want me.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: Now look here. I'll put you under
dialog: arrest if you'd prefer?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: On what charge?
text: It has the cold assurance of a lawyer, and the Captain is a
text: little shaken by it. He glances at Charlie who stands behind
text: Gandhi now, and it makes him all the more uncertain.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: I don't want any trouble.
text: He tries to make it severe, but it is a comedown.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am an Indian traveling in my own
dialog: country. I see no reason for trouble.
text: It is firm and there is an edge of assertiveness to it that
text: the Captain doesn't like, but Gandhi's unrelenting stare
text: unnerves him. He glances at Charlie again.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH CAPTAIN
dialog: Well, there'd better not be.
text: Again, the empty severity of weakness. He looks around, then
text: turns and marches off briskly shoving his way through the
dialog: crowd. "Out of my way, there! Come on, move!"
text: Gandhi smiles reflectively, and the crowd suddenly begins to
text: buzz. Where all was silence before there is now the hum of
text: excitement. Already he has scored a victory -- and as he
text: moves forward again, making the pranam, they return it with
text: flushed greetings. "Gandhi -- Gandhi -- Bapu -- Gandhiji"...
scene_heading: PEASANT'S DWELLING - INTERIOR - DAY
text: The early light of the sun illumines the dwelling. We feature
text: a man in middle age, but one who looks ill and drawn (Meha).
text: He lies on a straw mat.
speaker_heading: MEHA
dialog: For years the landlords have ordered
dialog: us to grow indigo, for dyeing the
dialog: cloth. Always they took part of the
dialog: crop as rent.
text: Gandhi sits cross-legged, listening. It is the kind of
text: listening that opens the heart. Behind him a mass of villagers
text: sits stoically, outside the dwelling, waiting while their
text: case is heard. Meha tries to speak unemotionally but under
text: Gandhi's sympathetic gaze his despair keeps cracking through.
speaker_heading: MEHA
dialog: But now the English factories make
dialog: cloth for everyone. No one wants our
dialog: indigo. And the landlords won't take
dialog: their share. They say we must pay
dialog: our rent in cash.
text: Near to breakdown, he gestures around the empty house.
speaker_heading: MEHA
dialog: What we could, we sold... The police
dialog: have taken the rest. There is no
dialog: food, we --
text: He cannot go on.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I understand.
text: (He examines his hands
dialog: a moment.)
dialog: The landlords are British?
text: It's a rhetorical question. Meha nods.
text: Gandhi looks around the crude dwelling, almost nothing
text: remains. We see two young men, one seventeen perhaps, the
text: other older, and a girl, sixteen. And finally Meha's wife,
text: sitting near Ba, the two women listening together but Meha's
text: wife looks like a woman who has given up, her hair is dead
text: and hardly combed, her sari dirty.
text: Meha looks at Gandhi and shakes his head hopelessly. Gandhi
text: nods... He stands slowly.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: What we can do... we will try to do.
text: The words are said bleakly, not to raise false hopes. He
text: glances at Meha's wife. Water comes to her eyes, and she
text: lowers her head. Ba puts her hands on her shoulders and clasps
text: her to her, and the woman breaks, and sobs and sobs...
scene_heading: TILLED FIELD - CHAMPARAN - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi rides on an open howdah on an elephant, his mind locked
text: in sober reflection. Shukla shares the howdah with him, but
text: does not dare break Gandhi's black mood.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Is all Champaran like this, Shukla?
speaker_heading: SHUKLA
dialog: Yes, Bapu...
text: (He looks across the
dialog: field.)
dialog: The whole province... hundreds --
dialog: thousands.
text: It registers with Gandhi -- but inside. A moment.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Mohan -- !
text: Gandhi shakes himself from his absorption and looks back. Ba
text: and Charlie are mounted on a similar howdah on another
text: elephant, both being led by peasant boys. Charlie is pointing
text: behind them. Coming along the path is a tall Indian policeman
text: on a bicycle. He rides right past Charlie and Ba and comes
text: alongside Gandhi. His attitude is superficially polite, but
dialog: he is full of righteous authority.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: (he knows)
dialog: Are you Mr. M. K. Gandhi?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: I'm sorry but you are under arrest.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am not sorry at all.
dialog: It contains more anger than we have seen him display to anyone
dialog: but Ba.
scene_heading: CHAMPARAN CRICKET CLUB - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A ball is hit. The camera pulls back to reveal a lush, verdant
text: pitch, white-garbed players, English, a few ladies dressed
text: in First World War fashion watching under parasols near the
text: clubhouse and in the shade of trees with a few officers and
text: civil servants, while Indian servants discreetly serve cool
dialog: drinks.
text: The batsman has hit a four and we see him run down the pitch
text: with his partner until the four is certain, then
speaker_heading: BATSMAN
dialog: (to the wicket keeper)
dialog: Who did you say would be buying the
dialog: drinks?
text: The wicket keeper makes a rude, facetious gesture, but as
text: the batsman turns to settle in his crease again
speaker_heading: BATSMAN
dialog: Oh, no --
text: He has looked up. A car is pulling hurriedly in near the
text: clubhouse, an officer in it, and people are streaming toward
dialog: it.
text: The car. A major is standing on the back seat. An Indian
text: corporal drives.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: ...I've got no idea. All I know is
dialog: there's a riot or something at
dialog: Motihari in Champaran, and the whole
text: company is ordered out.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: It's two days' march!
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: That's why the match is off. It's
dialog: mostly Muslim territory and the old
dialog: man's taking no chances.
text: Featuring the batsman and some of the players as they walk
text: across the field toward the car. They know something's up.
speaker_heading: BATSMAN
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: God, and it's the best innings I've
dialog: had since Oxford.
speaker_heading: WICKET KEEPER
dialog: (dryly)
text: India's full of grief, old man.
text: The batsman "takes" on him facetiously, and we cut to:
scene_heading: THE COURTHOUSE AND JAIL - MOTIHARI - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A small building on a little Anglicized square. It is
text: surrounded by a milling angry throng of peasants.
text: Featuring the front entrance. The English captain who was at
text: the station when Gandhi arrived is on the top step, looking
text: harried and tense. A small detachment of Indian troops lines
text: the step below him. Charlie Andrews is pushing through the
text: crowd toward the captain. As he approaches, the Indian
text: sergeant holds up his hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: I wish to see the prisoner, please.
text: The captain looks at his clerical collar, his English face,
dialog: his determination.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: All right, Sergeant.
text: Charlie moves through the Indian soldiers and up toward the
text: entrance. The captain stares out worriedly over the unruly
dialog: crowd.
scene_heading: COURTHOUSE JAIL - INTERIOR - DAY
text: A basement chamber -- dark, thick-walled and poorly lit. The
text: camera has panned off a close shot of Gandhi as he turns in
text: his cell at the sound of a door opening and approaching
text: footsteps. We have seen only his head and shoulders, which
text: are covered in a shawl.
text: A police guard leads Charlie across the rough, unfinished
text: floor. As he comes to Gandhi's cell we get a fleeting glimpse
text: of Gandhi sitting on a low pallet bed.
text: Close shot. Gandhi as he recognizes his visitor.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Charlie--
text: Reverse on Charlie. He looks down at Gandhi and shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (a somber grin)
dialog: ...Shades of South Africa.
text: Close shot. Gandhi. Head and shoulders. He returns the grin,
text: but anger and determination still dominate his mood.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Not quite. They're only "holding me"
dialog: until the Magistrate's hearing. Then
dialog: it will be prison.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: Did they take your clothes?
text: And now we see Gandhi in full shot for the first time. He is
text: wearing only a white loincloth, the shawl over his shoulders
text: and sandals -- the costume he will wear for the rest of his
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: These are my clothes now.
text: Charlie studies him a moment, and being Charlie, he
dialog: understands.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (affectionately)
dialog: You always had a puritanical streak,
dialog: Mohan.
text: He grins, and it elicits a little grin from Gandhi.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (in a tone of
dialog: defensiveness)
dialog: If I want to be one with them, I
dialog: have to live like them.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think you do.
dialog: (A smile.)
dialog: But I thank God we all don't.
text: And Gandhi laughs.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I'm sure your legs are quite as
dialog: handsome as mine.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ah, but my puritanism runs the another
dialog: way. I'm far too modest for such a
dialog: display.
text: And again Gandhi laughs. Charlie turns to the guard.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Couldn't I be let in with the
dialog: prisoner? I am a clergyman.
text: The police guard hesitates, and then unlocks the cell.
text: Charlie enters and sits on a little wooden stool opposite
text: Gandhi, his long legs awkwardly filling most of the space
text: between them. Gandhi has remained seated, pensive. Charlie
text: studies him a moment.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (a bit puzzled)
dialog: They're calling you "Bapu." I thought
dialog: it meant father.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: It does. We must be getting old,
dialog: Charlie.
text: A little grin, but his mood remains pensive -- and remote.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What do you want me to do?
text: Gandhi looks up -- his anger, his determination there, but
text: then broken by a hopeless sigh.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I think, Charlie, that you can help
dialog: us most by taking that assignment
dialog: you've been offered in Fiji.
text: Charlie is stunned, and obviously hurt. Gandhi proceeds more
dialog: gently.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I have to be sure -- they have to be
dialog: sure -- that what we do can be done
dialog: by Indians... alone.
text: And now Charlie understands. Gandhi smiles; warmth, and
text: sadness. Then he speaks with a determined purposefulness, a
dialog: friend's trust.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: But you know the strategy. The world
dialog: is full of people who will despise
dialog: what's happening here. It is their
dialog: strength we need. Before you go, you
dialog: could start us in the right direction.
text: He has taken some scratched notes from under the bedding and
text: handed them to Charlie. Charlie nods. He sighs, and rises
dialog: slowly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I must leave from Calcutta, and soon.
dialog: You'll have to say goodbye to Ba for
dialog: me.
text: Gandhi rises, glancing wryly at the prison walls. He nods.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: When I get the chance.
text: And now he faces Charlie; this is the moment of farewell.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, I --
text: He doesn't know what to say, how to say it. Gandhi meets his
text: eyes -- a smile that shelters Charlie's vulnerability, returns
dialog: his love.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: There are no goodbyes for us, Charlie.
dialog: Wherever you are, you will always be
dialog: in my heart...
text: The very English, very steadfast Charlie fights to contain
dialog: his emotions.
scene_heading: THE COURTROOM - MOTIHARI - INTERIOR - DAY
text: It is packed to overflowing; restless. Gandhi sits in the
text: dock. One or two sergeants-at-arms are trying to keep order,
text: but it the uneven and menacing chanting of "Gandhi... Gandhi"
text: coming from the mobs outside the courtroom that fills the
text: atmosphere with threat.
text: The magistrate (English) is surveying the courtroom; he
text: signals his clerk (English) to him.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: (whispered conference)
dialog: I am going to clear the courtroom.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (politely)
dialog: I'm not sure we'd be able to. And it
dialog: is a first hearing, it's supposed to
dialog: be public. And he's a lawyer.
text: The magistrate frowns.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: (worried, angry)
dialog: I don't know where they found the
dialog: nerve for all this.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I'm sure I don't either, but the
dialog: troops won't be here until tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: How the press get here before the
dialog: military?
text: We see the front row from his point of view. Two or three
dialog: Indian journalists and one European.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: That English clergyman sent a number
dialog: of telegrams yesterday afternoon. I
dialog: understand one of them even went to
dialog: the Viceroy.
text: The magistrate receives that news with some alarm. He
text: indicates that the clerk take his place.
text: Gandhi stands. The courtroom is silent, but we can still
text: hear the sound of the chanting outside.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: You have been ordered out of the
dialog: province on the grounds of disturbing
dialog: the peace.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: With respect, I refuse to go.
text: The magistrate stares. The journalists write. The clerk
text: swallows.
text: The magistrate looks around the courtroom and is only too
text: aware of the mob outside.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Do you want to go to jail?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (not giving him an
dialog: inch)
dialog: As you wish.
text: The clerk lowers his eyes to his pad. The magistrate searches
text: the distant wall, the top of his desk, his twitching hands
dialog: for an answer. Finally
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: (as much sternness as
dialog: he can muster)
dialog: All right. I will release you on
dialog: bail of one hundred rupees until I
dialog: reach a sentence.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I refuse to pay one hundred rupees.
text: Again the magistrate stares. And so do the journalists. The
text: magistrate wets his lips --
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Then I -- I will grant release without
dialog: bail -- until I reach a decision.
text: And now the court explodes. In the chaos of cheering and
text: delight, the magistrate rises, looks around the room and
text: heads for his chambers.
text: The journalists are scribbling furiously.
text: Gandhi turns and starts out of the courtroom. We hear cries
dialog: of "Gandhi! -- Gandhi! -- Bapu!"
scene_heading: THE COURTHOUSE BALCONY
text: Gandhi steps down from the courtroom to the balcony. A huge
text: cheer comes up from the massed peasants below. As he smiles
text: down at them, he is turned by
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Gandhiji! -- Gandhiji! Mr. Gandhi!
text: Four young Indians -- elegantly dressed in English clothes --
text: are following him, having plunged through the crowd in the
text: courtroom. A beat -- and the first young man addresses him
text: over the chaos.
speaker_heading: FIRST YOUNG MAN
dialog: (his accent is as
dialog: refined as his clothes)
dialog: Gandhiji -- we are from Bihar. We
dialog: received a cable this morning from
dialog: an old friend who was at Cambridge
dialog: with us.
dialog: (A smile.)
dialog: His name is Nehru and I believe you
dialog: know him.
text: Gandhi reacts -- with surprise and caution.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Indeed.
speaker_heading: FIRST YOUNG MAN
dialog: He tells us you need help. And we
dialog: have come to give it.
text: Again Gandhi is surprised -- but even more cautious. Behind
text: him, the crowd begins to chant "Gandhi -- Gandhi."
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I want to document, coldly,
dialog: rationally, what is being done here.
dialog: It may take months -- many, many
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: FIRST YOUNG MAN
dialog: (they're eager,
dialog: impressed)
dialog: We have no pressing engagements.
text: It sounds casually ironic, but they look determined, even
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You will have to live with the
dialog: peasants.
dialog: (They nod.)
dialog: I have nothing to pay you.
dialog: (They only smile.)
dialog: Hmm.
text: He is looking at them with a soupçon of skepticism but he is
text: beginning to smell victory. His name echoes around him and
text: is taken up even louder as the news spreads to the street.
scene_heading: GOVERNOR'S OFFICE - CHAMPARAN - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Almost total silence. The room is long, large and imposing --
text: hardwood floors, overhead fans, an aura of wealth and
text: permanence. Footsteps pace its acres of space... and Sir
text: George Hodge comes into frame. He is rich, middle-aged, Tory --
text: and at the moment feeling impotent and harried.
speaker_heading: SIR GEORGE
dialog: I don't know what this country is
dialog: coming to!
dialog: The Governor, Sir Edward Gait -- the portrait of the King
text: prominent behind him -- is feeling as cornered as Sir George
text: but for different reasons. His desk is arrayed with several
text: tall stacks of folders -- all with exactly the same covers --
text: and on one corner of the desk, some folded newspapers. We
text: can just read "Gandhi" in a headline. He taps one of the
text: folders irritably with his hand.
speaker_heading: SIR EDWARD
dialog: But good God, man, you yourself raised
dialog: the rent simply to finance a hunting
dialog: expedition!
text: Sir George looks at him -- half defensive, half defiant.
text: They are old friends -- the same school, the same social
text: class, long together in India -- and their argument is an
text: argument between friend who accept the same premises. But
dialog: even so the Governor feels the game has not quite been played
dialog: fairly.
speaker_heading: SIR EDWARD
dialog: And some of these others --
text: (he gestures to the
dialog: folders again)
dialog: beatings, illegal seizures, demanding
dialog: services without pay, even refusing
dialog: them water! In India!...
text: Sir George is staring out of the window, vexed, bristling
dialog: but defensive.
speaker_heading: SIR GEORGE
dialog: Nobody knows what it is to try to
dialog: get these people to work!
speaker_heading: SIR EDWARD
dialog: Well, you've make this half-naked
dialog: whatever-he-is into an international
dialog: hero.
text: He picks up one of the papers irritatedly, the London Daily
dialog: Chronicle.
speaker_heading: SIR EDWARD
dialog: "One lone man marching dusty roads
dialog: armed only with honesty and a bamboo
dialog: shaft doing battle with the British
dialog: Empire."
dialog: (He lowers the paper
dialog: dismally; then the
dialog: ultimate bitterness)
dialog: At home children are writing "essays"
dialog: about him.
text: Sir George looks at him and sighs heavily. Sir Edward stares
text: back, then drops the paper back on his desk.
speaker_heading: SIR EDWARD
dialog: I couldn't take another two years of
dialog: him to save my life.
text: Sir George turns, and paces back toward him. For the first
text: time we see Sir Edward's personal secretary (a male civil
text: servant) sitting at a small desk and listening with highly
dialog: developed unobtrusiveness.
speaker_heading: SIR GEORGE
dialog: What do they want?
text: It is the first sign of concession. Sir Edward lifts his
text: eyes to his personal secretary.
speaker_heading: PERSONAL SECRETARY
dialog: (reading precisely
dialog: from a document)
dialog: A rebate on rents paid.
dialog: (Sir George huffs.)
dialog: They are to be free to grow crops of
dialog: their own choice. A commission --
dialog: part Indian -- to hear grievances.
text: Sir George looks from him to Sir Edward. A beat.
speaker_heading: SIR GEORGE
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: That would satisfy him?...
speaker_heading: SIR EDWARD
dialog: (a nod; then pointedly)
dialog: And His Majesty's Government. It
dialog: only needs your signature for the
dialog: landlords.
text: Sir George looks at the document on the secretary's desk. A
text: moment. The secretary turns it slowly so it is facing him.
text: Sir George looks at it like a snake. The secretary picks up
text: a pen and offers it. A second, then Sir George takes the pen
text: and signs angrily.
speaker_heading: SIR GEORGE
dialog: It will be worth it to see the back
dialog: of him.
dialog: (A flourish at the
dialog: end of his signature,
dialog: then he stands.)
dialog: We're too damn liberal.
text: Sir Edward is at the liquor cabinet.
speaker_heading: SIR EDWARD
dialog: Perhaps. But at least all this has
dialog: made the Government see some sense
dialog: about what men like Mr. Gandhi should
dialog: be allowed, and what they should be
dialog: denied.
text: He turns, offering Sir George a whiskey in a finely cut glass
dialog: of crystal.
speaker_heading: SIR EDWARD
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Things are going to change.
scene_heading: JINNAH'S RESIDENCE - BOMBAY - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Jinnah moves from under the portico. His shining, expensive
text: car is coming in the drive and stops by him. He opens the
text: back door, but only the chauffeur is in the car.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (in annoyance)
dialog: Where is Mr. Gandhi?
speaker_heading: CHAUFFEUR
dialog: (distastefully)
dialog: He said he preferred to walk, sir. I
dialog: followed him most of the way. He's
text: just turned the corner.
text: Jinnah closes the door and looks across at the entrance in
text: exasperation.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: The Prophet give me patience.
speaker_heading: CHAUFFEUR
dialog: He came Third Class.
text: It's a disdainful comment and he drives the car off toward
dialog: the garage.
text: Gandhi comes around the corner of the wall into the entrance.
text: He is carrying a bedroll and a bamboo walking stick. Herman
text: Kallenbach is with him, dressed informally, also carrying a
text: bedroll. Jinnah makes a "sophisticated" salaam.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (with effort)
dialog: My house is honored.
text: Gandhi grins, dismissing the formality.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (he makes the pranam)
dialog: The honor is ours. May I introduce
dialog: Mr. Kallenbach. He's an old friend
dialog: (anticipating Jinnah's
dialog: objection)
dialog: and his interest is in flowers. I
dialog: presumed to tell him he could wander
dialog: your gardens while we talked.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (the suave, but
dialog: slightly ironic host)
dialog: I'll send my gardener. I'm sure you'll
dialog: have much to discuss.
scene_heading: JINNAH'S DRAWING ROOM - INTERIOR - DAY
text: It is spacious, "English." At the door, Jinnah introduces
text: Gandhi to the room.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: Gentlemen -- the hero of Champaran.
text: Again Gandhi grins at the extravagance.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Only the stubborn man of Champaran.
text: A polite little laugh; Jinnah introduces him.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: Mr. Patel you know.
dialog: (Patel bows.)
dialog: Mr. Maulana Azad -- a fellow Muslim...
dialog: recently released from prison.
text: Gandhi makes the pranam, studying him with interest after
text: that comment. Azad gives a gentle salaam.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: Mr. Kripalani.
dialog: (A bow -- we have
dialog: seen him at the
dialog: Congress Conference.)
dialog: And of course you know Mr. Nehru.
text: Gandhi turns.
text: Featuring Nehru. He stands, awaiting Gandhi's attention. All
text: the others have been dressed in European clothes. The handsome
text: Europeanized Nehru now wears an Indian tunic -- much like
dialog: the one that Gandhi once wore.
text: For a moment Gandhi studies the costume, then a broad smile.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a play on Jinnah's
dialog: introduction)
dialog: I am beginning to know Mr. Nehru.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (to business: Gandhi
dialog: has been admitted to
dialog: the power circle, he
dialog: is not the power)
dialog: Well, I've called you here because
dialog: I've had a chance to see the new
dialog: legislation. It's exactly what was
dialog: rumored. Arrest without warrant.
dialog: Automatic imprisonment for possession
dialog: of materials considered seditious...
text: He looks at Gandhi.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Your writings are specifically listed.
text: Gandhi nods at the "compliment," but they are all angered by
dialog: the severity of it.
speaker_heading: KRIPALANI
dialog: So much for helping them in the Great
dialog: War...
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (fire)
dialog: There is only one answer to that.
dialog: Direct action -- on a scale they can
dialog: never handle!
text: Again the temper of it produces a little silence. Then
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: I don't think so.
text: He moves to a servant who stands, holding a large tray with
text: a silver service of tea. Of them all, Nehru's manner is the
text: most naturally patrician and Jinnah watches him with a
text: somewhat envious awareness of it.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Terrorism would only justify their
dialog: repression. And what kinds of leaders
dialog: would it throw up? Are they likely
dialog: to be the men we would want at the
dialog: head of our country?
dialog: His stand has produced a little shock of surprise. Holding
text: his tea, he turns to Gandhi with a little smile.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: I've been catching up on my reading.
text: He means Gandhi's of course. Jinnah looks at the two of them.
text: Gandhi has removed his sandals and is sitting cross-legged
text: on a fine upholstered chair. Jinnah's eyes rake him with
text: anger and distaste.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I too have read Mr. Gandhi's writings,
dialog: but I'd rather be ruled by an Indian
dialog: terrorist than an English one. And I
dialog: don't want to submit to that kind of
dialog: law.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (to Nehru --
dialog: diplomatically --
dialog: but with a trace of
dialog: condescension)
dialog: I must say, Panditji, it seems to me
dialog: it's gone beyond remedies like passive
dialog: resistance.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (in the silence)
dialog: If I may -- I, for one, have never
dialog: advocated passive anything.
text: They all look at him with some surprise. As he speaks, he
text: rises and walks to the servant.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am with Mr. Jinnah. We must never
dialog: submit to such laws -- ever. And I
dialog: think our resistance must be active
dialog: and provocative.
text: They all stare at him, startled by his words and the fervor
text: with which he speaks to them.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I want to embarrass all those who
dialog: wish to treat us as slaves. All of
dialog: them.
text: He holds their gaze, then turns to the immobile servant and
text: with a little smile, takes the tray from him and places it
text: on the table next to him. It makes them all aware that the
text: servant, standing there like an insensate ornament, has been
text: treated like a "thing," a slave. As it sinks in, Gandhi pours
text: some tea then looks up at them with a pleading warmth --
dialog: first to Jinnah.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Forgive my stupid illustration. But
dialog: I want to change their minds -- not
dialog: kill them for weaknesses we all
dialog: possess.
text: It impresses each one of them. But for all his impact, they
text: still take the measure of him with caution.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: And what "resistance" would you offer?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: The law is due to take effect from
dialog: April sixth. I want to call on the
dialog: nation to make that a day of prayer
dialog: and fasting.
dialog: "Prayer and fasting"? They are not overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: You mean a general strike?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (his grin)
dialog: I mean a day of prayer and fasting.
dialog: But of course no work could be done --
dialog: no buses, no trains, no factories,
dialog: no administration. The country would
dialog: stop.
dialog: Patel is the first to recognize the implications.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: My God, it would terrify them...
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: (a wry smile)
dialog: Three hundred fifty million people
dialog: at prayer. Even the English newspapers
dialog: would have to report that. And explain
dialog: why.
speaker_heading: KRIPALANI
dialog: But could we get people to do it?
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (he is half sold
dialog: already)
dialog: Champaran stirred the whole country.
dialog: (To Gandhi)
dialog: They are calling you Mahatma -- the
dialog: Great Soul.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Fortunately such news comes very
dialog: slowly where I live.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (continuing, to the
dialog: others)
dialog: I think if we all worked to publicize
dialog: it... all of the Congress... every
dialog: avenue we know.
text: The idea has caught hold. As the others talk of "papers,"
text: "telegrams," "speeches," Jinnah looks over his cup at Gandhi
text: with an air of bitter resignation, but he tries to make light
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: Perhaps I should have stayed in the
dialog: garden and talked about the flowers.
scene_heading: THE GARDEN - VICEROY'S PALACE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A garden party in full imperial splendor. A military band
text: plays discreetly in the background. Princes, maharajahs,
dialog: generals, ranking British civil servants and their ladies
text: taking tea on the manicured lawns among the exotic flowers.
dialog: But over all there is a thread of anxiety, we pick up one or
dialog: two nervous phrases: "At the West Gate there were no taxis
dialog: at all!," "Of course, the Army will always be loyal." And
text: the camera picks out a civil servant stepping from a door of
text: the palace carrying a sheaf of telegrams and cable forms.
text: He searches the assembled guests, then heads with almost
text: indecorous haste toward his target. It is the Viceroy, Lord
text: Chelmsford. With him, talking quietly, are his aide-de-camp,
dialog: the Governor of the province and his ADC, and the commanding
text: general of the Army in India. Lord Chelmsford's ADC is the
text: first to react to the civil servant's arrival and his
dialog: impatient attendance.
speaker_heading: ADC
dialog: Sir -- it's Mr. Kinnoch.
text: Lord Chelmsford turns expectantly.
speaker_heading: CHELMSFORD
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: KINNOCH
dialog: (hesitant, stunned)
dialog: Nothing... nothing is working, sir --
dialog: buses... trains... the markets...
dialog: (Personal, incredulous)
dialog: There's not even any civilian staff
dialog: here, sir... Everything has stopped.
speaker_heading: CHELMSFORD
dialog: (curt, firm)
dialog: Is it simply Delhi and Bombay?
text: His firmness doesn't restore Kinnoch's normal aplomb. He
text: holds the telegrams forward.
speaker_heading: KINNOCH
dialog: No, sir -- Karachi, Calcutta, Madras,
dialog: Bangalore. It's, it's total.
text: He glances at the general.
speaker_heading: KINNOCH
dialog: (the ultimate)
dialog: The Army had to take over the
dialog: telegraph or we'd be cut off from
dialog: the world.
text: That takes the wind out of all of them. Grimly, Lord
text: Chelmsford looks out across the palace's ordered lawns and
dialog: gardens.
speaker_heading: CHELMSFORD
dialog: I can't believe it...
speaker_heading: KINNOCH
dialog: He's going to sell his own paper
dialog: tomorrow in Bombay. They've called
dialog: for a parade -- on Victoria Road.
speaker_heading: CHELMSFORD
text: (clenches his jaw and
dialog: turns to the General)
dialog: Arrest him!
scene_heading: THE JAIL - BOMBAY - INTERIOR - DAY
text: A prison door opens. Gandhi, in prison clothes, is led along
text: a small corridor to a room. The door is held open by a prison
dialog: guard.
scene_heading: ROOM - THE JAIL - BOMBAY - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Nehru waits for Gandhi. He rises when Gandhi enters. The
text: guard signals Gandhi to a chair across a small wooden table
text: from Nehru. The guard closes the door, but remains in the
text: room. Nehru's face is a map of concern, but he manages a
text: small smile of greeting.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Bapu...
text: Gandhi, who also looks worn, rises his eyebrows whimsically
dialog: at the use of that name.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You too...
dialog: He means "Bapu" -- "Father."
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (a real smile, but
dialog: the same affection)
text: It seems less formal than "Mahatma."
text: Gandhi sighs, and their faces and minds go to more somber
dialog: matters.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Since your arrest the riots have
dialog: hardly stopped. Not big --; but they
dialog: keep breaking out. I run to stop
dialog: them... and Patel and Kripalani --
dialog: they are never at rest. But some
dialog: English civilians have been killed,
dialog: and the Army is attacking crowds
dialog: with clubs -- and sometimes worse.
text: Gandhi has listened to it all with a growing sense of despair.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Maybe I'm wrong... maybe we're not
dialog: ready yet. In South Africa the numbers
dialog: were small...
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: The Government's afraid, and they
dialog: don't know what to do. But they're
dialog: more afraid of terrorists than of
dialog: you. The Viceroy has agreed to your
dialog: release if you will speak for non-
dialog: violence.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a sad smile)
dialog: I've never spoken for anything else.
scene_heading: THE STREETS OF AMRITSAR - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The golden dome of the Temple fills the screen, shimmering.
text: The sound of a car, and marching feet. The camera pulls back
text: from the dome, revealing the rooftops, the trees and then
text: suddenly, center of frame, the face of General Dyer -- blunt,
text: cold, isolated in a cocoon of vengeful military righteousness.
text: He is traveling slowly, steadily in an armored car at the
text: head of fifty armed sepoys -- Gurkhas and Baluchis --
text: immaculate, precise, awesome. Behind them a staff car with
text: Dyer's English ADC and a British police officer. It is a
text: relentless, determined procession, filling the dusty street
text: with a sense of menace and foreboding.
scene_heading: JALLIANWALLAH BAGH - AMRITSAR - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A large public garden, enclosed by a thick, old, crumbling
text: wall. A large crowd is gathered around a speaker on a platform
text: at one side of the park. It is political, but the crowd is
dialog: mixed. We see Muslims and Hindus, many of them Sikhs, old
text: men, little children, women with babes in arms. Some donkey
text: carts, a sense of fair-time gaiety.
text: We close in on the speaker -- a Muslim. He clutches a copy
dialog: (we need not see the title) of Gandhi's journal.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: ...England is so powerful -- its
dialog: army and its navy, all its modern
dialog: weapons -- but when a great power
dialog: like that strikes defenseless people
dialog: it shows it brutality, its own
dialog: weakness! Especially when those people
dialog: do not strike back.
dialog: (He holds aloft the
dialog: clenched journal.)
dialog: That is why the Mahatma begs us to
dialog: take the course of non-violence!
scene_heading: THE ENTRANCE OF THE JALLIANWALLAH BAGH - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: General Dyer, his armored car, his sepoys, moving toward the
text: gate. Dyer looks ahead calmly.
text: His point of view. The Gate of the Bagh. A rickety double
text: gate in the high crumbling wall. On each pillar, poster
dialog: notices for the meeting: "For Congress -- For Gandhi." In
text: the distance the speaker and the assembled crowd. Nearer, a
text: few vendors, loiterers and children. At the sound of the
text: armored car and marching feet, a few turn in curiosity.
text: Another angle. The armored car grinds forward. It won't go
text: through the gates, one fender scraping against the gate post.
text: Dyer gives a quiet order, the car backs away. Dyer jumps
text: down lightly -- a man in splendid condition. He walks through
text: the gate and stands quietly in the at-ease position, hands
text: clasping his swagger stick behind his back. looking off at
dialog: The speaker -- medium shot.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: ...If we riot, if we fight back, we
text: become the vandals and they become
dialog: the law! If we bear their blows,
dialog: they are the vandals -- God and His
dialog: law are on our...
text: (He glances up.)
dialog: side.
text: Long shot -- his point of view. The two platoons of sepoys,
text: rifles at the port, trot smartly through the gate and fan
text: out on either side of the motionless and dominant figure of
dialog: Dyer.
dialog: Resume the speaker.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: (soldiering on)
dialog: ...We must have the courage to take
dialog: their anger...
text: Medium close -- the sepoys and Dyer. He issues his commands
text: in a quiet and unemotional voice, as though they were on
dialog: maneuvers.
speaker_heading: DYER
text: Port arms, Sergeant Major.
text: The sergeant major issues the command. The troops port arms.
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: Load.
text: Again, the sergeant major barks the command, the bolts slam
text: back and forth, the magazines clatter.
text: Featuring the platform and the front of the crowd. They have
text: all turned now to watch, frozen in incredulity and
text: fascination. The sound of the sergeant major's orders and
text: the sinister rattle of breeches and bolts drifting to them.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: (almost to himself as
dialog: he too is riveted)
dialog: ...Our pain will be our victory.
text: Their point of view. The distant figures facing them.
text: Resume the crowd. Numbly they begin to back away, pressing
text: against the speaker's stand, themselves. A man picks up a
dialog: child.
text: Their point of view. The small, distant figures of the sepoys
text: again. A word of command. One platoon kneels and takes aim.
text: Another command. The second platoon, standing behind the
text: first, takes aim.
text: Featuring Dyer. His ADC approaches. The British police officer
text: stands off to one side.
speaker_heading: ADC
dialog: Do we issue a warning, sir?
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: They've had their warning -- no
dialog: meetings.
dialog: It is final.
text: Resume the crowd. A ripple of panic now, everyone pressing
text: back, but still they cannot credit what they see. Only one
dialog: or two have the presence of mind to push clear and seek
text: shelter. It is too late.
text: Close shot Dyer, still calm.
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: Sergeant Major --
speaker_heading: SERGEANT MAJOR
dialog: Take aim!
text: Long shot over the sepoys and their sights, the wavering
text: crowd distant.
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: Fire!
text: Flash shot along the line of sepoys; the rifles jerk and
text: bang. The crowd, running, screaming.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT MAJOR
dialog: Reload!
text: A dreadful press of panic-stricken people flying toward the
text: walls. And again the crash of rifles. Some fall. Others run
text: off-screen in an aimless, irresistible wave.
text: Dyer is walking behind his men, telling them, with a view to
dialog: maximum accuracy, what he has told them on the firing range
text: (it makes him a little irritable to have to repeat it).
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: Take your time. Take your time.
text: He looks off at the crowd. His eyes narrow.
text: A group of men are hurling themselves at a breach in the top
text: of the wall, hanging there, scrabbling for a purchase, some
text: disappearing, a few heroic individuals astride the wall
dialog: reaching down to assist their women and children in the
text: swirling crowd below.
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: Corporal!
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Sir!
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: Over there.
text: He nods. The corporal looks.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Sir.
text: He directs the attention of his neighbors in the firing line
text: toward the new target; they shift their aim.
text: A man reaching for a child -- who is also propelled upward
text: by its mother from below -- is hit, falls, so that he and
text: the child crash into the crowd below.
text: Sepoys firing ad lib. Dyer watching the effect, careful and
dialog: conscientious.
text: Swift tracking a man running through the staggering crowd,
text: over the litter of bodies, his mouth open, his eyes wild. He
text: arrives at a well, throws down the rope and slides down it.
text: Others seize the idea and in panic throw themselves into the
text: well, dropping out of sight.
text: Featuring Dyer. Meticulously, he taps a corporal on the
text: shoulder with his swagger stick and indicates the well. The
text: corporal signals his line of men.
text: At the well. The gathering crowd -- men, women -- and laced
text: with rifle fire.
text: From behind the sepoys we see the whole Bagh, littered with
text: dead and dying, a thick ruck around the well, the walls
text: hanging with wounded and dying, the firing continuing, loud,
dialog: loud, louder... until --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE ARMORY HALL - THE FORT OF LAHORE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Silence. The camera is close as it crosses a table with legal
text: documents. Gradually we hear a muffled cough, whispers,
text: shuffled papers, and it at last comes to a large close shot
dialog: of General Dyer.
text: Another angle. A Commission of Inquiry sits in the large
text: Armory Hall of the Old Fort. Dyer faces a panel of
dialog: Commissioners: Lord Hunter, presiding, Mr. Justice Rankin,
text: General Barrow, a British civil servant, and an Indian
dialog: barrister.
dialog: The Commission functions like a public parliamentary committee --
text: little ceremony, no judicial robes, a small group of public
text: and press, who sit on wooden chairs behind a barrier that
dialog: isolates the Commission's business.
dialog: Much of that public is English -- fellow officers and
dialog: civilians.
text: A Government Advocate (English) turns to face Dyer.
speaker_heading: ADVOCATE
dialog: General Dyer, is it correct that you
dialog: ordered your troops to fire at the
dialog: thickest part of the crowd?
text: Dyer glances woodenly at the panel -- a man in some shock at
dialog: the consequences of what he assumed was an act worthy of
dialog: praise.
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: (righteously)
dialog: That is so.
text: The Advocate looks at him with a degree of disbelief -- more
text: at his attitude than his statement.
speaker_heading: ADVOCATE
dialog: One thousand five hundred and sixteen
dialog: casualties with one thousand six
text: hundred and fifty bullets.
text: A slight reaction from the public section. Dyer's jaw
dialog: tightens.
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: My intention was to inflict a lesson
dialog: that would have an impact throughout
dialog: all India.
text: He stares at the panel like a reasonable man making a
text: reasonable point. The evasiveness, the only half-buried
text: embarrassment of their response only deepens his own
dialog: withdrawal into himself.
speaker_heading: INDIAN BARRISTER
dialog: General, had you been able to take
dialog: in the armored car, would you have
dialog: opened fire with the machine gun?
text: Dyer thinks about it. Then unashamedly --
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: I think, probably -- yes.
text: A muted reaction from the public section. The Indian barrister
text: stares at him a moment, then simply lowers his eyes to his
dialog: notes.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: General, did you realize there were
dialog: children -- and women -- in the crowd?
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I did.
text: For the first time there is the hint of uncertainty in his
dialog: manner.
speaker_heading: ADVOCATE
dialog: But that was irrelevant to the point
dialog: you were making?
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: That is correct.
text: There is just a tremor of distaste quickly suppressed among
text: the panel. Not so quickly in the public section.
speaker_heading: ADVOCATE
dialog: Could I ask you what provision you
dialog: made for the wounded?
text: Dyer looks at him quickly. The question is unexpected, even
text: a little "clever." The officers listening clearly resent it.
speaker_heading: DYER
dialog: (a moment, then firmly)
dialog: I was ready to help any who applied.
text: And that answer stops the Advocate. He smiles dryly.
speaker_heading: ADVOCATE
dialog: General... how does a child shot
dialog: with a 3-0-3 Enfield "apply" for
dialog: help?
text: Dyer faces him stonily, a seed of panic taking root deep in
text: his gut.
scene_heading: JALLIANWALLAH BAGH - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Quiet: the same silence as at the Court of Inquiry. The camera
text: is panning slowly along a section of the wall. We are close
text: and see the bullet holes, the patches of splashed blood, the
text: scratches where fingers have dug at the surface of the wall
text: to claw a path to safety... And finally the camera comes to
text: a close shot of Gandhi, matching that of Dyer, whom we have
text: just left. He is surveying the wall in the now empty park
text: numbly, desolately.
text: Nehru stands a few feet away from him, his mood the same,
text: the same benumbed grief and incredulity.
text: Resume the wall -- Gandhi's point of view. The camera
text: continues its pan -- bits of human hair matted in the dried
text: blood, and the bullet-ripped foliage, the well, trampled
text: ground around it, little pieces of clothing. Flies buzz around
text: the debris. Abstractedly, Gandhi touches the bucket rope
text: that lies across the surround. Nehru has moved to the other
text: side of the well. Gandhi lifts his eyes to him...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: THE VICE-REGAL PALACE - NEW DELHI - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The imposing capitol building of the British Raj in India.
dialog: We establish then cut into
scene_heading: GOVERNMENT COUNCIL ROOM - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Featuring the Viceroy, Lord Chelmsford.
speaker_heading: CHELMSFORD
dialog: You must understand, gentlemen, that
dialog: His Majesty's Government -- and the
dialog: British people -- repudiate both the
dialog: massacre and the philosophy that
dialog: prompted it.
text: Chelmsford is pacing along one side of a large conference
text: table. Just in front of this is the "British" side -- two
dialog: generals (a full general and a brigadier), a naval officer,
text: two senior civil servants, a senior police officer. Across
dialog: from them is the "Indian" side: Gandhi, Nehru, Patel, Jinnah,
text: Azad. This time Gandhi is in the middle and speaks with the
dialog: full authority of a leader.
text: The Indian side acknowledges Chelmsford's disclaimer --
text: coolly, but accepting it. That lifts Chelmsford's hopes a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: CHELMSFORD
dialog: What I would like to do is to come
dialog: to some compromise over the new civil
dialog: legis --
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: If you will excuse me, Your
dialog: Excellency, it is our view that
dialog: matters have gone beyond
dialog: "legislation."
text: It is spoken with the cold determination of a man still angry.
text: It stops Chelmsford in mid-pace.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: We think it is time you recognized
dialog: that you are masters in someone else's
dialog: home.
dialog: (It chills, stiffens;
dialog: Gandhi proceeds only
dialog: an iota softer)
dialog: Despite the best intentions of the
dialog: best of you, you must, in the nature
dialog: of things, humiliate us to control
dialog: us. General Dyer is but an extreme
dialog: example of the principle. It is time
dialog: you left.
text: The British are stunned almost to speechlessness -- the
dialog: audacity, the impossibility of it -- and from Gandhi of all
text: people. The senior civil servant, Kinnoch, is the first to
dialog: recover.
speaker_heading: KINNOCH
dialog: With respect, Mr. Gandhi, without
dialog: British administration, this country
dialog: would be reduced to chaos.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (patient, ironic)
dialog: Mr. Kinnoch, I beg you to accept
dialog: that there is no people on earth who
dialog: would not prefer their own bad
dialog: government to the "good" government
dialog: of an alien power.
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER
dialog: (indignantly, choked)
dialog: My dear sir -- India is British!
dialog: We're hardly an alien power!
text: Gandhi and the others just look at him.
text: Chelmsford is realist enough to recognize that a faux pas
text: has been made, and he strives to get the meeting back on the
dialog: course he intends.
speaker_heading: CHELMSFORD
dialog: Even if His Majesty could waive all
dialog: other considerations, he has a duty
dialog: to the millions of his Muslim subjects
dialog: who are a minority in this realm.
dialog: And experience has taught that his
dialog: troops and his administration are
dialog: essential in order to keep the peace.
text: He has deliberately if delicately caught the eye of both
dialog: Jinnah and Maulana Azad during this. Gandhi knows the trouble
dialog: this can cause and he answers more for those on his side
dialog: than the Viceroy's.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: All nations contain religious
dialog: minorities. Like other countries,
dialog: ours will have its problems.
dialog: (Flat, irrevocable)
dialog: But they will be ours -- not yours.
text: Its finality is such that for a moment there is no response
text: at all, but then the General smiles.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: And how do you propose to make them
dialog: yours? You don't think we're just
dialog: going to walk out of India.
text: His smile flitters cynically on the mouths of the others on
dialog: his side.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Yes... in the end you will walk out.
dialog: Because one hundred thousand
dialog: Englishmen simply cannot control
dialog: three hundred fifty million Indians
dialog: if the Indians refuse to co-operate.
dialog: And that is what we intend to achieve --
dialog: peaceful, non-violent, non-co-
dialog: operation.
text: He looks at them all, then up at Lord Chelmsford behind them.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Until you yourself see the wisdom of
dialog: leaving... your Excellency.
scene_heading: LATER - THE SAME GOVERNMENT COUNCIL ROOM
text: Close shot -- a crystal decanter. The top is lifted, whiskey
text: pours.
text: The camera pulls back. We are still in the Council Room, but
text: time has passed. The Indian delegation has gone, and the
text: British are relaxing as a servant pours.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (mocking his exchange
dialog: with Gandhi)
dialog: "You don't just expect us to walk
dialog: out?" "Yes."
text: And they all laugh.
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER
dialog: Extraordinary little man! "Nonviolent,
dialog: non-co-operation" -- for a moment I
dialog: almost thought they were actually
dialog: going to do something.
text: There are some smiles, but not all of them are quite so
dialog: amused.
speaker_heading: CHELMSFORD
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Yes -- but it would be wise to be
dialog: very cautious for a time. The Anti-
dialog: Terrorist Act will remain on the
dialog: statutes, but on no account is Gandhi
dialog: to be arrested. Whatever mischief he
dialog: causes, I have no intention of making
dialog: a martyr of him.
dialog: It is an instruction they all find correct.
scene_heading: FIELD - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: A roar of approval from a huge crowd. We are featuring two
text: British soldiers, their faces partially lit by a flickering
text: torch light that reveals their tense wariness.
text: Another angle. And we can see its cause. A huge crowd is
text: gathered around a platform -- torches sprinkled through it --
text: and their mood is confident, belligerent. As their defiant
text: roar carries through the night air we see that Gandhi sits
text: cross-legged on the platform. Nehru is with him. Patel, now
text: for the first time in an Indian tunic, and Azad, also in an
text: Indian tunic. Desai, Gandhi's new male secretary, is with
text: them. But it is Ba who is speaking at the microphone, who
text: has brought the shout of defiance from the crowd.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (simple, direct)
dialog: ...but now something worse is
dialog: happening. When Gandhiji and I were
dialog: growing up, women wove their own
dialog: cloth. But now there are millions
dialog: who have no work because those who
dialog: can buy all they need from England.
dialog: I say with Gandhiji, there is no
dialog: beauty in the finest cloth if it
text: makes hunger and unhappiness.
text: It is the end of her speech and she makes the pranam and
text: turns away. There is applause and noise, but Ba does not
text: acknowledge it; she simply sits cross-legged behind Gandhi,
text: who is talking with Patel and Nehru. At last he rises, and
text: the noise and applause increase to something like chaos.
text: In close shot we see other British soldiers watching on the
text: perimeter of the crowd and they are now made even more wary
text: by the enthusiasm of this greeting. Gandhi fiddles with his
text: glasses, preoccupied; finally he looks out over the crowd
text: and holds up a hand -- almost lazily -- and gradually, but
text: quite definitely, the crowd stills.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: My message tonight is the message I
dialog: have given to your brothers
dialog: everywhere. To gain independence we
dialog: must prove worthy of it.
text: We intercut with the crowd, listening raptly. Gandhi holds
text: up one finger.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: There must be Hindu-Muslim unity --
dialog: always.
dialog: (A second finger.)
dialog: Secondly, no Indian must be treated
dialog: as the English treat us so we must
dialog: remove untouchability from our lives,
dialog: and from our hearts.
dialog: Neither of these goals is easy, and the audience reaction
text: shows it. Now Gandhi raises a third finger.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Third -- we must defy the British.
text: And the crowd breaks into stamping and applause. Gandhi lets
text: it run for a time, then stills it with the one small gesture
dialog: as before.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Not with violence that will inflame
text: their will, but with firmness that
dialog: will open their eyes.
text: This has sobered the audience somewhat. Now he looks out
text: across them as though seeking something. Then
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: English factories make the cloth --
dialog: that makes our poverty.
dialog: (A reaction.)
dialog: All those who wish to make the English
dialog: see, bring me the cloth from
dialog: Manchester and Leeds that you wear
dialog: tonight, and we will light a fire
dialog: that will be seen in Delhi -- and
dialog: London!
text: There is an excited stir; he silences it.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: And if, like me, you are left with
dialog: only one piece of homespun -- wear
dialog: it with dignity!
text: Close shot -- the ground. As suitcoats, shirts, vests,
text: trousers, are flung into a pile.
text: Featuring the two British soldiers -- later -- on the edge
text: of the crowd, staring off, their faces now brightly lit by
text: darting flames.
text: Their point of view. A huge triangular pile burns before the
text: platform, an excited half-naked crowd swirling in the shadows
text: around it. Resume the two British soldiers. They look at
text: each other with a kind of fear a rampant crowd can excite in
dialog: those who must hold it...
scene_heading: ASHRAM STATION - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The small train station near the ashram. Kallenbach stands
text: by a new (early 1920s) Ford touring car, watching as a train
text: pulls into the station.
text: As people start to jump off the train he moves forward.
text: Featuring Patel, getting out of a compartment marked "Second
text: Class." He lugs a bedroll and a bag. Despite the Indian tunic
text: he now wears he cannot help but look and act like the
text: incisive, patrician lawyer he is under the skin. As he moves
text: through the crowded platform.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Excuse me -- just let me get out of
dialog: your way, please.
dialog: (Someone reaches for
dialog: his bedroll and bag.)
dialog: No, thank you, I'll manage.
text: He looks up; it is Kallenbach who is the insistent "helper."
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (joyous -- it's been
dialog: a long time)
dialog: Ah, Herman!
dialog: (Of the bags)
dialog: No, no -- don't destroy my good
dialog: intentions. I'm feeling guilty about
dialog: traveling Second Class.
text: Kallenbach is smiling too. He reaches for the bags again.
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: I do it as a friend -- and admirer --
dialog: not a servant.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Ah, in that case!
text: And grandly, he relinquishes the bags and looks back.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Maulana is made of sterner stuff.
dialog: Our trains met in Bombay, but he's
dialog: back there in that lot somewhere.
text: Their point of view. In the chaos of the Third Class we see
text: Maulana Azad coming out of a section of the coach. He is
text: carrying a baby wrapped in rags. The child's mother with two
text: little ones hanging on her has followed him out.
speaker_heading: PATEL'S VOICE-OVER
text: There he is -- out Gandhi-ing Gandhi.
text: Azad hands the woman the baby and she obviously thanks him.
text: He makes a little salaam to her and moves through the
text: confusion of the platform toward the camera.
dialog: Resume Patel and Kallenbach.
speaker_heading: PATEL
text: (shaking his head at
dialog: it all)
dialog: When I think what our "beloved
dialog: Mahatma" asks, I don't know how he
dialog: ever got such a hold over us. Is he
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: Yes. Now that things are moving he's
dialog: going to write and only take part
dialog: when it's necessary.
text: Azad approaches them.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: (to Patel)
dialog: It was a Hindu child and it tried to
dialog: wet on me.
text: He and Kallenbach clasp with their free hands, both grinning.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Of course. A Muslim beef eater --
dialog: I'm only surprised he missed.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: He was a she.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Ah, that explains it.
dialog: (He grins.)
dialog: Well, do I carry your luggage as
dialog: penance or --
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: There's another passenger -- a Miss
dialog: Slade.
dialog: (He turns
dialog: automatically, as
dialog: Patel and Azad do,
dialog: toward the First
dialog: Class section.)
dialog: She's the daughter of an English
dialog: admiral.
dialog: (Patel and Azad look
text: back at him in quick
dialog: surprise. Kallenbach
dialog: smiles.)
dialog: She's been corresponding with him
dialog: for a year.
text: And the camera pans with their glances at they look back
text: with real interest toward the First Class coach.
text: Porters are unloading the baggage of two or three passengers
text: here and helping some others (English and Indian) to board.
text: In the foreground we see a tall Indian woman in a red sari.
text: Farther along there is a large stack of luggage being added
text: to by a porter. An English woman is hovering about it. She
text: is well dressed, but rather dreary and unprepossessing, and
text: the camera zooms in toward her.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: And what does the daughter of an
dialog: English admiral propose to do in an
dialog: ashram -- sink us?
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: (quietly -- his manner)
dialog: From the looks of the luggage, yes.
text: Patel grins. Like most witty men, he loves wit in others.
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: She wants to make her home with us --
dialog: and Gandhiji has agreed.
text: Patel groans. They turn back to the train and just as they
text: do, the tall Indian woman in the red sari tips a porter,
text: taking one small bag from him and turns: Mirabehn (Madeleine
text: Slade) is tall, quite pretty and extremely English despite
text: the sari. The minute she turns, she stops on seeing the now
text: startled Kallenbach.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: You'd be Mr. Kallenbach.
text: Kallenbach recovers sufficiently to --
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: ...And you would be Miss Slade.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I prefer the name Gandhiji has given
dialog: me -- Mirabehn.
text: The word means "daughter." Patel and Azad stare at each other
text: in something like bafflement.
scene_heading: THE ROAD TO THE ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: An ox labors along in harness. We follow him for a moment,
text: then move along the traces of the harness to the Ford touring
text: car that it is pulling. In the car Kallenbach and Mirabehn
text: sit in the front seat, Patel and Azad in the back.
text: Closer.
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: (of the car)
dialog: It was a gift and it only worked a
dialog: few weeks, but when Gandhi came home
dialog: he struck on this idea. He calls it
text: his ox-Ford. Comfortable -- and yet
dialog: more our pace.
text: He does what little steering is necessary and Mirabehn smiles
text: at it all, finding everything delightful. She peers ahead in
text: the direction of the distant ashram.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: Might Mr. Nehru be there too?
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (glibly)
text: The irresponsible young Nehru is in
text: prison -- again. Though there is a
dialog: rumor that under pressure from your
dialog: country, they will let him out --
dialog: again.
text: Mirabehn has turned to look at him. She has the same
text: sophomoric eagerness and intensity as the young Gandhi.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: You can't know how closely we follow
dialog: your struggle --
dialog: (to Patel personally)
dialog: how many in England admired what you
dialog: did in Bardoli. It must have taken
dialog: enormous courage.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Well, in this country one must decide
dialog: if one is more afraid of the
dialog: government or Gandhi.
dialog: (Of Azad, Kallenbach
dialog: and himself)
dialog: For us, it's Gandhi.
text: Mirabehn is enthralled by the wit, the modesty that underlines
text: the words. She faces Kallenbach.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: (a note of wonder)
dialog: And you're German...
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: And do you feel Indian?
text: She thinks she does, and that he would want to.
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: No.
text: It surprises, but it doesn't deflate.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: But you've been with him so long --
dialog: why?
text: Kallenbach, whose size and stillness carry the aura of some
dialog: great piece of primitive sculpture -- solid, true,
text: disturbingly profound -- searches inside himself for the
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: ...I'd come to believe I would never
dialog: meet a truly honest man. And then I
dialog: met one.
text: It is so profoundly simple and deeply felt that it obviously
text: touches the deeply emotional Mirabehn.
scene_heading: GANDHI'S BUNGALOW - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Ba has a spinning wheel on the small porch and Gandhi is
text: sitting next to her with another. He is trying to imitate
text: her action -- which is fast and dexterous -- and he gets in
text: a terrible jumble. Ba watches, laughing.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Stop -- stop...
text: She leans across and tries to extricate his fingers.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: God gave you ten thumbs.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (morosely)
dialog: Eleven.
text: And Ba laughs again and Gandhi smiles, tapping her with
text: playful reproval on the top of her bent head. There are
text: footsteps and Gandhi looks up. Patel stands in the doorway.
text: Gandhi's face changes to something like elation. A beat.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Sardar...
dialog: It means "leader" and it is the name the peasants have given
text: Patel. Gandhi uses it with an intonation of novelty and
text: respect. He stands and crosses to Patel, clutching him
dialog: emotionally, and it brings a bit of emotion from the
dialog: sophisticated Patel.
text: Gandhi holds him back to look at him.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: What you've done is a miracle. You
dialog: have made all India proud.
text: Patel gets hold of himself, and affects his usual glib
dialog: cynicism.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: It must have been the only Non-violent
dialog: campaign ever led by a man who wanted
dialog: to kill everybody every day.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Not true!
dialog: (He means himself.)
text: The secret is mastering the urge.
text: He smiles again, then, his arm still around Patel's shoulder,
text: he turns to greet the others. Azad looks at him, then
text: facetiously, as though to put down Patel.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: He came Second Class.
text: Gandhi laughs again, squeezing Patel's shoulder.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Well, we can't expect miracles all
dialog: the time.
dialog: (Then to Azad, more
dialog: soberly)
dialog: Your news I understand is not so
dialog: good.
text: Azad shakes his head.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: No.
text: Gandhi reaches forward and touches his hand, and he sees
text: Mirabehn on the porch. For a moment their eyes meet and then
text: Mirabehn moves forward quickly and takes his hand, kissing
text: it, tears running down her cheek. Gandhi touches the top of
dialog: her head.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Come, come -- you will be my
dialog: daughter...
scene_heading: LATER - GANDHI'S BUNGALOW - INTERIOR - TWILIGHT
text: The camera is on a row of sandals by the door -- Patel's,
text: Azad's, Desai's, Gandhi's. It pans to the room. Gandhi sitting
text: facing Patel and Azad, Desai in the background, making notes
text: of the discussion. Gandhi is carding fiber to thread as they
text: talk. Mirabehn, seated like the others, is almost in the
text: circle, sitting near Ba, and listening like her. Ba's spinning
dialog: never stops.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: ...but then some rioting broke out
dialog: between Hindus and Muslims -- violent,
dialog: terrible...
text: Gandhi looks up at Azad, Azad shakes his head solemnly
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: Whether it was provoked...
text: (he shrugs, a hint of
dialog: suspicion)
dialog: But it gave them an excuse to impose
dialog: martial law throughout Bengal.
text: (He looks at Gandhi,
text: shaking his head
dialog: grimly.)
dialog: Some of the things the military have
dialog: done...
text: But he does not go on. It has a terrible sobriety.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Is the campaign weakening?
text: Azad shakes his head.
speaker_heading: AZAD
text: The marches and protests are bigger
dialog: if anything but with the censorship
dialog: here
dialog: (a nod toward Mirabehn)
dialog: they know more in England than we
dialog: do, and it saps the courage to think
dialog: you may be suffering alone.
text: Gandhi reaches out and touches his hand.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: They are not alone. And martial law
dialog: only shows how desperate the British
dialog: are.
text: He holds Azad's eyes, giving strength. Then he turns to
text: Mirabehn, made more aware of her by Azad's reference. For a
text: moment he looks at her sari.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Is that homespun? Or cotton from
dialog: Leeds?
text: The tone suggests he thinks it is homespun. Mirabehn nods, a
text: little choked that his attention is turned to her.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: I -- I sent for it, from here. I
dialog: dyed it myself.
text: Gandhi smiles approvingly. Then a shadow --
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: What do the workers in England make
dialog: of what we're doing? It must have
dialog: produced hardship.
text: Mirabehn beams.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: It has. But you'd be surprised. They
dialog: understand -- they really do. It's
dialog: not the workers you have to worry
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Good.
dialog: (A glance toward Ba.)
dialog: Ba will have to teach you to spin
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: I would rather march.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: First spin. Let the others march for
dialog: a time.
text: Mirabehn nods and looks resignedly at Ba. Ba is spinning.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: First lesson: To march, wear shoes,
dialog: to spin, do not.
text: Mirabehn looks down at the shoes on her feet -- and then at
text: the others and their bare feet -- and she looks up in
text: grinning, self-conscious embarrassment. Ba smiles at her
dialog: affectionately.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: I'll teach you all our foolishness,
dialog: and you must teach me yours.
text: Mirabehn looks at her, accepting the warmth behind the
text: teasing. It is the beginning of an enduring friendship.
scene_heading: CHAURI CHAURA - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: A small town. Featuring the faces of six Indian police
text: constables as a torch light parade passes them. There are
text: enough of them in their group to be watching the marchers
text: with a challenging disdain. The marchers are men in loin-
text: clothes and tunics; they brandish torn and ripped English
text: cloth and shout in unison.
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: Home Rule! Long live Gandhi! Buy
dialog: Indian! Long live Gandhi!
text: We have cut to the parade -- and it is the tail end, going
text: around a corner ahead. Some of the marchers wave their cloth
text: tauntingly at the police. One policeman suddenly steps out
text: and grabs at a piece of cloth waved at him. He pulls it
text: viciously from the marcher.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: I'll stuff your damn mouth with it!
text: He chases the marcher and boots him with his foot. Another
text: marcher runs at the policeman, swinging at him with his piece
dialog: of cloth.
speaker_heading: SECOND MARCHER
dialog: Leave him alone -- he wasn't harming
dialog: you!
text: Another angle -- sudden. He is whacked across the face with
text: a billy club and falls, clutching his face and spouting blood
text: from his nose.
text: Another angle. The police are now all attacking, swinging
text: clubs and kicking at the tail-enders of the march. And the
text: tail-enders begin to scream
speaker_heading: TAIL-ENDERS
text: Help! Help us! as they try to scramble
dialog: away from the attack. Out of shot we
text: can still hear the disappearing chant:
dialog: "Home Rule! Long live Gandhi!"
scene_heading: CONNECTING STREET - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: The parade is on this street. A tail-ender, blood streaming
text: down his face, runs around the corner. lose shot -- the tail-
text: ender. As he stops
speaker_heading: TAIL-ENDER
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Help! Help us!
text: Another angle. Some of the marchers turn at the shout.
scene_heading: RESUME THE POLICE - THE FIRST STREET
text: A few of the tail-enders watching, some running clear of the
text: police, some being beaten.
text: Two police have a man on the ground. One policeman looks up.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Hey --
text: Their point of view. The corner where the parade has
text: disappeared. It is now packed with more marchers, more
text: flooding in from behind.
text: We see the whole street, the marchers massed near the corner,
text: spread out, staring at the police, who are now frozen in
text: their mayhem, staring off at the marchers.
text: For a second, utter silence.
text: And then the police begin to back away from their victims.
text: The marchers start to move forward. The police draw their
text: guns, and the marchers suddenly run at them, a guttural roar,
text: as though they were one single wild beast.
text: Featuring the police. They start to run, some turning to
text: fire at the pursuing crowd, then running on.
scene_heading: THE POLICE STATION - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: A small building for this small town. A policeman on duty
text: holds the door and the fleeing police, first one, then two
text: more, then the last three, run into the building.
text: The crowd surges around it, smashing windows, hurling stones.
text: Close shot. English cloth shirts pushed together and ignited.
text: Second close shot. Trousers, already aflame, being hurled
text: through a broken window. All around, the noise of the angry,
text: surging crowd, stones raining on the building. Shouts: "Out --
dialog: Out!"
text: Later. A corner of the building engulfed in flames. The camera
text: pulls back and we see the whole building swept with fire.
text: The heat of it keeps the crowd back but they are still
text: shouting "Out -- Out! -- Out" -- and a sudden cheer.
text: At the door of the flaming building. One policeman appears,
text: his face blackened with soot, his hands up over his head.
text: Another appears in the smoke behind him, and they start to
dialog: come out -- not only the original six but the five or six
text: others who were in the building -- rushing suddenly from the
text: heat of the fire.
text: Close shot -- the crowd. We are close on the body of the
text: first policeman as he runs into the crowd and on the instant
text: we see a sword slash at his arm.
text: Another angle. The crowd massed around the fallen figure, a
text: flash of the sword going up over the heads -- a breathless
text: pause -- and it comes down again... savagely.
text: Later. The flames of the crumbled building. The crowd has
text: gone and we only hear the roar of the flames. The camera
text: pans across the flames, and we see a skull, charred flesh
text: still clinging to it, the eyes black holes, the teeth bare
text: as it burns in the fire.
scene_heading: JINNAH'S DRAWING ROOM - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Close shot -- Gandhi. His face drawn, stunned, as he stares
text: emptily at the floor. He is sitting on the carpet in the
text: center of the room. A moment of silence and then we begin to
text: hear the tick of a clock, the sounds of others moving in the
dialog: room, and finally
speaker_heading: PATEL'S VOICE
dialog: That's one bit of news they haven't
dialog: censored.
text: Another angle. Patel leans with one arm on a table, his mood
text: as devastated as Gandhi's; he is looking at an Indian paper
text: on the table by his hand. A moment then
speaker_heading: JINNAH'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, it's all over the world...
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: India's "non-violence."
text: He has been standing, looking out of a window. He turns, and
text: tosses a newspaper on a desk. It is a New York Times and we
text: just glimpse the picture of the severed head lying in the
text: smoldering ashes.
text: And now we see Nehru and Azad in the background too. And
text: Desai. Jinnah as usual in a finely cut European suit, the
text: others are dressed in tunics of homespun as they will be to
dialog: the end.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (bleakly)
dialog: What can we do?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (sepulchrally)
dialog: We must end the campaign.
text: They turn to him -- a sense of surprise, but they don't really
dialog: believe he means the statement.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: After what they did at the massacre --
text: it's only an eye for an eye.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (he hasn't moved; the
dialog: same tone)
text: An eye for an eye only ends up making
dialog: the whole world blind.
text: (Now he looks up at
dialog: them.)
dialog: We must stop.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (a baffled smile)
dialog: Gandhiji -- do you know the sacrifices
dialog: people have made?
text: He looks at him. Gandhi doesn't move. Patel looks up
text: hopelessly at Jinnah. Azad keeps his eyes fixed on Gandhi,
text: sensing, fearing what is going to happen.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: We would never get the same commitment
dialog: again -- ever.
text: He looks at Gandhi with a mounting sense of annoyance.
text: Gandhi is listening, but still withdrawn into himself.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: If we obtain our freedom by murder
dialog: and bloodshed I want no part of it.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: It was one incident.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Tell that to the families of the
dialog: policemen who died.
text: Jinnah turns away in anger. Patel sighs. Nehru feels helpless
text: but he continues to try.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
text: Bapu -- the whole nation is marching.
dialog: They wouldn't stop, even if we asked
dialog: them to.
text: Gandhi stares into nothing -- mulling that. Finally
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I will ask. And I will fast as penance
dialog: for my part in arousing such emotions --
dialog: and I will not stop until they stop.
text: Nehru stares at him -- surprised. Azad is not.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (disgustedly)
dialog: God! You can be sure the British
dialog: won't censor that! They'll put it on
dialog: every street corner.
text: Gandhi does not react. And Nehru ignores the thought too,
text: because like Azad his mind is already on the real danger.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: But -- but Gandhiji people are
dialog: aroused... they won't stop.
text: Gandhi looks up at him -- a resigned fatalism.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: If I die, perhaps they will...
scene_heading: THE ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - TWILIGHT
text: Mirabehn walks across the grounds toward Gandhi's bungalow.
text: She carries a small tray with a pitcher and a glass. We see
text: a few people working in the background, and a mass of people
text: camped near the entrance, some sprawled, some sitting, some
text: standing -- all waiting.
text: The steps of Gandhi's bungalow. A doctor in a white tunic
text: sits on the porch, reading. On a small table beside him we a
text: stethoscope and the equipment to measure blood pressure. He
text: looks up at Mirabehn as she mounts the steps, and nods.
text: Mirabehn reaches the doorway and is suddenly brought up.
scene_heading: GANDHI'S BUNGALOW - THE INTERIOR - MIRABEHN'S POINT OF VIEW -
speaker_heading: TWILIGHT
text: In the shadows, Ba sits by Gandhi's mat bed. She is holding
text: him as he heaves in a spasm of dry retching, his face to the
text: wall. When he is finished, he lies almost limp in her arms
text: and she gently lowers him to the mat. She strokes his head.
text: Mirabehn stiffens herself. She is not yet devotee and nurse.
text: She removes her sandals and walks across the room.
text: Ba looks up at her. She glances at the jug and glass, then
text: nods. She turns to Gandhi.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I must get ready for evening prayers.
dialog: Mirabehn is here.
text: She strokes his sweating head again, touches his shoulder
text: and gets up. For a moment the two women hold each other's
text: gaze, then Ba smiles weakly, and leans her head into the
text: taller Mirabehn's shoulder. With her free hand Mirabehn
text: touches Ba's head. Then Ba straightens, and leaves without
text: looking back.
text: Mirabehn bends and sits by Gandhi's side.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: I've brought your drinking water.
dialog: May I turn you?
text: Gandhi struggles to turn, and Mirabehn helps him. When he
text: turns we see that his face is wet with sweat from the dry
text: heaving and his hands and arms are quivering and he cannot
text: stop them. She looks at him nervously, then pours a glass
text: from the pitcher.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
text: There is a little lemon juice in it.
dialog: That is all.
text: She turns back, and propping up his head, helps him to sip.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: Herman has gone to meet Pandit Nehru --
dialog: there was a telegram. Almost
text: everywhere it has stopped.
text: Gandhi swallows with difficulty. He pauses, letting his head
text: fall back and she lowers it down to the mat again. He tries
dialog: to smile.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: When it is everywhere, then my prayers
dialog: will be answered.
text: Mirabehn looks daunted by his intractability.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Do you find me stubborn?
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: (her own honesty)
dialog: I don't know... I know you are right.
dialog: I don't know that this is right.
text: Gandhi signals her down to him. She bends so she is looking
text: at the floor and he is speaking almost into her ear.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (hoarse, strained)
dialog: When I despair, I remember that all
dialog: through history the way of truth and
dialog: love has always won.
text: We intercut their faces, very close, as he speaks.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: There have been tyrants and murderers,
dialog: and for a time they can seem
dialog: invincible. But in the end they always
dialog: fall. Think of it -- always... When
dialog: you are in doubt that that is God's
dialog: way, the way the world is meant to
dialog: be... think of that.
text: During the very last of it Mirabehn has turned her face to
text: him, touched with emotion.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (the paternal smile)
dialog: And then -- try to do it His way.
text: (A tear runs down
text: Mirabehn's face. She
text: touches his shoulder.
dialog: Gandhi just leans
text: his head back in
dialog: exhaustion.)
dialog: And now -- could I have another feast
dialog: of lemon juice?
text: Mirabehn straightens up, smiling, wiping the tear from her
text: cheek with mock discipline. She starts to pour water from
text: the pitcher into the glass again, then she turns suddenly,
text: her attention caught.
text: Her point of view. The doorway. Nehru stands in it. Kallenbach
text: and Desai are a step or two behind him.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: Panditji -- come in.
text: She stands, moving back from Gandhi.
text: Nehru crosses and kneels in Mirabehn's place. Gandhi looks
text: up at him and his eyes light. He moves his shaking hand out
text: and Nehru clasps it. A moment of personal feeling between
dialog: them, then
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Jinnah, Patel, all of Congress has
dialog: called for the end of non-co-
dialog: operation. There's not been one
dialog: demonstration. All over India people
dialog: are praying that you will end the
text: fast. They're walking in the streets,
text: offering garlands to the police --
dialog: and to British soldiers.
text: It is a victory. Gandhi's face cracks into a tearful grin.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (croaked)
dialog: Perhaps -- perhaps I have overdone
dialog: it.
text: And Nehru chokes with emotion and laughter at the same time.
text: He buries his head on Gandhi's hand, clutching it to him.
scene_heading: THE ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Bright sunshine. A little boy is pulling a goat by a tether.
text: He turns with a bright smile.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Good morning, Bapu!
text: Reverse angle. Gandhi is walking, holding Ba's shoulder for
text: support with one hand, and Mirabehn's with the other. It is
dialog: some days later.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Good morning.
dialog: (Of the goat)
dialog: Don't let her go. If she bumps me I
dialog: am done for.
text: The boy grins at Gandhi's feigned alarm.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Don't worry. I milk her every day,
dialog: she's not --
text: The sound of a motor disturbs them. Gandhi turns.
text: His point of view. Coming into the entrance, along the bumpy
text: path are two police cars (early 1920s Morris). They have to
text: stop because they are impeded by Gandhi's ox-Ford.
text: Four Indian policeman hop quickly out of the second car. A
dialog: British police superintendent, and his British deputy get
text: more decorously out of the first.
text: Another angle. Gandhi has turned with his two props, Ba and
text: Mirabehn. The police are approaching him. Kallenbach is
text: running from the fields. Nehru is hurrying from another
text: building carrying sheaves of page proofs. Other ashramites
text: converge from the fields and buildings.
text: The British police superintendent (who is Scottish) stops
dialog: before Gandhi.
scene_heading: POLICE SUPERINTENDENT
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Sedition.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (it is too absurd)
dialog: You can't be serious! This man has
dialog: just stopped a revolution!
scene_heading: POLICE SUPERINTENDENT
dialog: (uncomfortably; he
dialog: knows)
dialog: That's as may be. I only know what I
dialog: am charged to perform.
text: Nehru stares at him and the policemen with growing
text: incredulity.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: I don't believe it -- even the British
dialog: can't be that stupid!
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Panditji -- please, help me.
text: It stops Nehru. He looks at Gandhi and sighs in unmastered
text: frustration, but he moves to Gandhi's side. Gandhi turns to
dialog: Mirabehn.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You must help Herman -- and Ba.
dialog: (He releases her, and
dialog: says more loudly to
dialog: the others)
dialog: I have been on many trips -- it is
dialog: just another trip.
text: He smiles at them, then slips his free hand on Nehru's
text: shoulder and he turns to the superintendent.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am at your command.
text: Featuring Gandhi, Ba and Nehru, as they walk to the car behind
text: the somewhat surprised superintendent.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (to Nehru)
dialog: If there is one protest -- one riot --
dialog: a disgrace of any kind, I will fast
dialog: again.
text: He looks at Nehru firmly. Nehru knows him well enough now
text: not to argue -- even at this, though his face shows the
dialog: struggle.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (and now he smiles --
dialog: Gandhi to Nehru,
dialog: special)
dialog: I know India is not ready for my
dialog: kind of independence. If I am sent
dialog: to jail, perhaps that is the best
dialog: protest our country can make at this
dialog: time. And if it helps India, I have
dialog: never refused to take His Majesty's
dialog: hospitality.
text: He laughs and Nehru struggles to join in the joke.
scene_heading: THE CIRCUIT COURT - AHMEDABAD - INTERIOR - DAY
text: A quiet hum in a packed courtroom. Armed sepoys line the
dialog: wall.
text: Featuring Judge Broomfield and the clerk. The Judge is
text: flipping through documents on the case, a troubled frown on
text: his face. At last, he shuts the folder and nods to the clerk.
text: The clerk turns and says in a moderately loud voice --
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Call the prisoner to the bar.
text: The sergeant-at-arms turns and moves to the door at the side
text: of the bench. The courtroom immediately falls silent. The
text: sergeant-at-arms opens the door -- a moment -- and Gandhi
text: enters slowly. He has recovered a bit more, but he still
text: moves slowly.
text: Featuring Judge Broomfield. As Gandhi enters, he lowers his
text: glasses, places them on his desk, and rises, facing Gandhi.
text: Featuring two English court reporters. One nudges the other
text: in astonishment, signaling off toward the judge.
text: Their point of view. The clerk, confused as well as
text: astonished, see the judge standing, facing Gandhi in respect,
text: and dutifully, he too stands.
text: Resume the reporters. A disbelieving exchange of glances,
text: the sound of others standing around them. They glance back.
text: Full shot -- the courtroom. The whole court rises, the
text: astounded reporters the last of all.
text: Featuring Gandhi. He takes the prisoner's stand. He looks
text: around, a little surprised, a little affected by the
text: demonstration. He looks up at the judge. For a minute their
text: eyes meet, the judge makes a little bow to Gandhi. Gandhi
text: reciprocates... and the judge sits down.
text: Featuring the reporters shrugging incredulously to each other,
text: as they sit once more.
text: Later. The Advocate General is speaking from a folded journal.
speaker_heading: ADVOCATE GENERAL
dialog: ..."Non-co-operation has one aim:
dialog: the overthrow of the Government.
dialog: Sedition must become our creed. We
dialog: must give no quarter, nor can we
dialog: expect any."
text: (He looks up at Gandhi.)
dialog: Signed M. K. Gandhi, in your journal
dialog: Young India, dated twenty-second
dialog: March of this year. Do you deny
dialog: writing it?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Not at all.
dialog: (To the judge)
dialog: And I will save the Court's time,
dialog: M'Lord, by stating under oath that
dialog: to this day I believe non-co-operation
dialog: with evil is a duty. And that British
dialog: rule of India is evil.
text: There is a little shock of reaction around the courtroom.
text: The Advocate General smiles with a brittle disdain, then he
text: turns to the judge.
speaker_heading: ADVOCATE GENERAL
dialog: The Prosecution rests, M'Lord.
text: The judge nods. He turns, glancing at the empty table for
dialog: defense counsel, and then to Gandhi.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BROOMFIELD
dialog: I take it you will conduct your own
dialog: defense, Mr. Gandhi.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I have no defense, My Lord. I am
dialog: guilty as charged.
dialog: (Then testingly)
dialog: And if you truly believe in the system
dialog: of law you administer in my country,
dialog: you must inflict on me the severest
dialog: penalty possible.
text: It is almost a cruel challenge to the obviously humane
dialog: Broomfield.
text: The reporters scribble, watching the Judge even as they write,
text: because the mere doubt in the Judge's face reflects on the
dialog: whole position of the British to India.
text: Featuring Judge Broomfield. He lowers his glasses soberly,
text: staring at them for a moment.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BROOMFIELD
dialog: It is impossible for me to ignore
dialog: that you are in a different category
dialog: from any person I have ever tried,
dialog: or am likely to try.
text: He looks up at Gandhi and his own respect for him is almost
text: poignantly manifest.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BROOMFIELD
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: It is nevertheless my duty to sentence
dialog: you -- to six years' imprisonment.
text: A stunned intake of breath from the whole courtroom, then in
text: absolute silence the clerk scribbles the sentence in his
text: notebook. A pause. The Judge lowers his eyes.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BROOMFIELD
dialog: (a personal statement,
dialog: not a real hope)
dialog: If however His Majesty's Government
dialog: could -- at some later date -- see
dialog: fit to reduce that term, no one would
dialog: be better pleased than I.
text: He folds, and refolds his glasses and then without looking
text: at anyone he rises. The court rises and he walks stiffly to
dialog: his chambers.
text: Featuring Gandhi. He stands, staring at Broomfield, and now
text: it is his face that shows the respect.
scene_heading: INDIAN ROAD - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Long shot. From far above the hills we see a car traveling
dialog: along the road. Its style tells us some years have passed.
text: Featuring Walker -- close. The reporter from the New York
dialog: Times, whom we first saw as a younger man in South Africa.
text: He is in an open car, turning back to look at something, his
text: face intrigued by what he sees.
scene_heading: COLLINS' VOICE-OVER
dialog: (English accent)
dialog: Yes, I'm sure that's exactly what
dialog: they hoped. Put him in prison a few
dialog: years and with luck he'd be forgotten.
dialog: And maybe they'd even subdue him...
text: We see from Walker's point of view an Indian woman walking
text: along the road, leading a tall camel that carries sacks of
text: produce. Two young girls in ragged saris walk with her, and
text: a boy of eight leads a smaller camel behind them. They are
text: staring off at the car.
text: Resume Walker. He swings back around, fascinated with what
text: he is seeing of India. The car is an early 1930s Morris Minor.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Well, he certainly wasn't forgotten!
dialog: And as soon as he got out he was
text: back tramping the country, preaching
dialog: non-violence and demanding a free
dialog: India. Everybody knows another
dialog: showdown's coming -- but when, and
dialog: over what --
dialog: He shrugs, "Nobody knows"...
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Well, I read you account of that
dialog: crowd in Calcutta and that he was
text: twisting the Lion's tail again...
text: Collins has suddenly slowed the car, then swerves around a
text: pair of elephants hauling logs.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (falteringly)
dialog: ...and I knew something had to give.
dialog: And I was determined to be here when
dialog: it did.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: How does a reporter in Central America
dialog: learn that Gandhi was born in
dialog: Porbandar anyway?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Oh, I've been a Gandhi buff for a
dialog: long time.
text: Collins glances at him in surprise as he steers the car around
text: another procession of camels heading toward the port.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: He certainly makes good copy.
dialog: (A laugh.)
dialog: The other day Winston Churchill called
dialog: him "that half-naked Indian fakir."
text: Walker smiles too, but it soon passes.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: I met him once.
text: Collins looks at him in real surprise.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: You mean Gandhi?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Back in South Africa...
dialog: (reflectively)
dialog: long time ago.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: What was he like?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Lots of hair... and a little like a
dialog: college freshman -- trying to figure
dialog: everything out.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Well, he must've found some of the
dialog: answers...
text: He honks as he goes around a wooden-wheeled cart.
scene_heading: PRANAMI TEMPLE - PROBANDER - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Simple. Austere. Filtered light. Featuring Gandhi -- close.
text: He is looking straight ahead.
text: Reverse angle. Across the emptiness of the temple, Ba faces
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (a step forward)
dialog: "In every worthy wish of yours, I
dialog: shall be your helpmate."
text: Another angle featuring Walker and Collins, who are sitting
text: alone, in the cool shadows of the temple, watching with
text: fascination as Gandhi and Ba repeat their marriage ceremony
text: for them, Walker jotting notes occasionally, but his eyes
text: always glued to Gandhi and Ba, who are in part lost in
text: memories and echoes of a significance only they can know.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a step)
dialog: "Take a fourth step, that we may be
dialog: ever full of joy."
text: Wide shot. Showing the two of them before the altar of the
text: temple, moving closer to each other.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (a step)
dialog: "I will ever live devoted to you,
dialog: speaking words of love and praying
dialog: for your happiness."
dialog: Close shot -- Gandhi.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: "Take a fifth step, that we may serve
dialog: the people."
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: "I will follow close behind you and
dialog: help to serve the people."
text: Featuring Walker, now too entranced by the ceremony, by the
text: depth of layered emotions in Gandhi and Ba's voices and eyes
dialog: to take any notes...
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: "Take a sixth step, that we may follow
dialog: our vows in life."
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: "I will follow you in all our vows
dialog: and duties."
text: Ba and Gandhi. Near to meeting now.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a last step)
dialog: "Take the seventh step, that we may
dialog: ever live as friends."
text: Ba takes the last step, so that they are face to face. A
dialog: beat.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: "You are my best friend... my highest
dialog: guru, and my sovereign lord."
text: For a moment their eyes hold -- the many dreams, and hopes
dialog: and pain -- the love of many years.
text: Walker watches, his own face taut with emotion.
text: Resume Gandhi and Ba. And Gandhi slowly lifts his hand.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Then I put a sweetened wheat cake in
text: her mouth.
text: He touches Ba's lips with his extended fingers and she kisses
text: them gently.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: And I put a sweetened wheat cake in
text: his mouth.
text: She has lifted her fingers to his mouth and he kisses them
dialog: gently.
text: Featuring Walker and Collins both touched, the overtly cynical
text: American obviously even more than the likeable Englishman.
text: Gandhi turns to them.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: And with that we were pronounced man
dialog: and wife.
dialog: (Solemnly)
dialog: We were both thirteen...
scene_heading: THE BAY - PORBANDAR - EXTERIOR - DAWN
text: A tiny, beautiful city rising steeply out of the Arabian Sea
text: with tall, thick-walled buildings, half-fortresses, half-
text: homes, their white walls tinted amber and gold now by the
text: early light of the sun.
text: Featuring Gandhi, sitting on a promontory watching the sunrise
text: in solemn meditation... He becomes aware of the sound of
text: footsteps and he turns to see Walker approaching, a little
text: knapsack over his shoulder. Gandhi smiles. Walker comes to
text: his side, looking out over the bay and city, truly impressed.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: It's beautiful.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Even as a boy I thought so.
text: Walker looks down at him. Gandhi scowls up in the early light.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Trying to keep track of you is making
dialog: me change all my sleeping habits.
text: Gandhi smiles.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: And you've come all this way because
dialog: you think something is going to
dialog: happen?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Hm.
dialog: (Then weightedly)
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Perhaps. I've come here to think
dialog: about it.
text: They both watch the waves beat on the shore a moment, the
text: changing hues of the sunrise on the whites of Porbandar.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (musing)
dialog: Do you remember much of South Africa?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: A great deal.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I've traveled so far -- and thought
dialog: so much.
dialog: (He smiles in self-
dialog: mockery, and turns
dialog: toward the city.)
dialog: As you can see, my city was a sea
dialog: city -- always filled with Hindus
dialog: and Muslims and Sikhs and Jews and
dialog: Persians.
text: (He looks at Walker.)
dialog: The temple where you were yesterday
dialog: is of my family's sect, the Pranami.
dialog: It was Hindu of course but the priests
dialog: used to read from the Muslim Koran
dialog: and the Hindu Gita, moving from one
dialog: to the other as though it mattered
dialog: not at all which book was read as
dialog: long as God was worshipped.
text: He looks out to sea, and we intercut his face with Walker's,
text: the sea, and the town itself as the sun turns it white.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: When I was a boy I used to sing a
dialog: song in that temple: "A true disciple
dialog: knows another's woes as his own. He
dialog: bows to all and despises none...
dialog: Earthly possessions hold him not."
dialog: Like all boys I said the words, not
dialog: thinking of what they meant or how
dialog: they might be influencing me.
text: (He looks at Walker...
dialog: then out to the sea
text: again, shaking his
dialog: head.)
dialog: I've traveled so far... and all I've
text: done is come back home.
text: Walker studies him as this profound man reaches, in his middle
dialog: years, a profound insight.
text: Featuring Gandhi staring out to sea, his mind locked in
text: reflection, and suddenly his head lifts, his eyes become
text: alert, he is caught by some excitement which he weighs for a
text: moment, then he stands, his manner suddenly tingling with
dialog: optimism.
text: Walker stares at him, then at what Gandhi seems to be looking
dialog: at.
text: His point of view. The waves lapping the shore below them.
text: Walker turns back to Gandhi, puzzled. But there is no
text: mistaking the sudden glow in Gandhi's face.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: You know what you're going to do.
text: Gandhi looks at him, a teasing smile.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It would have been very uncivil of
dialog: me to let you make such a long trip
dialog: for nothing.
text: The grin broadens, and then he starts briskly down the
text: promontory. Walker scrambles up after him.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Where are you going?
text: Gulls fly over them, squawking in the growing light. Gandhi
text: pauses, looking up at the gulls, then back down to the sea.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I'm going back to the ashram
dialog: (then firmly)
dialog: and then I'm going to prove to the
dialog: new Viceroy that the King's writ no
dialog: longer runs in India!
text: He turns from the sea to Walker, his eyes confident, elated,
text: then he continues on down the promontory. Still baffled,
text: Walker glances at the sea, at him, then hurries after.
text: Full shot. The waves running against the shore...
scene_heading: LORD IRWIN'S OFFICE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Close shot -- the Viceroy, a "new one," Lord Irwin.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: Salt?
text: Another angle. He is looking in astonishment at his principal
text: secretary. His ADC, a general, a brigadier, a senior police
text: officer are with him. Like him they hold the same offices,
dialog: but are a new team.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL SECRETARY
dialog: Yes, sir. He is going to march to
dialog: the sea and make salt.
text: Irwin looks at him, still trying to penetrate the significance
text: of the act. The senior police officer helps.
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: There is a Royal Monopoly on the
dialog: manufacture of salt, sir. It's illegal
dialog: to make it or sell it without a
dialog: Government license.
text: Irwin has listened; it's beginning to make a little sense.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: All right -- he's breaking the law.
dialog: What will he be depriving us of, two
dialog: rupees of salt tax?
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL SECRETARY
dialog: It's not a serious attack on the
dialog: revenue, sir. Its primary importance
dialog: is symbolic.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: Don't patronize me, Charles.
text: The principal secretary blanches.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL SECRETARY
dialog: No, sir. I -- in this climate, sir,
dialog: nothing lives without water -- or
dialog: salt. Our absolute control of it is
text: a control on the pulse of India.
text: Irwin looks at his ADC, then paces a bit, pondering it.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: And that's the basis of this
dialog: "Declaration of Independence"?
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Yes, sir. The day he sets off everyone
dialog: is supposed to raise the flag of
dialog: "Free India." Then he walks some two
dialog: hundred and forty miles to the sea
dialog: and makes salt.
text: A moment as Irwin considers it, then it is the general who
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I say ignore it. Let them raise their
dialog: damn flags, let him make his salt.
dialog: It's only symbolic if we choose to
dialog: make it so.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL SECRETARY
dialog: (pointedly)
text: He's going to arrive at the sea on
dialog: the anniversary of the massacre at
dialog: Amritsar.
text: Irwin has turned to him. And this makes up his mind.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: General Edgar is right -- ignore it.
dialog: Mr. Gandhi will find it's going to
dialog: take a great deal more than a pinch
dialog: of salt to bring down the British
dialog: Empire.
text: He is concerned enough to be angry, but certain enough to be
dialog: dogmatic.
scene_heading: THE ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAWN
text: It is very early, the light just beginning to break, and we
text: are looking out across the river toward the distant town,
text: and against the pink glow of the sky we can see people in
text: groups wading across the river toward the ashram. And suddenly
text: a mass of people, hidden by the embankment, appear at the
text: top of the steps coming up from the river, and the camera
text: lifts slightly with their movement and we see that they are
text: but the forerunners of a long tendril of humanity that
text: stretches across the river, all the way back to the distant
text: outskirts of the city.
text: And around the ashram many fires are burning, people are
text: cooking breakfast, some are packing knapsacks for the journey,
text: others are strewing the path from the ashram with leaves.
scene_heading: GANDHI'S BUNGALOW - INTERIOR - DAWN
text: Quiet, just the buzz of activity from outside the building.
text: Gandhi lies on a mat and Ba and Mirabehn are massaging him
text: with oil as he checks page proofs, an oil lamp by his side.
text: Nehru sits cross-legged next to him, taking the proofs as
text: Gandhi finishes them. Maulana Azad sits to one side. Behind
text: them Desai is making notes on Gandhi's instructions.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (to Nehru)
dialog: ...the real test will come if I am
dialog: arrested. If there is violence we
dialog: lose all our moral advantage. This
dialog: time it mustn't happen.
text: He looks at Nehru and Azad solemnly to emphasize the point.
text: Nehru nods; a little smile.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: We're not beginners anymore. We've
dialog: been trained by a strict sergeant
dialog: major.
text: He means Gandhi of course, and Gandhi accepts the reference,
dialog: but it is the acceptance of the strict sergeant major: "Don't
text: fail me." Then he looks to Azad.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: If I'm taken, Maulana is to lead the
dialog: march. If he is arrested, Patel,
dialog: then Kripalani, then yourself.
text: Nehru nods. Ba moves to massage the top of Gandhi's head.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: You should be relaxing.
text: Gandhi grins, looking at Mirabehn, who is massaging his legs.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I'm sure I'm fit for at least five
dialog: hundred miles.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: You should ride the pony. It is not
dialog: necessary to walk to prove the point.
text: Gandhi looks at Nehru, a benign shrug.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I have two of them bossing me now.
text: Nehru smiles. He stands, having taken the last proof sheet.
text: Azad rises with him.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: We must get these to the printer.
text: (He looks down at
dialog: Gandhi.)
dialog: I know it will succeed. Even my mother
text: is prepared to march.
text: Gandhi is pleasurably impressed with that.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: And Jinnah?
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (a beat)
text: He's waiting. He's not prepared to
dialog: accept it will mean as much as you
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (smiles confidently)
dialog: Wait and see... wait and see...
text: He leans back and closes his eyes. Ba rubs his head
text: soothingly. Nehru bends and squeezes his arm in farewell.
text: Gandhi nods, not opening his eyes. Nehru and Azad smile at
dialog: Ba and leave.
scene_heading: THE ASHRAM - LATER - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The sun higher, but still early light. A green, white and
text: saffron flag (the colors of India) is pulled up an uneven
text: pole. The sound of gentle clapping.
text: Gandhi is off to one side, just in front of the veranda of
text: his bungalow, not paying attention to the ceremony. Ba and
text: Mirabehn watch from the veranda as Pyarelal (Desai's new
text: assistant), with a knapsack over his own shoulders, hands
text: Gandhi his. As Gandhi slips it on, the ashramite boy whom we
text: saw with the goat hands him a long staff. And Gandhi moves
text: around the edge of the bungalow, heading toward the entrance
dialog: of the ashram.
text: A long line of ashramites and marchers stretches from opposite
text: the flagpole to the entrance of the ashram. As Gandhi walks
text: briskly along it, they turn, ready to follow him.
text: When he nears the entrance Gandhi sees Walker standing in
text: front of a collection of newsmen, cameramen, a newsreel crew.
text: He begins to smile, Walker returns it. Gandhi pauses by him.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (of the press)
dialog: You've done me a great service.
speaker_heading: WALKER
text: (a grin, then a play
dialog: on Gandhi's words to
dialog: him)
dialog: It would have been uncivil of me to
dialog: have let you make such a long trip
dialog: for nothing.
text: Gandhi smiles. He turns back toward his bungalow. Ba and
text: Mirabehn stand there watching, Desai with them. Gandhi holds
text: their gaze a second, then turns and starts forward. Pyarelal
text: takes up a position next to him, the marchers follow.
text: Featuring Walker. He steps back, letting Gandhi proceed into
text: the range of the cameras on his own. The crowd around the
text: entrance throws flowers in Gandhi's path, some calling out,
dialog: "Long live Mahatma Gandhi!"
text: Gandhi passes the cameramen and starts along the trail.
scene_heading: THE PATH TO GANDHI'S ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A thinner crowd here, but going all along the path. To one
text: side we see two police cars drawn up, and several policemen
text: (a British officer, a British sergeant, and four Indian
text: constables) lined up near them.
text: As Gandhi nears them Walker moves up beside him. Some of the
text: newspaper cameramen trot behind to get the picture of Gandhi's
text: arrest. Among the newsmen we see Collins.
text: Featuring Gandhi and Walker, Pyarelal just behind them all
text: glancing ahead at the police, who are now quite near.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Is it over if they arrest you now?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Not if they arrest me -- or a thousand --
dialog: or ten thousand.
text: (He looks at Walker.)
dialog: It is not only generals who know how
dialog: to plan campaigns.
text: Walker smiles -- a little uneasily -- for they are now near
text: the police. Gandhi nods to them amiably as he passes along
text: in front of them. Walker is turning, watching for a move
text: from the police but begins to grasp that there may be none.
text: He hurries along closer to Gandhi again, one eye still on
dialog: the police.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: What if they don't arrest you? What
dialog: if they don't react at all?
text: Gandhi glances at him. Walker too wears a knapsack. Gandhi
text: nods to it, though never breaking his pace.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Do you still have your notebook?
dialog: (Walker fumbles for
dialog: it; Gandhi goes right
dialog: on talking.)
dialog: The function of a civil resister is
dialog: to provoke response. And we will
dialog: continue to provoke until they
dialog: respond, or they change the law.
dialog: They are not in control -- we are.
dialog: That is the strength of civil
dialog: resistance.
text: He nods politely toward the British police officer at the
text: end of the police line. Walker stops, letting the procession
text: march on by him, looking at the British police officer, then
text: writing busily in his notebook. Collins stop by him.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: He said he's in charge...
scene_heading: AN INDIAN VILLAGE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A dusty approach to a dusty little village. Both sides of
text: the track are lined with peasants holding flower petals and
text: leaves, all gazing expectantly down the road. Behind them
text: the village is strung with the green, white and saffron colors
dialog: of Independence.
text: Two large policemen stand arms-akimbo at the front of them
text: all, their postures imposing and threatening, though the
text: impression is somewhat weakened by the children skirting
dialog: around them.
text: A little band of drummers and flute players suddenly begins
text: to play. The crowd starts to jump up to see, and the flower
text: petals begin to float in the sky. "Gandhi! Long live Mahatma
dialog: Gandhi!"
text: Another angle. Gandhi and the procession of marchers and
text: ashramites stride down the dusty road toward them.
text: A newsreel truck and crew ride along about two-thirds of the
text: way back. A car of cameramen and reporters tails at the end.
text: Featuring Gandhi. He looks at Walker, walking along a few
text: paces behind him, at the side of the procession. He is wiping
text: sweat from his face.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Are you going to walk all the way?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (a weary grin)
dialog: My name is Walk-er. And I intend to
dialog: report it the way it is.
text: Gandhi smiles and turns back. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: "My name is Walk-er"...
text: And grinning at it, he passes by the policemen and into the
text: cheers of the crowd.
text: Long shot, high. As the procession trails into the village,
text: we see several villagers, knapsacks or bundles strung over
text: their shoulders, run around the police and join the end of
dialog: the procession.
scene_heading: FIELD BY THE ROAD - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: In the dark a large group of students comes stumbling,
text: laughing, across the ditch that separates the road from the
text: field. The student leader gets clear of the ditch and comes
text: upon Pyarelal and Walker. They are standing near a group of
text: American newsmen playing poker by a campfire. He addresses
text: Pyarelal good-naturedly.
speaker_heading: STUDENT LEADER
dialog: We've come to join the march. What
dialog: do we do?
speaker_heading: PYARELAL
dialog: (bluntly)
dialog: Be sure you're awake in the morning.
dialog: (It comes from a
dialog: knowledge of students.
text: He smiles and nods
dialog: off.)
dialog: Find a place to sleep.
text: The student leader follows his gaze and the camera pans off
text: with his glance. We see that the numbers have grown immensely.
text: Fires dot the field and spread and spread and spread. Behind
text: Walker and Pyarelal the newsreel truck and three cars for
text: reporters are spread out around the fires. We identify a
text: couple of Frenchmen and a Japanese. Walker looks at Pyarelal
text: and shakes his head in wonder at it all.
scene_heading: TREE - EXTERIOR - DAWN
text: A small Indian boy is high in a dead tree. Below him a couple
text: of bone-thin cattle graze in the early light as he stares
dialog: off.
scene_heading: DUSTY ROAD - BOY'S POINT OF VIEW - EXTERIOR - DAWN
text: The huge procession stretched out along the road.
text: Resume the boy. He grins as though he is privy to some great
dialog: secret.
scene_heading: "Y" JUNCTION OF TWO COUNTRY ROADS - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A blunt, rotund, powerful-looking woman (Sarojini Naidu) in
text: an outrageously colorful sari strides along the dusty road
dialog: as though she could cover another thousand miles -- and means
text: to. The sound of hundreds of marching feet, of cars, some
text: distant singing. The camera lifts and pulls back. We see
text: that Naidu is marching just behind Gandhi, like a determined
text: lieutenant, and that the procession has grown even greater.
text: Two newsreel trucks now, four cars of reporters, some people
text: riding donkeys, some walking with camels trailing, loaded
dialog: with belongings.
text: And at the "Y" junctions the newsreel crews suddenly go into
text: action because another enormous procession is waiting to
text: join the first, mingling already, making one immense column
dialog: of humanity.
text: And as they pass the camera up close we see an extraordinary
dialog: variety of participants: old, young, students, peasants,
dialog: ladies in saris and jewels, Muslims, Hindus, Sikhs, Christian
text: nuns, Untouchables, merchants, some vigorous and determined,
text: others disheveled, tired and determined.
text: Suddenly the sound of waves and gentle wind.
scene_heading: THE BEACH AT DANDI - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The camera closing fast (helicopter) as the silhouette of a
text: man appears running up a sand dune, lifting his arms to the
text: sky and the camera sweeps over him and up, revealing a
text: crescent of beach and ocean, and for a second it holds on
text: the sea as it did at Porbandar, then pivots to the truly
text: astronomical crowd thronging the shore, an immense wheel of
text: human beings, and in its hub a gathering around Gandhi. We
text: descend on that center, recognizing the newsmen, Walker,
text: Pyarelal, Sarojini Naidu, and at last Gandhi picking up a
text: handful of natural salt and lifting it high.
dialog: During the last of this
speaker_heading: GANDHI'S VOICE-OVER
dialog: Man needs salt as he needs air and
dialog: water. This salt comes from the Indian
dialog: Ocean.
dialog: (The salt crystals
dialog: are added to an urn
dialog: already partially
text: full. The camera
text: pulls back and Gandhi
text: lifts the urn. All
dialog: around him the
dialog: pressing crowd:
dialog: newsreel cameramen,
dialog: reporters -- Walker,
dialog: Collins, Naidu,
dialog: Pyarelal. Firmly)
dialog: Let every Indian claim it as his
dialog: right!!
text: A wide-angle shot.
text: Gandhi in the center of the wildly cheering crowd, the camera
text: pulling back and back... and the shot becomes black and white,
text: and we hear the music of Movietone News.
scene_heading: ANNOUNCER'S VOICE-OVER
dialog: ...and so once more the man of non-
dialog: violence has challenged the might of
dialog: the British Empire.
dialog: And with that we get the Movietone Music tag and as the film
text: fades, the lights go up on
scene_heading: LORD IRWIN'S OFFICE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: A couple of civil servants move about to raise the window
text: shades while Lord Irwin stares at the blank screen set up in
text: his office. The general, the brigadier, the senior police
text: officer, Irwin's ADC and the principal secretary are all
text: present. The two men who ran the projector are quietly
text: dismantling it.
text: Finally, Irwin turns to the senior police officer, who
text: fidgets, but answers the implied questions.
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: They're making it everywhere, sir --
text: mobs of them -- publicly. Congress
dialog: leaders are selling it on the streets
dialog: of Delhi.
text: Irwin sighs.
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER
dialog: We're being made fools of around the
dialog: world!
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Isn't there any instruction from
dialog: London?
text: Irwin nods.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: We're required to stop it.
dialog: (He stands, his mind
dialog: made up.)
dialog: And stop it we will.
text: (He looks at the senior
dialog: police officer.)
dialog: I don't care if we fill the jails,
dialog: stop it. Arrest anyone, any rank --
dialog: except Gandhi. We'll cut his strength
dialog: from under him. And then we'll deal
dialog: with the Mahatma.
text: For the first time he is truly angry.
scene_heading: WALL BY A BEACH - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A young British subaltern trots up to the wall and looks
text: down. His face falls.
speaker_heading: BRITISH SUBALTERN
dialog: Oh, my God!
text: The beach. Subaltern's point of view. Packed with people
dialog: making salt, selling salt, buying salt.
text: Resume the British subaltern. He looks back.
text: His point of view. Behind him there is an open military truck
text: and about twenty sepoys. Formidable for an ordinary crowd,
text: nothing to handle this. The subaltern stiffens bravely and
text: signals the men somewhat unconvincingly from the truck.
speaker_heading: SUBALTERN
dialog: Right -- jump to it -- clear this
dialog: beach!
scene_heading: SMALL WAREHOUSE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Men, women and children are making little paper packets of
text: salt from piles heaped along long tables. A group of policemen
text: barge into the room, knocking tables and salt and paper in
text: every direction with their lathis, seizing some of the
dialog: volunteers for arrest.
text: In the chaos an old man calmly picks up a piece of paper
text: from the floor, a handful of salt, and folds another packet.
scene_heading: WIDE CITY STREET - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Nehru is on the back of a big open truck that is stationary
text: in the street. The truck is loaded with boxes that contain
text: salt packets and Nehru and eight or nine others are selling
text: them to people who flock about the truck. The sound of horses.
text: Nehru lifts his head.
text: Mounted Indian police are coming down either side of the
text: street, a wave of foot police running forward down the center.
text: Some of the people run, others deliberately stand fast.
text: The mounted police converge on the truck. Nehru is grabbed,
text: and hurled so that he half falls, half leaps to the street.
text: One of the men with him is knocked along the ground by a
text: policeman. He is young and vigorous and he swivels on the
text: ground as though to strike back. Nehru lunges toward him.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: No violence, Zia!
text: And a lathi is brought smashing across the side of Nehru's
text: head. He is knocked to his knees; blood streams from his
text: head. He feels the side of his head, the blood soaking his
text: hand. He struggles to his feet, facing the policeman who has
dialog: struck him.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (repeating quietly,
dialog: as though to Zia)
dialog: ...no violence.
text: It stops the policeman for a second, and a sergeant suddenly
text: intrudes, recognizing Nehru.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: You're Nehru --
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: I'm an illegal trader in salt.
text: The sergeant sighs grimly.
scene_heading: LORD IRWIN'S OFFICE - INTERIOR - NIGHT
text: The desk lights are on. Irwin, the senior police officer,
text: the principal secretary. Tension, fatigue, frustration as
text: the senior police officer outlines the situation.
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: ...There's been no time to keep
dialog: figures, but there must be ninety --
text: a hundred thousand under arrest.
dialog: (Grimly, incredibly)
text: And it still goes on.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Who's leading them?
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: I don't know! Nehru, Patel, almost
dialog: every Congress Official is in jail...
dialog: and their wives and their children --
dialog: we've even arrested Nehru's mother.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL SECRETARY
dialog: (shrewdly)
dialog: Has there been any violence?
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: (distracted, offhand)
dialog: Oh, in Karachi the police fired on a
dialog: crowd and killed a couple of people
dialog: and --
dialog: (and this hurts)
dialog: and in Peshawar the Deputy Police
dialog: Commissioner lost his head and...
text: and opened fire with a machine gun.
text: (He looks up at them
text: quickly, defensively.)
dialog: But he's facing a disciplinary court!
dialog: You can't expect things like that
dialog: not to happen when --
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: I believe the question was intended
dialog: to discover if there was any violence
dialog: of their side.
text: The senior police officer looks up, realizing his gaffe and
text: wishes desperately he could relive the last couple of minutes.
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Oh, no, sir -- no, I'm afraid not.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL SECRETARY
dialog: (again the
dialog: Machiavellian mind)
dialog: Perhaps if we arrested Gandhi, it
dialog: might --
text: He means incite violence. The Viceroy ponders it -- favorably.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: (to senior police
dialog: officer)
dialog: He's addressed this letter directly
dialog: to you, has he?
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Yes, sir, he has. The usual -- India's
dialog: salt belongs to India -- but then he
dialog: says flatly that he personally is
dialog: going to lead a raid tomorrow on the
dialog: Dharasana Salt Works.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Thank him for his letter, and put
text: him in jail.
text: The senior police officer is brought up by the chill
text: directness of it. He looks at Irwin and the principal
text: secretary for a moment in uncertainty. Then
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. It will be my
dialog: pleasure.
text: As he turns to leave Irwin speaks -- almost offhandedly.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: And Fields, keep that salt works
dialog: open.
text: The senior police officer stares at him, then
scene_heading: SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Yes, sir!
scene_heading: DHARASANA SALT WORKS - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Barbed wire stretches on either side of the stockade-like
text: entrance. Above the gate we see the sign DHARASANA SALT WORKS.
text: Before it six British police officers and two Indian police
text: officers command a large troop of Indian policemen. They
text: face their opposition, unmoving, tense. The camera pans from
text: them, across a sloping dip in the ground, to a huge group of
text: volunteers lining up to face the police as tautly as the
text: police face them.
text: Walker is off to one side, climbing to stand in the back of
text: Collin's car. He watches, looking tensely from one group to
text: the other, almost terrified by what seems about to happen.
text: Collins leans against the back of the car near him, watching
text: with an equally appalled expectancy. There are two other
text: reporters near them.
text: From Walker's point of view. We see Mirabehn and some Indian
text: women quietly placing stretchers and tables of bandages near
text: a group of tents where the volunteers have been housed.
text: Walker turns back to the two opposing groups at the Salt
text: Works entrance. We hear only a shuffle of feet, the clank of
text: a lathi against a metal police buckle. The air itself seems
text: breathless with tension.
text: Featuring Azad. He has approached the chief police officer.
text: He stops before him politely.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: I would like admission to the Works.
speaker_heading: CHIEF POLICE OFFICER
dialog: (equally politely)
dialog: I am sorry, sir. That cannot be
dialog: allowed.
text: Azad looks at him a second, then glances at the troops. He
text: is clearly afraid, but there is an air of tragic inevitability
text: in his face.
text: He moves back to address the volunteers.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: Last night they took Gandhiji from
dialog: us. They expect us to lose heart or
dialog: to fight back. We will not lose heart,
dialog: we will not fight back. In his name
dialog: we will be beaten. As he has taught
dialog: us, we will not raise a hand. "Long
dialog: live Mahatma Gandhi!"
text: He turns and starts down the dip toward the gate and the
text: waiting lathis of the police.
text: A series of shots, as Azad leads the first row of volunteers
text: down and up the dip.
text: We intercut Walker, frozen, watching the inevitable onslaught,
text: the British police commanding officer ready to give the first
dialog: order.
scene_heading: POLICE COMMANDING OFFICER
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Now!
text: And with the volunteers a foot from them, the police strike
text: with their lathis. A groan of empathic anguish from the
text: waiting volunteers, but then we get A series of shots As the
text: next row moves forward and the horror of the one-sided mayhem
text: proceeds heads are cracked, faces split, ribs smashed, and
text: yet one row of volunteers follows another, and another into
text: the unrelenting police, who knock bleeding bodies out of the
text: way, down into the dip, swing till sweat pours from their
text: faces and bodies.
text: And through it we intercut with Mirabehn and the Indian women
text: rescuing the wounded, carrying them on stretchers to be
text: bandaged. We see Walker helping once or twice, turning,
text: watching, torn between being a professional spectator and a
dialog: normal human being. And always the volunteers coming, never
text: stopping, never offering resistance.
text: And finally on sound there is an insistent click, click,
text: click, like a thud of the lathis but becoming clearly the
text: slap of an impatient hand on a telephone cradle and out of
text: the carnage of the salt works we dissolve to
scene_heading: A SMALL INDIAN STORE - INTERIOR - TWILIGHT
text: Close shot -- a telephone cradle being pounded.
text: Walker is at the phone at a table in the corner of the small,
text: cluttered store. His clothes are matted with blood and dirt.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Hello! Ed! Ed! Goddammit, don't cut
dialog: me off!
dialog: (Then suddenly he's
dialog: through.)
dialog: Ed! Okay -- yeah -- right.
text: And he continues urgently reading the story that lies on his
text: notes on the little stand before him.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: "They walked, with heads up, without
dialog: music, or cheering, or any hope of
dialog: escape from injury or death."
text: (His voice is taut,
dialog: harshly professional.)
dialog: "It went on and on and on. Women
dialog: carried the wounded bodies from the
dialog: ditch until they dropped from
dialog: exhaustion. But still it went on."
text: He shifts the mangled notes and comes to his last paragraph.
text: He speaks it trying only half successfully to keep the emotion
text: from his voice.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: "Whatever moral ascendance the West
dialog: held was lost today. India is free
dialog: for she has taken all that steel and
dialog: cruelty can give, and she has neither
dialog: cringed nor retreated."
dialog: (On Walker close. His
dialog: sweating, blood and
text: dirt-stained face
dialog: near tears.)
dialog: "In the words of his followers, 'Long
dialog: live Mahatma Gandhi.' "
scene_heading: LORD IRWIN'S OFFICE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Silence. The camera moves across the empty room and discovers
text: Irwin, standing by himself, looking out of the window down
text: into the street.
text: Closer. His numb, motionless face is stirred to consciousness
text: by something outside. He focuses somberly on it.
scene_heading: RAJPATH AND VICE-REGAL PALACE - IRWIN'S POINT OF VIEW -
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Through the formal entrance comes a single black car. A
text: motorcycle policeman precedes it.
scene_heading: VICE-REGAL PALACE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The black car pulls up before the front of the palace and
text: stops. There is no sign of activity. It is as though the
text: building and grounds are deserted except for Irwin alone in
dialog: his office.
text: Gandhi gets out of the car. He too is alone. In his dhoti
text: and shawl he starts to mount the grand stairs.
text: Wide angle. The great palace, the magnificent entrance, and
text: the little man in the dhoti, who in a sense has conquered it
text: all, marching to the great doors. Two Gurkhas spring to
text: attention and the doors are swung open.
scene_heading: LORD IRWIN'S OFFICE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: The principal secretary, with a look of faint distaste for
text: someone out of shot, discreetly moves out of the doors, and
text: closes them behind him.
text: Featuring Gandhi, just inside the door. He is looking across
dialog: the wide office.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am aware that I must have given
dialog: you much cause for irritation, your
dialog: Excellency. I hope it will not stand
dialog: between us as men.
text: Reverse angle. Irwin is in shadows behind his desk looking,
text: still, in some kind of shock, staring at Gandhi.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: Mr. Gandhi, I have instructions to
dialog: request your attendance at an All-
dialog: Government Conference in London to
dialog: discuss -- to discuss the possible
dialog: Independence of India.
text: He faces Gandhi stiffly.
text: The whirr of a camera, and a swift cut to
scene_heading: A SUCCESSION OF BLACK-AND-WHITE "NEWSREEL" SEQUENCES OF
scene_heading: GANDHI'S VISIT TO ENGLAND AND THE ALL-GOVERNMENT CONFERENCE.
text: Wide screen, but slightly under-cranked with the bad cutting
text: and predictable music of the old newsreels.
text: A. Gandhi, Mirabehn and Gandhi's secretary, Desai, waving
text: goodbye from the boat deck of their ship as it sails --
text: Mirabehn is holding the tether of a goat -- all of them
text: smiling at the camera like voyagers everywhere.
text: B. Gandhi on the steps of Kingsley Hall in the East End of
text: London being greeted by a cheering crowd. Mirabehn holds an
text: umbrella over him as he takes a bouquet from a little child.
text: The now gray-haired Charlie Andrews beams possessively at
dialog: his side.
text: C. Gandhi, in his dhoti, waving to a small crowd as he enters
text: the gates of Buckingham Palace. A London bobby watches.
text: D. Gandhi, taking his seat at the conference table among the
text: formally -- in some Maharajahs' cases, elaborately -- dressed
text: delegates. A gavel is struck and Ramsay MacDonald begins his
dialog: opening address.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: I think our first duty is to recognize
dialog: that there is not one India, but
dialog: several: a Hindu India, a Muslim
dialog: India, and India of Princely States.
dialog: And all these must be respected --
dialog: and cared for -- not just one.
text: Beneath its unctuous political veneer it is blatantly divisive
text: and clearly reveals the true intent of the Conference. As
text: Gandhi looks at MacDonald, we read on his face his perception
dialog: of the sad truth.
text: E. Gandhi, Mirabehn and Charlie walking under an umbrella in
text: the rain, their heads bent in glum conversation.
text: F. Gandhi being welcomed and kissed by a group of millworkers
text: outside a large mill entrance identified by the sign
text: GREENFIELD COTTON MILL, LANCASHIRE. He is hugged and squeezed
text: by some hefty female millworkers, all grinning happily, Gandhi
dialog: not least.
text: G. Gandhi in a radio studio, seated at a table, a large
text: microphone labeled "CBS" before him, technicians and Mirabehn
text: in the glass booth behind him, Walker across the table from
text: him, the "On the Air" sign bright...
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (to Walker)
dialog: Do I speak into that?
text: Walker cringes, glancing at the lighted "On the Air" sign.
text: He signals "Yes" frantically.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Are they ready? Do I start?
text: He glances at the booth. Everybody including Walker and
text: Mirabehn are nodding "Yes." Gandhi shrugs, grins at everyone's
text: excitement, and begins.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am glad to speak to America where
dialog: so many friends exist that I know
dialog: only in my heart.
text: As the speech continues in the thin, static-y tones of
text: thirties' radio, we see Mirabehn and the technicians listening
text: in the control room./ Walker, across the table from Gandhi./
text: The outside of Broadcasting House./ The Empire State Building
dialog: and Manhattan./ A mid-western farmhouse./ A thirties' radio
text: set in a thirties' American living room./ A family, listening,
text: kids playing on the floor, half ignoring it, the mother
text: ironing, the father in an armchair, a newspaper open.
speaker_heading: GANDHI'S VOICE
dialog: (continuing over all)
dialog: I think your interest and the world's
dialog: has fallen on India, not only because
dialog: we are struggling for freedom, but
dialog: because the way we are doing so is
dialog: unique as far as history shows us.
dialog: Here in Europe mighty nations are,
text: it seems, already contemplating
dialog: another war, though I think they,
dialog: and all the world, are sick to death
dialog: of bloodspilling. All of us are
dialog: seeking a way out, and I flatter
dialog: myself that perhaps the ancient land
dialog: of India will offer such a way. If
dialog: we are to make progress we must not
dialog: repeat history, but make history.
dialog: And I myself will die before I betray
dialog: our belief that love is a stronger
dialog: weapon than hate.
text: H. Gandhi shaking hands with MacDonald outside No. 10 Downing
text: Street, MacDonald smiling the politician's smile, Gandhi
text: smiling rather sadly.
text: I. Gandhi on the deck of a boat, sitting on a deck chair,
text: wrapped in blankets, staring somberly out to sea. Reverse
text: angle: the wake of the boat in the vast ocean.
scene_heading: THE ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The gentle sounds of the country. A girl of twelve leads a
text: limping goat slowly across the grass. She pauses and looks
text: up questioningly.
text: Reverse angle -- close. Gandhi is watching from the porch of
text: his bungalow. We can tell he is sitting and turned to watch
text: the goat, but we see only him and a portion of the bungalow
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It is only a sprain. Take her to the
dialog: river, and we'll make a mud-pack for
dialog: her. Go -- I won't be long.
text: He turns back.
text: Another angle. He is spinning (expertly), and gathered on
text: the porch with him are Nehru and Jinnah and Patel and Azad
text: and Kripalani. Desai and Pyarelal are inconspicuously in
text: attendance as always, Pyarelal now clearly sharing Desai's
dialog: role as secretary.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: So the truth is, after all your
dialog: travels, all your efforts, they've
dialog: stopped the campaign and sent you
text: home empty-handed.
text: He is in his white suit, the black-ribboned pince-nez. He
text: sits on a wicker chair, Nehru and Patel lean against the
text: railing, Azad and Kripalani sit on the floor like Gandhi.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
text: They are only clinging to old dreams
text: (looks up from his
dialog: spinning to Jinnah)
dialog: and trying to split us in the old
dialog: way. But the will has gone --
dialog: Independence will drop like a ripe
dialog: apple. The only question is when
dialog: (another glance at
dialog: Jinnah)
dialog: and how.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: I say when is now -- and we will
dialog: determine how.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: Precisely.
text: Gandhi winds up what he has done, and starts to rise.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: They are preparing for war. I will
dialog: not support it, but I do not intend
dialog: to take advantage of their danger.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (blithely, but to the
dialog: point)
dialog: That's when you take advantage.
text: Gandhi has moved toward the steps. He stops and looks at
text: Patel. A wry, gentle smile.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: No. That is just another way of
dialog: striking back. We have come a long
dialog: way together with the British. When
dialog: they leave we want to see them off
dialog: as friends.
dialog: (He starts down the
text: steps and heads for
dialog: the river.)
dialog: And now, if you'll excuse me, there
dialog: is something I must attend to.
text: Featuring Nehru. He looks at Jinnah and shrugs. Jinnah takes
text: it less philosophically and his eyes burn with anger as he
text: watches Gandhi head for the young girl with the injured goat.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (resignedly)
dialog: "Mud packs."
scene_heading: TRAIN STATION. INTERIOR. DUSK.
text: Gandhi is moving with the stream of passengers disembarking
text: from the Third Class section. Ba and Mirabehn are struggling
text: along behind him, Desai and Pyarelal completing the little
text: group. They pass a newspaper stand: "Hitler's Armies Sweep
text: On." As they move out into the flux of the station we see
text: many uniforms, the sense of a nation readying for war.
text: A British captain stands before a full platoon of Indian
dialog: troops.
text: As Gandhi approaches, a British Lt. Colonel and his Adjutant
text: (a Captain) move out from one side of the troops.
speaker_heading: BRITISH COLONEL
dialog: Mr. Gandhi -- sir.
text: Gandhi stops, looks up at him, at the troops behind him.
speaker_heading: BRITISH COLONEL
dialog: I have instructions to inquire as to
dialog: the subject of your speech tonight.
text: Gandhi shakes his head with a weary grin.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: The value of goat's milk in daily
dialog: diet.
dialog: (Into his eyes)
dialog: But you can be sure I will also speak
dialog: against war.
text: The British Colonel signals back to the troops.
speaker_heading: BRITISH COLONEL
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. That can't be allowed.
text: As a detail marches up to them, the colonel's adjutant speaks
dialog: gently to Ba.
speaker_heading: ADJUTANT
dialog: It's all right, Mrs. Gandhi. I have
dialog: orders to return with you and your
text: companion to the Mahatma's ashram.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: If you take my husband, I intend to
text: speak in his place.
text: She stares at the adjutant belligerently. He looks flummoxed.
text: Later. Long shot -- high. The colonel and his adjutant
text: striding toward the exit of the station. Following behind
text: them, a detail of six soldiers accompanying Gandhi. The camera
text: tracks across the platform and we see they are being followed
text: by a detail of six soldiers accompanying Ba. And the camera
text: tracks again and we see they are being followed by a detail
dialog: of six soldiers accompanying Mirabehn!
scene_heading: WINDING BUMPY ROAD - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A jeep bounces along the road. It is driven by an American
text: lieutenant and his passenger is a woman dressed in an American
text: War Correspondent's uniform (Margaret Bourke-White). As the
text: jeep passes the camera we pan with it and see the walls of a
text: palace ahead.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: Stop! Wait a minute!
text: The jeep slithers to a stop, and Bourke-White grabs a camera
text: that is strapped around her, stands, and takes a picture of
dialog: the palace.
scene_heading: AGA KHAN'S PALACE - BOURKE-WHITE'S POINT OF VIEW - EXTERIOR -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The palace looks evocative -- a lonely, incongruous building.
scene_heading: WINDING BUMPY ROAD - EXTERIOR - DAY
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: It was the Aga Khan's palace, but
dialog: they've turned it into a prison.
text: Bourke-White slips back down into her seat; we see the arm
text: band on her jacket: "Press." The lieutenant starts the jeep
text: up and they head toward the gate, where we see a British
text: soldier on guard.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (shouting over the
dialog: motor)
dialog: They've got most of the leading
dialog: Congress politicians in this one.
dialog: But Nehru and some others are over
dialog: in Dehra Dun. Your timing's pretty
dialog: lucky. They had your Mr. Gandhi cut
dialog: off from the press but last month
dialog: his personal secretary died and
dialog: they've let up on the restrictions.
text: Bourke-White just absorbs it, staring at the palace, taking
dialog: in the experience with the appetite of her breed, and her
dialog: own particular sensitivity.
scene_heading: GANDHI'S ROOM - AGA KHAN'S PALACE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi sits by the window that is grilled rather than barred.
text: He is spinning in a shaft of light -- and looking off -- as
text: we hear a camera click and the rustle of movement. His hair,
text: only half-gray in London, is now white.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Yes, I have heard of Life Magazine.
dialog: (A smile.)
dialog: I have even heard of Margaret Bourke-
dialog: White. But I don't know why either
dialog: should be interested in an old man
dialog: sitting in prison when the world is
text: blowing itself to pieces.
text: Bourke-White -- who has been moving, crouching to shoot him
text: and the light -- sags back against the wall, relaxing at
text: last. She has a smile as penetrating and warming as his.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: (a beat -- and she
dialog: smiles)
dialog: You're the only man I know who makes
dialog: his own clothes.
text: Gandhi grins and glances toward his dhoti.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Ah, but for me that's not much of an
dialog: accomplishment.
dialog: Meaning he doesn't wear many clothes. Bourke-White bursts
text: into an appreciative radiance -- already she has assessed
dialog: him, and been won.
scene_heading: WALL AND YARD - AGA KHAN'S PALACE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi walks along, Bourke-White loping along beside him, a
text: little distance away, listening, but searching too for an
dialog: angle, a moment that is right.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: No -- prison is rather agreeable to
dialog: me, and there is no doubt that after
dialog: the war, independence will come. My
dialog: only worry is what shape it will
dialog: take. Jinnah has --
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: Stop!
text: She has Gandhi in the foreground, a soldier on the wall above
text: and behind him.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: Now go on -- just as you were.
text: Gandhi shrugs but suffers it. We feature him, low, from her
text: point of view, as he walks on, the soldier pacing on the
text: wall in the background.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: (coaching)
dialog: "...what shape it will take." Jinnah
dialog: has -- what?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (at first disconcerted,
dialog: but then flowing)
dialog: Jinnah has -- has cooperated with
dialog: the British. It has given him power
dialog: and the freedom to speak, and he has
dialog: filled the Muslims with fears of
dialog: what will happen to them in a country
dialog: that is predominantly Hindu.
dialog: (He stops, lowering
text: his head gravely.)
dialog: That I find hard to bear -- even in
dialog: prison.
text: She clicks.
scene_heading: WALLED GARDEN IN THE PALACE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A spinning wheel works rapidly. The camera lifts. Gandhi is
text: at the wheel and he is smiling off at Bourke-White, who is
text: trying ineptly to imitate him on another spinning wheel. The
text: garden they are in has gone to seed a bit, but with latticed
text: fretwork in the walls dappling sunlight on the grass and
dialog: shrubs it is still beautiful.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: (archly, but
dialog: emphatically of the
dialog: spinning)
dialog: I do not see it as the solution of
dialog: the twentieth century's problems!
text: She's grinning at her own frustration and she keeps trying,
text: but there's no doubt she means it. Gandhi's smile broadens.
text: Wryly he lifts his own "product" -- a tiny roll of thread.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I have a friend who keeps telling me
dialog: how much it costs him to keep me in
dialog: poverty.
text: And they both laugh... a guard on the wall distantly looks
text: at them wonderingly.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a bit more seriously)
dialog: But I know happiness does not come
dialog: with things -- even twentieth century
dialog: things. It can come from work, and
dialog: pride in what you do.
text: (He looks at her
dialog: steadily.)
dialog: It will not necessarily be "progress"
dialog: for India if she simply imports the
dialog: unhappiness of the West.
text: And she responds to the sophistication of that observation.
text: He pivots around, moving beside her, and slowly demonstrates
text: the process, taking her hands, guiding her. Bourke-White
text: watches him as much as the wheel.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: But do you really believe you could
dialog: use non-violence against someone
dialog: like Hitler?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a thoughtful pause)
dialog: Not without defeats -- and great
dialog: pain.
text: (He looks at her.)
dialog: But are there no defeats in this war --
dialog: no pain?
dialog: (For a moment the
dialog: thought hangs, and
dialog: then Gandhi takes
dialog: their hands back to
dialog: the spinning.)
dialog: What you cannot do is accept
dialog: injustice. From Hitler -- or anyone.
dialog: You must make the injustice visible --
dialog: be prepared to die like a soldier to
dialog: do so.
text: And he smiles a little wisely at her.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: Is my finger supposed to be wrapped
dialog: around that?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No. That is what you get for
dialog: distracting me.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: What do you expect when you talk
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (trying to unravel
dialog: the mess)
dialog: I expect you to show as much patience
dialog: as I am now.
text: His tone is not altogether patient. She looks at him in
text: surprise and he sighs tolerantly. Then reflectively
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Every enemy is a human being -- even
dialog: the worst of them. And he believes
dialog: he is right and you are a beast.
dialog: (And now a little
dialog: smile.)
dialog: And if you beat him over the head
dialog: you will only convince him. But you
dialog: suffer, to show him that he is wrong,
dialog: your sacrifice creates an atmosphere
dialog: of understanding -- if not with him,
dialog: then in the hearts of the rest of
dialog: the community on whom he depends.
text: Bourke-White looks at him and there is enough sense in this
text: argument to give her pause.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: If you are right, you will win --
dialog: after much pain.
text: (He looks at her,
text: then smiles in his
dialog: own ironic way.)
dialog: If you are wrong, well, then, only
dialog: you will suffer the blows.
text: She stares at him, and we know she thinks him much more
dialog: profound than she had thought initially.
scene_heading: BA AND MIRABEHN'S ROOM - AGA KHAN'S PALACE - INTERIOR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Ba, Mirabehn and Bourke-White sit on straw mats around the
text: room, an oil lamp is the only light. It is women's talk, but
text: Ba is defending her husband, speaking simply, but with total
dialog: conviction.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: ...not at all. Bapu has always said
dialog: there were two kinds of slavery in
dialog: India -- one for women, one for the
dialog: untouchables -- and he has always
dialog: fought against both.
text: Bourke-White accepts it at face value. She opens another
dialog: line of inquiry.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: Does it rankle, being separated from
dialog: him this way?
text: Ba pauses.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Yes... but we see each other in the
dialog: day.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: (delicately)
dialog: But not at night...
text: She's terribly curious, but she doesn't want to offend. Ba
text: sees both the curiosity and the hesitancy. She smiles across
dialog: at Mirabehn, then
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: In Hindu philosophy the way to God
dialog: is to free yourself of possessions --
text: and the passions that inflame to
text: anger and jealousy.
dialog: (A smile.)
dialog: Bapu has always struggled to find
dialog: the way to God.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: You mean he -- he gave up --
dialog: (how to phrase it,
dialog: finally)
dialog: married life.
text: Again Ba smiles.
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Four times he tried -- and failed.
dialog: (Mirabehn and Bourke-
text: White grin. The older
text: woman gives a wistful
dialog: smile.)
dialog: But then he took a solemn vow...
dialog: She shrugs... the implication is it was a long time ago.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: And he has never broken it?
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Not yet.
text: She looks at them soberly and then they all burst into
dialog: laughter like girls.
scene_heading: AGA KHAN'S PALACE - EXTERIOR - TWILIGHT
text: Military move quietly but urgently in and out around the
text: main entrance. Two military ambulances are drawn up nearby.
text: A British major comes down the steps quickly. He is almost
text: at the bottom when a British army doctor starts to go up
text: them. The major signals him to one side. They talk quietly
dialog: and confidentially.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: I've got permission to move her --
dialog: he can go too.
text: The doctor shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: She's had a coronary throm -- a
dialog: serious heart failure. She wouldn't
dialog: survive a trip. It's best to leave
dialog: her -- and hope.
text: The major looks defeated and depressed by the news.
scene_heading: BA'S ROOM - INTERIOR - TWILIGHT
text: Ba lies on a mat, a pillow beneath her head, her eyes closed,
text: her breathing short. Mirabehn sits next to her, rubbing a
text: hand up and down her arm.
text: Gandhi sits a little distance away, staring at the floor and
text: into nothingness. Pyarelal sits inconspicuously behind him.
text: Azad and Patel come to the doorway, Patel makes the pranam
text: toward Ba and holds it as he obviously prays. Azad has bowed
text: his head and he too is clearly making some prayer for her.
text: Finally Azad takes just a step forward.
text: Gandhi looks up at him. For a moment he folds his hands
text: absently, then he stands. He moves to Ba's side and kneels.
text: She does not open her eyes.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It is time for my walk -- I won't be
dialog: long.
text: Ba's eyes flutter open. She holds her hand out to him and he
text: takes it. When he goes to release it, she clutches it. Gandhi
text: hesitates, and then he sits, holding Ba's hand in his lap.
text: He looks across at Mirabehn and nods for her to go.
text: Mirabehn smiles weakly, gives Ba a last little rub of farewell
dialog: and stands.
text: The doorway. Patel stands, letting Mirabehn pass before him
text: and do down the corridor with Azad. He looks back.
text: His point of view. Gandhi sitting, holding Ba's hand, his
text: eyes once more on the floor in their empty stare.
text: Another angle -- later. The light has changed. A fly moves
text: along a small section of the floor that still contains a
text: ribbon of the dying sunlight.
text: Gandhi still sits, holding Ba's hand, staring into
dialog: nothingness.
text: The doctor appears in the doorway. He pauses, nods amiably
text: to Gandhi, though Gandhi does not react to his presence at
text: all. Moving quietly, the doctor goes to the other side of Ba
text: and crouches, and lifts her wrist to feel her pulse. He holds
text: it for a moment, then lifts his eyes in doubt and sudden
text: fateful apprehension. He glances at her, then slowly lowers
text: her arm and puts the branches of his stethoscope in his ears.
text: He puts the acoustic bell over her heart... a moment, and he
text: lifts it slowly, his face confirming for us what he and we
text: already know: there is no heartbeat. He glances at Pyarelal,
text: who only lowers his eyes. The doctor turns his head slowly
dialog: to Gandhi.
text: Gandhi. His point of view. His posture is utterly unchanged,
text: Ba's hand still in his lap, his eyes still staring emptily
text: at the floor in front of him, but suddenly tears begin to
text: run down his cheeks. He does not move, there is no change in
text: his empty stare, but the tears continue to flow.
scene_heading: SMALL COURTYARD OF THE PALACE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The funeral pyre burns, its work almost done.
text: Mirabehn, Patel, Azad, Pyarelal, stand with other prisoners
text: and the military wardens in solemn obeisance to the dead --
text: and the living, for Gandhi sits a little distance from the
text: pyre, wrapped in his shawl, staring at the dying embers in
text: tragic and impenetrable isolation as though he may never
dialog: move again.
text: Close shot -- Mirabehn watching him her face wet with tears.
scene_heading: DELHI AIRPORT - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Extreme close shot. A piece of cloth, shimmering in a stiff
text: breeze... For a moment we hold it in silence and then we
text: hear the sound of an aircraft growing louder and louder. And
text: slowly the camera pulls back and we see that the cloth is
text: part of a pennant of the nose of an aircraft.
text: We cut from the pennant to see the aircraft stopping before
text: a reception area, a carpet rolled out toward its door.
text: An Indian regimental band strikes up martial music. A
text: detachment of Indian Royal Air Force comes to attention at
text: the shouted command of their NCO.
text: Featuring the aircraft doors. An elaborately dressed military
text: aide opens the door and Lord Louis Mountbatten, resplendent
text: in naval uniform, steps out onto the platform. He pauses and
text: renders a salute.
scene_heading: ON A BANNERED PLATFORM
text: Nehru, Lady Mountbatten and dignitaries. English and Indians
text: watch as Mountbatten approaches a group of microphones
dialog: identified as NBC, CBS, BBC, etc.
speaker_heading: MOUNTBATTEN
dialog: We have come to crown victory with
dialog: friendship -- to assist at the birth
dialog: of an independent India and to welcome
dialog: her as an equal member in the British
dialog: Commonwealth of Nations.
dialog: (A little smile.)
dialog: I am here to see that I am the last
dialog: British Viceroy ever to have the
dialog: honor of such a reception.
text: He grins in his youthful, beguiling manner and makes the
text: pranam to the cheering crowd.
text: It is cut off by the sound of a door being opened, close.
scene_heading: THE GREAT PORTICO - VICE-REGAL PALACE - EXTERIOR - DAY
dialog: Jinnah stands by one of the great pillars of the immense
text: portico. It is a break in their Independence Conference, and
text: as he lights a cigarette, a weary Gandhi approaches him with
text: Azad. Jinnah's anger is clearly too deep to be left at the
text: conference table. He slaps his lighter shut and addresses
text: Gandhi in hushed but fiercely felt words.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: I don't give a damn for the
dialog: independence of India! I am concerned
dialog: about the slavery of Muslims!
text: Nehru and Patel are approaching from the conference room,
text: both of them looking worn and angry too. Jinnah raises his
text: voice deliberately so Nehru will hear.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: I will not sit by to see the mastery
dialog: of the British replaced by the mastery
dialog: of the Hindus!
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (patiently, not yet
dialog: believing it can't
dialog: be settled)
dialog: Muslim and Hindu are the right and
dialog: left eye of India. No one will be
dialog: slave, no one master.
text: Jinnah sneers at the idea, though he cools a little.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: The world is not made of Mahatma
dialog: Gandhis.
dialog: (He looks at Nehru
dialog: and Patel.)
dialog: I am talking about the real world.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: The "real India" has Muslims and
dialog: Hindus in every village and every
dialog: city! How do you propose to separate
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: Where there is a Muslim majority --
dialog: that will be Pakistan. The rest is
dialog: your India.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (a forced patience)
dialog: Mohammed -- the Muslims are in a
dialog: majority on two different sides of
dialog: the country.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: (acidly)
dialog: Let us worry about Pakistan -- you
dialog: worry about India.
text: Gandhi is staring at Jinnah trying to fathom the source of
text: his anger and fear. He turns to see that Mountbatten has
text: been standing in the open door to the conference room, as
text: torn as Gandhi by the conflict, feeling it best controlled
dialog: in formal discussion.
speaker_heading: MOUNTBATTEN
dialog: Gentlemen, perhaps we should
dialog: recommence.
text: Gandhi nods, and reluctantly the adversaries move back to
text: the conference room. Gandhi is last through the door. He
text: pauses by Mountbatten, a little sigh -- "How difficult, how
text: difficult" -- then he puts a friendly hand on Mountbatten's
text: shoulder and the two of them enter together.
scene_heading: GANDHI'S ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Featuring Godse waving a black flag and shouting.
speaker_heading: GODSE
dialog: (with others)
dialog: Death to Jinnah! Death to Jinnah!
text: We have pulled back and we see a whole gathering of Hindu
text: youths near the entrance to the ashram. Many wave black flags.
text: A couple of trucks that have brought them, and a car, are
text: along the path. Kallenbach is stepping out of an old 1942
text: open Austin that he has put in a waiting position near the
text: entrance to the path. The chanting shout "Death to Jinnah!"
text: suddenly dies. The youths -- and Kallenbach -- look back
text: toward the ashram.
text: Featuring Gandhi's bungalow. Nehru has stepped out onto the
text: porch and he glares at the youths. It is his presence that
dialog: has silenced them.
text: Kallenbach smiles.
scene_heading: GANDHI'S BUNGALOW - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Gandhi is rising from the floor, where his spinning wheel
text: sits. He stops, halfway up, listening, then, a weary sigh.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Thank God, they've stopped.
text: Mirabehn is spinning across the room. She lifts her head as
text: a signal to someone out of shot.
text: Gandhi's two grand nieces, Manu and Abha, who help Mirabehn
text: now that Ba is gone, rise quickly at Mirabehn's signal, Manu
text: to help with his shawl, Abha to hold his sandals so that he
dialog: can slip into them.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I'm your grand uncle but I can still
dialog: walk either of you into the ground
dialog: and I don't need to be pampered this
dialog: way!
dialog: It's cross -- he's worried about other things. Mirabehn just
text: smiles at it. Gandhi looks down at Abha, and taps her sharply
text: on the top of the head.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Finish your quota of spinning.
text: She nods obediently, the flicker of a smile around her mouth,
text: youthful, irrepressible. The beauty of it almost saddens
text: Gandhi. He taps her again -- gently -- and goes out.
scene_heading: GANDHI'S ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Kallenbach shoos a chicken from the back seat of the Austin
text: and dusts off the seat. He steps back out.
text: Gandhi is approaching with Nehru and Azad, Pyarelal trails
text: close behind. We have seen Azad and Pyarelal come out on the
text: porch behind Nehru. As Gandhi near the car a Hindu youth
text: with a black flag calls to him.
speaker_heading: HINDU YOUTH
dialog: Bapu -- please. Don't do it!
text: They are all awed, timid even in his actual presence, and
text: the mood of their gathering has changed altogether. Gandhi
text: looks at the youth and the line of others.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: What do you want me not to do? Not
dialog: to meet with Mr. Jinnah?
dialog: (Fiercely)
dialog: I am a Muslim!
text: (He stares at them,
dialog: then relents.)
dialog: And a Hindu, and a Christian and a
dialog: Jew -- and so are all of you. When
dialog: you wave those flags and shout you
dialog: send fear into the hearts of your
dialog: brothers.
text: He sweeps them sternly with his eyes, all his fatigue and
dialog: strain showing.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: This is not the India I want. Stop
dialog: it. For God's sake, stop it.
text: And he lowers his head and moves on to the car, where
text: Kallenbach holds the door for him, Nehru, Azad and Pyarelal
dialog: following.
text: Another angle. As they get into the car, we see the car that
text: sits by the two trucks that have brought the youths. In the
text: back seat we see two men, one of whom is Prakash (The bearded
text: man at Gandhi's assassination).
scene_heading: JINNAH'S DRAWING ROOM - INTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Jinnah is on the small balcony of this elaborate room. He is
text: looking down in a slightly supercilious manner. As usual he
text: is impeccably dressed.
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: Now, please, if you've finished your
dialog: prayers, could we begin with business.
text: He has been looking at Gandhi, who sits on the floor of the
text: large room some distance from him, just lifting his head
dialog: from prayers.
text: Nehru, Patel and Azad are on the same side of the room as
text: Gandhi. They rise from prayer as Jinnah comes down the steps
text: to them. Gandhi hesitates, then begins.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: My dear Jinnah, you and I are brothers
dialog: born of the same Mother India. If
dialog: you have fears, I want to put them
dialog: to rest.
dialog: (Jinnah listens
dialog: impatiently,
text: skeptically. Gandhi
text: just glances in
dialog: Nehru's direction.)
dialog: I am asking Panditji to stand down.
dialog: I want you to be the first Prime
dialog: Minister of India
dialog: (Jinnah raises an
dialog: eyebrow of interest.)
dialog: -- to name your entire cabinet, to
dialog: make the head of every government
dialog: department a Muslim.
dialog: And Jinnah has drawn himself up. His vanity is too great not
text: to be touched by that prospect. He measures Gandhi for a
text: moment to see that he is sincere, and when he is satisfied
text: with that, he turns slowly to Nehru, Patel and Azad.
text: Nehru glances at Patel. They have all been taken by surprise
dialog: by the offer -- and do not feel what Gandhi feels. Nehru
text: looks hesitantly at Gandhi.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Bapu, for me, and the rest,
text: (his hand gestures to
dialog: Patel and Azad)
dialog: if that is what you want, we will
dialog: accept it. But out there
dialog: (he indicates the
dialog: streets)
text: already there is rioting because
dialog: Hindus fear you are going to give
dialog: too much away.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: If you did this, no one could control
dialog: it. No one.
text: It bears the stamp of undeniable truth. Gandhi's eyes sag
text: with the despair of a man whose last hope, whose faith, has
text: crumbled around him.
text: Jinnah smiles cynically, he spreads his hands "See?"
speaker_heading: JINNAH
dialog: It is your choice. Do you want an
dialog: independent India and an independent
dialog: Pakistan? Or do you want civil war?
text: Gandhi stares at him numbly.
scene_heading: THE RED FORT - NEW DELHI - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: On a platform in the foreground Mountbatten and Nehru. A
text: band plays the Indian National Anthem loudly and there is
text: the roar of a tremendous crowd as the green, white and saffron
text: flag of India is raised on the flagpole.
scene_heading: GOVERNMENT BUILDING - KARACHI - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: On a platform in the foreground Jinnah and a British
text: plenipotentiary. A band plays the new Pakistani National
text: Anthem loudly and there is the roar of a tremendous crowd as
text: the white, green with white crescent, flag of Pakistan is
text: raised on the flagpole.
scene_heading: THE ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Silence. The little flagpole is empty, the rope dangling,
text: flapping loosely down the pole.
text: Gandhi sits on the porch of his bungalow, spinning. The hum
text: of the spinning wheel. Inside we can just see Mirabehn,
text: spinning too. But apart from that, he is alone; the whole
text: ashram seems deserted. We hear the sound of a bell on one of
text: the goats, fairly distant.
scene_heading: THE PATH TO THE ASHRAM - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Featuring Kallenbach. He is taking the goat and tethering it
text: near the path of the ashram. He stills the bell with his
text: hand. As he ties it the camera angle widens and we see
text: Margaret Bourke-White sitting on the grass, watching
text: Kallenbach and looking off toward Gandhi's bungalow.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: Aren't you being a little
dialog: overprotective?
text: Kallenbach looks at her. Her tone criticizes more than his
text: stilling the goat's bell.
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: Tomorrow. Tomorrow photograph him.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: I came all this way because I believed
dialog: the picture of Independence Day was
dialog: of him here alone.
text: Kallenbach stands and looks across at her, judging, then
text: appealing to her humanity.
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: It is violence, and the fear of
dialog: violence, that have made today what
dialog: it is... Give him the dignity of his
dialog: grief.
text: Bourke-White grabs a clump of grass, twists it free, and
text: sighs. She tosses the grass vaguely at the goat.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: And while we're sitting here feeding
dialog: goats, what will happen to all the
dialog: Muslims in India and the Hindus in
dialog: Pakistan?
text: Kallenbach stops, staring absently at the ground ahead, then
speaker_heading: KALLENBACH
dialog: Gandhi will pray for them...
scene_heading: OPEN TERRAIN AND RAILROAD - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The camera is high (helicopter) and moving and from its
text: position we meet and then pass over an immense column of
text: refugees -- ten, twenty abreast -- moving down one side of
text: the railroad track toward camera. Women, children, the sick,
text: the aged, all burdened with bedding, utensils, household
text: treasures, useless bric-a-brac and trudging with them every
text: type of cart, wagon, rickshaw, pulled by donkey, camel, bike,
text: oxen. It stretches endlessly to the horizon. Tiny green,
text: white and saffron flags here and there indicate that it is a
text: Hindu column and spotted through it we see people in fresh
text: bandages, some on stretchers, sticking out like radioactive
text: tracers in the huge artery of frightened humanity.
text: And the camera lifts and tilts, slowly swinging to the
text: opposite direction, and as it does, reveals another vast
text: column across the track, several yards away, moving in the
text: opposite direction: veiled women in purdah, the crescent
text: flag of Muslim Pakistan here and there. As the camera levels
text: and speeds along it, we see that this column too reaches to
text: the horizon, that it too carries its wounded.
text: An unbelievable flood of desperate humanity.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT
text: The sound of the vast refugee column. A woman's arms cradle
text: a baby in swaddling. Blood has seeped through the swaddling
text: in three or four places, some of it dried. Flies buzz around
text: it. And suddenly we hear the woman's sobs and she rocks the
dialog: baby and we know it has stopped moving, stopped breathing,
text: and a male hand gently touches the back of the baby, checking,
text: and the camera pans up to the face of a man.
dialog: Again in extreme close shot so we cannot tell whether they
text: are Hindu or Muslim. And the man's eyes knot, and he swings
text: out of shot as he runs in fury and rage at the other column.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - HIGH
text: The two columns -- and a howl of hate and grief! And the
text: camera sweeps to where men are running at each other across
text: the track, some already fighting. Knives, pangas, hatchets;
text: women screaming and running; a besieged wagon tipped.
text: Another angle. And as the fighting grows more fierce streams
text: of men from each column run back to partake, but the bulk of
text: the two columns hurries off, scrambling, running, some leaving
text: their bundles, fleeing the meleé in terror.
scene_heading: HINDU/MUSLIM RIOT SEQUENCE - SEVERAL LOCATIONS - DAY/NIGHT
text: A Muslim pulled through broken glass in an urban market shop./
text: Night: a Hindu temple daubed with blood, the bodies of women
text: and children strewn before it; screams, the sound of
text: fighting./ Mud and straw houses burning, figures running
text: through them./ A city street: a truck crashes into a barricade
text: of rickshaws and bales, and is set upon by a swarm of knife-
text: and panga-bearing men. From the back of the truck opponents
text: with swords and clubs leap into battle.
scene_heading: NEHRU'S OFFICE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Chaos. It and the adjoining office have been made into
text: something like operations rooms. Military and civilian aides
text: move back and forth. Telephones at work everywhere. A huge
text: map on the wall is constantly having data changed by people
dialog: receiving messages there.
text: Nehru is glancing at a telex message; he turns and gives it
text: back to the military aide who's given it to him.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (fast, curt)
dialog: No. There just are not that many
dialog: troops.
speaker_heading: MILITARY AIDE
dialog: What's he to do?
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: What he can!
text: He turns. Patel has a message he was going to present to
text: him. He hesitates, grins dismally, and crumples the message --
text: "No use." Nehru sags. He looks at Patel with haggard eyes.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: He was right. It's insane -- anything
dialog: would have been better.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Have you found him?
text: Nehru nods solemnly.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: He's in Noakhali.
text: Patel reacts to that -- surprise, apprehension.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: He's tramping from village to village --
dialog: no police, no troops -- trying to
text: quell the madness single-handedly.
dialog: (He sighs, half in
dialog: admiration, half in
dialog: hopeless exasperation
text: at the old man's
dialog: audacity.)
text: Maulana has gone to bring him back.
text: Patel nods grimly -- the noisy chaos of the room. Someone
dialog: shouts at Nehru, "Prime Minister!"
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GANDHI
text: In silence -- looking tragic, tired and defeated. He is
text: sitting in his characteristic manner, staring down at the
text: carpet before him.
speaker_heading: NEHRU'S VOICE
dialog: (dull, lifeless)
dialog: What you have done in Noakhali is a
dialog: miracle, Bapu, a miracle, but millions
dialog: are on the move -- millions. There
dialog: is no way to stop it... and no one
dialog: can count the dead.
dialog: The camera angle has changed. We are in
scene_heading: NEHRU'S PRIVATE CHAMBERS - INTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Patel and Azad are there and Pyarelal of course, and with
text: them now the giant figure of Abdul Ghaffar Khan, the first
dialog: time we have seen him among Gandhi's intimate group.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: In Calcutta it's like civil war. The
dialog: Muslims rose and there was a
dialog: bloodbath, and now the Hindus are
dialog: taking revenge -- and if we can't
dialog: stop it there'll be no hope for the
dialog: Hindus left in Pakistan.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: ...an eye for an eye making the whole
dialog: world blind.
text: It is an empty and despairing echo of Gandhi's words.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: Aren't there any troops to spare?
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (tense, fragile)
dialog: Nothing -- nothing. The divisions in
dialog: Bombay and Delhi can hardly keep the
dialog: peace now. And each fresh bit of
text: news creates another wave of mad...
dialog: ness.
text: He has turned and seen Gandhi standing slowly. It has almost
dialog: stopped him.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Could we cut all news off? I know --
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Bapu -- please. Where are you going.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (sounding like an old
dialog: man)
dialog: I don't want to hear more...
text: He is moving toward the door. It stops them all. Pyarelal
text: moves tentatively to open the door.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: We need your help!
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: There is nothing I can give.
speaker_heading: AZAD
dialog: Where are you going?
text: Gandhi turns, looks at him bleakly.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Calcutta.
scene_heading: CALCUTTA - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: We are high. There are fires, the sounds of spasmodic gunfire,
text: of looting, screams, the roar of police vehicles and
text: occasional sirens. The camera zooms in on a poor quarter of
text: artisan dwellings in narrow streets. Outside one of the houses
text: is a car, an army jeep, policemen, a few soldiers and a group
text: of people. It seems a little island of calm in a sea of wild
dialog: chaos.
text: On the roof of the house, a figure moves into the light.
scene_heading: CLOSER - TAHIB'S ROOF
text: The figure is Gandhi. He peers down at the dark, rioting
dialog: streets. Azad, Tahib, a Muslim whose house this is, Mirabehn
text: and Pyarelal are with him along Abdul Ghaffar Khan.
text: A police commissioner moves to Gandhi's side, demanding his
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: POLICE COMMISSIONER
dialog: Sir, please, I don't have the men to
dialog: protect you -- not in a Muslim house.
dialog: Not this quarter.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I am staying with the friend of a
dialog: friend.
text: There is a sudden commotion just below them and angry shouts:
dialog: "Death to Muslims!," "Death to Muslims!"
text: Gandhi peers down.
text: His point of view. A surging gang of youths, many carrying
text: torches, and far outnumbering the little group of police and
text: soldiers, are shouting up at the roof. We see three or four
text: black flags and stains of blood on many of them. A few hold
text: knives still wet with blood.
speaker_heading: A YOUTH
dialog: There he is!
text: A feral roar goes up at the sight of Gandhi, but he stands
text: unmoving.
scene_heading: HINDU YOUTH LEADER
dialog: (his voice emotional,
dialog: tearful)
dialog: Why are you staying at the home of a
dialog: Muslim! They're murderers! They killed
dialog: my family!
text: Featuring Gandhi. It is a comment too grave for glibness,
text: and Gandhi is obviously struck by the pain of it. He pauses
text: for a moment, staring down at the youth:
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Because forgiveness is the gift of
dialog: the brave.
text: He makes it mean the youth. For a second it makes an impact,
text: but then the youth shouts his defiance at him and his message.
speaker_heading: YOUTH
dialog: To hell with you, Gandhi!!
text: An angry chorus of acclamation; when it dies
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (to the youth)
dialog: Go -- do as your mother and father
dialog: would wish you to do.
dialog: It is ambiguous, open-ended, meaning anything your mother
dialog: and father would wish you to do. Tears flush from the boy's
text: eyes and he stares at Gandhi with a kind of hopeless anguish
text: and rage. But the impact is on the youth alone; around him
text: the others begin to take up the chant "Death to Muslims!,"
dialog: "Death to Muslims!"
text: Gandhi turns from the street. He looks at the police
text: commissioner -- at his fatigue, his concern, his manifest
text: respect. Gandhi musters a weary smile.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I have lived a lifetime. If I had
dialog: shunned death -- or feared it -- I
dialog: would not be here. Nor would you be
dialog: concerned for me.
dialog: (He lets it sink in
dialog: then he takes the
dialog: commissioner's arm
text: and moves back toward
dialog: the center of the
dialog: roof.)
dialog: Leave me -- and take your men.
dialog: (An understanding
dialog: touch of the arm.)
dialog: You have more important things to
dialog: worry about.
text: The commissioner looks at him, uncertain, not knowing what
text: to do, as the angry chanting continues above the sound of
dialog: rioting.
scene_heading: HOSPITAL - INTERIOR - DAY
text: An old, inadequate hospital -- dark cavernous. Margaret Bourke-
text: White is moving among the densely packed litter of wounded
text: women. She is positioning herself to photograph Gandhi, who
text: is speaking to a woman who cradles a small baby. The corridors
text: behind him are even more packed. The few doctors and nurses
dialog: hardly have room to move.
text: Featuring Gandhi. Azad and Mirabehn are behind him as he
text: moves on, and behind them, like a giant guardian, Abdul
text: Ghaffar Khan. We hear "Bapu, Bapu" muttered quietly here and
text: there. Gandhi bends to a woman whose face is bandaged and a
text: cruel wound is half-exposed between her mouth and eye.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Bapu... Allah be with you...
text: There are tears in Gandhi's eyes now.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: And with you.
dialog: (He touches her
dialog: wrinkled hand.)
dialog: Pray... I cannot help you -- pray...
dialog: pray.
text: And the weight of his helplessness hangs on him.
scene_heading: CALCUTTA STREET - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A streetcar (tram) crashes into a barricade of carts,
text: rickshaws, a couple of old cars, smashing through to breach
text: the barricade, but stopped in the end by the mass of debris.
text: The streetcar is loaded with Indian troops and they break
text: from the stalled vehicle to chase A gang of Hindus --
text: organized -- runs down the street from the troops, some
text: dragging the bodies of victims with them. We see several
dialog: Hindu black flags.
scene_heading: NEHRU'S OFFICE - INTERIOR - NIGHT
text: He speaks across his desk to a senior police commissioner.
text: The same activity going on in the background.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: No! There will not be a Hindu Police
dialog: and a Muslim Police. There is one
dialog: police!
text: An aide slips a newspaper on his desk in front of him. He
text: doesn't look at it till the senior commissioner lowers his
text: head and turns, accepting defeat. Then Nehru glances at the
dialog: paper.
text: In thick headlines: GANDHI: A FAST UNTO DEATH!
text: Nehru doesn't move for a moment. Then he lifts his face slowly
text: to his aide.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Why must I read news like this in
dialog: the paper?
text: The aide shakes his head -- there's no answer. Nehru lowers
text: his head again; it is like another burden on a man who already
text: has too many. He grips his temples... a terrible sigh.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Tell Patel. Arrange a plane. We will
dialog: go -- Friday.
speaker_heading: THE AIDE
dialog: Four days?
text: Nehru thinks on it solemnly, then nods yes.
scene_heading: TAHIB'S HOUSE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: The sounds of rioting and looting on nearby streets, but
text: here a mass of people are gathered. Many youths with black
text: flags. Two black government limousines. Motorcycles. Police
text: and soldiers. They are looking off to
scene_heading: AN OUTSIDE STAIRCASE - TAHIB'S HOUSE
text: It runs up the side of the building and is lined with waiting
text: people. Nehru and Patel are climbing the stairs, moving past
text: them almost irritably as they mutter "Nehru, Nehru," "Patel,"
dialog: and make the pranam to the eminent men.
text: In the heat of the city Tahib's rooftop is still Gandhi's
text: "home" and has become a center of activity. Azad clears
text: someone aside and ushers Nehru and Patel under the canopy
text: awning.
text: Nehru pauses as he lowers his head.
text: His point of view. Gandhi lies curled awkwardly on his side
text: of the cot. He is writing, Pyarelal taking the pages as he
text: finishes, both ignoring all the people, the sounds of gunfire
text: and distant shouting, but he looks tired and tightens his
text: jaw occasionally in pain. The camera pans. A doctor sits
text: near the foot of the cot, Abdul Ghaffar Khan beyond him.
text: Near the other edge of the canopied area, Mirabehn sits with
text: Bourke-White. They are whispering quietly, but Mirabehn has
text: stopped on seeing Nehru and she smiles a relieved greeting.
text: She knows Gandhi's feeling for him. Bourke-White stares at
text: him and Patel for a second and then her hand goes slowly,
text: almost reflexively, for her camera.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ON GANDHI
text: Nehru crosses and kneels so that he is almost at Gandhi's
text: eyeline. Gandhi must take his eyes from his writing to look,
text: and he is almost moved to tears at the sight of Nehru. His
text: hand shakes a little as he holds it out to him.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Bapu...
text: Gandhi turns to pat their joined hands with his other hand.
text: He does so with effort, and at last he sees Patel.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Sardar...
text: (He looks him over.)
dialog: You have gained weight. You must
dialog: join me in the fast.
text: Patel sits near the head of the cot so the three of them are
text: on a level. Outside the canopied area, Bourke-White is
text: crouched, her camera framing the three of them.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: (wittily, warmly)
dialog: If I fast I die. If you fast people
dialog: go to all sorts of trouble to keep
dialog: you alive.
text: Gandhi smiles and reaches to touch hands with him.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Bapu, forgive me -- I've cheated. I
dialog: could have come earlier. But your
dialog: fast has helped. These last days
text: people's minds have begun to turn to
dialog: this bed -- and away from last night's
dialog: atrocity. But now it is enough.
text: Gandhi shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: All that has happened is that I've
text: grown a little thinner.
text: It is despairingly sincere. But Nehru feels he has an antidote
text: for that despair. The distant sound of an explosion.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Tomorrow five thousand Muslim students
dialog: of all ages are marching here in
dialog: Calcutta -- for peace.
dialog: (The real point)
dialog: And five thousand Hindu students are
dialog: marching with them. It is all
dialog: organized.
text: Bourke-White captures the sense of elation in his face. From
text: her discreet distance, she lowers the camera, holding it
text: against her mouth, waiting for Gandhi's response.
text: Gandhi nods to Nehru, accepting the news with a sad
dialog: wistfulness.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I'm glad -- but it will not be enough.
text: Nehru isn't prepared for this resistance. He glances at Patel,
dialog: and we see that they recognize that their bland conviction
dialog: that they could talk him out of the fast was deeply misplaced.
text: Nehru turns back -- this time no confidence, only concern. A
text: forced smile.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Bapu, you are not so young anymore.
text: Gandhi smiles, pain etched in his eyes. He touches Nehru's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Don't worry for me -- death will be
text: a deliverance.
dialog: (There is water in
dialog: his eyes, but his
dialog: words have the weight
dialog: of a man truly
dialog: determined to die.)
dialog: I cannot watch the destruction of
dialog: all I have lived for.
text: Nehru stares at him, feeling the sudden fear that Gandhi
text: means it. Patel, Mirabehn, Azad, Bourke-White are gripped by
dialog: the same realization.
scene_heading: TAHIB'S HOUSE - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: An outside broadcast truck is parked among the usual crowd,
text: grown even larger now, and more women among them. The sounds
text: of distant fighting.
scene_heading: TAHIB'S ROOF - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: The senior technician, in earphones, signals across to
text: Mirabehn. She holds a microphone by Gandhi, who is lying on
text: his side. He seems almost out of touch.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: Bapu...
text: Gandhi looks at her, and then the microphone. When he speaks
text: into the microphone his voice is very weak.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Each night before I sleep, I read a
dialog: few words from the Gita and the Koran,
dialog: and the Bible...
dialog: (we intercut with
dialog: Bourke-White and
dialog: those on the roof
dialog: watching)
dialog: tonight I ask you to share these
dialog: thoughts of God with me.
text: And now we go into the streets, intercutting with Gandhi but
text: seeing Hindus listening around loudspeakers on corners, in
text: little eating houses, Muslim shops where people live in the
text: back, and neighbors gathering defensively in groups.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (the books are there,
dialog: but he does it from
dialog: memory of course)
dialog: I will begin with the Bible where
dialog: the words of the Lord are, "Love thy
dialog: neighbor as thyself"... and then our
dialog: beloved Gita which says, "The world
dialog: is a garment worn by God, thy neighbor
dialog: is in truth thyself"... and finally
dialog: the Holy Koran, "We shall remove all
dialog: hatred from our hearts and recline
text: on couches face to face, a band of
dialog: brothers."
text: He leans back, exhausted. Mirabehn is looking at him; she
text: starts to sing softly.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: "Lead Kindly Light, amidst the
dialog: circling gloom..."
text: Gandhi, his eyes closed, takes it up in his weak, croaking
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: GANDHI/MIRABEHN
dialog: "The night is dark, and I am far
dialog: from home, Lead thou me on..."
scene_heading: TAHIB'S HOUSE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Two police motorcycles lead a black limousine to a stop before
text: Tahib's house. The crowd now gathered is very large. More
text: mixed than before but still predominantly of youths, many
text: still with black flags.
text: Nehru gets out of the limousine with a Muslim leader, a tough-
text: looking man who carries himself with the authority and power
text: of a mobster (Suhrawardy). And they start to go up the outside
dialog: stairs.
text: Suddenly we hear the shout "Death to Gandhi!," "Death to
text: Gandhi!" And Nehru turns, pushing past Suhrawardy fiercely
text: and going back onto the street. He runs at the crowd, where
text: the shout comes once more from the back. His face is wild
text: with anger and shock.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (hysterically)
dialog: Who dares say such things! Who?!
dialog: (And he is running at
dialog: them and they spread
dialog: in fear.)
dialog: Come! Kill me first! Come! Where are
dialog: you?! Kill me first!
text: The crowd has spread from him all along the street; they
text: stand against the walls of the houses staring at him,
text: terrified to move. We see, just in passing, the frightened,
text: apprehensive faces of Godse, and near him, Apte and Karkare.
text: Nehru stands, staring at them all, his face seething with
dialog: anger.
scene_heading: TAHIB'S ROOF - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: We are featuring a copy of Life Magazine. On the cover is a
text: picture of rioting men fighting and diagonally a cut-out of
text: Gandhi lying on his cot. The caption reads: "An Old Man's
text: Battle." As the magazine starts to be opened, it is suddenly
text: put to one side.
text: Another angle. Mirabehn is rising, leaving the magazine at
text: her feet. She moves to Nehru and Suhrawardy as Azad ushers
text: them into the canopied area. Abdul Ghaffar Khan sits quietly
text: in the background. Mirabehn speaks softly.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
text: His pulse is very irregular -- the
text: kidneys aren't functioning.
text: Nehru looks across at Gandhi. The doctor, who is testing
text: Gandhi's pulse yet again, glances at him -- no encouragement --
text: and moves away. Nehru moves to the side of the cot and Gandhi
text: smiles weakly and holds out a hand, but he is in pain.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: Bapu, I have brought Mr. Suhrawardy.
dialog: It was he who called on the Muslims
text: to rise; he is telling them now to
dialog: go back to their homes, to lay down
dialog: their arms.
text: Gandhi looks up at Suhrawardy, who nods. Gandhi looks back
text: at Nehru. There is no hint of him changing his mind.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (personally)
dialog: Think what you can do by living --
dialog: that you cannot do by dying.
text: Gandhi smiles whimsically, he touches him again but there is
dialog: no change in his attitude.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: (pleadingly)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a moment)
dialog: That the fighting will stop -- that
dialog: you make me believe it will never
dialog: start again.
text: Nehru looks at him hopelessly.
scene_heading: SQUARE IN CALCUTTA - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A huge crowd, some smoke in distant buildings, some damage
dialog: near to help us know this is still Calcutta, and all is not
text: yet at peace. The camera sweeps over the crowd, past the
text: loudspeakers on their poles. We see surly knots of belligerent
text: rowdies, mostly young, but not all, hanging on the fringes
text: as we move over the heads of the mass of listening people to
text: a platform where Nehru speaks. Azad, Suhrawardy, and others
text: sit on the floor behind him. We have heard his voice over
dialog: all this.
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: ...Sometimes it is when you are quite
text: without hope and in utter darkness
dialog: that God comes to the rescue. Gandhiji
dialog: is dying because of our madness. Put
dialog: away your "revenge." What will be
dialog: gained by more killing? Have the
dialog: courage to do what you know is right.
dialog: For God's sake, let us embrace like
dialog: brothers...
scene_heading: TAHIB'S ROOF - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Featuring the Muslim leader Suhrawardy, leaning against a
text: wall, watching an action out of shot with evident tension.
text: We hear a little clank of metal.
text: Another angle. There are five men facing Gandhi. They wear
text: black trousers and black knit vests. There are thongs around
text: their arms that make their bulging muscles seem even more
text: powerful. They are Hindu thugs (Goondas). Their clothes are
text: dirty -- and they are too -- but they are laying knives and
text: guns at Gandhi's feet.
text: Mirabehn, Azad, Pyarelal, the doctor and others on the roof
text: watch fascinated, a little frightened.
speaker_heading: GOONDA LEADER
dialog: It is our promise. We stop. It is a
dialog: promise.
text: Gandhi is looking at him, testing, not giving or accepting
dialog: anything that is mere gesture.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Go -- try -- God by with you.
text: The Goondas stand. They glance at Suhrawardy; he smiles tautly
text: and they start to leave, but one (Nahari) lingers. Suddenly
text: he moves violently toward Gandhi, taking a flat piece of
text: Indian bread (chapati) from his trousers and tossing it
dialog: forcefully on Gandhi.
speaker_heading: NAHARI
dialog: Eat.
text: Mirabehn and Azad start to move toward him -- the man looks
text: immensely strong and immensely unstable. But Gandhi holds up
text: a shaking hand, stopping them. Nahari's face is knotted in
text: emotion, half anger, half almost a child's fear -- but there
text: is a wild menace in that instability.
speaker_heading: NAHARI
dialog: Eat! I am going to hell -- but not
dialog: with your death on my soul.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Only God decides who goes to hell...
speaker_heading: NAHARI
dialog: (stiffening, aggressive)
dialog: I -- I killed a child...
dialog: (Then an anguished
dialog: defiance)
text: I smashed his head against a wall.
text: Gandhi stares at him, breathless.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (in a fearful whisper)
dialog: Why? Why?
text: It is as though the man has told him of some terrible self-
dialog: inflicted wound.
speaker_heading: NAHARI
dialog: (tears now -- and
dialog: wrath)
dialog: They killed my son -- my boy!
text: Almost reflexively he holds his hand out to indicate the
text: height of his son. He glares at Suhrawardy and then back at
dialog: Gandhi.
speaker_heading: NAHARI
dialog: The Muslims killed my son... they
dialog: killed him.
text: He is sobbing, but in his anger it seems almost as though he
text: means to kill Gandhi in retaliation. A long moment, as Gandhi
text: meets his pain and wrath. Then
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: I know a way out of hell.
text: Nahari sneers, but there is just a flicker of desperate
dialog: curiosity.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
text: Find a child -- a child whose mother
dialog: and father have been killed. A little
dialog: boy -- about this high.
text: He raises his hand to the height Nahari has indicated as his
dialog: son's.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: ...and raise him -- as your own.
text: Nahari has listened. His face almost cracks -- it is a chink
text: of light, but it does not illumine his darkness.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Only be sure... that he is a Muslim.
dialog: And that you raise him as one.
text: And now the light falls on Nahari. His face stiffens, he
text: swallows, fighting any show of emotion; then he turns to go.
text: But he takes only a step and he turns back, going to his
text: knees, the sobs breaking again and again from his heaving
text: body as he holds his head to Gandhi's feet in the traditional
text: greeting of Hindu son to Hindu father. A second, and Gandhi
text: reaches out and touches the top of his head.
text: Mirabehn watches. The Goondas watch. Suhrawardy watches.
dialog: Finally
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (gently, exhaustedly)
dialog: Go -- go. God bless you...
scene_heading: COURTYARD - POLICE STATION - CALCUTTA - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Trucks with riot squads (shields and truncheons) in place,
text: but they are lounging, waiting. There is silence, and air of
text: somnolence. Some of the riot squad lounge in little groups
text: around the courtyard. A distant cough.
text: Featuring a senior riot squad officer dressed and ready for
text: action. He it is who coughed. He coughs again, clearing his
text: throat. A police sergeant stands by him, both are reading
text: the front page of a paper the senior riot squad officer holds.
text: We see two huge lines of headline: GANDHI NEAR DEATH/NEHRU
text: GOES ON FAST.
text: In one of the trucks one of the men offers another a
dialog: cigarette.
text: A telephone rings sharply, inside. The senior riot squad
text: officer and the sergeant run in as engines start; the men
text: run to their places, lower visors, headlights go on!
scene_heading: POLICE STATION OFFICE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: A constable mans the telephone. He listens as the senior
text: riot squad officer and the sergeant run to him tensely. The
text: sound of the great doors opening in the courtyard, more
text: engines revving up.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE
dialog: Yes, sir, yes, sir,
text: (He holds up his hand
dialog: to the senior officer)
dialog: "Wait."
text: He glances up at the senior riot squad officer.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE
dialog: (writing, from the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Accident, "Christie crossroads," a
dialog: lorry and a rickshaw. Yes, sir, I
dialog: have it.
text: He shrugs at the senior riot squad officer and hands the
text: information slip to another constable behind the desk.
text: The sergeant sighs, and moves to the outside door. We hear
text: him bellow, "Stand down." The constable hangs up and sighs
text: heavily. The senior riot squad officer shakes his head, and
text: turns and walks slowly to the door.
scene_heading: COURTYARD - POLICE STATION - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: The senior riot squad officer and the sergeant stand in the
text: doorway as the engines die. The men relax... the silence
text: returns. A dog barks distantly, disturbed by the noise... A
text: bird caws once or twice.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: I wouldn't have believed it, Mr.
dialog: Gupta.
speaker_heading: SENIOR OFFICER
dialog: Sergeant, it's a bloody miracle...
scene_heading: HIGH SHOT - CALCUTTA - EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: It lies in silence.
scene_heading: TAHIB'S ROOF - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Mirabehn is bent over Gandhi. He is curled almost in the
text: fetal position, his face looking wan and sunken. For the
text: first time there is silence, no explosions, no distant shouts,
dialog: no gunfire.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: Bapu, there's been no fighting --
dialog: anywhere. It has stopped -- the
text: madness has stopped.
text: We see the police commissioner, Suhrawardy, two doctors,
text: Abdul Ghaffar Khan, and some others. Nearer Gandhi, behind
dialog: Mirabehn, are Nehru, Patel, Azad and Pyarelal.
text: Gandhi turns to Mirabehn, his face shaking, peering into her
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: It is foolish if it is just to save
text: the life of an old man.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: No... no. In every temple and mosque
dialog: they have pledged to die before they
text: lift a hand against each other.
text: His weary eyes look at her; he looks up slowly to Azad. Azad
dialog: nods "It's true." Then Patel
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: Everywhere.
text: Gandhi looks at Nehru. Nehru just nods tautly. Gandhi looks
text: down, then lifts his head to Azad.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Maulana, my friend, could I have
dialog: some orange juice... Then you and I
dialog: will take a piece of bread together...
text: The relief brings water to their eyes and grins to their
text: faces. Nehru bends to Gandhi. Gandhi holds his hand out to
text: him, and Nehru clutches it. Then
speaker_heading: NEHRU
dialog: You see, Bapu, it is not difficult.
dialog: I have fasted only a few hours and I
dialog: accomplished what you could not do
dialog: in as many days.
text: It is a joke in their way with each other and Gandhi's eyes
text: light, his smile comes. But it is tired. He puts his other
text: hand over Nehru's and Nehru lowers his head to it, crying
dialog: silently.
scene_heading: BIRLA HOUSE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: As in the opening sequence -- but a few minutes earlier. The
text: crowd is beginning to gather for the evening prayers. We see
text: a tonga or two, a gardener opening the gate to the garden,
text: three policemen standing, talking idly among themselves.
scene_heading: BIRLA HOUSE - INTERIOR - DAY
text: Laughter. Gandhi is eating muli; he holds his head back to
text: capture the lemon juice. We hear the click of a camera
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: That is how you eat muli.
text: Manu hands him a cloth and he wipes his hands. Another click
text: of a camera. He is not fully recovered, but well on the way.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (to the photographer)
dialog: I'm not sure I want to be remembered
dialog: that way.
dialog: It is all light and for fun. We get a wide-angle shot now
text: and see that Bourke-White is shooting one of her favorite
text: subjects again. She is enjoying the banter, as is Mirabehn,
text: who is spinning quietly to one side of the room, and Patel,
text: who sits cross-legged like Gandhi on the floor. Pyarelal is
text: working on papers with him but grins at this.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: Don't worry, with luck you may not
dialog: be.
text: And she shoots him again, as he hands the cloth back to Manu.
text: Abha is sitting next to Manu, looking at a collection of
text: pictures of Gandhi, obviously Bourke-White's.
speaker_heading: PATEL
dialog: No, he'll be remembered for tempting
dialog: fate.
text: It is wry, but waspishly chiding. Abha suddenly holds a
text: picture up for Gandhi to see. It's one of him, ears wide,
text: eyes round.
speaker_heading: ABHA
dialog: Mickey Mouse.
text: Gandhi taps her on the head with his finger as she smiles.
dialog: But Bourke-White has looked from Patel to Gandhi, clearly
text: shaken by the implication in Patel's words.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: You really are going to Pakistan,
dialog: then?
dialog: (Gandhi shrugs, and
dialog: she chides too)
dialog: You are a stubborn man.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (a grin, in the mood
dialog: of their "flirtation")
dialog: I'm simply going to prove to Muslims
dialog: there, and Hindus here, that the
dialog: only devils in the world are those
dialog: running around in our own hearts --
dialog: and that's where all our battles
dialog: ought to be fought.
text: Abha has signaled to the cheap watch dangling from his dhoti.
text: He glances at it, and holds his arms out. The two girls help
dialog: him.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: And what kind of a warrior have you
dialog: been in that warfare?
text: She is photographing his getting-up and leaning on the two
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Not a very good one. That's why I
dialog: have so much tolerance for the other
dialog: scoundrels of the world.
text: He moves off, but has a sudden thought and turns to Patel.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Ask Panditji to -- to consider what
dialog: we've discussed.
text: Patel nods soberly and Gandhi starts for the door, Bourke-
text: White moving with him.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: (of the photographs)
dialog: Enough.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: (a plea)
dialog: One more.
text: He has passed her, he's in the doorway. We see the crowd at
text: the end of the garden, where the light of the day is beginning
text: to soften. He turns, teasing in his slightly flirtatious way
dialog: with women.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: You're a temptress.
text: She shoots him against the door -- the crowd milling
text: distantly, waiting -- then she lowers her camera.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: Just an admirer...
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Nothing's more dangerous, especially
dialog: for an old man.
text: He turns; the last words have betrayed the smile on his face;
text: they have a painful sense of truth about them. Bourke-White
text: watches as he moves into the garden toward the crowd in the
dialog: distance.
text: She turns to Mirabehn.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
text: There's a sadness in him.
text: It's an observation -- and a question. Mirabehn accedes
dialog: gravely.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
text: He thinks he's failed.
text: Bourke-White stares at her, then turns to look out at him.
scene_heading: BOURKE-WHITE
dialog: Why? My God, if anything's proved
dialog: him right, it's what's happened these
dialog: last months...
text: Mirabehn nods, but she keeps on spinning and tries to sound
text: cynically resigned but her innate emotionalism keeps breaking
text: through in her voice and on her face.
speaker_heading: MIRABEHN
dialog: I am blinded by my love of him, but
dialog: I think when we most needed it, he
dialog: offered the world a way out of
dialog: madness. But he doesn't see it...
dialog: and neither does the world.
text: It is laced with pain. Bourke-White turns and looks out at
text: Gandhi -- so tiny, so weak as he walks between his "props."
text: He has now reached the end of the garden and is moving among
text: the crowd assembled there.
scene_heading: THE GARDEN - BIRLA HOUSE - EXTERIOR - TWILIGHT
text: Gandhi is moving forward in the crowd, one hand resting on
text: Manu, the other on Abha. He makes the pranam to someone, the
text: crowd is bowing to him, some speaking, and we also see the
dialog: crowd from his point of view -- "Bapu," "God bless you,"
text: "Thank you -- thank you." He turns to a very old woman, who
text: makes a salaam to him. Gandhi touches her head.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Allah be with you.
text: Smiling, he turns back. A jostling, the sound of beads
dialog: falling.
speaker_heading: MANU
dialog: (to someone)
text: Brother, Bapu is already late for
dialog: prayers.
text: Gandhi turns to the person; he makes the pranam.
text: Full shot. Godse is making the pranam to him and he suddenly,
text: wildly draws his gun and fires. The camera closes on Gandhi
text: as he staggers and falls, the red stain of blood seeping
text: through his white shawl.
speaker_heading: GANDHI
dialog: Oh, God... oh, God...
text: Manu and Abha bend over him, silent in their first shock.
text: The sound of panic and alarm begins to grow around them,
text: they suddenly scream and begin to cry.
speaker_heading: MANU/ABHA
dialog: Bapu! Bapu!
scene_heading: FUNERAL PYRE - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: Blackness. Silence.
text: A moment -- we sense the blackness moving -- like dark smoke.
text: The camera is pulling back very slowly and we can tell the
text: blackness is smoke rising from a fire.
text: And now we see that it is a funeral pyre. And all around
text: that pyre a mass of silent humanity. Through the smoke,
text: sitting cross-legged near the rim of the flames, we see
dialog: Nehru... and Azad and Patel, Mirabehn and Kallenbach, the
text: drawn faces of Lord and Lady Mountbatten, Manu and Abha...
scene_heading: THE RIVER - EXTERIOR - DAY
text: A helicopter shot coming slowly up the wide river, low, toward
text: a barge and a mass of people in the distance.
text: And now we are over the barge, and it is covered with flowers.
text: Flowers flow downstream around it. An urn sits on it --
text: containing Gandhi's ashes -- and Nehru stands near it, Azad
text: and Patel a little behind him. And as the barge floats down
text: the river, Nehru bends and lifts the urn...
text: Featuring Nehru. He swallows, restraining his own emotion,
text: and slowly, ritualistically, sprinkles the ashes over the
dialog: water.
text: And as they spread, we hold on that stretch of the river,
text: the flowers swirling languidly around it as the dark, timeless
text: current moves them toward the sea.
speaker_heading: GANDHI'S VOICE
dialog: (weak, struggling, as
dialog: he spoke the words
dialog: to Mirabehn)
dialog: ...There have been tyrants and
dialog: murderers -- and for a time they can
text: seem invincible. But in the end they
dialog: always fall. Think of it -- always...
dialog: When you are in doubt that that is
dialog: God's way, the way the world is meant
dialog: to be... think of that.
text: And slowly the camera begins pulling back, leaving the
text: flowers, the brown, rolling current as though leaving the
text: story of Gandhi, going far out, away from the great river,
text: reaching higher and higher, through streaks of clouds as end
dialog: titles begin.
text: And through them, once more we hear, dimly, reminiscently,
text: through the rushing wind:
dialog: "At home children are writing 'essays' about him!"... the
text: croaky voice singing, "God save our gracious King"... Dyer:
dialog: "Sergeant Major --," the Sergeant Major: "Take aim!," Dyer:
text: "Fire!," the sound of massed rifle fire, screams... "You are
dialog: my best friend... my highest guru, and my sovereign lord."
dialog: "Who the hell is he?," "I don't know, sir." "My name is
text: Gandhi. Mohandas K. Gandhi."... the sound of rioting, women's
text: screams, terror... "Find a child -- a child whose mother and
dialog: father have been killed. A little boy... about this high."...
dialog: "He thinks he's failed."... "Long live Mahatma Gandhi!...
dialog: Long live Mahatma Gandhi!"
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
