dialog: Gangs of New York
dialog: Gangs of New York
text: by Jay Cocks, Steven Zaillian, Kenneth Lonergan.
dialog: 3rd Draft (1993).
dialog: More info about this movie on imdb.com
scene_heading: INT. ROOM OLD BREWERY DAY
text: Half in shadow, a man named VALLON, dressed in black, fastens a clean
text: white clerical collar around his thick neck. He raises a jagged razor to
text: his face, RAKES it across his right cheek, drawing BLOOD. He does not
dialog: flinch.
text: The sharp SCRAPING of the jagged blade against skin is the first SOUND we
dialog: hear.
text: VALLON cuts himself similarly on the left cheek, then hands the razor
text: ceremoniously to a BOY standing beside him. The boy, no more than twelve
text: years old, looks at VALLON worshipfully, keen eyes shining with fear and
text: excitement. He starts to wipe the razor blade on the bottom of his jacket.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: No. Never. The blood stays on the blade, son.
text: He hands the boy a dark red velvet pouch. Very carefully, the boy, known
text: as AMSTERDAM, wraps the razor up, hands it back to his father.
text: From the shadows, VALLON now raises a long pole with a beautiful golden
text: crucifix mounted on the end, then holds his free hand out to his son.
text: Amsterdam squeezes tight.
text: VALLON nods toward the door. Amsterdam pulls it open. Outside is a dim
text: hallway. We hear SOUNDS that might be animal or human.
text: MUSIC begins: a steady, driving cadence somewhere between a march and a
dialog: hymn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 2 INT. HALLWAY
text: VALLON strides in long measured steps. Amsterdam has trouble keeping up
dialog: with him.
text: They are walking down a long corridor that's like a tunnel. Patches of
text: LIGHT stain the darkness. Sometimes Amsterdam glimpses a FACE peering out
text: from the gloom. Once or twice he almost stumbles over a BODY stretched
text: across his path.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 3 INT. ROOM
text: Another room, even smaller. The only decoration is a bizarre rendering of
text: a Madonna and child painted on the wall.
text: A beefy man picks up a home-made PIKE, its iron tip sharpened to a lethal
text: point. He is smiling. The grin is huge, but cockeyed. It occupies only
text: half of his face. The grotesque, unending grin is the result of facial
text: paralysis, and has given him a nickname: HAPPY JACK MULRANEY.
text: Jack lifts the pike carefully, then takes a candle from the wall and bends
text: down over a wooden cage full of rabbits. He slowly moves the candle back
text: and forth across the cage top. Wax falls on the cage, splattering an
dialog: unlucky rabbit.
text: Jack thrusts the pike between the wooden bars, impaling the rabbit's body.
text: He pulls the pike from the cage and leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 4 INT. HALLWAY
text: Jack falls into step beside VALLON and Amsterdam. He holds the pike with
text: the dead rabbit high, next to VALLON's cross.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: Did you bring the boy for a charm, Priest?
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: No, Jack. For a baptism.
text: Now a WOMAN joins them. She's dressed in man's clothes, her pants held up
text: by suspenders. She wears a set of IRON CLAWS.
text: MUSIC builds, growing more insistent and more ominous.
text: Now a figure looms before them. Over his street clothes, this WARRIOR
text: wears a rig of home-made armor made from fracgments of steel, lengths of
text: chain and bits of leather. He carries a battle-axe as lightly as if it
dialog: were a twig.
speaker_heading: RABBIT WARRIOR
dialog: We'll send a few across the river today, Priest.
text: He joins the procession. Another woman, as tough as the first and half
text: again as large, and several more men, all armed with implements of
text: destruction, fall in beside him. Their faces are marked with blood, like
text: Vallan's, or covered with ritual markings made with paint and ink.
text: The group grows ever larger and more forbidding. occasionally PEOPLE dart
text: around them in the tunnel and scamper out of their way like animals
text: frightened in a burrow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 5 INT. ROOM
text: Vast and dank, like a cavern. We start CLOSE on...
text: ... the body of a dead rat being filled with some pieces of lead.
text: Then a little WIDER to reveal: an eager boy, SHANG DRAPER, about the same
text: age as Amsterdam. He drops the last few pieces of lead into the mouth of
text: the rat, then sews it closed. He hefts the animal by the tail, swinging it
text: as he stands up.
text: He is near a primitive forge where a half-drunk SLACKSMITH hammers crude
text: weapons into shape and distributes them to OTHER MEN and WOMEN. The floor
text: is covered with bits of lead and steel, which Shang has been using to sew
dialog: into his rat.
text: Shang FOLLOWS the crowd of men and women with their weapons. And now we
text: see this room full. It is huge: the main room of the Old Brewery, crowded
dialog: with families huddled together for warmth and comfort, or out of fear; men
text: and women, together or separately, drunk or passed out. They are like zoo
text: animals in a pit. There are sticks of furniture jammed in corners, or,
text: more often, arranged at angles in the middle of the room to form tiny
text: enclaves where the ancient brewery machinery forms irregular boundaries.
text: Above Shang's head, VALLON and his gang walk across a plank bridge that
text: spans the room a hundred feet beneath them. Armed men and women from the
text: Brewery are climbing a rope ladder to join them. Shang SCURRIES up after
dialog: them.
text: The men and women from the Brewery fall in behind VALLON and the others in
text: the lead. Shang SPOTS someone near his own age toward the front:
text: Amsterdam. He presses through the crowd like a hunting dog.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: What's the fight?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: The Dead Rabbits against the Native Americans, same as ever. But it'll all
dialog: be settled today.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Are you Native or Rabbit?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (points to rabbit on pike)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Looks alright. I'll stand by you, then.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 6 INT. HALLWAY
text: The group now turns down the last corridor, as dim and long as a tunnel.
text: In the distance, there's a faint glimmer of light and the figure of a MAN
text: (MONK EASTMAN). VALLON stops near the door.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: I don't know you.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: I suppose there's to be a fight.
text: VALLON catches the heavy Celtic inflection in the man's voice.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: Derry?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Donnegal. Name's Monk Eastman.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: And you want to fight, Mr. Eastman?
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: lf there's money in it.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: Fight for the Natives. They have a proper war chest.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: Well, I might at that. But I thought I'd ask you first, seeing as how I'm
dialog: not quite a Native American myself.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: Let's see your skills, and we'll talk of payment later.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: Fine. But if you like what you see, pay me double.
text: Monk turns to the door with the grace of a dancer and delivers a
text: SHATTERING kick, sending it flying off its hinges. Clear white LIGHT
text: streams in, and we see Monk Eastman plain for the first time: a huge man,
text: in stature and girth, wearing a small DERBY that intentionally makes his
text: head look even bigger.
speaker_heading: VALLON
text: (as the door splinters settle)
dialog: Stand with us then.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 7 EXT. STREET DAY (WINTER)
text: WINTER WIND blows across a scene as strange and bleak as an alien planet.
text: VALLON, carrying his cross high, steps through the doorway. The OTHERS
text: slowly follow VALLON out of the building, which is three stories high and
text: maybe a block long. A dilapidated sign identifies it as the 5 Paints
dialog: Brewery.
text: It is the tallest structure in the midst of low, squalid SHACKS, winding
text: ALLEYS as narrow as a snakels back, and DIRT STREETS filled with ruts, mud
text: and filthy snow. A few PIGS wander forlornly about, rooting for garbage.
text: WASH hangs stiff, in the middle of the square, from a peculiar monument
text: erected to some forgotten war hero.
text: The Brewery occupies one side of a SQUARE surrounded by some storefronts
text: and a couple of collapsed wooden sidewalks. If this place resembles
dialog: anything at all, it's a horrible hybrid of London's Limehouse and a
dialog: pioneer town in the American West whose best days have long passed--or
dialog: never came at all.
text: VALLON stands still, staring across the square past the monument. His
text: battalion of irregulars waits for his signal.
text: Now... very, very slowly...from around both sides of the monument comes
text: ANOTHER GANG, in size the same as VALLON's, men and women both, armed like
text: Visigoths with HOMEMADE WEAPONS: knives, pitchforks, building blocks and
text: bricks, boards with sharp nails protruding from the ends. Every member of
text: this second group is dressed in a long DUSTER which reaches to the ankles.
text: Several MEN in front of the group sport dusters made of leather.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: Bill Poole! on whose challenge are we assembled?
text: A MAN in a leather duster (BILL THE BUTCHER) steps forward. He is young,
text: lean and fierce. And then there are his eyes. They do not match. One is
text: real. The other is a huge, bulging PEARL upon which has been engraved,
text: instead of a pupil, a full-color portrait of the AMERICAN EAGLE.
text: On the side of the square, arranged to get a good view of the impending
text: combat, is a group of STREET KIDS, girls and boys, none older than eight.
text: They talk and laugh excitedly among themselves, picking their own
text: favorites among the gangs as if the warriors were players on a team.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: On the challenge of the Native Americans, to settle for good and all who
text: holds sway.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: Bene.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: By the ancient laws of combat, we offer our bodies to the ghosts of those
dialog: warriors who have gone before us. Valor is avid for glory, and glory is in
dialog: our wounds.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: But this time can you bear to look on the glory when it comes, Bill? Can
dialog: you see it clear with your single eye?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
text: Whoever fights untouched in battle has skill, but the warrior who returns
dialog: wounded has been touched by God.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: It wasn't God who touched your eye.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: It was God gave me guidance. Will you be able to look on the death blow
text: like a gladiator, and not look away? No honorable man turns an eye from
dialog: his death.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: I don't expect a death blow from your hand, Butcher. Let's have at it.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: There is another matter.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: Say it out and quick, before spring gets here.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: No Native American Warrior will dishonor himself with the blood of the
text: halt and maimed.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: So?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: So we would like to know whether Squire Jack Mulraney of the Dead Rabbits
text: can smile out of both sides of his face.
text: A pause of a single second. Then HAPPY JACK takes the dead rabbit off the
text: tip of his pike and hurls it across the square. It lands right at BILL THE
text: BUTCHER's feet.
text: In a flash, BILL THE BUTCHER opens his coat. Inside, on a special belt he
text: carries a CLEAVER, a CARVING KNIFE and other instruments of the butcherls
text: trade, all stained with blood and gristle. Now the MAN standing next to
text: him removes the broad BELT from around his coat. The brass buckle is
text: sharpened to a point, the leather studded with glass.
text: The gallery of Street Kids tenses for action: they are thrilled.
text: VALLON reaches up to the CROSS, pulls off the top piece, to disclose,
text: underneath, a gleaming sword point. He folds the arms of the cross down,
text: like the blades of a jackknife.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: Prepare to receive the Lord.
text: And the air is full of screams and battle cries as the two gangs hurl
text: across Paradise Square into BATTLE.
text: VALLON draws first blood. He impales a Native American on the sword end of
text: his cross and turns to fight again.
text: Amsterdam and Shang exchange a glance of frightened, worried wonder.
text: Then a Native American rushes at them, shouting for blood. The boys act
text: together. Amsterdam dives down in front of the man, sending him sprawling.
text: Shang BLUDGEONS the fallen warrior, using his lead-filled rat like a
text: blackjack as Amsterdam kicks him savagely; the Native collapses
text: unconscicus at their feet. Before the boys can thank one another, however,
text: they are separaten by the SURGING GANGS all around them.
text: BILL THE BUTCHER leaves his meat CLEAVER imbedded in the middle of a man's
text: skull, then WADES through the combat as if shielded by a charm.
text: The gallery of Street Kids is thrilled by this display and reacts with
speaker_heading: CHEERS.
text: VALLON BATTLES three Natives who come at him at once.
text: Monk Eastman grabs a Native in his arms like a groom hugging a bride. He
text: raises his knee and brings the man crashing down across it, BREAKING his
text: spine like a Thanksgiving wishbone.
text: The gallery of Street Kids is awed by this display of power from a new
dialog: star in the making.
text: The Rabbit Warrior in the home-made armor grins at an intrepid Native and
text: lowers his battle-axe. The Native rushes as the
text: Rabbit Warrior swings and SEPARATES the man from his legs.
text: A NATIVE WOMAN lowers her head and charges her Dead Rabbit adversary,
text: delivering a shattering BUTT to his stomach.
text: A NATIVE BOY holds a rusty old pistol, which he uses at pointblank range
dialog: against several Rabbits.
text: A RABBIT WOMAN flies into a Native, using her IRON FINGER EXTENSIONS to
text: GOUGE his face.
text: The NATIVE with the deadly belt uses it to TEAR a piece out of a Rabbit's
dialog: face.
text: Amsterdam, beginning now to be overwhelmed by the hellish fight, looks
text: around in growing PANIC for his father.
text: SHANG uses his lead-rat blackjack to clear an escape back toward the
text: Brewery. The Street Kids can tell he's trying to escape, and start BOOING
dialog: him...
text: ... as Shang's GRABBED from behind and pulled off his feet by a PEG-LEGGED
text: NATIVE. He THROWS the boy to the ground and pins him by holding the
text: sword-sharp point of his wooden leg against Shang's throat.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: I run with you! I'm one of you! Born a Native American from the blood of
dialog: five generations!
speaker_heading: PEG-LEG
dialog: Yeah? Then you oughta be a red Indian.
text: He pushes down. Shang starts to bleed. But now PEG LEG is distracted by
text: the sudden SOUND of bells and whistles. He watches the BOY trembling on
text: the ground, then moves off him, making for the sound of the bell, leaving
text: the BOY quaking.
text: The SOUND grows louder as TWO HORSE-DRAWN CARTS full of battle ready
text: POLICE tear around the curve of a narrow thoroughfare and stop in Paradise
dialog: Square.
text: The BELLS on the carts toll loudly and work magic. The fighting stops.
text: The POLICE, all carrying clubs and wearing leather helmets, LEAP OFF the
dialog: wagons.
text: There are several moments of ABSOLUTE SILENCE, broken only by the SOUND of
text: the wind and the GROANS of the wounded.
text: Then, as one, the Dead Rabbits and the Native Americans RUSH the police
text: together, hurtling stones and brandishing weapons. Even the Street Kids
text: get into the act, kicking and biting and generally having a fine time.
text: The gangs SWARM all over the police, driving them back. Some lucky cops
text: climb back on the wagons and try to get away. The unlucky police remain
text: behind, dead on the ground.
text: The GANGS cheer, jeer and continue to throw things at the retreating
text: POLICE. When the second wagon disappears from view, the GANGS confront
text: each other once again.
text: Another brief moment of QUIET. The Street Kids settle back into their
text: spectator role. Then the GANGS go at each other with fresh intensity.
text: Amsterdam finally SEES his father and starts to PUSH his way toward him.
text: VALLON and BILL THE BUTCHER stand facing each other in the midst of battle
text: like two titans: then they rush at each other, joining with a terrible
dialog: fury.
text: Shang, still blindly SWINGING his blackjack, makes his way closer to the
text: relative safety of the Brewery, his face stained with tears of fear. He
text: hits someone. The MAN turns, swats him down. Shang sprawls on the street,
text: which is a SWAMP of mud and blood and dirty snow, and finds himself face
text: to face with a departed PEG LEG. Someone has removed his artificial limb
text: and driven it through his heart.
text: Across the square, Amsterdam has reached his father in time to see a
text: NATIVE AMERICAN sneaking up behind him. Amsterdam grabs a long TRUNCHEON
text: from a fallen warrior and uses it to hit the man a strong blow behind the
dialog: knees.
text: The MAN falls, howling. AMSTERDAM HITS him again. And again. He is
text: hysterical.
text: VALLON and BILL THE BUTCHER keep fighting. Amsterdam sees, with a single
text: look, that his father is in the fight of his life. He looks for a weapon
dialog: to help...
text: ... sees a HATCHET lying by the body of the Rabbit he has just beaten
text: senseless. He grabs it and runs forward, looking for an opening between
dialog: the Butcher and his father...
text: As the two combatants move, Amsterdam MOVES. Bobbing, weaving, feinting,
dialog: falling back... looking for his chance...
text: ... as Bill deals VALLON a blow that ROCKS him back and throws him off
dialog: balance...
text: ...just as Amsterdam has made his move. He RUSHES forward, sees his father
text: FALLING, tries to turn but...
text: ... too late. The boy's hatchet SLASHES his father in the leg. VALLON
text: falls to one knee, gestures frantically to the stunned Amsterdam to get
dialog: away...
text: ... and Bill is upon VALLON, SINKING his knife into his chest. VALLON
text: screams and falls on his back, Bill kneeling over him. He looks into his
text: enemy's eyes ... and VALLON's EYES LOCK ON HIS. For all his suffering,
text: VALLON's eyes HOLD Bill ... he forces himself to look at Bill...it's a
text: terrible struggle... but VALLON will not look away.
text: Amsterdam, hysterical, RUSHES at the Butcher. The Butcher grabs Amsterdam
text: by the arm, making him drop his hatchet.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You need a weapon? Use a knife.
text: He puts the struggling boy's hand on the hilt of the knife that the
text: Butcher sunk into his father's chest.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
text: It makes a deeper cut.
text: And, HIS HAND GUIDING THE BOY'S, he RAMS his knife deep into VALLON's
dialog: heart.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Say a benediction, Priest.
text: VALLON bellows in agony. Amsterdam screams at the very same moment, his
text: cry mingling with his fatherls tearing through the air.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (to Amsterdam)
dialog: Hold this close to mind, boy, should you ever think of going up against
dialog: the Native Americans.
text: Bill the Butcher rises and all around him, as if on some mysterious
text: signal, the fighting subsides. A DEAD RABBIT sees the fallen Vallon, takes
text: a battered brass HORN from his belt and sounds THREE NOTES, quick and
text: sharp. As the notes fade away, the fighting stops completely.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (announcing)
text: Ears and noses will be trophies of the day.
text: The Rabbits SCAMPER to collect their dead and wounded before the Natives
text: can get to them to slice off the battle souvenirs. But there are many
text: corpses maimed. The Street Kids DISPERSE. The main battle is over, and the
dialog: Natives have clearly carried the day.
text: The Rabbits file past Vallon, rorming a protective CIRCLE around him.
text: Amsterdam kneels at his side. Vallon tries to speak. Blood bubbles in his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: Can't..can't cross the river... with steel through my heart.
text: Amsterdam looks around. None of the Rabbits makes a move. This is clearly
text: something he is meant to do himself.
text: Amsterdam grabs the tortoise handle of the knife, PULLS on it. Vallon
text: tries not to cry out. The knife does not move.
text: Amsterdam tries again. He can't budge the knife. Vallon MOANS. Nearly
text: wild, Amsterdam PULLS with all his strength. Vallon SCREAMS in agony.
text: Amsterdam is pulling so hard he raises his father's back four inches off
text: the ground. Still the knife will not move. Vallon passes out from the pain.
text: Now, finally, someone steps forward: Monk Eastman. He leans over but
text: Amsterdam, berserk with grief, pushes him away, turns back to his father,
text: and, with a last desperate pull, DRAWS the knife from his father's heart.
text: He throws it on the ground. Monk picks it up, wipes the blade on his arm,
text: closes the knife and hands it to Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: That's yours, rightfully.
text: Now Monk leans over the lifeless body and reaches inside Vallon's coat,
dialog: REMOVING some money.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: And this is mine. Only what's owed. Use the rest for funeral.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No!
text: He tries to shove Monk away from his father, when the Native Warrior
dialog: intervenes.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: It's fair.
text: Amsterdam, wild with shock and grief, turns back to his father as Monk
text: takes what's owed him. Amsterdam bends over to KISS Vallon on both cheeks,
text: then on his left eye.
text: The boy is just about to kiss his fatheros closed right eye when the lid
text: springs OPEN - Amsterdam jumps back despite himself. Vallon stares at him:
text: a last moment of recognition.
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: Hon ...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No, Pa!
speaker_heading: VALLON
dialog: ... honor me... think of me ... don't never look away.
text: Vallon convulses and DIES. Amsterdam shakes him to revive him.
speaker_heading: RABBIT WOMAN
dialog: Take the body. Bring the boy.
text: Several RABBITS take a step or two forward, but Amsterdam springs up at
text: them, like an animal.
speaker_heading: RABBIT WARRIOR
dialog: Come an, lad. Therels nothing to be done now.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Get away! Get away!
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: Leave him be. He's his to mourn.
text: And the RABBITS turn away, going back to the Old Brewery or vanishing down
text: the narrow streets.
text: Now a few CITIZENS venture out into Paradise square. A couple of
text: SCAVENGERS scoot about, looting bodies.
text: Amsterdam stays in the center of the square unmoving, undisturbed, keeping
text: solitary vigil over his father.
text: A TITLE is superimposed across this scene:
scene_heading: NEW YORK CITY 1844
scene_heading: 8 EXT. HARBOR DAY WINTER (MATTE)
text: The same afternoon. As the sun goes down, we have our first full look
text: (MATTE) at the low pale outlines of the city.
text: The harbor is crowded with the high masts of sailing ships. Just north of
text: the island tip is the steeple of the city's tallest structure, Trinity
text: Church. The buildings of Wall Street are masses of concrete and wood, the
text: streets surrounding them paved with cobblestones. Just above the financial
text: district are the sloping buildings and rutted avenue of the Five Points .
text: The Old Brewery stands tall and forbidding over Paradise Square.
text: Above the Five Points, in the distance, we can glimpse some finer, newer
text: buildings. One wide street--Broadway--seems to run from the very tip of
text: the island clear up into the woods just a few miles north of the harbor.
text: The only SOUNDS are the lapping of the harbor water against the boats, the
text: creaking of masts in the winter WIND.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 9 EXT. HARBOR DAY
text: A closer view - The TITLE fades off. We see an imposing edifice on the
text: edge of the harbor with a wooden sign identifying: "IMMIGRATION
scene_heading: DEPARTMENT, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA."
text: The sun has nearly set. A boy--about 10 years old--sits on the edge of the
text: Castle Garden dock, gazing down at the frozen Hudson. He can just about
text: make out his reflection in the dull sheen of the ice. His name is JOHNNY
text: SIROCCO, and he watches himself with bewildered seriousness.
text: Abruptly, he reaches down and SMASHES through the ice with his fist. In
text: SLOW MOTION, we watch the ice fragments drift apart in the river current,
text: each bearing away a REFLECTION of Johnnyls face, like pieces of a puzzle.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Where's your family, sonny?
text: Johnny sees a POLICEMAN scrutinizing him.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (lilting brogue)
dialog: My mother's just there.
text: He gestures toward a ship, where MEN are unloading cargo. In a hoist, they
text: are lowering a thin pine COFFIN to dockside.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
text: On the trip, her insides all broke up. She wasn't dead and there was three
text: others fighting for her bed.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: And your father? Where's he, then?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I never knew him.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: (taking Johnny's hand)
dialog: We better see to you, then.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 10 EXT. STREET NIGHT
text: The Policeman leads an awed Johnny through the TEEMING streets of the Five
dialog: Points.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
text: Where all those streets come together right ahead is the true Five Points.
dialog: But most speak of the Five Points and mean anywhere between the Battery
dialog: and the Bowery.
text: Although the night's cold, the streets are jammed. WHORES painted like
text: carnival Gypsies sell themselves to any man sober enough to stand up.
text: SOUNDS of laughter and combat filter out from garish SALOONS like the
text: Little Naples, the Hell Hole, the Egyptian Hall.
text: In the midst of all this highlife are BEGGARS and the SICKLY, looking for
text: charity, scrounging garbage in the street. An INDIGENT battles a CRIPPLE
text: for a meager scrap of faod. A richly dressed WOMAN, riding by in a
text: carriage, hides her eyes by raising a HUGE BOUQUET OF FLOWERS in front of
text: her face.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
text: Streets hereabouts are lively of an evening. The city comes here to sport.
dialog: But there's places to put up a boy on his own.
text: Three WOMEN, exquisitely costed, burst from the door of the Egyptian Hall.
text: Under the harsh glare of a nearby gas lamp, their faces are no longer
text: striking. Johnny STARES; there is something not right about these faces.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: And those? What are those?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Well, those. Those are, as you might say, a sort of...
text: We SEE one of the women's faces, suddenly harsh under gaslight: under
text: thickly caked make-up is a smiling TRANSVESTITE.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: ... sort of whatnot.
speaker_heading: TRANSVESTITE
dialog: Say, policeman. I'll buy your bonny friend.
text: The Policeman fetches the Transvestite a strong WHACK with his nightstick.
text: The Transvestite screams and falls ... and Johnny RUNS.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Hey!
text: But Johnny's off, already lost in the mad street life.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. MORTUARY NIGHT
text: A funeral chapel.
text: Vallan's body lies in state. He is wearing his gang regalia, and all the
text: Dead Rabbits FILE PAST his coffin in solemn tribute. A WOMAN bends down
text: and kisses the body. Happy Jack Mulraney holds Vallon's crucifix, which he
text: has obviously inherited. As a disreputable looking Minister mutters
text: PRAYERS, Happy Jack whispers to a silent Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: We passed the plate amongst ourselves. Come up with enough ned to carry
dialog: all this, and carry you a while, too.
text: He stuffs some money in Amsterdam's pocket.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Where will my father rest?
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
text: Potters Field, with everyone else.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: My father won't be buried with everyone else. He'll lie separate in fresh
text: ground, facing east.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: What difference where he faces?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: He'll face east for the second coming of Christ.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: Fine, son. When Jesus gets to the Battery you show Him the way from there.
text: The Minister finishes the service. MR. CORNELIUS, a funeral director who
text: resembles one of his own customers, ushers in a WOMAN (MAGGIE) pulling a
text: lovely 10 year old GIRL (JENNY EVERDEKNE) by the hand. The woman is
text: obviously drunk, the girl frightened.
speaker_heading: MR. CORNELIUS
dialog: Will you have music, entlegen
speaker_heading: WOMAN (MAGGIE)
dialog: My daughter'11 do any song you like.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: Not tonight, Maggie, we got...
text: Monk Eastman interrupts from the Background.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Any ned in your pocket, sir.
text: MONK hands MAGGIE some coins.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: She sing sweet as she looks?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Pure celestial, sir.
dialog: (to girl)
dialog: Go on, Jenny.
text: Jenny's voice is sweet as promised. The song she SINGS, however, is a
text: bawdy saloon song. Maggie cuts her off fast.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No, Jen, the other.
text: Jenny starts to sing a HYMN. To avoid looking at the corpse, she lets her
text: eyes rove all around the chapel until she SEES Amsterdam. She locks
text: straight at him until the hymn is over. And he does not take his eyes off
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 12 INT. MORTUARY HALLWAY NIGHT
text: Mr. Cornelius is about to escort Maggie and Jenny into another room
text: crowded with mourners when a smartly-dressed man (DANIEL KILLORAN)
text: gestures to him from the shadows.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: Mr. Tweed would like a word, Mr. Cornelius.
dialog: (Cornelius hesitates)
dialog: Tweed of Tammany.
text: At the mention of the name, Cornelius shoos Maggie and Jenny into the
text: mourning room and shuts the door behind them. Then he gives Killoran his
dialog: full attention.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: In your office. At your pleasure, of course.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 13 INT. MORTUARY OFFICE
text: As the door opens, we see a man gazing out the narrow window onto the
text: spectacle in the next building. He is in his late 20s, already a little
text: fleshy but dressed with dash: WILLIAM TWEED... "BOSS" TWEED. He shows a
text: bemused, almost schalarly interest in the goings-on next door.
text: This mortuary is located next to a bordello, where the windows are
dialog: uncurtained and the energy and variety of the
text: activities inside is astounding.
text: Tweed finally TURNS as Killoran opens the door.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Mr. Cornelius. With a view like this I'm surprised the dead can rest in
dialog: peace.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Is there anything I can...
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Yes. A favor.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
text: Happy to serve, Mr. Tweed.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Excellent. Lend me something.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Oh, I don't know what I could ...
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: I believe in form and appearance, you see. Just like yourself, sir. And I
dialog: believe in law, and the power of example. Our city is a lawless
dialog: wilderness, sir. I'm asking you to help chasten it.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: A matter of civic duty, then.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: And civic pride. I want you to help me set an example.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I only need to borrow one of your clients.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 14 INT. MORTUARY NIGHT
text: Two native Americans open the door where Vallon is laid out and Bill the
text: Butcher STRIDES into the room.
text: There is immediate TENSION, like an electric charge, as other Natives
text: stand in the doorway and crowd the hall stand while Bill walks over to the
text: coffin. He places a BLACK ROSE in Vallon's folded hands.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Tomorrow your cortege will cross Paradise Square, into territory protected
dialog: by the Native Americans. You will be permitted undisputed passage both
dialog: ways. That is our tribute. After that, any Rabbits wishing to join the
dialog: Native Americans and willing to swear blood loyalty will be welcomed. All
dialog: others will be dispatched.
text: He starts out of the silent room, but STOPS when he sees Mank Eastman
text: looking at him with easy interest. Bill the Butcher
text: STARES him down, but Monk's gaze never wavers.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I'll expect you first.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: Me? Oh, I don't know. All that talk of blood loyalty makes me quake. I'll
dialog: spill blood when the price is right. But blood for ceremony? I prefer holy
dialog: communion.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You saw us fight today. You know we can pay any price.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: Not mine. Not now, and not any time after.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: We'll see. Independence is a slippery thing. But being a rival ... well,
dialog: that's dead dangerous.
text: Bill brushes past Monk and leaves, followed by the NATIVES.
text: Now the RABBITS file out, with Monk among them.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: Come on, boyo. I'll put you up tonight.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I'll do for myself, Jack.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: You can't.
dialog: (Amsterdam stares at him)
dialog: There's no mistaking you're his son.
text: Happy Jack leaves Amsterdam alone in the room.
text: Now, by himself, sure of no one seeing, Amsterdam CRIES.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 15 INT. MORTUARY NIGHT
text: Mr. Cornelius is seated in his office, enjoying a late supper while
text: looking out his window at the bordello activity across the alley. A NOISE
text: at the door disturbs him: Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What's the cost to bury my father proud and proper?
speaker_heading: MR. CORNELIUS
text: For a plot, a headstone, hands to break the earth...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: MR. CORNELIUS
dialog: What are your current means?
text: Amsterdam turns out his pockets, which contain Bill the Butcher's pirate
text: knife as well as the cash Happy Jack pressed on him. Cornelius TAKES it
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MR. CORNELIUS
dialog: Of course you'll have to wait three days for a city permit. But all this
dialog: may do for part.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No.
text: Amsterdam takes the knife back from Cornelius.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: That's owed another.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 16 EXT. STREET/PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: A grey day. Amsterdam stops in front of a window. He STRUGGLES with his
text: scarf, trying to keep himself warm. His eye strays for a moment, and he
text: sees he is outside Mr. Cornelius' Establishment. Then he NOTICES something
dialog: else....
text: .... his FATHER, propped up in a coffin, on public display. There is a
text: large sign beside the body: "The Dead End of Lawlessness. Tammany Abhors
dialog: Crime. Tammany Means Justice."
text: A sizeable CROWD is goggling at the body. Amsterdam BULLS his way through
text: the people to the street. He looks in the gutter, then looks up quickly.
text: Someone is watching him: Johnny. He's carrying an armful of wood.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Firewood?
text: Amsterdam grabs the longest plank Johnny has.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It's a penny the load.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Later.
text: He turns with the plank in his hand and starts to RUN back through the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Hey!
text: Johnny manages to GRAB the other end of the plank. But Amsterdam's so
text: strong he YANKS him right along. The Crowd YELLS as it parts for
text: Amsterdam, who CHARGES through using the plank like a battering ram, with
text: Johnny on the far end, born along by stubbornness and momentum...
text: ... toward Mr. Cornelius' window. Amsterdam SHATTERS the window and the
text: Crowd SCATTERS in a blizzard of GLASS.
text: Amsterdam stumbles into the window and against the coffin, which falls
text: over, spilling Vallon's BODY, knocking the boy over. Amsterdam picks
text: himself up as Johnny stands frozen.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Help me.
text: He starts to pull his fatherls body from the window.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Come on! Help me, goddamn it!
text: In a daze, Johnny steps forward and HELPS Amsterdam pulls the body onto
dialog: the street.
text: Now: the SOUND of WHISTLES and WHEELS and RUNNING HORSES as a wagon full
text: of POLICE arrives on the scene. Behind them, the Crowd returns, yelling
dialog: insults.
text: The police RUN toward the window. Mr. Cornelius dithers at the front of
dialog: the crowd.
text: Amsterdam and Johnny exchange a look. Then Johnny RUNS for it. Amsterdam
dialog: stays with the body...
text: ... as the cops close in, SWINGING clubs. Amsterdam's grabbed and hit a
text: couple of times. The Crowd yells. A COP swings his arm back to give
dialog: Amsterdam a good wallop...
text: ... and someone grabs his arm: Bill The Butcher.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Easy, crusher. What's this all about?
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Ask the boy.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I paid Cornelius for my father to rest in honor. He told me I had to wait
dialog: on a permit, but he only wanted time to...
text: BILL picks up the Tammany sign from the ground.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Make another Arrangement, looks like. For advertising.
dialog: (to cop)
dialog: Better go along. I'll see to all this.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: The boy...
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Take the little malefactor.
text: The Cops YANK the wildly flailing Amsterdam to his feet and DRAG him off
text: to their wagon. Bill The Butcher approaches Cornelius.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Give the boy what he paid for.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 17 EXT. STREET/PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: Amsterdam is HURLED into the police wagon. The door is locked behind him.
text: He pulls himselt to his feet, looks out the tiny barred window, SEES ...
text: ... Dead Rabbits join up in a rough funeral procession. SEVERAL help LOAD
text: Vallon's body back into the coffin and place it onto Mr. Cornelius' fancy
text: funeral wagon. Monk Eastman LEAPS up onto the wagon and closes the coffin
text: lid tight.
text: There are PEDDLERS everywhere. One dispenses drinks from a portable
text: samovar. A SAILOR hawks ships in a bottle, repeatedly shouting the same
text: advertisement: "Encourage the work of a landswamped sailor!" A SILHOUETTE
text: ARTIST offers to draw portraits of passersby.
text: Funeral music is furnished by STREET MUSICIANS: a drummer, a fiddle
text: player, and a horn player, with a couple of BUSKERS performing along side
dialog: for good measure.
text: Mr. Cornelius takes the wagon reins and guides the horses out of the
text: square. The gang FOLLOWS solemnly behind.
text: And across the square, the police wagon carrying Amsterdam starts MOVING
text: OFF in the opposite direction. He keeps looking out the tiny wagon window.
text: The funeral procession leaves the square and activity returns quickly to
text: normal. Peddlers' CRIES once again fill the air. The Buskers start PLAYING
text: a snappier tune. SNOW begins to fall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 18 INT- TOMBS DAY
text: A huge, awful prison building modeled on an Egyptian mausoleum.
text: Amsterdam--trying to hide his growing fear--waits on line with other
text: PRISONERS, all of them older than he.
text: At the head of the line, prisoners are being processed by a JAILER and a
text: couple of COPS. Each prisoner is asked several cursory questions, then
text: told to strip. Every one of the men is SCARRED in some way.
text: AMSTERDAM nears the front of the line. The MAN just ahead of him
text: undresses. His left buttock is missing, and his back is covered with whip
text: scars. A PRISONER behind Amsterdam WHISPERS loud enough for Amsterdam to
dialog: hear...
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: Ain't his first Tombs trip.
text: ANSTERDAM steps up to the desk. The JAILER hardly takes notice of him.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: What do they call you?
text: And this is the first time in the film we have heard his name.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Amsterdam.
text: The JAILER looks him over.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: Your full name.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Vallon.
text: The JAILER writes this down with a scratchy pen.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: First name?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I told you.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: (skeptical, resigned)
dialog: Address?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Got none.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: I'll put city. Now what's your age?
dialog: (Amsterdam shrugs.)
dialog: Maybe twelve. Got a family?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No more.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: Well, where was they from when you had one?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (beat)
dialog: City.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: (writing)
dialog: Disrobe.
text: As Amsterdam obeys, the Jailer turns to the Cop in the leather helmet
text: standing at his side.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: What's the charge, Asbury?
speaker_heading: COP
text: Theft. Assault. Creating a ...
text: The Jailer finishes writing. Amsterdam stands naked.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: Through that door there.
dialog: (lowers his voice)
dialog: And don't stand too near no one else.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 19 INT. CREMORE NIGHT
text: The largest, noisiest, gaudiest dive we have yet seen, full to bursting
text: with bawdy CUSTOMERS even at this late hour. Therels a long bar, where men
text: and women stand three deep; lots of small tables; a dance floor; and a
text: stage on which four blowsy DANCING GIRLS are giving out with a ribald
dialog: number titled "My Father's Teeth Were Plugged With Zinc."
text: One end of the bar is entirely taken up by a huge woaden keg with an
text: attached hose. BAR ATTENDANTS DUMP the unfinished contents of glasses into
text: the open barrel top as a line of FAR GONE DRUNKS wait their turn for the
text: hose. Maggie, Jenny's mother, is close to the front of the line, very
text: drunk, hanging on to a mush-faced HOODLUM.
text: Two VISITORS watch. One has a pad and makes quick SKETCHES.
speaker_heading: VISITOR ONE
dialog: Ought to be served in a trough, properly. Will you try some?
speaker_heading: ARTIST
dialog: Probably. What is it?
speaker_heading: VISITOR ONE
dialog: All-Sorts. It's made of all that's poured and not drunk, and any they can
dialog: salvage that's spilt.
text: Maggie GRABS the hose, staring at the Artist as she takes a drink. His
text: hand moves quickly an the page, SKETCHING her.
speaker_heading: VISITOR
dialog: (to Maggie)
dialog: Your health.
text: She SPITS at him, insulted. The Artist steps forward, puts some of the
text: All-Sorts from the hose into his glass, and toasts Maggie. She nods and
dialog: turns away....
text: ...as Johnny enters, dragging a large SACK across the crowded floor toward
text: a far door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 20 INT. CREMORE BACK ROOM NIGHT
text: Johnny RUSHES toward a wooden pen in the center of the room. There are
text: cries from the crowd of SPORTSMEN of "Hurry it up" and "More speed!"
text: Johnny dodges a kick or two before he finally arrives at the pen.
text: He UPENDS the sack over the pit and a dozen live RATS tumble out. A
text: GAMEMASTER slips Johnny a couple of cents as he starts his spiel.
speaker_heading: GAMEMASTER
dialog: Alright, gents and ladies, your bets now on Towser against the vermin, the
dialog: count to beat is ten rodents in three minutes.
text: The crowd starts to place bets. A sleepy Johnny settles down close to
text: ringside to watch the show.
text: At a signal from the Gamemaster, a TRAINER tosses TOWSER--A fierce
text: mongrel--into the ring. The crowd cheers lustily, continuing to shout out
text: bets, as the dog goes after the rats.The rats, fighting for their lives,
text: bite the dog, attaching themselves to his body. Towser retaliates by
text: gnawing the rats, SNAPPING them in half and spitting them out.
text: As the CROWD cheers, and Towser kills, and money changes hands, Johnny
text: curls up and goes to sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 21 INT. TOMBS NIGHT
text: A row of cells, noisy and cold. The GUARD shoves Amsterdam into a cell.
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: You get to live private until they come from the orphan's asylum. On
dialog: account of your tender years.
text: There is nothing in the cell but a board for a bed, and a window through
text: which Amsterdam can see the late winter moonlight. He looks for stars in
text: the sky, but can see none.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 22 INT- MAIN ROOM/OLD BREWERY
text: Jenny Everdeane and a girl FRIEND, her own age, huddle together in a dark
text: corner of this huge space. The Friend opens her hand to show Jenny a
text: glimpse of what she's clutching: a penny.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Let me see! I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: (closing her hand)
dialog: No! It's a danger.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Oh come on! It's not.
dialog: (Friend shakes her head)
dialog: Then tell me where you got it.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: From some man. He took me in his carriage. He only wanted to do something
dialog: to me fast.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I didn't understand.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Would he do the same with me?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: I won't tell you if he's around again.
dialog: (clutches penny tight)
dialog: He's my secret.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Better keep it more careful, then.
text: The Friend GETS UP and starts across the Brewery floor, acting nonchalant.
text: But she looks around her, across the sleeping, passed-out bodies, past the
text: desperate families and their squalling infants, to see if she's been
dialog: noticed.
text: A man and two women cast a glance her way. She looks away, but the TRIO
text: keeps watching her... then FANS OUT and starts to FOLLOW her.
text: The Friend looks over her shoulder again. SEES the Man. Locks in another
text: direction, SEES: the woman. And then: the second woman. All closing on her.
text: The Friend starts to RUN. The Trio runs after her. And no one else pays
text: attention. The Friend PLUNGES into one of the warren of TUNNELS that lead
text: off the Brewery floor.
text: CAMERA plunges through the darkness, after her. Her footsteps ECHO; there
text: is the SOUND of stumbling, falling, an angry CURSE and a BLOW being
text: struck. The FRIEND picks herself up out of the darkness and keeps running,
text: CAMERA following down the dank halls.
text: Suddenly the TRIO runs AHEAD of the camera. There is a SCREAM. CAMERA
text: staps. And others SOUNDS follow quickly now: the dull THUD of a heavy
text: object against bone, REPEATED several times; and then, very soon after,
text: the most terrible sound of all: silence.
text: Then Two Women emerge from the darkness of the tunnel, fighting over the
text: penny. The Man, several steps behind them, throws an object to the dirt
text: floor: it's a STONE, and it is covered with blood. He comes up behind the
text: Two Women quickly and GRABS the penny from them with a hand that still
text: DRIPS blood and gore. They CHASE after him across the crowded Brewery
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 23 INT. HALLWAY/TAMMANY NIGHT 2
text: CAMERA races along the ornate corridor, past PORTRAITS of many affluent
text: and self-important GENTLEMEN... through a door and into...
scene_heading: 24 INT. TWEEDIS OFFICE/TAMMANY NIGHT
text: ... Tweed's domain. Small in size, but there are dozens of CAGES OF
text: CANARIES all around. Tweed looks up startled as the door flies open. The
text: birds set up a COMMOTION.
text: CAMERA bears down on Tweed as a pair of HANDS grabs him and hurls him
text: against the wall.
text: Bill The Butcher GLARES at Tweed. Some NATIVES come into the room behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You come into the Five Points and you stole from me.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: I don't know...
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You stole Vallon. He was my kill. My example, of my power. You took him
dialog: and made him yours.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: You're a lunatic to come here like...
text: In the background, same of the NATIVES have begun to play CATCH by
text: removing the CANARY CAGES from their places and tossing them all over the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Thank you. Just listen good. The Native Americans holds the Five Points.
dialog: We have prevailed. What you do outside the Points is your deciding.
dialog: Outside is your city. Inside the Points is mine. Anyone who says
dialog: different, or does different, or thinks different...
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: ... theylll draw my unwelcame attention. You understand?
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I do understand, yes.
text: BILL pushes him away and starts out.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: But you don't understand at all.
text: Bill keeps walking.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: There's a whole city to share and all you see is your own narrow streets.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (turns now)
dialog: You just stay out of my place.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Yes, alright. Gladly. It's all blackjack jobs and panel games and killings
dialog: for a fiver.
text: Bill waits for Tweed to continue. But Tweed stoops and tries to soothe a
text: canary in a cage.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: It's good work.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: As far as it goes.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You wouldn't be talking to me otherwise.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: But we're talking about different things, Bill. You describe the present.
dialog: I see the possibilities. Look to the future. There is so much more.
text: The Butcher starts to look interested.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 25 INT. TWEED'S OFFICE NIGHT
text: Later. The Natives have cleared out; only Tweed and the Butcher remain.
text: The cages have been restored to their proper places and the room has been
text: straightened. Bill stands beside the door, while Tweed relaxes in a chair.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: There's things demanding to be done that no police force can do, not even
text: an obedient one. There's contributions from every dive and brothel.
dialog: Loyalties to be secured and debts to be collected.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED (Cont'd)
dialog: And now you and your Natives have emerged as the foremost force in the
dialog: Five Points, I'm prepared to extend you an opportunity. You can work for
dialog: Tammany...
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: We work for no one.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: ... beside Tammany... in the performance of these civic obligations. And
dialog: for a satisfactory... I'm prepared even to say equitable... financial
dialog: participation. It's not the sort of responsibility the founding fathers
dialog: might have recognized. But then, the founding fathers never imagined the
dialog: city New York has become.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Maybe you Tammany boys should do your own lifting and carrying and muscle
dialog: work. Might build you up.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: We'd like to. I do miss it. But it's wiser for men in the public life to
text: give an appearance of probity.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Then get cops to do it.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Oh Jesus, no. The appearance of law must be upheld, especially while it's
dialog: being broken.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Appearance means nothing.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Perhaps not within the Points. But the smart man could go higher.
text: Bill looks at Tweed for a long moment. The he SHOVES himself away from the
text: wall, pulls away the chair on which Tweed has been resting his feet and
text: sits down close to him.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: If you can talk plain, maybe we can do business.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. STREET NIGHT
text: A small slum thoroughfare congested by a splendid FIRE-WAGON labeled
text: "Americus Co./Tammany Hall." Curious SPECTATORS and panic-stricken
text: RESIDENTS crowd around to watch a ramshackle building going up in FLAMES.
text: As Johnny presses through the crowd to get a good look at the fire, Tweed,
text: in a white coat and fancy fire helmet, steps off the fire wagon to address
text: an ONLOOKER.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Anyone inside?
speaker_heading: ONLOOKER
dialog: No, praise God, but all we own...
text: TWEED places a bucket over the only fire plug in the vicinity, then sits
text: on it.
speaker_heading: ONLOOKER
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: TWEED
text: Waiting on reinforcements.
text: The SOUND of another bell, nearby. Down the street from the opposite
text: direction come TWO MORE FIRE-WAGONS. The crowd starts cheering. Tweed does
text: not move from the plug.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: That's not them. It's only the Black Jokes. Seems your fire interrupted
dialog: their festivities.
text: The wagons pull up next to the fire plug. Each of them has the words
text: "Black Joke Fire Co." written large on the side, but the FIREMEN wear
text: party costumes, not regular uniforms. Some are dressed as British
text: Redcoats, still others as Indians.
text: The FLAMES continue to devour the building, but Tweed does not budge from
text: the plug. He is approached by the Black Jake chief, who is dressed as an
dialog: Indian chief.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: May I point out that the building is burning to ashes?
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Certainly. And may I then remind you, Pocahontas, that this entire area is
dialog: the province of the Americus company, and you will kindly keep your
dialog: distance.
text: Impasse. The rival Fire Companies size each other up and start toward each
text: other. The building continues to burn. Tweed remains regal and unperturbed
text: atop the fire plug.
text: As the two COMPANIES are about to close with each other, a second BELL
text: sounds. Tweed's "reinforcements" have arrived: the Native Americans, led
text: by Bill The Butcher. They PILE OFF the wagons before the horses halt. Now
text: the Black Joke Co. is outnumbered, and it FALLS BACK. As the Crowd CHEERS,
text: Tweed takes the bucket off the fire plug.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Alright, boys! To work!
text: The MEN of the Americus Co. give a great SHOUT and start firefighting: a
text: hose is hitched up to the plug, buckets are filled, a primitive pump sends
text: water spluttering everywhere.
text: But there is not much blaze left to combat and the Men quickly grow
text: frustrated. Tweed realizes this immediately.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Next building over, boys! Mustn't let it spread!
text: The men charge into a neighboring building, STOMPING down doors, CLIMBING
text: through windows and SWINGING AXES with gusto, all to save a building that
dialog: is in no danger at all.
text: A local poll named DANIEL KILLORAN detaches himself from the crowd and
text: approaches Tweed, giving him a hearty SLAP on the back.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: Another proud night for Tammany, Bill.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Just tell them...
dialog: (lowers his voice)
dialog: ... to take enough to share. And not to steal so in the open.
text: Indeed, the Men are leaving the building with lots of LOOT. CITIZENS who
dialog: question their right to do this are promptly KNOCKED DOWN. Killoran GRABS
text: Bill The Butcher as he rushes by.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Jesus! Boss says to tell you to fight the fire from the front and loot out
dialog: the back.
text: Bill grins and leaves to spread the word as an angry WOMAN approaches
dialog: Tweed.
speaker_heading: TEARFUL WOMAN
dialog: The Black Joke could have saved my house!
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Black Joke had no business here, Madam.
speaker_heading: TEARFUL WOMAN
dialog: Their business was to save my house!
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Tammany's your business. When we're here to call upon there's no need of
dialog: other. We understand loss, Madam, and take care of our own.
text: As Tweed leads her off, away from the blaze and the thieving, he passes a
text: boy sitting an the curb, watching the fire ... and watching Tweed ... with
dialog: admiration. It's Johnny.
text: The FLAMES light up his EYES as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 27 INT. BREWERY NIGHT 2
text: Jenny's face, as she tries to sleep on a narrow, filthy mattress. Her
text: mother Maggie lies beside her, crowding her, THRASHING about in a
text: troubled, drunken sleep.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 28 INT- ROOM/HIGH BRIDGE ORPHANS ASYLUM 2
text: Amsterdam, eyes wide, lying on a cot in the middle of a long room crowded
dialog: with KIDS - This place is a step or two up from the Brewery--but not a big
text: step. He stares at the ceiling, eyes grave, untroubled by the small cries
text: of loneliness and fear that come from some of the beds surrounding him. As
dialog: we move CLOSE on his EYES we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 29 EXT. HIGH BRIDGE ORPHANS ASYLUM DUSK
text: ... the same eyes. But OLDER. Smart and full of savagery.
text: It is Amsterdam. He is now in his early 20s, fully grown and no man to
text: trifle with. Moving with jungle stealth and strength he ...
text: ... BURSTS out the door within the massive frame of a great iron gate over
text: which hangs the sign "High Bridge Orphan Asylum." He starts to RUN and a
text: TITLE comes up...
dialog: 1852
text: Pursued by GUARDS, Amsterdam runs hell-for-lather for a long vaulted
text: bridge. It's a beautiful, stern old Romanesque span across the Harlem
text: River with rolling banks of leafy trees on the far side. Even in the
text: twilight, we can see that it is late spring, the end of a long afternoon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 30 EXT. HIGH BRIDGE DUSK (MATTE)
text: Amsterdam is on the bridge. But he does not slow up until ....
text: ... two orphanage GUARDS suddenly TACKLE him. A THIRD GUARD beats him with
text: a billy club. Amsterdam moans and curses, as much from frustration as pain.
speaker_heading: SECOND GUARD
dialog: It's Blackwell's Island certain now, boyo.
text: The SECOND GUARD pulls AMSTERDAM up by the hair.
speaker_heading: THIRD GUARD
dialog: Are you hurting? Let's hear you!
text: Amsterdam won't give him the satisfaction. The Guard hits him. Amsterdam
text: goes down, biting his lip so he won't cry out. Instead, he forces a SMILE.
speaker_heading: SECOND GUARD
dialog: There's nothing funny, boyo! You been beat and turned back four times now.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: But every time you bring me back... you got to come further to catch me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 31 EXT. CORLEAPS' HOOK PIER NIGHT
text: Through the THICK FOG comes a ghostly apparition: a tattered SKULL AND
text: CROSSBONES, made of rags, fluttering from the mast of a leaky, unstable
dialog: vessel.
text: The bow of the small boat breaks the fog, and on board we see: a hulk
text: called SHEENY MIKE KURTZ and a huge black kid named JIMMY SPOILS, manning
text: the cars. Johnny Sirocco, grown wary and wiry, peers into the fog like a
text: lookout, while Shang Draper, at the tiller, looks anxious.
text: The HULL of a large boat suddenly laoms in front of them, not five yards
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Hard starboard, Shang! Hard starboard!
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: (panic)
dialog: I told you forget that sailor stuff! Which way's star...
text: Too late. Their Ticket craft crashes into the side with enough force to
text: make a LOUD THUMP and to send Shang sprawling.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Why don't we just knock on their front door?
text: Shang gestures for QUIET. They wait and listen. No sound from the deck of
text: the boat above them. The boys throw two ROPE LADDERS over the rail of the
text: larger ship and start climbing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 32 EXT. SHIP NIGHT
text: The boys board the ship and gather on deck. They look around uneasily,
text: spooked by the silence and the fog.
speaker_heading: SHANG
text: Spread out and make for the cabin.
text: Moving slowly, the boys FAN OUT and move toward the cabin at the far end
text: of the deck. Johnny stays close to Shang, holding onto the shipls rail for
dialog: support.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: (whispering)
text: Nothing. Looks picked clean.
text: Johnny stops. His hand, on the railing, is BLOODY. On the other side of
text: the deck, Sheeny Mike discovers more traces of blood and SIGNALS Shang.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Bill and the Natives must have got here first.
text: Johnny freezes in terror.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: What ...
text: A long SHADOW falls across his shoulder. Shang jumps.
text: Standing before him, holding a musket and covered in blood, is the ship's
text: CAPTAIN. A BUTCHER'S CLEAVER is imbedded between his neck and shoulder.
text: With his dying energy, the Captain takes AIM at a petrified Shang and
text: fires his musket.
text: Jimmy Spoils JUMPS the Captain from behind, sending the musket ball way
text: wide. But the SOUND of the musket is thunderaus, and echoes through the
text: harbor. The boys panic and head for the side.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: That'll bring the Harbor cops for sure.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (about the dead man)
dialog: Wait! Take him. If he's still alive he's good for ransom!
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: Hels dead as Good Friday, can't you...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Then we'll take Bill the Butcher's cleaver and sell the body to the
dialog: medical students. They'll go five dollars for it anyway.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Come on. We'll get something out of this.
text: Shang and Johnny start DRAGGING the body. Pushing, pulling and mostly
text: panicked, the others help. As they boost the body over the side, the SOUND
text: of a bell cuts through the fog.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: The Harbors!
text: Shang shoves the body off the side and into the boat. It lands with a
text: resounding THUD. The boys CLAMBER after it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 33 EXT. BOAT/RIVER NIGHT
text: PUSHING OFF with cars, tearing their rope ladders from the side of the
text: ship, stumbling over the captain's body, the boys slip off into the fog.
text: The Harbor Police are so close to them they can see a police LANTERN
text: shining. The boys stay absolutely still. Suddenly, WE SEE: the POLICE
text: BOAT, breaking through the fog, then
text: DISAPPEARING again.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: We can't go back to Corlears Hook, they'll be watching...
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: We'll make for Blackwells.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: And which way's that through this fog?
text: Johnny throws his hands up for quiet. From close by comes the SOUND of
text: COP'S VOICES. They are near. Very near. The boys stay as still as they
dialog: can...
text: ... and the VOICES recede again in the thick fog.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: Should have asked them directions as they drifted by, Shang.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: You'd have liked that, wouldn't you Coal Face? You're the only one they'd
text: miss in the dark.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: Let's quiet, or we'll all be found out!
text: As the BOYS stay still, their boat DRIFTS against an outcropping of land
text: and STOPS.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Alright. We lay up here till first light. Then we run back across the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: River pirates!
text: Spoils settles back and tries to sleep. Johnny watches Shang in the bow.
text: Shang is too agitated to notice Johnny's stare. He looks away, waiting for
dialog: the sun.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 34 EXT- BLACKWELLS ISLAND DAWN
text: Shang drowses in the boat, fighting fatigue, then succumbing to it. But
text: h's brought awake suddenly by a loud SPLASH. He looks in the direction of
dialog: the noise, SEES ...
text: ... the BODY of the slaughtered ship's captain floating away in the
text: company. He starts to cry out but Amsterdam GRABS him, locking his throat
text: in the crook of his arm.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (to everyone)
dialog: Push off! Or his pipe snaps!
text: The other boys are too stunned to resist. They push the boat away from the
dialog: island.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
text: Head straight out, then turn for the current.
text: He pushes Shang away from him. The two boys stare at each ather, finally
dialog: remembering...
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: (breathing hard)
dialog: Figured you for dead.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Close enough.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: This is my crew. And welcome to join, if you've the mettle. We're river
text: pirates and quick thieves and street brawlers...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (casual disdain)
dialog: You're lost.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Yeah? You've no business saying anything against us! Do you know how much
dialog: you cost us? You know how much that body's worth?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I doubt it's worth the water it's floating in.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Fifteen dollars! Fifteen dollars from them medical ghouis.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I'll make it back for you whatever it is, once we're in the city. Just
dialog: keep sailing, or we're all done for.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: (beat; to crew)
dialog: Go ahead then.
dialog: (beat; to Amsterdam)
dialog: He was in his prime. He'd have fetched thirty dollars easy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 35 INT. HIDEOUT DAY
text: A ramshackle room near the docks. It is part meeting hall, part living
text: quarters for the gang, and part clearing house forstolen goods. SHANG
text: presides over a boisterous meeting.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: You're as flat as Broadway going north. We can't run the river no more.
dialog: We're poaching the Natives and the Harbor cops are looking for us.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: The cops can go to blazes. Who cares about them?
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: Youlre all sand when it comes to cops, Shang. But do you have the sand to
dialog: go against the Natives?
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: It ain't the time to go against the Natives. We've got to build first.
dialog: Then we go.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: If we go like we did in the river, all of us'll sink.
text: Amsterdam is sitting off to the side, watching this ongoing debate with
text: contemptuous detachment. Johnny sits next to him.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Does Shang have the sand to ever go against the Natives?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I don't know. He acts like it.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: If he only acts, held be better on the stage.
dialog: (looks away)
dialog: Like her.
text: His tone of voice has changed. Jenny Everdeane passes before him; she's
text: ravishing. Amsterdam STARES, as if he's trying to see into her heart.
text: Jenny pays him scant attention as she moves across the room toward Shang.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
text: Jenny Everdeane. Shang turned her into the best bludget in the Points.
text: Jenny gives Shang silk scarfs, wallets and several purses from her coat.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Shes his mort, is she, as well as his best provider?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Yeah. But Jenny says she's anyone's she chooses.
text: Jenny's haul is impressive. Shang picks a BRIGHT RED SILK SCARF with a
text: distinctive PAISLEY design from the pile of stolen goods. He examines it
text: with a shrewd, appreciative eye.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: That's the prize of the month. Spice Islands silk.
text: He puts the scart in his coat pocket with a FLOURISH, then throws his arm
text: about Jenny in a proprietary way.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: You'll learn our way if you're going to be one of us, Amsterdam.
text: Jenny reacts slightly to the mention of the name: she looks over and
text: RECOGNIZES Amsterdam now.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Every one of us gives a portion of all they steal to the gang. Morts more
dialog: than men, being morts.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Yeah? And why is that?
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Because morts have more resources. Men can work only on their feet, but a
text: mort can turn out on her back.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I mean, why give at all? Why don't they keep for themselves?
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: If you think there's something off about my way of running things, you got
dialog: no place in this gang.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I got no place anyway, and you got no gang. This ain't a gang, no matter
dialog: what you say. It's a mob.
text: There's a tense hush in the grubby room. Shang takes his arm from around
text: Jenny, wanting to be restrained.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: It's all your play now, Shang. Maybe you can set him right.
text: Jenny hands him a cane. Barely managing to hide his reluctance, he
text: starts--slowly--toward Amsterdam, who stands his ground. The gang steps
text: back to give them room in this tiny space. Shang pulls the cane apart:
text: it's a SWORD CANE, but Amsterdam shows no fear. He shifts his weight a
text: little, watching ... and they're interrupted by a...
speaker_heading: VOICE (HAPPY JACK)
dialog: You boys settle with me before you settle each other.
text: They turn to him.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: I've come for my due and proper, Shang.
text: Happy Jack Mulraney (the Dead Rabbit gang member with the halfparalyzed
text: face) stands before them in a POLICEMAN'S UNIFORM-sparkling clean and
text: splendid--a leather helmet and long coat. In his hand, he twirls a
scene_heading: NIGHTSTICK.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: As agreed, then, Jack. Refreshment?
text: Shang OPENS the top of the gold-handled sword cane. Inside are large,
text: solid LUMPS of cocaine. Jack reaches for the choicest.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Still smiling, are you?
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: (sizing him up)
dialog: It's the young Vallon, is it? I hardly recognized you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I hardly knew you under that hat, Jack.
text: By now, Jack has taken not only the cocaine, and the money and swag Shang
text: offers, but several of the purses and wallets Jenny delivered. Jenny
text: stares at him with contempt, and he laughs, tossing one of the purses back
text: at her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There. For your respect.
text: Jack turns to leave but a BRASH BOY blocks his way. Moving fast and fancy,
text: Jack bashes the Boy to the floor with his nightstick.
speaker_heading: HAPPY JACK
dialog: Anybody else? Any number at all, come on.
text: Several of the gang make a move toward Jack, but Shang WAVES them back.
text: Jack departs UNHARMED, to general disgust. Jenny walks back across the
text: room to help the Brash Boy. Shang GLARES at Amsterdam, slides his sword
text: back into his cane and follows Jenny, trying to explain himself.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Is that sand we've just seen?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It's politics.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 36 EXT. PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: A hot summer day. All the TRADESMEN are out in force, jamming the square
text: and the side streets leading to it. Amsterdam walks fast through the
text: crowd, enjoying the freedom and the bustle, as Johnny tags along close
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I've got my own way to go, why don't you find yours?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Because your way's different, and I want to see where it goes.
dialog: (Amsterdam looks at him)
text: Unless you say otherwise. Amsterdam shrugs and keep walking.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You act like you have something in mind, like you know every day what
dialog: you'll be doing the next. Me, I don't figure on tomorrow.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Well, if you shut up a while maybe it'd come on its own.
dialog: (he stops, looks)
dialog: Now what the hell's that?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (following his glance)
dialog: Oh that's heaven.
text: WE SEE what they're looking at: the Old Brewery. In worse shape than ever
text: before, but shut-down, abandoned. A tattered banner flaps against the
dialog: front door: "Future Home of the Five Points Mission/ Praise God!/ The
dialog: Reverend Shadrach Raleigh, Pastor."
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: The city shut down the Brewery as unfit to live and Tammany gave it over
dialog: to this minister.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAN
dialog: What's Tammany?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Why Tammany ... you don't know? Tammany makes the city run. A political
dialog: organization that's like... like the Native Americans, only ranging over
dialog: the whole city.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: 37 MONTAGE
text: As Johnny continues to speak, we see Tammany tactics in action:
text: WARD-HEALERS dispensing coal to the poor, and TOUGHS stealing meat off of
text: butcher's wagons; a political PARADE with fife and drum-and
text: politicians--including Boss Tweed--in ceremonial Indian costume, and a
text: group of GOONS busting up a saloon; Tweed making a speech to enthusiastic
text: CONSTITUENTS and a Tammany Fire Company tearing through the streets,
text: scattering everyone in their way, finally revealing they are not rushing
text: to a fire but are CRASING OFF a rival fire company.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: They seem like the law, but they got a way of acting outside the law.
dialog: Anything that happens in this city, on the straight or on the sly,
text: Tammany's a part of, and Boss Tweedls the heart of Tammany.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 38 EXT. PARADISE SQUARE,/OLD BREWERY DAY
text: Amsterdam studies Johnnyls enthusiastic face.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: They're the best gang there is.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: So if Tammany's the best, go with Tammany. What are you running with this
dialog: mob for?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: 'Cause they're more my size for now. With Tammany, you got to do something
dialog: large, something that makes them take notice of you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAN
dialog: You're better oft without their notice. You can run free, work your own
dialog: schemes.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: But if your schemes have size, you need size to bring them off.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What are you thinking?
text: Johnny shrugs, grins: he doesn't want to give anything away. Amsterdam
text: understands, turns toward the Brewery.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Let me in if you ever get it figured.
text: Amsterdam starts toward the Old Brewery, Johnny keeping step.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I'll go on my own from here.
text: Johnny STOPS and Amsterdam continues on by himself.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 39 INT. MAIN ROOM/OLD BREWERY
text: Echoing. Dank. Amsterdam holds a candle high for light. RATS skitter. He
text: crosses the main floor, enters one of the side tunnels.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 40 INT. ROOM/OLD BREWERY
text: A tiny room we recognize from the first scene: this is the place where
text: Amsterdam lived with his father. He crouches and TEARS UP some
text: floorboards, then quickly LOWERS HIMSELF into the hole.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 41 INT. UNDER FLOOR/OLD BR.EWERY
text: A short tunnel under the Brewery floor, the kind a kid might make.
text: Amsterdam has trouble crawling through it. DIRT and ROCK sprinkle him
text: until he finds what he wants stuck in a shallow hole; a battered leather
text: MONEY PURSE; and a PAPER-WRAPPED PACKAGE.
text: Amsterdam snaps open the purse to make sure the little bit of MONEY is
text: still there, then turns his attention to the package. He TEARS it open.
text: Inside is the PIRATE KNIFE that Bill the Butcher used to kill Amsterdam's
dialog: father.
text: Amsterdam handles the knife carefully as he opens it. The candle light
text: makes the blade GLEAMS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 42 EXT. ALLEY/OLD BREWERY DAY
text: A shock of summer SUNLIGHT as Amsterdam emerges from one of the back
text: entrances of the Brewery onto a fetid alley filled with rotted barrels,
text: broken glass and insensible drunks.
text: Amsterdam looks carefully up and down the alley, letting his eyes adjust
text: to the bright light. Ahead of him, he SEES ...
text: Shang Draper, in jovial conversation with a SECOND MAN we do not
text: recognize. The man is bareheaded, and has a deep scar running back to
text: front clear down the center of his bald head. Amsterdam waits, WATCHES.
text: Shang takes the RED SILK SCARF he got from Jenny's swag and hands it to
text: the Second Man. He and Shang SHAKE HANDS, as if they have concluded a
text: business deal, and the Second Man walks away.
text: Amsterdam PRESSES himself close to the door as Shang LOOKS AROUND...
text: doesn't see Amsterdam... and walks off in the opposite direction, across
dialog: Paradise Square.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 43 INT- RECEPTION ROOM AND TWEED'S OFFICE DAY
text: The main room is as loud and as prosperous as the stock exchange. Bill the
text: Butcher makes his way past Small GROUPS of men engaged in heated political
dialog: dealings of dubious virtue.
text: Bill knocks on the door to Tweed's private office while he's opening it.
text: Inside is Boss Tweed, seated in a large WOODEN BOX like a primitive sauna.
text: Around him are various PETITIONERS, and his assistant Daniel Killoran.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: I dread city stimmers. They bring illness and beget vermin.
speaker_heading: PETITIONER #l (GLEASON)
text: My plague box fends off all pestilence. Its elixir combats ill humors...
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: We can't have every citizen of the Five Points boxed up like cargo.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: But the season is vicious, and I must take thought of our constituents.
dialog: Mr. Gleason, I'd like you to shake hands with Mr. Barnett Baff...
text: Gleason, dubious, shakes hands with PETITIONER #2 as Bill the Butcher
text: looks on with amusement.
speaker_heading: TWEED
text: A friend and owner of an estimable carting service. Work out an
dialog: arrangement whereby the citizenry can receive the benefit of Mr. Gleason's
dialog: wondrous elixir outside this excellent box. At a cost, Mr. Gleason, of how
dialog: much the barrel ...
speaker_heading: GLEASON
dialog: (figuring rapidly)
dialog: Oh, perhaps twenty-five dollars.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: ...and how much, Mr. Baff, for haulage and distribution...
speaker_heading: BAFF
dialog: The same again. At least.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: At least. That's a price of fifty dollars. And greedy, low piracy at that
dialog: (Gleason and Baff splutter)
dialog: But a price that Tammany, in its generosity, will meet. Merely submit a
dialog: bill for a hundred. We'll each have half. And I'll retain this box for
dialog: further experiment. Hello, Bill.
text: Killoran LEADS the astonished Gleason and Baff away as Bill APPROACHES.
speaker_heading: TWEED
text: Bolt the door.
text: Bill complies. As Tweed speaks and the anti-plague VAPORS SWIRL around his
text: head, he keeps his eyes closed.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Scotchy Lavelle's gone wrong in his accounts.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I know. Scotchy's a good man.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Not good enough to rake thirty percent of our share from Sparrow's and use
dialog: it for his own.
dialog: (opens his eyes)
dialog: You got to give him over, Bill.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I can't do that. No matter what he steals, I still get more from him than
dialog: any two others. As do you.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: Alright then. What about Charles McGloin? He's running a panel game off to
dialog: one side. Did you know that?
dialog: (Bill shrugs)
dialog: I can't get a day's work done for all the good citizens pouring in here
text: complaining about crime and corruption all over the Points. They accuse
text: Tammany of carelesoness. Some even suspect ... a few practically suggest.
dialog: (eying Bill significantly)
dialog: ... our complicity with this rampant criminality. We must show them
dialog: Tammany stands behind the letter of the law. We need to set an example.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Charles McGloin will do.
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: I'll set the trial for Friday.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 44 EXT- TOMBS DAY
text: CAMERA moves high along the outside wall, past small rectangular slits
text: that pass for jail windows. EYES peer out, as if a peep show is underway
text: directly below in the Tombs courtyard. A PRISONER is being readied for the
text: gallows by having a hood tied to his head.
text: The CROWD is in a carnival mood; HOT CORN GIRLS, STREET VENDORS,
text: "HOKEY-POKEY" (i.e., ice cream) MERCHANTS, even BUSKERS, all add to the
dialog: holiday spirit.
text: Jenny works through the crowd, pushing and smiling her way past groups of
text: raucous merrymakers. She stops once or twice to have a word with a
text: GENTLEMAN, flirts for a moment, then moves on.
text: Further back in the crowd, Amsterdam NOTICES her. He watches her go
text: through the crowd with an admiration that quickly turns to FASCINATION as
text: he realizes what she's doing: picking pockets. The best bludget in the
text: Five Points. He starts to FOLLOW her.
text: Jenny has worked her way close to the hanging platform, but she's so
text: intent on her job she has not noticed Amsterdam. The closer the platform,
text: the closer the spectacle and richer the pickings: Jenny's concentration is
text: absolute. On the platform, an ASSISTANT HANGMAN addresses the Crowd.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT HANGMAN
dialog: Those interested in the effects of the condemned please come forward.
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED:
text: Part of the Crowd PRESSES in toward the platform, temporarily blocking
text: Amsterdam's view of Jenny. He is right against the platform.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT HANGMAN
dialog: What am I bid for this coat? A coat of some wear but excellent cut...
dialog: containing a rather remarkable pocket silk...
speaker_heading: MAN IN CROWD
dialog: Bid a quarter!
speaker_heading: HANGMAN
dialog: A quarter, thank you. Do I hear fifty cents? Fifty cents?
text: The Hangman is holding up the condemned man's coat which contains the RED
text: SILK SCARF Amsterdam saw Shang give away. Amsterdam flips the HANGMAN a
text: quarter, reaches out and GRABS the handkerchief.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Here. Just for the silk.
text: He stuffs it into his pocket and starts to PUSH his way through the crowd.
text: On the platform, the WARDEN steps forward holding a primitive megaphone.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Do you have any last remarks, Charles McGloin?
text: McGloin grunts from underneath the hood.
speaker_heading: MCGLOIN
dialog: Not from under this hood I don't.
text: Crowd near the platform begins to CHANT "No hood, no hood, no hood!" The
text: Warden puts his hand on the hood, starts to remove it...
text: ... and the Crowd CHEERS. Amsterdam turns, SEES: Charles McGloin. Bald,
text: with a deep scar running front to back on his head. The very SAME MAN he
text: saw in the alley with Shang.
text: McGloin acknowledges the cheers of the crowd. The Warden holds to
text: megaphone close and McGloin bellows...
speaker_heading: MCGLOIN
dialog: I never struck a foul blow or turned a card and may God greet me as a
dialog: friend!
text: The Crowd ROAR approval at these words. Amsterdam PUSHES through the
text: crowd, looking for Jenny ... SPOTTING her finally...
text: ... while up on the platform, the NOOSE is placed around McGLOIN's neck,
text: and he is HOISTED UP in no time. We hear his neck SNAP. His feet kick
text: after death. The Crowd raises a zighty cheer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 45 EXT./INT. BROADWAY AND BROADWAY STAGE DAY
text: Amsterdam walks with a crowd toward a waiting Broadway stage, a vehicle
text: that looks like a horsedrawn train car. The stage will take spectators
text: back uptown from the hanging.
text: He is working his way toward Jenny, who is now BOARDING the stage.
text: Amsterdam DASHES through the crowd and SQUEEZES onto the stage, which
text: moves forward with a JOLT.
text: Once on board, Amsterdam looks through the jammed car, SEES: Jenny, about
text: to sit down - A MAN has offered her his seat. She smiles dazzlingly as she
dialog: sits...
text: ... and arranges her hands genteelly on her lap. The Man looks down on her
text: and she smiles up at him again. He is bequiled.
text: Amsterdam manages to get a little closer.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I hope you won't think me rude if I speak.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No, sir. You look a proper Gentleman down to the ground.
text: As this conversation continues, we watch-not only Jenny and The Man in
text: conversation, and Amsterdam watching them; but we begin to notice what
text: Amsterdam SEES. Although Jenny's hands apparently remain folded on her
text: lap, her RIGHT HAND moves SLOWLY out from her wrap... toward The Man...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Well, I wouldn't want you to think me forward, you see.
text: ... and BRUSHES past his jacket. He does not notice or feel a thing.
text: Jenny's hand GLIDES past his THIGH ... nearly brushing it ... moving up
text: across his pelvis and around his buttocks...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Does it matter to you what I think?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Well, I might like it to.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Oh.
text: ...toward his pocket. The Man is in Jenny's thrall. He feels nothing and
text: continues to have no idea what is going on. But Amsterdam KNOWS. Every
text: silken, surreptitious move of her HAND across The Man's body is like a
text: CARESS that Amsterdam can feel. Jenny's grace is balletic and EROTIC. As
text: she picks The Man's pocket, she is, without knowing it, also seducing
dialog: Amsterdam
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I mean, if you would like.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I might like, sir. But I can't say now.
text: Her hand HOVERS above his pocket, waiting for the SWAY of the stage to
dialog: match and mask her movement....
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Why?
text: ... and she starts to get up as soon as the stage JOSTLES. The entire car
text: full of passengers LEANS into one another...
text: ... and Jenny's hand SLIDES the Man's WALLET from his trousers as
text: he recovers his balance. Amsterdam watches her withdraw her HAND in a
text: flash and hide it beneath her wrap.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Because this is my stop.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: May I walk with you a little, then?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: That would be too bold.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: But I'll never see you again.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I come every Thursday to the Tombs to see my father.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I'll look for you.
text: Jenny fetches him another fine SMILE--it's almost demure--and takes her
text: way off the rear entrance of the stage.
text: lt PULLS AWAY up Broadway and Jenny walks briskly toward an alley.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 46 EXT. ALLEY/BROADWAY DAY
text: Jenny looks to make sure she has the alley to herself, then moves her body
dialog: a little...
text: ... and her arms seem to come off. She has been wearing a set of
text: ARTIFICIAL ARMS, hollow inside, which she can leave folded on her lap
text: misleadingly while she goes about her pickpocketing.
text: She's folding up the appliance--cotton sewn over a soft form-when a VOICE
text: behind her makes her turn.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: May I walk with you a little, then?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 47 EXT. BROADWAY DAY
text: As Jenny and Amsterdam walk through the noisy bustle of the city's main
dialog: thoroughfare.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Are you a spy, then?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Got no one to spy for. I'm an appreciator, you might say.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Appreciator of what?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: A good touch.
text: She STOPS in the street, looks him straight in the eye.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't bother with the chat. If you want me, we come to a business
dialog: arrangement. lf the terms is right, then I decide how you suit me. Then I
dialog: do it or not.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Just take a minute, I was Just...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I know what you was just. I had years already of what you was just. You
dialog: know how I got so good at thieving? So's I wouldn't have to lay down for
dialog: everyone who had the ned. Now I do it when I want to for how much I want
dialog: to. Otherwise I don't do it, and don't have to do it, and to hell with
dialog: anyone's rules but my own.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What about Shang's rules? You pay a lot over to him. The better your day,
dialog: the better his. It don't seem gute right.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (a little curious now)
dialog: What's it to you?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Give him this.
text: He hands her the RED SILK SCARF. She recognizes it instantly as the same
dialog: one she gave Shang.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: And you can keep a little more of what you earned.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: How'd you come by this?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I got my own touch.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Are you making me a present, or making an Arrangement?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: It's your rules, right? So you decide.
text: She looks at him for a moment, then starts to TIE the scarf around her
text: neck like a kerchief.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 48 INT. HIDEOUT
text: A gentlemen's WALLET skims across a pitted wooden table, straight into
text: Shang's hand. Jenny is giving him her CUT. He opens the wallet, looks up
text: at Jenny. No more goods are forthcoming. Amsterdam, hanging back, watches
dialog: them both.
text: Shang SEES the RED SILK SCARF, tied around her neck.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Pretty slim cut for a hanging day. Where'd you get that?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: From Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It don't suit you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 49 EXT. STREET AND PARADISE SQUARE NIGHT
text: A SWELTERING evening. The streets are jammed with REVELERS and RESIDENTS.
text: Some people sleep in doorways in futile search for fresh air. Happy Jack
text: Mulraney leads a group of apprehensive UPTOWN CITIZENS past drunks and
dialog: whores.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Commissioner Brunt said to spare you nothing concerning conditions.
speaker_heading: CITIZEN
dialog: Nothing but our safety, of course.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All's snug around Paradise Square in my company, squire. See there.
text: He gestures toward the street, down which one oi Mr. Barnett Baff's CARTS
text: is being drawn by a team of WHEEZING NAGS.
text: The cart bears massive barrels of what a colorful banner advertises as "an
dialog: anti-pestilence influenza-thwarting solution... a service of Tammany
text: Hall." As the wagon draws abreast of a large group of languishing
text: RESIDENTS, HOSES spurt waves of solution all over the streets. Many people
text: are SOAKED. Jack and his Citizens jump back just in time.'
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tammany makes the streets nanitary, I make 'am safe.
speaker_heading: WOMAN CITIZEN
dialog: (apprehensive)
dialog: Even against them?
text: A small distance behind the anti-plague cart, moving in rough formation,
text: come some of Shang's mob, heading aimlessly across the Square cruising for
dialog: action
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Against them especially. Let me demonstrate.
text: Jack takes out his GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN, which he HANGS carefully over a
text: nearby lamppost. Then, very casually, he leads the Citizens off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We'll be back for this at our leisure.
speaker_heading: WOMAN CITIZEN
dialog: You dare leave it here?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Safe as a vault, lady. Since all knows it's mine.
text: The Gang draws abreast of the lamppost. No one makes a move to take the
text: watch until one of the YOUNGEST BOYS reaches out ... but
text: Shang knocks his hand away. Jack, at a distance, NODS approvingly.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: You know that's Jack's.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
text: It should be hangin' off Jack's vest, then. Not here, like some war flag.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: That watch is a small price for free run of the Points.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: If it's free, how come we pay so much? Wo shouldn't pay for what's our due.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: We don't tight when we don't have to. It's not warring that counts. It's
dialog: the living day to day.
speaker_heading: ANSTERDAM
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Is that right? Did I hear that correct? John, did we hear that correct?
text: Eyes now on Johnny. Jenny looks at him with great interest.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (uneasy pause)
dialog: We heard the same.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: So then.
text: He reaches for the watch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 50 EXT. STREET AND PARADISE SQUARE NIGHT
text: Happy Jack stands at the lamppost, aghast. A WOMAN lowers her head and
text: retches. Jackls watch and chain are still in place.
text: But the watch has been SMASHED. And hanging from the chain is a BLACK CAT,
text: skinned and strangled.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 51 INT- HIDEOUT
text: Happy Jack stands with his Citizens. The room QUIETS as, one by one, the
text: mob notices him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You!
text: He GRABS the Young Boy who had reached for his watch on the lamppost and
text: starts to BEAT him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What'd you do to my watch, you dirty little bastard...
text: Jack breaks the Boy's hand with his nightstick. The Boy SCREAMS
text: and FAINTS. So does one of the Women in the group. Jack takes the Boy's
dialog: other hand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hands won't be so quick in future.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: That's enough sport this evening, Jack.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (stepping forward)
dialog: It wasn't him.
text: All turn to look at Johnny. Jack drops the Boy's hand.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I have word for you from who did it. You're to meet him at Sparrow's
dialog: Chinese Pagoda.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 52 INT. SPAPROW'S CHINESE PAGODA NIGHT
text: A low and lunatic place: a combination of an opium dream out of the
text: Arabian Nights and a panel from a Bosch triptych. FAN-TAN games played by
text: Orientals; WOMEN and CHILDREN of various colors suspended in cages from
text: the ceiling as MEN and WOMEN in a secondfloor GALLERY point at them and
text: JOKE. On the main floor, a long line waits for a shot at the barrel of
text: All-Sorts. Jack charges in the front door, looks around.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All right, step out, you yellow...
text: All the NOISE subsides. Only the Fan-Tan game continues;
dialog: nothing is so interesting that these Orientals will stop gambling.
text: Now Amsterdam STEPS right in front of him. It's a grandstand play.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Hello, Happy Jack. I'm the one you're looking for.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then you're marked for dead.
text: Jack lunges ahead, swinging his NIGHT STICK. Amsterdam throws a chair
text: across his path. Jack stumbles, goes down, dropping his night stick.
text: Amsterdam grabs it, jumps on top of him, HITS him twice on the side of the
text: head. There is a CRACKING SOUND. The PATRONS of the Pagoda gather round.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 53 INT. SPARROW'S CHINESE PAGODA NIGHT
text: Later. Festive again. And no sign of Amsterdam.
text: Two PATRONS step away from the all-sorts barrel. Hanging from the spigot
text: like the cat from the watch chain is the BODY of Happy Jack Mulraney. The
text: belt has been removed from his trousers, tied like a NOOSE around his
text: throat, then looped over the spigot. His TEETH lie scattered on the floor
text: around him. His NIGHT STICK has been jammed down his throat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 54 EXT. DOCKS/HIDEOUT NIGHT
text: Amsterdam holds the FANCY COAT from Jack's uniform over his arm.
text: Carefully, he DRAPES the coat over Jenny's shoulders. SHANG steps forward.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: I gave no order for this.
text: Amsterdam says nothing at first, just holds his hand out: he's holding the
scene_heading: RED SILK SCKRF.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: Never mind giving orders. What were you giving this for?
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: I'm calling you out, Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I got this at the hanging. It was Charles McGloin's. Everybody here saw
dialog: you take it from Jenny. What was MCGloin doing with it? What'd you give it
dialog: to him for?
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: I didn't give it to him. Why would I give it to him?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I gaw you give it to him. Last week, behind the Old Brewery.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: (to group)
dialog: He's gone flat. I got no reason to trade with the Native Americans.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What about stepping up in the world, as it were, and leaving the rest of
dialog: us behind. There's a reason. Making a separate arrangement for yourself
dialog: with the one Native so stupid and luckless that he got hung. That's you to
dialog: the ground, Shang.
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: (very edgy now; to group)
dialog: Who believes what he's saying? Can any of you believe what he's saying?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Bene. We'll see. Any of you that believes I did proper by Happy Jack
dialog: Mulraney tonight, stand beside me. Any of you that still likes Shang's way
text: with the cops, and Shang's way with the Natives, go to him.
dialog: (to Shang)
dialog: Or should we settle right now, you and me, and just see which of us is
dialog: left standing?
speaker_heading: SHANG
dialog: Let see where they stand.
text: Jenny rises, stands next to Amsterdam. Jimmy Spoils, Johnny, Sheeny Mike
text: are next. Now the other members of the mob move in clusters to all STAND
dialog: with Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What's your pleasure, Shang?
text: One of the YOUNG BOYS has a dead rat blackjack hanging from his belt.
text: Shang grabs it. He BITES the head oft the rat and spits it across at
text: Amsterdam. Amsterdam almost smiles at him. Shang sneers, drops the body of
text: the rat, and LEAVES.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: This mob ever have a proper name?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: We was called after Shang when we was named at all.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: We're the Dead Rabbits from now. They were the best. They were history.
dialog: They were legend, and we'll live up to them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 55 EXT. DOCKS/WATERFRONT NIGHT
text: Amsterdam sits on an empty pier, watching the ships in the river. There's
text: a SUDDEN RUSTLING NOISE as a NOOSE coils around his neck.
text: It's Jenny. She's slipped the SILK Amsterdam gave her close to his throat,
text: and she's TIGHTENING it. Amsterdam starts to resist. Then he sees how's
text: she's looking at him.
text: She uses the silk to bring his face closer to hers. She KISSES him.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What's this then?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Payment for the silk.
text: Then DROPS the silk from his throat and starts to touch him. Then his
text: hands are under her skirt. Then, under the cloudy moonlight, they start to
dialog: make love.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 56 EXT. DOCKS/WATERFRONT NIGHT
text: Later. Amsterdam pulls Happy Jack's uniform COAT over Jenny to keep her
text: warm in the chill air.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You were waiting for me out here, weren't you?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Maybe I was, yeah.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You was that sure of me?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Sure enough to wait, anyway. Waiting don't cost nothing.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It don't do to be sure. I could go away just as easy.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Alright.
text: He sweeps the coat away from her body, allowing her to leave.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'll say when I want to, not you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Stay then.
dialog: (beat; smile)
dialog: One way or another, I get what I want.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (looking at him)
dialog: Yeah. If it was just a shag you wanted.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You're a gypsy, are you, come to tell my fortune? Go ahead then. Tell me
dialog: what I'm wanting.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You got blood in your eye for someone.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: It's just I can't look away, that's all.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Who from?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Bill Poole.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You better get someone else in your sights. No one's ever taken him.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: 'Cause he's mine, that's why. I'll take his one eye, and then the rest of
text: him, piece by small piece.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You have a plan for this? You going to raise a militia? I'll wager Bill
dialog: the Butcher don't even know about you or care if he does.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: He'll know about me soon enough.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: And after the Butcher?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You'll be in love with me.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Love you? You just had me. You can have a mort any time you want. So why
dialog: look for more than that.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: That's taking love, not giving it. I want it to be just you and me, no one
dialog: else for either.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: 'Cause none of us means nothing in life except one to the other.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I don't know I want to mean something, to you or anybody. Can there be
dialog: good in that?
text: He stares at her.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: We'll see.
text: Jenny pulls the coat tighter around her.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It'll take a while if we do. If we ever do.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: And what about the meantime?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Meantime's business.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 57 EXT PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: A CROWD gathers in one of the main thoroughfares bisecting the 5 Points. A
text: beefy SPEAKER is making an anti-Irish speech on behalf of James W. Barker,
text: a mayoral candidate supported by Tammany's current rivals, the
text: Know-Nothing Party. Hand-painted signs are everywhere, bearing Barker's
text: unsavory likeness. A couple of BUSKERS provide a musical score for the
dialog: political spiel.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
text: The potato is a thick vegetable. Heavy. Meaty. Comes out of the ground
dialog: dirty and stays that way unless you scrub it and boil it to death!
dialog: (cheers and laughs from crowd)
dialog: We don't want to keep lem out of the country! We'll even give 'em a place
dialog: at our table! But we ain't gonna vote 'em into office.
text: Much CHEERING and jovial approval from the Crowd. On its fringes,
text: Amsterdam and the Dead Rabbits make their way roughly across the Square.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: Any Irish hears that will be out for blood.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: The Irish is too busy building up Tammany. That's where their brains and
text: muscle goes. Once they're inside with their cronies, they turn on their
dialog: own outside. Tammany'd steal the air and rent the daylight if they could.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: We'd do the same.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDkM
dialog: Not against our own we wouldn't. That's the difference.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Tammany earns better. That's the difference.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I ain't seen their ned yet.
text: Johnny stops walking, betraying slight annoyance that he has to explain
dialog: the day's deal.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You will at day's end, that's our arrangement. A quarter a voter, whether
dialog: they're repeaters or not. I'm telling you, we got a square deal.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: It's sound, Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Yeah? Well, it's ned anyway. Just make sure you count it when we get it.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It's just a day's job, we don't have to make it a life's work. We work for
dialog: Tammany today and kill them tomorrow, if that's our pleasure.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: So we're politicians just for today.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Not for a minute. We're better than that. We're thieves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: 58 MONTAGE
text: The Dead Rabbits go about the business of rounding up Tammany voters. They
text: pick up DRUNKS in alleys; Jenny and some of the Dead Rabbit MORTS raust
text: PATRONS in a whore house; Rabbits shanghai SAILORS from saloons; corral
text: CITIZENS as they walk along the street, either wheedling or bullying to
dialog: get them to vote. It's the strong arm of democracy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 59 EXT. POLLING PLACE DAY
text: On one side of the door, some Dead Rabbits, with a RABBLE of potential
text: voters; on the other, POLICE doing their best. Behind and all around,
text: various WARD HEELERS and SMALL-TIME POLITICIANS, representing both the
text: Know-Nothing candidate Barker and Tammany's Fernando Wood. Varicus
text: factions push and pull at one another as they wedge their VOTERS into the
dialog: polls.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: He's got the right to vote, damn you!
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Not four times he don't.
dialog: (shoves a Voter)
dialog: There'll be no damned repeaters here!
text: The Cop and Jimmy play tug-of-war with a besotted VOTER, while other gang
text: members rush to GRAB VOTERS leaving the polls.
speaker_heading: PANDEMONIUM.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 60 INT. TAMMANY HALL DAY
text: The main floor is jammed with CLUBMEN and PARTY RACKS. Daniel Killoran
text: bustles from group to group, making promises, taking notes and searching
text: out Boss Tweed, who is holding court in a far corner, surrounded by
speaker_heading: JOURNALISTS.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I would never speak ill of a rival. I would never say that every
dialog: Know-Nothing is a horse thief. It is my observation, however, that every
dialog: horse thief is a Know-Nothing.
text: Good-natured LAUGHING all around. Even TWEED seems amused. Killoran
text: catches the Boss' eye and whispers to him.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
text: The Know-Nothings are already finished, and there's four more hours at the
dialog: polls yet.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Keep our men voting. Everybody works today. It's not a victory we need,
dialog: Daniel. I want a triumph.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 61 INT. DON WHISKERANDOSO BARBER SHOP DAY
text: Amsterdam roughly deposits REPEAT VOTERS in the barber chairs, as the
text: BARBERS work FRANTICALLY to cut their hair, prune beards, and otherwise
text: alter appearances. As soon as one customer is done, Sheeny Mike douses him
text: with bay rum and pushes another REPEATER down in his place. Johnny keeps
dialog: count of the turnover.
speaker_heading: DON WHISKERANDOS (BARBER)
dialog: Now that's eight... and how many still to come ...
text: He looks toward the door, where more Repeaters are lined up, waiting their
text: turn under close supervision.
speaker_heading: REPEATER
dialog: I already voted once today. Cast for Tammany, by God, and Fernando Wood.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Once? Come here and do your duty.
text: Amsterdam GRABS him and SLAMS him down in a chair.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 62 INT. FAN-TAN PARLOR DAY
text: Amsterdam and some RABBITS BURST into the front door, frightening and
text: scattering all the Chinese GAMBLERS.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (barking orders)
dialog: Line up like soldiers!
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: They got no notion what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (To Johnny)
dialog: You explain their democratic right. Illl see they unterstand.
text: Amsterdam GRABS the nearest two CHINESE by their PIGTAILS and
text: HURLS them against the wall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 63 INT. OPIUM DEN
text: Amsterdam and the Rabbits PROWL the murky darkness where OPIUM EATERS lie
text: in bunks stacked high against the walls. The Rabbits start ROUSING and
text: rounding up the Opium Eaters. Jimmy Spoils SLINGS a couple over his
text: shoulder like flour sacks. Amsterdam SHOVES two more out the door, past an
text: admiring Daniel Killoran.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: I come to see if our counts square. You boys have made a remarkable
dialog: showing....
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Who the hell's this?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He's our Tammany man.
text: Killoran compares his figures to the piece of paper where Johnny has been
dialog: keeping his own count.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: ... remarkable...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (With an edge)
dialog: Our own Tammany man. We are coming along. Happy to meet any friend of
dialog: Johnny Siroccols.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: Likewise. Pleasure to meet the best but one in the whole Five Points.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Best but one? Who's better?
text: Killoran looks up. Johnny, standing behind Amsterdam, SHAKES his head "NO"
text: VIGOROUSLY. Killoran gets the message.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: (smooth)
dialog: Maybe nobody. But when the count's done the numbers will tell who's come
text: out in front.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I'm in no race. Just pay us what you owe.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
text: Tonight. At the victory celebration.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 64 INT. SPARROW'S CHINESE PAGODA
dialog: A Tammany victory celebration. When we last saw this place--as Amsterdam
text: confronted Happy Jack--the place was busy, alive. It's RIOTOUS now, jammed
text: to bursting with POLITICIANS, CRIMINALS, GANG MEMBERS, MORTS, WHORES,
text: HANGERS-ON, UPTOWN THRILL-SEEKERS, JOURNALISTS and COPS, not all of them
text: off duty. The SOUND of the place is a cacophony of SHOUTING, SINGING,
text: GAMBLING and STRANGE MUSIC--which we can't identify at first. We START
text: CLOSE on a huge ruby ring and we HEAR...
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
speaker_heading: (V.O.)
text: Read what it says there, alongside the ruby...read it out ...
text: ... and WE MOVE OUT as a WELL-WISHER reads the Latin inscription.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WELL-WISHER
dialog: "Fortuna Juvat Ordentes."
speaker_heading: TWEED
dialog: A grand victory gift from the men of Tammany. Now, tell 'em what it means,
dialog: Mayor Wood.
speaker_heading: WOOD
dialog: "Fortune favors the bold."
text: TWEED gives him a resounding slap on the back.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: What do you think? Would that make a fit motto for our fair City?
speaker_heading: WOOD
dialog: Well, I could certainly see ...
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: We've got a motto.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: what is it?
dialog: (no one knows)
dialog: Well, hell, let's get one we can remember. We're going to build a new City
dialog: hall, we better have something to put over the front door. And Mayor,
dialog: you'll make sure the Latin's right?
text: As Wood nods his assent, CAMERA MOVES across room...
text: ... past the gilded CAGES suspended ten feet over the floor, where the
text: women and children look down at the action just below them with a mixture
text: of trepidation and resignation. Occasionally a REVELER will jump up to try
text: and GRAB one of the caged inhabitants. Still MOVING, CAMERA...
text: ... passes a stage, where we finally SEE the source of all the strange
dialog: MUSIC we've been hearing: the music is provided by
text: CHINESE MUSICIANS, a woman SINGER, a DANCER and some ACROBATS. They
text: perform some weird, mangled Five Points version of Chinese opera. The
text: music and performance continues as we MOVE PAST...
text: ... across a PEWTER FAN-TAN TABLE, where CHINESE GAMBLERS play with fierce
text: animation and concentration. By comparison, the Occidental types playing
text: beside them seem like tourists.
text: Everyone SHOUTS and SCRAMBLES to place bets with the FAN-TAN DEALER.
text: Above the Dealer is an oval opening in the ceiling, through which OTHER
text: PLAYERS may watch the action below. These FAN-TAN PLAYERS lean over an
text: elegantly carved rail, peering at the action on the table below, placing
text: their bets and collecting their winnings by means of a BASKET attached to
text: WIRES that whirrs constantly overhead. We continue to MOVE PAST...
text: ... until we are at the door of the place, where Amsterdam, Johnny and the
text: Rabbits are having words with a BOUNCER.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: I don't know you, you don't enter.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (enjoying himself)
dialog: Come on, what are you saying? If you don't know us now, you'll know us
dialog: tomorrow and you'll be working for us next week.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (more temperate)
dialog: Daniel Killoran knows us.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Oh he does?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: We work for him.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: The hell we do.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to Amsterdam)
dialog: Tampen down, will you?
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Why don't you all get the hell out of here and go fix on a story? Go on!
text: He SHOVES Johnny, who STUMBLES back into Amsterdam. They're both mad now,
text: and they step forward together toward the Bouncer...
text: ... until Killoran intervenes.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: (to Bouncer)
dialog: It's all right, Nat. They're saying the truth. They gave a good day's work
dialog: for a good wage.
text: Killoran HANDS OVER a paper-wrapped parcel of money, which Amsterdam takes
dialog: firmly.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: A fine first showing. But second best.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Second, eh? You don't say so.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: It's no shame to be bested by veterans. The Native Americans always sweep
dialog: the field.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: We count on them sure as mass comes an Sunday.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (to Johnny, glaring)
dialog: Did you know this? Is this some scheme of yours?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: No, I didn't have no idea ...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I was working the same side as the Natives? The Natives?
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: That's only right. Bill the Butcher's our ambassador throughout the
dialog: Points, as you might say. It's deemed an honor to work with him. Everyone
dialog: knows Bill Poole, everyone fears him, everyone ...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I sure as hell don't fear him. And I sure as hell won't stand with him, or
dialog: any who calls him one of theirs.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: Well, if it's matter of personal honor, the money can only be a further
dialog: insult. I have no wish to rile you further, so if you'll allow me...
text: He REACHES to take back the parcel of money, but Amsterdam BATS his hand
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Where is he? Where's Bill the Butcher?
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: Listen, buck. This is a Tammany night. If you and Bill Poole have matters
dialog: to settle, you can do it any other time, any other place, I don't give a
dialog: good dancing goddamn. But you do it here tonight and all the Five Points
dialog: will be down on you like the righteous wrath of heaven. or you could, as
dialog: the Book says, put away childish things. Join the celebration. Personally,
dialog: I always find the least strenuous solution the most appealing. Don't you?
text: Amsterdam stares at him as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 65 INT. SPARROW'S CHINESE PAGODA
text: As a CHINESE ACROBAT TWIRLS in the air, off the stage, and lands in the
text: middle of the audience. The crowd is raucously appreciative as the Acrobat
text: does GYMNASTIC MOVES among them...
text: ... past a table where the Dead Rabbits have settled. it is later in the
text: evening, and everyone has been drinking.
text: Amsterdam, sullen, intense, WATCHES ...
text: ..Bill the Butcher, across the room. He is like a prince regent. Everyone
text: pays him court, including several uniformed COPS, TAMMANY HANGERS-ON, and
text: NEWSPAPERMEN. Bill receives the attention as his due....
text: ... while Amsterdam keeps watching, contempt and hatred gleaming in his
text: eye. He pays attention to none of the gang around, including Jenny. Johnny
text: takes advantage of the situation.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I got experience. It's the education I lack.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: And you heard I was a good teacher?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I don't listen to talk, I figure for myself. And I figured you'd be good
dialog: at everything you did.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: And tonight I got the ned.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: And now what?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Now I'm ready for you. Unless there's an arrangement between you and
dialog: Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (glancing over at Amsterdam)
dialog: Not to my thinking.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (needs to be sure)
dialog: Amsterdam... listen up, Amsterdam...
text: Amsterdam glances over at them.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: You going with me or him? It's my thinking matters here. You don't have to
dialog: ask him nothing.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (makes his decision)
dialog: How's the evening passing?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Fine. Why?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (puts his arm around Jenny)
dialog: 'Cause it's treating me fine too.
text: She gets up and starts toward the stairs to the second floor, Johnny
text: following her, holding her hand. As they pass Amsterdam he LEANS toward
dialog: Jenny.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: This is no game, you and me. Don't go on like it's a game.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I said already, it's not a game. It's business.
text: Johnny pulls her away. As he watches her go through the crowd, Amsterdam's
text: gaze falls on Bill the Butcher again...
text: ... and for the first tine their EYES MEET. Bill's eyes rest on Amsterdam,
text: take him all in... but DON'T REMEMBER him. He looks away as a TAMMANY HACK
dialog: steps up to pay court....
text: .... and a MASTER OF REVELS, center-floor, SHOUTS ...
scene_heading: MASTER OF REVELS
dialog: Gentlemen and gentlewomen, if you please ... we will now... raise the
dialog: cages and start the bidding!
text: The Crowd CHEERS and KIDS PULL on a series of ropes and pulleys to RAISE
text: the CAGES further above the floor until they are parallel with the
text: second-floor gallery of the Pagoda. WOMEN AND MEN call out BIDS even as
text: the cages rise through the air. Depending on their age, the Women and
text: children inside the cages respond to the auction with grim resignation,
text: trepidation or fear. A few, drugged or drunk on all-sorts, lie insensible
text: in their impossibly cramped space.
text: Johnny and Jenny make their way along the second floor gallery until she
text: spots a COUPLE LEAVING a room and walks inside. Johnny CLOSES the door
text: behind them as a BURST of APPLAUSE...
text: ... rises from the main floor, where Bill the Butcher stands in the dead
text: center of the room. He slowly removes his coat and hands it to a FLUNKY.
text: He is wearing his battle vest underneath, and it is fully rigged with all
text: his butcher's implements.
text: The place QUIETS. KIDS swarm silently, like busy ants, all over a huge
text: wooden CHANDELIER, LIGHTING its HUNDREDS of CANDLES. Only the noise from
text: the Chinese playing fan-tan in the far corner of the room can be heard now.
text: The Kids finish lighting the candles and the chandelier is RAISED toward
text: the Pagoda ceiling, casting the whole place into a new riot of LIGHT and
text: SHADOW as The Butcher prepares himself.
text: Now the Chinese Opera DANCER steps forward and stands near Bill. He NODS.
text: The unsprung MUSIC begins. The DANCER starts to move, sinuously...
text: ...and Bill, with amazing skill, starts THROWING his KNIVES. The knife
text: MISSES the Dancer by a hairsbreadth, landing in the floor near her foot.
text: She doesn't flinch. She keeps dancing. And Bill keeps THROWING...
text: ... the KNIVES, which follow the Dancer around the room in a careful,
text: deadly choreography. They land just inches from where she has just been,
text: or will be: in a wall; a pillar; the apron of the small stage; the bar;
text: the barrel of all-sorts. After each knife LANDS, kids retrieve it. When
text: one of the KNIFE KIDS pulls the blade from the all-sorts barrel, DRUNKS
text: knock each other over to drink from the stream that flows from the hole.
text: Native Americans, meanwhile, WORK THROUGH the awed, attentive Crowd. They
dialog: AVOID Cops, Tammany Members and anyone who looks too prosperous or too
text: sober. But when one of the Natives SPOTS a MARGINAL CITIZEN, they GRAB his
text: hand and examine it as if they were telling fortunes.
text: Center floor, Bill pulls TWO KNIVES out, BALANCES one in each hand ...
text: ... as a WHORE in the crowd pushes a guy who's groping her toward a couple
text: of Natives. Hels wearing a large RING. As soon as the Natives SEE the ring
text: they throw their arms around the GROPER like a long-lost pal and escort
dialog: him to Bill ...
text: ... who THROWS both knives rapidly at the Dancer. They land on the floor,
text: inches from her dancing feet. She SPINS AWAY to great applause as the
dialog: Natives bring the Groper to Bill.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Evening, sir. Are you prepared to be celebrated? Are you ready to be
dialog: famous?
speaker_heading: GROPER
dialog: How much will it cost?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Just a moment of your time. My men will assist you.
text: They do quite a bit more than that: they GRAB the Groper and KNOCK him to
text: the floor. In the crowd, one SPECTATOR turns to his companion.
speaker_heading: PAGODA SPECTATOR
dialog: Watch this careful. I've never seen the like, not even in Barnum's Museum.
text: The Groper CRIES OUT as the Natives PIN HIM to the floor, SPREADEAGLED.
text: Bill has one weapon left... in a special pocket, inside his vest. It's his
text: CLEAVER. He takes it out slowly, SAVORING the moment.
text: The Pagoda goes QUIET. Only the gambling continues. The MUSIC dies. The
text: only SOUND beside the noises of the Chinese at their fan-tan is the
text: Groper, who HOLLERS for help as soon as he sees the cleaver.
text: Bill HEFTS the cleaver in his hand, feels its weight, calculates timing,
text: figures distance .... and starts THROWING it in the air...
text: ... CATCHING it by the handle ... then throwing it again... higher, FASTER
text: and HARDER with every toss.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (in full control)
dialog: What's it so quiet for? I don't need quiet.
text: The Chinese opera MUSIC commences with a dissonant CRASH...
text: ... and Bill catches the cleaver again. But EVERY TIME he throws it and
text: every time he catches it by its handle ...
text: ... he also MOVES CLOSER to the terrified Groper. Now... standing
text: very close... he gives the cleaver a mighty toss ...
text: ... sending it SPINNING high in the air... up past the cages ... past the
text: second-floor gallery, jammed with appreciative spectators ... until it
text: SLOWS ... seems to HANG in the air... then starts its descent...
text: ... FALLING FASTER... towards Bill's waiting, STEADY HAND.
text: The Groper SCREAMS in fear. Bill SMILES confidently, holding his hand out
text: until ... just as smoothly, just as confidently...
text: ... he PULLS his hand AWAY and the cleaver FALLS with terrific impact on
text: the SPLAYED HAND of the Groper, cleanly SEVERING it at the wrist. The
text: Groper FAINTS dead away as a TREMENDOUS CHEER greets Bill's amazing feat.
text: One of the Natives TOSSES Bill the severed hand.
text: Bill SLIDES the ring off the finger and TOSSES it to the Chinese Dancer.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: There's for your beauty and your song.
text: The Dancer puts the ring on her finger and DANCES OFF. Bill TOSSES the
text: hand to the floor and walks back to his table. The Crowd PARTS, murmuring
text: compliments on his dexterity, and the Knife Kids reverently RETURN the
text: Butcher's implements.
text: Now two DOGS from the rat pit in the back room RUN through the crowd and
text: FIGHT FRENZIEDLY over possession of the bloody hand.
text: The Crowd PASSES the Groper overhead and WE SEE from ABOVE: the Groper's
text: unconscicus BODY being passed from hand to hand. The Crowd looks like a
text: wave bearing the body toward the door. The Groper's stump BLEEDS on them
text: as he passes overhead, sprinkling drops of blood and flesh like a moveable
dialog: sacrament.
text: Bill approaches his table, acknowledging the continuing adulation, and is
text: about to sit down when a VOICE rises above all others.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Mr. Poole!
text: Bill turns, searching out the voice ...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Bill Poole!
text: And SEES Amsterdam, standing at his own table. His attitude is calm,
text: smiling, respectful. But his eyes are demonic.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: My compliments on your exhibition, sir.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: It was like watching a dance.
dialog: (Bill nods his thanks)
text: Some great grand goddamned dance. (Bill looks at him more closely)
dialog: You know me, sir.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Do I? Are you missing a finger?
text: Appreciative laughter from the crowd.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No. A father.
text: The laughter turns a little uneasy. Bill the Butcher sizes up the younger
dialog: man.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Do you have a name?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Amsterdam.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: That's a New York name.
dialog: (suddenly smiles)
dialog: shall we drink to it?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Indeed.
dialog: (they drink)
dialog: And to my other name. Vallon. Will you drink to that?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Priest Vallon's son?
dialog: (Amsterdam nods)
dialog: Of course I'll drink to that. Your father was a worthy man.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Not worthy of you. Those dogs ain't worthy of you. You ain't worth what
dialog: they feed on, and what they shit's too good for you.
text: DEAD QUIET. Absolute. Breathless. Only the Chinese Gamblers at their
dialog: fan-tan ignore this confrontation.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: What do you want, boyo?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I got to give you something, Butcher. Something from my father.
text: Amsterdam PULLS OUT the piratels knife which Bill the Butcher used to kill
dialog: his father almost 12 years before.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You got the sand to draw a blade in front of me? You will make good sport.
dialog: Come ahead and give it here, you son of a bitch.
dialog: 
text: And Amsterdam THROWS the knife, the bright blade FLASHING OUT of his hand
dialog: like lightning.
text: And just as quickly the Buitcher PICKS UP his table, sending glasses
text: flying and breaking, using it as a SHIELD...
text: ... and the knife THUMPS into it dead center. The Butcher HEAVES the table
text: at Amsterdam...sending PATRONS yelling and SCATTERING.
text: Amsterdam LEAPS out of the way of the table, then RUNS AT Bill the
dialog: Butcher...
text: ... who's already coming for him. As they CLASH and GRAPPLE with each
dialog: other...
text: ... PATRONS all over the Pagoda crowd around for a good view of the action
text: and start to MAKE BETS on the outcome. The odds do not favor Amsterdam.
text: And neither does the fight. Amsterdam fights with real blood lust, but he
text: doesn't have the Butcher's skill, or experience, or dispassion. He breaks
text: the Butcher's CLINCH... HITS him once in the face... then a second time
text: ... and then gets FLOORED by a well placed kick. The Crowd cheers.
text: And, on the second floor, Jenny and Johnny come out of the room. Still
text: arranging her clothes, Jenny looks over the gallery rail onto the floor
text: below, sees the fight... and starts to RUN down the stairs. Johnny WATCHES
text: her go ... looks at the fight again, for a second... then follows Jenny to
dialog: the main floor.
text: The Butcher is on top of Amsterdam now. He HITS him upside the head with
text: the wood and brass handle of his cleaver. Then hits him again. AND AGAIN.
text: In the Crowd now, Jenny finds Sheeny Mike.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The Butcher'll kill him if we don't do something.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: It was Amsterdam's own doing. And it'll be our death too if we try to stop
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (finally catching up)
dialog: That's the truth.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The truth is you don't give a damn about him.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: Yeah, well, if he gave a damn about us he wouldn't have called out the
text: Butcher in the first place.
text: Jenny looks at him with contempt, then STARTS into the crowd. Johnny grabs
text: her ARM but she pushes him off.
text: On the floor, Bill uses the FLAT SIDE of the cleaver to SMACK the barely
text: conscious Amsterdam on one side of his face... then on the other...
text: REPEATEDLY... until Amsterdam is barely sensible. Bill grabs him by the
text: hair. Amsterdam's body is slack.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: What do you say? Loin or shank? Rib or chop?
text: The Crowd YELLS their choices. Jenny tries to PLUNGE through toward
text: Amsterdam, but a HALF-DOZEN MORTS and WHORES put hands on her and HOLD her
dialog: back.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Come on, let me hear you!
dialog: (the Crowd yells louder)
dialog: You're all talking at once, I can't hear you!
dialog: (a near frenzy)
dialog: I don't hear the choicest cut! The best, the vital!
dialog: (they quiet a little to listen)
dialog: The heart. I think I must have the heart!
text: This is greeted with the biggest CHEER of the night. The newlyelected
text: Mayor Wood seems to feel as if he should do something to stop the
text: slaughter, but Boss Tweed calms him with a single dismissive GESTURE. Even
text: the Boss himself is excited by the prospect of this ritual sacrifice.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Come on, look at it! You fancy yourself a gladiator, act a gladiator!
dialog: (raises his cleaver)
dialog: Watch the death blow when it comes to you. Go to hell with open eyes!
text: Bill the Butcher readies himself to deliver the blow... and a HAND GRABS
text: his wrist, STOPPING his arm.
text: Who would dare do this to Bill the Butcher? Bill turns, incredulous, to
dialog: look into...
text: ... the untroubled face of Monk Eastman.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: It's been a full evening's fun now, Butcher. It's enough.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You got nothing to do with this, Monk.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMKN
dialog: Well I'm the game warden, you might say. I'm telling you this buck's too
text: young yet. Wait till he's aged for a proper kill.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: The hell.
text: With his gigantic strength, Monk actually PULLS the Butcher off Amsterdam
text: and onto his feet.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMKN
dialog: Just settle yourself Bill ...
text: ... and he part SHOVES, part THROWS Bill back a good twenty feet.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMKN
dialog: ... and let the merrymaking continue.
text: The Dead Rabbits have scampered forward, and they're picking Amsterdam up
text: off the floor. Monk looks at Jenny and Johnny, who each have Amsterdam by
text: an arm.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: It was his father took me in first, and it's thanks I'm returning now.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Eastman!
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: (ignoring Bill)
dialog: This squares any debt. Get him out of here.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Monk Eastman!
text: As the Rabbits CARRY Amsterdam toward the door, Monk finally turns his
text: attention back to Bill.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I'll have you then!
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Come ahead, Bill. Unless you're wanting to shout me to death.
text: And Bill comes forward, BRANDISHING his cleaver. Monk Eastman stands his
text: ground, unmoving, untroubled. Everyone looks on in awe at this contest ...
dialog: ... except Boss Tweed.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (to Killoran)
dialog: If these two are going to combat, it aught to be a worthier occasion. And
dialog: more rewarding for all.
text: Tweed SIGNALS to Bill: STOP. The Butcher sees the signal but can't believe
text: it. He SHAKES his head. His blood is up. He won't stop.
text: Tweed SIGNALS AGAIN. Bill KEEPS COMING.
text: Tweed signals Killoran, who STANDS himself. And, when he stands, every COP
text: and TAMMANY LOYALIST in the place--a hundred of them anyway--STAND behind
dialog: Boss Tweed.
text: As Bill keeps coming, and Monk stands easy, waiting...
text: ... the Natives and their ALLIES now stand, facing the Tammany crew. The
text: Tammany backers, dressed flush and fancy, face the scruffier, more savage
dialog: Five Points bunch: the twin factions of the criminal underworld, so
text: different in style and so similar in purpose, SIZE EACH OTHER UP from
text: opposite sides of the room.
text: Bill STOPS. The odds are shifting, the stakes are climbing. Even the
text: Chinese STOP GAMBLING. For the first time all evening the room is
text: absolutely STILL. Even the Dead Rabbits have turned, at the door, to see
dialog: what will happen.
text: Tweed and the Butcher LOCK EYES: neither blinks. Then after a moment ... a
text: very long moment ... a calm, bemused Tweed RAISES his glass.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I only wanted to thank you, Bill, for the customary good job today... and
dialog: an equally bright future for us both.
text: Another pause. Bill does not look placated. The whole place seems ready to
dialog: explode...
text: ... until Boss Tweed RISES to his feet, and RAISES his glass higher.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Will you drink with me, Bill, as a friend? An honored friend.
text: Bill weighs the proposition... then looks to his men, NODS his head to
text: call them off. He GRABS a glass off a table to join Tweed's toast.
text: The MUSIC begins again. The gambling recommences. Patrons take their
text: seats. The Dead Rabbits help Amsterdam out the door.
text: Monk Eastman sidles up to Bill the Butcher.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: If there's one thing I can't abide, it's fighting for free.
text: He takes the Butcher's glass from his hand, raises it in salute, DRINKS
text: DEEP and hands it back to him.
text: At the door of the Pagoda, a badly beaten Ansterdam starts FLAILING and
text: fighting by brute instinct. He HITS Jenny, and she goes down. Johnny
text: grapples with him as Jenny PICKS HERSELF up and struggles to help SUBDUE
dialog: Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Go easy! Go easy. It's over.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He knew what he was doing, hitting you.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Let's get him up.
text: She grabs Amsterdam's arm and, with Johnny's help, tries to HOIST him back
text: to his feet.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (Looking at Amsterdam's bloody face)
text: Therels too damn little of him left to know anything.
text: They start across Paradise Square, holding him up...
text: ... as the rest of the Dead Rabbits join to help them... all growing
text: smaller in the distance against the primeval nighttime landscape of the
dialog: Five Points...
text: ... and the Bouncer CLOSES the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 66 INT. DON WHISKERANDOS BARBER SHOP DAY
text: Another DOOR OPENS, and Amsterdam stands on the threshold. A week or so
text: has passed since the big night at Sparrow's Pagoda, but Amsterdam's face
text: still shows the marks of Bill's beating.
text: Don Whiskerandos is ministering to Monk Eastman with a straight razor,
text: giving him a close and careful shave. Monk is thoroughly relaxed, doesn't
text: even glance over when the door opens, hardly reacts when Don Whiskerandos
dialog: says ....
speaker_heading: DON WHISKERANDOS
dialog: Someone's here for you.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: That so? What's he look like?
speaker_heading: DON WHISKERANDOS
dialog: He looks pretty damned sorry.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: (looks at Amsterdam)
dialog: Indeed.- Can I buy you a shave?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Face is too sore, eh? I understand.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No. I'm beholden enough to you as it is. I don't like to be beholden.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: We're all even, son. There's nothing more between us.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I'd like it if there was.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Are you proposing employment?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: A collaboration. The Dead Rabbits got to get strong before we make another
dialog: move. I figure you're the one to make us strong. There's a lot we can
dialog: learn from you.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Boyo, I'm a freebooter and a mercenary, not a teacher. I can't learn
dialog: nothing from you and I can't earn nothing from you either.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: The Dead Rabbits is going to be glorious again. We're going to reign over
dialog: the Points.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: And Bill Poole's Natives? What will they have to say?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Nothing. They won't have tongues left to speak.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Don't worry about what theylll have in their mouths. You think about what
dialog: they got in their hands.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Listen, son... take a word from a man who was honored to fight beside your
dialog: father. Temper yourself like a sword, and pay attention to balance. Anger
text: spoils an edge.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Then you say no?
text: Monk SIGHS and points to a huge WAR CLUB which hangs in a place of honor
text: above the shop mirror. It has deep marks running along its front, like
speaker_heading: NOTCHES-
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: You see my instrument there? First notch represents two dollars and fifty
dialog: cents. That's how much I got for my first kill. There are forty-eight more
dialog: notches after it, and my fee has grown with each one. I can accommodate
dialog: you alright, but you got to afford me. So do business with me or do it on
dialog: your own.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Everything I got is still to come. So I guess it's on my own, then.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Fair enough. You'll find independence a fine thing, a fierce thing.
dialog: Although I do hold money preferable to all.
dialog: (Amsterdam turns to leave)
dialog: But I'm sure we'll have news of each other.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Bound to.
text: As he shuts the door of the shop, Monk Eastman gestures to Don
text: Whiskerandos for another hot towel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 67 EXT. STREETS OFF PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: A large wagon bearing a Tammany banner and carrying dozens of small sacks
text: of coal moves slowly down the narrow street. Boss Tweed sits on the front
text: seat, next to the driver, as his minions HAND him coal sacks. Tweed
text: distributes them with a smile to the NEEDY who trot next to the wagon.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (to the people as they grab the coal)
dialog: Tammany's here to take the chill off the winter and the weight off your
dialog: heart. It's Tammany can make this city a fit place, with the help and vote
dialog: of all you good people...
text: As he continues, Bill the Butcher JUMPS onto the wagon and sits down
text: beside him. Boss Tweed hardly gives him a glance.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You sent me word.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: We could use help here. Grab a sack.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I keep my hands clean.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
text: (now he looks at him)
dialog: So I've observed.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (tense)
dialog: Better be on your mark to talk like that to me. It was you stopped me at
dialog: the Pagoda. I would have cut Monk inside out.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: What if you hadn't? Think of the embarrassment. And what if you had?
dialog: Consider the waste. Next time you're in a dust-up like that, think ahead
dialog: and make proper plans. It'd be a grand source of revenue, whoever prevails.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: It touches my heart how you always. have our best interests in mind.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Our mutual interests. That's why I want you to contact Monk Eastman.
dialog: (Bill's incredulous)
dialog: I want you to extend a proposition. I want him to join US.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Oh, not Tammany, of course not. We could no more have him there than you.
dialog: But he should throw in with the Native Americans, become aware of our
dialog: Arrangement and ... well, use his influence, shall we say, to enrich us
dialog: all.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You're saying I can't do everything you need? You don't think the Natives
dialog: has been doing good and right? You think there's something more he can do
dialog: that I ...
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: It's none of that, Bill. None of that. His independence is like a rebuke
dialog: to Tammany. And an insult to you.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Then you should have let me have him at Sparrow's.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I should. If I'd been confident-absolutely certain--that you would have
text: prevailed. Monk is an unpredictable power, and a figure of size. He needs
dialog: to be reckoned with.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: He needs to be killed.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: No. He's an elemental force. Them you don't destroy. But you can contain
dialog: them and use them for the good they give off.
text: He hands Bill a sack of coal.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Coal?
text: Bill doesn't answer. He HOPS DOWN off the moving wagon, and the Needy give
text: way quickly before him, then regroup and SWARM after Tweed and his coal.
text: The Boss continues with his Tammany spiel-enjoying all the attention--as
text: the Butcher watches, disdainful of Tweed but filled with angry
dialog: frustration. From his face we ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 68 INT. DON WHISKERA.NDOS BARBER SHOP DAY
text: ... the incredulous face of Monk Eastman, as he looks at Bill the Butcher.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: And this is your offer?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: It's Boss Tweedls offer.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: How do you think we'd sit as allies, Bill?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: The only way we could tolerate being near each other would be stretched
text: out dead.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: My thoughts exactly. Then why are you here? Because you were asked to be.
dialog: You were ordered to be. And who would order me among the Natives? You? And
dialog: would you follow my orders, even if they was being relayed from William
dialog: Marcy Tweed himself?
text: He EASES himself out of the barber chair. The Butcher TENSES as Monk comes
text: toward him.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Dubious and doubtful, my friend. But your offer--pardon, the offer you
dialog: bring--is the most generous that's ever been extended. I favor the terms,
dialog: if not the personalities. So let us decide the way any Native American
dialog: would appreciate. We'll do it the democratic way.
text: He throws open the door of the barber shop and stands there, beside Bill
text: the Butcher, his arm thrown carelessly around him. PASSERSBY stop in
text: wonderment as Monk ADDRESSES them.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Citizens of the Five Points! It seems the Native Americans have come to
dialog: trouble. They have grown so weak that now they seek my help. They can pay
dialog: any wage I ask. But I ask you now. Even for money, should I carouse and
text: conspire alongside a boyo like this with gristle on his knife and spittle
dialog: on his chin every time his cock gets hard?
text: Monk is beaming, the Butcher is appalled. His body tenses like a snake
text: ready to spring. But the people in the street just STARE- They can't
dialog: believe what they've just heard.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: There. You see. I'm afraid the people have spoken.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I'll see you again, you bog Irish bastard.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Well, if it's a fight you want now, Bill, remember to come back with a
dialog: bankroll.
text: Monk returns to the shop and the comfort of his chair. Bill GLARES at the
text: people in the street. One lock from him starts them moving fast. But they
text: do not look away from him quite so fast, or at him, either, with quite the
dialog: same fear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 69 INT. MISSION (FORMERLY OLD BREWERY) NIGHT
text: The vast main room has been changed into a dance floor and decorated for
text: the evening. An altar has been hung with bunting; SHIP'S LANTERNS and
text: CANDLES illuminate the place. The REVEREND SHADRACH RALEIGH GREETS
text: everyone. The room, already crowded with CELEBRANTS of all ages, grows
text: quiet as the Dead Rabbits, done up in their party best, show up for the
dialog: revelry.
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
dialog: Ah, the Native Americans, is it now?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Are they coming?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We don't want a ruckus, minister.
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
dialog: Nor do I. I intended no disrespect. I'd heard the Native Americans were
dialog: figures of the greatest prominence here.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Indeed they are, just for the moment. Let them come. Happy to have them.
dialog: Everyone's welcome in a house of God, isn't that right, Reverend?
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
dialog: As all are welcome in heaven.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: Ild like to go to heaven. Ild like to go to heaven and bite off Gabriells
dialog: ear.
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
dialog: You're still welcome, even with such peculiar appetites.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: But if the Natives do come, Father...
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
dialog: I'm not a priest, son ...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: ... there's no accounting for what may follow.
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
dialog: I'm sure God's hand will guide us in that. Just as He guided you here at
text: the right perfect time, with a right perfect regent. The young lady with
dialog: the sunset hair. Miss ...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Everdeane. Jenny Everdeane.
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
dialog: Miss Everdeane. Step forward, please.
text: Radiant and curious, Jenny joins the Reverend Raleigh in the center of the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
text: And the evening's regent chooses her evening's partner.
text: There is much MUTTERING about this from everyone. Someone makes a wet,
text: farting SOUND.
scene_heading: REVERAND RALEIGH
dialog: (unfazed)
dialog: Here we make only joyful noises to the Lord.
text: Under the instruction of the bustling Reverend and his HELPERS, the Women
text: skeptically stand away from the Men, who allow themselves to be arranged
text: into a LINE. The Reverend Raleigh escorts the delighted Jenny to a chair
text: that has been placed, by itself, in the center of the room. Jenny sits
text: down, facing away from the rest of the guests. She holds a MIRROR in her
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
dialog: Now. The men, please. One by one.
text: The first volunteer Reverend Raleigh brings forward is a reluctant Sheeny
text: Mike. There are RUDE COMMENTS as he leads Mike slowly to the center of the
text: room, coming up behind Jenny until she can see Mikels face reflected in
text: the mirror. She SHAKES her head.
scene_heading: REVEREND RALEIGH
dialog: Next Gentleman, please.
text: More laughing. The BOYS push out one CANDIDATE. Rejected.
text: Now ANOTHER CANDIDATE comes forward. And STILL ANOTHER- Jenny rejects each
text: with the composure of a princess.
text: Now it is Johnny's turn. He WALKS slowly across the big room, and stands
text: behind Jenny, trying to look confident. The moment is long, the room's
text: tense... until--just once but very decisively-Jenny SHAKES her head.
text: Jenny watches Johnny's face in the mirror. She stays still. Finally, he
text: walks back to the GANG.
text: Now Amsterdam starts toward the center of the room. He keeps his eyes
text: fixed on Jenny.
text: Jenny catches Amsterdam's reflection in the mirror. He STOPS. She NODS her
dialog: head. Yes. Him.
text: A small BAND strikes up a barely recognizable version of "A Mighty
text: Fortress Is Our God," arranged in waltz time. Jenny rises and holds out
text: her arms to Amsterdam. They start to DANCE, a little clumsily, as other
text: COUPLES join them.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: So you accept?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You accept to be my mort and no one else's.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: No, it's just that I didn't recognize you in the mirror. You still got
dialog: some of the face the Butcher gave you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (going along with the joke)
text: It's not the Butcher, it's the dancing. It shifts my face all around.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Maybe you'll look better later.
text: The Reverend Raleigh and his Helpers DASH among the dancers, distributing
text: LIGHTED CANDLES, which the COUPLES take and hold as they move around the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I will if we're together later.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: And what about after that? After tonight?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I chose you just for tonight. If that's not good enough I'll go with
text: someone else.
text: She takes a candle from the Reverend and holds it so the light FLICKERS on
text: Amsterdam's face.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I'll have tonight. But after this don't come to me no more till you're
dialog: ready. No more.
text: His eyes, in the candlelight, show both his love and his Resolution. Jenny
text: NODS and they DANCE AWAY ...
text: ... losing themselves now among the dancers, all moving and holding
text: candles. As they dance, their movement becomes SPLIT, SEQUENTIAL, a study
text: in motion like an old Gjon Mili photograph. Their bodies create a RUSH OF
text: YELLOW LIGHT ACROSS the screen like the tail of a comet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 70 INT- DEAD RABBITS HOUSE NIGHT
text: In the hallway. JOHNNY stands pressed against a door.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Amsterdam.
dialog: (louder; hissing)
dialog: Amsterdam!
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM (V.O.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Come on in.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I don't want to come in! You come out.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Just a damn minute.
text: AMSTERDAM comes to the door, half-dressed and sleepy. We see Jenny asleep
text: on the floor inside.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 71 EXT. PIER/DEAD RABBITS HOUSE NIGHT
text: Just before dawn. The streets are empty, the river is quiet. AMSTERDAM
text: follows JOHNNY out of the house.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I'm going to fight you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Oh, Jesus, Johnny, I'm tired. How about sometime else?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You want to tell me what this fight's over? Is it The Butcher? Jenny?
dialog: (Johnny turns, determined)
dialog: Alright, alright. Then tell me why like this?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: So when I lose no one will see.
text: And he SLUGS him. Hard. Harder even than he thought he could. AMSTERDAM
text: stumbles, stunned, then pulls himself up. And CHARGES at Johnny, knocking
dialog: him down.
text: The two friends PUNCH, WRESTLE, BITE and PUMMEL EACH OTHER with such
dialog: extravagant energy that they soon...
dialog: ... ROLL OFF the pier...
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 72 EXT. PIER DAWN
text: ... onto the muddy ground underneath the pier. They LAND with a shuddering
text: SPLASH in the soggy earth, but they keep fighting ....
text: ... as a PACK OF ORPHANS, eyes glinting like night animals, scatter like
text: wild beasts disturbed in their burrow.
text: Amsterdam has the physical advantage, and more skill. But Johnny has the
text: fury. All the feeling and the frustration rain out of him physically,
text: making the match nearly even.
text: The Orphan Pack watches the fight silently, showing no favoritism or
text: emotion, just an edge of curiosity.
text: Amsterdam HITS Johnny a wicked combination that makes him SINK to one knee
dialog: in the mud. But Johnny will not go down. Amsterdam, hurt himself, just
text: stares at Johnny in wonderment.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Satisfied?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Satisfied? It wasn't me that's been dancing and shagging all night.
text: And he pulls himself to his feet and THROWS a roundhouse at Amsterdam, who
text: half-staggers out of the way. The moment throws Johnny off balance, and he
text: falls in the mud again, this time on all fours. Amsterdam SINKS down
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Enough.
text: Johnny won't stop: he throws a punch that Amsterdam can see coming a block
text: away. But he's too tired too duck; or maybe he's just fed up. He takes the
text: punch and FALLS on his back.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: That's it then.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: The hell.
text: And he THROWS HIMSELF on Amsterdam. It's more like he rolls over onto him
text: than anything, but he's on top of him now, hitting him in the face with
dialog: all he's got left in him.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Goddamn it.
text: Amsterdam HEAVES Johnny off and pops him a solid SWIPE to the jaw. That
text: does it. Lights out. Johnny falls unconscious into the slime beneath the
dialog: pier.
text: The Orphan Pack keeps staring from the shadow with their ferret eyes.
text: Still silent. Amsterdam STRUGGLES to his feet, stops at the river's edge
text: to get a handful of water to revive himself. Then he looks over, sees his
text: unconscious friend.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Goddamn you anyway.
text: He grabs Johnny's body by the shoulders and pulls him to the river's edge.
text: He gets some water on his hand, lets it drip over Johnny's face, washing
text: away a little of the blood. Not enough. He draws some more water, and RUBS
text: it gently onto Johnny's face.
text: CLOSE: on the motion of his hand. It is nearly gentle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 73 INT. DON WHISKERANDOS BARBER SHOP DAY
text: As Don Whiskerandos' hand, holding a razor, travels over the great plains
text: of Monk Eastman's face. His hand is shaking.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: What's the trouble, Don?
speaker_heading: DON WHISKERANDOS
dialog: There's someone here.
text: Monk bestirs himself in the chair, SEES: Bill the Butcher, standing in the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: It's just a man of commerce.
text: Monk settles back in the chair as Bill the Butcher walks into the shop.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You're right enough this time, Monk.
dialog: (to Don Whiskerandos)
dialog: Go ahead.
dialog: (the barber hesitates)
dialog: Go on with your work. I'll finish my business.
text: Don Whiskerandos picks up a pair of SCISSORS and NERVOUSLY starts to TRIM
text: Monk's hair.
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: Come out with it then.
text: Bill NODS emphatically at Don Whiskerandos, who is clearly terrified. Bill
text: nods again, almost vehemently. Don Whiskerandos SHAKES his head. Bill
text: GLARES at him. The Barber takes a STEP BACK. Monk opens his eyes, starts
dialog: to size up the situation.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You damn craven, do it!
text: Bill LEAPS forward, grabs the trembling barber's arm and pushes it toward
text: MONK...
speaker_heading: MONK EASTMAN
dialog: (rising from his chair)
dialog: What the hell...
text: ...and the scissors, held by Don Whiskerandos and pushed by Bill the
text: Butcher, meet Monk full in the face as he bolts from the chair. The long
text: scissor BLADE SINKS into Monkls right eye.
text: MONK BELLOWS, staggers toward Don Whiskerandos, who shrinks against the
text: wall. The scissor protrudes from Monk's eye as he RAGES, blinded by blood,
dialog: now reaching out for the Butcher
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Your eyes was open for that alright. And you still got one to see this.
text: Bill the Butcher reaches above him for Monk's war club, which hangs on the
text: wall. He grabs tight hold of it and, with Monk nearly upon him, swings it
text: viciously at Monk's head. The BLOW sends the scissor FLYING out of Monk's
text: eye, with the eyeball still attached. It also SMASHES in the side of
text: Monk's face. He FALLS, still GRABBING desperately for the Butcher...
text: ... who now stands over him, beating him incessantly with the war club.
text: CAVING his head in. KILLING him.
text: Don Whiskerandos looks at Bill in a virtual paralysis of terror. The
text: Butcher lets the CLUB FALL, reaches in his pocket and throws some MONEY at
dialog: the barber.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: If I was you I'd use that to open in a new location. Consider St. Louis.
text: The enormity of what he's done is beginning to sink in. He turns to leave
text: the shop ... but STOPS in the doorway.
text: Outside, CITIZENS of the Points are staring at the fallen Monk in mute
text: wonder. They have just witnessed a moment in history.
text: Bill the Butcher surveys them all silently, then calls out to Don
dialog: Whiskerandos.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: The war club.
text: The barber steels himself to CARRY the bloody club to the Butcher, who
text: hefts it slowly in his hands, in view of all.
text: He takes a knife from his vest, and CUTS the LAST NOTCH in the club. Then,
dialog: slowly...
text: ... he steps down into the crowd, which PARTS before him. He
text: walks among them in regal splendor, the war club at his side, dripping
dialog: gore.
text: As the crowd falls back, Bill spots Amsterdam, Johnny and some of the
text: other Dead Rabbits, watching his every mave. He STOPS.
dialog: 
text: HOLDS OUT the bloody war club in front of him... straight in front of
text: him... POINTING IT right at Amsterdam.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I promise you, Amsterdam. I promise you.
text: Then he grins, turns away and walks through the crowd: prince of all he
dialog: surveys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 74 INT. RESTAURANT/PARK ROW
text: Boss Tweed reigns in the banquet room of a vast, gaslit restaurant, at a
text: long table overburdened with food. Seated along both sides of the table is
text: an array of the city's POWER BROKERS, with whom Tweed and his Tammany
text: MINIONS mix easily. Their attitude toward the Power Brokers is a mixture
text: of ribald fawning and fine condescension; the Power Brokers, in turn,
text: enjoy the food, and the MUSIC from a small BAND, and the DANCING GIRLS who
text: flirt and entertain them, while exuding the unmistakable impression of
text: amateur anthropologists exploring a decaying civilization.
text: Tweed is courting and joking with a bewhiskered HORACE GREELEY, editor of
dialog: the influential Tribune.
speaker_heading: GREELEY
dialog: I may enjoy the bounty of your table and the pleasures of your company,
dialog: Mr. Tweed ...
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: And the pleasures of the company provided you, Mr. Greeley.
speaker_heading: GREELEY
dialog: ...without the Tribune endorsing your politics.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I suppose you can at that. Take with one hand, flay with the other.
dialog: Virtuels on your conscience, Horace, but Tammany's in your heart.
text: Killoran materializes at Tweed's side and whispers something quickly,
text: discreetly in his ear. Tweed EXCUSES himself, rises quickly and WALKS
text: across the restaurant floor...
dialog: ... past the Band and the Dancing Giris ...
text: ... to the swinging doors of the kitchen. As he pushes open the SWINGING
text: DOOR, his face has lost its humor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 75 INT. KITCHEN/RESTAURANT/PARK ROW
text: A madhouse of activity. WAITERS in black suits, vests and serving outfits
text: STREAM by carrying huge TRAYS of food while the KITCHEN STAFF works
text: double-time to keep up with the unceasing volume.
text: As Boss Tweed walks in, Bill the Butcher PLUCKS a piece of roasted poultry
text: off a tray as it's carried out the door.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I'm not good enough for your table, so I eat where I can. (takes a big
dialog: bite)
dialog: It's good, what is it?
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Pheasant.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Is that like pigeon? I killed a pigeon once but it didn't taste nothing
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: You killed a bull this morning. I told you to make an Arrangement with
dialog: him, and you come back with his blood on your hands.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (chewing his food)
dialog: He insulted me. He aggravated me. I couldn't stand for that, for no one.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: You stand for anything if I tell you.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You think I should be afraid of you. You act like lightning strikes when
dialog: you talk.
text: As they talk, and the tension builds between them, the two men are
text: constantly BUFFETED by the swinging doors and the unending stream of
speaker_heading: WAITERS.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I never was afraid of you, so don't think I was or act like I was, you
dialog: ain't earned it.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: What did you earn us, killing Monk?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Where'd you earn the right to ask that question? You raised some dust in
dialog: the streets a while back, but no more. You got power but you ain't got
dialog: muscle and you ain't got a notion what it means to be a warrior.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I see it lost you a lot of God's sense, along with that eye.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You don't know nothing about that! It was my doing! It says in The Book,
dialog: "If thy eye offend thee, pluck it out." I followed that law with my own
dialog: knife and hand. The first I ever fought Priest Vallon, he bested me. And
text: when he came to bring me to death, I looked away and he watched me and he
dialog: let me go. The shame was worse than the killing. I would have cut out both
dialog: eyes if I could still have fought, but cutting just the one gave me heart.
dialog: When I killed Priest Vallon, that restored me. Now I sent Monk Eastman
dialog: over I got glory. I got all there is, and small thanks to you, squire.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (measured, conciliatory) You need two eyes to see the depth, Bill. That's
dialog: how we help each other. If it wasn't for me would be happy enough to
dialog: plunder the Points and put the fear into people who don't know nothing
dialog: else. But Bill, I'm only saying... I'm counselinm... look in the distance.
dialog: You want to sit at my table, fine. But you must always remember who the
dialog: host is. It's not a matter of courage welre talking. It's manners.
text: Bill grabs another piece of food from a tray.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Howls these manners?
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Fine, if you're hungry.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I'm always hungry.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I've always told you, Bill. There's plenty for all, and more for us
dialog: together than separate. We'll dine together sometime.
text: Bill the Butcher nods, appeased, and leaves, swaggering his way through
text: the kitchen chaos, making everyone get out of his way. Boss Tweed watches
text: him go, his expression changing from bemused appeasement to molten rage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 76 INT. RESTAURANT/PARK ROW
text: Later. Everyone's gone except some WAITERS, cleaning up, and Boss Tweed
text: and Daniel Killoran, who sit at the end of the banquet table. Leftover
text: plates of food have been massed at Tweedls place and, as he talks, he
text: PICKS from them.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Let me put this to you, Daniel. Now that the Butcher has killed the single
text: most prominent figure in the Five Points--a man of myth and moment--who is
dialog: there to take his place?
dialog: (as Killoran starts to answer)
dialog: Of course. Then what do we do about the Butcher? He's too useful to be
text: killed, but he must be checked.
speaker_heading: KILLARAN
dialog: It could be a police matter.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Impossible! Any cops who might have the mettle to go against the Butcher
dialog: have blood ties to the gangs. They can't be trusted. And any cops that can
dialog: be trusted are too craven to be any use. If Bill's to be checked, it must
dialog: come from within the Points, not without.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: The Dead Rabbits did a proud job for elections. That Amsterdam boy has
dialog: sand.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: That so? The last time I saw him he was under the Butcher's knife looking
dialog: like a fine filet. Who else is there?
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: Well, the Rough and Tumble Boys over to Slaughterhouse Point. There's
text: Country McCleesterls bunch, too, and the Plug Uglies, but there's none
dialog: that have the promise of the Dead Rabbits, or the stake, neither.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: What would that be?
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
text: The boy Amsterdam has a blood feud with the Butcher. He's sworn revenge
dialog: for the death of his father, and he's got the heart to carry it forward.
dialog: He'll have the skill and power soon enough.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Blood will make a man intrepid. Bring them along, then. Nurture the
text: Rabbits with neglect. Let them roam where they like.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: And if they roam into some portion of our own revenues?
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I'd tolerate a little trespassing if it was for a higher good and use.
dialog: They'll cross with the Natives soon enough and keep each other occupied.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: Bill's got to be a lot more than occupied.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I'll hold Bill in check. If he becomes unwieldy ... well, damn it all,
dialog: Daniel, I might just have to oil up my old musket. What do you think of
dialog: that, eh?
text: Boss Tweed gets up from the table. A WAITER is DIMMING the gaslights,
text: filling the room with deep shadows.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: It'd be gratifying, Mr. Tweed. Even edifying.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: But poor politics, eh? Well, we musn't have that.
dialog: (as he walks away)
dialog: I do miss those roistering days, though. Oh, and bring some of that food
dialog: for the canaries.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 77 EXT. STREET/THE BLOODY ANGLE DAY
text: The sharply-angled turn of Doyers Street, nicknamed "The Bloody Angle."
text: SOUND of a horse and cart as we see a row of UPTURNED mostly WOMEN and
scene_heading: YOUNG CHILDREN.
text: A NATIVE AMERICAN drives a cart carrying large barrels of MILK. A SECOND
text: NATIVE rides beside him on the seat, holding a rifle, looking impassively
text: at the faces turned up to him. A WOMAN holding a BABY in one arm and a
text: CHILD by the hand steps in front of them. They almost run her down.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: We ain't had no milk this week.
speaker_heading: NATIVE 2
dialog: You can have as much as you can pay for.
dialog: (to crowd)
dialog: Anyone that's got the ned, step up with your pitchers. Any not, come back
dialog: when you do.
text: The Woman gives her children to other WOMEN in the crowd and advances
text: toward the wagon. Native 2 cocks his rifle...
text: ... and Jenny steps from the watchful Crowd.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I got ned enough for all. See? Fair enough?
text: She holds her hand out as she WALKS slowly toward the milk wagon. She's
text: carrying a huge fistful of GLEAMING COINS. The Natives on the wagon watch
dialog: her warily...
text: ... and are JUMPED from behind by a couple of Dead Rabbits. Amsterdam
text: grabs a milk pitcher from a WOMAN in the crowd, AXES open the spigot on a
text: milk barrel and FILLS the pitcher to overflowing. Jenny JUMPS up on the
dialog: wagon seat.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (to Amsterdam)
dialog: What's our rate? What do we charge?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Johnny worked it out to a nickel less than the Natives. Just till we're
dialog: established. Then we raise it a penny more than now.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Raise it? Is that what you want?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You say, then.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (beat; then, to Crowd) There'll be no paying at all this day. Or this
dialog: week, neither. This is Dead Rabbits business from now on.
text: The Crowd scrambles for milk and the Rabbits try to keep ORDER.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (to Crowd)
dialog: We'll take ned if you got it, now or in future. But no one will go without.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (to Jenny)
dialog: Except us. You opening a charity?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: They'll pay us what they owe, in loyalty if not in cash. Tammany gives
dialog: coal, we give milk.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: They can afford it.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Can't we?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 78 INT. MOTHER JOYCE'S BORDELLO DAY
text: The midday sun shining through the windows makes the place look tatty and
text: slightly desperate: this is a place that needs low light and long shadows
dialog: to look good.
text: Amsterdam and Johnny are at a long bar, talking to Mother Joyce, a beefy,
text: wised-up woman with pornographic tattoos an both forearms.
speaker_heading: MOTHER JOYCE
dialog: This place is so clean it's the next thing to chaste. And safe as a
dialog: convent, too.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: From the Natives, maybe. But not from us.
speaker_heading: MOTHER JOYCE
dialog: You're saying I got to worry about your mob too?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: No worries at all. You throw in with the Dead Rabbits and we'll worry
dialog: about the Natives.
text: Across the room, Jenny is sitting talking to a few of the WHORES, one of
text: whom is a mixed-blood Eurasian with long black hair named Emma Loss. She
text: gets up lazily and heads for the bar. As she passes a DRUNK, he reaches
text: out to grab her. She's used to this, and she knocks his hand away. He
text: keeps after her.
text: At the bar, Mother Joyce notices Emma being hassled, but pays no
dialog: attention: her girls can take care of themselves.
speaker_heading: MOTHER JOYCE
dialog: (to Amsterdam and Johnny)
dialog: And if someone else comes along, do I pay them too?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You only pay us. We see you safe from everyone.
text: Johnny has been watching the drunk bothering Emma Loss. Without saying
text: anything to Amsterdam or Mother Joyce, Johnny LEAVES the bar, walks over
text: to the drunk and SHOVES him away.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Leave off her. She don't want you. Not even if you could pay her.
speaker_heading: EMMA LOSS
dialog: Hey, just a minute.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to Emma)
dialog: He can't pay. I can pay.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (watching this)
dialog: Maybe I should offer Johnny as a bouncer for your busy nights.
speaker_heading: MOTHER JOYCE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: A bouncer! I don't know if he could bounce on a feather bed. He wants to
dialog: be a character like you, is that it?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
text: He's got his own ideas. Too full of Tammany, maybe, but he's a fast friend.
text: Across the room, Johnny is talking to Emma Loss. She NODS and starts to
text: LEAD him upstairs.
speaker_heading: MOTHER JOYCE
dialog: But in my trade you go on your instincts. My instincts says to heed you,
dialog: and my memory of your father says I'm right. We'll shake on it.
dialog: (Amsterdam grabs her hand)
dialog: And have one of my best to seal the bargain. Megs!
text: A lanky blonde, seated across the room near Jenny, bestirs herself.
speaker_heading: MOTHER JOYCE
dialog: Come here and show my new friend why we're worth special care.
text: Jenny watches MEGS move toward Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 79 INT. ASSIGNATION ROOM/MOTHER JOYCE'S
text: Big enough to contain a half-gutted mattress supported by a rickety bed,
text: some worn sheets and a few GUTTERING CANDLES.
text: Johnny undresses as Emma sits on the bed and starts to take off her dress.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You liked that old man? You would have gone with him?
speaker_heading: EMMA LOSS
dialog: I like anyone that pays, that's all.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Tell me what he wanted you to do.
speaker_heading: EMMA LOSS
dialog: He mostly wanted comforting.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I never seen hair so black. Can you take the pins out?
speaker_heading: EMMA LOSS
text: It takes so long to do back up.
text: He sits beside her and starts slowly, almost tenderly, to remove the pins.
speaker_heading: 79 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Did your mother have the same color?
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
text: (as the hair cascades over her bare shoulders)
dialog: Lie back, I want to look at you.
text: (his eyes glide along her body)
dialog: What's that mark?
speaker_heading: EMMA LOSS
dialog: I always had it.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (touching her lightly)
dialog: And there? Is that a scar?
speaker_heading: EMMA LOSS
text: (she looks at her naked belly)
text: There was a baby. They cut it out.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: And that on your shoulder? That looks old.
speaker_heading: EMMA LOSS
dialog: Yeah, I got that when I ...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (interrupting, quiet)
dialog: I don't want to know when. Don't tell me about before or what you used to
dialog: be, I don't want that.
speaker_heading: EMMA LOSS
dialog: What about your scars. Do you have scars?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: None I ever seen. Maybe you can find them.
text: Her hands and mouth cover his body. He closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 80 INT. ASSIGNATION ROOM/MOTHER JOYCEIS
text: Another room. Amsterdam and Megs are undressing each other when Jenny
text: walks in.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Go on. I can see you later.
text: Megs leaves, brushing past Jenny.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I couldn't decline what Mother Joyce offered. It's in the interests of
dialog: business. You understand business.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Sure I do. But there's something else I still don't understand. At
dialog: Sparrow's Pagoda, did you hit me, knowing it was me?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Yeah. I did.
text: She HITS him. In the face. Hard. Not a slap. A solid PUNCH. His nose
text: starts to gush blood. He puts his arm under it to staunch the flow,
text: keeping his eyes an her.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: Meantime's over.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Oh fine. That's fine. I'd be celebrating but I'm losing too much blood.
text: Jenny tears part of the sleeve from her blouse and puts it against his
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Put your head back.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: That don't work.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Put your head back I said.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (as she tends to him)
dialog: So why so sudden, then?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Sudden? Every day I see you and you complain I can't decide. Now I decide,
dialog: you say it's sudden.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: It's the whore did it, then.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't flatter yourself.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: It's because you're jealous.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It's because you didn't lie about hitting me.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Christ, I wish I had. Come here, then.
text: He reaches to pull her down on the bed.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Not here. There's too much past.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 81 INT. ROOM/DEAD RABBIT HOUSE
text: The room where Johnny fetched Amsterdam out for the fight. Amsterdam and
dialog: Jenny have just made love.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It must be morning.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I don't care, I'm not getting up.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: This is what you meant, then? It's going to be just the same from now on?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Every morning I wake up next to you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Or you don't wake up at all.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We only just started in and you're already threatening me.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: It's not a threat.
dialog: (no teasing now)
dialog: It's a declaration of love.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I prefer my kind. This kind.
text: She reaches beneath the pillow and pulls out a fine DIAMOND RING, which
text: she slips on his finger. Amsterdam reacts with surprise, gratitude and (of
dialog: course) suspicion.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What's this? Where'd you get this?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You said I was the best thief in the Five Points. But I got
dialog: restless. Will you wear something I got?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 82 EXT- UPTOWN STREET DAY
text: A long street of tree-shaded houses. Spacious lawns. North of the Five
text: Points. Considerably north. This is the first time we have been outside
text: the Five Points and Paradise Square. The city
dialog: rent place.
text: Jenny and Amsterdam stand near a residence at the end of the street.
text: Amsterdam, dressed in a suit, can't quite conceal his wonder as he stands
text: staring at the house.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: My jeweler's.
text: She GESTURES for him to follow her and we see now that she is dressed in a
text: maid's outfit.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I don't see nobody.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's the best time. They're all having lunch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 83 EXT. UPTOWN HOUSE DAY
text: At the back door of the grand house, as Jenny OPENS it slowly and glances
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You're off your head.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (pleased, showing off)
dialog: You can wait on me a minute. Or I'll see you back in the Points if you're
dialog: scared.
dialog: (Amsterdam looks at her)
dialog: Don't worry. I know every house on this street. They all leave their doors
text: open. They live like they're not in New York.
text: She GOES IN the house. Amsterdam WATCHES through the window, sees her
text: going up stairs. Then he looks at the dining room, visible distantly
text: through an open kitchen door.
text: He WATCHES, fascinated, fragments of the everyday rituals of a world he's
text: never seen. As SOUNDS drift listlessly from the street beyond, and a light
text: BREEZE blows, WE SEE IN A SERIES OF DISSOLVES the serving of a meal;
text: SERVANTS carrying and passing plates; FAMILY MEMBERS reaching for dishes
text: and passing them; the LOW KURMUR of Konversation in accents he has never
dialog: heard. It's not so much that these people and their life are foreign to
text: him. It is as if he has stepped into another Dimension.
text: He loses his sense of time, and of danger. So that when Jenny TOUCHES his
text: arm she surprises him thoroughly.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Come on. I might still be taken for a maid. But you're nobody's notion of
text: a butler.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. UPTOWN STREET DAY
text: As Jenny and Amsterdam walk away from the house. She holds his arm. They
text: look young and full of hope, like a servant couple just over from the old
text: country enjoying a day off.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The Police Commissioner lives the next street over. I was thinking of
dialog: visiting him next month, but cops don't buy goods. They keep all their
dialog: graft in cash.
text: Amsterdam looks at the houses with wonder that he tries to make casual.
text: She opens her satchel a little way, then NUDGES him to have a lock at the
text: swag inside.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: How's that for ten minutes?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: It's a lot to fence.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm not going to fence it. I'm going to keep it and take it where no one
dialog: will recognize it.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Where would that be?
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: Somewhere west. Far west. Past the Mississippi River, somewhere into that
dialog: territory.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: That's a hard journey for a woman alone.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You'd be with me.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You got it all planned and straight, is that it?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Once I said I'd be with you I wanted someplace we could be together.
dialog: Someplace better than here. What's the matter with that?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Nothing. Except there's no place but here for me right now. I got to
dialog: settle things.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yeah, I know, but I'm talking about settling down, not settling debts.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You don't have my obligations.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 85 EXT. PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: The Dead Rabbits SWEEP across the bustling square, Johnny and Amsterdam in
dialog: the lead.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It's a fair day's wage. We just move the people out of the building, and
dialog: collect.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Who from?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Who owns the building.
dialog: (points)
dialog: Them.
text: The gang approaches a tumbledown BUILDING called Jacob's Ladder because of
text: the iron rungs that run straight up its front to the roof. Two
text: well-dressed GENTS stare at the building fretfully.
speaker_heading: GENT 1
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: I'm glad you came in force. There's half a hundred people still in there.
speaker_heading: GENT 2
dialog: Maybe more.
speaker_heading: GENT 1
dialog: And not one's given rent the whole year.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You live here?
speaker_heading: GENT 1
dialog: No, no, of course not.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I mean in the city. A ways north, I'll bet.
speaker_heading: GENT 2
dialog: Yes. Why?
text: A RIFLE SHOT sounds from an upper window and a Rabbit falls wounded. They
text: all DUCK FOR COVER.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It's not just citizens in there?
speaker_heading: GENT 1
dialog: Of course it is.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: with arms?
speaker_heading: GENT 2
dialog: From their damned gang. Some of them live there.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Some of who?
speaker_heading: GENT 2
dialog: The Native Americans.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: We didn't contract for that.
speaker_heading: GENT 1
dialog: We'll pay extra for the danger.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No danger. But you will pay extra.
dialog: (turns; to gang)
dialog: Let's go and greet some Natives.
text: Under SCATTERED RIFLE FIRE and a barrage of ROCKS, the GANG STORMS the
text: building, charging inside and starting up the ladder as if they were
text: attacking a medieval fortress. ARMS reach out from windows to try and pull
text: them off. The Rabbits respond with knives and PISTOL SHOTS. As they charge
text: inside, the CAMERA RISES to an OVERHEAD shot and we ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 86 EXT. PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: Later. The same OVERHEAD ANGLE. BODIES litter the street everywhere. Some
text: dead and wounded Rabbits lie near NATIVES who have gone to their reward.
text: Some BUILDING RESIDENTS wander the street in a daze. JOHNNY is collecting
text: money from the Two Gents, who look very pleased as Amsterdam approaches
text: with Jenny. He's carrying a rifle he took from the building.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (to Gents)
dialog: Alright, then?
speaker_heading: GENT 2
dialog: Very much alright. Quite a spectacle.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Oh really? Just the entertainment you favor, is it? Pardon me for a
dialog: moment, gents.
dialog: (he turns to Jenny)
dialog: You wanted to settle, you and me. That's so, isn't it? You did agree, did
dialog: you not.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I did, yes.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Good, because I didn't want to act hasty. I can never tell for sure what
dialog: you're thinking, and sometimes I'm not always sure what you're saying...
speaker_heading: GENT 2
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Excuse me, we have to finish and...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (to Gent 2)
dialog: Excuse me. We'll conclude in a moment.
dialog: (back to Jenny)
dialog: Where do you settle?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Amsterdam, what are you saying?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I'm asking, where does anyone settle?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I don't know, you mean a place, a home?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: A home yes.
speaker_heading: GENT 1
dialog: Excuse me, but we really must conclude.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: Well, I'm saying to you then, Jenny Everdeane, welcome home.
text: No one sees it coming. Amsterdam FLASHES around, swinging the BUTT of his
text: rifle into Gent l's midsection, doubling him over and sending him
text: breathless to the ground. Amsterdam SPINS again and swings the butt into
text: Gent 2's face, knocking him cold.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Fine place. Room enough for all.
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: Get them out of here.
speaker_heading: GENT 2
dialog: They'll come back looking for you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: With whose help? The Natives? They won't help these flourishing bastards
dialog: even for ned.
dialog: (to Jenny)
dialog: Tell any who wants they can stay. If they can't pay rent they can join the
dialog: gang. But make sure the best rooms go to us. Look around ...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I know this building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 87 INT. UNDERGROUND/JACOB'S LADDER
text: As Jenny leads Amsterdam through a narrow tunnel. The place is like a
text: weird catacomb: it is narrow and dank, filled with bones of dead animals,
dialog: of the two- and four-legged variety.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: These lead all under the Square, into the Brewery and out again from
text: there. They're closed off and forgotten since the Reverend opened the
dialog: mission. Pass me the candle.
text: Amsterdam hands Jenny a stump of candle, which she holds high enough to
dialog: see...
text: ... that the tunnel has opened onto a small room just above the foundation
text: of Jacob's Ladder. It's a graveyard, memorializing gang members gone to a
text: better world--or worse. Trophies from many gangs--including the bones and
text: skulls of some Dead Rabbits-litter the place in loose ritual fashion, as
dialog: if this were a catacomb in Palermo.
text: Stooping low, Jenny walks to a narrow corner of the room, where several
text: PAVING STONES have been laid in the rough pattern of a cross. A slab of
text: slate serves as a headstone, and on it, in fading paint, barely legible,
dialog: is the name "Maggie Everdeane."
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We lived in this building till she lost her seamstress work and we went to
dialog: the Brewery. One day she slept so drunk she never woke and I brought her
dialog: back here. Dug this myself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Families. Give here what I gave you.
text: Amsterdam hands her a chest that looks like a small version of
text: Blackbeard's treasure box. She opens it and holds the candle close: inside
text: is the swag from all her cat burglaries. There's a lot of it, GLITTERING
text: with promise in the GUTTERING flame. Jenny starts to dig in her mother's
dialog: grave.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: She'll keep an eye on this for us. How about some help?
text: He KNEELS beside her and they dig at the grave with stones and bones.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You trusting me with your treasure, then?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Just take another look at it to remind you. I can always do fine on my own.
text: Amsterdam reaches inside the chest, pulls out a ring and SLIPS it onto
text: Jenny's dirt-covered finger. She KISSES him.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What's mine is yours, is that it?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I could use this, too.
text: From the bag he holds up a small GOLD CROSS.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You making an offering to the Reverend Raleigh?
text: Amsterdam slips the cross into his pocket without answering and starts to
dialog: dig again.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Are you sure we can trust your mother?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 88 INT. HALLWAY/TAMMANY
text: BOSS TWEED listens to an angry BILL THE BUTCHER as they walk briskly down
text: a long marble corridor lined with formal portraits of former Tammany
dialog: worthies.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: The building and how many?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: A dozen at least of my Natives.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: The Dead Rabbits are a wooly bunch alright.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I want at them. All of them, and Amsterdam especial. Now.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
text: Not just now. It's between too late and too soon. They've become a little
dialog: too prominent for comfort, but they're still too small for you to soil
dialog: your hands. The man who killed Monk Eastman pushing around a mob of
text: upstarts. It's practically undignified.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: To hell with any of that.
text: Tweed stops under a grand new PORTRAIT of himself.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Very well, and to hell as well with any plans you and I may have for
dialog: growth and change and even greater reward. You'll never advance anywhere
dialog: beyond the limited perimeter of your imagination.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I don't got to advance anywhere further.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Got to, no. But ought to.
text: He hands him a fancy embossed envelope.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (eyes merry)
text: An invitation. To dinner.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 89 INT. JENNY AND AMSTERDAM'S ROOM/JACOB'S LADDER DAY
text: Better by a little than their place in the old hideout. There's even a
text: window that throws some LIGHT an the few bits of castoff furniture in the
text: room... an the bed where Jenny sleeps with her face turned to the dawn
text: light... and an Amsterdam, who is dressing quietly in the corner. He
text: checks in his coat Pocket,...finds the gold cross ... and leaves. Jenny
dialog: does nat stir.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 90 EXT. GRAVEYARD DAY
text: START CLOSE on: Amsterdam's hand, as he places the gold cross in a small
text: hole at a grave site, then covers it over with dirt.
text: Then WE SEE: Amsterdam is kneeling at his father's grave.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: He never had his own cross. Thanks.
text: Now he STANDS and TURNS. Jenny is half-hidden behind an elm tree.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Your touch is light, but as a tracker you work awful heavy. Come ahead.
dialog: Now that I met your mother, you should come and meet my father.
text: As Jenny starts to WALK towards the grave, we see for the first time ...
text: ... that we are in the country, a graveyard in an open field with an
text: astonishing PANORAMA of New York and the East River. (MATTE) The cemetery
text: is atop a hill, and the East River, busy with ferries and vessels of
text: trade, glistens in the near distance. Just beyond it is Manhattan Island:
text: low buildings, winding narrow streets, houses surrounded by open land. A
text: BREEZE off the river rustles Jenny's dress and blows her hair as she steps
text: up to the grave site, looks at the headstone and sees ...
text: ... it is blank. No name, no date. Clean stane.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You should finish the stone.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: It'll be finished when everything's finished. That's when helll rest. The
text: hand that killed him is the hand that will bury him in peace.
text: He holds up his open hand, covered in dirt.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It was Bill killed him, not you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
text: With my hand on the knife.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: And his hand on yours!
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: And me feeling the life go out of my father! He looked at me ... he looked
dialog: at me and he swore me with his eyes. I could feel his spirit... I say I
text: could feel it rising... flowing through the knife like blood into my own
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You talk like he lives in you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I don't want him to live, I want him dead! I kill Bill and I'm free of
dialog: them both!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You think you can be free that easy? You need your way so clear, and
dialog: you''' use anything to clear it. Anyone, too. Me, everybody, we're all
dialog: just a way for you to settle your damned ghosts.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You're part of me now, like the gang is part of me and my father both. If
dialog: I can bring us to glory, then my father... like The Book says...my father
dialog: can enter his house justified.
dialog: As Amsterdam continues to talk we ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
speaker_heading: 91 MONTAGE
text: The growth of the Dead Rabbits, as we continue to HEAR Amsterdam speak
text: passionately to Jenny. We first see the Rabbits surrounding and
text: OVERTURNING a fire wagon; this starts as a live action scene but soon
text: BLEEDS into SEPIA, then freezes like an old magazine illustration.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM (V.O.)
dialog: All of us is set on the same road together. The gang can have everything
dialog: they ever wanted and get me what I want while they're doing it. We're not
dialog: interfering with each other, we're helping each other. It's all the same,
dialog: we're all one together.
text: We CONTINUE with sepia illustrations: of Dead Rabbit morts picking pockets
text: and purses along a crowded Broadway; climbing onto a wagon distributing
text: newspapers and tossing off the occupants, taking over the route
text: themselves; swarming all over a merchant ship in the harbor as the captain
text: doles out protection money to have his cargo unloaded.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM (V.O.)
dialog: We'll all have a share of the profit like we'll all have a portion of the
dialog: fame. If we come to be notorious, that only means we're strong, and if
dialog: we're strong that means we're ready.
text: A sepia illustration of a fire wagon rounding a corner, refurbished and
text: manned by Rabbits, all wearing striking uniforms with short capes called
text: TAMLAS. (N.B.: they will be seen wearing the tanlas from these uniforms
text: during all gang activity throuqhout the rest of the film. Only Johnny,
dialog: Amsterdam and Jenny do not wear them.)
text: The sepia illustration turns to live action as the fire wagon TEARS around
text: Paradise Square, SCATTERING everyone in its path, the Dead Rabbits
text: laughing, their tamlas FLYING behind them.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM (V.O.)
dialog: And I'll know that time, know it right off when it comes. Just like I knew
dialog: you.
text: The live action DISSOLVES TO...
text: ... the last image in the montage: an ILLUSTRATION of Amsterdam, a
text: half-decade older, turned out in fancy clothes, but with all his
text: fierceness intact. This is a magazine illustration, and there is a dated
text: headline over his picture: "Fresh Scourge of the Five Points." The date
dialog: reads "June, 1863.11
speaker_heading: AMSTERDA.M (V.O.)
text: And just like that, there'll be no way of stopping till it's ended.
dialog: From this illustration, we quickly...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 92 EXT. RIVER DAY
text: ... Amsterdam, as he is in the picture, but in live action, SPRINGING to
text: his feet and YELLING at a couple of PRIZEFIGHTERS doing battle in a ring.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Now! Finish him now!
text: Far up the sparkling Hudson, a RAFT floats slowly upstream. It's a huge
text: thing (perhaps half a city block in size) crowded with SPORTSMEN. They
text: form a LARGE RING around two mammoth PRIZEFIGHTERS who are brawling with
text: bare knuckles. Amsterdam and Johnny are among the spectators.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Our man will take him in another five. What puts you in such a hurry?
text: FIGHTER 1 fetches FIGHTER 2 a powerful roundhouse punch that sends him
text: CRASHING to the deck. As soon as he hits the floor, a CARD GIRL appears
text: carrying a sign announcing "Round 37.11 SECONDS drag the stupefied Fighter
text: 2 to his corner, while two BOYS minister to Fighter 1, SUCKING THE BLOOD
text: off his knuckles.
text: A GONG sounds to announce the appearance, in the center of the ring, of
text: the fight promoter, a florid and fulsome P.T. Barnum .
speaker_heading: BARNUM
dialog: I want to extend thanks and admiration not only to our two combatants
dialog: today, but to their sponsors, the Dead Rabbits ...
dialog: (indicates one side of the ring)
dialog: ... and the Native Americans.
text: He FLINGS an expansive arm toward the opposite side of the ring, where
text: Bill the Butcher sits with Daniel Killoran and a large group of Natives.
text: Amsterdam and the Butcher eye each other with all the old animosity: it's
text: almost ceremonial now, part of the Tradition.
speaker_heading: BARNUM
dialog: Their generous support allows me to bring you this splendid exhibition.
dialog: With their indulgence I'd like to remind you also of the further wonders
dialog: that await you at my new Museum, located on Broadway...
text: There are BOOS from the crowd at such untoward commercialism.
speaker_heading: BARNUM
text: ... P.T Barnum's gallery of wonders from worlds natural and unnatural,
dialog: from nature and from myth!
dialog: (continued boos)
dialog: And to encourage you also in the view that new Albany ordinances
dialog: forbidding sportive violence on land shouldn't dampen your enthusiasm for
dialog: wagering. Bets down, entlegen, and you gents..
dialog: (indicated fighters)
dialog: ... fists up!
text: The Fighters come to center ring, circle each other, then start slugging.
text: A flurry of punches, and Fighter 2 GOES DOWN again. As he hits the deck,
text: the round automatically ends and the between-rounds ritual takes place
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Dobbs will take him this round. That'll be something. The Natives has
dialog: never lost before.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Because there's never been a Dead Rabbit fighting before.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: That'll shame them thorough.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: There'll be worse than shaming. We only got the Natives in range.
dialog: It's time to squeeze the trigger, John.
text: The next round begins and the Fighters set to, MAULING each other
dialog: furiously.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Don't push the Natives too far, Amsterdam. Otherwise it'll be Tammany
text: pushing back.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: That don't matter any more.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It does matter, and it's going to matter even more. Tammany's the heart
dialog: and future of this city. If the Rabbits is going to keep growing, we're
dialog: going to have to throw in with Tammany some way.
text: The action in the ring is FURIOUS. The Crowd cheers. Fighter 1 seems about
text: to go down, but recovers and starts returning punishment to Fighter 2.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: They got that Conscription Act from Washington keeping them busy, but they
dialog: won't leave us alone forever. And the Natives is strong as they ever been!
text: In the ring, Fighter 1 drives Fighter 2 to the deck again, and this time
text: KNOCKS HIM COLD.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (indicates Fighter 1)
dialog: You call that strong, John?
text: In the ring, a couple of agitated NATIVE AMERICANS are trying to get at
text: the Rabbit-sponsored winner. RABBITS start to RUSH the ring but Amsterdam
text: WAVES them back.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: This is our time now!
speaker_heading: BARNUM
dialog: (trying to make official announcement)
dialog: The winner... gentlemen, please! ... the winner in the 39th round is the
dialog: Dead Rabbits champion, High Water Dobbs ... please, gentlemen!
text: The unofficial ring COMBAT continues, knocking Barnum about, as the new
text: champ throws marauding Natives around like empty flower sacks. Amsterdam
text: iumps into the fray, PUSHES some Natives away. They start for him but the
text: champ stands them off while Amsterdam WHISPERS to Barnum.
speaker_heading: BARNUM
dialog: Just a moment, please, gentlemen! There's a word for us all. Amsterdam
dialog: promises ...
dialog: (Amsterdam whispers to him briefly)
dialog: ... something large, something grand, something epic. The greatest these
dialog: are my own words, of course the greatest righting of the gravest wrong
dialog: ever done in the Five Points.
text: The crowd quiets, their sporting blood still up, curiosity engaged. Only
text: Johnny seems glum, concerned.
dialog: This is to be a duel not for money, but for honor! A fight to the death...
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (interrupting, emphasizing)
dialog: To the death. If he can stand up to it.
speaker_heading: BARNUM
dialog: ... on which money, I hasten to add, may certainly be wagered. The names
dialog: of the two champions are Amsterdam Vallon, here beside me, and ... and Mr.
dialog: William Poole, known to all as ...
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (leaping up)
dialog: They know me by any name, you son of a bitch!
text: The crowd ERUPTS: this is a death match between Olympians. Only Johnny
text: does not rejoice. He looks at Amsterdam's face, flush with the belief that
text: the right moment has finally come, and he has to turn away. He walks away
text: from the ring as Killoran tries unsuccessfully to PULL the Butcher down
dialog: and cool him off.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I'll have him stretched on a spit!
text: Killoran is beside him now, whispering urgently. Bill the Butcher shakes
text: his head vehemently.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (to Killoran)
dialog: You got no more to say about this now.
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Come on, Bill! Let go of your Tammany wet nurse! My challenge, your terms.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: Don't do it, you can't do it! There's the Conscription to deal with, and
dialog: elections coming, too. That's your calling now, not these ancient quarrels.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I'll do my work. But this is a shame, a public shame. It demands my
dialog: attention.
dialog: (yelling to Amsterdam)
dialog: Fine, then! Fine and welcome! Day after elections, we'll meet with seconds
text: on neutral ground to work out time and terms. It will be done and done.
text: He walks to the ring, holds his HAND out to Amsterdam.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You know this hand. Last time it was this close, it was on your throat.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I remember it better from another time.
text: He takes the Butcher's hand. The duel is on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 93 INT./EXT. DRAFT REGISTRATION OFFICE
text: START CLOSE ON: money being counted out: $300. And a RECEIPT quickly
dialog: written and given. We think at first this must be a bet being made on the
dialog: duel between Amsterdam and Bill the Butcher-
text: But we go WIDER to reveal: an office, tables and chairs, and a line. Two
text: lines, in fact. One, very long, filled with young man. And the second,
text: very short, in which a CLERK is handing the receipt to a PROSPEROUS YOUNG
speaker_heading: MAN.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Your release from service, according to the terms of the Conscription Act.
dialog: Keep it somewhere safe.
scene_heading: PROSPEROUS YOUNG MAN
dialog: I'll keep it with me.
text: There is only one OTHER PERSON standen behind the Prosperous Young Man,
text: and he steps up quickly and hands $300 to the Clerk as the Prosperous
text: Young Man heads for the door...
text: ... past the second line, which snakes out into the street, filled with
text: draftees who SHOUT at the Prosperous Young Man as he leaves.
speaker_heading: DRAFTEE 1
dialog: Hey, tell your Papa to pass me three hundred dollars too.
speaker_heading: DRAFTEE 2
dialog: Tell him if he don't we'll come get you on our way to Gettysburg.
text: The Prosperous Young Man HURRIES away, but spots Boss Tweed and Daniel
text: Killoran as he leaves.
scene_heading: PROSPEROUS YOUNG MAN
dialog: Oh, Mr. Tweed, I'd take the time to say proper thanks but...
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: No thanks owed, son. Conscription's Federal Law, and so's the $300
dialog: exemption. You might remind your father, though, that you saw me here
dialog: today, minding that the law's strictly and equitably enforced.
text: The Prosperous Young Man hurries out, as the Draftees continue to holler
text: abuse. Boss Tweed HEADS for them, followed by Killoran.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: You see how much they like this damned law? Enforcing it's going to hurt
dialog: us in elections.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: It's not my law, and not my liking, either. But Washington's always
dialog: treated us with sufferance, and we must extend the same regard to them.
dialog: (to Draftees)
dialog: Boys, we are bound by honor and love of country to fight in this time of
dialog: crisis!
speaker_heading: DRAFTEE 4
dialog: We're bound by our wallets and the emptiness in them, that's what!
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Boys, the union is in distress, our land is wounded deeply, our future is
dialog: suddenly a frail and finite thing. We must ask ourselves how...
speaker_heading: DRAFTEE 5
dialog: Yeah, you could talk a dog off a meat wagen, Tweed. But let's see you
dialog: fight!
speaker_heading: DRAFTEE 6
dialog: That'd be worth twice three hundred dollars to see!
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (as he backs off)
dialog: Thank you, boys, thank you for your understanding.
dialog: (to Killoran)
dialog: Holy Mother.
text: Tweed hustles Killoran outside, where the line of Potential draftees
text: snakes down the block and into Paradise Square.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Daniel, between the blindness of Washington and the damned brass of Bill
dialog: Poole Tammany will fall like an autumn leaf. We must take what measures we
dialog: can. Attend to the Butcher. After the elections, of course. Unless you
dialog: think Amsterdam will do our work for us first.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: He could at that. Then he would become a fresh concern
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Not so daunting as this.
dialog: (turns to the Draftees in the street)
dialog: Boys, I've just had a word with your compatriots inside, and if you show
text: half the sand and a fraction of the spirit they have manifeste for joining
dialog: this great struggle...
text: There is a chorus of BOOS and JEEPS from the Draftees outside.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE DRAFTEE
dialog: Put a rope around it, Tweed, and swing in your own wind!
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Great weeping Jesus, Daniel, whatever happened to the halcyon days?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 94 EXT. POLLING PLACE/PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: Election Day pandemonium. The Dead Rabbits aren't working the repeaters
text: this day, but Johnny observes the action as Native Americans--identifiable
text: because of their long dusters--strongarm REPEATERS into the polls.
text: His attention is drawn to a HARRIED TELEGRAPH OPERATOR, who is being
text: SHOUTED at by Natives as he is inundated by pieces of paper and teetering
text: volumes of the voting registry. It's chaos. The poor Operator can't cope.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 95 INT. TAMMANY HALL
text: It's chaos here, too. The large main room is filled with TELEGRAPH
text: OPERATORS receiving election returns. There is SHOUTING and CONCERN
text: throughout the room. Even Boss Tweed shows signs of worry.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I swear that science will be the death of industry.
speaker_heading: KILLORKN
text: The telegraph moves the voter tabulation by wire faster than we can get
text: the repeaters in and out.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: Your role is to expedite, Daniel, not to explain.
text: (Killoran looks at him blankly)
dialog: Do something!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: If you'll allow me.
text: They both TURN to see Johnny standing coolly before them.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: There's a scheme we might try.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: You got no place among us, get the hell out of here however you come in.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: A moment please, Daniel. One moment.
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: You're a Dead Rabbit, aren't you? Friend to Amsterdam?
dialog: (Johnny nods)
dialog: And therefore no particular friend to us. What brings you here?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Opportunity. Science and opportunity.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: You got opportunities enough among your own.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I did have. But times change faster than people. Some people, anyhow. And
dialog: I like to stay with the advantage.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Well, then, a Gentleman of foresight! Are you suggesting... or perhaps
dialog: you're even saying... that your friend and your gang may be ... well,
dialog: lagging behind the great march of history?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Something like that, yeah.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Well fine, step up to history then and tell us what you have in mind.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 96 EXT. POLLING PLACE/PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: START CLOSE ON: telegraph wire, HUMMING with the election returns. And,
text: below it--far below--Johnny, Killoran and a couple of TAMMANY BOYOS,
text: looking up at the wire.
speaker_heading: BOYO 1
dialog: I ain't goin' up there. I got my election suit on.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: This election'll be over unless we get up there.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: "We?" This was your notion, you go up there.
speaker_heading: BOYO 2
dialog: (looking at polling place)
dialog: Him. He looks likely, and he ain't workin'.
text: He points over at Sheeny Mike Kurtz, who is observing the action at the
dialog: polls.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (calls to him)
dialog: Sheeny Mike, you want to make ...
dialog: (to Boyo 1)
dialog: ...how much?
speaker_heading: BOYO 1
dialog: A dollar.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to Sheeny Mike)
dialog: Five dollars? Just to help us?
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: (a bit wary)
dialog: What's the pitch, Johnny? Amsterdam wouldn't like it, working with Tammany.
speaker_heading: BOYO 2
dialog: Well, now, if Amsterdam wouldn't like it ...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: He knows about it. Welre working a whole new scheme. But I won't tell him
dialog: youlre helping, if that's the way you want it. And you can keep the full
dialog: five. Just start climbing.
speaker_heading: SHEENY MIKE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where's the ned?
text: Boyo 2 hands Sheeny Mike five bucks, which he pockets as Boyo 1 gives him
text: a large pair of SHEARS. Mike wipes his palms on his pants and STARTS UP
dialog: the pole.
text: For Killoran and the Tammany Boyos, this is like a circus stunt. They
text: watch Mike's ascent with pleasure.
text: Sheeny Mike is quite pleased with himself as he nears the top of the pole.
text: He turns to look at Johnny and the Tammany group below. A couple of
text: SPECTATORS have stopped to watch as well.
text: Mike gets to the top of the pole, REACHES OUT--STRETCHES OUT-toward the
dialog: telegraph wire with the shears...
text: ... strains... reaches ... MAKES THE CUT.
text: On the ground, Johnny looks relieved. The Boyos offer a partmocking round
text: of applause.
text: In the spirit of things, Sheeny Mike TURNS to acknowledge the applause.
text: Just briefly. But long enough so he's distracted. He sees the upturned
text: FACES fill suddenly with fear, and he TURNS when he HEA.RS a sharp, odd
scene_heading: WHISTLING NOISE.
text: A LIVE TELEGRAPH WIRE is coming at him. He doesn't even have time to
text: scream. The wire hits him, whipping around him as JOLTS OF NT leap through
text: his body and he FALLS to the ground.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 97 EXT. PARADISE SQUA.RE DAY
text: HANDS pick up the lifeless body of Sheeny Mike and start to carry it
text: off... past Amsterdam and Jenny, who stand on one side of it, watching...
text: and Johnny, who is on the other.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He was working a Tammany job, Tammany will see to him.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: He wasn't Tammany. Not like you.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He made the right choice.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You don't know what you're saying! You killed one of our own. One of your
dialog: family!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I didn't know he was going to die, Amsterdam. And don't tell me what's my
dialog: own and what isn't. You're not my family. And I swear, I swear on the
dialog: Virgin Mother's eyes ... I know what I'm doing, Amsterdam. It's you that's
dialog: always been blind.
dialog: (they look at each other)
dialog: I'll say my farewells.
text: Johnny KNEELS down beside Mike's body, brushes the hair from his brow.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You still smell like drink.
text: He nods to the Rabbits to carry the body on and, as he RISES a half-dozen
text: NEWSBOYS DASH into the square, carrying fresh copies of the Tribune and
dialog: crying...
speaker_heading: NEWSBOYS
dialog: New Tammany victory! Fernando Wood elected to third term! Tammany ticket
dialog: prevails by narrow margin! Boss Tweed vows
dialog: Armageddon for crime!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (looking at Amsterdam and Jenny)
dialog: Can't you hear the future?
text: He walks away from the gang, through the rushing Newspaper Boys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 98 INT. SPARROW'S CHINESE PAGODA
text: The place has been cleared out for a war council: Amsterdam with a couple
text: of Dead Rabbits, and Bill the Butcher with a few Natives. They sit at a
text: round poker table with a green felt top.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: We say the Square is the place. Let Barnum sell the tickets for a share of
dialog: the price...
speaker_heading: NATIVE SECOND
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: A small share.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: And the Rabbits and Natives will split the majority portion equal.
speaker_heading: NATIVE SECOND
dialog: Who works the crowd?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Nobody. This is a day of honor. No pickpockets, no lush-rollers, nothing.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I'll cut their hands off. After the fight.
speaker_heading: NATIVE SECOND
dialog: We got to fix positions for everyone so there won't be no other fighting.
dialog: I know for fact the Roach Guards has sworn blood against the Black Birds,
dialog: and the Forty Thieves don't tolerate the Chichesters.
text: As these delicate negotiations continue, the only two outsiders in the
text: place, Mother Joyce and a Bartender, are listening intently on the far
text: side of the room.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Amsterdam will make the Butcher a fine banquet.
speaker_heading: MOTHER JOYCE
dialog: My ned's on the boy. He's got the youth, and he's got the hunger.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Is he so hungry you'll put up a hundred?
speaker_heading: MOTHER JOYCE
dialog: Two.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 99 EXT. PARADISE SQUARE DAY
text: OFFICIALS stand on a high wooden platform facing a JEERING CROWD. Banners
text: announce a "DRAFT LOTTERY." OFFICIALS are preparing to draw the first
text: numbers as Boss Tweed gives out with a speech.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Your honor... yes, and the law of the land... lies in the balance. The
dialog: Conscription Act of 1863 was handed down by President Lincoln himself ...
speaker_heading: CROWD MEMBER
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: If Lincoln signed it, then let Lincoln fight!
speaker_heading: CROWD MEMBER 2
dialog: It's an army of the poor fighting for a bunch of rich slackers!
speaker_heading: CROWD MEMBER
dialog: Tammany's been our voice, let Tammany pay the exemption for all!
text: A YOUNG MEMBER of the crowd steps forward as Boss Tweed turns to look at
text: those backing him on the platform: Killoran, a CAVALRY OFFICER in fancy
text: dress ... and, out of sight of the crowd, Johnny Sirocco. Their
dialog: expressions are not reassuring.
scene_heading: YOUNG CROWD MEMBER
dialog: Your first payment, m'lords.
text: The Young Crowd Member hurls a STONE through the front window of a nearby
text: store. The CROWD cheers and runs to sack the store, and others SURGE
text: toward the platform. Johnny'and Killoran grab a fearful Tweed and rush him
text: to safety. But the Cavalry Officer stands his ground with sword and
text: pistol. He SHOOTS.
text: That STOPS them. But only for a fractured, eerie moment. Then they jump on
text: the Cavalry Officer, PULL him to the ground, begin to KICK and BEAT him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 100 EXT. STREET/JACOB'S LADDER NIGHT
text: A building burns at the end of the street, spreading a silhouette of smoke
text: and flame in the air...
text: ... as a LION CHARGES down the street, growling, scattering RIOTERS in its
text: wake. It's a mad, frightening sight, like a fulfillment of the Biblical
text: prophecy produced by P.T Barnum, whose Museum is burning in the distance.
text: SCREAMS, YELLS, CURSES and GROANS. CRIES of pain and fear as RIOTERS jump
text: out of the way of the wild animal, then course up the street toward
text: Broadway burning in the distance.
text: From ABOVE, on the roof of Jacob's Ladder, Amsterdam and Jenny watch the
dialog: madness below.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (watching lion)
text: That must be the vanguard of Barnum's army.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: This city will burn like Gomorrah.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Then we'll take what we can before it gets too hot.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I think it's past that already.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: It'll never come to that. These people ain't gang-led and they have no
dialog: purpose.
dialog: They'd rather die for themselves than the army, that's the purpose. What
dialog: would you do?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Fight better and not get so mad. They're only doing what they should have
dialog: done years ago. Why'd they ever think there was another way to live?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: They believed what people told them, that's all.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What people is that? The Reverend at the mission? Boss Tweed? Daniel
dialog: Killoran? People like Johnny Sirocco?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You believed Johnny.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Hell.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: And I believed you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I ain't done nothing different than what I told you, Jen.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I believed what you said abaut being with me, with me alone. But you lied
dialog: to me. It's not me alone, it's just you and Bill Poole. Youlre so
dialog: blood-blind you can't see nothing else, not even this!
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I don't care a fine damn about what they want! It's what I want! They
dialog: won't dare harm the Points, that's all I care about! Let them turn the
dialog: rest of the city into hell! It's another country anyway.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It's not a country for me, Amsterdam. I don't know about you. Will you
dialog: come with me?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Not now.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Now is when I'm going. Will you come?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I don't want all this fighting to go to waste, Jen. I want to come out of
dialog: it with something. And I got to be waiting for the Butcher.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 101 INT. UNDERGROUND/JACOB'S LADDER
text: Jenny digs out her treasure from her mother's grave, throws open the box,
text: starts to GRAB all the swag she can and hide it on her person... in her
text: pockets, under her clothes, anywhere. She takes as much as she can, but
dialog: she has to travel fast.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 102 EXT. STREET NIGHT
text: Beginning a swift series of scenes that are like a laudanum nightmare.
text: The street is JAMMED with people fleeing and people fighting... as Jenny
text: forces her way through, trying to escape.
text: A small mob starts to ATTACK a house where a TERRIFIED FAMILY stands in
text: the doorway.
speaker_heading: FAMILY MAN
dialog: We're with you, don't harm us!
speaker_heading: MOB MAN
dialog: Show us your spirit and come out with us then!
speaker_heading: MOB WOMAN
dialog: And put a candle in the window to show you're one with us! Every light is
dialog: a flame against the draft!
text: The WIFE begs her husband not to join the mob, but they PULL HIM out into
text: the street. The Mob Woman hands the Wife a candle, then runs back to join
dialog: the mob.
text: Jenny starts to cross Paradise Square now... tries to cross, anyway... and
text: passes the stand where Tweed delivered his speech that very morning. She
text: sees: the Cavalry officer. Several MOB WOMEN have revived him with water.
text: He has been beaten terribly, but as he MOANS and starts to regain
text: consciousness, the MOB WOMEN fall upon him with fresh fury, KICKING and
text: HITTING his helpless body. They BREAK his bones with rocks and TEAR OFF
text: the fancy braid of his uniform to hang around their necks.
text: Now a SECOND MOB RUSHES toward the first from the opposite side of
text: Paradise Square. Chaos. Jenny is buffeted wildly. It's like being in a
text: whirlpool. She grabs a LITTLE GIRL whose face is bruised and blaody but
text: whose eyes shine wildly.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
text: Cops has everything closed to the north, and the militia's coming.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 103 EXT. STREET/FIVE POINTS NIGHT
text: As Jenny presses her way through the mob-devoured streets. She sees: MEN,
text: WOMEN and CHILDREN attacking a small group of BLACKS.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: My Daddy don't have to die for you! Why should he fight and die for you?
text: Jenny looks ahead, sees: the river, in the distance. And flames. She runs
text: forward, STUMBLES. Some of the swag FALLS to the street. She SCRAMBLES to
text: pick it up as Rioters rush by her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 104 EXT. PIERS HUDSON RIVER NIGHT
text: MATTE: The surface of the water looks like a mirror made of flame. The
text: piers are BURNING. The docks are ash.
text: SAILORS battle a MOB for possession of a small rowboat. As they fight, the
text: boat starts to DRIFT. Jenny spots it, RUNS for it
text: ... but so does ANOTHER GIRL. Younger than Tenny--20 maybe, Jennyls age
text: when Amsterdam fell in love with her. They both get to the boat at the
text: same time. Each grips it by a gunwale, and they STARE at each other like
text: two jungle beasts over a kill.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'd kill you for this.
text: The Girl lunges at her with a knite, and Jenny SHOOTS. The GIRL slides
text: into the flame-reflecting Hudson as if she drowning in a pit of lava.
text: Jenny climbs into the boat and frantically starts to row. We stay CLOSE on
text: her ... working the oars clumsily, furiously ... moving the boat across
text: the water, trying to get away from the city...
text: ... and we go WIDER now. A huge line of IRON--like the side of a
text: glacier... bisects the frame, then starts to move. Jenny
dialog: turns, SEES it. It is ...
text: ... the looming hull of an ironclad war ship (MATTE). It LOBS cannon fire
text: into the city, setting off tremendous explosions.
text: Jenny TURNS back for the shore...
text: ... as cannonballs land, devastating rioters.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 105 EXT. SHORE/RIVER NIGHT
text: MATTE: Police and MILITIA push the rioters back toward the river like
text: rats. A cannanball EXPLODES in their midst...
text: ... injuring many more cops and militia than rioters. The rioters rally,
text: RUN over the bodies of fallen cops and soldiers. Now the advantage is
text: theirs; cops and militia are in retreat.
text: Jenny climbs up on shore and joins the mob as it presses back inland.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 106 EXT. DOYERS STREET/THE BLOODY ANGLE NIGHT
text: Further from the docks. Shells still exploding in the distance. Jenny
text: moves with the marauding mob, recognizes Doyers Street. She splits away
text: from the mob, moves stealthily into the street known as the Bloody Angle.
dialog: And STOPS.
text: Weird shadows dance on the walls of the buildings. SMOKE and EERIE LIGHT.
text: The angle is lined with lampposts. And from every lamppost dangles the
text: BODY of a black man. Or woman. Or child. Some are still smouldering.
text: At the base of a lamppost, a group of RIOTERS have cut open the hog-tied
text: CORPSE of a black man and are pouring oil into it. One of the Rioters sees
text: Jenny, grins and holds out the TORCH he's holding. She shakes her head and
text: starts to BACK out of the alley.
text: The Rioter touches the torch to the oil in the wound of the corpse. The
text: body IGNITES in flame. The RIOTERS pull on a rope and the body rises,
text: burning, to the top of the lamppost ...
text: ... where its awful shadow joins all the others in the madhouse
text: refractions on walls all up and down the street. On the street, as the
text: flames dance and the bodies burn, rioters DANCE and SING. Walpurgis Night.
dialog: From these mad SHADOWS, we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 107 EXT. ROOF/JACOB-S LADDER NIGHT
text: ... the face of Amsterdam, stepping out of the SHADOWS of the roof. There
text: are flames in the distance. The whole gang is assembled, facing him as he
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No we ain't going to fight, but we can take something for ourselves out of
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: I want to know who hung them bodies in the Bloody Angle. I want to address
dialog: who done it.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Five thousand people in the street done it! Boss Tweed done it! Abe
dialog: Lincoln done it! There's nothing you can do about any one of them but stay
dialog: with us. You'll have a little of your own back.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: These riots are a gift. They...
text: ... he PAUSES just for a moment as he sees a hand on the last rung of the
text: outside ladder leading to the roof: it's Jenny, returning.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: ... they've made everything clear, as you might say.
dialog: (to Jenny)
dialog: Are you with us, then?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Until I can get out. I'll go with you...
dialog: (straight at Amsterdam)
dialog: ...meantime.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Good. We're going for the Armory at Canal Street.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: The Armory! We'll have to beat the militia to get there.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: There's a way through the lines. Jen, did you see the cops and militia?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I can show you from here where they are. I doubt they'll get to the Armory
text: in force before midday tomorrow.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: We'll get there first. We'll take everything we can carry, and destroy the
dialog: rest so no one else has the use of it, the militia, the Natives, nobody.
dialog: Then we'll turn to real business. We'll go down to the Battery.
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: Why, we going to take a sail to Europe?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No. But we could, after this. We're going...
dialog: (slowly, savoring this)
dialog: ...we're going to take the banks. The government banks.
dialog: (awed silence from all)
dialog: Are we not?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (beat; steps forward)
dialog: Seems we are.
text: One by one, then in small groups, the entire gang FOLLOWS her. They are
text: uncertain, reluctant, even frightened at the audacity of the scheme. But
dialog: they stand with Amsterdam.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 108 INT. MAIN ROOM/TAMMANY HALL NIGHT
text: The crowded main room of Boss Tweed's domain, jammed with anxious
text: POLITICOS and OFFICIALS, as well as a harried group of TELEGRAPH OPERATORS
text: who receive news of the riots from all over Manhattan. There is a huge map
text: of the city against one wall: the place has been converted from a
text: political princedom to an operational headquarters. Johnny Sirocco and
text: Bill The Butcher are there. Other guests include the GOVERNOR, Mayor
text: Fernando Wood, and a badly shaken Horace Greeley.
speaker_heading: GREELEY
dialog: They attacked me! I had every sympathy for them at first...
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Too much sympathy, Horace. Writing these riots were a rising against
dialog: "unjust laws and unsuitable law-givers." The shame!
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: I suspended the draft at noon but the mobs only grew more virulent. It is
text: a criminal rising of the lowest class, of the Gangsters and rabble who
dialog: have been allowed by Tammany to run lawless!
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: It was Tammany and the rabble that elected you, Governor. And it's Tammany
dialog: and the gangs who'll stop it. Isn't that so, Bill?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (nods at Johnny)
dialog: I won't say nothin' in front of him. Who knows what business he's here on?
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: He's here on our business and my invitation. He's already been of great
dialog: help. What's the opposition strength, John?
text: To answer, Johnny yanks back a CURTAIN drawn across a high window. The
text: view, looking downtown, is one of almost continual ILLUMINATION-- every
text: place the eye falls, CANDLES burn in sympathy for the rioters.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Each candle is against you, gents.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: "Against you," sir? Don't you mean "us".
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (diplomatic)
dialog: Some of us come from those people, Mayor. I'll not deny they still claim
dialog: part of me.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Which part? Perhaps your heart.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Gentlemen, I'm sorry you find it necessary to question the loyalty of my
dialog: friend here, and by extension, my own judgement. So as proof ... John,
dialog: where will the mob go? What will the gangs do?
dialog: (Johnny is uneasy about answering)
dialog: Go on, tell them what you told me.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
text: There's no telling about the mob. Or the small gangs. But the Dead Rabbits
dialog: ... if I was Amsterdam...
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: As indeed you nearly was. Were.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: ... if I was ... I'd figure to take the Rabbits to the Armory.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Would you agree with that, Bill? Wouldn't you do the same? If you were
dialog: fighting against the militia instead of beside them?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Beside them? What are you talking... ?
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You will have to fight beside them to take the Armory. It cannot fall into
text: unfriendly hands.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I can't stand with the militia against the people. I could never work the
dialog: Points no more if I did.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: We're all of us swept up in a great tide of events, Bill. Have you learned
dialog: to swim?
text: From Bill's face, struggling to make sense of this, knowing Tweed's right
dialog: but not wanting to believe it, we ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 109 INT. MAIN ROOM/TAMMANY HALL NIGHT
text: ... Johnny's face, as Tweed talks to him. It is later, and the Butcher has
text: left. The activity is still frantic all around, but Tweed speaks in
text: unhurried tones.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: I'm sure that Bill will do his usual splendid job. But after that ...
dialog: well, I'm afraid he's grown away from us.
dialog: (Johnny looks puzzled)
text: He shows distressing signs of... shall we say, free-thinking. Crime
text: flourishes in chaos, and these riots could encourage Bill to overstep
dialog: himself. He no longer inspires in me the same trust... well, that you
dialog: might. If you can prove yourself further.
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You already said in front of everyone you trusted me.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: In vital things. Would I be talking to you now otherwise? Vital things,
dialog: but small things. Are you equal to greater responsibility and opportunity?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Such as what?
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Ridding me of Bill the Butcher.
dialog: (Johnny is startled)
dialog: He may question your loyalty to me, but Bill would never believe you had
dialog: the sand to go against him. He'd never expect it. Do you have the sand?
text: From Johnny's face, struggling to make the right answer, we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 110 INT. JACOB'S LADDER
text: ... Ansterdam's face, as he looks up from preparing a brace of pistols for
text: the next day's scheme.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Let him in.
text: Johnny enters the common room of Jaccb's Ladder, where the Dead Rabbits
text: have gathered to ready themselves. As they work over their weapons and
text: prepare battle dress, Johnny walks through their midst. They do not
text: acknowledge him... except for Jenny.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Did you miss us, John?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Not a bit.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (rising to meet him)
dialog: Are you here to spy?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I don't have to spy.
text: Amsterdam leads Johnny off to a shadowy corner of the room where they can
dialog: talk privately.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (as they walk)
dialog: I know what you're doing. I told Tweed what you're doing.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You don't know what I'm doing.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You're going after the Armory.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Am I now? Why do you think that?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: 'Cause that's what I would do, and you and I think alike.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: No more. And it don't seem worth a visit to tell me something you already
dialog: think I'm doing.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: There's something else alright. Tweed's arranged to kill Bill the Butcher.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (disbelieving)
dialog: Who could Tweed get to do that?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
text: One of his own.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: There's no one around him...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Listen, it don't matter who, it's going to be done, that's all! Tweed
dialog: ain't going to wait around
dialog: for you and Bill to settle yourselves. I'm telling you so you have a
dialog: chance.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Chance of what?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: A chance... a chance to do what you want. Bury the Butcher, draw what
dialog: blood you got to. But you better make speed. The Natives will move on the
dialog: Armory too.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: And what's any of it mean to you?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It means whatever's left of friendship, I don't know. There's still part
dialog: of me here. I don't
dialog: want to see you lose everything in your life at once.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I'm going to lose nothing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you believe me, you can stay.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I got to go.
text: He turns so Amsterdam can't see his face and LEAVES-
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: So Tammany's going to kill the Butcher. That puts you and Tweed on the
dialog: same side. Does that make the path clear enough to suit you?
dialog: From Amsterdam's face, trying to work out all the new angles, we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 111 INT. NATIVE AMERICAN HIDEOUT
text: ... Amsterdam's face, full of resolve, staring unblinking as ...
text: ... the barrels of two dozen RIFLES SURROUND the edges the screen, boxing
text: Amsterdam in, as if his head were in a frame.
text: And Bill the Butcher gazes at him with astonishment. We are, for the first
text: time, in the Natives' lair, a house hung with American flags of all shapes
text: and vintages, some of them torn by battle, others by years of weather and
dialog: use. Some of them go back to the early days of the republic. There is not
text: an inch of wood or wall space to be seen for all the stars and stripes.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Murder Me? No one's going to murder me.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Then you better learn to fight locking over your shoulder, Bill, because
dialog: that's the only way you'll ever see it coming.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I don't believe it, and I don't believe it's you telling me. You got no
dialog: reason to care about any danger to me.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: One reason. You're my kill, Butcher. No one else is going to have you, not
dialog: Tweed, not Tammany, not those pigs in the street. No one--not even you,
dialog: Bill--will ever take the pleasure of your death away from me. I'd do
dialog: anything to keep you for my own, even if I have to protect you.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You protect me? Get out of here and go to hell.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Fine, so long as I pass you on my way.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Maybe I'd believe you more if I knew who was talking to you.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Someone I credit.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: That means nothing to me. None of this means nothing to me because I am
dialog: Tammany. Without me and my Natives they're nothing but a bunch of old
text: horses at a trough.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You join with me and we fight against Tammany, fight them back and out of
dialog: the Points. Then you and me can settle. But if you don't join with me,
dialog: then there won't be no settlement because you'll be murdered in the street
dialog: and the whole Points will be mine.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I relish the thought... just the thought... of cutting you up and opening
dialog: you wide. So if just thinking about it gives me such pleasure, imagine how
dialog: I'm going to enjoy doing it.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Why don't I make it easy for you, then.
text: He TURNS his back on the Butcher and starts to walk out, through the
text: entire gang of Natives.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Same as you're making it easy for Tweed.
text: He keeps walking... through the Natives ... dozens of ancient enemies
text: glowering at him.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Amsterdam!
dialog: (Amsterdam looks around)
dialog: Don't be like your father. Don't make it too easy.
text: Amsterdam struggles to keep his temper. But he turns and keeps walking
dialog: through the enemy camp as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 112 INT. JACOB'S LADDER
text: ....Amsterdam walking. But this time, he is WALKING among his gang. All
text: the Dead Rabbits are assembled, weapons ready. Jenny is beside him. Then
text: Jimmy Spoils. Then a few others.
text: As the group passes, others STAND and walk with them...
dialog: ... until the whole gang is rallied...
text: ... and bound for the passageway in the corner of the room that leads
text: under the building.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 113 INT. BASEMENT
text: As Amsterdam and the gang heads through the catacomb-like basement, past
text: the graves, into a tunnel. Torchlight GUTTERS all around. Their steps echo
text: like repeated rifle shots.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 114 INT. TUNNEL
text: The whole gang MARCHES down a tunnel under the Old Brewery. Except for
text: Amsterdam and Jenny, they all wear their tamlas. Many have marks and gang
text: insignia on their faces. All of them have weapons. A lot of weapons.
text: Frightened FACES--people seeking shelter and safety from the riots--appear
text: in the darkness, then vanish like ghosts.
text: As the Rabbits walk, they summon memories of the first fight, that same
text: march through the tunnels when Amsterdam marched beside his father.
text: Amsterdam's face gives little away. But perhaps he is remembering that day
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 115 INT. TUNNEL
text: The last tunnel.. Shreds of light from a door in the distance. Amsterdam
text: walks up to the door and--just as Monk Eastman did years before--KICKS it
text: down. Dim dawn LIGHT FLOODS the tunnel as the Dead Rabbits step out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 116 EXT. CANAL STREET DAWN
text: The first thing we see is an ELEPHANT, who trumpets fearfully at the
text: sudden sound of the sattere door. The gang stops, wary of this huge
text: refugee from Barnum's Museum, but the animal is more frightened of them.
text: It hurries on down the street...
text: ... revealing behind it a group of several dozen RIOTERS who carry a huge
text: American flag and a long wooden plank bearing the legend "No Draft." They
text: stare at the Rabbits with something near reverence.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Where's the Native Americans?
speaker_heading: RIOTER
dialog: Ain't seen them. Ain't here.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: And the militia?
speaker_heading: RIOTER
text: There's a detachment coming on from two streets over. The rest is still
dialog: north of here. What are you after?
text: Amsterdam POINTS to a formidable building a block away: the Armory. It
text: looks like a fortress.
speaker_heading: RIOTER
dialog: The Devil himself couldn't take that place.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: That's why he sent us.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 117 EXT. STREET NEAR ARMORY/ DAY
text: The DETACHMENT of militia proceeds warily towards the Armory. They are a
text: young, uncertain-looking outfit; their COMMANDER looks like an upstate
text: farm kid. He tenses and his eyes widen as he sees Jenny walking toward
text: him, carrying a BOY in her arms.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Help me. Oh please help me. He's shot, we need a doctor, please help.
speaker_heading: DETACHMENT COMMANDER
dialog: Miss, we ain't a medical outfit. The main unit's ten minutes behind us,
dialog: they'll have...
text: He doesn't get the chance to finish. Jenny DROPS the Boy from her arms and
text: shoots the Detachment Commander once, cleanly...
text: ... as the Boy roles into a prone position and FIRES two shots into the
dialog: stunned Detachment...
text: ... while the Dead Rabbits SWARM from every doorway along the street,
text: FIRING GUNS and brandishing weapons.
text: It's over in seconds. The Detachment has hardly gotten off a shot. Every
text: one of them lies dead or wounded in the street...
text: ... as the Rabbits CROUCH over their bodies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 118 EXT. ARMORY DAY
text: A rifle emplacement manned by a dozen GUARDS- They stand anxious post in
text: front of the Armory. Each window is barred and fortified, and the front
text: door is massive. But the tension in the Guards' faces eases a little when
dialog: they see ...
text: ... the Detachment of militia heading towards them down the street. Some
text: of the Detachment are wearing bloody uniform jackets; several are being
text: carried. The Detachment, unrecognized by the Guards, is made up entirely
dialog: of Dead Rabbits.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Help us, we got wounded!
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: We can't leave the post.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Open the damn doors then! We're bad hurt!
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: Where's the others?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Just behind us! But I got our major here wounded so bad half his guts is
dialog: out!
text: Guard 1 SIGNALS for the doors to be opened to the Armory as the Detachment
text: draws close to the emplacement.
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: God, it's good to see you!
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Likewise.
text: Ainsterdam SHOOTS him where he stands as the Rabbits OVERWHELM the
text: emplacement.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Move fast! We got to get out with everything we can before the militia
dialog: gets here!
text: As the Armory Guards return fire, the Boy Jenny carried in the previous
text: scene RUNS for the telegraph pole and starts to CLIMB. A SHOT makes the
text: wood fly inches from his face...
text: ... as the Rabbits storm into the Armory, FIRING wildly.
text: The Boy reaches the top of the telegraph pole and CUTS the wire. He
text: shinnies back down the pole as the wire SWINGS ineffectually in the air
dialog: and we ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: INT. Y HALL/MAIN ROOM 119
text: ..a telegram, held in Killoran's hand. He passes it to Tweed.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
text: It's from the Armory Guards. That's the last before the wire went dead.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: (reading, furious)
text: If the Rabbits are already at the Armory, where the hell is Bill and the
dialog: militia?
text: He THROWS the telegram onto the floor, where it joins a whole SEA of
text: yellow telegraph forms. They are shin-high; there must be thousands of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: KILLORAN
dialog: They got to be near.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: So long as they're near, it's alright. The Rabbits can take the Armory,
dialog: but they can't hold it. If Bill can get into position, he can make sure
text: they don't get out.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Alright then, John, you pray to any God you choose that's the fact of it.
dialog: If Bill thinks he can best the Natives, that is your opportunity. That is
dialog: your moment.
dialog: (Johnny hesitates)
dialog: Are you a Bible man? The Book says in Revelations, "I saw a new heaven and
dialog: a new earth." If the hand of God's not on you to fulfill that prophecy,
dialog: then the hand of Tweed will be. Go on and God bless.
text: Johnny looks like he is about to say something, but he stops; looks at
text: Tweed a moment longer; then nods acknowledgment and leaves.
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: I don't believe he can do it, Tweed.
speaker_heading: BOSS TWEED
dialog: Oh, I think he can. Whether it's one man against another or a mob against
dialog: the city, the mathematics remain the same. You never enjoyed the
dialog: enlightenment of poverty, did you, Governor? If you had, you'd know you
dialog: can always hire half the poor to kill the other half.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 120 EXT. ARMORY DAY
text: A TREMENDOUS VOLLEY of GUNFIRE, as if to illustrate the Tweed theory of
text: class warfare. Bodies fall in the street. Bodies fall from the Armory. The
text: building is under siege by the main unit of the MILITIA and by Bill the
text: Butcher and the Natives. The Dead Rabbits are trapped.
text: Johnny SNAKES through the Native American lines, over dead bodies, moving
text: towards Bill, who he sees a hundred yards away...
text: ... running over corpses of comrades and enemies toward the MILITIA
text: COMMADER. As SHOT WIDENS, the carnage is revealed. Bodies of Natives, in
text: their uniform dusters, and Rabbits, in their tamlas, lie side by side in
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: 120 CONTINUED:
text: FIRING continues from both sides as the Butcher shouts at the Militia
dialog: Commander.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: We move now and we can drive them out! We press them and they'll break!
speaker_heading: MILITIA COMMANDER
dialog: I can't spare the men or stand the risk! We stay fast and smoke lem out!
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Tweed put me in charge of this! I say we move, and by the crucified Christ
dialog: we will move!
dialog: (turns to his men)
dialog: Native Americans, come with me! Any militia that wants to live upright
dialog: instead of die hunkered down, come with us!
text: Bill STALKS through the lines, rallying the men. And Johnny starts to
speaker_heading: FOLLOW.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: We'll show you gladiators' greatness! Come on!
text: The men start to JOIN the Butcher; even some militia fall in. Johnny SLIPS
text: through the men gathering near the Butcher. He's closer to Bill than ever.
text: Bill starts to mount their BARRICADE. There is MOVEMENT and commotion all
text: around him as Natives and militia fall into rough formation. It threatens
text: to obscure Bill from Johnny's view. Shield him.
text: He has to make his move. NOW. He DRAWS a revolver as militia and Natives
text: pass in front of him... he AIMS ... he's anxious, confused ... his HAND
dialog: shakes ... he fires... too soon! ...
text: ... and HITS a Native, who falls dead. Right near Bill.
text: The Butcher turns in the direction of the shot, SEES Johnny. Their eyes
text: lock. Johnny FIRES again ... WINGS Bill ...
text: ... and Bill SHOOTS him. Johnny FALLS with the first shot. Bill's above
text: him now, looking down at him.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Was it Tweed or your friend put you to this?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Tweed.
text: Bill SHOOTS him again, point blank. Johnny screams.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You'd lie to save your friend.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (in terrible pain)
dialog: No. There's no friends for me.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Me the same. Pity us both.
text: He EMPTIES his revolver into Johnny.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Hold your fire!
dialog: (toward the Armory)
dialog: In there! Hey in there! I want to talk to Amsterdam!
text: The Militia Commander is aghast at this proposition and starts forward,
text: gun in hand. But a Native STOPS him.
text: Amsterdam's face APPEARS in a front window of the Armory.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Go on, then, talk.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You and me.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Come ahead then. And bring my friend's body.
text: Bill the Butcher SLINGS Johnny's body over his shoulder as easily as if it
dialog: were an empty sack of flour...
text: ... and starts walking thraugh the lines toward the Armory. The Militia
text: watches in disbelief, the Natives in confusion. The Dead Rabbits keep the
text: Butcher in their sights. But no one fires. No one moves.
text: And Bill the Butcher enters the front doors of the Armory.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 121 INT. ARMORY DAY
text: As the Butcher is admitted through the huge doors which clang SHUT quickly
text: behind him. It's a scene of devastation inside-dozens of dead and wounded
text: everywhere. And enough rifles and munitions to sink Manhattan island.
text: Bill the Butcher stands dead center in the middle of the Armory floor as
text: Amsterdam walks toward him. The Butcher DROPS Johnny's body in a heap at
text: his feet.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Your friend made different friends lately.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Tammany's put us all in the same place. You want to get out alive?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: It don't matter to me. I got enemies outside, enemies in here. The militia
dialog: can move on me anytime. You could drop me before I get to the door.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I don't want to lose you so easy. You'll never get past the militia unless
dialog: you come with the Dead Rabbits.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: You'd lay aside what's between us?
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: I'm not forgetting where I put it.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: If you do, I'll remind you.
dialog: (he turns, leaves)
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: What's your call, Bill?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: I'm considering where's my better chance.
text: He walks to the doors. The Rabbits guarding it don't make a move. He OPENS
text: it himself and strides out into the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 122 EXT./INT. ARMORY DAY
text: Bill walks alone toward the Native/militia lines.
text: From inside... from every window ... the Dead Rabbits watch him.
text: The sun is high, but the street is eerily quiet. There are FARAWAY SOUNDS
text: of battle, but here there is only the sound of distant, unheard
text: conversation between Bill, the Militia Commander and some Natives.
text: Amsterdam WATCHES intently.
text: The Butcher and the Militia Commander argue, but we still can't hear what
dialog: they're saying. There is still no sound...
text: ... until, SUDDENLY, we see the Militia Commander's face. Huge. EYES WIDE
text: with surprise as we HEAR the thunderclap of a SHOT.
text: Bill the Butcher has just gutshot the Militia Commander.
text: As if the shot were a signal, the Natives TURN on the militia. It's
text: hellish, close-quarter combat. Guns fired inches from enemies who had just
text: been allies. Knives, swords, bludgeons, kids with dead-rat blackjacks,
text: women with hob-nailed wooden planks, attacking better-armed but totally
text: stunned soldiers.
text: Bill the Butcher falls back toward the Armory, the Natives following him.
text: Inside the Armory, Amsterdam turns to his own greatly diminished gang.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Go ahead them, give them cover! Give them some damn cover!
text: The Rabbits are so stunned to be fighting on the same side as their sworn
text: enemies that, even with Amsterdam's order, no one makes a move. It's
text: Amsterdam who FIRES the first shots. And that unleashes a great VOLLEY
dialog: from the Armory...
dialog: ... toward the militia.
text: The Butcher and the Natives are closer to the Armory now... and the Armory
text: doors start to open...
text: ... when a MILITIA LIEUTENANT SIGNALS ...
text: ... and MILITIA on the surrounding roofs, waiting for this moment,
text: suddenly open fire...on the Natives below and on the Rabbits on the roof
text: of the armory. Many drop in the street and fall from the Armory roof...
text: ... as the Armory doors SWING WIDE to admit the Natives. As they run or
text: stagger inside, the Rabbits start to close the doors. Some Rabbits are cut
text: down by the fire from the rooftops. Other Natives never make it to the
text: doors. And a few are shot...
text: ... when the doors close before they can get through.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 123 INT./EXT. ARMORY DAY
text: The Dead Rabbits keep firing, but they have sustained grave losses. The
text: Butcher looks around at the Natives who have made it inside with him: he
text: has perhaps one-quarter of his original strength.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Well, it seems like between us we got two mobs that might make a gang.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Whose gang might it be?
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: Not William Tweed's.
text: Jimmy Spoils and a crew of Natives PUSH a cannon toward the rear of the
dialog: Armory.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Which way you pointing that?
speaker_heading: JIMMY SPOILS
dialog: Any way you say. One direction could let us out, the other will let them
dialog: in.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: They got to come in if we're going to fight them.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Who do you want to fight, Bill?
text: Amsterdam MOTIONS toward the rear wall and Jimmy swings the cannon around.
text: Everything surrounding them is MOVEMENT and COMMOTION as the remaining
text: members of both gangs TAKE whatever weapons they can carry from the Armory
dialog: stockpile...
text: ... and Jenny steps forward with a torch, LIGHTING the fuse of the
dialog: cannon...
text: ... which ROARS and BLOWS a huge hole in the rear wall of the Armory.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: (to Bill the Butcher)
dialog: See you in the street.
text: The gang members RUSH for the opening, carrying whatever they can manage.
text: Outside, the MILITIA LIEUTENANT hears the cannon blast... sees no damage
text: to the front of the building... and SIGNALS for a frontal ASSAULT on the
dialog: Armory.
text: HIGH ANGLE FROM ABOVE, CAMERA MOVING as the militia CHARGES ... following
text: them forward, then moving ahead to the Armory
text: ... SHOOTING straight down inside (no roof or ceiling) as the Gangs HURTLE
text: through the still-smoldering hole in the wall ...
text: ... and drop twenty feet to an alley below...
text: ... where militia on the roof try to pick them off. As the militia presses
text: closer from the front, gang defenses start to fall back inside the Armory.
dialog: Everyone wants to get through that hole.
text: Amsterdam, Jenny, Jimmy Spoils and some of the other gang nembers are
text: carrying TORCHES. Jenny HANDS a torch to the Butcher. Amsterdam MOTIONS
text: them all toward the back of the Armory.
text: But he stays behind. Just for a moment. He BENDS over the crumpled body of
text: Johnny Sirocco, ARRANGES it, folding JOHNNY'S HANDS across his chest.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: You'll have a warrior's funeral anyway, John.
text: He STANDS and RUNS for the hole in the wall, where Jenny and the others
dialog: stand waiting.
text: He TURNS, takes a last look inside the Armory. The militia is BATTERING
text: DOWN the front doors. Then he raises his TORCH over his head... and HURLS
text: it through the air. Jenny and the others do the same.
text: His single torch BLAZES a path of light across the screen. The others,
text: JOINING it, make a fiery CONSTELLATION.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 124 EXT. REAR OF ARMORY/STREETS BEHIND ARMORY DAY
text: As Jenny, Jimmy Spoils, Bill the Butcher and Amsterdam HURTLE through the
text: hole into the alley below...
text: ... and start to run through the withering GUNFIRE of the militia on the
dialog: roof...
text: ... getting away... just barely away.
text: As Jenny runs, her swag drops and FALLS from under her clothes. She TURNS
text: to pick it up but Amsterdam PULLS her on....
text: ... and just away from the titanic EXPLOSION of the Armory. The CONCUSSION
text: throws some of the militia from their perches on the roof. It sends a
text: fountain of FLAME and RUBBLE high into the sky. It is VOLCANIC in its
text: brilliance and intensity. The sky turns BLACK with powder, BLAZING ORANGE
text: with flame.
text: In the small streets BEHIND THE ARMORY, many gang members are CRUSHED by
text: debris or burned by FIREBALLS breaking off from the central flame.
text: The Armory is gone. Much of the surrounding area is gone with it.
text: On the ground, everything is smoke, flame, dirt, death, confusion, Corpses
text: everywhere. Gang members and kids running all over, desperate. It looks
dialog: like the last day of mankind on earth.
text: Bill the Butcher HELPS a couple of fallen Natives, then SEES through the
text: smoke and flame and storm of ash ... Amsterdam.
text: Coming towards him.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: We're finished, all of us.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: But you and me ain't settled.
scene_heading: BILL THE BUTCHER
dialog: We got the same now, a full share of nothing. There's nothing to settle.
dialog: There's nothing left.
text: Amsterdam takes a weapon from his pocket, OPENS it for the Butcher to see:
text: it is the pirate's knife which the Butcher used to kill Priest Vallon.
speaker_heading: AMSTERDAM
dialog: Then let's start over.
text: Bill the Butcher looks tired, sorrowful. He BURIES his face wearily in his
text: arms. And for a moment we think he has given everything up. Amsterdam
text: MOVES toward him, throu
